"Congressman Delaney" <MD06JDIMA@mail.house.gov>
2014-03-22 12:31:49
News from Representative John Delaney

 
 	
 
March 22, 2014

Dear Friend,

March is the heart of the legislative calendar in the spring. This
month, I've taken action to address infrastructure development,
economic growth, services for veterans, housing reform, and more.
Please take a moment to let me know what issues are most important to
you
 .

Here are some quick updates on what I've been working on:

*	Rebuilding America's infrastructure: Over the last year, I've
worked to build bipartisan support for my infrastructure bill, the
Partnership to Build America Act
  (H.R.
2084). My bill has been introduced in the Senate and as of today 33
Democrats and 34 Republicans in the House and Senate have signed on as
sponsors. The bill has gained national attention, including coverage in
the Washington Post and the Wall Street Journal for being an innovative
and constructive approach to our country's huge infrastructure deficit
that will create jobs in a financially responsible manner. 

*	Encouraging businesses to grow: Legislation I introduced with
Rep. Stephen Fincher (R-TN) to streamline the Initial Public Offering
(IPO) process recently passed the House Committee on Financial Services
in a 56-0 vote
 . According to a recent study
published in Forbes, on average, when a company goes public, they add
over 800 employees. Those are jobs we need. My bill makes the IPO
process less cumbersome while maintaining investor protections. During
the hearing on the bill, I spoke about my own experience
  taking two companies public, and why the bill is needed.

*	Finding a home for veterans: As Congress begins discussing next
year's budget, I've acted as strong voice for programs that will help
our veterans readjust to civilian life and find a home after their
service. This week, I sent a letter to congressional leadership
requesting full funding for Opening Doors, a program working to end
homeless among our nation's veterans by 2015. I also requested that
funding be included for the Fisher House Foundation, a non-profit that
builds facilities to house military families near VA medical centers
while their loved ones undergo treatment. During consideration of last
year's Department of Defense Appropriations Act, I sponsored an
amendment to increase Fisher House funding which received unanimous
support when it came before the House
 .

*	Housing reform: One of the major pieces of unfinished business
to come out of the financial crisis has been housing reform. The
mortgage market is still broken and Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac are
still in government conservatorship. Along with my colleagues Rep. John
Carney (D-DE) and Rep. Jim Himes (D-CT), I've introduced a plan that
would preserve the fixed-rate thirty-year mortgage
  while also protecting taxpayers.
According to the Financial Times my proposal is key to getting reform
passed in the House
  and it was described in the Washington Post
as a potential solution
 .

*	Improving Public Services and Efficiency: Before the President
released his 2015 Budget, I wrote to the White House encouraging
expanded use of Social Impact Bonds
  to improve government services.
Also known as Pay for Success, Social Impact Bonds create a
public-private partnership that marries private sector expertise with a
public goal, like better schools. One example of Social Impact Bonds
involves increased funding for early education, which in the long run
will reduce overall costs by producing fewer students who need special
assistance later in their educational careers. It's a true bottom-line -
better results and lower costs - and the model is being used in both
red and blue states. For this reason, I was pleased to see the
President include Pay for Success in the budget.

*	Standing up for women: As we celebrate Women's History Month,
I'm inspired by the stories of past victories and famous firsts, but
also cognizant of the fact that we have more work to do, both at home
and abroad. Last year I cosponsored the Paycheck Fairness Act and the
Violence Against Women Act, and thankfully, the latter was reauthorized
and became law. This month I joined 30 of my colleagues in writing a
letter to the women of Afghanistan
  voicing our support greater educational, political,
and economic rights for women and girls. The letter will be translated
into Dari and Pashtu and distributed locally. I was also honored to
attend British Foreign Secretary William Hague's recent speech at
Georgetown University, where he spoke out against the continued
prevalence of sexual violence as a weapon of war. It is unacceptable
that sexual violence in conflict continues with relative impunity. 

As always, please consider my office a resource if you need help
receiving your benefits or working with a federal agency.

Sincerely,

John

 
  


 

 	
	
For updates from our office 
like us on Facebook 
and follow us on Twitter.

	 	



OFFICE LOCATIONS

 
GAITHERSBURG OFFICE 
9801 Washingtonian Boulevard
Suite 330
Gaithersburg, MD 20878
Phone: 301-926-0300

WASHINGTON, DC OFFICE 
1632 Longworth 
House Office Building
Washington, DC 20515
Phone: 202-225-2721

HAGERSTOWN OFFICE 
38 South Potomac Street
Suite 205
Hagerstown, MD 21740
Phone: 301-733-2900	
 	
	 		
 	
Unsubscribe
  | Privacy Policy
 	

 
 

