
Can't see the pictures? Select "Always display images" or
view this message in your browser .
Dear Friends,
As you may have heard,
the Export-Import Bank is in peril . This vital program&rsquo;s chartered mission is to help U.S. companies compete overseas by securing loans or loan guarantees for foreign purchasers and helping U.S. exporters insure international shipments. Nationally, over
9,000 companies
have benefited from Ex-Im&rsquo;s services, with a majority going to help sustain jobs in small-businesses. Despite Ex-Im&rsquo;s overwhelming success,
its charter is set to expire on June 30th .
And a small but vocal group in Washington would happily see it dismantled.
Congressman Larson tours a machine shop in Winsted.
Over half of exporting companies at a national level are small businesses.
The Ex-Im Bank costs the American taxpayer nothing, and it provides crucial support to businesses in our district and the nation at large. Nearly
$531 million of exports
have been financed from
26 companies
within our community, including Stanadyne Corporation, Kahn Industries, Dymax, Gibbs Wire &amp; Steel Company, and more. Ex-Im is a proven job supporter, and letting it expire would imperil our local businesses&rsquo; ability to compete globally.
We cannot let that happen.
I am a proud sponsor of the
Promoting U.S. Jobs Through Exports Act of 2015
(H.R. 1031). This bill would reauthorize the bank&rsquo;s charter for seven more years, expand services to small- and medium-sized firms, establish risk-sharing programs to incentivize private investment, and provide new oversight tools to enhance transparency. Almost 200 Democratic members have signed on,
and 41 Republican members have written a letter
to leadership urging reauthorization. This is not a partisan issue, it is a jobs issue. If a reauthorization bill were brought to the floor today, it would pass with significant bipartisan support. With our partners in business community and labor, it&rsquo;s time to protect American jobs and renew the Export-Import Bank.
Sincerely,
Click here to unsubscribe
Washington Office
1501 Longworth House Office Building
Washington, DC 20515
Phone: (202) 225-2265
Hartford District Office
221 Main Street, 2nd Floor
Hartford, CT 06106
Phone: 860-278-8888
This mailing was prepared, published, and mailed at taxpayer expense.
