DOCTYPE html
May 17, 2015
Congressman McHenry Weekly Update
Defending Those Who Cannot Defend Themselves
There is no greater cause than the defense of life and this week the House took an important step in the ongoing effort to defend those who cannot defend themselves. On Wednesday the House passed
H.R. 36, the Pain-Capable Unborn Child Protection Act
which bans abortions after five months of pregnancy. It has been scientifically proven that babies can feel pain at five months and abortions of these children are opposed by a majority of the American people. Additionally, the United States is one of only seven countries in the world Russia, China, and North Korea are among the othersthat allow abortions after five months. This is a horrific act and one that must end. I am proud to stand with the unborn and support this vital legislation. You can learn more about H.R.36 by clicking the image below.
Welcoming Visitors From NC-10 to Washington
One of the benefits of representing a district that is driving distance from Washington is having folks from the 10th District visit each week. Its always a pleasure to show them around my office and the Capitol. On Tuesday of this week I had the pleasure of meeting with Caroline and Cassidy Collins of Hickory. Caroline and Cassidy were in DC on behalf of the American Heart Association.
On Wednesday I welcomed a group of North Carolina Realtors to my office in the Capitol to discuss housing issues. The group included folks from across Western NC including Buncombe County.
Then on Friday I had the opportunity to speak to a group of 6th, 7th, and 8th graders from Conover's Tri-City Christian School. Following Friday's last votes, I headed out to the front steps of the House chamber where I spoke to them about my work in Washington and took questions from the group.
If you are planning a trip to Washington in the future whether it be for work, school or pleasure be sure to let my office know. Visit my website for information on
contacting the office
and complete details on
what to do and see while visiting our nation's capital .
Proud to Support
Yesterday was
Armed Forces Day , celebrating the tremendous contributions of all the men and women who make up the branches of our nation's military. Each member of our armed forces makes great sacrifices to defend our freedoms and we must ensure they have the resources they need to succeed. This week, the House did just that by passing the FY2016 National Defense Authorization Act. This bill makes important reforms to the Department of Defense while also improving pay and benefits for our service men and women. Most importantly, it ensures they have all the tools they need to keep our nation safe from enemies around the globe. You can learn more about the NDAA
here
or by clicking the image below and viewing a video on the bill from the Armed Services Committee.
What I Have Been Reading
Thousands of officers remember slain brothers killed in line of duty
USA Today
This past Friday, May 15th was the annual National Peace Officers Memorial Day, honoring all law enforcement officers killed in the line of duty. In honor of Peace Officers Memorial Day and National Police Week, the House
passed three bills
to assist members of law enforcement and their families. Thank you to all law enforcement for all their hard work and service keeping us safe across NC-10 and throughout the country.
Veterans Affairs improperly spent $6 billion annually, senior official says
The Washington Post
Lately it has seemed as though each week we learn new details about waste and mismanagement at the Department of Veterans Affairs and this week was no different. This week it is news the VA was spending at least $6 billion each year that violated federal contracting rules. This represents a massive waste of taxpayer funds but more distressingly, these are billions of dollars that could have been used to care for our veterans who have sacrificed so much for our nation. This latest revelation highlights the vital need for real reforms to the VA.
Big surprises when boy dances through chemo appears on 'Ellen'
WCNC - NBC Charlotte
If you are looking for some inspiration, look no further than this story about six year old Braylon Beam. Braylon is from Lincoln County and was diagnosed with a tumor on his optic nerve that requires chemotherapy to treat. Rather than letting chemo get him down, Braylon has instead decided to dance his way through chemo. Click the link above to learn more about Braylon and his amazing, positive spirit.
WASHINGTON, D.C. OFFICE
2334 Rayburn HOB
Washington, D.C. 20515
Telephone: 202.225.2576
Fax: 202.225.0316
HICKORY DISTRICT OFFICE
87 4th St. NW, Ste A, PO Box 1830
Hickory, NC 28603
Telephone: 828.327.6100
Toll-Free in NC: 800.477.2576
Fax: 828.327.8311
GASTONIA DISTRICT OFFICE
Suite 115
Gaston Co. Administrative Bldg
128 West Main Avenue
Gastonia, NC 28053
Telephone: 704.833.0096
BLACK MTN. DISTRICT OFFICE
160 Midland Avenue
Black Mountain, NC 28711
Telephone: 828.669.0600
Click Here Click Here