
June 22, 2015
Share this email:
Congressman Griffith's Weekly E-Newsletter 6.22.15
Monday, June 22, 2015
Helping Patients
An Update
As you likely know, one of my priorities as your representative is advancing legislation that would help patients receive quality, affordable health care that meets that patients individual health care needs.
Among my efforts to help patients are the
Patient Choice Act
(H.R. 1376), the
Compassionate Freedom of Choice Act
(H.R. 790), etc.
More information on these proposals and others
including the Energy and Commerce Committees 21st Century Cures initiative
can be found on my website.
I am pleased to note I have recently introduced another bill which would help advance my goal of improving care for patients.
This bill, the
Furthering Access to Stroke Telemedicine (FAST) Act
(H.R. 2799), expands access to stroke telemedicine (also called telestroke) treatment in Medicare by reducing the need for rehabilitation and nursing home stays.
This change is also estimated by the American Heart Association to save approximately $119 million in Medicare spending annually.
Currently, Medicare only covers telestroke in the most rural, underserved areas.
The
FAST Act
would change that, reimbursing for telestroke consultations under Medicare regardless of where the patient happens to be living.
Through telestroke, a patient having a stroke can gain access to specialists through the use of interactive videoconferencing, even if the hospital at which the patient is receiving treatment does not have a stroke neurologist available around the clock.
It can expand the diagnoses of ischemic strokes, thus allowing patients to more quickly be treated with Tissue Plasminogen Activator (tPA), a magic, clot-busting drug that helps dissolve blood clots and reverse disability if administered promptly.
Recognizing the signs and symptoms of a stroke and receiving treatment promptly are crucial when attempting to minimize the harmful impact of a stroke.
I was joined in introducing this important bill by Congresswoman Joyce Beatty (D-OH, a stroke survivor), Congressman James Sensenbrenner (R-WI), Congressman David Scott (D-GA), Congressman Gregg Harper (R-MS), and Congressman Mike Thompson (D-CA).
The
FAST Act
is also supported by the American Heart Association/American Stroke Association as well as the American Academy of Neurology.
Stroke is the fifth leading cause of death for Americans and contributes greatly to long-term disability and dementia among survivors.
Strokes take place when the brains blood supply is blocked (an ischemic stroke, which is the most common) or when a blood vessel in the brain ruptures (a hemorrhagic stroke).
There also are mini-strokes (transient ischemic attacks, or TIAs), in which blood flow to the brain is blocked only briefly.
At a 2001 event in Richmond, my then-colleague Virginia Delegate Bob Bloxom suddenly began having a significant stroke.
Two doctor-delegates, John OBannon and George Broman, promptly rushed to his aid.
Dr. OBannon, a neurologist, phoned for an ambulance, and informed the paramedics of Bobs condition.
Doctors were soon able to administer the tPA drug to Bob, after which he recovered rapidly.
To everyones astonishment Bob returned several days later to the Virginia House of Delegates, making remarks on the floor with no discernable impact to his speech or motor functions.
Incredible.
All things considered, Bob was fairly fortunate.
Those who dont have a hospital and/or stroke specialist within a few miles are currently less fortunate, as tPA is most effective if administered within the first three to four and a half hours after a stroke.
tPA and telestroke ought to be more readily available to help improve patients chances of recovering from a stroke.
The
FAST Act
will help.
Congratulations, Mia, on your National Award Regarding the Barter Theatre
On June 17, I had the opportunity to meet in Washington, D.C. with Miss Mia Lazar of Blacksburg New School.
Mia and other students were being honored for competing in National History Day, an academic program that encourages our nations young people to get involved in original historic research.
I was very pleased to learn that, on June 18, it was announced that Mia won first place nationally in the junior individual documentary category for her entry, A Legacy of Love and Laughter: Robert Porterfields Barter Theatre.
Congratulations, Mia, and best wishes on future endeavors.
I have no doubt we in the Ninth District can expect more great things from you!
If you have questions, concerns, or comments, feel free to contact my office.
You can call my Abingdon office at 276-525-1405 or my Christiansburg office at 540-381-5671.
To reach my office via email, please visit my website at www.morgangriffith.house.gov.
Also on my website is the latest material from my office, including information on votes recently taken on the floor of the House of Representatives.
###
Washington, DC Office
1108 Longworth HOB
Washington, D.C. 20515
T (202) 225-3861
F (202) 225-0076
Abingdon Office
323 West Main St.
Abingdon, VA 24210
T (276) 525-1405
F (276) 525-1444
Christiansburg Office
17 West Main St.
Christiansburg, VA 24073
T (540) 381-5671
F (540) 381-5675
UPDATE SUBSCRIPTION OPTIONS
|
PRIVACY POLICY
|
CONTACT US
Click Here Click Here