
If you are
having trouble viewing this message or would like to share it on a
social network, you can
view
the message online .
About
Contact
Services
Media
Center
Legislation
Issues
Resources
May 24, 2015
Friends,
Patriotism. Its one of many
feelings I get when I see an American flag. More than just stiches and dye
on a piece of fabric, the American flag stands for liberty, freedom and
pride.
It represents the history of our nation and soars as
a symbol of our strength and unity. Along with patriotism and pride,
the flag elicits an immense gratitude for our heroic men and women in
uniform who display unparalleled dedication to our freedom.
Its a reminder that freedom comes with a cost, and our veterans, our
soldiers and their families are paying it.
One of the most
heartbreaking places to see the American flag is draped over the casket of
a member of the United States Armed Forces.
There, the red,
white and blue serve as an honor and a tribute to thank our veterans and
those who perished while
serving.
Although we are thankful each and every day for these patriots,
we set aside Memorial Day to come together with family, friends and
neighbors to remember their service.
Its an opportunity to
reflect and offer our deepest support and gratitude to the families of
those weve lost. While we remember the fallen this Memorial Day, lets
recommit ourselves to caring for our active duty troops, veterans and
their families. As George Washington said,
The willingness
with which our young people are likely to serve in any war, no matter
how justified, shall be directly proportional to how they perceive the
veterans of earlier wars were treated and appreciated by their
nation.
Thats one reason why
I am continuing to fight to fix the issues at the Department of
Veterans Affairs (VA). Make no mistake, there are many good and dedicated
people at VA medical facilities in North Carolina who work hard to
provide veterans the service they deserve. The problem is the bureaucracy
has gotten so massive and out of control that resources are wasted and
the quality of care delivered to veterans has decreased. Last week,
the House passed a handful of bills to increase accountability at the VA
and support our veterans. One bill, the
Ensuring VA Employee
Accountability Act , will bring to light discrepancies and
guarantee poor performance by employees at the agency are not swept under
the rug.
My colleagues and I will continue our efforts to
reshape the culture at the VA, but its high time this administration takes
responsibility and cleans up the
mess.
As always, my office stands ready to assist every
veteran in our district with problems they are having with the VA. If you
or someone you know needs assistance, please contact my office in
Concord at
(704) 786-1612
or my office in Rockingham
at
(910)
997-2070 .
While we will never be able to repay our fellow Americans
who laid down their lives for our freedom, we can say thank
you.
So this Memorial Day, before you head back to the busy work week,
please join me in thanking those who serve and our patriots who fought
the good fight and made the ultimate sacrifice to defend our country.
I ask you to thank a veteran and a military family, and I challenge
you to do all that you can to serve our country and to be worthy of the
sacrifice of so many of these
heroes.
To the members of the United States Armed
Forces, past and present, thank you for your service. May God bless our
troops and may God bless the United States of
America.
Until next
week,
Richard
Hudson
Member of Congress
(NC-08)
Concord Office
325 McGill Ave, NW
Suite
500
Concord, NC 28027
Phone: (704) 7861612
Rockingham Office
1015 Fayetteville Rd
Rockingham, NC 28379
Phone: (910) 9972070
Washington D.C. Office
429 Cannon HOB
Washington, DC
20515
Phone: (202) 2253715
Unsubscribe
|
Update My Profile
|
Privacy
Policy
