
Dear Friend,
Thank you for signing up to receive my email newsletter. These
newsletters will cover a variety of topics, including events happening
in Indiana, legislation being considered in Congress, and my
perspective on current issues. My hope is to keep you updated and
informed on how issues in Washington may impact Hoosiers. I welcome
your feedback.
Thanks for reading,
Dan Coats
_____
Trade Bill Passes Senate
The Business Roundtable recently found that trade supports 796,619 jobs
in Indiana. Companies around our state exported over $34 billion in
goods and services in 2013 alone, including $28 billion in
manufacturing exports. Indiana also is a national leader in
pharmaceutical exports, and Hoosier farmers export about $5 billion in
agricultural products every year.
Given the importance of trade to Indiana's economy, last week I
supported legislation - which passed the Senate - that gives the
executive branch the authority to negotiate new trade agreements on
behalf of the United States. Currently, our country is negotiating two
trade agreements: the Trans-Pacific Partnership and the Transatlantic
Trade and Investment Partnership. The Senate-passed bill defines
American negotiating goals while retaining the authority to approve any
potential trade agreements.
Increasing international trade will strengthen Indiana's economy,
create more good-paying jobs, give Hoosier businesses access to new
markets and enhance our national security. Free and fair trade will
help Hoosier farms and families by opening emerging foreign markets to
Hoosier agricultural and manufacturing products.
_____
Abuse of Education Tax Credits
As I have noted in previous Waste of the Week speeches, our federal tax
code is a mess. I recently highlighted one aspect of the tax code that
must be cleaned up: education tax credits.
Currently, there are a dizzying array of tax benefits for higher
education, all of which come with their own rules. This complexity
makes it so that even well-meaning taxpayers make mistakes when they
claim these benefits.
According to the Treasury Inspector General for Tax Administration, the
Internal Revenue Service (IRS) paid out billions in potentially
erroneous education tax credits to more than 3.6 million taxpayers. To
help curtail these erroneous payments, I introduced legislation that
would require taxpayers to have a valid form of proof in their
possession when they fill out their tax returns and claim tuition
benefits. The Joint Committee on Taxation estimated that this simple
change to require some proof that tuition was actually paid would save
$576 million over the next 10 years.
My legislation aims to improve tax compliance in this area by simply
requiring proof of eligibility. Additionally, my legislation provides
relief from penalties for higher education institutions if they certify
that they have complied with IRS standards by requesting required
student information that the students failed to provide. This
requirement will allow Hoosier taxpayers, students and institutions to
enjoy these tax benefits for years to come, as well as root out fraud
and abuse by those who seek to game the system.
To watch me discuss this issue on the Senate floor, click here
or on the image above.
Coats in the News
A Valuable Counterterrorism Capability
Coats backs states suing over immigration order
Coats: President Should Have Trade Power, But Lawmakers Should Have
Veto Power
Coats Supports Bipartisan Chemical Safety Bill
Dead people still receiving Social Security checks
_____
Stay Connected
_____
Coats with Hoosiers
I was thrilled to be in Fort Wayne for GM's exciting announcement to
expand Fort Wayne Assembly.
I met with Indiana State Health Commissioner Dr. Jerome Adams about the
HIV crisis in Scott County.
Senator Donnelly and I made good on our bet with Connecticut Senators
Blumenthal and Murphy about the NCAA Women's Basketball Championship
game between UCONN and Notre Dame.
_____
To unsubscribe please
Click Here
Contact Me
Latest News
A message
from Senator Dan Coats
Dear
Friend,
Thank you for signing up to receive my email
newsletter. These newsletters will cover a variety of topics,
including
events happening in Indiana, legislation being
considered
in Congress, and my perspective on current issues.
My
hope is to keep you updated and informed on how issues in Washington may impact Hoosiers. I welcome your
feedback.
Thanks for reading,
Dan Coats
Trade Bill Passes Senate
The Business Roundtable recently found that
trade supports 796,619 jobs in Indiana. Companies around our state exported over $34 billion in goods
and services in 2013 alone, including $28 billion in manufacturing exports. Indiana also is a national
leader in pharmaceutical exports, and Hoosier farmers export about $5 billion in agricultural products
every year.
Given the importance of trade to Indiana&#8217;s economy, last week I supported legislation &#8211;
which passed the Senate - that gives the executive branch the authority to negotiate new trade agreements
on behalf of the United States. Currently, our country is negotiating two trade agreements: the Trans-Pacific
Partnership and the Transatlantic Trade and Investment Partnership. The Senate-passed bill defines American
negotiating goals while retaining the authority to approve any potential trade agreements.
Increasing international trade will strengthen Indiana's economy, create more good-paying jobs, give
Hoosier businesses access to new markets and enhance our national security. Free and fair trade will
help Hoosier farms and families by opening emerging foreign markets to Hoosier agricultural and manufacturing
products.
Abuse
of Education Tax Credits
As
I have noted in previous Waste of the Week speeches, our federal tax code is a mess. I recently highlighted
one aspect of the tax code that must be cleaned up: education tax credits.
Currently,
there are a dizzying array of tax benefits for higher education, all of which come with their own rules.
This complexity makes it so that even well-meaning taxpayers make mistakes when they claim these benefits.
According to the Treasury Inspector General for Tax Administration, the Internal Revenue
Service (IRS) paid out billions in potentially erroneous education tax credits to more than 3.6 million
taxpayers. To help curtail these erroneous payments, I introduced legislation that would require taxpayers
to have a valid form of proof in their possession when they fill out their tax returns and claim tuition
benefits. The Joint Committee on Taxation estimated that this simple change to require some proof that
tuition was actually paid would save $576 million over the next 10 years.
My legislation aims to improve tax compliance in this area by simply requiring proof
of eligibility. Additionally, my legislation provides relief from penalties for higher education institutions
if they certify that they have complied with IRS standards by requesting required student information
that the students failed to provide. This requirement will allow Hoosier taxpayers, students and institutions
to enjoy these tax benefits for years to come, as well as root out fraud and abuse by those who seek
to game the system.
To watch
me discuss this issue on the Senate floor, click
here
or on the image above.
Coats
in the News
A
Valuable Counterterrorism Capability
Coats
backs states suing over immigration order
Coats:
President Should Have Trade Power, But Lawmakers Should Have Veto Power
Coats
Supports Bipartisan Chemical Safety Bill
Dead
people still receiving Social Security checks
Stay
Connected
Coats with Hoosiers
I
was thrilled to be in Fort Wayne for GM's exciting announcement to expand Fort Wayne Assembly.
I
met with Indiana State Health Commissioner Dr. Jerome Adams about the HIV crisis in Scott County.
Senator
Donnelly and I made good on our bet with Connecticut Senators Blumenthal and Murphy about the NCAA
Women's Basketball Championship game between UCONN and Notre Dame.
To
unsubscribe please
Click
Here
Contact
Me Latest
News
