 Mail
begin
If you are having trouble viewing this
message or would like to share it on a social network, you can
view the message online .
CONTACT
ABOUT
SERVICES
NEWS
OFFICE LOCATIONS
Giving the American People a Voice on
Any Deal with Iran
By
U.S. Senator Bob Corker
It is hard to recall a
time in history when pragmatic U.S. leadership around the world
mattered more to our nations security and prosperity.
From the
brutality of ISIS as they recruit foreign fighters, seize swaths of
territory, kidnap innocent civilians, and murder Christians; to the
appalling acts of Syrian President Bashar al-Assad killing his own people
with barrel bombs and chlorine gas; to Russian President Vladimir
Putins unlawful invasion and occupation of Ukraine; to Chinas
aggressive behavior in the East and South China Seas; the challenges we face
are vast.
But there is perhaps no greater geopolitical
issue facing the world today than preventing a nuclear-armed
Iran.
A nuclear Iran is a threat to every nation and would lead to a
less safe and secure world. It also could create a dangerous arms race
with the possibility of a nuclear weapon falling into the hands of
terrorists. That is why the stakes are high as the United States and
other world powers negotiate to try to dismantle Irans nuclear weapons
capability.
Any agreement with Iran will affect generations
to come, which is why I am determined to ensure the American people
through their elected representatives in Congress
are given a voice
on this consequential decision.
It has been
disappointing to see President Obama and his administration try to bypass the
American people and go straight to the United Nations Security Council
after stating any deal with Iran must pass muster with
Congress.
But last week
in a show of bipartisanship that is all too rare
today in Washington
Republicans and Democrats in the Senate pushed
back and sent a strong message to an administration notorious for its
overreach.
On Thursday, with an overwhelming vote of 98 to
1, the Senate passed the
Iran Nuclear
Agreement Review Act , a bill I introduced with colleagues on
both sides of the aisle, to restrict President Obamas free hand and
give the American people the voice this administration has tried so
desperately to silence. Without this bill, the president would be able to
immediately waive sanctions imposed by Congress and unilaterally
implement an agreement with Iran.
The Iran Nuclear Agreement
Review Act does three things:
First, it ensures
transparency. The bill requires the president to submit to Congress the text and
all details of any nuclear agreement with Iran, if one is
reached.
Second, it provides oversight. The bill prohibits the
administration from suspending congressional sanctions for a period of time
so Congress will have the opportunity to hold hearings before the
American people. And while it will be a heavy lift, the bill ensures
Congress has the chance, if it chooses, to pass a resolution of approval
or disapproval of the agreement.
Third, it holds Iran
accountable. The bill requires the president to certify to Congress every
90 days that Iran is complying with an agreement. Should Iran cheat,
the bill enables Congress to immediately reimpose
sanctions.
The bill now heads to the House of Representatives for
consideration, where I hope it will receive swift action.
When it
comes to foreign policy, I firmly believe that partisanship should stop
at our waters edge, which is why we have worked hard to keep our
bipartisan bill focused on the appropriate role for
Congress.
A strong, negotiated agreement that will stand the test of time and
stop Iran from obtaining a nuclear weapon is the preferred outcome. But
as the major world powers work toward a final agreement, it is
important our negotiators remain clear-eyed. The sooner we enact this bill,
the sooner we can send a clear signal to Iran that Congress will play a
role, which will give our negotiators an even stronger hand at the
table and slow the administration from rushing headlong into a bad
deal.
When consequential decisions are made
decisions that
will affect the type of world we leave behind to our children and
grandchildren
your voice must be heard. With this bill, it will
be.
Bob Corker is a U.S. senator for Tennessee and chairman of
the Senate Foreign Relations
Committee.
Home
|
Privacy Policy
|
Unsubscribe
gateway mail end
