
HOME
|
About Mike
|
Contact YOUR Office
|
Serving You
|
Newsroom
|
Legislative Work
|
4th District
|
Resources
WEBSITE
| SHARE ON:
Greetings,
This week the House joined the Senate in passing the Iran Nuclear Agreement Review Act.
I voted against it along with 24 of my colleagues.
The President will sign this bill
of course
because it gives him a blank check to cozy up to Iranian terrorists without any restraint from Congress.
When he does, our children will be less safe.
There is no longer any real hope that Congress can keep in place sanctions that present the single best chance at crushing the Iranian regime.
Absent regime change, a nuclear Iran is nearly inevitable.
President Obamas senior national security advisor referred to the Iran nuclear deal by saying, " This is probably the biggest thing President Obama will do in his second term on foreign policy. This is healthcare for us, just to put it in context.
Sadly, as bad as Obamacare is, allowing Iran to obtain a nuclear arsenal is worse.
This week Congress handed over its power to stop this even greater threat to America:
a nuclear-armed leader who leads chants of Death to America.
I hope that I am wrong.
I hope that when the President reaches an accord that permits Iran to enrich uranium, to continue its missile program, and to do so with every economic sanction lifted, that Congress will have the will to stop him.
If this week is any indication, Congress will fold again.
Thursday I spoke on the House floor in opposition to the Iran Nuclear Agreement Review Act.
The media, and my colleagues, have done a great job of pushing the message that this Iran Nuclear Agreement Review Act is the only way Congress will have an opportunity to stop a bad deal with Iran.
A few simple questions:
Why would President Obama be supportive of legislation that would hinder his ability to close this deal?
(Answer:
He wouldnt.)
Why would China and Russia acquiesce in the passage of this bill?
(Answer:
Because they know it will allow them to sell arms to Iran and create a power that counterbalances the U.S.)
Why has no Iranian official so much as let out a peep about this bill harming negotiations?
(Answer:
Because it does just the opposite, it makes any deal reached acceptable and gives them no reason to give up anything in the negotiations.)
Now, instead of coming to Congress for approval of an Iranian deal, the President needs only to convince a handful of Democrats to not override a presidential veto.
With the passage of this bill there is very little standing in between the President and his deal, and Iran and its bomb.
Put another way.
The President said all of his policies were on the ballot this past November and that included his Iranian policy.
America rejected his surrender to Iran.
Now, Congress has permitted the losers in the election
Senate Democrats lost 9 seats
to approve the Iranian nuclear program.
It is unconscionable for Congress to grant such sweeping power to
any
president
but we are now allowing Obama to lift sanctions on Iran no matter what terrible deal he agrees to with Ayatollah Khamenei.
It was my job as a soldier and is my job as your Congressman to protect our country from the various threats we face.
I will not get caught up in the political game of passing a bill designed to simply give Congress political cover.
We cannot underestimate our enemies and I will not stop fighting against things I know are detrimental to our national security.
That work just got harder.
Sincerely,
Mike Pompeo
Member of Congress
Connect With Mike
NOTE: Please
DO NOT
respond to this email as this
inbox is unattended . To contact my office please
click here
WASHINGTON, DC OFFICE
436 Cannon HOB
Washington, DC 20515
Phone:
(202) 225-6216
Fax:
(202) 225-3489
WICHITA, KS OFFICE
7701 E. Kellogg, Suite 510
Wichita, KS 67207
Phone:
(316) 262-8992
Fax:
(316) 262-5309
UPDATE SUBSCRIPTION OPTIONS
|
PRIVACY POLICY
|
CONTACT US
Click Here Click Here