
Friday June 19, 2015
WEBSITE
|
FORWARD TO A FRIEND
| SHARE ON:
Dear Friend ,
This week, instead of debating important topics like renewing the Export-Import Bank, Republicans are diverting their attention to undermining and attempting to repeal the Affordable Care Act (ACA). They held the 59th
&amp; 60th votes to repeal the ACA, trying to strip away health security from millions of Americans. Republicans are stuck in a cycle of dysfunction and diversion.
On Thursday the House voted to approve Trade Promotion Authority (TPA), which gives the President the authority to negotiate trade deals with other countries in the future. I was one of the 208 representatives to vote NO because I want to see jobs, education and transportation addressed in any trade bill, and
job prospects for future generations guaranteed. If Republicans are so keen on trade, they should bring up a vote to renew the Export-Import Bank, which expires on June 30th.
The Export-Import Bank helps American businesses of all sizes sell their goods overseas, expanding opportunities to new markets.
I spoke on the House floor this week in opposition of sending additional troops to Iraq. I still believe using military force should be the last resort and that the American people, through their Representatives in Congress, should be able to engage in a robust debate before we commit to sending our sons and daughters into harm's way.
Sincerely,
Charles Rangel
Tragedy in Charleston
There is no place for such act of hate and terrorism in our country. My most heartfelt condolences are with the mourning families and friends of the nine parishioners who lost their lives in this terrible shooting. Let us join together in praying for the entire Charleston community to rise out of this tragedy. I am hopeful that the swift pursuit of justice will provide some comfort in this time of incredible grief.
Happy Father's Day
This Sunday is Father's Day, a day in which we take time to recognize and honor the fathers and their significance in a child's life. My own journey into fatherhood has not only been a blessing but an absolute joy from my two children Steven and Alicia, and as the proud grandfather to Howard, Joshua, and Charles.
Tweet
me stories and memories of your fathers or your fatherhood @cbrangel or share them on my
Facebook page
"Ramadan Kareem"
I join my Muslim friends in welcoming and celebrating the holy month of Ramadan-- a time when observers pray, reflect, and reaffirm their faith. This sacred tradition represents strength and great self-restraint for those who practice Islam. Read my full statement
here .
Happy Juneteenth!
This year marks the 150th anniversary of
Juneteenth , the day when Major General Gordon Granger finally arrived in Galveston, Texas, his last stop in delivering the news of President Abraham Lincoln's historic Emancipation Proclamation which was declared two years prior. Until our society is free from all racism, discrimination, and violence, we must strive for equal rights for everyone. As we celebrate freedom today, let us reaffirm our commitment to upholding the principles of liberty and justice for all.
UPDATE SUBSCRIPTION OPTIONS
|
PRIVACY POLICY
|
CONTACT US
D.C. Office:
2354 Rayburn HOB
Washington, DC 20515
P: 202-225-4365
F: 202-225-0816
New York Office:
163 West 125th St., Suite #737
New York, NY 10027
Phone: 212-663-3900
Fax: 212-663-4277
Click Here Click Here