, a District of Columbia citizen and the designer of the citys master plan, in the Capitol.
In response to a D.C. Commission on the Arts and Humanities (DCCAH) competition for D.C. statues in the Capitol in 2006, D.C. residents chose LEnfant, as well as Frederick Douglass, among the top ten Americans who have given distinguished service to the District.
The DCCAH selection committee then chose LEnfant and Douglass to be commissioned.
The LEnfant statue is currently on display in D.C.s One Judiciary Square Office Building.
A second statue in the Capitol would give D.C. residents the full recognition they deserve among the states, and would embolden our resolve for statehood.
With Memorial Bridge Metrobus Ban Starting Today, Time to Pass My Bill to Fix Roads, Bridges, and Transit
Today is the day of reckoning for District of Columbia and regional residents who rely on Metrobus to commute across the Arlington Memorial Bridge.
The National Park Service today began enforcing a 10-ten load limit, banning Metro and tour buses from crossing the bridge.
Not only does this hurt regional residents by further clogging our roads, but tour buses are also restricted from using the bridge, which hurts our tourist-based economy.
Congress is to blame for this shameful calamity.
While Memorial Bridge has crumbled in plain sight for years, Congress has refused to pass a long-term surface transportation bill and caused a crisis for our nations infrastructure.
As the top Democrat on the Highways and Transit Subcommittee, I have been trying for months to get the Republican majority to move a long-term transportation bill.
I also introduced a special bill to rebuild federal roads and bridges like Arlington Memorial Bridge , which are unique in that they must be funded entirely with federal dollars.
Memorial Bridge was first built as a symbol of our national strength and as a gateway in one direction to Arlington Cemetery and in the other to the historic Mall monuments.
Now it is a symbol of congressional weakness and dysfunction.
Perhaps this watershed moment will get Congress to get its act together and do the responsible thing by passing the administrations long-term, six-year surface transportation bill, which I have introduced, to fix our nations roads, bridges, and transit systems.
Federal WMATA Safety Report Shows Urgent Need for Oversight Reform and Restoration of Federal Safety Funding
Last week, the Federal Transit Administration (FTA) released a report on its major safety inspection of the Washington Metropolitan Area Transit Authoritys (WMATA) rail and bus systems .
Although the FTA said Metro is not unsafe, major changes in WMATAs regional oversight and an increase in staffing and training resources are essential to erasing a significant gap in safety for both riders and WMATA employees.
Metro has made some progress since the horrific 2009 Red Line crash that killed nine D.C.-area residents, but it still has a safety culture problem.
Major changes are needed, but as the FTA Acting Administrator said, You cannot starve a transit agency into safety compliance or a state of good repair.
Congress decision to cut $50 from WMATAs annual $150 million for capital safety improvements will recklessly undercut Metros safety efforts in the coming months.
Along with the entire region, I am making every effort to restore full funding to Metro.
Charleston Shooting is a Tragedy for the Nation with a Lesson for the District
Last week, the nation was left reeling from an unspeakable tragedy in Charleston, SC when a gunman opened fire at the historic Emanuel AME Church, killing nine people.
The despair so many of us feel has been comforted by the spirit of forgiveness coming from the people of Charleston.
Our deepest sympathies are with the victims families and with the residents of Charleston.
When the pain starts to subside, we must ask ourselves what we can do to preserve the safety of our citizens going forward.
Here in the District of Columbia, we have special reasons for being alert to keeping guns out of the hands of hate-filled, mentally-ill, or terrorist-driven individuals.
There are bills pending in Congress to eliminate all of D.C.s gun laws, including the bar on bringing concealed guns to the nations capital.
In the wake of the Charleston tragedy, we must fight Members of Congress who want to rob the nations capital of our gun safety laws.
Washington Monument Elevator Is Safe to Ride
After the Washington Monuments elevator broke down at the beginning of tourist season for a second straight year due to electrical problems, I met with National Park Service (NPS) officials last week to determine if NPS had a permanent solution .
They assured me that the elevator is safe and that the cause was an external electrical problem.
If another electrical surge occurs, the elevator will deliver passengers to the nearest level and a park ranger, who is in the elevator at all times to ensure passengers safety, will help escort passengers off the elevator.
NPS also told me that the electrical surge is not an internal issue with the Monument or the elevator itself, but rather with the external power source not controlled by NPS.
They have set up four monitors to collect the necessary data in order to pinpoint an exact cause should there be another issue.
I encourage all residents to visit the Monument as they usually would.
As Republicans Continue Assault on D.C. Laws, Taking the Fight to the House Floor
Last week, the House Appropriations Committee passed the fiscal year 2016 District of Columbia Appropriations bill, which blocks D.C. from spending its local funds on abortion services for low income women, to enforce the Reproductive Health Non-Discrimination Act, and to legalize the sale of marijuana.
The Reproductive Health Non-Discrimination Act prohibits employers in D.C. from discriminating based on employees reproductive health decisions.
The committee voted against an amendment to remove the abortion rider.
However, I was grateful by the overwhelming support from my Democratic colleagues, who stood up for home rule.
When the appropriations bill comes to the House floor, I will force a floor vote to remove all anti-democratic riders included in the bill
and any new ones that may be offered.
No member will get a free pass for voting to violate the District of Columbias right to self-government.
Requesting a Meeting with FAA to Address Neighborhood Helicopter Noise
Last week, I wrote to the Federal Aviation Administration (FAA) to arrange a meeting to discuss persistent helicopter noise
throughout the day and night affecting several Northwest and Northeast District of Columbia neighborhoods.
Residents describe persistent noise from helicopters hovering near their homes throughout the day and night to the point where their homes are shaking and vibrating.
This is unacceptable, and I hope to see progress on this issue after meeting with the FAA.
Upcoming Event: Norton Job Fair!
August 21, 2015. More details coming soon.
doctype html
Congresswoman Nortons e-Newsletter
June 22, 2015
Celebrating Frederick Douglass Two-Year Anniversary in the U.S. Capitol!
June 19, 2015, marked two years since the District of Columbia got its first statue placed in the U.S. Capitol.
To mark
the occasion, I went and visited Frederick Douglass statue.
We fought for it as part of our fight for statehoodonly states have statues in the Capitol.
I encourage all D.C organizations and schools to contact our office to arrange for me to take them to
visit Douglass statue, sit on the House floor itself, and visit sites of special interest to residents.
Visit my website ( https://norton.house.gov/services/tours-and-tickets )
or call my office at 202-408-9041 to request your U.S. Capitol tour.
Putting a 2 nd
D.C. Statue in the Capitol
I also am working to give D.C. a second statue in the U.S. Capitol, which would make it equal to the 50 states.
I introduced a bill to permanently place a statue depicting
Pierre LEnfant , a District of Columbia citizen and the designer of the citys master plan, in the Capitol.
In response to a D.C. Commission on the Arts and Humanities (DCCAH)
competition for D.C. statues in the Capitol in 2006, D.C. residents chose LEnfant, as well as Frederick Douglass, among the top ten Americans who have given distinguished service to the District.
The DCCAH selection committee then chose LEnfant and Douglass
to be commissioned.
The LEnfant statue is currently on display in D.C.s One Judiciary Square Office Building.
A second statue in the Capitol would give D.C. residents the full recognition they deserve among the states, and would embolden our resolve for
statehood.
With Memorial Bridge Metrobus Ban Starting Today, Time to Pass My Bill to Fix Roads, Bridges, and Transit
Today is the day of reckoning for District of Columbia and regional residents who rely on Metrobus to commute across the
Arlington Memorial Bridge.
The National Park Service today began enforcing a 10-ten load limit, banning Metro and tour buses from crossing the bridge.
Not only does this hurt regional residents by further clogging our roads, but tour buses are also restricted
from using the bridge, which hurts our tourist-based economy.
Congress is to blame for this shameful calamity.
While Memorial Bridge has crumbled in plain sight for years, Congress
has refused to pass a long-term surface transportation bill and caused a crisis for our nations infrastructure.
As the top Democrat on the Highways and Transit Subcommittee, I have been trying for months to get the Republican majority to move a long-term
transportation bill.
I also introduced a special bill to rebuild federal roads and bridges like Arlington Memorial Bridge , which are unique in that they must be funded entirely with federal dollars.
Memorial Bridge was first built as a symbol of our national strength and as
a gateway in one direction to Arlington Cemetery and in the other to the historic Mall monuments.
Now it is a symbol of congressional weakness and dysfunction.
Perhaps this watershed moment will get Congress to get its act together and do the responsible
thing by passing the administrations long-term, six-year surface transportation bill, which I have introduced, to fix our nations roads, bridges, and transit systems.
Federal WMATA Safety Report Shows Urgent Need for Oversight Reform and Restoration of Federal Safety Funding
Last
week, the Federal Transit Administration (FTA) released a report on its major safety inspection of the Washington Metropolitan Area Transit Authoritys (WMATA) rail and bus systems .
Although the FTA said Metro is not unsafe, major changes in WMATAs regional oversight and an increase in staffing and training resources are essential to erasing a significant gap in safety for both riders and WMATA employees.
Metro has made some progress
since the horrific 2009 Red Line crash that killed nine D.C.-area residents, but it still has a safety culture problem.
Major changes are needed, but as the FTA Acting Administrator said,
You cannot starve a transit agency into safety compliance or a state of good repair.
Congress decision to cut $50 from WMATAs annual $150 million for capital safety improvements will recklessly undercut Metros safety efforts in the coming months.
Along with the entire region, I am making every effort to restore full funding to Metro.
Charleston Shooting is a Tragedy for the Nation with a Lesson for the District
Last week, the nation was left reeling from an unspeakable tragedy in Charleston, SC when a gunman opened fire at the historic
Emanuel AME Church, killing nine people.
The despair so many of us feel has been comforted by the spirit of forgiveness coming from the people of Charleston.
Our deepest sympathies are with the victims families and with the residents of Charleston.
When
the pain starts to subside, we must ask ourselves what we can do to preserve the safety of our citizens going forward.
Here in the District of Columbia, we have special reasons for being alert to keeping guns out of the hands of hate-filled, mentally-ill,
or terrorist-driven individuals.
There are bills pending in Congress to eliminate all of D.C.s gun laws, including the bar on bringing concealed guns to the nations capital.
In the wake of the Charleston tragedy, we must fight Members of Congress who want
to rob the nations capital of our gun safety laws.
Washington Monument Elevator Is Safe to Ride
After the Washington Monuments elevator broke down at the beginning of tourist season for a second straight year due to
electrical problems,
I met with National Park
Service (NPS) officials last week to determine if NPS had a permanent solution .
They assured me that
the
elevator is safe and that the cause was an external electrical problem.
If another electrical surge occurs, the elevator will deliver passengers to the nearest level and a park ranger, who
is in the elevator at all times to ensure passengers safety, will help escort passengers off the elevator.
NPS also told me that the electrical surge is not an internal issue with the Monument or the elevator itself, but rather with the external power source
not controlled by NPS.
They have set up four monitors to collect the necessary data in order to pinpoint an exact cause should there be another issue.
I encourage all residents to visit the Monument as they usually would.
As Republicans Continue Assault on D.C. Laws, Taking the Fight to the House Floor
Last week, the House Appropriations Committee passed the fiscal year 2016 District of Columbia Appropriations bill, which
blocks D.C. from spending its local funds on abortion services for low income women, to enforce the Reproductive Health Non-Discrimination Act, and to legalize the sale of marijuana.
The Reproductive Health Non-Discrimination Act prohibits employers in D.C.
from discriminating based on employees reproductive health decisions.
The committee voted against an amendment to remove the abortion rider.
However, I was grateful by the overwhelming support from my Democratic colleagues, who stood up for home rule.
When the appropriations bill comes to the House floor,
I will force a floor vote to remove all anti-democratic riders included in the bill
and any new ones that may be offered .
No member will get a free pass for voting to violate the District of Columbias right to self-government.
Requesting a Meeting with FAA to Address Neighborhood Helicopter Noise
Last
week, I wrote to the Federal Aviation Administration (FAA) to arrange a meeting to discuss persistent helicopter noise
throughout the day and night affecting several Northwest
and Northeast District of Columbia neighborhoods.
Residents describe persistent noise from helicopters hovering near their homes throughout the day and night to the point where their homes are shaking and vibrating.
This is unacceptable, and I hope to see
progress on this issue after meeting with the FAA.
Upcoming Event: Norton Job Fair!
August 21, 2015 . More details coming soon.
Thanks for subscribing!
Follow Congresswoman Norton on
Facebook ,
Twitter ,
Instagram ,
YouTube , or her
website
for more updates.
Capitol Hill Office
2136 Rayburn HOB
Washington, D.C. 20515
Phone: (202) 225-8050
Fax: (202) 225-3002
S.E. District Office
2041 Martin Luther King Jr. Ave., S.E.
Washington, D.C. 20020
Phone: (202) 678-8900
Fax: (202) 678-8844
Main District Office
90 K Street, N.E., Suite 100
Washington DC 20001
Phone: (202) 408-9041
Fax: (202) 408-9048
To unsubscribe from our list, please click here .
