Copyright (c) 1996-2015 Constant Contact. All rights reserved.
Except as permitted under a separate
written agreement with Constant Contact, neither the Constant Contact software, nor any content that appears on any Constant Contact site,
including but not limited to, web pages, newsletters, or templates may be reproduced, republished, repurposed, or distributed without the
prior written permission of Constant Contact.
For inquiries regarding reproduction or distribution of any Constant Contact material, please
contact legal@constantcontact.com.
Mike Kelly's Weekly E-Newsletter
June 22, 2015
Follow me on Twitter!
Visit my YouTube page!
Click here to subscribe to my weekly
E-newsletter
My Offices
ERIE DISTRICT OFFICE 208 E. Bayfront Parkway Suite 102 Erie, PA 16507 Phone: (814) 454-8190 Fax: (814) 454-8197
BUTLER DISTRICT OFFICE
101 East Diamond St Suite 218 Butler, PA
16001 Phone: (724) 282-2557
Fax: (724) 282-3682
SHARON DISTRICT OFFICE
33 Chestnut Street Sharon, PA
16146 Phone: (724) 342-7170 Fax: (724) 342-7242
WASHINGTON, DC OFFICE
1519 Longworth HOB Washington, DC 20515 Phone: (202) 225-5406 Fax: (202) 225-3103
CRAWFORD COUNTY OFFICE Every Wednesday 9:00 a.m. - 4:00 p.m. 908 Diamond Park Meadville, PA 16335
ARMSTRONG COUNTY OFFICE
Every Thursday 9:00 a.m. - 4:00 p.m. 300 South McKean Street Kittanning, PA 16201
LAWRENCE COUNTY
Every Friday 9:00 a.m. - 4: 00 p.m. Lawrence County Courthouse 430 Court Street New Castle, PA
16101
Dear Friend, I hope you had a wonderful Father's Day weekend, and for those of you who are dads or granddads, I hope your holiday was happy and relaxing!
Last week, I had the great pleasure of congratulating not one, but TWO Pennsylvania State Champion baseball teams from our district on the floor of the House of Representatives.
Both
the Neshannock High Lancers
and
the Knoch High Knights
capped off historic seasons earlier this month to take home the PIAA Class AA and AAA baseball championships respectively. I t was the Lancers' second baseball state title in school history and the first state title in any sport for the Knoch Knights.
It takes a lot of special people and hard work to mold a champion, so I was very happy to offer a sincere "thank you" to the players, to their families, and to Lancer Coach Mike Kirkwood and Knight Coach George Bradley for bringing not just a championship to our communities, but, just as importantly, the pride that comes with it. WATCH MY FLOOR SPEECH HERE
Go Lancers and go Knights!
Sincerely,
Rep. Kelly
Praises
House Passage of Trade Promotion Authority
Hails conservative victory as
"win for America"
WATCH HERE
&
HERE
Rep. Kelly -- a member of the House Ways and Means Committee -- issued the following statement last Thursday in support of
the Bipartisan Congressional Trade Priorities and Accountability Act of 2015 , which was passed by the House of Representatives that afternoon with bipartisan support. The legislation will enact
Trade Promotion Authority
(TPA) for Congress and the Executive Branch and is similar to H.R. 1890,
which was approved
by the Ways and Means Committee on April 23, 2015. Last week's bill differs from H.R. 1890 in that it includes additional trade negotiation objectives regarding foreign currency manipulation, religious freedom, and human trafficking.
Statement by Rep. Kelly on passage of TPA:
"Today is a victorious day for those of us who want to strengthen our country, grow our economy, and create new jobs for Americans. With TPA, Congress will have unprecedented oversight power to guarantee the strongest possible trade deals for America. With TPA, Congress - not the president - will always be in the driver's seat and writing the rules of the negotiating road. With TPA, the United States - not China - will continue to write the rules of the global economy. That is why the passage of today's bill is a win for accountability, a win for oversight, a win for transparency, a win for Congress, and a win for America."
Excerpt of Rep. Kelly's floor speech on TPA (6/12/2015):
"If you want really strong trade agreements, then you have to be in a position to negotiate those. ... If we're not at the table, we're on the menu. ... Trade Promotion Authority is the only thing that gives [Congress] the ability to drive strong trade agreements to make sure that every single American is taken care of. ... For those of us who don't trust the president's judgment, then TPA is absolutely necessary. It's not an option. ... TPA gives us the ability to grow the American economy, grow American jobs, and make America more safe and secure, and it gives our partners around the world the certainty that America has not walked away from the table."
Excerpt of
Rep. Kelly's op-ed on TPA for TIME :
"Considering all of the ironclad boxes that a president would have to check in order to turn his or her desired trade deal into reality, there is really nothing 'fast' about TPA at all. In truth, a more accurate nickname for it would be 'safe track' or even 'smart track.' With TPA enacted, caution and wisdom in the name of American interests will accompany a trade deal's creation from start to finish."
NOTE:
Expert analysis demonstrating how trade economically benefits Pennsylvania's 3rd District as well as the state and nation at large can be found
here ,
here ,
here ,
here , and
here .
House Unanimously Passes Kelly Bill to
Improve Medicare Advantage Transparency
Part of House effort to strengthen Medicare Advantage,
protect workers & seniors from Obamacare
WATCH HERE
Rep. Kelly delivered remarks on the floor of the House of Representatives last Wednesday evening in support of H.R. 2505,
the Medicare Advantage Coverage Transparency Act ,
which he introduced on May 21, 2015, and which was subsequently passed with unanimous support. The legislation will improve Medicare Advantage transparency by requiring the Department of Health and Human Services (HHS) to provide an annual report on the program's enrollment data to Congress, and is co-sponsored by Rep. Ron Kind (D-WI) and Rep. Gus Bilirakis (R-FL). The bill was considered as part of
a series of legislation to strengthen Medicare Advantage and make commonsense reforms to the nation's health care system . The House also passed
the Protect Medical Innovation Act
(H.R. 160) and will consider
the Protecting Seniors' Access to Medicare Act
(H.R. 1190) this week. Rep. Kelly strongly supports both bills.
Excerpt of Rep. Kelly's floor speech in support of H.R. 2505:
"Congress and the Obama administration ought to be fostering a culture of openness and transparency when legislating and making decisions here in Washington. That is what this legislation is all about: providing more transparency to the American people about their health care, specifically Medicare Advantage coverage. ... With the passage of H.R. 2505, the [Centers for Medicare & Medicaid Services] will be required to provide additional information on Medicare Advantage enrollment based on zip code, congressional district, and state. ... The purpose of this additional data is to provide greater information to the public, to policymakers, and to the healthcare community so they may have the benefit of more and better information when making decisions."
Statement by Rep. Ron Kind (D-WI):
"As we work to increase transparency and efficiency in programs like Medicare Advantage we need the most up-to-date information on enrollment. This legislation increases transparency and ensures Congress is provided the most accurate and comprehensive information to guide their decision making. Thank you to Rep. Kelly for his dedication to making this program more transparent and efficient."
Statement by Rep. Kelly in support of
H.R. 160
(to repeal Obamacare's medical device tax) and
H.R. 1190
(to repeal Obamacare's Independent Payment Advisory Board):
"The medical device tax is a severely unfair, unwise, and unpopular attack on American manufacturers and importers of life-saving products. This senseless provision in Obamacare is killing jobs, hurting workers' paychecks, and putting American patients at risk. It should be stopped in its tracks and permanently repealed. H.R. 160 will finally do this.
"One of the most ominous components of Obamacare has always been the creation of a new government control panel known as the Independent Payment Advisory Board. Obamacare's creators seem to think that 15 unelected and unaccountable Washington bureaucrats deserve the power to decide personal medical choices for seniors. I believe that no government acronym, bureaucrat, or board can ever substitute for the good judgment of a chosen family doctor. H.R. 1190 will put a stop to this reckless government intrusion."
WEEKLY PHOTOS
Rep. Kelly re-read the text of the legislation to enact Trade Promotion Authority (TPA) before voting for it last Thursday. You can read the full bill for yourself here.
Forward this email This email was sent to dj724530@gmail.com by
thomas.qualtere@mail.house.gov
|
Update Profile/Email Address
|
Rapid removal with
SafeUnsubscribe &trade;
|
Privacy Policy . The Office of Representative Mike Kelly
|
1519 Longworth House Office Building
|
Washington
|
DC
|
20515
