
Appeals Court Blocks Amnesty Executive Orders
Last week, the United States Court of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit denied the Obama Administrations request to lift a hold on the presidents executive actions on immigration to grant amnesty. The ruling comes in a lawsuit by 26 states, including Georgia, aimed at permanently stopping the executive orders.
In February, United States District Judge Andrew Hanen granted a preliminary injunction on the executive orders temporarily placing them on hold. The appeals court last week found that the states do have sufficient legal grounds to bring the lawsuit, pushing the lawsuit forward in the legal process and continuing the ban on the administrations implementation of the unprecedented executive actions.
This is a big win in our fight to stop the presidents blatant overreach on amnesty. The Fifth Circuit has provided yet another warning to the president that he will not get away with unilaterally rewriting our nations immigration laws. Every branch of government
including President Obama himself
has made clear that this approach to backdoor amnesty is unconstitutional.
I've been fighting against the Obama Administrations plan to grant amnesty to illegal immigrants. I have voted twice to reject any funding for the executive orders and I recently joined this court battle by signing an
amicus brief
to support the lawsuit brought by the states.
I look forward to seeing this case progress. Rest assured, I will remain steadfast in my fight to stand for the rule of law and restore the balance of power laid out in the Constitution.
From our Nation's Capitol XXI
Monday, May 25, 2015:
It was indeed an honor to address the graduating class of First Presbyterian Christian Academy in Hinesville on Saturday.
This fine group of 13 seniors is some of the best and brightest in our community and I look forward with great anticipation to the future accomplishments I am certain they all will achieve.
Today is Memorial Day and I am honored to be speaking at two services this morning.
All across America, and certainly here in the First District, memorials and parks have been built to honor our veterans and those who have given the ultimate price for our country.
I begin in Bloomingdale where I am joined by my good friend, retiring Emmy Award winning news anchor Sonny Dixon, who does his usual outstanding job leading the service despite some light rain.
Afterwards I head over to Richmond Hill where, alongside Mayor Harold Fowler, I have the opportunity to participate in their service at J.F. Gregory Park.
Later that afternoon, Amy and I travel down to St. Simons Island to participate in the Rotary Clubs annual Taps at Twilight service.
This wonderful event, held overlooking the Atlantic Ocean, is a mix of patriotic music and inspirational messages.
This year we hear from retired Gen. Jim Livingston from Towns, Georgia, who delivers an outstanding message.
Tuesday, May 26, 2015:
My day begins with a visit to the Pooler location of Atlantic Radiology where I have the opportunity to meet with physicians and staff to discuss the challenges facing this important medical service.
Next I head to the groundbreaking ceremony of the I-95 welcome center in Port Wentworth where I am joined by a number of elected officials as well as those with interests in transportation and tourism.
This much needed project will provide a great welcome mat for those visitors entering our state from South Carolina traveling south on I-95 and would not have been possible without the tireless efforts of First District Board of Transportation member Ann Purcell.
Next, I meet with Savannah businessman and Cuban American Mario de la Guardia, Sr. to discuss my pending trip to Cuba later this week.
Wednesday, May 27, 2015:
I have often said that the First Congressional District is an area rich in history and tradition but perhaps our greatest times still lie ahead of us.
This is certainly true today in Richmond Hill and Bryan County as we celebrate the grand opening of Caesarstone, a leading developer and manufacturer of premium quartz surfaces.
This is the Israeli based companys third production facility and first in the United States and will create around 200 jobs in Bryan County. After this momentous event, I meet with Israeli Consul General to the Southeast Opher Airan, who is usually in Atlanta but is in the area to attend the grand opening of this fine Israeli company. Afterwards, I head to the Savannah-Hilton Head Airport to meet with Executive Director Greg Kelly and board member Shirley James to discuss federal issues impacting the airport and to tour their security services. I also have the opportunity to meet with local TSA director James Scott for a tour of their facilities before boarding a flight to Miami where I will spend the night before traveling to Cuba tomorrow morning.
Thursday, May 28, 2015 - Sunday, May 31, 2015:
I am spending this weekend in Cuba with four other Members of Congress as guests of the Center for Democracy in the Americas, a non-profit group whose mission is to improve relations between the United States and Latin American countries.
Including a business trip to Canada many years ago, this is only the second time I have ever been out of the country. During my time in Cuba, I had the opportunity to meet with Cuban officials, tour key infrastructure projects, and interact with the citizens of Cuba. It is important and I am thankful I had the opportunity to take this trip as the Obama Administration is attempting to move forward with vast changes on the relations of our nations and ending Americas embargo on their country. These actions will have immense impacts and its important Congress is educated on the repercussions. I will have more to report on the trip and my thoughts on US-Cuba relations in the coming days. Stay tuned.
WEBSITE
|
UNSUBSCRIBE
|
CONTACT
