
If you are
having trouble viewing this message or would like to share it on a social
network, you can
view
the message online .
About
Contact
Services
Media
Center
Legislation
Issues
Resources
June 14, 2015
Friends,
When it comes to job creation and
economic growth, bureaucrats in Washington are experts at building
roadblocks.
Theres no doubt their obstructionism, led by
President Obama and his Environmental Protection Agency (EPA), is taking
our economy in the wrong direction. In fact, federal regulation and
intervention cost our economy an estimated $1.88 trillion last year alone.
Despite their obstructionism, many of North Carolinas industries
have done a tremendous job growing, investing in our state and providing
good-paying jobs.
But what we see down the road puts us all at
risk.
The Obama administration wants to
strengthen its hold on the economy by tightening existing standards for
ground-level ozone.
Ground-level ozone is created by chemical
reactions between sunlight and emissions by cars, trucks, tractors, power
plants, factories, and consumer products like spray paint and hair
sprays. But it doesnt only occur from human action - it occurs naturally
from plants, fires, lightning and animals. While some of it occurs
right here in the United States, we also face a surge of ozone coming
from China and Mexico.
According to the EPAs own data and
research, our air is getting cleaner under existing standards, with
ozone levels declining more than 30% since 1980.
Yet, its
capriciously proposing lowering the national ozone standard from 75 parts
per billion (ppb) to between 65 and 70 ppb and is taking comment on 60
ppb. This comes at a time when states are already spending billions of
dollars to reduce air pollution and scrambling to be in compliance
with the current
standard.
This proposed rule is so strict that its
at or below naturally occurring levels in some of our state and
national parks.
Take Yellowstone National Park, where peak ozone
levels are approximately 67 ppb - can you imagine a pristine wilderness
retreat not being in compliance with the EPA? Its
mind-boggling.
The EPA is refusing to face the fact that this standard is simply
unworkable.
A study commissioned by the National Association of
Manufacturers said the EPAs new rule will cost Americas economy over
$140 billion a year between 2017 and 2040. It could lead to over 1.4
million fewer U.S. jobs, and costs and job loss will be even higher if
the EPA finalizes a 60 ppb standard.
This could end up being
the most expensive, sweeping regulation to
date.
The long and short of it is this proposed rule would have a detrimental
impact on jobs right here at home.
These changes will drive
many counties across North Carolina into nonattainment and make it
significantly more difficult - if not impossible - for new construction
and expansion.
In fact, 77 counties in our state would be in
noncompliance with the lower EPA standard of 65 ppb, leaving local
governments to find ways to offset emissions in order to attract and develop
new businesses.
The EPA has even gone as far as to suggest
that communities in violation reduce speed limits, reduce construction
hours, restrict the use of backyard barbecues, and even implement
idling restrictions for cars. Regulations that waste our time, money and
resources are bad as it is, but worse are those that drag down our
economy and kill jobs.
Because of this ridiculous red-tape, new
highway projects or construction of critical infrastructure will face months
of delay. If one manufacturer wants to expand, it has to find another
one that will cut back. This means all across our great state, power
plants would shut down, manufacturing would stop and jobs would be
lost, bringing any economic growth to a screeching halt.
If, God
forbid, the EPA pushes 60 ppb, your county wouldnt be in compliance,
putting vital jobs and the livelihood of you and your neighbors at
risk.
Last week, I joined my colleagues on the House Energy
and Commerce Subcommittee on Energy and Power to examine the proposed
ozone rule. The EPA had nothing to show that convinced me the merits
of this proposed rule.
Too many folks are out of work, and the
last thing our government should be doing is mandating new rules that
hinder job creation and economic growth in exchange for uncertain
benefits. Ill continue to fight for North Carolina and against the EPAs
job-killing
regulations.
Until next week,
Richard
Hudson
Member of Congress (NC-08)
Concord Office
325 McGill
Ave, NW
Suite 500
Concord, NC
28027
Phone: (704) 7861612
Rockingham Office
1015
Fayetteville Rd
Rockingham, NC 28379
Phone: (910) 9972070
Washington D.C. Office
429
Cannon HOB
Washington, DC 20515
Phone: (202) 2253715
Unsubscribe
|
Update My Profile
|
Privacy Policy
