
North Star Newsletter | June 2015
Opening Trade and Tourism Opportunities with Cuba
Last week, I had the opportunity to take a congressional trip to Cuba to explore ways that our two countries can further open relations through trade and tourism. My particular focus on the trip was how expanding trade opportunities could benefit Minnesota industries, especially for our agriculture producers and in our energy sector.
I had the chance to meet with officials from the Cuban Ministries of Agriculture and Commerce, executives from the telecom industry, a variety of Cuban business owners, and many others. We discussed topics including how to begin opening markets for U.S. farmers, opportunities for U.S. companies to participate in the expansion of telecommunications infrastructure, expanding ecotourism, and ways that advanced energy technology may benefit Cuba.
The trip was led by Sen. Tom Udall of New Mexico and included U.S. Reps. Ra&uacute;l Grijalva of Arizona and John Larson of Connecticut. It will still take time to work out the details of this new era in our relationship with Cuba, but I look forward to finding ways to put Minnesota at the forefront as we continue to improve the relationship between our two countries.
Getting the Renewable Fuel Standard Back on Track
When I go around Minnesota and talk to our farmers and rural businesses, I'm always asked about the Renewable Fuel Standard, or RFS. The RFS is our nation's policy on how renewable fuels like biodiesel and ethanol are blended into our fuel supply.
I have been pressing the Obama Administration on this issue since a proposal for a weaker RFS was announced last year. And just last week, the Environmental Protection Agency announced long-awaited new proposed levels that start to get the RFS back on track. But they still aren't strong enough.
The RFS has been very important to our state for several reasons&mdash;it creates jobs in Minnesota, increases demand for farm products, cuts our dependence on foreign oil, reduces our carbon footprint, and helps keep prices at the pump in check. I will continue to fight for a strong RFS, because it's good for Minnesota and the rest of our country.
Fourth Annual Poetry Contest for Minnesota Students a Success
I was very pleased to congratulate the nine talented young Minnesotans who were selected as winners of my fourth annual Poetry Contest for Minnesota Students last week. I hold the contest each April to recognize both the "Month of the Military Child" and "National Poetry Month." This year I asked students to submit poems with the theme "Celebrating the Veteran in My Life." The event is designed to thank Minnesota families for their sacrifices while a friend or loved one serves in the military.
This year's contest judges included Minnesota Commissioner of Veterans Affairs Larry Shellito, Adjutant General of the Minnesota National Guard Richard Nash, Minnesota Commissioner of Education Brenda Cassellius, Minnesota Poet Laureate Joyce Sutphen; and Command Chief Master Sergeant of the 934th Airlift Wing Bryan Payne.
The top three winners in each of the three age groups&mdash;and their families&mdash;joined me at a special awards ceremony at my St. Paul office, where I will display each of their poems. The first place students also will receive an autographed book from famed Minnesota author Garrison Keillor.
The event once again reminded me that we have a lot of talented young people in Minnesota. You can see photos from the event and read their poems
here .
Reforming Our Government Surveillance Programs
Americans understand&mdash;and I do, as well&mdash;that we need to safeguard national security without trampling on our citizens' fundamental privacy rights. But the public can't know if the government succeeds in striking that balance if they don't have even the most basic information about major government surveillance programs.
Since details about the controversial NSA programs were revealed a couple years ago, my focus has been on increasing transparency. I want to make sure that the American people are able to decide for themselves whether the government is getting things right. And that's why I wrote transparency measures into the surveillance reform bill&mdash;known as the USA FREEDOM Act&mdash;that Congress just passed.
My provisions will let Americans know how many people's records are being collected, and also how often the government is actually searching for Americans' data. That will let Americans determine for themselves whether the right balance is being struck to protect both national security and privacy.
I am pleased that the Senate finally passed these much needed reforms and that the President signed the USA FREEDOM Act into law.
To unsubscribe from these newsletters, please visit the unsubscribe page here: http://franken.senate.gov/?p=newsletter_unsub
