Copyright (c) 1996-2015 Constant Contact. All rights reserved.
Except as permitted under a separate
written agreement with Constant Contact, neither the Constant Contact software, nor any content that appears on any Constant Contact site,
including but not limited to, web pages, newsletters, or templates may be reproduced, republished, repurposed, or distributed without the
prior written permission of Constant Contact.
For inquiries regarding reproduction or distribution of any Constant Contact material, please
contact legal@constantcontact.com.
Mike Kelly's Weekly E-Newsletter
May 18, 2015
Follow me on Twitter!
Visit my YouTube page!
Click here to subscribe to my weekly
E-newsletter
My Offices
ERIE DISTRICT OFFICE 208 E. Bayfront Parkway Suite 102 Erie, PA 16507 Phone: (814) 454-8190 Fax: (814) 454-8197
BUTLER DISTRICT OFFICE
101 East Diamond St Suite 218 Butler, PA
16001 Phone: (724) 282-2557
Fax: (724) 282-3682
SHARON DISTRICT OFFICE
33 Chestnut Street Sharon, PA
16146 Phone: (724) 342-7170 Fax: (724) 342-7242
WASHINGTON, DC OFFICE
1519 Longworth HOB Washington, DC 20515 Phone: (202) 225-5406 Fax: (202) 225-3103
CRAWFORD COUNTY OFFICE Every Wednesday 9:00 a.m. - 4:00 p.m. 908 Diamond Park Meadville, PA 16335
ARMSTRONG COUNTY OFFICE
Every Thursday 9:00 a.m. - 4:00 p.m. 300 South McKean Street Kittanning, PA 16201
LAWRENCE COUNTY
Every Friday 9:00 a.m. - 4: 00 p.m. Lawrence County Courthouse 430 Court Street New Castle, PA
16101
Dear Friend, Last Friday, my colleagues and I in the House of Representatives passed
the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2016 , which
will fully fund the United States Armed Forces and ensure that our
troops have all the resources required to successfully defend the
homeland and achieve their missions abroad.
I invite you to read more about it
here .
Also last week, the House overwhelmingly passed
the Iran Nuclear Agreement Review Act
(by a vote
of 400-25) in order to protect our nation and our allies from a bad
deal with the Islamic Republic of Iran Read more about it
here .
As the Obama
administration rushes to cut a deal with the Iranians, even by dangerous
accommodation, Congress must have a voice in the debate. We must have a
strong role in reviewing, accepting, or rejecting any final agreement
betw een our two countries. We must guarantee that Iran will not become a nuclear state -- not in our lifetimes, not ever.
As Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu
proclaimed
to both houses of
Congress in March: "The alternative to a bad deal is a much better
deal."
With a stronger hand at the negotiating table, and with our
congressionally approved sanctions firmly in place, the United States
has a much better shot at achieving one.
Sincerely,
SPECIAL MESSAGE FROM REP. KELLY
As America celebrates National Police Week, I proudly salute every fallen
hero who paid the ultimate sacrifice to protect and serve all of us.
Last week, in gratitude for our nation's heroes in blue, my colleagues and I in the House of Representatives passed four bills to better protect, serve, and honor
law enforcement officers and their families:
The Don't Tax Our Fallen Public Safety Heroes Act
The Defending Public Safety Employees' Retirement Act
The Fallen Heroes Flag Act of 2015 The Rafael Ramos and Wenjian Liu National Blue Alert Act of 2015
House Passes National Defense Bill
with Kelly Amendment to Ban Funding
for UN Arms Trade Treaty
Annual amendment is strongest version to date;
Bans funding for ATT secretariat to "implement" treaty;
Protects Americans from domestic prosecution under treaty
WATCH HERE
Last Friday, the House of Representatives passed H.R. 1735,
the National Defense Authorization Act (NDAA) for Fiscal Year 2016 . The legislation once again included an amendment introduced by U.S. Representative Mike Kelly (R-PA) to continue
the annual ban on funding
by the Department of Defense for the implementation of the U.N. Arms Trade Treaty (ATT). The amendment is the strongest version to date, updating the language of Rep. Kelly's previous amendments that were enacted into law in previous NDAAs.
Excerpts of Rep. Kelly's floor speech:
"This amendment updates and strengthens the language of my amendments that were enacted into law in previous NDAAs.
"First, my amendment explicitly forbids the use of DoD funds to facilitate domestic prosecutions of individual Americans.
"This is a real danger because the Obama administration has already engaged in domestic prosecutions of individuals using treaties. This is unacceptable.
"Second, my amendment specifically bans the use of DoD funds for an ATT secretariat, created for 'effectively implementing' the ATT according to the treaty's supporters.
"Appallingly, ATT backers seek to put the U.S. on the hook to fund the activities of a treaty to which it is not a party. This is also unacceptable.
"In conclusion, we must always uphold our fundamental, individual right to keep and to bear arms which are enshrined in our Constitution.
"We must always uphold our sovereignty and our arms export control system which is the gold standard in the world. "
Rep. Kelly Calls for Passage of
Pain-Capable Unborn Child Protection Act
Bill will ban abortion after 5 months into pregnancy
WATCH HERE
Last Wednesday, Rep. Kelly
delivered remarks on the floor of the House of Representatives in support of H.R. 36,
the Pain-Capable Unborn Child Protection Act , which will federally ban almost all abortions from being performed beyond the 20th week of a pregnancy,
when the unborn child is able to feel pain, with an exception for instances of rape, incest, or when the life of the mother is at stake. The legislation was passed by the House later that evening.
Excerpts of Rep. Kelly's floor speech:
"We have to do this, and I'm going to tell you why:
"Because scientific evidence now shows that unborn babies can feel pain by 20 weeks post-fertilization, and likely even earlier;
"Because a late term abortion is an excruciatingly painful and inhumane act against children waiting to be born and their mothers;
"Because women terminating pregnancies at 20 weeks are 35 times more likely to die from abortion than they are in the first trimester, and 91 times more likely to die from abortion at 21 weeks or beyond;
"Because, after five months into a pregnancy, the baby is undeniably a living, growing human and government's first duty is to protect innocence life;
"Because overwhelmingly,
most Americans
-- and I'm talking about men and women, young and old -- support legislation to protect these innocent people;
"Because
the hideous case of Kermit Gosnell
in Philadelphia is a brutal reminder of what can occur without this type of legislation in place.
"Isn't it amazing that in America's House we have to pass legislation to protect the most innocent life? This is incredible that we have to even come forward and debate this.
"My goodness, this is just so intuitive of who we are, not as Republicans or Democrats, but as human beings. We have to protect the unborn because they cannot protect themselves. Vote 'yes' on this today."
NOTE:
This legislation was considered on
the second anniversary
of the murder conviction of abortionist Kermit Gosnell.
More information about H.R. 36 and fetal pain can be found
here ,
here , and
here .
Rep. Kelly Introduces Defending Internet Freedom Act
of 2015
Bill protects Internet from foreign government, UN control
Last Tuesday,
Rep. Kelly introduced H.R. 2251,
the Defending Internet Freedom Act of 2015 . The legislation would prevent the Obama administration from relinquishing the critical functions of the Internet -- currently stewarded by the United States -- to any other entity without enhanced congressional oversight and until every freedom-protecting accountability requirement
defined in the bill
is completely satisfied. It is being co-sponsored by House Homeland Security Committee Chairman Michael McCaul (R-TX), who also serves as chairman and co-founder of the Congressional High Tech Caucus.
Statement by Rep. Kelly:
"Preserving Internet freedom is an American duty, now and always. The Obama administration's plan to transfer governance of the Internet to 'the global multistakeholder community' deserves serious scrutiny. A relinquishment of this magnitude must be handled with extreme caution and delicacy. That is why this bill's requirements are strict, far-reaching, and non-negotiable. They will prevent the Internet and its countless offerings from ever being disrupted by a foreign power or group of powers, including the UN. For the sake of the Internet's future, and the billions of people worldwide who benefit from it, we must never allow this vital tool to fall under the influence of any entity that does not cherish free speech and democratic principles as we do."
Endorsements for the Defending Internet Freedom Act of 2015 include:
American Center for Law and Justice
Eagle Forum
Heritage Action for America
BACKGROUND:
On March 14, 2014, the Obama administration
announced
that it will not renew the National Telecommunications and Information Administration's (NTIA) contract with the Internet Corporation for Assigned Names and Numbers (ICANN), thereby turning over stewardship of the Internet's crucial functions to "the global multistakeholder community." The Internet Assigned Numbers Authority (IANA) functions contract expires on September 30, 2015, but the NTIA has an option to extend the contract until September 30, 2017, and an option to extend it until September 30, 2019.
According to media expert Gordon Crovitz, writing in
The Wall Street Journal , "Russia, China and other authoritarian governments have already been working to redesign the Internet more to their liking, and now they will no doubt leap to fill the power vacuum caused by America's unilateral retreat."
On June 11, 2014, Rep. Kelly authored a guest op-ed for
Red Alert Politics
describing the stakes of surrendering American stewardship of the Internet to a multinational body or any other entity. On July 15, 2014, Rep. Kelly hosted
a policy briefing
on Capitol Hill on the future of Internet governance in light of the Obama administration's announcement. The briefing was attended by dozens of congressional staffers and featured professional analysis by three field experts.
On November 19, 2014, Rep. Kelly
introduced
the Defending Internet Freedom Act of 2014 (H.R. 5737), which would prevent the Obama administration, or that of any future president, from relinquishing the critical functions of the Internet to any other entity without enhanced congressional oversight and until explicit, freedom-protecting requirements are met.
Rep. Kelly's Op-Ed at
RealClearPolitics
Marks Second Anniversary of IRS Targeting Scandal
" Even the most despicable abuses of power can become reality"
On Friday, May 8th,
Rep. Kelly -- a member of the House Ways and Means Committee -- authored a guest opinion piece published by
RealClearPolitics
to address the second anniversary of the breaking of the targeting scandal at the Internal Revenue Agency (IRS) and the importance of restoring the American public's trust in government.
Excerpts of
Our Chance to Curb IRS Corruption
by Rep. Mike Kelly:
Today, [the] crucial trust between the American citizenry and its government is in shreds. According to a recent Pew Research study, only 23 percent of Americans trust the federal government "to do the right thing at least most of the time." A shameful anniversary this weekend provides a partial yet powerful reminder for how we got here.
Two years ago this Sunday, America learned that federal agents at the Internal Revenue Service -- already the most feared federal agency, by far -- had used their daunting power to target conservative-leaning political organizations for unfair, unthinkable abuse.
...
It turned out that in the land of the free, holding beliefs not blessed by those in power could come with consequences. To many, it seemed that the bullying practices of a Third World autocracy had found a new home.
A Pandora's box had been opened and eventually the scandal took several sharp turns for the worse.
One of these turns came when the IRS admitted it had leaked confidential taxpayer information from several conservative groups to outside organizations and left-leaning media outlets.
In June 2013, Dr. John Eastman with the National Organization for Marriage testified before our committee that NOM's private tax information was given to the Human Rights Campaign and subsequently posted on the HRC website and republished by others such as the Huffington Post.
This sort of unauthorized public disclosure of private taxpayer information is a punishable felony. After the practice was exposed, NOM attempted to learn how the IRS was investigating such an outrageous criminal violation of its privacy. Unfortunately, the same statute which prohibits the disclosure of a taxpayer's confidential tax information also prevents any disclosure of the culprit of that very crime. The IRS seized the excuse. Thus, Dr. Eastman, along with many other victims like him, have been completely stonewalled to this very day.
Fortunately, this particular problem is as fixable as this entire scandal was preventable.
Last month, the House of Representatives unanimously passed a series of bills to stop future IRS abuse and restore both accountability and transparency to the scandalized agency. One of these bills was my Taxpayer Knowledge of IRS Investigations Act (H.R. 1026), which will change the tax code so that victims of IRS leaks can finally get answers to simple questions like "Who leaked my information?" and "What's being done to prevent it from happening again?"
...
[A]s history has taught us, as long as governments are operated by men and not angels, even the most despicable abuses of power can become reality, and then must be dealt with.
With Congress now in Republican control, I am hopeful that reasonable measures to end IRS corruption can finally make it to President Obama's desk. There, he can join the legislative branch in taking a small first step -- albeit a necessary one -- in closing the dangerous gap between the public and their government that has undeniably widened under his administration's watch.
Ultimately, why does this matter?
Because the legitimacy of our democratic government still depends on public trust. Because every American, by virtue of his or her citizenship, ought to have complete confidence in the integrity of our system. Because, two years after the unthinkable at the IRS became reality, that integrity has still not been restored and, in fact, is only further crumbling.
It's long past time to give the American people a government they can trust again.
NOTE:
Since news of the IRS targeting scandal
first broke
in May 2013, Rep. Kelly has been
a prominent
vocal
leader
in the ongoing
pursuit
for
answers
and
accountability . After earning
a standing ovation for his fierce scolding of then-IRS commissioner Steven Miller
at the Ways and Means Committee's
first-ever hearing
on the scandal,
The Washington Post 's Right Turn blog named Rep. Kelly its "Distinguished Pol of the Week." The
New York Post
declared that Rep. Kelly's words "ought to be emblazoned across the entryway of every IRS office in America."
In response to the scandal, Rep. Kelly introduced
the Government Employee Accountability Act , which would grant all federal agencies the power to fire reckless Senior Executive Service employees (such as
ex-IRS official Lois Lerner ) on the spot, or place them on "investigative leave" without pay. The legislation
was passed by the House of Representatives
on August 1, 2013, as part of the Stop Government Abuse Act (H.R. 2879) by a bipartisan vote of 239-176. Rep. Kelly
re-introduced the bill
on February 4, 2015. On February 26, 2015, Rep. Kelly
introduced
H.R. 1026,
the Taxpayer Knowledge of IRS Investigations Act , which the House unanimously passed on April 15, 2015.
WEEKLY PHOTOS
Last week, Rep. Kelly was presented with the National Safe
Boating Council Confluence Award by Tim Shaeffer and Laurel Anders of
the Pennsylvania Fish and Boat Commission.
_______________________________________
Last
Monday, Rep. Kelly visited the state Capitol in Harrisburg. While there, he met with
leaders in both parties, and, thanks to State Rep. Brad Roae, a history class from Cambridge
Springs High School who were competing in a state history championship at
Millersville University that day.
_______________________________________
On Thursday, May 7th, Rep. Kelly hosted a "town hall meeting" for the 8th grade class at Redbank Valley
High School in New Bethlehem to help them learn more about the
legislative process and how their government works.
_______________________________________
On Tuesday, May 5th, Rep. Kelly read a book to a class of kids at Maplewood Elementary School in Townville in Crawford County.
Forward this email This email was sent to dj724530@gmail.com by
thomas.qualtere@mail.house.gov
|
Update Profile/Email Address
|
Rapid removal with
SafeUnsubscribe &trade;
|
Privacy Policy . The Office of Representative Mike Kelly
|
1519 Longworth House Office Building
|
Washington
|
DC
|
20515
