DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.0 Transitional//EN" "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml1/DTD/xhtml1-transitional.dtd"
May 6, 2015
Visit My Website
|
Forward to a Friend
| Find me on:
Eliminating Special Interest Tax Handouts
I have introduced the
PTC Elimination Act
with Congressman Mike Pompeo (R-Kan.). This legislation would scale back and repeal the Production Tax Credit (PTC) to bring greater fairness to our tax code and enhance U.S. economic competitiveness.
Since its creation over 20 years ago, the PTC has ballooned from a temporary boost for energy innovation into a massive special interest handout for the fully-matured, multibillion-dollar wind industry. This has distorted the market and come at a huge cost to the American taxpayer.
In fact, the wind industry now regularly produces more energy than the market demands but continues to receive billions of dollars in taxpayer support.
The
PTC Elimination Act
would begin an immediate phase-out of this no longer needed tax credit, completely dismantle its statutory framework, and use the estimated $10 billion in savings to strengthen the competitiveness of American businesses both at home and in the global marketplace. More information about the bill can be found at the links below.
VIDEO:
Marchant Rallies Support for PTC Elimination Act
Marchant, Pompeo Joint Op-Ed in the Daily Signal:
Time to End the Production Tax Credit Once and for All
RedState:
Marchant Steps Up to End Crony Corporate Wind Power Giveaway
Americans for Prosperity:
AFP Supports PTC Elimination Act
American Energy Alliance:
PTC Elimination Act Protects American Families
Cracking Down on Taxpayer Identity Theft
Tax-related identity theft is a growing problem in our nation that has a corrosive effect on its victims and wastes billions of Americans tax dollars each year. A stronger criminal deterrent is needed to better protect the American people and prevent future fraud. Thats why I have introduced the
Taxpayer Identity Theft Prevention and Enforcement Act . By ramping up penalties for tax-related identity theft, this legislation would send a strong message to all scammers and identity thieves: If you prey on honest taxpayers, you will pay a substantial price. That includes increased prison sentences.
More information about the
Taxpayer Identity Theft Prevention and Enforcement Act
can be found
here .
AIPAC Dallas
I was honored to join a bipartisan group of Texas Delegation members in speaking at the AIPAC Dallas Annual Event. Over 1,200 people attended the event to show their support for a strong U.S.-Israel relationship.
Texas Delegation Members (left to right): Eddie Bernice Johnson, Pete Sessions, Louie Gohmert, Kenny Marchant, Marc Veasey, John Ratcliffe
Congressional Art Competition Awards Ceremony
My office hosted the annual Congressional Art Competition awards ceremony this past Saturday at the Tower Gallery in Grapevine. The event also marked the grand opening of the 2015 Congressional Art Competition Exhibit, which features the work of all the 2015 finalists. This free exhibit at the Tower Gallery is open to the public and will run until May 17, 2015.
The grand prize winner of this years Congressional Art Competition was Zhexin Lola Jiang of Creekview High School for her piece entitled
Driving the Herd . Second place went to Paloma Diaz of Uplift North Hills Preparatory for her piece entitled
Dallas . In third place was Erin Branscum of Grapevine High School for her piece entitled
Curly Hair .
All of this years Congressional Art Competition participants displayed an amazing amount of talent. It is a pleasure to recognize these young artists and help encourage them to continue pursing art.
To learn more about the 2015 Congressional Art Competition and view all of the artwork by this years finalists, please click
here .
Quick Links to More Recent News
The House voted
226
197
to adopt a bicameral balanced budget for FY 2016. This is the first joint balanced budget the House and Senate have agreed to in over a decade. More information can be found
here .
The House voted
228
192
to pass
H.J. Res. 43 , legislation I cosponsored that takes steps to block
recent actions
by the D.C. City Council that would infringe upon the rights of conscience of faith-based employers and discriminate against pro-life Americans.
I have been appointed to serve on the influential Ways and Means Subcommittee on Trade. Texas is a global trade leader and has led the nation in exports for the past 12 years in a row. Trade also supports more than one in five Texas jobs. I look forward to serving my constituents as a strong, conservative voice on the Trade Subcommittee as we work to build on and replicate Texas success throughout the nation. My press release on being appointed to the Trade Subcommittee can be found
here .
Click the "Like" button and follow me on Facebook to get daily updates on how I am serving you and the 24th District of Texas.
It is an honor to represent you in Washington and I value your input. Please don't hesitate to contact one of my offices or
send me an email .
UPDATE SUBSCRIPTION OPTIONS
|
PRIVACY POLICY
|
CONTACT US
