
Don't Scapegoat Police
On Thursday afternoon, I delivered a speech on the Senate floor to discuss my support for police officers, and my objection to the president's recently announced restrictions on police access to lifesaving federal equipment.
I cannot stand by and watch the president take away this lifesaving equipment from the brave men and women who dedicate their lives to protecting our communities all across Pennsylvania and America. That is why
I sent a letter
directly to President Obama clearly laying out my concerns with his decision.
We should be thanking our police officers for their service, not scapegoating them. The photo above is at the National Law Enforcement Officers Memorial in Washington, D.C. where Pennsylvania State Trooper Corporal Bryon Dickson's name was recently added. It is a constant reminder of the great sacrifice made by our police men and women.
You can watch my floor speech
here .
Fighting For Victims Of Crime
On Monday morning,
I convened a U.S. Senate Budget Committee field hearing
at the Villanova University School of Law to discuss ways we can cut through red tape and increase the amount of money victims of crime receive from the Crime Victims Fund.
Each year, crime victims go without the services they desperately need. For over a decade, billions of dollars have come into the Crime Victims Fund but those dollars have not been distributed to victims. Instead, the foregone distribution to victims is used as a budget gimmick which pretends to reduce federal spending. It is past time for Congress to stop this practice.
I will continue to work with my colleagues on both sides of the aisle to pass a permanent solution that ensures crime victims receive the funds that they desperately need. You can read more about the field hearing
here .
Supporting Our Law Enforcement
Recently,
my bipartisan legislation
to protect the retirement accounts of federal public safety officers passed the Senate unanimously.
Many federal law enforcement officers, firefighters, and air traffic controllers are eligible to retire at age 50 due to the hazardous and stressful nature of their jobs. However, if they retire and want to withdraw funds from their contribution-based retirement account -- known as the Thrift Savings Plan -- they incur a hefty 10 percent penalty unless they wait until age 55. This penalty imposes an unfair financial hit on these retired workers who want to access the funds in their own retirement plan.
My bipartisan bill eliminates this early withdrawal penalty for some of our longest-serving federal law enforcement officers. We should show our gratitude and appreciation for these dedicated public servants, not impose unfair taxes.
You can read more about this legislation
here .
Working To Confirm Pennsylvania Judges
On Wednesday, I spoke in support of Judge Luis Felipe Restrepo at his U.S. Senate Judiciary Committee confirmation hearing to be the newest judge for the U.S. Court of Appeals for the Third Circuit, based in Philadelphia.
Senator Bob Casey and I have teamed up to see Judge Restrepo's confirmation process through to this point, and we will continue to work together until he is confirmed. Since I joined the Senate in 2011, Sen. Casey and I have worked together to confirm 15 federal judges, and I look forward to Judge Restrepo being number 16.
Only California and New York have seen more judges confirmed in the same time period.
As both a federal magistrate and district judge, Judge Restrepo has served the people of Pennsylvania honorably and with distinction. I believe that he will also make a superb addition to the Third Circuit.
Protecting Jewish Artifacts From The Islamic State
You may have seen recent reports that ISIS is
pillaging and selling off Jewish artifacts
to fund their regime in Iraq and Syria. This is truly heartbreaking. These terrorists have only contempt for things that civilized society hold dear: life, education, history, and culture.
Last year, I reached out to my colleagues across the aisle to protect Torah parchments, ancient prayer books, and other Jewish artifacts that American soldiers found in Iraq. Sens. Richard Blumenthal (D-Conn.), Chuck Schumer (D-N.Y.), and I knew these items would not be safe if they were returned to Iraq.
The State Department came to an agreement with the Iraqi government and the artifacts are now housed at the National Archives and Records Administration in Washington, D.C. You can read more about this issue
here .
ALLENTOWN, PA
PH: (610) 434-1444
ERIE, PA
PH: (814) 453-3010
HARRISBURG, PA
PH: (717) 782-3951
JOHNSTOWN, PA
PH: (814) 266-5970
PHILADELPHIA, PA
PH: (215) 241-1090
PITTSBURGH, PA
PH: (412) 803-3501
SCRANTON, PA
PH: (570) 941-3540
WASHINGTON, D.C.
PH: (202) 224-4254
UNSUBSCRIBE
