
PARAGRAPH TWO here
or on the image above.
Dear Friend,
Thank you for signing up to receive my email newsletter. These
newsletters will cover a variety of topics, including events happening
in Indiana, legislation being considered in Congress, and my
perspective on current issues. My hope is to keep you updated and
informed on how issues in Washington may impact Hoosiers. I welcome
your feedback.
Thanks for reading,
Dan Coats
_____
Iran Nuclear Agreement Review Act Passes Senate
The Senate passed the Iran Nuclear Agreement Review Act this week in a
98 to 1 vote. The legislation would give Congress a role in evaluating
any nuclear deal with Iran and now heads to the House of
Representatives for consideration.
This bill is the only chance Congress has to prevent President Obama
from having a free and independent hand to conclude a flawed agreement
with Iran. This vote sends a strong message to the White House that
Congress has deep concerns about the agreement the administration is
negotiating with Iran. I regard this to be the most consequential issue
of my entire public career so I am pleased this important legislation
passed with strong bipartisan support. The passage of this bill could
very well alter the course of history.
In remarks on the Senate floor this week, I outlined what I believe are
the consequences of failing to pass this bill:
No congressional review period before implementation;
No opportunity for Congress to vote on the agreement;
No limitation on the President's use of waivers to suspend the
sanctions we put in place;
No requirement that Congress receive the deal at all, never mind the
classified annexes that go with it;
No requirement that the President certify Iran is complying;
No mechanism for Congress to rapidly re-impose sanctions in the event
of violations; and
No reporting on Iran's support for terrorism, ballistic missile
development, and human rights violations.
Click here
or on the image above to watch my
speech on the Senate floor.
_____
Pumpkin Donut Marketing Paid for by Taxpayers
In my weekly "Waste of the Week" speech, I discussed a grant program
that allows the Secretary of Agriculture to award competitive grants to
farmers for marketing opportunities.
Through this program, taxpayers are funding a variety of projects,
including processing olives into olive oil, developing and marketing
sparkling wine and hard cider, marketing goat's milk cheese and soap
and providing organic chicken meat to restaurants. Another recipient
received a $44,700 grant to increase sales of its pumpkins and squash -
including pumpkin donuts - as nutritious, locally-produced food.
The federal government should not choose which farmers need taxpayer
dollars to market their products. Picking winners and losers distorts
the role of government and, even worse, wastes taxpayer dollars in
doing so. Over the past ten years, this program handed out over $290
million. This is a pretty sweet deal for grant recipients but pretty
expensive for the taxpayer.
Click here
or on the image above to watch this
week's installment of Waste of the Week.
Coats in the News
Coats Votes For Balanced Budget Conference Report
Senator Coats Receives Medical Device Manufacturers Association
Chairman's Award
Watch: Federal government blows $44,700 to promote pumpkin doughnuts
Reitz senior accepted into Naval Academy
_____
Stay Connected
_____
Coats with Hoosiers
Eighth graders from Kingsway Christian School in Avon asked great
questions about my work as a Senator.
I met some of our country's future leaders when members of the U.S.
Army War College stopped by.
Congratulations to Mackenzie Smith of Borden and Olivia Keith of
Fishers for winning this year's Prudential Spirit of Community Award in
Indiana.
I skyped with students from North Junior High in Evansville. We had a
great discussion about tough votes I've cast as a Senator.
_____
To unsubscribe please
Click Here
Contact Me
Latest News
A message
from Senator Dan Coats
PARAGRAPH
TWO
here
or on the image above.
Dear
Friend,
Thank you for signing up to receive my email
newsletter. These newsletters will cover a variety of topics,
including
events happening in Indiana, legislation being
considered
in Congress, and my perspective on current issues.
My
hope is to keep you updated and informed on how issues in Washington may impact Hoosiers. I welcome your
feedback.
Thanks for reading,
Dan Coats
Iran Nuclear Agreement Review
Act Passes Senate
The
Senate passed the Iran Nuclear Agreement Review Act this week in a 98 to 1 vote. The legislation would
give Congress a role in evaluating any nuclear deal with Iran and now heads to the House of Representatives
for consideration.
This bill is the only chance Congress has to prevent President Obama from having a free and independent
hand to conclude a flawed agreement with Iran. This vote sends a strong message to the White House that
Congress has deep concerns about the agreement the administration is negotiating with Iran. I regard
this to be the most consequential issue of my entire public career so I am pleased this important legislation
passed with strong bipartisan support. The passage of this bill could very well alter the course of history.
In remarks on the Senate floor this week, I outlined what I believe are the consequences of failing
to pass this bill:
&#8226; No congressional review period before implementation; &#8226; No opportunity for
Congress to vote on the agreement; &#8226; No limitation on the President&#8217;s use of waivers
to suspend the sanctions we put in place; &#8226; No requirement that Congress receive the deal
at all, never mind the classified annexes that go with it; &#8226; No requirement that the President
certify Iran is complying; &#8226; No mechanism for Congress to rapidly re-impose sanctions in the
event of violations; and &#8226; No reporting on Iran&#8217;s support for terrorism, ballistic missile
development, and human rights violations.
Click
here
or on the image above
to watch my speech on the Senate floor.
Pumpkin
Donut Marketing Paid for by Taxpayers
In
my weekly &#8220;Waste of the Week&#8221; speech, I discussed a grant program that allows the Secretary
of Agriculture to award competitive grants to farmers for marketing opportunities.
Through this program, taxpayers are funding a variety of projects, including processing olives
into olive oil, developing and marketing sparkling wine and hard cider, marketing goat&#8217;s milk cheese
and soap and providing organic chicken meat to restaurants. Another recipient received a $44,700 grant
to increase sales of its pumpkins and squash &#8211; including pumpkin donuts &#8211; as nutritious,
locally-produced food.
The federal government should not choose which farmers need taxpayer dollars to market their products.
Picking winners and losers distorts the role of government and, even worse, wastes taxpayer dollars in
doing so. Over the past ten years, this program handed out over $290 million. This is a pretty sweet
deal for grant recipients but pretty expensive for the taxpayer.
Click
here
or on the image above
to watch this week's installment of Waste of the Week.
Coats
in the News
Coats
Votes For Balanced Budget Conference Report
Senator
Coats Receives Medical Device Manufacturers Association Chairman&#8217;s Award
Watch:
Federal government blows $44,700 to promote pumpkin doughnuts
Reitz
senior accepted into Naval Academy
Stay
Connected
Coats with Hoosiers
Eighth
graders from Kingsway Christian School in Avon asked great questions about my work as a Senator.
I
met some of our country's future leaders when members of the U.S. Army War College stopped by.
Congratulations
to Mackenzie Smith of Borden and Olivia Keith of Fishers for winning this year&#8217;s Prudential Spirit
of Community Award in Indiana.
I
skyped with students from North Junior High in Evansville. We had a great discussion about tough votes
I've cast as a Senator.
To
unsubscribe please
Click
Here
Contact
Me Latest
News
