
If you are having trouble viewing
this message or would like to share it on a social network, you can
view the message
online .
June 14, 2015
Website
|
About Me
|
Contact Me
|
Serving You
|
Media Center
|
Legislative Work
|
Our District
|
Resources
PEARCE VOTES NO ON FAST-TRACK
(TPA)
By a vote of 219 to 211, the U.S. House of Representatives
passed, as amended, its own version of the Trade Act of 2015 (H.R. 1314),
a bill to give the President Fast-Track Trade Promotion Authority
(TPA). U.S. Rep. Steve Pearce issued this statement following his vote
against the measure:
Trade has a significant impact on the
American economy. As a nation, we know that free trade agreements
increase our national output and sales to the countries we hold these
agreements with. We still hold a trade deficit; we buy more from other
countries, than we sell to them. This shortfall threatens our economy. At
a time when our economy is barely growing, millions of people remain
out of work, and even more have given up all together. 96 percent of
the worlds consumers live outside the United States, Congress should be
striving to promote and expand our exports globally to correct this
problem.
Many have sold Trade Promotion Authority, known
as fast-track, as the way forward to increase our sales to other
nations, helping to drive our economy forward. While I strongly support free
trade agreements to decrease our nations trade deficit and promote
U.S. manufacturing globally
I do not believe the fast-track bill
(TPA) today provided the guarantees needed, Pearce
stated.
Pearce continued: The TPA vote today missed significant principles that
need to be included in any such bill, like competitive currency
standards, fair trading practices, and including the opinion of the American
people. Under the bill today, it will be nearly impossible for one
Member, or even one chamber of Congress, to prevent the implementation
of a treaty that does not include the principles we all support. The
approval or disapproval process within this bill should have further
enabled Congress to respond to the calls of the American people once any
agreement was completed.
Complicating matters, for the
next 19 months, the Obama Administration would be at the helm of any
trade negotiations. For the past 6 years, this Administration has acted
with near reckless disregard for the rule of law and the Constitution.
Unfortunately, this is not limited to economic impacts. The
Administration has not explained the death of an American Ambassador and 3 other
Americans in Benghazi, unilaterally acting on immigration, or massive
land grabs in the West. President Obama has shown time and again he
is willing to set the rule of law aside to achieve his personal
goals.
The American people must have faith that Congress will
act on their behalf. As written, the fast-track bill does not guarantee
that. Ultimately, that is why I could not support this legislation,
Pearce added.
PEARCE GREETS NORTHERN NEW MEXICO
HONOR FLIGHT
Congressman Steve Pearce and staff met
the Northern New Mexico Honor Flight at the WWII Memorial in Washington,
D.C.
It was such a privilege to join the Northern New
Mexico Honor Flight at the WWII Memorial. It is always a humbling
experience to hear the stories of these brave men and women, and I appreciate
all the time they took speaking with me. Our Veterans have given our
country so much, and sharing this day with them was incredibly
significant and memorable.
PEARCE
VOTES TO SUPPORT OUR TROOPS AND TO KEEP U.S.
SECURE
By a vote of 278-149, the U.S. House of Representatives passed the
Department of Defense Appropriations Act, H.R. 2685. U.S. Rep. Steve
Pearce issued this statement following his vote for
passage:
The House completed the funding process for our military by passing
the Department of Defense Appropriations Act of Fiscal Year 2016,
stated Pearce. In the last month, we also passed the National Defense
Authorization Act of Fiscal Year 2016 and the Military Construction and
Veterans Affairs Appropriations Act of Fiscal Year 2016. Now, we wait
on the Senate to act on the same measures to fully support our
military and veterans.
The passage of this bill to fund our
military could not come at a more pertinent time. Just this week, the
President
our Commander in Chief
confirmed that he does not have a
consistent, complete strategy in the fight against the Islamic State of
Iraq and Syria (ISIS). Sending our men and women into harms way
without a well-planned and executed strategy is deplorable. Our completion
of these important military policy and funding measures is all the more
necessary should our President not be able to articulate our
objective in the Middle East -- to at least provide them with the training and
equipment they need for peak readiness, and support for their
families at home.
Critical to the success of the military is a
strong foundation on the home front. This legislation ensures that our
forces receive the 2.3% pay increase they so deserve and their basic
housing allowance is funded 100 percent.
Pearce continued:
As the conflict wages on in the Middle East, H.R. 2685 ensure that our
troops have the pertinent training, necessary equipment, and full
support required for their efforts. The bill we passed today guarantees
our men and women in uniform have the capabilities necessary to remain
the most lethal, ready, and agile force. In this technology-driven
age, our soldiers need the most advanced equipment and tools. To
guarantee this, we have increased funding for future procurement and research.
To ensure that they are the most agile force, ready to respond to any
threat, this bill increases funding for operations and maintenance,
deterring the creation of a so-called hollow force. The world
continues to throw new hazards our direction; we must continue funding the
programs necessary for our warfighters to respond
successfully.
NOTE: Once again, in a politically driven move, the President has
threatened to veto funding for our military and their families. I
truly hope he can put politics aside to realize this bill remains within
Budget Control Act caps created in 2012 and within the guidelines of
the budget resolution passed by the House.
Highlights of the
Legislation:
Provides a 2.3% pay increase for our troops -
1 percent more than the President requested
Fully funds
basic housing allowance 100 percent
From fiscal year 2015,
increases Research, Development, Testing, and Evaluation by $4
billion
Increases Procurement by $15 billion
Increases
Operations and Maintenance by $2 billion
PEARCE VOTES
TO PROTECT N.M JOBS, PREVENT CANADIAN AND MEXICAN TRADE
RETALIATION
U.S. Rep. Steve Pearce issued the following
statement on the Country of Origin Labeling Amendments (COOL) Act, H.R.
2393, which passed the House
by a bipartisan vote of
300-131:
"I voted with my colleagues to repeal the Country of Origin
Labeling requirements for beef, pork, and chicken products. Repealing
COOL will both protect the U.S. economy, and even more importantly,
protect New Mexicans jobs, stated Pearce. After speaking with New
Mexico ranchers about both the burdensome labeling requirements and the
negative impacts their businesses would experience under the threatened
tariffs, the decision to repeal the Country of Origin Labeling
requirements became critically important.
Four times since the
creation of this damaging labeling requirement, the World Trade
Organization has ruled COOL violates our trade obligation with Canada and
Mexico by negatively impacting the competitiveness of livestock sales and
trade in U.S. markets.
After the WTO's fourth and latest ruling
in May of this year, Canada and Mexico threatened to impose
retaliatory measures on the United States if COOL requirements were not
ended.
For New Mexico alone, we could see retaliation tariffs on $96
million worth of exports. At a time when the U.S. Commerce Department
recently released a study showing that New Mexico is ranked No. 1 in
export-related job growth, we cannot afford to place these badly needed
jobs at risk by restricting access to our neighboring nations'
markets.
Pearce continued: New Mexico's history and heritage of
ranching has long had deep and close ties with Mexicos. More so than
in many other states, the imposition of COOL has impacted more than
just jobs in New Mexico; it has impacted our state's heritage.
I
commend Chairman Conaway and the House Agriculture Committee for acting
quickly to bring this bill to the House Floor, and urge our Senators
from New Mexico and their colleagues to quickly pass this legislation
to protect the economy and New Mexico's ranching
heritage.
The COOL Act amends the Agriculture Marketing Act of 1946 to
effectively repeal mandatory country of origin labeling requirements for beef,
pork and chicken, while leaving in place the requirement for all other
covered commodities.
Moreover, the COOL Act does not change, in
any way, current food safety inspection requirements. For more
details on H.R. 2393, click
here .
PEARCE STATEMENT ON THE TRANSPORTATION, HUD FUNDING
BILL
U.S. Rep. Steve Pearce issued the following
statement on the Transportation, Housing and Urban Development
Appropriations Act, H.R. 2577:
The House continued its commitment to
the American people to be more effective, efficient, and accountable
with the passage of the T-HUD Appropriations bill. This is not simply
a symbolic action. Working diligently, the House began the
appropriations process, at the earliest date recorded since the 1970s, to ensure
that each bill includes critical agency oversight. Debated through
regular order on the House floor, every Member of the House had the
opportunity to voice concern and/or support for the legislation.
This resulted in an open and transparent process that led to reforms
reducing duplicative programs, eliminating wasteful and unnecessary
programs, and ensuring that vital government programs are provided the funds
they need to be successful. With plans to take up and pass the
Department of Defense funding bill by the end of the week, the House will
have completed half of the Appropriations process.
This bill provides critical funds for transportation projects,
operations, and maintenance across the country.
It prioritizes
important highway infrastructure projects without an increase in the gas
tax, preventing yet another burden on hardworking taxpayers who are
already struggling to make ends meet, said Pearce.
It fully
funds essential air services that maintain stable and consistent
commercial air carriers for rural communities in New Mexico.
While this
legislation is not perfect, and more reforms to Amtrak and other large
federal programs could be made, it takes important steps in the right
direction to ensure taxpayer dollars are efficiently utilized to fund
our infrastructure.
I look forward to working with my
colleagues to pass a multi-year surface transportation bill to provide
certainty to critical infrastructure projects.
HR 2577 also
continues our nations commitment to assist every American in
obtaining stable, safe, and habitable housing.
Housing assistance
provides millions of families and individuals a needed stepping stone as
they work toward further growth and prosperity in homeownership or
unassisted rent. In addition, the bill fully funds the Community Development
Block Grants (CDBG) program, which provides communities with
much-needed assistance to build infrastructure, such as roads, bridges and
sewage systems.
Lastly, the bill meets its commitment and
obligation to Native American tribes nationwide by including full support for
the Indian Housing Block Grant, which is the main funding mechanism for
the crucial Native American Housing and Self Determination Act
(NAHSDA -- aiding Native American tribes in offering every member with safe
and habitable housing.
CHECK OUT CONGRESSIONAL REVIEW WITH CONGRESSMAN STEVE
PEARCE
Have you heard "Congressional Review" this week? Every
weekend, I'm on the radio across New Mexico discussing important
legislation, events in New Mexico, and my work in Congress. Be sure to tune in!
If you haven't heard the show, call your local radio station to ask
when Congressional Review is on the air in your hometown!
To
listen to this week's Congressional Review, click
here.
Remember, I always look forward to hearing your thoughts on how
to help job growth, veterans, and other issues important to New
Mexicans.
If you have any ideas, suggestions, or concerns, you can
contact my office through
Facebook ,
Twitter ,
my
website
or by calling 855-4-PEARCE.
Washington, DC
2432
Rayburn House Office Building |
Washington, DC 20515
Phone:
855-4-PEARCE (732723) or (202) 225-2365
Las Cruces
570 N Telshor Blvd
Las Cruces, NM
88011
Phone: 855-4-PEARCE (732723)
Roswell
1717 W
2nd Street, Suite 100
Roswell, NM 88201
Phone: 855-4-PEARCE
(732723)
Socorro
111 School of Mines
Road
Socorro, NM 87801
Phone: 855-4-PEARCE (732723)
Alamogordo
1101 New York Avenue, Room
115
Alamogordo, NM 88310
Phone: 855-4-PEARCE (732723)
Hobbs
200 East
Broadway, Suite 200
Hobbs, NM 88240
Phone: 855-4-PEARCE
(732723)
Los Lunas
3445 Lambros Loop NE
Los Lunas,
NM 87031
Phone: 855-4-PEARCE (732723)
Update My
Profile
-
Unsubscribe
-
Privacy Policy
