
District Update | May 23, 2015
Click here
if you have trouble viewing this email
Memorial Day: we remember those who gave their lives for us
This Memorial Day weekend, we pause to honor the women and men who have given their lives to protect and defend our liberty. As Southwest Washingtons representative in Congress, I work to ensure that their sacrifices are remembered, and that our active duty and retired members of the military are given the support theyve earned.
Lets continually thank those who serve, and the families that have greatly sacrificed so that we may continue to live in freedom.
Standing up for salmon recovery
Salmon play a vital role in the Pacific Northwest.
Their recreational, economic and cultural importance makes salmon recovery so important.
Im pleased to have helped craft the Commerce, Justice, and Science bill that continues successful salmon recovery efforts by targeting resources toward specific hatchery management needs and habitat restoration projects.
The impacts of these restoration efforts do not stop at salmon! It helps secure a future for recreational fishing in Washington state
an industry that as of 2011, contributed 5,100 jobs and $247 million in income for Washington residents.
The Commerce, Justice and Science Appropriations bill also addresses treatment programs for veterans, anti-trafficking efforts, and competitive grants to help local law enforcement
all while making difficult cuts and reducing spending.
Read more here.
Individuals willing to die defending you and me have earned the right to pursue citizenship
I believe that Individuals who were brought to this country as children by their parents, have spent most of their lives here, and are willing to die defending you and me deserve the opportunity to serve in the U.S. military.
On May 14, I went to the U.S. House floor during consideration of the national defense bill to support this provision.
I do not support amnesty, but I do believe that these individuals who demonstrate their loyalty by putting their lives on the line for our nation should be allowed to earn legal status.
Click here to read more.
Protecting your land from federal overreach
Did you know that the EPA is expanding its authority to regulate every ditch, stream and pond on your private property?
This sweeping change would overturn 42 years of Clean Water Act policy.
On May 12, I voted with a bipartisan majority of the U.S. House of Representatives to pass the Regulatory Integrity Protection Act. This legislation would reject the EPA and Army Corps of Engineers new definition of navigable waters under the Clean Water Act.
A Supreme Court case from 2006 cited the cost of a Clean Water Act permit at $270,000 that, on average, takes 788 days to obtain. Penalties for violation of the Clean Water Act can be up to $37,500 per day.
Read more here.
TOP NEWS
SEATTLE TIMES Guest Column:
Jaime Herrera Beutler: How big government kills the American dream
READ MORE HERE
COLUMBIAN:
Editorial: Thoughtful Discussion
READ MORE HERE
USA TODAY : Failure of Wash. volcano runoff could be catastrophic
READ MORE HERE
Congressional Art Competition Showcase
This year we had our largest Congressional Art competition with 24 participants and we concluded with our first ever Congressional Art Competition Showcase.
Congratulations to Keaton Bruce from Kelso who will have his artwork hung in the U.S. Capitol.
And a special thanks to Aurora Gallery in Vancouver for opening up their doors to these young artists.
50 employers already participating in my
5 th Annual Jobs Fair
The 5th Annual Jobs Fair is a free event and is open to the public.
Jobs Fair Details
Date and Time: Monday, June 8
9:00am - 12:00pm
Location: Red Lion Hotel at the Quay
100 Columbia Street, Vancouver WA 98660
Jobs Hunting Workshop Details
Date and Time: Tuesday, June 2
9:30am - 11:30am
Location: Vancouver Community Library
901 C Street, Vancouver, WA 98660
For more information and a current list of employers, click here.
Forward to a Friend
|
Share on Facebook
|
Share on Twitter
|
Permalink
Washington, DC Office
1130 Longworth HOB
Washington, DC 20515
Phone: (202) 225-3536
Fax: (202) 225-3478
Vancouver Office
O.O. Howard House (Officers' Row)
750 Anderson Street, Suite B
Vancouver, WA 98661
Phone: (360) 695-6292
Fax: (360) 695-6197
UPDATE SUBSCRIPTION OPTIONS
|
PRIVACY POLICY
|
CONTACT US
