
Standing With Law Enforcement
On Tuesday afternoon, I took to the Senate floor to deliver a speech in support of law enforcement following the unrest and looting in Baltimore. We need to have a conversation about bad police practices, but we also need to have a conversation about what a great job the vast majority of police are doing across our country and how much they deserve our thanks and our support.
The overwhelming majority of law enforcement officers are honest men and women. They have very high ethical standards and they don't have a racist bone in their bodies. The next time there is a demonstration about police conduct, I hope it is a demonstration to thank the police for their dedication, their hard work, and their courage. That is a demonstration that I will be honored to join.
You can watch my floor speech
here .
You can also read more about my support of law enforcement in the
Philadelphia Inquirer
and the
Pittsburgh Post-Gazette .
On a related note, the Senate recently passed two bipartisan bills that I am proud to have cosponsored to help keep law enforcement safe. The first is the Bulletproof Vest Partnership Grant Program Reauthorization Act, which - as the name implies - helps local police departments buy this life-saving equipment. The second is the National Blue Alert Act, which establishes a national alert system to help track down those who threaten, injure, or kill a law enforcement officer.
Remembering Our Fallen Heroes
On Wednesday, I visited the National Law Enforcement Officers Memorial in Washington, D.C. to pay my respects to our fallen officers, especially Pennsylvania State Trooper
Corporal Bryon Dickson . Corporal Dickson was killed last year in the line of duty, and his name was recently etched into the stone at this important memorial. You can see his name in the photo above, just above my hand.
Our police men and women are dedicated public servants who put their lives on the line every day in the name of serving and protecting. Our police have incredibly difficult and important jobs to do.
My visit to this memorial serves as a reminder of those who have paid the ultimate sacrifice to serve and protect their communities. I am grateful for our law enforcement officials, and next time you see a police officer, I encourage you to thank him or her.
You can watch a video of my visit to this memorial
here . Corporal Dickson, and all our fallen police officers, will not be forgotten.
Military Leaders, War College Students Visit DC
I met with students attending the
United States Army War College
this week in my Washington office. The War College is in Carlisle just to the southwest of Harrisburg. American service members, civilians, and international military officers attend this outstanding institution. The class I met with included students from Poland, Lithuania, and Ethiopia.
Cutting The VA Backlog
I am a member of the bipartisan Senate VA Backlog Working Group, and this week I was pleased to team up with Senator Bob Casey to
unveil legislation
to reform the broken claims system at the Department of Veterans Affairs.
The backlog of veterans' disabilities claims in our state and nationwide is a disgrace. But we may not know truly how far behind the VA is in processing these cases because it appears management has been covering up the problem. Moreover, management may not have followed standard or basic VA guidelines for audits, or in some cases, veterans' privacy.
This is simply unacceptable and outrageous. I will continue working with Senator Casey and other members of the bipartisan Senate VA Backlog Working Group to help tackle this critical and longstanding issue. You can read more about our efforts
here .
Honoring A Pennsylvania Hero
Do you know the name Mike Crescenz? Corporal Michael J. Crescenz was a Philadelphia native and served in the Vietnam War.
He has a truly incredible story
- one of bravery and heroism that made him Philly's only Medal of Honor recipient of the Vietnam War. And now, after
my bipartisan bill
passed the Senate unanimously last December, the
Woodland Avenue Veterans Affairs Medical Center
in Philadelphia has been renamed after this amazing hero.
I spoke at the renaming ceremony last weekend, and I enjoyed hearing from Corporal Crescenz's family about his life and legacy. I hope the renaming of this medical center will serve as a reminder of the sacrifices of all of Pennsylvania's Vietnam War veterans.
You can read about the renaming ceremony
here . (Photo: Brad Larrison/Newsworks)
ALLENTOWN, PA
PH: (610) 434-1444
ERIE, PA
PH: (814) 453-3010
HARRISBURG, PA
PH: (717) 782-3951
JOHNSTOWN, PA
PH: (814) 266-5970
PHILADELPHIA, PA
PH: (215) 241-1090
PITTSBURGH, PA
PH: (412) 803-3501
SCRANTON, PA
PH: (570) 941-3540
WASHINGTON, D.C.
PH: (202) 224-4254
UNSUBSCRIBE
