
[if (gte mso 9)]>
<![endif]
Rep. Bob Goodlatte
Fact Check - TPA
This week, the House of Representatives may take up legislation called Trade Promotion
Authority (TPA). This legislation has been the subject of much discussion on the Internet recently, and I wanted to set the record straight on a few
common misconceptions. For an explanation of the top myths about TPA,
you can read more here .
Here&rsquo;s what you need to know:
Congress is not voting on any trade agreement this week.
There are no finalized trade agreements even eligible for
consideration. If the President were to agree to one in principle tomorrow, it could not be voted on in the House
for many months
and
would be required to be made public for at
least 60 days prior to a vote .
TPA does not cede American sovereignty over any aspect of our nation&rsquo;s laws, regulations, or Constitution.
American law
can only be changed by Congress
and agreed to by the
President.
TPA gives
Congress and the American public
greater oversight of any proposed trade agreements.
It puts strong checks and balances in place to
guarantee the American public has transparency over the process. The House of Representatives would have the power to &ldquo;switch-off&rdquo; TPA if
the President doesn&rsquo;t follow the law or congressional intent.
Free trade creates American jobs, strengthens the economy, expands American export markets, bolsters
national security, and is a fundamental principle behind
a free
market economy .
Trade Promotion Authority will increase choices and lower costs for Sixth District farmers, workers, consumers, and
businesses.
Here is
a general overview of what TPA is , and how it is used by
Congress and the Administration to consider free trade agreements.
I appreciate you
taking the time to read this information about TPA to understand what Congress is, and isn&rsquo;t, likely to vote on this week. I support free trade,
and bringing jobs and the opportunity for economic growth to Virginia. To reiterate,
TPA is not a trade agreement.
Please know that I will
carefully evaluate any trade agreement that may come before Congress in the future based on its merits. If you have any questions or comments about
TPA, please feel free to
email me .
Sincerely,
# # #
www.Goodlatte.House.Gov
This message was
generated from an unattended mailbox.
Should you have further questions, please visit the &quot; Contact Bob &quot;
section of my website or call my office at (202) 225-5431.
This message was intended for:
dj724530@gmail.com
You were added to the system November 2, 2013.
For more information
click here .
Update your preferences
Unsubscribe
|
Unsubscribe via email
