
Click here to view this message in your browser.
May 29, 2015
Dear Hoosier,
In recent years, our nation has lost hundreds of military servicemembers and thousands of veterans to suicide annually. It is more important than ever that we take care of our troops, veterans, and military families, fulfilling our promise to provide the quality, accessible care and support they have earned. This is a top priority for me as a member of the Armed Services Committee, and I am working with colleagues on both sides of the aisle to improve and expand mental health care options for those who have served and sacrificed for our country.
Last year, my
Jacob Sexton Military Suicide Prevention Act
was signed into law. Named after Hoosier Guardsman Jacob Sexton, this law ensures that every member of the military &ndash; Active, Guard, and Reserve &ndash; will receive a mental health assessment every year. The Sexton Act was a significant step forward, but our work is only just beginning.
(Left to right) Donnelly and Jeff Sexton and Donnelly and Gregg Keesling.
Both Sexton and Keesling lost a son to military suicide.
For more photos,
click here .
Recently, I convened a roundtable discussion in Indianapolis to discuss military mental health challenges and efforts to improve military and veterans&rsquo; mental health care. I was joined by representatives from Purdue University&rsquo;s Military Family Research Institute (MFRI) and other organizations serving Hoosier servicemembers and veterans, private mental health care providers, and family members of those lost to suicide or suffering from post-traumatic stress.
Donnelly held a roundtable on improving access to community
providers for
servicemembers at the Indiana War Memorial.
During the roundtable, we discussed my bipartisan
Community Provider Readiness Recognition Act , which would provide new incentives to community providers to enhance their knowledge of military culture and mental health challenges unique to troops, veterans, and their families. It would also establish a regularly-updated online registry so servicemembers and veterans can search for these specially-designated community providers.
This is modeled after work done by Hoosiers at Purdue University&rsquo;s Military Family Research Institute (MFRI). MFRI works with community mental health providers, naming them part of the Star Behavioral Health Network. When servicemembers, veterans, and their families see that designation, they know the mental health provider has been trained by MFRI to better understand their experiences.
I am pleased to let you know that this bill recently passed the Senate Armed Services Committee, and I will continue to work toward its passage into law. One of the most critical hurdles to improving mental health care for servicemembers and veterans is overcoming the stigma attached to seeking help.
It is my hope that through this continued effort to bring more accessible, quality care to servicemembers, veterans, and their families &ndash; right in their hometowns &ndash; we can show that seeking help is a sign of strength.
It is an honor to represent our servicemembers, veterans, and all Hoosiers in the Senate. Your input and feedback is always valuable. Please feel free to visit my
website
or call 317-226-5555 to contact me.
Sincerely,
Senator Joe Donnelly
Please do not reply to this email. To contact my office, please
click here .
Senator Joe Donnelly
Office Locations
Washington, D.C.
SH-720 Hart Senate Office Building
Washington, D.C. 20510
Phone: (202) 224-4814
Fax: (202) 224-5011
Indianapolis, IN
115 N. Pennsylvania Street, Suite 100
Indianapolis, IN 46204
Phone: (317) 226-5555
Fax: (855) 772-7518
For a full list of office locations, please
click here .
Unsubscribe
