
If you are
having trouble viewing this message or would like to share it on a social
network, you can
view
the message online .
HOME
ABOUT
CONTACT
ME
SERVING YOU
MEDIA CENTER
ISSUES &amp;
LEGISLATION
OUR DISTRICT
May 08, 2015
Dear
Friend,
After months of planning it was great to host the 2015 Central Valley
Job Fair and Veterans Summit in Modesto yesterday. We welcomed over a
thousand job seekers to the Sportsmen of Stanislaus Club to meet with
50 employers. Importantly, we had over a hundred veterans register to
attend the fair. I believe that in order to help a vet, you have to
hire a vet, and it was great seeing not only our veterans but also so
many local organizations dedicated to hiring veterans. The key campaign
of the Veterans Jobs Caucus, which I co-chair in Congress, is I Hire
Veterans. Our goal is to encourage businesses to hire our former
servicemen and women, who have exemplary skills that translate to the
workplace, sometimes even more easily our vets expect!
I
want to thank the organizations who helped with yesterdays fair: the
Stanislaus Business Alliance/Alliance Worknet, the Alliance Small
Business Center, CALVET, the Central Valley Human Resources Management
Association, the Employment Development Department, Gallo Vets, the Heavy
Equipment College of California, the Stanislaus County Veteran
Employment Committee, the Vet Center, Wells Fargo Bank, and Work for
Warriors.
Our job fairs are an annual event so
email me here
if youd like to hear about the next
one.
On Tuesday evening I honored 25 students from high schools across the
Central Valley at the annual Congressional Merit Awards. Each award
recipient was nominated by their high schools principal for their
academic achievement, leadership, involvement in extracurricular
activities, school citizenship, volunteerism and community service. The
Congressional Merit Award program is open to all 48 schools in the 10th
district.
Each of
these students exemplifies outstanding leadership, volunteerism, and
involvement in our local
community.
I was proud to present the Congressional Merit Award to such
an exceptional group of students and I look forward to seeing their
future success.
See the full list of award
recipients .
To commemorate National Small Business Week, I
visited several small businesses throughout our community
Johnnys Diner
in Tracy on Wednesday and Mikes Coffee, Raw Juicing, Yogurt &amp;
Spirits in Manteca on Thursday
and this morning I visited Wardens in
Modesto as they celebrated 50 years in business. Wardens has grown
over the years to be Central Valleys largest independently owned office
products dealership.
Last night I joined Stanislaus
County Supervisor Vito Chiesa, State Senator Tom Berryhill, State
Assemblymember Kristin Olsen, and Turlock Mayor Gary Soiseth for Government
Night at CSU Stanislaus. I love being able to have a discussion with
attendees and legislators on the state and local levels in these kind of
town hall formats. I appreciate all who came out and asked
questions.
On Wednesday morning I was in Hughson to attend the
Stanislaus County Peace Officers Association memorial service for our
fallen.
Our law
enforcement officials put their lives on the line to serve and protect us,
and Im constantly thankful for their hard
work.
I visited the Gallo Center in downtown Modesto on
Wednesday evening for a reception recognizing the efforts of Work for
Warriors and some of the employers at Thursdays fair who have
demonstrated a great commitment to hiring vets.
Cutting the cake with a sword
not to
be tried at home!
Im
wrapping up an excellent week at home with the Welcome Home Heroes Foundation
Ride bright and early tomorrow (Saturday) morning. We take off from
Mitchells Harley in Modesto.
I hope you have a wonderful
weekend.
If you want more frequent updates check in with
me on
Facebook ,
Twitter ,
YouTube
or
Instagram .
JEFF DENHAM
Are you currently looking for
a job? Yes No Have you had success finding work
by visiting one of our job fairs? Yes No *By answering this survey, you are subscribing to my
newsletter. If you are having trouble, click here.
E-mail Updates
Yes, please periodically send me e-mail updates.*
*By subscribing to my
e-mail
updates, you are authorizing me to send regular e-mail updates from my
office to your e-mail account.
DC office:
1730
Longworth HOB
Washington, DC
20515
P: 202-225-4540
F:
202-225-3402
Modesto
Office:
4701 Sisk Road, Suite 202
Modesto, CA 95356
P:
209-579-5458
F: 209-579-5028
Unsubscribe
|
Update
My Profile
|
Privacy Policy
gateway mail end 