
If you are having trouble viewing this message
or would like to share it on a social network, you can
view the message online .
June 08, 2015
Update My
Profile
A MESSAGE FROM CONGRESSMAN STENY H. HOYER
Last week, the Office of Personnel
Management (OPM) announced a data breach that may have compromised the
personal information of approximately four million current and former
federal employees. I represent more than 62,000 federal employees in the
Fifth District who serve our country with distinction, and I am deeply
concerned about this breach and its potential impact on
them.
Beginning today, June 8, through June 19, OPM will notify the
employees whose information may have been compromised via an email
from
opmcio@csid.com . Those employees who do not
have an email address on file with OPM will receive a letter through the
mail.
OPM is offering impacted employees credit monitoring
services and identity theft insurance through CSID. Additional
information is available beginning today on this
website
and by calling toll-free at
1-844-222-2743.
OPM has also provided information about the notification process and
steps to help employees avoid becoming a victim of identity theft,
including:
Monitor financial account statements and
immediately report any suspicious or unusual activity to financial
institutions.
Review resources provided on the FTC
identity theft website,
www.identitytheft.gov (external link) .
Be suspicious of unsolicited
phone calls, visits, or email messages from individuals asking about
you, your employees, your colleagues or any other internal information.
Do not reveal personal or financial information
in email, and do not respond to email solicitations for this
information.
Click
here
to view more
steps provided by OPM.
I will continue to monitor any
new developments closely as the investigation continues, and I will
share resources with you as they become available.
As
always, thank you for allowing me to share this update with you, and
please continue to share your concerns and insights with me by
contacting my office or connecting with me on
Facebook ,
Twitter , or
YouTube .
With warmest regards, I am
Sincerely yours,
Steny H.
Hoyer
Update My Profile
Unsubscribe
|
Privacy Policy
This is an official e-mail from Congressman Steny Hoyer.
You have
received this e-mail because you subscribed
to Congressman Hoyer 's
E-Newsletter, authorizing
Rep. Hoyer to send periodic updates to your
e-mail
address.
We are committed to protecting your
privacy, so
your e-mail address will NEVER be sold
or exchanged. If you would like
to unsubscribe from
this newsletter, please reply to this message with
"Unsubscribe" in the subject line.
gateway mail end
