
If
you are having trouble viewing this message or would like to share it
on a social network, you can
view the message online .
HOME
ABOUT
SERVING YOU
WHERE I STAND
MEDIA
CENTER
CONTACT ME
May 22, 2015
Dear Friends,
Defending our
nation is no easy task and it is one that inspires and merits our
gratitude.
As Americans, we are indebted to those who have fought
and continue to serve to preserve our freedom and expand our countrys
role as a champion of democracy around the world. As a Member of
Congress, I have worked tirelessly to ensure that each and every service
member in our armed forces is treated with the dignity and the respect
they deserve. May is Military Appreciation Month and, while those who
serve our country merit praise every day, this month offers each of us
the unique opportunity to honor the service and sacrifice of the
members of our armed forces.
I am grateful that more
than 61,000 active duty service members and 12,000 National Guard
members live in Florida. Additionally, more than 1.5 million veterans
have chosen to call our beautiful state their home. While we always count
those who serve or served our nation as deserving of praise and
gratitude, we must also remember that military families contributions
through love, support, and time are also crucial to supporting our active
duty service members and veterans.
I am honored that
my family includes veterans such as my husband, Dexter, who was
wounded in combat during his voluntary service to our nation as an Army
Ranger in Vietnam. My step-son, Douglas, and daughter-in-law, Lindsay,
also served our nation honorably as marine aviators in Iraq. Lindsay also
served in Afghanistan and both continue to defend our nation as
marine reservists. As a Member of Congress, wife, and stepmother to
veterans who have worked to secure our freedom, I know the extraordinary
sacrifices that these heroes make.
As a nation, we have a
responsibility to ensure that those who have sacrificed in the service of
democracy are able to lead successful and fulfilling lives when they
return home. Having seen veterans educational needs first-hand, I was
proud to work with Rep. Murphy (FL-18) to introduce the Reducing
Barriers for Veterans Education Act.
This bill would help veterans in
our South Florida community and our nation by covering a portion of
the costs associated with applying to institutions of higher education,
such as college or graduate school. Education is of paramount
importance and veterans should have every opportunity to attend the school of
their choice. I also worked with my colleagues to ensure that the Hire
More Heroes Act was the first bill passed this Congress. This bill
would provide small businesses with an incentive to expand and hire
those who have served our nation by allowing them to bypass burdensome
healthcare regulations when hiring veterans.
South Florida has
served as home to many active duty members of our military,
reservists, and veterans. Homestead Air Reserve Base is one of the crown jewels
of our community. Oftentimes, our heroes need help with the
bureaucratic maze that are our federal agencies. My office is always ready to
assist our nations defenders with any federal issues they may have
with agencies like the VA or the Social Security Administration. My Miami
district office can be contacted at
305-668-2285
for help with any
federal issue. For more help and detailed information about the ways that we
can help, please visit
http://ros-lehtinen.house.gov/serving-you/help-federal-agency . My staff is prepared,
ready and honored to help our nations heroes.
Our nation was
founded on the principle of freedom, which can only be passed on to the
next generation through an involved citizenry that chooses to defend
it. Our democracy would cease to exist without the brave men and women
who have capably and proudly served our country both at home and
abroad.
I remain steadfast in my commitment to help our military,
both during and following this service.
This month, please take
time to say thank you to the men and women in your life who have served
or continue to serve and enable all of us to live in freedom.
Sincerely,
Ileana
Ros-Lehtinen
Member of
Congress
Don't forget to follow me on Twitter
@RosLehtinen . I send out live updates and links to recent videos!
E-mail
Updates
Yes, please periodically send me
e-mail updates.*
*By
subscribing to my
e-mail updates, you are authorizing me to send
regular e-mail updates from my office to your e-mail account.
Tell a Friend
E-mail:
E-mail:
E-mail:
Washington, DC Office
2206
Rayburn HOB |
Washington,
DC 20515
Phone: (202) 225-3931 |
Fax: (202)
225-5620
Miami
Office (Main)
4960 SW 72 Ave, Suite 208 |
Miami, FL
33155
Phone: (305) 668-2285 |
Fax: (305)
668-5970
Unsubscribe
|
Update My
Profile
|
Privacy Policy
