
Trouble viewing this email?
Click here to open this message in your browser.
June 13, 2015
Dear Friends,
I would like to share this week&rsquo;s edition of Jackie&rsquo;s Reading Picks, a compilation of articles that have piqued my interest over the week. You can find this week&rsquo;s selection and others on my website in the
Jackie&rsquo;s Reading Picks
section.
Happy reading!
All the best,
The Lost Entrepreneurial Generation?
By MATT CONNOLLY, Washington Monthly
There may not be a generation in American history with more entrepreneurial potential than Millennials. They tend to be more highly educated, independent, and open to change than their older counterparts. They report strong interest in starting businesses, have the most access to entrepreneurship training, and came of age at a time when successful entrepreneurs were ubiquitous in news and popular culture. In an economy in need of a jumpstart, it&rsquo;s a match made in heaven.
There may not be a generation in American history with worse entrepreneurial prospects than Millennials. They entered the workforce amid a recession that left many without the resources necessary to start their own business. They hold a record amount of debt paired with next to no savings. A market dominated by big businesses has less room for small ones owned by young people. As far as entrepreneurship goes, the situation is a disaster.
Read more
here .
Israel&rsquo;s Water Revolution: Aided by the Sea, Israel Overcomes an Old Foe--Drought
by ISABEL KERSHNER, NY Times
At the peak of the drought, Shabi Zvieli, an Israeli gardener, feared for his livelihood.
A hefty tax was placed on excessive household water consumption, penalizing families with lawns, swimming pools or leaky pipes. So many of Mr. Zvieli&rsquo;s clients went over to synthetic grass and swapped their seasonal blooms for hardy, indigenous plants more suited to a semiarid climate. &ldquo;I worried about where gardening was going,&rdquo; said Mr. Zvieli, 56, who has tended people&rsquo;s yards for about 25 years.
Read more
here .
Caitlyn Jenner Talks About Her Mother&rsquo;s Reaction and Transgender Fans
by BUZZ BISSINGER, Vanity Fair
Read the extended conversation between Caitlyn Jenner and Buzz Bissinger with new details that weren&rsquo;t included in the July cover story.
Read more
here .
(Note: You do not have to subscribe or sign in order to read this article. If a pop-up window appears asking you to subscribe, click &lsquo;X&rsquo; in the upper right hand corner of the window to read it without entering any information.)
Abby Wambach v. Chuck Blazer: Who Is the Face of American Soccer?
By AMY DAVIDSON, The New Yorker
Who is the real face of American soccer: Abby Wambach, the forward who has scored more goals in international matches (a hundred and eighty-two) than any player, of any gender, in the world, or Chuck Blazer, a now-disgraced member of FIFA&rsquo;s executive committee and one of the top soccer officials for the Americas, a Queens native who may be best remembered for an apartment in Trump Tower, paid for with soccer money, which he kept for his cats? That is the depressing question as the Women&rsquo;s World Cup opens in Canada, where the United States won its first game on Monday night, 3-1, with two goals by Megan Rapinoe.* The tournament
will be held in six cities, none of which, as far as anyone knows, paid a bribe to get the games. (Canada ended up as the only bidder, after its one rival, Zimbabwe, pulled out.) Fourteen FIFA officials were indicted by prosecutors in the Eastern District of New York a week and a half ago. The indictment alleges that at least a hundred and fifty million dollars in bribes changed hands&mdash;and that number is just a starting point. It doesn&rsquo;t even really get to Qatar&rsquo;s now notorious bid for the 2022 tournament. There are now criminal investigations or serious questions about every men&rsquo;s World Cup from the past two decades.
Read more
here .
NYT: Let Transgender Troops Serve Openly
By THE EDITORIAL BOARD, NY Times
Staff Sgt. Loeri Harrison could receive the paperwork any day now, forms certifying that after an exemplary eight-year Army career, she is no longer fit for duty and must leave Fort Bragg because she is transgender.
Early this year, Senior Airman Logan Ireland feared he might face a similar fate when he disclosed to his commanders during a recent deployment in Afghanistan that he transitioned from female to male. Yet, his supervisors have been supportive, allowing him to wear male uniforms and adhere to male grooming standards even though Air Force records continue to label him as female.
Read more
here .
The Agency
By ADRIAN CHEN, NY Times Magazine
From a nondescript office building in St. Petersburg, Russia, an army of well-paid &ldquo;trolls&rdquo; has tried to wreak havoc all around the Internet &mdash; and in real-life American communities.
Around 8:30 a.m. on Sept. 11 last year, Duval Arthur, director of the Office of Homeland Security and Emergency Preparedness for St. Mary Parish, Louisiana, got a call from a resident who had just received a disturbing text message. &ldquo;Toxic fume hazard warning in this area until 1:30 PM,&rdquo; the message read. &ldquo;Take Shelter. Check Local Media and columbiachemical.com.&rdquo;
Read more
here .
The Secret History of SEAL Team 6
By MARK MAZZETTI, NY Times
They have plotted deadly missions from secret bases in the badlands of Somalia. In Afghanistan, they have engaged in combat so intimate that they have emerged soaked in blood that was not their own. On clandestine raids in the dead of the night, their weapons of choice have ranged from customized carbines to primeval tomahawks.
Around the world, they have run spying stations disguised as commercial boats, posed as civilian employees of front companies and operated undercover at embassies as male-female pairs, tracking those the United States wants to kill or capture.
Read more
here .
Unsubscribe from future mailings.
View in Browser
Washington D.C. Office
2465 Rayburn House Office Building
Washington, DC 20515
Phone: (202) 225-3531
Fax: (202) 226-4183
San Mateo Office
155 Bovet Road, Suite 780
San Mateo, CA 94402
Phone: (650) 342-0300
Fax: (650) 375-8270
