
Having trouble seeing this e-mail?
Click here to read it on my blog.
Dear Friend,
Here in New Mexico, we&rsquo;re fortunate to have an abundance of renewable energy resources like solar, wind and biomass, plus the ingenuity to develop a strong clean energy economy. And with climate change contributing to drought and more severe wildfires across the West, there&rsquo;s no time to lose.
We must seize the opportunity to develop our clean energy resources in New Mexico and throughout the country so we can lead the world in innovation and create the jobs of the future. Combined with energy from traditional sources, smart investments in renewables make sense for our economy, our environment and our livelihoods.
That&rsquo;s why I&rsquo;m continuing my fight for a Renewable Electricity Standard. Last week, I introduced a bill to create a national threshold for utilities to generate 30 percent of their electricity from renewable energy sources by 2030.
Join me and call on Congress to take action for clean energy jobs by passing a &ldquo;30-by-30&rdquo; national Renewable Electricity Standard.
Setting a goal will give renewable energy innovators the certainty they need to grow and create jobs &mdash; hundreds of thousands of good-paying clean energy jobs that cannot be outsourced.
New Mexico and more than half the other states already have wildly successful renewable electricity policies, and it&rsquo;s time to go all in. In January, almost half of the Senate voted for a similar plan I introduced to create a national Renewable Electricity Standard &mdash; showing that there&rsquo;s bipartisan support for such a forward-looking energy policy.
My new bill would further help our country diversify its energy sources. It lays out a realistic timeline with achievable deadlines, setting an 8 percent requirement by 2016 and manageable increases to meet the 30 percent target by 2030. It puts us on the path toward the &ldquo;do it all, do it right&rdquo; energy strategy I&rsquo;ve long advocated.
Support clean energy jobs and call on Congress to invest in our future by passing a &ldquo;30-by-30&rdquo; national Renewable Electricity Standard.
A national Renewable Electricity Standard would save consumers more than $25 billion on utility bills and drive nearly $300 billion in new capital investments. It&rsquo;s an economic boost that just makes sense.
With you by my side, I&rsquo;ll keep fighting to grow New Mexico&rsquo;s economy and put our country on a path toward energy independence while combatting climate change. We can&rsquo;t afford to keep kicking the can down the road.
Cheers,
Tom Udall
United States Senator
CONNECT WITH TOM
CONTACT TOM
UNSUBSCRIBE
tomudall.senate.gov
Photo of poppies in New Mexico's bootheel
by DiAnn Matteson from Rodeo
