
May 6, 2015
WEBSITE
|
FORWARD TO A FRIEND
| SHARE ON:
Securing Care for Vets &amp; Holding VA Accountable
In This Week's Kline's Corner
Ensuring Veterans Receive Benefits Earned
Resources for the Avian Flu Outbreak
Visit my Virtual Art Gallery
Securing Care for Vets &amp; Holding VA Accountable
Dear Friends,
Through service and sacrifice our veterans have safeguarded the promise of liberty on which our country was founded. Last week, I was pleased to support balanced, bipartisan legislation to honor the commitment weve made to our veterans and their families by improving VA claims processing and access to quality health care, addressing homelessness among our veterans, and continuing robust oversight over the VA. This important bill would also provide additional funding to ensure our veterans living in rural areas or those unable to get an appointment at a VA medical facility, can receive non-VA care. You can learn more about this legislation
here .
Resources for the Avian Flu Outbreak
As of Tuesday, 80 farms in 21 Minnesota counties have been stricken by the avian flu epidemic. The Board of Animal Health, in partnership with the United States Department of Agriculture (USDA) and Minnesota Departments of Health, Agriculture and Public Safety, has been working over the last couple of weeks to identify infected flocks and implement health and safety measures. While no farms in the 2nd district have reported affected livestock, I have set up an
information and resources page
on my website. Additionally, to help address this issue, I joined my colleagues in the House in
requesting the Administration expeditiously approve the USDAs request to transfer funds
to help combat the outbreak.
Visit my Virtual Art Gallery
Congressman Kline with 1st place winner Nicole
Wallerick from Lakeville North High School.
Each year, I have the honor of hosting an annual Congressional Artistic Discovery competition among Minnesota high school students in the 2nd Congressional District. The nationwide art competition provides members of Congress the opportunity to showcase the talents of high school students in their district and acknowledge our nations gifted young artists. Yesterday, I hosted a reception for the winning students and their families at my district office in Burnsville. I enjoyed visiting with the talented students and honoring the winning artist, whose drawing will be displayed in the U.S. Capitol Building. If you would view the winning entries on my virtual art gallery as well as learn more about my annual contest, please visit my website at
http://kline.house.gov .
Have a great week!
John Kline
Member of Congress
TOP NEWS
Committee Approves Bipartisan National Defense Bill which Includes Key Kline Provisions
The national defense bill, which includes several key provisions championed by Minnesota Congressman John Kline, passed the House Armed Services Committee earlier this morning with strong bipartisan support. The Fiscal Year 2016 National Defense Authorization Act (NDAA), H.R. 1735, serves as the budgetary blueprint for the Pentagon and will likely be considered next month by the U.S. House of Representatives. I take seriously our constitutional role in Congress to provide for the common defense and I was pleased this legislation received strong bipartisan support, said Kline, a 25-year veteran of the U.S. Marine Corps and senior member of HASC whose wife is a retired Army nurse and son has served three tours in Iraq and Afghanistan.
Read more .
UPDATE SUBSCRIPTION OPTIONS
|
PRIVACY POLICY
|
CONTACT US
Click Here Click Here