
If you are having trouble viewing this
message or would like to share it on a social network, you can
view the message online .
June 19, 2015
Unsubscribe
Update My Profile
Website
|
Meet Rodney
|
11th
District
Services
|
Newsroom
|
Contact
Rodney
e-News 6/19/15
Trade Promotion
Authority: Good Jobs for New Jersey and
America!
Repealing the Obamacare Medical Device
Tax
Appropriations Committee Oks Funding for Highlands
Conservation Act
Listening Tour
Continues
Salute: Congressional Gold medal for
community service
Salute: The late John
Amerspek: World War II vet and Picatinny
booster
Trade Promotion Authority: Good Jobs
for New Jersey and America!
After a false-start
last week, the House today approved trade promotion authority
(TPA).
This is good news for our home state and for
America.
I support trade promotion authority because it puts Congress in
the "drivers" seat as the Administration negotiates a new trade
agreement with Pacific nations. TPA is a process that governs how future
trade agreements come to Congress and the American people. In the
final analysis, this bill is Congress asserting its will on the Obama
administration, so that Congress can be more involved throughout the
process with more transparency which allows House and Senate members and
the public to see exactly whats going on.
Any agreement that
is reached by the President must be made public for sixty days before
it can even be signed by a President. Then it comes to Congress,
which retains the right to decide whether a trade agreement takes effect
or not. A simple majority vote can halt the agreement in its
tracks.
Good trade agreements are critically important for engaging
in the world, for leading in the world, for opening up markets, and for
creating good-paying jobs at home. In New Jersey, 1.2 million jobs
are tied to trade. These jobs, on average, pay more - the kinds of jobs
we want.
I would add that we have a port
the Port of New
York and New Jersey
that is a critical component of our states
economy.
We export more than $56 billion in goods and services, much
of it through our port, each year.
Ninety-five percent of
the worlds consumers do not live in our country. They live in other
countries, with generally higher tariff barriers that hinder entry of
U.S. products. It is critical that we open up these markets, so we make
more goods in America and sell them overseas. This is how we promote
faster economic growth.
This is an important way we create good
jobs at good wages.
It should be noted that Congress has
granted this trade promotion authority to
every
President since 1974 .
On matters of
defense and foreign policy, we have all witnessed Americas
retreat.
To me, this trade issue is about American leadership. Is the
United States going to confidently go out into the marketplace and
reach trade agreements that are good for America?
There is no
doubt that the rules of the global economy are being re-written right
now. The question is: who is going to write the rules? Is it America
and our allies and potential trade partners? Or will it be other
nations that dont share our values? Like China?
Learn more
about Trade Promotion Authority (TPA)
here .
ICYMI:
Read former Secretary of State Condoleezza
Rices column in the
Washington Post
on TPA
here .
How Obama
Abandoned Israel
Former Israeli Ambassador the United
States, former West Orange resident Michael Oren, wrote a compelling
Op Ed piece for the
Wall Street
Journal
this week.
Read How Obama Abandoned Israel
here .
Repealing the Job-Killing Obamacare
Medical Device Tax
With a major Supreme Court decision
pending on the legality of Obamacare, the so-called Affordable care
Act, the House acted this repeal one of the worst parts of Obamacarea
medical device tax, which destroys jobs, hampers innovation, and
threatens seniors' access to and the development of lifesaving devices that
they rely on.
America, in general, and New Jersey,
specifically, has led the way in developing technology that
revolutionizes the way we prevent, diagnose, and treat diseases. Yet Obamacare
punishes the very companies that made America the global leader in
medical innovation with this tax, putting new, lifesaving technologies at
risk.
To finally put an end the medical device tax, the
House passed the Protect Medical Innovation Act (H.R. 160) on Wednesday.
The medical device tax repeal already passed the House in previous
years with wide bipartisan support
Of course, the larger
question revolves around the future of the Obamacare.
Americans
want more choice and were promised lower costs. Obamacare has not
delivered any of that. In fact, Obamacare has actually taken away choice in
health care and strained family budgets.
According to
recent surveys, those with Obamacare plans
and the subsidies that help
pay for them
are still left with sky-high deductibles and
out-of-pocket costs that force them to put off the care they
need.
Newsweek
reports on a new
Commonwealth Fund survey that indicates that despite the subsidies, many
Americans still perceive health insurance as unaffordable. According
to the report, 60 percent of respondents said they hadnt visited
their states marketplace for health insurance because they didnt think
they could afford the monthly premium or out-of-pocket
cost.
Read the
Newsweek
story,
Even With Obamacare, Americans Find Health Insurance Too Expensive,
here .
Appropriations Committee
Oks Funding for Highlands Conservation Act
The House
Appropriation Committee this week approved FY 2016 Interior
appropriations which included funding for the Highlands Conservation
Act.
I requested the $3 million in the bill for land acquisition,
from willing sellers, in the Highlands region
more than three million
acres across New Jersey, New York, Pennsylvania, and
Connecticut.
Preserving the New Jersey Highlands is, and should remain,
a federal priority.
A major source of drinking water and in the
most densely populated metropolitan area in the country, the
Highlands is a critical area in need of protection.
By negotiating land
acquisition with willing sellers, this appropriation shows just how
efficiently the federal Highlands Conservation Act has been
working.
The legislation requires that every federal dollar be matched
100 percent by non-federal dollars.
Over $17 million
that has been previously appropriated under the Act has leveraged
state, local, and private funds at a better than two-to-one ratio.
To date, more than 5,000 acres in the 4-state Highlands Region have
been protected under the Act.
Read more about the Interior
Appropriations Act
here .
Listening Tour Continues
I was honored to address members
of the Northern New Jersey Chapter of the Military Officers
Association (MOAA) this afternoon at Picatinny Arsenal.
Our discussion
touched on several key issues related to the national security of the
United States and the future of pay and compensation for our men and
women in uniform.
Salute:
Congratulations to two of my constituents, Stephanie Quinton of Morris Plains and
Thomas Sych of Madison as they received the
Congressional
Award
Gold Medal
for community
service this week!
Thank you for what youve
done!
Salute:
To the late
John
Amerspek , World War II veteran and former Picatinny Arsenal senior
manager John P. Amerspek. Arsenal officials held held a building
dedication ceremony this week for its new propellant complex, The John P.
Amerspek Propellant Development Complex.
The facility is a
research, development test and evaluation facility which will allow
scientists and engineers to research the next generation of gun propellants.
After fighting in some of World War IIs toughest battles, Amerspek
worked at the arsenal from 1951-1981 and rose through the ranks to become
chief Manager for Selected Ammunition section. He also established a
chapter of the National Defense Industrial Association at Picatinny
and was dedicated to Picatinnys mission.
Contact Information
WASHINGTON, D.C.
2306 Rayburn House Office
Building
Washington, DC 20515-3011
(202) 225-5034
NEW
JERSEY
30 Schuyler Place, Second Floor
Morristown, NJ 07960
(973)
984-0711
Update My Profile
-
Unsubscribe
-
Privacy
Policy
