
Huizenga Huddle: May 21, 2015
Share this email:
The Huizenga Huddle: May 21, 2015
West Michigan WWII Veterans
Visit Washington
On Saturday, I joined
more than 100 WWII Veterans from across West Michigan
as they toured the monuments built in their honor.
It was great to be able to spend the day with these local heroes, listen to their stories, and watch them receive thanks and praise from current military members as well as every day Americans who were also visiting Washington.
The U.S. Marine Corps'
Silent Drill Team demonstrated their skills
for the veterans at the Iwo Jima Memorial. At the Tomb of the Unknown Solider, the
veterans observed the changing of the guard as well as a wreath laying ceremony .
In the early afternoon,
former Senator and WWII veteran Bob Dole greeted
the West Michigan veterans as they arrived at the World War II Memorial. Following an emotional visit to the WWII Memorial, the veterans had dinner at
the "mess hall"
and headed back to
Gerald R. Ford International Airport for a welcome home celebration
that continued at East Kentwood High School.
It was truly an inspirational day and I was honored to be a part of it.
Thank you to all of the guardians who helped the veterans throughout the day
and a huge thank you to Talons Out and the "Spirit of Grand Rapids" for making it all possible.
Protecting The Unborn
Currently, the United States is one of only seven nations on earth (joining the likes of China and North Korea) that allows abortions to be performed after the 20th week of pregnancy.
Last Wednesday,
the House took an important step to remove the United States from this embarrassing list by passing The Pain-Capable Unborn Child Protection Act.
This legislation would prohibit the abortion of a child after five months post-fertilization.
It is time that we as a nation recognize the humanity of unborn children and protect each and every one of them from the violence of a late-term abortion. The House has taken the first step
it is time for the Senate and the President to follow our lead.
Feel free to share how the Republican-led House and I are working to promote life on Facebook .
Holding The President Accountable
On Thursday, the House passed legislation giving Congress and the American people the ability to review any potential agreement with Iran.
I have consistently said that Congress must have a role in approving ANY potential deal. We know from past experience that Iran has cheated, lied, and ignored previous agreements to curtail its nuclear program.
We also know they have repeatedly attempted to conceal their nuclear ambitions. Simply put, Iran is not an honest broker.
I remain extremely skeptical that a deal can be reached, but should one be reached, Congress must hold the President accountable.
Building The Great Lakes Economy
On May 1st, the House passed legislation that included my bipartisan amendment to make Washington live up to it's word and ensure the Harbor Maintenance Trust Fund is used to dredge ports and harbors along our nations coasts and across the Great Lakes.
Despite what you may see on the nightly news, it is possible for Republicans and Democrats to work together to prioritize what taxpayer dollars are spent on.
To learn more about the Harbor Maintenance Trust Fund and how it has impacted Muskegon, Holland, and Grand Haven click here .
Preserving The Environment and Taxpayer Dollars
Currently, attorneys who file suit alleging the federal government has violated the Endangered Species Act (ESA) are able to charge as much as $300, $400, or even $500 an hour without even proving in a court of law that an actual violation has occurred.
To fix this problem, I have introduced a one page bill that reforms the ESA litigation loophole by placing a very reasonable rate cap of $125 per hour on litigation involving taxpayer funded settlements.
This commonsense reform brings ESA litigation in line with current law impacting veterans, seniors, and small businesses when they file suit against the federal government.
The underlying principle is simple - every taxpayer dollar the federal government has to spend on meritless ESA lawsuits is a dollar that could have been used to preserve the environment and protect endangered species.
I think protecting the environment in a financially responsible manner is something everyone can get behind no matter their party affiliation. You can find more information on this commonsense legislation at
Huizenga.House.Gov .
Second District Congressional Art Competition
Congratulations to Clay Negen, a student at Western Michigan Christian Academy in Norton Shores, for
winning the 2015 Congressional Art Competition
with his entry " Pyramid ."
Clay's artwork will hang in the U.S. Capitol for a year for all to see.
2nd Place went to
Ana Patchin from West Ottawa High School
for her work entitled "A Brave New World" and this year's 3rd place winner went to
Paige VandenBrink of Holland Christian High School
for her work "Unknown." This year's competition had 75 entries from 11 different schools which are records for both categories. It's great to see the arts alive and well in West Michigan!
Michigan Minute
Saluting Their Service : WWII Veterans share their stories with WWMT
A
piece of Michigan History updated : The SS Badger kicks off another season, the Ludington to Manitowoc Ferry is open for business!
Made In Michigan: Great tour of
Kautex CWC Plant in Muskegon
to see how they make camshafts and other automotive parts
Nothing says Tulip Time
like a little Dutch Dancing
Huizenga harbor bill passes U.S. House
with 'bi-coastal and bi-partisan' support
Regulation Nation:
Federal red tape costs Michigan families $14,976
annually
Engine for growth:
West Michigan's job growth numbers among best
in state
Grand Haven High School ranks among the top
high schools in the nation
Spectrum Health recognized as one of the
top health care systems across the country
And follow me on:
Washington, DC Office
1217 Longworth HOB
Washington, D.C. 20515
T (202) 225-4401
F (202) 226-0779
Grand Haven Office
1 South Harbor Ave. Suite 6B,
Grand Haven, MI 49417
T (616) 414-5516
F (616) 570-0934
Grandville Office
4555 Wilson Ave. SW Suite 3,
Grandville, MI 49418
T (616) 570-0917
F (616) 570-0934
UPDATE SUBSCRIPTION OPTIONS
|
PRIVACY POLICY
|
CONTACT US
Click Here Click Here