Copyright (c) 1996-2015 Constant Contact. All rights reserved.
Except as permitted under a separate
written agreement with Constant Contact, neither the Constant Contact software, nor any content that appears on any Constant Contact site,
including but not limited to, web pages, newsletters, or templates may be reproduced, republished, repurposed, or distributed without the
prior written permission of Constant Contact.
For inquiries regarding reproduction or distribution of any Constant Contact material, please
contact legal@constantcontact.com.
Mike Kelly's Weekly E-Newsletter
June 8, 2015
Follow me on Twitter!
Visit my YouTube page!
Click here to subscribe to my weekly
E-newsletter
My Offices
ERIE DISTRICT OFFICE 208 E. Bayfront Parkway Suite 102 Erie, PA 16507 Phone: (814) 454-8190 Fax: (814) 454-8197
BUTLER DISTRICT OFFICE
101 East Diamond St Suite 218 Butler, PA
16001 Phone: (724) 282-2557
Fax: (724) 282-3682
SHARON DISTRICT OFFICE
33 Chestnut Street Sharon, PA
16146 Phone: (724) 342-7170 Fax: (724) 342-7242
WASHINGTON, DC OFFICE
1519 Longworth HOB Washington, DC 20515 Phone: (202) 225-5406 Fax: (202) 225-3103
CRAWFORD COUNTY OFFICE Every Wednesday 9:00 a.m. - 4:00 p.m. 908 Diamond Park Meadville, PA 16335
ARMSTRONG COUNTY OFFICE
Every Thursday 9:00 a.m. - 4:00 p.m. 300 South McKean Street Kittanning, PA 16201
LAWRENCE COUNTY
Every Friday 9:00 a.m. - 4: 00 p.m. Lawrence County Courthouse 430 Court Street New Castle, PA
16101
Dear Friend, Last week, the Environmental Protection Agency sent the final draft of its controversial "Clean Power Plan" to regulate carbon
dioxide to the White House Office
of Management and Budget for interagency review.
This rule directly targets our nation's coal-fired power plants and will force many of them to shut down. It represents the fiercest blow to date in the Obama administration's war on coal which, as we know, is actually a war on American jobs and livelihoods.
In Pennsylvania alone, coal is responsible for 40,000 jobs and 40 percent of our electric power. The Associated Press rightly calls it "the workhorse of the US power system."
The decision to move forward with this plan cruelly disregards the needs of workers,
families, and seniors -- in Western Pennsylvania and elsewhere -- who rely on coal's benefits and will
feel very real pain in their pocketbooks and electric bills as a
result of it.
For these reasons, last week I proudly re-introduced
the Coal Country Protection Act
(H.R. 2637) - - a commonsense bill that would
stop
any new EPA regulations from affecting America's power plants until four specific outcomes are guaranteed:
No job losses
No loss in GDP/economic growth
No higher electric rates
No interruption in energy delivery
This legislation will defend hardworking Americans from the EPA's extreme overreach by stopping unfair, job-killing regulations in their tracks.
As we've witnessed over the past six years, the Obama administration will implement its radical environmental agenda at any cost. Our vigilance is crucial, and our fight is not optional.
This is about protecting not just coal country but our
whole
country!
Sincerely,
Rep. Kelly Outlines
Conservative Case for
Trade Promotion Authority
in Op-Ed for TIME
Rep. Kelly
authored a new guest opinion piece published at
TIME.com
this past week to describe why enacting
Trade Promotion Authority
(TPA) actually empowers Congress to supervise the Obama administration and that of future presidents for the sake of securing the strongest pro-growth trade agreements possible for America. The piece was featured by
TIME Ideas , which "hosts the world's leading voices, providing commentary and expertise on the most compelling events in news, society, and culture."
Excerpts of
Why Republicans Should Support 'Fast-Track' Authority for Obama -- and Congress :
Despite its nickname, TPA is carefully designed to give Congress a prolonged and unprecedented oversight role in the crafting of any trade agreement that a president may seek to negotiate. It is a critical watchdog mechanism for guaranteeing strong, job-creating agreements like the Trans-Pacific Partnership that will benefit American workers and ensure that our country is both shaping and dominating the global economy.
Most Democrats in Congress dislike both TPA and TPP for predictable ideological reasons. Many Republicans, however, seem to grasp the vast importance of the latter but are having trouble signing on to the former. They support the destination-pro-growth trade deals-but not the route for getting there.
This resistance stems mainly from a reluctance to grant President Barack Obama anything resembling more authority, along with the mythical notion that TPA would do such a thing. Yet an analysis by the nonpartisan Congressional Research Service has fully
confirmed
that "TPA grants no new authority to the President."
Nevertheless, many conservatives are still wary of approving TPA because of Obama's well-known appetite for unilateral action and apparent flagrant distaste for the Constitution's separation of powers. They believe his failure to uphold the "take care" clause and enforce laws he doesn't like to be equally foreboding.
As a vocal critic of the president, I strongly sympathize with these concerns.
When it comes to respecting the boundaries of his authority, Obama has indeed proved to be untrustworthy. I believe his executive overreaches on health care, immigration, environmental protection, and other issues have been outrageous and thus wholeheartedly concur that there is no good reason to grant him new power or to cede him any power currently possessed by Congress. Fortunately, TPA does neither of these things.
Again, as conservative legal expert John Yoo has
written , "Under fast track, the president does not exercise any new authority that he lacked before." In the
words
of conservative columnist Charles Krauthammer, "There is no congressional forfeiture of power."
If anything, distrust toward President Obama should make TPA more desirable, not less.
...
TPA makes it virtually impossible for Obama or any future president to keep the American people or their elected representatives in the dark.
Only if an administration follows every Congress-written negotiation objective and satisfies every Congress-centered consultation requirement can a trade agreement then receive a final vote in Congress. If an administration fails to fulfill its duties, then Congress can effectively turn TPA off-killing the trade deal in question altogether. And even once an agreement does get its day on the floor, there is still no guarantee that it will pass.
Considering all of the ironclad boxes that a president would have to check in order to turn his or her desired trade deal into reality, there is really nothing "fast" about TPA at all. In truth, a more accurate nickname for it would be "safe track" or even "smart track." With TPA enacted, caution and wisdom in the name of American interests will accompany a trade deal's creation from start to finish.
...
As the saying goes, even a broken clock is right twice a day. When it comes to TPA and the trade agreements to follow, the current administration is the broken clock. Conservatives in Congress should recognize the opportunity at hand and grant a crucial victory to the principles of American dominance, domestic prosperity, and government accountability that we hold so dear.
READ THE FULL PIECE HERE
NOTE:
Rep. Kelly is a member of the House Ways and Means Committee and an appointee on the President's Export Council.
Ways & Means Committee Approves Kelly Bill to Improve Medicare Advantage Transparency
Rep. Kelly's delivered the following remarks at last Tuesday's
full Ways & Means committee mark-up hearing
for H.R. 2505,
the Medicare Advantage Coverage Transparency Act of 2015 , which he introduced in the House of Representatives on May 21, 2015. The legislation will improve access to enrollment data in Medicare Advantage health plans by implementing an annual reporting requirement. The hearing featured the mark-up of
ten health care-related bills .
"H.R. 2505, the Medicare Advantage Coverage Transparency Act, is a bill to make Medicare Advantage coverage more transparent for our seniors. With the passage of H.R. 2505, the [Centers for Medicare & Medicaid Services] will be required to provide additional information on Medicare Advantage enrollment based on zip code, congressional district, and state. ... The purpose of this additional data is to provide greater information to the public, to policymakers, and to others in the health care community, so that they may have the benefit of more and better information when making these decisions.
"In 2014, the majority of the 54 million people on Medicare were in the traditional Medicare program, with 30 percent enrolled in Medicare Advantage plans. Since 2004, the number of beneficiaries enrolled in private plans has tripled from 5.3 million to 15.7 million in 2014. In my home state of Pennsylvania, 18 percent of the total population of the commonwealth is enrolled in some sort of Medicare. Of that 18 percent, 39 percent of Medicare beneficiaries are enrolled in Medicare Advantage plans. That means that about 7 percent of Pennsylvanians are enrolled in a Medicare Advantage plan.
"This legislation will give all of us, including me, the ability to know more information about how changes in Medicare Advantage plans in Washington will impact our constituents and our districts back home."
Video of the full hearing can be viewed here .
NOTE:
Rep. Kelly is
a recent recipient
of
the
2015 Medicare Part D Patient Access Champion Award
from the
Alliance for Patient Access (AfPA)
and the
National Association of Nutrition and Aging Services Programs (NANASP) . The award is given to "commend leadership on behalf of Medicare Part D, in addition to a Member of Congress' commitment to protecting the doctor/patient relationship and preserving the options and choices that are important to older Americans."
According to AfPA and NANASP, the
Medicare Part D Patient Access Champion Award
is given to Members of Congress who are:
Providing leadership in Congress to protect Medicare Part D on behalf of millions of American seniors and their families. Preserving a vast selection of health coverage options for seniors so that they may choose the best plan for their health needs. Ensuring access to affordable prescription drug coverage for seniors through the Medicare Part D program and opposing any efforts that would lead to increases in costs for seniors. Demonstrating a continued commitment to protect the doctor/patient relationship for seniors and opposing any efforts that might weaken it in any way. Opposing across the board cuts made by unelected boards. Representing senior constituents with individual issues before government agencies so that they receive the benefits and services they have earned. Supporting government services and necessary funding for senior programs in the Representative's district.
Rep. Kelly has also been
declared
a
2015 Medicare Advantage Champion
by
the Coalition for Medicare Choices .
WEEKLY PHOTO
Last Thursday, Rep. Kelly met with members of the American Physical Therapy Association from the Third District.
Forward this email This email was sent to dj724530@gmail.com by
thomas.qualtere@mail.house.gov
|
Update Profile/Email Address
|
Rapid removal with
SafeUnsubscribe &trade;
|
Privacy Policy . The Office of Representative Mike Kelly
|
1519 Longworth House Office Building
|
Washington
|
DC
|
20515
