
[if (gte mso 9)]>
<![endif]
Rep. Bob Goodlatte
USA
Freedom Act Protects Civil Liberties
and
National Security
Almost two years ago, we learned that the
National Security Agency (NSA) was collecting, in bulk, Americans&rsquo; telephone records. Twenty-four hours a day, seven days a week, countless
telephone metadata records are flowing into the NSA. Since then, the American people have made it clear that we need to rein in our nation&rsquo;s
intelligence-gathering programs and end this assault on civil liberties. I wholeheartedly agree that this program threatens Americans&rsquo; civil
liberties and privacy.
Despite President Obama&rsquo;s announced
changes to this NSA program last year as well as the Second Circuit Court of Appeals&rsquo; recent ruling that the government&rsquo;s bulk collection
program exceeds what is authorized under the law, the bulk collection of records has not ceased and will not cease unless Congress acts to shut it
down. Last year, the House passed legislation to do just that, but the Senate failed to act.
Allowing the NSA&rsquo;s bulk collection program
to continue operating in this way is not an option.
This past week, the House acted once again to put an end to it.
The
USA Freedom Act , which
passed overwhelmingly by a vote of 338 to 88 , contains the most
sweeping set of reforms to government surveillance practices in nearly 40 years. This strong, bipartisan bill ends bulk collection once and for all,
enhances civil liberties protections, increases transparency for both American businesses and the government, and provides national security officials
targeted tools to keep America safe.
The terrorist threat is real
and ongoing &ndash; we must always be aware of the threats we face. We cannot prevent terrorist attacks unless we can first identify and then
intercept terrorists. At the same time, Congress must ensure that the laws we have enacted are always protecting our civil liberties. The
USA
Freedom Act
takes both of these concerns into account. For example, it closes loopholes that make it difficult for the government to track
suspected foreign terrorists, such as members of ISIS, as they enter and leave the United States. It also creates a panel of legal experts on matters
of privacy and civil liberties to advise the court as it reviews the government&rsquo;s requests for information.
Americans&rsquo; liberty and America&rsquo;s security must co-exist.
These fundamental
concepts are not mutually exclusive. They are embedded in the very fabric that makes this nation great and that makes this nation an example for the
world. The
USA Freedom Act
is essential in maintaining high levels of civil liberties protections and national security.
Reforming
our nation&rsquo;s intelligence-gathering programs is not a partisan issue, it&rsquo;s an American issue.
Republicans and Democrats in the
House and Senate as well as President Obama have come together in support of this historic legislation. The Senate should not delay reform
again.
VIDEO:
Want to learn more about the USA
Freedom Act?
Watch this
video
for five things you need to know.
National Police Week 2015
This week,
as we marked National Police Week, the House of Representatives also passed the
Rafael Ramos and
Wenjian Liu National Blue Alert Act of 2015 .
Last
year, 127 men and women gave their
lives while protecting Americans&rsquo;
public safety, including 3 officers in Virginia. I thank the law
enforcement community for their service and
sacrifice.
It was an honor to speak in support of this bill on the House floor.
Click here.
The
National Blue Alert Act
reaffirms Congress&rsquo; commitment to ensure the
safety of the men
and women in our nation&rsquo;s law enforcement communities
and the citizens they serve and protect every day.
This
bill is named after New
York City police officers Rafael Ramos and
Wenjian Liu who, in December 2014, were murdered in cold blood by a
malevolent killer who traveled from
Baltimore to Brooklyn with the
stated intention of shooting police officers. This bill &ndash; a tribute to
their service and sacrifice &ndash; will
hopefully spare other families from
the pain of losing a loved one.
House Acts to Protect
Life
As a father who recently became a grandfather, I know that the gift of life must be
protected. This week,
the House passed
the
Pain-Capable
Unborn Child Protection Act , which
would
ban abortions after 20
weeks of pregnancy, post-fertilization -- the
point at which scientific evidence shows the unborn can experience great
suffering.
This bipartisan bill is a victory for the most innocent and defenseless among us, our children. The
majority
of the American people support a ban at 20 weeks or
earlier. Delivered or not, babies are babies, and they can feel pain at least by 20 weeks after conception. It is time to welcome young children who
can feel pain into the human family. These babies deserve to live.
Your Weekend
Read:
How can we force Congress to tackle real tax
reform? By putting an expiration date on the current tax code.
Read more in my
USA Today
piece.
# # #
www.Goodlatte.House.Gov
This message was
generated from an unattended mailbox.
Should you have further questions, please visit the &quot; Contact Bob &quot;
section of my website or call my office at (202) 225-5431.
This message was intended for:
dj724530@gmail.com
You were added to the system November 2, 2013.
For more information
click here .
Update your preferences
Unsubscribe
|
Unsubscribe via email
