
Mail begin
If you are having trouble viewing this message
or would like to share it on a social network, you can
view the message online .
June 12, 2015
Unsubscribe
Update My Profile
Website
|
About Doug
|
Constituent Services
|
Issues &amp; Legislation
|
News
|
Contact
Doug
Opposing TAA (Trade Adjustment Assistance) and
Increasing Trade Transparency
6/12/15
Congressman Doug
Lamborn has issued the following statement regarding trade
legislation:
"Time and time again,
President Obama has abused the trust of Congress and the American people. On
issues ranging from healthcare regulations to illegal immigration, he
has said one thing and done another. This approach has poisoned his
relationship with both parties in Congress and made it extraordinarily
difficult to work on many issues. He has maintained this self-centered
attitude with trade negotiations. That's why the Congress has to step
in and roll back these abuses of negotiating power and shine a harsh
light on his trade proposals.
Of the multiple pieces of trade legislation
considered this week, Trade Adjustment Assistance (TAA) was the most
egregious. This bloated, wasteful, and unsuccessful program is a
budget-busting handout designed to placate union activists. Chicago-style politics
like this has no place in any open and straightforward trade
negotiations, and that's why I opposed TAA.
I support free trade. One of every five jobs in America
depends on trade and 96% of the customers and consumers of the world are
located outside of the United States. In Colorado alone, over
700,000 jobs are related to trade and we export over $22
billion. It is very important that I clear up some misperceptions that have
grown up around this topic: voting for Trade Promotion Authority does not
automatically mean that I support the Trans Pacific Partnership Trade
Agreement.
Also, Trade Promotion Authority allows Congress and
the American people an open and transparent opportunity to review the
TPP.
Honesty and
integrity is important to this process. That is why I supported the Trade
Facilitation and Trade Enforcement Act to ensure that any future Trans
Pacific Partnership Trade Agreement won't include any provisions dealing
with immigration, global warming, or climate change. This bill also
makes sure that trade rules are properly enforced and bolsters our
trade relationships with allies like
Israel.
Right now, that process is not open and transparent.
Just this week, I reviewed portions of the TPP. I was kept in a
secure room in a basement and was allowed to see the document only in
secret. They wouldnt even let me take notes! Trade Promotion Authority
changes this process for the better. Thats why this bill is so
important. It ensures that Congress will have an up-or-down vote on the
trade agreements being negotiated by the Obama
Administration. Trade Promotion Authority brings Congress and the American people into the
discussions and ensures that everything is done in the light of day.
It empowers Members of Congress as advisors and negotiators with the
right to attend trade negotiations and receive consultations from the
US Trade Representative. Most importantly, it will require that the
full text of any potential trade deal be publically available to the
American people at least 60 days before the completion of any
deal.
Trade Promotion
Authority is constitutional because it allows Congress to retain its authority
to approve or reject trade agreements. If we dont pass TPA, we will
cede this authority to President Obama. I want to be crystal clear
with people, this bill does not grant any new authority to President
Obama, period. In fact, it makes it more difficult for him to negotiate
and implement secret plans and programs with other
nations.
The population growth and the
economic trends of the next few decades are all projected to take
place in the Pacific region. China is aggressively and effectively
negotiating in the region. If the United States is not in the
drivers seat creating conditions for Free Trade, China will be in charge
of making the rules and rigging the game in one of the most important
regions of the world. The TPA excludes China.
We must ask ourselves this simple
question, is China going to make the rules of our global economy, or will
the United States continue to lead, as we always
have?"
- Congressman Doug Lamborn
(CO-05)
Contact Info
WASHINGTON OFFICE
2402 Rayburn HOB
Washington, DC 20515
Phone:
(202) 225-4422
Fax: (202) 226-2638
DISTRICT OFFICE
1125 Kelly Johnson Blvd.,
Suite 330
Colorado Springs, CO 80920
Phone: (719) 520-0055
Fax: (719) 520-0840
DISTRICT OFFICE
415 Main Street
Buena Vista, CO 81211
Phone: (719) 520-0055
Fax: (719)
520-0840
Update My Profile
-
Unsubscribe
-
Privacy
Policy
gateway mail end 