
If you are having trouble viewing
this message or would like to share it on a social network, you can
view the message
online .
Home
Contact Me
About
Services
News
Issues
May 17, 2015
Dear
David,
This week was National Police Week and so a
number of our Minnesota law enforcement members were in Washington to
participate in memorials dedicated to fallen officers and talk about
issues affecting their occupation. Congress took action on several
legislative initiatives in support of our law enforcement officers,
including a bill I authored that is now on it's way to the President to be
signed into law. You can read more about what my legislation does
below.
And, I'm staying active in promoting a robust
American trade agenda. I spoke to the U.S. Global Leadership Coalition
in Bloomington to highlight the opportunities trade presents for
creating a healthier economy in Minnesota by selling American goods and
services around the world -- 95% of the world's consumers live outside
the United States. Trade also gives America the opportunity to set
the rules using our standards and values, instead of countries like
China. You can read more
about my speech
here .
If I can
be of help to you or your family, dont hesitate to give my office a
call. Join the conversation online by visiting my
website ,
Facebook page ,
Twitter , and don't forget to watch my weekly video,
Erik's Correspondence Corner .
Sincerely,
Erik
Paulsen
Member of Congress
Supporting the Families of our Police Officers,
Firefighters, and EMTs
Every day, our nations police
officers, firefighters, and EMTs put their lives on the line to keep their
communities safe. It's important that these public safety officers
know that we support them and the job they do. Legislation I authored to
support families of fallen public safety officers passed the House of
Representatives and the Senate in unanimous votes this
week.
The bill, H.R. 606, the
Dont Tax Our Fallen Public Safety
Heroes Act , clarifies federal law to make sure that both federal and
state benefits for fallen public safety officers are not subject to
federal income tax. There has been some question if these death benefits
were eligible for taxation by the IRS -- including a New Hampshire
family whose tax status remains unclear over a year after a family
member was killed in the line of duty. This is wrong and my legislation
will give certainty to our public safety officers and their loved ones.
It now heads to the President's desk to be signed into law.
Watch video of me speaking on the House floor in favor of
my bill .
Oversight of Iran Nuclear
Negotiations
Congress is united in its understanding
that a nuclear Iran poses a threat to the United States, Israel, the
Middle East and the world. This week, the House passed the
Iran
Nuclear Agreement Review Act
in an overwhelmingly bipartisan vote to
ensure that any potential agreement negotiated with Iran for its
nuclear program is fully reviewed by
Congress.
Minnetonka Student Receives Congressional Award
It was
exciting to present Hopkins High School senior Katherine Craemer with
a Congressional Award silver medal. The Congressional Award is given
to young Americans that set and meet goals in four program areas;
voluntary public service, personal development, physical fitness, and
expedition/exploration. Congress established the award in 1979 and youth
between ages 13 and 23 are eligible to participate.
In order
to qualify for a silver medal, a participant must devote a minimum of
400 hours and 12 months to the program. For her Voluntary Public
Service, Katherine spent her time assisting at Methodist Hospital and
Chapel View Nursing Home. The silver medal is a tangible award that
recognizes the intangible benefits of developing initiative, serving others,
and reaching personal goals. Congratulations Katherine on your
hard-earned award!
Erik takes
pictures with 9th graders from Edina's Valley View Middle School on the
Capitol steps.
Congressman Paulsen tours
Minnesota's Pearson's Candy, where they make Nut Goodies and Salted
Nut Rolls.
Erik talks to Elroy at his Congress on Your Corner event in
Rogers.
###
Unsubscribe
|
Update My Profile
|
Privacy Policy
gateway mail end
