
If you are having trouble viewing this
message or would like to share it on a social network, you can
view the message online .
June 09, 2015
Unsubscribe
Update My Profile
Website
|
About
Doug
|
District Map
|
Constituent Services
|
Issues &amp; Legislation
|
News
|
Contact |
Dear Friend,
It seems that with
each passing week, we hear about more scandalous behavior from the VA
Department. I am sick and tired and fed up with the distortions and
manipulations from the bureaucrats. We must preserve the sacred trust with
our veterans and provide them with the care and respect that they have
earned. Anything that falls short disrespects them and all who have
worn the uniform.
That's why I'm ramping up pressure on VA officials in every committee
hearing and meeting that I can. I know that those of us in Congress are
doing everything possible, including allocating additional funding, to
fix these systemic problems. Until the President engages and uses his
executive power and responsibility to fix the messes in his VA
Department, progress will continue to be painfully
slow.
As the Vice Chairman of the Strategic
Forces Subcommittee, I was recently able to attend a working trip to
inspect missile defense sites in the Pacific. As the Co-Chair of the
Missile Defense Caucus in Congress, it was very informative to see up
close the technology defending our homeland and our brave men and women
deployed abroad.
We continue to work through the annual appropriations process. This
past week, we passed the
Commerce, Justice,
Science, and Related Agencies Appropriation Act of
2016.
Please let me know if you require any assistance
with a federal government agency by contacting my local office at (719)
520-0055.
I am
honored to serve as your Representative in
Washington.
Sincerely,
VISITING MISSILE DEFENSE
SITES
Here are a few pictures from the recent Strategic Forces Subcommittee
visit to missile defense sites in the Pacific region. We visited
Ground-Based Midcourse Defense, Aegis Ballistic Missile Defense, Terminal
High Altitude Area Defense, and Patriot Missile
sites.
The group was also able to meet our forces in
Korea and thank them for their
service.
STANDING UP FOR
VETERANS
In
the House Veterans Affairs Oversight and Investigations
Subcommittee, I questioned VA officials regarding Circumvention of Contracts in
the Provision of Non-VA
Healthcare."
Please
click
HERE
to watch the first round of
questioning
Please click
HERE
to watch the second round of
questioning
During a joint hearing of the House and Senate Veterans
Affairs Committees, I questioned multiple Veterans Service Organizations
(VSOs) on best practices to transition military members into the VA
healthcare system. VSOs represented at the hearing included: Paralyzed
Veterans of America, American Veterans, Military Officers Association
of America, Military Order of the Purple Heart, Iraq and Afghanistan
Veterans of America, Vietnam Veterans of America, Board of Veterans
Appeals, and the Non-Commissioned Officers
Association.
**NOTE: Congressman Lamborn calls
for the completion of the Aurora VA Hospital in his opening
remarks**
Please click
HERE
to watch
the discussion
APPROPRIATIONS
UPDATE
I supported H.R. 2578, the
Commerce, Justice, Science, and Related Agencies Appropriation Act of 2016.
The bill covers the Department of Commerce, the Department of Justice,
the National Aeronautics and Space Administration (NASA), the
National Science Foundation (NSF), among other agencies. The bill is $661
million below President Obama's budget
requests.
I also offered an amendment designed
to prohibit the ATF from using funding to utilize license plate readers to
collect information on individuals attending gun shows. Under this program,
mere attendance at a gun show would have been enough to have ones
attendance recorded in a massive DEA database whose primary purpose is
asset forfeiture, a controversial practice of seizing motorists
possessions if police suspect they are criminal proceeds. Many of the
seizures taking place without any evidence of criminal
wrongdoing.
This amendment was supported by
the National Rifle Association, the Gun Owners of America, and the
American Civil Liberties Union. Unfortunately, Democrats used a
parliamentarian gimmick to prohibit consideration of the
amendment.
The House has worked
diligently to provide the most efficient investments possible to these
agencies. Many amendments were added strengthening the Second Amendment rights
of Americans, toughening anti-drug measures, and assisting veterans
with mental health issues. Our prudent investments will allow America
to continue to serve as a global leader in the fields of
counterterrorism, law enforcement, space exploration, scientific research, and
cybersecurity.
Bill
Highlights (Courtesy of House Appropriations
Committee)
Department of Justice (DOJ)
The
bill funds DOJ at $27.5 billion, an increase of $852 million above
the fiscal year 2015 enacted level. This funding will strengthen
critical investigation, law enforcement, and prosecution activities to
protect the safety and well-being of communities across the
country.
Federal Bureau of Investigation
(FBI)
The bill includes $8.6 billion for the FBI
an increase of
$111 million above the fiscal year 2015 enacted level. Within this
funding, priority is given to counterterrorism, counterintelligence, and
cybercrime.
Drug
Enforcement Administration (DEA)
The DEA is funded at $2.4 billion in the
legislation, an increase of $45 million above the fiscal year 2015
enacted level. This includes $372 million for regulatory and enforcement
efforts to combat prescription drug
abuse.
Bureau of Alcohol, Tobacco, Firearms and Explosives
(ATF)
The legislation contains $1.25 billion for the ATF, $49 million
above the fiscal year 2015 enacted level. The bill continues all
provisions carried in previous years related to Second Amendment rights,
and makes four of these provisions permanent law. Also included is a
provision prohibiting funding for an unauthorized reporting and
registration requirement on the sale of multiple rifles to the same person in
various border states.
Grant Programs
The bill includes a total of $2 billion for various
grant programs, a reduction of $334 million below the fiscal year 2015
enacted level. Within this amount, funds are targeted to the
highest-priority national programs, including $474 million for Violence
Against
Women programs (an
increase of $44 million), $409 million for Byrne Justice Assistance Grants
(an increase of $33 million), $220 million for the State Criminal
Alien Assistance Program (which the President proposed to eliminate), and
$68 million for missing and exploited children
programs.
In addition, the bill creates a
new, $50 million Community Trust Initiative. This will fund efforts
to improve the safety of local communities and support police
training and research, including: $15 million for body camera pilots and
research, $30 million for justice reform and collaboration efforts, and $5
million for improved statistics
collection.
National Aeronautics and Space Administration
(NASA)
NASA is funded at $18.5 billion in the bill, $519 million above
the 2015 enacted level. This funding
includes:
$4.8 billion for Exploration
$403 million
above the fiscal year 2015 enacted level. This includes funding to
continue the development of the Orion Multi-Purpose Crew Vehicle and Space
Launch System flight program, and to continue progress in the
commercial crew program.
$5.2
billion for NASA Science programs
$7 million below the 2015 enacted
level. This includes funding above the Presidents request for planetary
science to ensure the continuation of critical research and
development programs.
Department
of Commerce
The bill includes $8.2 billion for the Commerce
Department, a reduction of $251 million below the fiscal year 2015 enacted
level and $1.6 billion below the Presidents request for these programs.
This includes funding for the following
agencies:
Patent and Trademark Office (PTO)
The bill
provides $3.3 billion for the PTO, which is equal to the estimated
amount of fees to be collected by the PTO during fiscal year 2016. The
bill also includes a provision that allows the PTO to use any fees in
excess of the estimated collected amount, subject to congressional
approval.
National
Institute of Standards and Technology (NIST)
NIST is funded at $855
million in the bill, which is $9 million below the fiscal year 2015
enacted level. Within this total, important core research activities are
funded at $675 million to help advance U.S. competitiveness, innovation,
and economic growth, and to improve cyber
security.
National Oceanic and Atmospheric
Administration (NOAA)
The legislation contains $5.2 billion for NOAA, which
is $274 million below the enacted level. Within this total, the
National Weather Service is funded at $968 million
$4 million above the
Presidents request. The bill also includes full funding for the
continuation of the current Joint Polar Satellite System weather satellite
program and the Geostationary Operational Environmental Satellite program
to help maintain and improve weather forecasting to warn communities
about potentially devastating natural
disasters..
Census Bureau
The Census Bureau is funded
at $1.1 billion in the bill, $25 million above the fiscal year 2015
enacted level and $387 million below the request. The additional funding
is for research and planning activities as we approach the next
decennial census. .
National
Science Foundation (NSF)
The legislation funds NSF at $7.4 billion,
an increase of $50 million above the fiscal year 2015 enacted level.
This funding is targeted to programs that foster innovation and U.S.
economic competitiveness, including funding for research on advanced
manufacturing, cybersecurity, neuroscience and STEM
education.
Savings
The bill makes
reductions to several lower-priority programs for a savings of over $400
million compared to fiscal year 2015, and it rescinds $375 million in unused
prior year funds.
Other
Provisions
The bill includes several policy provisions, such
as:
Continuation of a
prohibition on the transfer or release of Guantanamo detainees into the
U.S.;
Continuation of various
existing provisions related to
firearms;
A prohibition on NASA and the Office of Science and
Technology Policy engaging in bilateral activities with China unless
authorized or certified via procedures established in the
bill;
Prohibits funds for exports to
the Cuban military officers or their
families;
Continues language prohibiting funds to
relinquish the responsibility of Department of Commerce with respect to
Internet domain name system functions;
and
A continuation of existing policies related to the
sanctity of
life.
SCENES FROM
WASHINGTON D.C.
Former Senator Ben Nighthorse
Campbell stopped by my office to discuss the Native American Indian
Education Act. I am a cosponsor of this important
bill.
Honored to join Brigadier General
William Cooley, Director GPS Directorate, Space and Missile Systems
Center, Caitlin Durkovich, Assistant Secretary for Infrastructure
Protection, Department of Homeland Security, and Harold Martin III, Director,
National Coordination Office for Space-Based Positioning, Navigation
and Timing as the Co-Chairman of the Space Power Caucus in speaking at
an event on the modernization of the Global Positioning
System.
Honored to meet with
Colonel Damon Feltman, Commander 310th Space Wing Schriever AFB and Tech
Sergeant Joseph Ramos, 310th Space Wing NCO of the
Year.
I enjoyed meeting with Space
Foundation CEO Elliot Pulham and my Space Power Caucus Co-Chair Congressman
Adam Schiff.
We discussed the success of the 31st Annual Space
Symposium at the Broadmoor and the advocacy role of the Space Power
Caucus.
It was an honor to join Senator
Gardner and the rest of my Congressional colleagues in welcoming the
annual Colorado Capital Conference to Washington DC.
In partnership
with Colorado Mesa University, the CCC provides an inside look at the
legislative process and insights that will allow the participants to
have a greater role in the process of improving
Colorado.
Thank you to Colonel Jack
Pittman for taking the time to meet with me and update me on the 302nd
Airlift Wing at Peterson AFB.
This wing is home to the heroic MAFFS
aerial firefighters. Colonel Pittman discussed several wing success
stories, including the Colorado Springs Regional Command Post, the
Active/Reserve co-located Force Support squadrons, and the outstanding
support provided by the host wing (21st Space
Wing).
Meeting a World War II Fighter Ace after he was
honored, alongside other American Fighter Aces, with the Congressional Gold
Medal.
I enjoyed meeting with Space Foundation CEO
Elliot Pulham and my Space Power Caucus Co-Chair Congressman Adam
Schiff.
We discussed the success of the 31st Annual Space Symposium at
the Broadmoor and the advocacy role of the Space Power
Caucus.
Interesting Articles
and Recommended Reading
EPA's Amphibious
Attack
by the Wall Street
Journal
The
Assisted-Suicide Movement Goes on Life Support
by Aaron Kheriaty
What We Don't Know About Iran Could Hurt
Us
by Forbes
There Are Only Five Hours Left to the Fast
by Israel National
News
Social Media Update
If you would like to follow me on twitter please
find me at
@RepDLamborn
On
my
Facebook
this week constituents shared their thoughts on Trade
Promotion Authority
Fred
Beisser
-
It might be handy to know
what is actually in the draft agreement, why is it being
hidden?
Nicole
Butler
-
I would like
to sink my teeth into the actually draft. I never believe someone who
says that they have read it, paraphrases it, and says it is good for
me. That is how cults are formed. Let me read it for myself and
decide.
Jim Alexander
-
Most transparent admin in history is really the most
secretive. What's in it? No one knows.
CONTACT INFORMATION
WASHINGTON
OFFICE
2402 Rayburn HOB |
Washington, DC
20515
Phone: (202) 225-4422
Fax: (202) 226-2638
DISTRICT OFFICES 1125 Kelly
Johnson Blvd., Suite 330
Colorado Springs, CO 80920
Phone: (719) 520-0055 |
Fax: (719)
520-0840
DISTRICT OFFICES
415 Main
Street |
Buena Vista, CO 81211
Phone:
(719) 520-0055 |
Fax: (719) 520-0840
Update My Profile
-
Unsubscribe
-
Privacy
Policy
gateway
mail end 