
Trouble viewing this email?
Click here to open this message in your browser.
May 9, 2015
Dear Friends,
I would like to share this week&rsquo;s edition of Jackie&rsquo;s Reading Picks, a compilation of articles that have piqued my interest over the week. You can find this week&rsquo;s selection and others on my website in the
Jackie&rsquo;s Reading Picks
section.
Happy reading!
All the best,
Health Insurance Companies Are Illegally Charging for
Birth Control
By ANNA MERLAN, Jezebel
One of the provisions of the Affordable Care Act is that birth control methods &mdash; be it pill, patch, shot, ring &mdash; are supposed to be covered by insurance companies without a co-pay or other charges. But two studies from the National Women&rsquo;s Law Center have found that many insurance companies are still charging for birth control, exploiting loopholes that may take years to close.
In two &ldquo;State of Coverage&rdquo; reports, which you can read
here , the NWLC found that many major insurers are ignoring the ACA&rsquo;s new rule that FDA-approved birth control methods should be covered without a co-pay. Insurers do things like putting all hormonal birth control methods together into one category, then pay for just one or two of them. Others don&rsquo;t cover sterilization, although it&rsquo;s an approved birth control method that some women might choose, or impose arbitrary age limits, refusing to cover birth control for women over 50. (Which raises the question: do they think women are continuing to take birth control after 50 for the hell of it? Presumably they&rsquo;re doing it because they can still get pregnant and would rather not.)
Read more
here .
Inside the School Silicon Valley Thinks Will Save Education
by ISSIE LAPOWSKY, Wired
So you're a parent, thinking about sending your 7-year-old to this rogue startup of a school you heard about from your friend&rsquo;s neighbor&rsquo;s sister. It&rsquo;s prospective parent information day, and you make the trek to San Francisco&rsquo;s South of Market neighborhood. You walk up to the second floor of the school, file into a glass-walled conference room overlooking a classroom, and take a seat alongside dozens of other parents who, like you, feel that public schools&mdash;with their endless bubble-filled tests, 38-kid classrooms, and antiquated approach to learning&mdash;just aren&rsquo;t cutting it.
At the same time, you&rsquo;re thinking: this school is kind of weird.
On one side of the glass is a cheery little scene, with two teachers leading two different middle school lessons on opposite ends of the room. But on the other side is something altogether unusual: an airy and open office with vaulted ceilings, sunlight streaming onto low-slung couches, and rows of hoodie-wearing employees typing away on their computers while munching on free snacks from the kitchen. And while you can&rsquo;t quite be sure, you think that might be a robot on wheels roaming about.
Read more
here .
The Price of Nice Nails
by SARAH MASLIN NIR, NY Times
The women begin to arrive just before 8 a.m., every day and without fail, until there are thickets of young Asian and Hispanic women on nearly every street corner along the main roads of Flushing, Queens. As if on cue, cavalcades of battered Ford Econoline vans grumble to the curbs, and the women jump in. It is the start of another workday for legions of New York City&rsquo;s manicurists, who are hurtled to nail salons across three states. They will not return until late at night, after working 10- to 12-hour shifts, hunched over fingers and toes.
On a morning last May, Jing Ren, a 20-year-old who had recently arrived from China, stood among them for the first time, headed to a job at a salon in a Long Island strip mall. Her hair neat and glasses perpetually askew, she clutched her lunch and a packet of nail tools that manicurists must bring from job to job. Tucked in her pocket was $100 in carefully folded bills for another expense: the fee the salon owner charges each new employee for her job. The deal was the same as it is for beginning manicurists in almost any salon in the New York area. She would work for no wages, subsisting on meager tips, until her boss decided she was skillful enough to merit a wage.
Read more
here .
The Most Diverse Cities Are Often The Most Segregated
By NATE SILVER, FiveThirtyEight
When I was a freshman at the University of Chicago in 1996, I heard the same thing again and again: Do not leave the boundaries of Hyde Park. Do not go north of 47th Street. Do not go south of 61st Street. Do not go west of Cottage Grove Avenue.
These boundaries were fairly explicit, almost to the point of being an official university policy. The campus police department was not committed to protecting students beyond the area,2 and the campus safety brochure advised students not to use the &ldquo;El&rdquo; train stops just a couple of blocks beyond them unless &ldquo;traveling in groups and during the daytime.&rdquo;
What usually wasn&rsquo;t said &mdash; on a campus that brags about the diversity of its urban setting but where only about 5 percent of students are black &mdash; was that the neighborhoods beyond these boundaries were overwhelmingly black and poor. The U. of C. has, for many decades, treated Hyde Park as its &ldquo;fortress on the South Side,&rdquo; and its legacy of trying to keep its students within the neighborhood &mdash; and the black residents of surrounding communities out &mdash; has left its mark on Chicago.
Read more
here .
Whooping Cough Vaccine's Protection Fades Quickly
By LISA ALFERIS, NPR
Lately, Californians have been focused on a measles outbreak that got its start at Disneyland. But in the past five years, state health officials have declared epidemics of whooping cough twice &mdash; in 2010 and in 2014, when 11,000 people were sickened and three infants died.
Now an analysis of a recent whooping cough epidemic in Washington state shows that the effectiveness of the Tdap vaccine used to fight the illness (also known as pertussis) waned significantly. For adolescents who received all their shots, effectiveness within one year of the final booster was 73 percent. The effectiveness rate plummeted to 34 percent within two to four years.
Read more
here .
Unsubscribe from future mailings.
Washington D.C. Office
2465 Rayburn House Office Building
Washington, DC 20515
Phone: (202) 225-3531
Fax: (202) 226-4183
San Mateo Office
155 Bovet Road, Suite 780
San Mateo, CA 94402
Phone: (650) 342-0300
Fax: (650) 375-8270
