DOCTYPE html
May 31, 2015
Congressman McHenry Weekly Update
Five NC-10 Appointees to Our Service Academies
Each year, I have the pleasure of interviewing bright and intelligent young folks from across the 10th District who seek appointments to our nation's service academies. Our service academies are among our greatest colleges, offering fine instructors and a rigorous course load. This week, I was
proud to announce the five 10th District appointees
to the service academies for 2015. On Thursday four of the five appointees joined me at my Hickory office for a reception in their honor.
On the left below is Krysta Przestrzelski of Swannanoa and, on the right, Tyler Mispley of Stanley both of whom will be attending the U.S. Naval Academy.
On the left below is Zoe Barnette of Kings Mountain who will attend the Air Force Academy. On the right is Nathaniel Meade of Hickory who will be attending the U.S. Military Academy at West Point.
Our fifth appointee, Anabella Motley of Asheville, was unable to attend Thursday's reception. She will be joining Krysta and Tyler at the U.S. Naval Academy. Congratulations to all five appointees on this tremendous accomplishment. I have no doubt they will be great representatives for the 10th District at the academies and, after graduation, as they serve as officers in the armed forces.
You can read more about Thursday's reception in the
Lincoln Times-News . For additional photos from Thursday's ceremony, please visit my
Facebook
and
Instagram
pages.
Recognizing the 10th District's Art Contest Winner
On Thursday I also welcomed Evette Terhon-Hernandez to my Hickory office to congratulate her on winning the 10th District's annual Congressional Art Contest.
Evette was
previously announced as the winner
for her artwork "Little Patriot," which can be seen below. Evette, a student at Maiden High School, was joined at Thursday's celebration by her parents Pedro and Bibiana, her art teacher Elizabeth Taylor, and Maiden High principal Rob Bliss.
I look forward to seeing Evette's work as I walk through the U.S. Capitol where it will be prominently displayed for the year ahead. For additional photos from Thursday's event, please visit my
Facebook
and
Instagram
pages.
Visits Across NC-10
Following a holiday weekend with family and friends remembering our fallen heroes, I spent the week making visits across the 10th District. On Wednesday I visited the Mount Holly Historical Society. The society was founded in 2010 to preserve the history of Mount Holly and northeastern Gaston County. The museum features a number of fascinating exhibits highlighting the area's history.
I spent Thursday and Friday in Buncombe County. My first stop on Thursday was to the Buncombe County Emergency Communications Center in Asheville. While there I met with staff and learned about the vital role they play in protecting Buncombe County residents. The communications center is responsible for dispatching all fire, EMS, and law enforcement calls in the county. Special thanks to Buncombe County Emergency Services Director Jerry VeHaun for hosting me and leading my tour of the facility.
While in Asheville, I also had the opportunity to speak with the local media. Thursday I joined Pete Kaliner on his daily show to discuss all that has been going on in Congress in recent weeks. Friday morning, I joined WLOS' Evan Donovan to talk about my work in Washington serving NC-10. Video of the interview can be found
here .
For additional photos from my visits across the 10th District, be sure to like my
Facebook page
and follow me on
Instagram
and
Twitter .
What I Have Been Reading
She spelled for a nation
Gaston Gazette
Great to see another 10th District representative in the annual Scripps National Spelling Bee. This year, Gastonia's Kayleigh Guffey represented our area in the bee. Kayleigh had won the
Gaston Gazette's
annual competition advancing to the finals, held in the Washington suburbs. While Kayleigh did not win, making it this far is a significant accomplishment. Congratulations Kayleigh!
Appeals court rules against Obama on immigration program
The Washington Post
Very important ruling from the 5th Circuit Court of Appeals this week as they denied the Obama Administration's request to lift the block on President Obama's immigration executive actions. I signed on to a brief supporting the states' challenge to the President's illegal orders and I am glad to see the 5th Circuit make the correct decision. President Obama's actions went well beyond his powers something he himself has acknowledged over 20 times and I will continue to fight them in any way I can going forward.
Class of 2015 faces grim job hunt
Politico
As college students in the 10th District and across the state graduate, they are coming up against the distressing reality of our nation's job market. While unemployment rates continue to fall, countless college graduates are not seeing any gain as they continue to see unemployment rates higher than the national average.
The story above highlights what recent graduates are facing as they enter the next stage of their lives.
WASHINGTON, D.C. OFFICE
2334 Rayburn HOB
Washington, D.C. 20515
Telephone: 202.225.2576
Fax: 202.225.0316
HICKORY DISTRICT OFFICE
87 4th St. NW, Ste A, PO Box 1830
Hickory, NC 28603
Telephone: 828.327.6100
Toll-Free in NC: 800.477.2576
Fax: 828.327.8311
GASTONIA DISTRICT OFFICE
Suite 115
Gaston Co. Administrative Bldg
128 West Main Avenue
Gastonia, NC 28053
Telephone: 704.833.0096
BLACK MTN. DISTRICT OFFICE
160 Midland Avenue
Black Mountain, NC 28711
Telephone: 828.669.0600
Click Here Click Here