
If you are
having trouble viewing this message or would like to share it on a
social network, you can
view
the message online .
HOME
ABOUT
SERVING YOU
WHERE I STAND
MEDIA
CENTER
CONTACT
ME
May 27, 2015
Dear Friends,
Representing South
Florida in Congress is a one of the highest honors I could ever
achieve.
Every day, I work hard to ensure that your voice is heard in
Washington.
Although I enjoy working on behalf of our community in
DC, one of the most rewarding aspects of my job as a Member of Congress
is the ability to help you, my
constituents.
Oftentimes, our residents do not know where to turn when they have a problem
or question regarding a federal agency. My Miami district office,
located at 4960 SW 72 Ave, Suite 208, Miami, FL 33155, is ready to help
with any federal questions you might have. If you are unable to visit,
you can reach my office Monday
Friday at 305-668-2285 or through my
website at
ros-lehtinen.house.gov . Some of the
ways we can help you include:
Help
with Federal Agencies
Many federal agencies are a bureaucratic maze that can prove
impossible to navigate.
If you feel that you have been treated unfairly
or are unable to obtain an answer on a pending case or claim from the
Social Security Administration, Centers for Medicare and Medicaid,
the Department of State, the U.S. Citizenship and Immigration Services,
or any federal agency, my staff and I are ready to help you. My office
can work with the appropriate agency on your behalf in order to help
you with a federal issue or obtain the information you need.
My
staff and I will work diligently to help you and serve as a liaison
with agencies regarding your Social Security claims, issues related to
immigration, applying for a U.S. passport and a myriad of other issues
related to the federal government. Additionally, we understand the
pressures the members of our military face when they return home and are
faced with a complex Veterans Affairs benefits process. My office is
honored to help our nations heroes navigate the sometimes arduous
federal benefits process.
Military
Academy Nominations
Every year, it is my pleasure to nominate some of the brightest young
men and women in our community for admission into the four service
academies, West Point, the United States Naval Academy, the Air Force
Academy, and the U.S. Merchant Marine Academy.
Being admitted into
and attending a service academy is a privilege that often begins a
successful career in the service of our nation.
Our country was
founded on the principles of liberty and active participation in our
democracy. A crucial component of preserving liberty is the ability of the
next generation to defend our nation at home and abroad while also
understanding the precepts we all strive to expand. Throughout history,
our way of life has been threatened and those young men and women who
have stood and continue to stand in defense of our nation earn our
highest gratitude. Students or parents of interested students should
contact my Miami district office for more information on the nomination
process and its requirements.
Congressional Internships
As a Member of Congress, it is an honor to invest in our future
leaders by offering internships to some of the most talented young men and
women in our community who have a passion for public service.
Although all internships
in both my Washington, DC and Miami
offices are unpaid, students gain invaluable work experience. Additionally,
internships in either office often qualify for high school community
service hours or college or graduate school credit. If you know a young
man or woman who wants to make a difference in our community and has
strong leadership abilities and an interest in helping our nation,
please encourage them to contact my office for an
internship.
Congressional
Commendations
There are so many success stories in
our community that oftentimes, we fail to appropriately recognize
milestones in our childrens, grandchildrens, friends, or relatives
lives. My office can help facilitate Congressional commendations for
someone receiving awards or honors, graduating from high school, college,
or a professional school, becoming a new citizen, or many other
worthy occasions.
Other
Services
It is also my privilege
to provide help with other services related to the federal government
for residents of my Congressional district. My office can help obtain a
presidential greeting for a birthday, wedding, or important
anniversary. My office is also able to assist with participating in a tour of
our nations Capitol, obtaining a flag flown over the Capitol, or
joining a White House tour. Finally, my office can provide information on
disaster preparedness, consumer protection, and how students can apply
for financial aid.
Im honored to represent our vibrant and
diverse community in Congress. My office is always ready to help with
any issue related to the federal government. Should you need any
assistance, please do not hesitate to contact or visit my Miami office
at:
4960 SW 72 Ave, Suite 208
Miami, FL
33155
Phone: (305) 668-2285
Fax: (305)
668-5970
Ros-Lehtinen.House.Gov
Sincerely,
Ileana
Ros-Lehtinen
Member of
Congress
Don't
forget to follow me on Twitter
@RosLehtinen . I
send out live updates and links to recent videos!
E-mail Updates
Yes, please periodically send me e-mail
updates.*
*By subscribing to my
e-mail updates, you are authorizing me to send regular e-mail updates
from my office to your e-mail account.
Tell a Friend
E-mail:
E-mail:
E-mail:
Washington, DC
Office
2206
Rayburn HOB |
Washington, DC
20515
Phone: (202) 225-3931 |
Fax: (202)
225-5620
Miami Office
(Main)
4960 SW 72 Ave, Suite 208 |
Miami, FL
33155
Phone:
(305) 668-2285 |
Fax: (305) 668-5970
Unsubscribe
|
Update My Profile
|
Privacy
Policy
