
If you are having trouble viewing this message or would like to
share it on a social network, you can
view the message online .
CONTACT
ABOUT
SERVICES
NEWS
OFFICE
LOCATIONS
May we
always remember the brave men and women who have made the ultimate
sacrifice in defense of our great nation. To the families missing loved ones
today, thank you for your sacrifices. I hope you feel an especially
strong outpouring of love and support this Memorial Day. I thank you for
the great privilege of serving you in the United States Senate, and I
hope to see you all back home in Tennessee very soon.
Corkers Bipartisan
Iran Bill Becomes Law
On Friday, President
Obama signed Senator Corkers bipartisan bill, the Iran Nuclear
Agreement Review Act of 2015, into law. The bill, which passed the Senate
98 to 1 and the House of Representatives 400 to 25, requires
congressional review of any final nuclear agreement with Iran before the
president can waive sanctions imposed by Congress.
After more
than a year of bipartisan work and a veto threat from the White House, I
am pleased to see this bill become law so that any final nuclear
agreement with Iran will have to go through Congress where the American
people will have a say and lawmakers will have a vote,
said
Corker.
I appreciate the strong bipartisan support for this
effort that demonstrates Congresss determination to prevent Iran from
getting a nuclear weapon. With the role of Congress now guaranteed, the
administration must address the many significant concerns raised by
Congress, and our negotiators should take advantage of the added leverage
to force further concessions from the Iranians so that any agreement
reached is verifiable, enforceable and can assure the American people
Iran will not be able to develop a nuclear weapon.
Read
more about the Iran Nuclear Agreement Review Act of 2015
here .
First Steps in Reforming Our Financial
System
Senator Corker, a member of the Senate Banking, Housing
and Urban Affairs Committee, released the following statement after
voting in favor of the Financial Regulatory Improvement Act of 2015. The
bill passed the committee by a vote of 12 to 10.
I am
pleased the banking committee has taken the first step in reforming our
financial system and reducing the overwhelming regulatory burden facing
community banks today,
said Corker.
It is my hope
that we will reach a bipartisan consensus before this legislation is
considered by the full Senate that will give hardworking Americans access
to credit while protecting taxpayers from another financial crisis,
and I stand ready to work with colleagues on both sides of the aisle
who are willing to make modifications that will produce a bill that can
be signed into law.
The legislation includes three housing
finance provisions long championed by Corker.
I want to
thank Chairman Shelby for including several very important housing
finance provisions in this legislation,
added Corker.
There is bipartisan, bicameral consensus that the fate of Fannie Mae
and Freddie Mac should be determined by Congress, and Title VII of this
bill reaffirms that the ball is in Congresss court to decide the
future of our housing finance system and put an end to the terrible
practice of using g-fees to pay for other government spending. While I still
would like to see this committee tackle comprehensive housing finance
reform, if that is not an option in the near term, some of these
provisions will help.
Read more about the Financial Regulatory
Improvement Act of 2015
here .
Presenting an Eagle
Scout Award
On Tuesday, Senator Corker presented Hampton Clark of
Lookout Mountain with an Eagle Scout badge commemorating his achievement
of Eagle status, the highest advancement rank in Boy Scouting. Earlier
this year, Corker appointed Clark to the United States Senate Page
Program, where he plays an important role in the day-to-day operations
of the Senate.
I have had the opportunity to get to
know Hampton over the past few months through his work as a Senate Page
and could not be more impressed,
said Corker.
He
has distinguished himself through his service both in Troop 191 on
Lookout Mountain and as a Senate Page here in Washington, and it was an
absolute honor to present him with his Eagle Scout badge today. With
young people like Hampton taking an interest in public service so early
in life, I have no doubt that our community, state, and nations future
is bright. I thank him for the example he is setting and wish him all
the best in the future.
As a Senate Page, Clarks duties
consist primarily of the delivery of correspondence and legislative
materials within the U.S. Capitol and Senate office buildings, assisting
senators on the Senate floor, and preparing the Senate Chamber before
the start of each session. The highly selective program allows
students a unique opportunity to learn about government while continuing
their coursework.
Travels Across Tennessee
On Friday, May 15,
Corker visited St. Jude Childrens Research Hospital, where he met with a
patient and family from Tennessee receiving treatment at the hospital.
On a tour led by St. Jude president and chief executive officer Dr.
James R. Downing and chair of the department of radiation oncology Dr.
Thomas E. Merchant, Corker also visited the new St. Jude Red Frog
Events Proton Therapy Center, which will provide the latest advancements in
radiation therapy to childhood cancer patients within the
year.
"As a parent, there is nothing you want more for your child
than good health and the opportunity for them to live life to its
fullest,"
said Corker.
"The advancements made by St. Jude
Children's Research Hospital to treat and find a cure for cancer are
felt around the world. I was honored to tour their facilities today and
see firsthand the incredible work being done each day to help children
and their families win the battle against this horrible
disease."
Senator Corker speaks with Dr. James R. Downing,
president and chief executive officer of St. Jude Childrens Research
Hospital.
Senator Corker visits with Mack
Ward, 6, who is being treated for Ewing sarcoma at St. Jude Childrens
Research Hospital.
Dr. Thomas E.
Merchant, chair of the department of radiation oncology at St. Jude Childrens
Research Hospital, gives Senator Corker an overview of the new St.
Jude Red Frog Events Proton Therapy Center.
Later on
Friday, Corker met with business and community leaders at a luncheon
hosted by the Greater Memphis Chamber of Commerce before delivering the
keynote address at the Baccalaureate Service of the 166th Session of
Rhodes College.
At the Rhodes College Commencement on
Saturday, Corker received an Honorary Doctor of Humanities
degree.
Senator Corker participates in the Baccalaureate Service
of the 166th Session of Rhodes College.
On Monday,
May 18, joined Senator Alexander in hosting a roundtable discussion in
Knoxville on the Tennessee Valley Authoritys (TVA) long-term plan to
meet future electricity demand while consistently offering low-cost,
competitive power rates capable of driving economic development and job
growth in the Tennessee Valley.
Nothing is more important
to me than Tennesseans standard of living and our states ability to
attract high-quality jobs, and TVA's ability to carry out its mission
of providing low-cost, reliable power directly impacts that,
said Corker.
Our discussion today focused on ensuring TVA is
operating in the best interest of ratepayers and hardworking
Tennesseans and is not swayed by outside influence to over-invest in power
sources like wind and solar that do not make sense in
Tennessee.
Corker joined Senator Alexander in questioning panel participants,
which included Bill Johnson, president and CEO of the Tennessee
Valley Authority (TVA); Wayne Henson, chairman of the Board of Directors of
the Tennessee Valley Public Power Association (TVPPA); and Lloyd
Webb, Director of Energy Procurement at Olin Chlor Alkali and
representative of the Tennessee Valley Industrial Committee
(TVIC).
Senator Corker questions Bill Johnson, president and CEO of the
Tennessee Valley Authority (TVA).
Home
|
Privacy Policy
|
Unsubscribe
