
HOME
|
About Mike
|
Contact YOUR Office
|
Serving You
|
Newsroom
|
Legislative Work
|
4th District
|
Resources
WEBSITE
| SHARE ON:
Greetings,
Harry Reid and Nancy Pelosi have promised to stop a pay raise for our soldiers if Congress does not provide more money for the IRS, the EPA and other domestic programs.
They are prepared to shut down government
to make sure these bureaucrats get more taxpayer money.
I think thats wrong.
The men and women at McConnell work tirelessly, training day and night so they are prepared to defend our nation and support our allies (anyone who lives or works in the Wichita metro knows
this is a familiar sight !).
This is the case at military installations all over the country and around the world.
Our soldiers dedicate their lives to protecting our liberties, and in return we must make every effort to take care of them as they take care of us.
This week the House passed, with my support, a defense bill that will give our military necessary resources to protect America from the ever-increasing threats around the world.
It funds training programs, provides resources to combat cyber-attacks, and includes a pay raise for our troops. Meanwhile, Democrats have taken this opportunity to play a dangerous political game by
threatening to shut down the government .
They dont oppose any specific piece of this bill; they just want more money for the IRS,
known for its political harassment , and the EPA,
the agency set on regulating our aircraft workers
out of jobs.
It is absurd that they are choosing to block funding to our military at a time when increased resources are needed to fight terrorists at home and abroad.
Click on the image to enlarge.
I am working diligently to ensure that those who protect us have the highest priority.
It must always be so.
Sincerely,
Mike Pompeo
Member of Congress
Connect With Mike
NOTE: Please
DO NOT
respond to this email as this
inbox is unattended . To contact my office please
click here
WASHINGTON, DC OFFICE
436 Cannon HOB
Washington, DC 20515
Phone:
(202) 225-6216
Fax:
(202) 225-3489
WICHITA, KS OFFICE
7701 E. Kellogg, Suite 510
Wichita, KS 67207
Phone:
(316) 262-8992
Fax:
(316) 262-5309
UPDATE SUBSCRIPTION OPTIONS
|
PRIVACY POLICY
|
CONTACT US
Click Here Click Here