
If you are having trouble viewing this message or would like to
share it on a social network, you can
view the message online .
CONTACT
ABOUT
SERVICES
NEWS
OFFICE
LOCATIONS
Obama Administration
Withholding Details about Future of Irans Nuclear
Program
Appearing on CNNs The Situation Room with Wolf
Blitzer on Wednesday, Senator Corker, chairman of the Senate Foreign
Relations Committee, said the Obama administration is withholding details
about the future of Irans nuclear program.
[T]here is a
document that explains what Iran is able to do per the agreement after the
10-year period,
said Corker.
I have asked the
State Department for the document. They have not given it to me. I have
asked the Energy Department for the document. They have not given it to
me. I've asked the White House for the document. They have not given
it to me. The only thing I can imagineis that they think that it would
shed [a] bad light on what they have agreed to. Most of us want to
make sure that if we're going to enter into an agreement, it is an
agreement that will keep Iran from developing a nuclear weapon over a
long-term.
President Obama revealed in an April NPR
interview
that in the years following the
first decade of an agreement, Irans breakout time for obtaining a
nuclear weapon would drop to near zero.
Corker also questioned
the State Departments lack of concern over a
New York Times
report
that Irans stockpile
of low-enriched uranium has increased by 20 percent during the nuclear
negotiations.
There's no question that their stockpile has
increased. That's not debatableBut I hope there will be no sanctions
alleviated until they get down to that 300 kilogram stockpile,
said Corker.
The problem is when the [State Department
spokesperson] said, This is not an issue. This can be dealt with, I
would like to know how? They don't have a conversion facility to
down-blend or downgradethe 5 percent [enriched uranium]. So are they going
to ship it out of the country? Those are issues that need to be dealt
with and hopefully will be dealt with[because] they have to get down
to 300 kilograms per the political agreement that was reached on April
2nd.
Click
here
or on the image above to view
video.
Preparing
the Senate to Scrutinize Any Iran Deal Presented to
Congress
Senator Corker held a hearing on Wednesday with former
U.S. diplomats to the Middle East to discuss how a nuclear agreement
with Iran would impact U.S. interests in the region. As negotiators
from the P5+1 nations and Iran attempt to meet a June 30 deadline for a
final agreement, the committee is holding a series of briefings and
hearings this month to prepare members to scrutinize any final deal with
Iran, if one is reached. Last month, the president signed Senator
Corkers bill, the Iran Nuclear Agreement Review Act of 2015 into law.
The bill, which passed the Senate 98 to 1 and the House of
Representatives 400 to 25, requires congressional review of any final nuclear
agreement with Iran before the president can waive sanctions imposed by
Congress.
This [hearing] is intended to highlight some of the
concerns that the administration is so focused on reaching an
agreement with Iran that some of the U.S. interests and concerns of our
regional alliances are not really being looked at or examined,
said Corker.
Against a backdrop of unprecedented turmoil in the
Middle East, the administration is negotiating a nuclear agreement
with the arch rival of many of our closest allies. Instead of reassuring
our traditional allies that the United States will remain a friend,
some would say that the administration has implemented a string of
incoherent and self-defeating policies.
For full details on
the hearing and archive footage, click
here .
Click
here
or on the image above to video footage
of the hearing.
Volkswagen Expansion Announcement Continues to be Great
News for Tennesseans
July 14, 2014
Tennessee Governor Bill Haslam and Senator Corker
celebrate Volkswagens expansion announcement at the Hunter Museum in
Chattanooga (Hamilton County).
According to a recent
University of Tennessee Center for Business and Economic Research
(CBER)
study
on the impact the
expansion
of Volkswagen
Chattanoogas manufacturing facility will have on the economy in Tennessee, the
expansion could add 9,800 full-time jobs to the Tennessee economy,
generate $373 million in additional annual income and increase state and
local tax revenue by $35.1 million annually once the plant is fully
operational.
The announcement that nearly 10,000 jobs will be
created as a result of Volkswagens expansion is great news for
Tennesseans,
said Corker . Every step along the way, we
have worked hand in hand with Volkswagen leadership in Germany and our
state officials to ensure that Chattanooga would be selected as the
location to produce the midsize SUV and Tennessee would become home to
the first of its kind research and development facility in the South,
and I am thrilled to see that the collective efforts of so many are
paying off in a huge way.
Tennesseans Visit Washington
Senators
Corker and Alexander hosted more than 120 Tennesseans at this weeks
Tennessee Tuesday, a regular breakfast held on Capitol Hill every week
the Senate is in session for visitors from the Volunteer State. For
more information, click
here .
On
Wednesday, Senator Corker met with eighth graders from Ocoee Middle School of
Cleveland (Bradley County) during their annual trip to
Washington.
Home
|
Privacy Policy
|
Unsubscribe
gateway mail end
