
Landmark Pro-Life Legislation
I am excited to report that the House passed landmark pro-life legislation this week to extend protections for the unborn. I supported H.R. 36, the Pain-Capable Unborn Child Protection Act, to ban abortions nationwide 20 weeks after conception except in the cases of incest and rape. The legislation is supported by nearly every pro-life organization including the Georgia Life Alliance, the National Right to Life Committee, Concerned Women for America, Family Research Council, Americans United for Life, Christian Coalition, Susan B. Anthony List, National Committee for a Human Life Amendment, and March for Life.
As a healthcare professional, father, grandfather and Congressman, I strongly believe life starts at conception. There is overwhelming scientific evidence proving that precious babies are capable of feeling pain after 20 weeks and this legislation would put a necessary end to the excruciating abortion methods used in late term pregnancies.
While this legislation is a strong win for the pro-life cause, it's time for the United States Congress to stand up for all those who cannot stand up for themselves and pass permanent federal legislation that will protect innocent lives at any stage of gestation. I have cosponsored H.R. 426, the Sanctity of Human Life Act, which protects human life from conception. I will continue to be an advocate for those who cannot protect themselves.
Congressional Oversight of the Dangerous Iran Nuclear Deal
This week, the House passed H.R. 1191, the Iran Nuclear Agreement Review Act, to prevent the president from unilaterally lifting sanctions in Iran if Congress does not approve the final nuclear deal currently being negotiated.
There is no question that Congress should have oversight and scrutiny over any nuclear deal with Iran. Our president is negotiating this deal and ignoring the reality that Iran has a long-term plan to increase its nuclear capabilities while threatening Israel, one of our closest allies, and the security of the entire world. These negotiations are a ploy to trick the United States and our allies into allowing full freedom for Iran to grow their nuclear presence, implement their plans of terror and provoke a nuclear arms race in the most unstable region.
Allowing Congressional oversight is the only way the American people, through their elected representatives, will have the opportunity to voice their concerns. The president must work with Congress to ensure the Iranian regime is held accountable and the threat of their nuclear program is eliminated.
Reducing the FOIA Backlog at DHS
The Committee on Homeland Securitys Subcommittee on Oversight and Management Efficiency approved my legislation this week to require the Chief FOIA Officer at the Department of Homeland Security to improve and streamline the FOIA request process at the department to reduce their backlog and provide greater transparency on costs associated with the FOIA process.
I introduced my legislation, the DHS FOIA Efficiency Act of 2015, after a Government Accountability Office (GAO) report found that DHS has an outstanding number of backlogged FOIA requests due to mismanagement and duplicative efforts between components of the department. At the end of fiscal year 2013, DHS held approximately half of the reported backlogged federal FOIA requests, more than any other federal agency.
In what is supposed to be the most transparent administration in history, DHS has an abysmal record when it comes to FOIA requests. It boasts the largest backlog of any federal agency and was given a D+ for its handling of them by an independent watchdog.
I am pleased the subcommittee approved this important legislation moving these desperately needed reforms to improve the process, eliminate duplication and significantly reduce the backlog while increasing transparency and accountability to the public one step closer to reality.
From our Nation's Capitol XIX
Monday, May 11, 2015:
I had a great time this past weekend at the Brunswick Blessing of the Fleet Festival. This is a wonderful celebration of cultural heritage and I was honored to give the opening remarks.
The celebration honors Our Lady of Fatima, the patron saint of Portugal, as well as the mothers of the St. Francis Xavier Parish.
Although we do not have votes until tomorrow, I decided to come up today in order to squeeze in some meetings and get ahead on some of my work.
My first meeting of the day is with the Congressional Research Service (CRS), to discuss pending issues.
The CRS is a non-partisan service available to members and committees of Congress to provide policy and legal analysis and have been a great resource to me as a freshman.
Afterwards, we have our weekly staff meeting to review the previous week and discuss the upcoming week.
I am blessed to have an outstanding staff that I have come to depend on as well as trust.
Later, I welcome the Georgia Association of Medical Equipment Suppliers (GAMES) to their meeting in Savannah via skype before meeting with Georgia Right to Life regarding upcoming abortion legislation.
My final meeting of the day is with the American Chamber of Commerce in Egypt to discuss our mutual commitment of fighting extremist violence in the world through economic cooperation.
Tuesday, May 12, 2015:
My day begins with a meeting with the American Pharmacists Association to discuss pending issues, followed by taping public service announcements on literacy and support for returning troops.
Back in the office, I receive the news that my friend, Denise Sears Moody from Nahunta, has died at the age of 53 from a heart attack.
I am literally stopped in my tracks.
Denise died Sunday after spending the day with her mother and family.
She sat down in a recliner in her home and never got up.
Denise was the Administrator at Bayview Nursing Home when I was the Consultant Pharmacist there for many years.
She and her family owned a number of nursing homes in South Georgia and allowed my company to service those homes.
They played a big part in my businesses success.
Denise and her family supported me in my run for Congress and her son Zane is set to be an intern in our DC office this summer.
My heart is broken and, after speaking with her mother and Zane, I regain my composure as I know Denise would want me to and continue on with my day.
Next, I meet with Ralph and Danielle Drollinger, a wonderful couple who coordinate the members bible study group at the Capitol.
Later, I travel downtown to give the keynote address to the National Community Pharmacists Association during their annual meeting before heading back to the office to meet with Eli Gold of the London Center for Policy Research.
The goal of this group is to look ahead and forecast future threats across the globe and their impact to the U.S.
Later, I meet with Lisa Wilson from Savannah and other members of the American Heart Association who are up here lobbying for an increase in NIH heart and stroke research funding.
After meeting with Michael Botticelli, the National Director of Drug Control Policy, about the growing problem of heroin abuse, I head to the weekly Whip team meeting where we review the upcoming weeks schedule and issues.
My day ends with a vote series on procedural resolutions.
Wednesday, May 13, 2015:
I am honored today to welcome Savannah Mayor Edna Jackson to our Washington office.
Mayor Jackson, who serves on a number of national boards, is in town today attending a meeting of the National League of Cities, which advocates for our countrys cities.
Following our weekly Republican Conference
meeting, I head to a Subcommittee on Oversight and Management Efficiency meeting where I am presenting my first bill that I have introduced as a member of Congress.
H.R. 1615, known as the DHS FOIA Efficiency Act of 2015, seeks to improve the issue of backlogged Freedom of Information Act (FOIA) requests at the Department of Homeland Security (DHS).
The number of FOIA requests at DHS has increased over 65% in the last few years and DHS now has over 50% of all of the pending FOIA requests in the entire government.
The bill passes the subcommittee unanimously and next will be heard before the full committee.
Afterwards, I head back to the office to meet with Maggie Gill and Becky Keightley from Memorial Health University in Savannah to discuss health and hospital issues of the day. Next, I attend the weekly meeting of the Republican Study Committee, a group of conservative members of the Republican Party who advocate for a conservative agenda within the party.
My next meeting is outside the Capitol at the Department of Transportation (DOT) where I meet with DOT staff and officials from the Georgia Ports Authority (GPA), including Jamie McCurry, to discuss a grant application submitted by the GPA.
Once back at the Capitol, I meet with a large group of realtors from our district, who are in town to advocate for real estate related issues.
This group includes many of my good friends who I have worked closely with over the years while serving as Mayor of Pooler and in the State Legislature.
I am particularly glad to see my former Administrative Assistant in the Georgia State Senate, Abigail Thompson, visiting with the group.
Abigail now works representing the Realtors and is doing an outstanding job. Next I head to the House Chamber for votes before heading to a reception in honor of my colleague from South Carolina, Representative Trey Gowdy.
Thursday, May 14, 2015:
I am happy to welcome students from the South Effingham Middle School, including Madelyn Smith, my sisters niece, to the Capitol today and meet them on the Plaza steps for a picture.
The weather in DC has been phenomenal this week, with highs in the 70s and lows in the 50s, and it is nice to be able to get outside for a change.
My first meeting of the day is with the Education and Workforce committee where we are having hearings on the conditions of our Native American Schools. Next, I head back to the office where I meet with the Southern Crop Production Association about the Clean Water Act and other issues affecting farmers in our district. Following a hearing with the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform and regarding recent lapses within the Secret Service, I head to the House chamber for a long series of votes.
My final meeting of the day is with the RSC Health Policy Working Committee where we finalize our proposed legislation to replace Obamacare.
Friday, May 15, 2015:
I only have time for one meeting this morning- a briefing for members of the Education and Workforce committee to bring us up to date on King v. Burwell- before heading to the House Chamber to vote on a number of amendments and final passage of the National Defense Spending Bill.
After passing this important piece of legislation, I rush to the airport to head home.
Following a much needed haircut, I attend Bethesdas Scholarship Gala where we honor the graduating class of 2015 of this fine institution that is celebrating its 275 th
anniversary this year and hear from University of Georgia coaching legend Vince Dooley.
WEBSITE
|
UNSUBSCRIBE
|
CONTACT
Click Here Click Here