
Jun
5
News From Senator Ayotte's Office
Dear Friends,
This morning in Concord, I appreciated the opportunity to address members of the Greater Concord Chamber of Commerce and provide an update on legislation I'm working on aimed at helping New Hampshire businesses grow and create jobs. Just down the road, I visited Nobis Engineering - an employee-owned small business. For the past several years, I have fought to protect companies like Nobis that offer employee stock ownership plans (ESOPs) from a costly new regulation proposed by the Department of Labor (DOL) that would have resulted in new compliance and regulatory costs and jeopardized the availability of these plans in the future. I previously introduced legislation to exempt ESOPs from the proposed rule, and I'm pleased that recently, DOL announced that ESOPs would be exempted.
Earlier this week, the Senate approved the USA Freedom Act, which renews counterterrorism authorities and ends the National Security Agency's bulk phone metadata collection program. I continue to have concerns with the USA Freedom Act, and I voted in support of several amendments that would have improved the bill and addressed these concerns. I'm disappointed the Senate did not adopt these amendments, and I hope that as the law is implemented, Congress and the administration will address these problems as necessary to ensure we do not undermine our national security. With no other alternative to reauthorize these counterterrorism tools, I voted in support of this bill to ensure continuity of critical intelligence capabilities that help protect Americans and prevent terrorist attacks.
Also this week, I joined Senator Shaheen, Senator Bob Casey (D-PA), and Senator Dean Heller (D-NV) to introduce bipartisan legislation aimed at protecting pregnant workers from workplace discrimination. In New Hampshire, about 70 percent of women who gave birth in 2013 also worked during their pregnancies, and ensuring that pregnant workers are treated equally in the workplace is essential to working families and our economy.
Following a Supreme Court decision in the case of Young v. UPS that left the workplace rights of pregnant workers uncertain, the Pregnant Workers Fairness Act would address legal ambiguities and help ensure that pregnant women are treated fairly on the job. Our legislation, which is closely modeled after the Americans with Disabilities Act (ADA), would require employers to make reasonable accommodations - such as a minor job modification - that would allow pregnant workers to continue working and prevent them from being forced out on leave or out of their jobs. The bill also prohibits employers from denying employment opportunities to women based on their need for reasonable accommodations related to pregnancy, childbirth, or related medical conditions. This bill would help ensure that no mother is forced to choose between a healthy pregnancy or her job.
Please read on for more news from my office. Enjoy the weekend!
Ayotte and Shaheen Introduce Bipartisan Bill to
Protect Pregnant Workers
On Thursday, Senator Ayotte joined Senator Shaheen and Senators Bob Casey (D-PA) and Dean Heller (R-NV) to announce the introduction of the Pregnant Workers Fairness Act. This legislation seeks to eliminate workplace discrimination of pregnant workers by requiring employers to make reasonable accomodations, such as a minor job modification, that would allow pregnant workers to continue working and prevent them from being forced out on leave or out of their jobs.
"In New Hampshire, about 70 percent of women who gave birth in 2013 also worked during their pregnancies, and ensuring that pregnant workers are treated equally in the workplace is essential to working families and our economy," said Senator Ayotte. "Our bipartisan legislation would require employers to make reasonable accommodations to allow pregnant workers to keep working, and prevent them from being forced out on leave or out of their jobs - helping ensure that no mother is forced to choose between the health of her baby and her job."
Read more
and
click here
to watch video from Thursday's press conference.
Ayotte: Unbelievable that VA Still Lacks Permanent Inspector General
Click for video
At a Homeland Security and Government Affairs Committee hearing on Wednesday, Senator Ayotte said it is unacceptable that the administration has failed to nominate a permanent Inspector General (IG) at the Department of Veterans Affairs since the position became vacant in December 2013 - particularly in light of last year's waitlist scandal, which exposed serious mismanagement problems at the VA that led to some veterans becoming more ill and even dying when they were not able to receive timely care. The IG position at the VA has been vacant for a total of 519 days.
"We're talking about veterans who are suffering, veterans who have died...We spent a lot of time on the floor last summer trying to come up with a reform bill, and now we're trying to hold the VA accountable to actually give veterans choice...", Ayotte said.
The Council of Inspectors General on Integrity and Efficiency (CIGIE) is responsible for submitting recommendations of individuals for consideration by the president when an IG vacancy occurs, and has made recommendations to the administration for individuals to serve as VA IG. But the president has not yet made a nomination to fill this crucial post. Committee Chairman Ron Johnson (R-WI) invited a representative of the Office of Presidential Personnel in the Executive Office of the President to testify at this week's hearing, but the White House declined to send a representative.
Read more.
Ayotte and Shaheen Welcome News that CDC Will Pay for Haven Well Blood
Testing
Following a letter they sent this week to the Air Force, the Department of Health and Human Services, and the Environmental Protection Agency, Senators Ayotte and Shaheen welcomed confirmation that the Centers for Disease Control has agreed to fund blood tests for up to 500 individuals exposed to contaminants from the Haven Well in Portsmouth, New Hampshire.
While the CDC had initially agreed to fund 100 blood tests, both Senators worked to secure federal funding for more tests. Last month, the Senators, who are both members of the Senate Armed Services Committee, successfully included a provision in the National Defense Authorization Act report requiring the Air Force to identify and notify those who may have been exposed to the contaminants and report back to Congress on its progress by September 30.
"We are glad that those who have been exposed to these contaminants will be able to undergo the testing they need while limiting undue financial burden on the State of New Hampshire and the City of Portsmouth," said the Senators. "We will continue to push for the Air Force to identify and notify those who may have been exposed to these contaminants, as our amendment in the defense bill would require. We will also seek additional federal funding if testing needs expand."
Read more.
Ayotte Sponsors Legislation to
Stengthen Lyme Disease Prevention, Education and
Research
On Thursday, Senator Ayotte joined Senator Richard Blumenthal (D-CT) in introducing legislation to boost public awareness and strengthen efforts to combat tick-borne diseases that pose a significant threat to public health. The bill, called the Lyme and Tick-Borne Disease Prevention, Education, and Research Act of 2015, would help ensure necessary resources are dedicated to fight tick-borne diseases.
"According to the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention, in 2013, New Hampshire had the second highest incidence rate of Lyme disease in the country.
Our legislation will help address this troubling statistic by creating a strong national effort to fight this disease, which is dangerous if untreated.
Our bill would create a Tick-Borne Diseases Committee comprised of physicians, scientific experts, patients, and Lyme advocates to focus on improving reporting methods, developing better diagnostic tools, ensuring better coordination of efforts, and working to improve prevention and treatment methods related to Lyme and other tick-borne diseases."
Read more.
Photos of the Week
Senator Ayotte participated in the annual Memorial Day Ceremony at the NH State Veterans' Cemetery in Boscawen.
On Tuesday, Senator Ayotte met with members of the Granite State Children's Alliance: Maureen Sullivan, Bethany Cottrell, Joy Barrett and Cait Miller.
At Hopkinton's 250th anniversary celebration with Selectwoman Sara Persechino.
Welcoming the Fogg family from Gilford to Capitol Hill during "Coffee with Kelly" this week.
Senator Ayotte visited with employees at Nobis Engineering in Concord earlier today.
Greeting students from the Indian River School in Canaan, NH during their visit to the Capitol on Thursday.
Senator Ayotte spoke at the National Network to End Domestic Violence's 25th Anniversary Celebration, where she met with Dawn Reams (Executive Director of the Bridges Crisis Center in Nashua) and Lyn Schollet (Executive Director of the New Hampshire Coalition Against Domestic and Sexual Violence).
During Coffee with Kelly, Senator Ayotte greeted New Hampshire members of the American Physical Therapy Association: Lisa Stejskal, Aslyn Dindorf, Marc LaCroix, Deidre Daley, Ami Faria, Sheila Blase, Kristine Terrio and Justin Ternes.
With New Hampshire members of the Airline Pilots Association: JJ Hughes (Exeter), James Leighton (Amherst), and Edward Shiembob (Dover).
Senator Ayotte chatted with members of the business community at the Greater Concord Chamber of Commerce Breakfast on Friday morning.
Warm Regards,
Kelly Ayotte
United States Senator
Email Kelly
Manchester Office
1200 Elm Street, Suite 2
Manchester, NH 03101 Phone:
603-622-7979
Nashua Office
144 Main Street
Nashua, NH 03060 Phone:
603-880-3335
North Country Office 19 Pleasant Street, Suite 13B
Berlin, NH 03570 Phone:
603-752-7702 Fax:
603-752-7704
Portsmouth Office
14 Manchester Square, Ste 140
Portsmouth, NH 03801 Phone:
603-436-7161
Washington, DC
144 Russell Senate Office Building
Washington, DC 20510
Phone:
202-224-3324
Email Kelly
|
ayotte.senate.gov
|
Unsubscribe
