
If you are having trouble viewing this message or would like to share
it on a social network, you can
view the message online .
May 14, 2015
Unsubscribe
Update My
Profile
Website
|
About Doug
|
Constituent Services
|
Issues &amp; Legislation
|
News
|
Contact Doug
The Hill Op-Ed: Time to get serious
about space threats
5/14/15
By Congressman Doug
Lamborn
62 miles above
the Earth's surface is the beginning of space. It would be nice to
believe that space is a place of peace and science, but it is all too clear
that at least two of our potential adversaries are weaponizing space.
The United States must take these threats seriously and respond
accordingly in order to defend ourselves and our allies while deterring
potential adversaries from acting irresponsibly in space.
Both China
and Russia have openly admitted that they have or are developing
counter-space capabilities. These capabilities could range from jamming of
GPS signals and satellite communications, to blinding or damaging our
satellites with ground-based lasers, to destroying a satellite with a
missile. China has in fact tested anti-satellite missiles at least
twice in the past two years. Russia, meanwhile, has launched an undeclared
object into space which our military now believes to be some sort of
microsatellite. We do not know Russias intentions, but an object like
this could be used to jam or directly attack our satellites.
These
public facts, combined with multiple statements from the
administration, paint a clear picture of the serious military threats we face in
space. As Lt. Gen. John Raymond, commander of U.S. space forces,
recently put it, We are quickly approaching the point where every satellite
in every orbit can be
threatened.
In some ways, the United States
is a victim of our own success in space. We can put a bomb through a
specific window in a specific building thanks to GPS. We can remotely
pilot aircraft on the other side of the world and can detect ballistic
missile launches anywhere on the globe thanks to our robust network of
satellites. Our adversaries have seen what a significant advantage
space provides the U.S. and have responded by looking for ways to
neutralize or destroy our space capabilities. The U.S. is in the unique
position of having the most to gain and most to lose in
space.
While the
United States clearly faces a national security threat in space, the
economic consequences of irresponsible actions in space are also very
significant. According to the non-profit Space Foundation, the global
space economy was over $330 billion in 2014, only a quarter of which
is due to spending by any government worldwide. Reckless actions in
space, like Chinas 2007 anti-satellite missile test, put commercial and
government space assets at risk by generating deadly debris fields.
While Sandra Bullock and George Clooney took a bit of creative license
in Gravity, the threat of space debris is all too real. Chinas 2007
test alone created roughly 3,000 pieces of space debris, which
satellites and even the International Space Station now have to maneuver
around. Just one small piece of debris, traveling at thousands of miles per
hour, can damage or destroy anything in
space.
How do we prevent
reckless actions in space, or even worse, a war in space? Our best option
is to deter bad actions. Deterrence in space is complicated and
multifaceted, but at a minimum we must do two things. First, we need to
make sure that our ability to fight and win is not contingent on a few
specific weak points. This means developing space capabilities that are
harder to jam or destroy and, to some extent, can be replaced quickly
and cheaply. This also means making sure that our forces can operate
in environments where space assets might not be available. Today our
military enjoys uncontested access to space assets, but that will not be
the case in the future.
Secondly, we must be prepared to defend
our space assets from attack. We must make it clear to potential
adversaries that an attack on our space assets will be treated as seriously
as an attack against our terrestrial assets. Different threats will
require different types of defenses, and we must create credible options
to face the full range of threats, including active defenses. The
simple truth is that our potential adversaries have already weaponized
space. If we dont allow ourselves to take defensive measures, conflict
in space is actually more likely. Ronald Reagans maxim is true in
space as it is on earth: peace through
strength.
The good news is that
the Department of Defense is taking steps to respond to the increasing
threats in space. General John Hyten, the head of Air Force Space
Command, is one of those leading the efforts to secure our place in space.
Bob Work, the deputy secretary of Defense, recently highlighted this
need, and Admiral Cecil Haney, the head of Strategic Command, recently
announced that the Department of Defense will be spending an
additional $5 billion over the next five years to strengthen our security in
space.
In Congress, as we consider the annual National Defense
Authorization Act, we are supporting the additional funding, but also
taking important steps to prioritize national security space. We have
language to establish a major force program for space, similar to budget
authority and requirements that Special Operations Command currently
has. This will prioritize space funding as well as enable better
coordination and oversight of the space budget, helping us ensure that every
dollar dedicated to space security is well spent. There are also many
other facets of space security where Congress and the Pentagon are
working together.
The bottom line is that our potential adversaries are
weaponizing space. The United States and our allies face serious and
credible threats against our space capabilities. If we do not respond
to these threats, the likelihood of an attack in space will only go
up. We must instead deter any dangerous actions in space by
strengthening our space systems and making it very clear we will defend our space
assets. If we want to keep space safe and secure for all responsible
parties, we must be prepared to defend our space systems and defeat any
efforts to attack them. Anything less represents failure in the final
frontier.
Contact Info
WASHINGTON OFFICE
2402
Rayburn HOB
Washington, DC 20515
Phone: (202) 225-4422
Fax: (202) 226-2638
DISTRICT
OFFICE
1125 Kelly Johnson Blvd., Suite
330
Colorado Springs, CO 80920
Phone: (719) 520-0055
Fax: (719)
520-0840
DISTRICT OFFICE
415 Main Street
Buena
Vista, CO 81211
Phone: (719) 520-0055
Fax: (719)
520-0840
Update My Profile
-
Unsubscribe
-
Privacy
Policy
