DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.0 Transitional//EN" "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml1/DTD/xhtml1-transitional.dtd"
Email Newsletter
Recently in Washington
Last week the House passed H.R. 2596,
the
Intelligence Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2016 , by a vote of 247-178.
H.R. 2596 authorizes appropriations for intelligence and intelligence-related activities of the U.S. government.
The House rejected H.Con.Res. 55, a resolution
that would withdraw U.S. armed forces from Iraq or Syria , by a vote of 139-288.
The House passed H.R. 2146, the
Trade Priorities and Accountability Act , by a vote of 218-208.
The House passed bill provides the President authority to enter into trade agreements with foreign countries to modify duties or other import restrictions that unduly burden the United States.
This is known as fast track authority.
Finally, the House passed H.R. 160, the
Protect Medical Innovation Act of 2015 , by a vote of 280-140.
H.R. 160 repeals the 2.3 percent excise tax on the sale of medical devices imposed by the Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act.
Congressman Simpson supported all three bills and voted against H.Con.Res. 55.
Simpson Protects Idaho Water from EPA
Idaho Congressman Upholds Western Priorities as House Committee marks up Interior Appropriations Bill
Idaho Congressman Mike Simpson last week protected Idaho priorities in the House Interior and Environment Appropriations bill for FY16.
The bill, which sets out the budget for the Department of the Interior, the Forest Service, and the Environmental Protection Agency (EPA), was marked up by the full House Appropriations Committee.
Simpson, who sits on the subcommittee, defended a number of important provisions in the bill that protect western interests, including language preventing the EPAs recently-finalized rule expanding federal jurisdiction over the Clean Water Act.
During the markup, Simpson successfully fought off an amendment intended to strike this language, claiming that the only certainty that the EPA has provided with its new rule is the certainty that all water will eventually be subject to Clean Water Act regulation.
There is no way that you cannot eventually take this rule to say that it doesnt impact groundwater, because groundwater is connected to other waters, Simpson said during the markup.
The EPA has gone way overboard beyond what Congress ever intended with the Clean Water Act.
Simpson also defeated an amendment to strike three sections of the bill addressing the Endangered Species Act.
The bill included a provision similar to Simpsons 2011 language that reinstated the Fish and Wildlife Services decision to remove wolves from the endangered species list that applies to gray wolves in Wyoming and the Great Lakes.
Wolf populations in both areas have vastly exceeded recovery goals.
When the Endangered Species Act was originally passed, it was broadly supported, said Simpson.
But today it isnt doing what it was intended to do.
Instead, interest groups are using the ESA to control land and water by suing federal agencies over each and every decision they make.
The ESA hasnt been reauthorized for over 25 years, and Congress needs to update this law.
The bill included a number of important Idaho priorities, including full funding for Payment in Lieu of Taxes (PILT).
The bill also fully funds wild land fire accounts at the 10-year average, providing $3.6 billion for both Forest Service and DOI fire-fighting accounts, a $52 million increase over FY15, and a $75 million increase for hazardous fuels management.
The bill passed the full committee and now awaits consideration on the floor of the House of Representatives.
Free Trade Legislation Passes House
Last week the U.S. House of Representatives voted on a Trade Promotion Authority (TPA) bill and it passed by a vote of 218-208. Idaho Congressman Mike Simpson supports free trade and supported the legislation.
TPA, known as fast track, is not a trade deal. TPA simply sets up a process for Congress to consider trade deals; in this case, Congress expects to consider the Trans Pacific Partnership (TPP), which is still being negotiated.
The TPA bill that the House voted on today guarantees that Congress will maintain a meaningful role in all trade negotiations through increased transparency and ensures that Congress will hold the administration accountable with effective oversight measures.
If TPA is signed into law, Congress and the public will have 60 days to review any proposed trade deal before it will come up for a vote.
Congress will retain the final say on passage or failure of trade deals, and Congress will reject any proposal that does not serve the best interests of the United States.
When Congress does consider trade agreements, we need to remember that 95% of the world market is outside of our borders, said Simpson. Participating in trade deals is good for the American economy and good for increasing employment here.
Americans need to be the ones writing the rules for international trade, not leaving it up to other countries and risk being left behind in the global economy.
Members of Congress cant just claim to be supportive of free trade at homewe must support it here in Washington with our votes.
The vote followed the previous weeks three votes in the House related to trade.
Although fast track passed by a vote of 219-211 two weeks ago, it could not advance because it was part of a package sent by the Senate that didnt pass overall.
Congressman Simpson voted in support of all four trade measures.
The TPA bill that passed the House today will now move to the Senate for further consideration.
Committee Schedule
Wednesday
At 10:15 a.m., the House Appropriations Committee will mark up the Labor, Health and Human Services, and Education bill for Fiscal Year 2016.
Thursday
At 9:30 a.m., the House Appropriations Committee will mark up the Agriculture bill for Fiscal Year 2016.
Floor Schedule
MONDAY, JUNE 22ND
On Monday, the House is not in session.
TUESDAY, JUNE 23RD
On Tuesday, the House will meet at meet at 12:00 p.m. for morning hour and 2:00 p.m. for legislative business. Votes will be postponed until 6:30 p.m.
Legislation Considered Under Suspension of the Rules:
1)
H.R. 805
- Domain Openness Through Continued Oversight Matters (DOTCOM) Act of 2015
(Sponsored by Rep. John Shimkus / Energy and Commerce Committee)
2)
H.R. 2576
- TSCA Modernization Act of 2015, as amended
(Sponsored by Rep. John Shimkus / Energy and Commerce Committee)
3)
H.R. 893
- Boys Town Centennial Commemorative Coin Act, as amended
(Sponsored by Rep. Jeff Fortenberry / Financial Services Committee)
4)
H.R. 1698
- Bullion and Collectible Coin Production Efficiency and Cost Savings Act, as amended
(Sponsored by Rep. Bill Huizenga / Financial Services Committee)
5)
H.R. 2620
- To amend the United States Cotton Futures Act to exclude certain cotton futures contracts from coverage under such Act, as amended
(Sponsored by Rep. David Scott / Agriculture Committee)
6)
H.R. 1633
- DHS Paid Administrative Leave Accountability Act of 2015, as amended
(Sponsored by Rep. Barry Loudermilk / Homeland Security Committee)
7)
H.R. 1615
- DHS FOIA Efficiency Act, as amended
(Sponsored by Rep. Buddy Carter / Homeland Security Committee)
8)
H.R. 1640
- Department of Homeland Security Headquarters Consolidation Accountability Act, as amended
(Sponsored by Rep. Mark Walker / Homeland Security Committee)
9)
H.R. 1626
- DHS IT Duplication Reduction Act of 2015, as amended
(Sponsored by Rep. Will Hurd / Homeland Security Committee)
10)
H.R. 2390
- Homeland Security University-based Centers Review Act, as amended
(Sponsored by Rep. Bennie Thompson / Homeland Security Committee)
11)
H.R. 1637
- Federally Funded Research and Development Sunshine Act of 2015, as amended
(Sponsored by Rep. John Ratcliffe / Homeland Security Committee)
12)
H.R. 2200
- CBRN Intelligence and Information Sharing Act, as amended
(Sponsored by Rep. Martha McSally / Homeland Security Committee)
13)
H.R. 1646
- Homeland Security Drone Assessment and Analysis Act, as amended
(Sponsored by Rep. Bonnie Watson Coleman / Homeland Security Committee)
14) Concur in the Senate Amendment to
H.R. 615
- Department of Homeland Security Interoperable Communications
(Sponsored by Rep. Donald Payne / Homeland Security Committee)
Complete Consideration of
H.R. 1190
- Protecting Seniors' Access to Medicare Act of 2015 (Subject to a Closed Rule, No Further Debate)
(Sponsored by Rep. Phil Roe / Ways and Means Committee / Energy and Commerce Committee)
WEDNESDAY, JUNE 24TH
On Wednesday, the House will meet at 10:00 a.m. for morning hour and 12:00 p.m. for legislative business.
H.R. 2042
- Ratepayer Protection Act of 2015, Rules Committee Print (Subject to a Rule)
(Sponsored by Rep. Ed Whitfield / Energy and Commerce Committee)
THURSDAY, JUNE 25TH AND THE BALANCE OF THE WEEK
On Thursday, the House will meet at 10:00 a.m. for morning hour and 12:00 p.m. for legislative business.
On Friday, the House will meet at 9:00 a.m. for legislative business. Last votes expected no later than 3:00 p.m.
H.R. 2822
- Department of the Interior, Environment, and Related Agencies Appropriations Act, 2016 (Subject to a Rule)
(Sponsored by Rep. Ken Calvert / Appropriations Committee)
Possible Consideration of legislation related to Trade
In the News
House passes FY2016 Defense Appropriations Bill
by
Ripon Advance News Service
|
Tuesday, Jun 16, 2015
U.S. Rep. Mike Simpson (R-ID) lauded fellow members of the House for voting to pass the Fiscal Year 2016 Defense Appropriations Bill on Friday,
legislation that funds the Department of Defense on all levels.
The bipartisan vote of 278-149 was particularly important to Simpson since it fully funded keeping the A-10 Thunderbolt II program, housed at the Idaho National Guard Headquarters at Gowen Field in Boise, alive. The A-10 program, which provides close-air support, is essential to the mission of the Idaho National Guard and was at risk of being retired at the administrations request.
I am very pleased this bill shows support for the A-10, and recognizes the unique and valuable contributions the aircraft provides to our armed forces, Simpson said. By ensuring the A-10 remains available for close air support, we are responding to the needs of the service members that operate them, and to the brave men and women on the ground that rely on them.
Simpson and Idaho Gov. C.L. Butch Otter have been lobbying to preserve and expand the mission of the Idaho National Guard. To that end, the FY 2016 Defense Appropriations Bill also blocks the transfer of AH-64 Apache helicopters from the Army National Guard to active Army in FY16, another measure proposed by the administration that could potentially damage the mission of the Idaho Guard.
While I certainly acknowledge that the Air Force must make difficult decisions in this time of reduced budgets, the A-10s low operating costs and unique capabilities merit our continued support until an appropriate replacement can be identified," Simpson added.
In addition to funding numerous other improvements to equipment and quality of life programs within the military, the bill also finances a 2.3 percent pay raise for more than 1.3 million active-duty soldiers, and nearly 820,000 National Guard and Reserve troops.
Contact Mike
Issues
Other News
MEDIA CENTER
Simpson Supports Troops and A-10s
If you are having trouble reading this message, try viewing the
web version
BIOGRAPHY
|
NEWS CENTER
|
ISSUES
|
SERVICES FOR YOU
|
2ND DISTRICT
|
CONTACT
Click Here Click Here