
May 18, 2015
IN THIS ISSUE:
Senator Collins Announces Support for Trade Adjustment Assistance and
Opposition to TPP
Portland Press Herald: "Maine Postal Workers Set to Protest Cuts That
Have Slowed Regular Mail Service"
Senator Collins Joins CARE Advocates in Discussing the Importance of
Empowering Women and Girls in the Fight Against Poverty
Meeting with Mainers
WEEKLY COLUMN
"The Aging and Thriving in Place Movement"
By: Senator Susan Collins
It comes to no surprise that survey after survey indicates that most
seniors would much rather stay in their own homes and communities to
"age in place" and live independently as long as possible. Many seniors
are far happier and much more comfortable in their own homes and near
friends, family, and loved ones.
While the population of seniors in our nation is increasing
significantly, the number of both professional and family caregivers
that can help care for seniors to enable them to age in place is
decreasing. According to Census Bureau projections, 21 percent of the
American population will be 65 and older by 2040, up from just under 14
percent in 2012. In fact, every day, 10,000 baby boomers turn
sixty-five. Americans 85 and older are the fastest growing segment of
our population. And this is the very population that is most at risk of
multiple and interacting health problems that can lead to disability
and need for long-term care.
Today, there are seven caregivers for each person over 80 and at the
highest risk of requiring long-term care. By 2030, there will be four,
and by 2050, the number drops to fewer than three. As a result, in the
future, more people will have to rely on fewer caregivers.
Advances in technology may provide some solutions to these challenges.
Many are familiar with the decades-old and well-known phrase, "I've
fallen, and I can't get up." That phrase, of course, was an
advertisement for a medical alert system that, for many years, was
among the most advanced technologies available to help seniors stay in
their homes. While many seniors still rely on this device,
breakthroughs in modern technology have brought us a long, long way,
providing new options for seniors and their families. Technological
solutions can be cost-effective and tailored to meet the specific needs
of a senior and his or her living situation. Companies that develop
these technologies are starting to recognize the needs of seniors, and
design products to meet these needs.
It is very exciting that some important work related to research and
development of technologies to help seniors age in place is taking
place right here in Maine at the University of Maine's Center on Aging.
The Senate Special Committee on Aging, which I chair, recently held a
hearing to examine how advances in technology can help seniors live
independently and age in place. Dr. Carol Kim, Vice President for
Research at the University of Maine, came to Washington to testify
about UMaine's "Successful Aging Initiative for Living," or SAIL,
program.
To read the rest of Senator Collins' Weekly Column click here
.
Senator Collins Appears on WVOM to Discuss Efforts to Combat Fraud
Schemes Targeting Seniors
Senator Collins joined the George Hale Ric Tyler Show
on WVOM this week where she discussed
her work on the Senate Aging Committee to combat scams targeting senior
citizens.
In the segment, Senator Collins referenced her recent questioning
of
Attorney General Loretta Lynch during a hearing of the Commerce,
Justice, and Science Appropriations Subcommittee. The Senator's
questions focused in part on the current status of the Department of
Justice's efforts to combat fraudulent scams targeting seniors, a topic
investigated last month
in
the Senate Aging Committee, which Senator Collins chairs.
Senator Collins Announces Support for Trade Adjustment Assistance and
Opposition to TPP
U.S. Senator Susan Collins voted this week in favor of proceeding to
debate the trade bill before the United States Senate. After the vote,
Senator Collins made the following statement:
"I voted for the motion to begin debate today because the legislation
included an extension of Trade Adjustment Assistance (TAA) which
expired at the end of 2014. This critical extension, which I
co-authored with Senator Ron Wyden (D-OR), has been essential to
workers who have lost their jobs through no fault of their own. In 2013
alone, more than 700 Mainers benefitted from the TAA programs.
"My vote should not be construed as signifying support for either Trade
Promotion Authority (TPA) or the Trans Pacific Partnership (TPP). I
remain very skeptical about granting the President TPA as it paves the
way for TPP, which could in turn threaten many American jobs.
"I am especially concerned about Maine's shoemaking jobs, some of which
could be jeopardized by TPP. New Balance, for example, employs nearly
900 workers at three Maine factories. Every briefing that I have
received on TPP has left me concerned that these workers could be
severely disadvantaged by this trade deal. I am concerned that TPP will
end up penalizing companies like New Balance that have remained
committed to American manufacturing, rather than moving all of their
production jobs overseas.
"Notwithstanding the vote today, unless it differs substantially from
where it appears to be heading, I will very likely oppose TPP when it
is considered by the Senate."
Senator Collins Discusses Ways for the Postal Service to Maintain
Service Standards
Last week, Senator Collins met with Postmaster General Megan Brennan
and discussed the importance of prompt and reliable postal service. In
an interview, the Senator shared developments from that meeting and the
current state of the postal service with the Portland Press Herald:
>From the Portland Press Herald
:
..
"'Late delivery of mail has been a real difficult problem,' Collins
said. She said constituents have contacted her office to complain about
the longer delivery times, a problem she said is acute in rural areas
where there is a greater reliance on the Postal Service.
"Collins echoed Doughty's comments, saying the Postal Service could
enter 'a death spiral' as longer delivery times drive customers to cut
back even more on using the mail."
"'I believe the Postal Service actions are self-defeating,' said
Collins, who met last week with Postmaster General Megan J. Brennan.
"Collins said her biggest fear is that the Hampden processing center
will be closed, and mail that is collected in northern Maine will be
trucked to Scarborough for sorting and then back to northern Maine for
delivery, causing delivery times to climb.
"She recalled meeting with Brennan's predecessor a few years ago, when
the Hampden sorting center showed up on a closing list. She said she
unfolded a map to try 'to get him to understand the geography of the
state' and recognize the impact that closing the center would have on
mail delivery. Hampden was ultimately taken off the list.
"Collins said there are ways for the Postal Service to turn things
around, including increasing revenue. She told Brennan that the USPS
should consider renting out unused space in distribution centers and
selling ads on the sides of its trucks. It also should consider more
'co-locating' plans, similar to the current arrangement of putting
passport offices in post offices, she said.
"Collins said she also told Brennan that the service has too many
managers and needs to reform its workers' compensation system, which
costs $1 billion a year.
"'Adding revenue is better in the long run than cost-cutting that hurts
the Postal Service's performance,' Collins said."
To read the full article click here
.
Senator Collins Joins CARE Advocates in Discussing the Importance of
Empowering Women and Girls in the Fight Against Poverty
Top: Senator Collins Speak to CARE Advocates
Bottom: (from left to right) Susan Lewey Hamilton (Portland), A Nyalat
K Biliew (Portland), Abdalla Hassan (Portland), Nyawal James Lia
(Portland), and Shol Mishoul Pasot (Portland)
CARE, an international service relief organization, hosted its annual
conference this week in Washington, DC, where Senator Collins spoke
before 300 advocates. In her remarks, Senator Collins spoke about the
importance of empowering women and girls in the fight against poverty
around the world.
Senator Collins also met with members of CARE from Maine.
CARE is a major international humanitarian agency delivering emergency
relief and long-term international development projects.
Meeting with Mainers
Senator Collins always makes time to meet individually with
constituents- either Mainers who are visiting Washington, D.C. or at
home in Maine.
She values hearing from Mainers on a wide range of topics. Here are a
few photos from recent meetings:
Top Left: George and Edie Lydick
Top Center: Member of the Maine Warden Service and the Maine Marine
Patrol
Top Right: Jason Levesque
Bottom Left: Senator Collins Speak with Member of the Maine REALTORS
Bottom Right: Students from New Gloucester Middle School
OFFICE OF SENATOR SUSAN COLLINS
413 Dirksen Senate Office Building
Washington, D.C. 20510
Phone: (202) 224-2523
Fax: (202) 224-2693
To UNSUBSCRIBE, please click here
DEFAULT TABLE ATTRIBUTES ARE:
DEFAULT TD STYLE IS:
DEFAULT LEFT SIDEBAR IS:
DEFAULT RIGHT COLUMN IS:
Can't
see the images? Make sure your e-mail is set to download pictures in order to see the full content
of this e-newsletter.
May
18, 2015
IN
THIS ISSUE:
Senator Collins Announces
Support for Trade Adjustment Assistance and Opposition to TPP
Portland Press Herald:
"Maine Postal Workers Set to Protest Cuts That Have Slowed Regular Mail Service "
Senator Collins Joins
CARE Advocates in Discussing the Importance of Empowering Women and Girls in the Fight Against Poverty
Meeting with Mainers
WEEKLY COLUMN
"The Aging and Thriving in Place Movement"
By: Senator Susan Collins
It comes to no surprise that survey after survey indicates that most seniors would much
rather stay in their own homes and communities to &#8220;age in place&#8221; and live independently as
long as possible. Many seniors are far happier and much more comfortable in their own homes and near
friends, family, and loved ones.
While the population of seniors in our nation is increasing significantly, the number of both
professional and family caregivers that can help care for seniors to enable them to age in place is decreasing.
According to Census Bureau projections, 21 percent of the American population will be 65 and older by
2040, up from just under 14 percent in 2012. In fact, every day, 10,000 baby boomers turn sixty-five.
Americans 85 and older are the fastest growing segment of our population. And this is the very population
that is most at risk of multiple and interacting health problems that can lead to disability and need
for long-term care.
Today, there are seven caregivers for each person over 80 and at the highest risk of requiring
long-term care. By 2030, there will be four, and by 2050, the number drops to fewer than three. As a
result, in the future, more people will have to rely on fewer caregivers.
Advances in technology may provide some solutions to these challenges.
Many are familiar with the decades-old and well-known phrase, &#8220;I&#8217;ve fallen, and I
can&#8217;t get up.&#8221; That phrase, of course, was an advertisement for a medical alert system that,
for many years, was among the most advanced technologies available to help seniors stay in their homes.
While many seniors still rely on this device, breakthroughs in modern technology have brought us a long,
long way, providing new options for seniors and their families. Technological solutions can be cost-effective
and tailored to meet the specific needs of a senior and his or her living situation. Companies that develop
these technologies are starting to recognize the needs of seniors, and design products to meet these
needs.
It is very exciting that some important work related to research and development of technologies
to help seniors age in place is taking place right here in Maine at the University of Maine&#8217;s Center
on Aging.
The Senate Special Committee on Aging, which I chair, recently held a hearing to examine how advances
in technology can help seniors live independently and age in place. Dr. Carol Kim, Vice President for
Research at the University of Maine, came to Washington to testify about UMaine&#8217;s &#8220;Successful
Aging Initiative for Living,&#8221; or SAIL, program.
To read the rest of Senator Collins' Weekly Column click
here .
Senator
Collins Appears on WVOM to Discuss Efforts to Combat Fraud Schemes Targeting Seniors
Senator Collins joined the
George
Hale Ric Tyler Show
on WVOM this week where she discussed her work on the Senate Aging Committee
to combat scams targeting senior citizens.
In the segment, Senator Collins referenced her recent
questioning
of Attorney General Loretta Lynch during a hearing of the Commerce, Justice, and Science Appropriations
Subcommittee. The Senator&#8217;s questions focused in part on the current status of the Department of
Justice&#8217;s efforts to combat fraudulent scams targeting seniors, a topic
investigated
last month
in the Senate Aging Committee, which Senator Collins chairs.
Senator Collins Announces Support for Trade
Adjustment Assistance and Opposition to TPP
U.S. Senator Susan Collins voted this week in favor of proceeding to debate the
trade bill before the United States Senate. After the vote, Senator Collins made the following statement:
&#8220;I voted for the motion to begin debate today because the legislation included an extension
of Trade Adjustment Assistance (TAA) which expired at the end of 2014. This critical extension, which
I co-authored with Senator Ron Wyden (D-OR), has been essential to workers who have lost their jobs through
no fault of their own. In 2013 alone, more than 700 Mainers benefitted from the TAA programs.
&#8220;My vote should not be construed as signifying support for either Trade Promotion Authority
(TPA) or the Trans Pacific Partnership (TPP). I remain very skeptical about granting the President TPA
as it paves the way for TPP, which could in turn threaten many American jobs.
&#8220;I am especially concerned about Maine&#8217;s shoemaking jobs, some of which could be jeopardized
by TPP. New Balance, for example, employs nearly 900 workers at three Maine factories. Every briefing
that I have received on TPP has left me concerned that these workers could be severely disadvantaged
by this trade deal. I am concerned that TPP will end up penalizing companies like New Balance that have
remained committed to American manufacturing, rather than moving all of their production jobs overseas.
&#8220;Notwithstanding the vote today, unless it differs substantially from where it appears to
be heading, I will very likely oppose TPP when it is considered by the Senate.&#8221;
Senator Collins Discusses Ways for the Postal
Service to Maintain Service Standards
Last week, Senator Collins met with Postmaster General Megan Brennan and discussed
the importance of prompt and reliable postal service. In an interview, the Senator shared developments
from that meeting and the current state of the postal service with the Portland Press Herald:
From the
Portland
Press Herald :
...
"'Late delivery of mail has been a real difficult problem,' Collins said. She
said constituents have contacted her office to complain about the longer delivery times, a problem she
said is acute in rural areas where there is a greater reliance on the Postal Service.
"Collins echoed Doughty&#8217;s comments, saying the Postal Service could enter
'a death spiral' as longer delivery times drive customers to cut back even more on using the mail."
"'I believe the Postal Service actions are self-defeating,' said Collins, who
met last week with Postmaster General Megan J. Brennan.
"Collins said her biggest fear is that the Hampden processing center will be closed,
and mail that is collected in northern Maine will be trucked to Scarborough for sorting and then back
to northern Maine for delivery, causing delivery times to climb.
"She recalled meeting with Brennan&#8217;s predecessor a few years ago, when the
Hampden sorting center showed up on a closing list. She said she unfolded a map to try 'to get him to
understand the geography of the state' and recognize the impact that closing the center would have on
mail delivery. Hampden was ultimately taken off the list.
"Collins said there are ways for the Postal Service to turn things around, including
increasing revenue. She told Brennan that the USPS should consider renting out unused space in distribution
centers and selling ads on the sides of its trucks. It also should consider more 'co-locating' plans,
similar to the current arrangement of putting passport offices in post offices, she said.
"Collins said she also told Brennan that the service has too many managers and
needs to reform its workers&#8217; compensation system, which costs $1 billion a year.
"'Adding revenue is better in the long run than cost-cutting that hurts the Postal
Service&#8217;s performance,' Collins said."
To read the full article click
here .
Senator Collins Joins CARE Advocates in Discussing
the Importance of E mpowering Women and Girls in
the Fight Against Poverty
Top:
Senator Collins Speak to CARE Advocates
Bottom:
(f rom left to right) Susan Lewey Hamilton (Portland), A Nyalat K Biliew (Portland), Abdalla Hassan
(Portland), Nyawal James Lia (Portland), and Shol Mishoul Pasot (Portland)
CARE, an international service relief organization, hosted its annual conference this
week in Washington, DC, where Senator Collins spoke before 300 advocates. In her remarks, Senator Collins
spoke about the importance of empowering women and girls in the fight against poverty around the world.
Senator Collins also met with members of CARE from Maine.
CARE is a major international humanitarian agency delivering emergency relief and long-term
international development projects.
Meeting
with Mainers
Senator Collins always makes time to meet individually with constituents&#8212; either Mainers who
are visiting Washington, D.C. or at home in Maine.
She values hearing from Mainers on a wide range of topics. Here are a few photos from recent meetings:
Top Left: George and Edie Lydick Top
Center: Member of the Maine Warden Service and the Maine Marine Patrol
Top Right: Jason Levesque Bottom
Left: Senator Collins Speak with Member of the Maine REALTORS
Bottom Right: Students from New Gloucester
Middle School
OFFICE OF SENATOR SUSAN COLLINS
413 Dirksen Senate Office Building Washington,
D.C. 20510 Phone: (202) 224-2523 Fax: (202) 224-2693
To UNSUBSCRIBE,
please
click here
