
Saturday, May 23, 2015
WEBSITE
|
FORWARD TO A FRIEND
| SHARE ON:
Congressional Report
Dear Friends,
Please take a moment to read my latest update from Washington and Texas Congressional District 28. You can stay connected by signing up for my weekly email
here.
Working in Bipartisan Fashion for Texans
This week, I was named the "Most Bipartisan Democrat" in the 113th Congress by the Legar Center and Georgetown University McCourt School of Public Policy's Bipartisan Index. As we see more and more partisanship and dysfunction from Washington, I pride myself on my ability to work with anyoneDemocrats or Republicansto get things done for my constituents. I will continue to work across the aisle with anyone I can, and Im hopeful that I can convince more members to do the same as this Congress progresses.
Meeting with El Salvador Ambassador to the United States
On May 19 in Washington, I met with the Ambassador of El Salvador to the United States, Francisco Altschul Fuentes, to discuss U.S.- El Salvador relations.
USDA Announces Funding Available for Food Safety Training, Outreach and Technical Assistance
The USDA National Institute of Food and Agriculture recently announced the availability of $2.3 million for the establishment of regional centers to support comprehensive food safety training and education, pursuant to the Food Safety Modernization Act. This program will address the needs of small and medium-sized farms, beginning farmers, socially disadvantaged farmers, small processors, and small fresh fruit and vegetable merchant wholesalers.
For more information, visit
www.nifa.usda.gov .
Honoring Youth of the Year in Laredo
On May 12, my outreach coordinator for Webb, La Salle and Zapata Counties, Michael Buentello, presented a congressional certificate of recognition to Tingling Wu of St. Augustine High School in Laredo, who was named as the Youth of the Year by the Laredo Sector Border Patrol for excelling in academic achievement, community involvement and demonstration of fortitude to succeed.
Saying Goodbye to Our DC Interns
As the semester ends, we say goodbye to our Spring 2015 D.C. interns: Louise Bentsen, KeYonna Hall and Allison Kowalcyzk, who did outstanding work serving Texas Congressional District 28. Interns have an important and valuable role in my office. Find out how to apply for an internship with my office either in the district or in D.C.
here .
TX28 Tips
FDA - Diabetes Products -- Don't Fall for False Promises
This video from the United States Drug and Food Administration
warns against bogus diabetes products that are flooding the marketplace, especially the internet. Be cautious when you see bold product claims which make unrealistic promises. Watch this video to learn more.
Sincerely,
Henry Cuellar
Next week the House of Representatives is out of session for a district work week
CONNECT
Rep. Cuellar In the News
5/14/15, KGNS: Congressman Henry Cuellar Advocates for Passenger Rail between U.S. and Mexico
5/14/15: $124M proposal to add judges to backlogged immigration system clears legislative hurdle
5/15/15, Brownsville Herald: Proposal to add judges to backlogged immigration system clears legislative hurdle
5/15/15, Texas Border Business: Congressman Cuellar Works to Fund 55 New Immigration Judges
5/15/15, KSAT: No timeline yet for White House visit by Honduran amputees
5/15/15, Houston Chronicle: Immigration courts backlog worsens
5/15/15, Houston Chronicle: Immigration debate rages on while border arrests drop
5/15/15, McAllen Monitor: EDITORIAL: More immigration judges will help courts, country
5/16/15, El Diario NY: Empeoran las demoras en los tribunales de inmigracin
5/16/15, El Manana de Reynosa: Contratara EU 55 nuevos jueces de inmigracin
5/18/15, Laredo Morning Times: Rep. Wants More Judges
5/19/15, Real Clear Politics: Lugar Center Index Ranks Lawmakers on Bipartisanship
Neighborhood Office Hours
Tuesday, May 19 th
Poteet City Hall
474 Avenue H
10:00am - 11:00am
Poteet, TX
Lytle City Hall
14916 Main
12:00pm - 1:00pm
Lytle, TX
Have a question about neighborhood office hours? Call my toll free number at 877-780-0028
NOTE: Please DO NOT respond to this email as this inbox is unattended. To contact my office please
click here
UPDATE SUBSCRIPTION OPTIONS
|
PRIVACY POLICY
|
CONTACT US
Click Here Click Here