
E-news Sign-up
Sunday May 10, 2015
CONTACT STEVEN
Honoring our Heroes
In Case You
Missed It...
Harrison Central honors fallen heroes
WLOX
They were young and patriotic. All three joined the military after graduating from Harrison Central. Then, in the course of just six years, all three would be killed in the war against Iraq. Harrison Central High school took time Wednesday to reflect and remember three young men taken too soon.
Ingalls Shipyard christens newest Navy warship to help defend the country
- WLOX
It was a day of honor and celebration as Ingalls Shipbuilding marked a major milestone.
The Navy's newest guided missile destroyer, that the state's largest private employer is building, was christened today. The ship is named after the first U.S. World War II Medal of Honor recipient. "It doesn't matter how many times I see these ships grow from steel plates until the great ships you see here today, I still believe it is an absolute modern marvel," said Congressman Steven Palazzo.
This week I was honored to attend and speak at
the Memorial Ceremony honoring Fallen Heroes of Operation Iraqi Freedom
at Harrison Central High School.
The ceremony was held in honor of three Harrison Central graduates, Shane Childers, Danny Varnado, and Johnny Polk, who served their country and sadly lost their lives while fighting the war in Iraq.
During the ceremony, they unveiled the memorial sign displaying the names of the three soldiers that will be placed at the entrance of the high school.
Our men and women in uniform, as well as their families, sacrifice so much to protect our nations freedoms, and sadly some will make the ultimate sacrifice.
I ask that you continue to remember our falle n soldiers and their loved ones they have left behind.
I also enjoyed attending the Bay St. Louis rotary meeting on Wednesday.
I had the opportunity to provide a legislative update on what we are doing in Congress.
We also had a discussion centered around flood insurance premiums in South Mississippi.
The Homeowner Flood Insurance Affordability Act we passed last year helped keep rates down and capped their increase, allowing insurance to remain affordable and available on the Gulf Coast.
As Congress looks toward another National Flood Insurance Program (NFIP) reauthorization bill in two years, many Bay St. Louis residents shared some potential changes to the program to help make it sustainable and affordable.
As always, if we can be of any assistance please call or visit my office. For more updates I encourage you to connect with me on
facebook ,
t witter , or by visiting my
website .
I'm also now on
instagram
and invite you to follow my updates and posts from there as well!
In Your Service,
Steven M. Palazzo
NOTE: Please DO NOT respond to this email as this inbox is unattended. To contact my office please
click here
UNSUBSCRIBE
|
PRIVACY POLICY
|
CONTACT US
Click Here Click Here