DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.0 Transitional//EN" "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml1/DTD/xhtml1-transitional.dtd"
If you are having trouble reading this email,
please view the web version .
House Passes Pain-Capable Unborn Child Protection Act
On Wednesday, the House passed H.R. 36, a bill that would ban late-term abortions starting at the sixth month of gestation. You know, it was only two years ago that late-term abortionist Dr. Kermit Gosnell of Philadelphia was convicted on three counts of first-degree murder. One woman on whom he performed an abortion died at his hands. While Pennsylvania law bans late-term abortions, and Dr. Gosnell is going to spend the rest of his life in jail, federal law does not protect children at that stage in pregnancy.
House Passes Iran Agreement Review Act
On Thursday, the House passed a bill to require any agreement which President Obama reaches with the Islamic Republic of Iran regarding their nuclear program to be reviewed by Congress before enactment. Under this legislation, Congress would vote not to approve the agreement, but vote to disapprove it. The bill would also require the President to notify Congress within ten days of any Iranian breach of the agreement. Iran is generally estimated to be two to three months away from obtaining a nuclear weapon. This possibility is a threat to us all, not only to those in the Middle East, but to the peace and stability of the world.
Art Contest Winner
On Monday night, at Garden Spot Village, I announced the winner of this years Congressional Art Competition. Each year, Members of Congress are allowed to hang in the Cannon Tunnelwhich connects the House office buildings and the U.S. Capitolone work of art by a high school student in their district. Thousands and thousands of tourists walk by these paintings every week, and its a great way to showcase and encourage talented young artists. This years winner is Julia Irvin of Garden Spot High School. I also want to mention three runners up: Leah Justiniano of Conestoga Valley High School, Elsie Forry of Elizabethtown High School, and Sarah Kurland-Hill of J.P. McCaskey High School. It was difficult choosing a winner. Ive been drawing and painting for a long time, but all of these young artists strongly impressed me. You can go see the pieces of the other competitors at Garden Spot Village until May 30.
Op-ed of the Week: Why We Wore Red
It has been one year and one month since Boko Haram kidnapped 270 schoolgirls in Chibok, Nigeria. In the West, we were shocked. Celebrities like Ellen DeGeneres and Michelle Obama used their fame to bring attention to this human rights violation.
This is by no means an isolated incident. In large parts of Africa and elsewhere, girls live in fear each day of kidnapping, mutilation, and other forms of violence. They cannot hope to go to school, to learn to drive, or go out alone.
It is sad to say, but violence against women is so rampant in some societies that many have forgotten about the girls from Chibok. Boko Haram has killed over 11,000 people, and displaced some 1.5 million Nigerians just in the past five years.
On Wednesday, marking exactly one year and one month since the Chibok kidnappings, I joined with colleagues of both parties, such as Representatives Frederica Wilson and Carolyn Maloney, to wear red for the girls kidnapped in Chibok.
We wore red because of the innocent blood that is spilled continually, and that cries out from the ground for justice. We wore red because the girls are still missing. We wore red because too many girls live in fear.
Read more in this weeks
OP-ED .
Facebook
Podcast
Tell Joe Your Opinion
Issues
The 16th District
Ask Joe For Help
The Government
Legislation
Press
About Joe Pitts
Photo Gallery
Please feel free to
forward this email to your friends and family .
Recent Videos
Opening Statement on ISIS Human Rights Abuses
Rep. Pitts opens a Human Rights Commission hearing on the abuses of the Islamic State.
A Permanent Replacement to the Sustainable Growth Rate
Rep. Pitts leads debate on the bill to permanently replace the flawed Medicare Sustainable Growth Rate.
Washington, D.C. Office
420 Cannon House Office Building
Washington, DC 20515
(1st Street and Independence Avenue)
202-225-2411
202-225-2013 (fax)
Chester County Office
Post Office Box 837
Unionville, PA 19375
(Routes 82 and 926)
610-444-4581
610-444-5750 (fax)
Lancaster Office
150 North Queen Street
Suite 716 (7th floor)
Lancaster, PA 17603
717-393-0667
717-393-0924 (fax)
Click Here Click Here