
If you are having trouble viewing this message or would like to share
it on a social network, you can
view the message online .
About
|
Contact
|
My Priorities
|
Services
|
Resources
|
Legislation
|
Media Center
May 26, 2015
Hello from Washington,
DC!
It's been an exciting few weeks in our nation's
capital, and in the San Fernando Valley. My staff finished April strong
with several health insurance workshops in the Valley to help
Californians learn how to sign up for health insurance under the Affordable
Care Act. I was also pleased to participate in a Job Fair that brought
together nearly 100 companies with almost 500 job openings in the
Valley. It's great to see that our economy is picking up
steam!
When I come home to our Valley, I make sure I visit
schools and businesses to learn more about what is going on, what
issues are important to people and how we are preparing our future
generations to build our nation. I was particularly focused on kids and
education this month. You can read more below about two laws I introduced in
Congress that will help our kids learn more about computer science,
and get them ready for the jobs of tomorrow. Focusing on education and
ensuring that our kids are ready to compete is one of the most
important things I can do as a legislator. One part of learning that many
people don't think about is a solid background in the arts. In this
month's newsletter, read about students from all over the Valley competing
in our first annual Congressional Art
Show.
Just as a reminder, you can follow what I'm doing, watch my
HEADING HOME video series , and send me tweets and
facebook comments online. Click the buttons under the poll, to the right, to
like me on
Facebook
or
Twitter !
Have a great spring and start of
summer,
How should Congressman Crdenas
vote on the Trans-Pacific Partnership (TPP) trade agreement and Trade
Promotion Authority (TPA or "fast track") for President
Obama? Yes on both Yes on TPA, No on TPP Yes on TPP, No on TPA No on both Don't know/Don't care I don't know, but I'd like to learn
more *By
answering this survey, you are subscribing to my newsletter. If
you are having trouble, click here.
PROTECTING AMERICAN
CONSUMERS
For the past several months, I stood alone as the only member
of the U.S. House of Representatives to actively voice opposition to
the merger of Comcast and Time Warner Cable. I was happy to hear that
Comcast had decided to abandon the proposed merger, after indications
from the Federal Communications Commission (FCC) that any potential
merger would be blocked. In articles in the
New York
Times
and
Wall Street Journal ,
I said that the merger would hurt consumers and competition, concerns
that were echoed by the FCC and the Department of Justice
(DOJ).
Last August, I led more than fifty members of
the House in a letter to Comcast and Time Warner Cable, expressing
our concerns with the potential merger. Even though I was only one lone
voice, I hoped people would see that the potential impact on American
families was foremost on my mind. Thankfully, FCC and DOJ recognized
the same thing. They did the proper investigations and I am pleased
they came to the same conclusion I did: the near-monopoly conditions
created by this merger would have been bad for American consumers, bad for
content creators and a violation of the free market principles that
this country holds dear.
I wish
Comcast and Time Warner the best of luck in their current situations, but
I am pleased they will not be
merging.
DEFENDING THE GREATEST
GENERATION
This month marked the anniversary of the end of World War II
in Europe and, as I watched celebrations and remberances from across
the globe, I thought of those members of the Greatest Generation still
with us, and what we can do to help them. Judith lives in Van Nuys and,
until he passed away, she was married to a proud Veteran of service
in World War II, until he passed
away.
Before he passed, Judith's husband received a check from the Treasury
Department that she was not able to cash after his death. She contacted
my Panorama City office and spoke with Brian, who opened a file and
went to work for Judith. Brian spoke with officials at the Treasury
Department and the Veterans Administration. Together, they helped him
figure out where the original check came from, and get it issued in
Judith's name.
Every month, dozens of people
call or email my office, to ask for help. You may have a problem that you
think is too simple, or too complicated, to call me about. I want you
to know that whether you were born during the Great Depression, or
during the Internet Age, I am here to help with any questions, concerns
or challenges you face in dealing with the federal government. Please
call my office at 818-781-7407, or simply drop by. We're located at
8134 Van Nuys Blvd., in Suite
206.
LEADING THE WAY ON
CYBERSECURITY
In April, as a member of the House Committee on Energy and Commerce,
I successfully fought to protect American small businesses from
potential cyberattacks. My amendment to the Protecting Cyber Networks Act
will protect national security, starting from the ground up. It mandates
that the Small Business Administration (SBA) offer assistance to
small businesses and small financial institutions to monitor information
and to encourage defensive
measures.
Washington is a faraway place for small business owners. Our laws can seem
very disconnected. The issues can be brushed off as someone else's
problem. But, we know hackers will look for the most vulnerable in the
supply chain to exploit their security. It is essential that today and
moving forward on all of these cyber security debates, we make sure we
have programs in place to work with and educate our small businesses.
I was proud to push for these programs, and even more proud to be
joined by U.S. Reps. Devin Nunes (R-Calif.) and Adam Schiff (D-Los
Angeles, Calif.), the Chairman and leading Democrat on the House Intelligence
Committee, who both supported my
amendment.
The Protecting Cyber Networks Act will permit voluntary sharing of
a very limited category of electronic threat indicators by the
private sector. Companies sharing these indicators will have to remove all
personal identification before transferring the information to a
federal agency, who will be able to help businesses avoid future electronic
attacks. The bill passed the House and is now waiting for the Senate
to pass it and send it to President Obama for his
signature.
CONGRESSIONAL ART
COMPETITION WINNER ANNOUNCED
Kristina Andrada from Panorama City, who attends
the Valley Academy of Arts and Sciences, took first prize at the first
annual Congressional Art Show held last week.
Her piece, Flower
Girl, is an acrylic painting. Kristina and her family will visit
Washington, DC, to see her artwork on display at the U.S.
Capitol.
I am proud to represent an incredibly diverse,
talented part of our nation. That diversity provided an amazing
representation of the art being made every day in our schools. I want to thank
every student who participated in this journey, and their families.
Art is not simply a reflection of who we are, but it is also a tool
that we use to build our minds. An education in the arts leads to success
in other subjects, and I hope this competition reminds students,
teachers and parents how important that education can be.
Each spring, a nation-wide
high school arts competition is sponsored by the Members of the
U.S. House of Representatives . The Artistic Discovery Contest is
open to all high school students in the 29th District. Like previous
winners, Kristina's painting will be displayed for one year in the U.S.
Capitol. The exhibit in Washington will also include artwork from other
contest winners
nation-wide.
NO AMERICAN SHOULD BE
HUNGRY
Sometimes politics feels way too removed from the streets we all walk every
day. When I walk around our Valley and see people who are clearly
going hungry, my heart aches. I want to bring your attention to a program
the federal government has created to help stop that from happening.
The USDA National Hunger Clearinghouse (NHC) is an important tool to
combat hunger. The USDA National Hunger Hotline is part of the
Clearinghouse and operates from 5:00 AM
5:00 PM Pacific
Time.
If you need help, or you know someone who does, the
Hotline can be reached at 1-866-3-HUNGRY or 1-877-8-HAMBRE. A
Clearinghouse representative will help find food resources, no matter when you
live.
Washington, DC Office
1510
Longworth House Office Building
Washington, DC
20515
Phone: 202-225-6131
Fax: 202-225-0819
hours: M-F
9-5:30pm
District Office
8134 Van Nuys Blvd.
Suite
206
Panorama City, CA 91402
Phone: (818) 781-7407
Fax: (818)
504-0280
Unsubscribe
|
Update My
Profile
|
Privacy Policy
