
Honoring Our Future Leaders
This week, I welcomed and congratulated several Pennsylvania students who will be attending one of the U.S. Service Academies in the coming months at a breakfast at the U.S. Capitol. It was an honor for me to nominate these outstanding young men and women, and I am so proud of all of Pennsylvania's students who will attend a U.S. Service Academy and one day serve their country as an officer. Just a few weeks ago they were wearing caps and gowns, and a few weeks from now, they will be wearing the uniform of our nation's military.
Those attending the breakfast with their families were:
Jesse Campanella (Lancaster, Lancaster County) - U.S Military Academy at West Point
Galen Kreutzberger (Harrison City, Westmoreland County) - U.S. Military Academy at West Point
Zach Sermarini (Barto, Berks County) - U.S. Naval Academy
Lionel Gumireddy (Sewickley, Allegheny County) - U.S. Air Force Academy
Albert Taglieri (Spring Grove, York County) - U.S. Air Force Academy
May God bless them and all our service men and women.
Advancing Research
On Tuesday, I met with Grace Haupt and her mother, Dr. Holly Hedrick. Grace has Friedreich's ataxia - a progressive neuromuscular disease that causes loss of coordination in the arms and legs, as well as muscle weakness and fatigue. This is a rare disease - only about 5,000 people in the United States have it.
Coincidentally, Dr. Hedrick is a
Children's Hospital of Philadelphia (CHOP)
pediatric surgeon whose work is devoted to fetal surgery to correct life-threatening and debilitating birth defects. Grace and Dr. Hedrick shared their personal story with me - it's one of perseverance and hope. We also discussed how research has made strides in helping patients with these types of diseases.
I look forward to staying in touch with Grace, and seeing medical research produce breakthroughs that can help all Pennsylvanians with debilitating diseases.
Protecting Prison Workers
I sat down with Don Williams and his wife, Jean, to discuss our efforts to protect prison guards while they are on the job. Don and Jean's son, Eric, was murdered in 2013 while working as a correctional officer at the U.S. Penitentiary, Canaan (Wayne County).
Senator Bob Casey and I introduced bipartisan legislation this year in memory of Officer Eric Williams. The "Eric Williams Correctional Officer Protection Act of 2014" authorizes all correctional officers in federal medium-security prisons and higher to carry pepper spray.
Officer Eric Williams' murder was horrific and shocking. To prevent future tragedies and to save lives, we need to expand the availability of pepper spray for correctional officers. While some level of risk will always be present in a prison, Congress can and must do more to protect our correctional officers. I urge the Senate to pass this commonsense bill in short order.
Young Pennsylvania Historians
On Wednesday, students from across Pennsylvania visited me at the U.S. Capitol as part of National History Day. These students made projects about this year's theme, Leadership &amp; Legacy, and traveled to Washington, D.C. to meet with their elected officials.
This is a bright group of kids. They asked me a range of questions, including what I like most about my job, how I work with colleagues on the other side of the aisle, and House of Cards! I look forward to seeing these students excel in the classroom and become the next generation of civic leaders.
Outstanding Public Service
On Thursday, I visited with winners of the
Jefferson Award
from Lancaster, Pittsburgh, and Johnstown. These outstanding individuals were recognized for their dedication to public service in our communities.
Their achievements include safe housing for victims of human trafficking, mentoring of Pennsylvania's African-American youth, and raising money for cancer research. Their outstanding public service should be celebrated, and I am proud to have these dedicated Pennsylvanians making our communities and great state better.
ALLENTOWN, PA
PH: (610) 434-1444
ERIE, PA
PH: (814) 453-3010
HARRISBURG, PA
PH: (717) 782-3951
JOHNSTOWN, PA
PH: (814) 266-5970
PHILADELPHIA, PA
PH: (215) 241-1090
PITTSBURGH, PA
PH: (412) 803-3501
SCRANTON, PA
PH: (570) 941-3540
WASHINGTON, D.C.
PH: (202) 224-4254
UNSUBSCRIBE
