
Rick's weekly Report
to sign up click
here
Friend,
This week, our thoughts and prayers are with the victims, their families and all those impacted by the tragedy in Charleston, SC at Emanuel AME Church.
In the wake of such a senseless act of violence, our hearts break for those suffering unimaginable loss, and we are grateful to law enforcement officers who worked to bring the vicious perpetrator into custody. May those we lost rest in peace, and may we continue to keep their loved ones and the city of Charleston in our prayers.
In Washington this week, the House passed a bill I proudly cosponsored to repeal ObamaCare's harmful tax on the sale of medical devices , such as ventilators and pacemakers .
This tax has cost tens of thousands of jobs and held back innovation of lifesaving technologies. As the fight continues for full repeal of ObamaCare, this job-killing tax is one area of this law both sides of the aisle agree needs to go.
Read more here.
While the House of Representatives continues working through the appropriations process, I was pleased to support two bills critical to protecting our nation's defense.
On Tuesday, we passed
legislation authorizing funding for intelligence-related activities of the government
and vital national security missions.
Last week, the House also passed the Department of Defense Appropriations Act , which ensures funding for our military and also provides our troops a much-deserved pay raise.
I feel very fortunate to have such a sharp group of interns in my D.C. office this summer.
Robin and I have enjoyed spending time getting to know them and are grateful for all their hard work for the 12th district!
Congressman Allen
and Mrs. Robin Allen are pictured in front of the Capitol with students from the 12th district working as interns this summer in the D.C. office. From left to right: Leslie Dodson, Carlton Norwood, Nina McCallie, Congressman Allen, Mrs. Robin Allen, and Ethan Perkins.
It's always a pleasure to welcome students from Georgia visiting our nation's capital. As a former 4-H student, I was glad to have young leaders from University of Georgia's 4-H program in my office this week!
Constituent service is a top priority of mine, and my staff and I are here to help navigate problems you may be having with a federal agency, such as Social Security, Veterans Affairs, or Medicare.
That's why members of my staff are visiting counties across the 12th district to hold Community Office Hours and meet personally with constituents closer to home. Next week, a representative from my office will be in Candler, Emanuel, Jenkins, and Burke counties.
Check my website here to find out specific times and locations .
Sincerely,
Rick Allen
Member of Congress
WEBSITE
|
UNSUBSCRIBE
|
CONTACT
Click Here Click Here