
Video of the Week :
I hope you will take a moment to watch this video from my trip with the poverty-fighting organization called CARE, when we traveled to the Western Highlands region of Guatemala. I met with community health volunteers who are dedicated to helping moms stay healthy during their pregnancies and discussed the importance of empowering women across the globe.
Click here
or on the picture above to watch the video.
Weekly Update:
This week at home in the district, I was able to celebrate Nurse Appreciation Week with a visit to the "Meals on Wheels" facility in Wake County and later in the week, I visited the UNC School of Medicine and the UNC School of Nursing. During my tour of the Meals on Wheels facility, I met with the Director and learned about the preparation and planning going into each meal for our senior citizens. At the end of the tour, I was honored to be presented with a 2015 Medicare Part D Patient Access Champion Award for my efforts in saving this program. Our senior citizens remain a priority, and I'm so appreciative of the Meals on Wheels program for all they do in our community to care for them.
Also this week, I attended a
Facebook veteran and military-focused small business event in Fayetteville . I was thrilled to see Facebook, Blue Star Families, and Iraq and Afghanistan Veterans of America team up and select the Second District as the ideal spot for premiering this one-of-a-kind event. This event was aimed at teaching veterans and military-connected small business owners about how they can leverage Facebook to grow their business, promote their products and attract new customers. It was truly a remarkable occasion with more than 300 small business owners registered!
It has been a wonderful week celebrating both small business owners and nurses, and I hope you will scroll down to see more of my week in action.
Touring UNC School of Medicine and Nursing
On Thursday, I enjoyed an informative tour of the UNC Hospitals including the Jaycee Burn Center (pictured above), and the UNC Schools of Medicine, Nursing and Pharmacy.
Above: Talking with Dr. Anthony Lindsey, Chief Medical Officer for UNC Hospitals, as we walked through the Nurse's Week Expo in the hospital lobby area.
Above: At the UNC School of Nursing with Donna Havens, Interim Dean of the School of Nursing, and Don Curtis, a member of the UNC-Chapel Hill Board of Trustees.
Fayetteville Veteran and Small Business Boost
I enjoyed speaking to ABC 11 about the importance of Monday's small business boost event for our military families and veterans.
Click here
or on the photo above to watch the interview and learn more about the event.
Monday's event was a perfect way to kick off National Small Business Week. This unique event gave veteran and military family business owners a front-row seat to learn directly from Facebook experts on ways to expand their business. Talk about a hands-on learning experience!
Meals on Wheels of Wake County
Speaking to the Wake County Director of Meals on Wheels, Allen Winstead, and touring their facility. As a nurse, I understand how vitally important it is that our seniors receive proper nutrition -- and I am so grateful for Meals on Wheels' work in our community.
At the end of the tour, I was presented with the 2015 Medicare Part D Patient Access Champion Award. Medicare Part D is a critically important program for our nation's seniors, as it allows for them to access affordable prescription drug coverage and choose a plan working best for them.
WEBSITE
|
UNSUBSCRIBE
|
CONTACT
Click Here Click Here