
News
from
Representative
Scott
Perry
M a y17 , 2015
This week the House approved bipartisan legislation that requires the withdrawal of the Administrations flawed Waters of the United States proposed rule that would give the federal government unprecedented authority to regulate virtually any water in the United States.
We can find common sense ways to protect our environment and waterways without unnecessarily expanding the reach of the federal government. Government regulations cost the average American family more than $15,000 each year and this rule would only add to those costs.
This idea is not new. Previous legislative attempts to expand these regulations were halted by strong bipartisan opposition in Congress. In addition, twice, the Supreme Court reaffirmed that there are limits to federal jurisdiction under the Clean Water Act. This regulation also could duplicate existing environmental oversight by states, thereby wasting taxpayer dollars.
I've questioned the potential scope of this new regulation, noting that all ephemeral and intermittent streams, and the wetlands that are connected or next to them, will be subject to federal oversight under the proposed rule. Ive repeatedly expressed concern that business or private activities that create temporary ditches and other small, wet areas now could fall under federal jurisdiction. Continued oversight of this rule will help protect our waters without unreasonable and burdensome regulations on our businesses, farmers and families.
This week I also opposed the latest version of H.R. 2048, the USA Freedom Act. This legislation threatens to undo much of the progress resulting from the recent Second Circuit Court of Appeals opinion to limit NSA spying. The bill's sponsors, and unfortunately some outside advocacy groups, wrongly claim that H.R. 2048 ends "bulk" collection of metadata. It's true that the bill ends the phone dragnet as we currently know itby having the phone companies themselves hold, search, and analyze certain data at the request of the government, which is worse in many ways given the broader set of data the companies holdbut H.R. 2048 actually expands the statutory basis for the large-scale collection of most data.
H.R. 2048 falls woefully short of reining in the mass collection of Americans data, and it takes us a step in the wrong direction by specifically authorizing such collection in violation of the Fourth Amendment to the Constitution.
This week, the Senate introduced companion legislation to my House bill to ensure that children and individuals with epilepsy and other debilitating seizure disorders have access to life-changing Cannabidiol (CBD) oil. The Senate legislation is very similar to H.R. 1635 the Charlottes Web Medical Access Act of 2015.
Speaking at CBD Press Conference
Many of my colleagues have been approached in their districts by families whose children suffer from severe epilepsy. People across the nation are being forced to consider geographically breaking up their families to move to states that allow CBD treatment. The federal government shouldnt break up families who are just trying to help their children.
Were I in a similar situation, Id want the same for my children; and CBD oil offers great hope for relief. I applaud the Senators for taking action. These kids and people like them deserve a chance at a healthy and productive life and our government shouldnt stand in the way.
Finally, this week I appeared on CNN to discuss the tragic AMTRAK accident. Its critical we find out exactly what happened to prevent future incidents and keep the Northeast Corridor safely operating. The Northeast Corridor is vital to our transportation system. In March, the House passed the bipartisan Passenger Rail Reform and Investment Act. This bill authorizes $1.4 billion per year for Amtrak, in addition to $300 million per year to states for passenger rail improvements.
CNN Interview about AMTRAK Acciden t
Sincerely,
Scott Perry
JOIN
ME
ON
Adams
County
Office
22
Chambersburg
Street
Gettysburg,
PA
17325
Phone:
717-338-1919
Fax:
717-334-6314
Cumberland/Dauphin
Counties
Office
730
North
Front
Street
Wormleysburg,
PA
17043
Phone:
717-635-9504
Fax:
717-635-9861
York
County
Office
2209
East
Market
Street
York,
PA
17402
Phone:
717-600-1919
Fax:
717-757-5001
Washington,
DC
Office
1207 Longworth HOB
Washington,
DC
20515
Phone:
202-225-5836
Fax:
202-226-1000
Sign
Up
for
the
Member's
Newsletter:
Subscribe
Unsubscribe
to
the
Member's
Newsletter:
Unsubscribe
Please
do
not
reply
to
this
email.
The
mailbox
is
unattended.
To
share
your
thoughts
please
visit
my
webpage
-
http://perry.house.gov
Click Here
to view this email in your browser
Click Here
to be removed from this list