
E-news Sign-up
Sunday June 21, 2015
CONTACT STEVEN
Protecting Our Jobs and Religious Freedoms
In Case You
Missed It...
House Republicans rebuff D.C. on budget; reproductive law under threat
Washington Post
Rep. Steven M. Palazzo (R-Miss.)
introduced the measure. He called the Districts Reproductive Health Non-
Discrimination Amendment Act deceivingly named.
It blatantly disregards the First Amendment and
. . .
takes unprecedented steps to supercede the religious precedents that govern the lives and businesses of the men, women and children that live and work in the District of Columbia.
Palazzo
works to save two South Mississippi postal facilities
Sun Herald
Congressman Steven Palazzo issued a statement Wednesday in support of an amendment to restore postal service funding and prevent the closure of two South Mississippi facilities.
D.C. reproductive health discrimination law blocked by House panel
Palazzo: Bill forces religious institutions to violate beliefs
Washington Times
Rep. Steven Palazzo
offered the amendment arguing that the D.C. law would force religious institutions to violate their beliefs.
Protecting Religious Institutions
This week
I took a stand to protect the first amendment rights of religious organizations in our country.
Wednesday, during the committee markup on the Financial Services FY16 Appropriations Bill I
offered an amendment that passed to prevent funds from being used towards the, deceivingly named, Reproductive Health Non-Discrimination Act.
Last year, the District of Columbia City Council passed The Reproductive Health Non-Discrimination Act that
takes steps to surpass the religious principles held by many of the people who live and work in the District of Columbia. Under this misguided laws extremely broad language, any employer or employment agency is prohibited from making a decision to employ an individual based on their personal feelings about birth control or abortion.
For example, a Catholic school could be required to hire a teacher that advocates for the use of abortion as a birth control option.
While the First Amendment gives that teacher every legal right to share her opinions publicly, the same First Amendment protects religious institutions from being forced to hire someone who actively advocates against core principles of that organization.
Before any bill passed by the City Council takes effect, it is subject to Congressional Review. When the
The Reproductive Health Non-Discrimination Act
was first signed ,
Representative Diane Black introduced a resolution of disapproval that was passed in the House on April 30 th
of this year by a vote of 228-192.
Unfortunately, our colleagues in the Senate did not pick up Representative Blacks House resolution.
My amendment that passed in committee this week offers another opportunity to prevent this law from taking effect, and I hope Senate colleagues will stand with me in this fight to protect religious freedom for all.
Forcing a religious institution to make employment decisions that disregard their values and beliefs goes against the freedoms, liberties, and constitutional rights of our country.
South Mississippi Postal Facilities
I also supported an amendment during the Financial Services FY2016 Appropriations Bill markup that would prevent the closure of two South Mississippi postal facilities.
Since the decision to close our Gulfport and Hattiesburg processing facilities was first announced several years ago, I have been demanding a justification for these actions and fighting their closure.
The U.S. Postal Service is in desperate need of improvement; however, refusing to address its structural and management problems as jobs and businesses are ripped out from under our communities is not, and never will be an option.
Ill continue supporting efforts to protect and maintain our postal facilities on the Coast and in the Pine Belt, and I will work tirelessly to protect our jobs, our economy, and most importantly the good hard-working people of South Mississippi.
As always, if we can be of any assistance please call or visit my office. For more updates I encourage you to connect with me on
facebook ,
t witter , or by visiting my
website .
I'm also now on
instagram
and invite you to follow my updates and posts from there as well!
In your service,
Steven M. Palazzo
NOTE: Please DO NOT respond to this email as this inbox is unattended. To contact my office please
click here
UNSUBSCRIBE
|
PRIVACY POLICY
|
CONTACT US
Click Here Click Here