
If
you are having trouble viewing this message or would like to share it
on a social network, you can
view the message online .
Home
|
About
|
How Can I Help?
|
Media
|
Issues
|
The 6th District
Dear Friends:
The Aurora VA hospital, which
readers of this newsletter are well aware has long been a major problem,
is now looking at even more trouble due
to the intransigence of the VA.
After the Army Corps of
Engineers came on the project a few months ago, at my
insistence, it determined that the VAs plans actually
cost about three times the original budgeted amount. Once that was
announced, I fully expected the VA would find ways to bring
down the cost from the newly-estimated $1.73 billion but to date
it has not done so.
In fact, the VA was asked at
numerous Congressional hearings to identify ways to bring the cost
down and warned that doing so was essential to the project moving
forward.
Unfortunately, the VA has so far
refused to cut a penny from the project, and its refusal
has now put future funding to complete the hospital at
risk.
Not only that, but the VAs solution is a proposal
to pay for the nearly billion dollars in cost overruns by delaying
other veterans projects around the country. My colleagues in Congress
have made it clear, repeatedly,
that diverting funds meant for their states veterans to pay for the VAs
mismanagement of the hospital in Aurora is a
non-starter.
This is unfortunately not the first time the VA
has kept its head lodged firmly in the
sand.
It
took the VA over two years to even acknowledge that the
Aurora VA hospital was over budget, despite my efforts since 2013 to
make its leadership realize how out-of-control the hospital
construction project had become. The VA only admitted it even had a
problem after the general contractor forced the VA into litigation
where it was dealt a stinging rebuke and lost on all of the contractors
claims.
Now the VA is refusing to acknowledge what
Congress has been telling it for
months.
The entire Colorado delegation has been urging the VA to adapt to the
realities it has created. With the project expected to run
out of funds at the end of the month, I urge the VA to wake up and get
Congress a plan, and fast. This time the plan needs to lower the
cost of the completing the project and find ways to pay for the
remaining cost overruns through reforms that lead to cost savings within
the VA instead of shortchanging veterans in other
states.
It remains my top priority to make sure that this hospital is
completed to serve those who have served us but I cant do this alone and the
VA has to do its part.
Sincerely,
Mike Coffman
U.S.
Representative
If you would like to sign up to receive regular email updates
from Mike, please visit
this
link
$ 18,159,291,565,432
Share on Facebook
Share on
Twitter
Share on
LinkedIn
Whistleblower: VA Improperly Spent $6
Billion
By: Melissa Blasius
9 News
Published May 14,
2015
VA officials came up short on answers at a congressional
hearing probing improper use of federal charge
cards.
The
hearing Thursday was based on a whistleblower's letter which said the
Department of Veterans Affairs illegally spent up to $6 billion a year
using purchase cards without proper contracts. The practice had been
going on for years.
The improper charge card spending
allegations include exceeding authorized purchase limits, inadequate
financial controls prohibiting duplicative or split payments, and inadequate
recording or reporting of financial
information.
"By
using the card, the purchasers simply ignore that process they are able
to liquidate the unauthorized commitment," said whistleblower Jan Frye,
VA Deputy Assistant Secretary for Acquisition and Logistics. "No
pain, no stain. Nobody ever knows."
Frye says VA employees
were using the charge cards, known as purchase cards, to buy
pharmaceuticals or medical devices such as prosthetics without written
contracts, and Frye said the card usage opened the process up to fraud, waste
and abuse.
Edward Murray, the VA's Acting Assistant
Secretary for Management, said he was made aware of the allegations just
hours before the hearing at the House Veterans Affairs Subcommittee on
Oversight and Investigations.
When asked whether the
purchase card practices were right or wrong, Murray said, "A lot of
different parts of the organization have looked at this issue, and there are
different views on this issue."
"You are doing
absolutely nothing to make a difference on this issue, and I am very
disappointed in your testimony today,"
subcommittee
chairman
Mike Coffman , R-CO, told
Murray.
Free for
Kids
Starting March 25, general admission
to the
Denver
Art Museum
is
FREE
to all youth 18 and under
every day .
100 W 14th Ave Pkwy, Denver, CO
80204
VA Official: McDonald Silent After
Warning of Billions Misspent
By: Travis Tritten
Stars and
Stripes
Published
May 14, 2015
The head of procurement at the Department
of Veterans Affairs said Thursday that Secretary Bob McDonald never
contacted him after a warning in March that the agency is misspending
billions of dollars each year.
Jan Frye, deputy assistant
secretary for acquisition and logistics, detailed to House lawmakers
how he blew the whistle on the agencys questionable credit card
purchases and how VA officials testifying along with him planned in advance
to hide the wrongdoing.
The VA was hit with its newest
scandal just before the hearing Thursday when a March letter written by
Frye to McDonald was made public. It unveiled that at least $5 billion
and as much as $10 billion each year in employee credit card
purchases were made without contracts and in violate of federal procurement
rules.
I have not had any response from the secretarys
office, Frye testified to a Veterans Affairs subcommittee. He said an
assistant to McDonald and Deputy Secretary Sloan Gibson confirmed both
had received the letter.
Frye also told members of a
House Armed Services subcommittee that VA leadership, including its
chief financial officer and its chief procurement officer for the
departments health care system, were testifying Thursday in hopes of
obscuring the purchase practices.
We hope you wont ask us any
questions that will force us to tell you about the important pieces
weve premeditatedly left out, he testified. If you happen to ask us
about what weve failed to tell you, we hope we can answer your
questions in such a way as to quickly extinguish potential follow-on
questions. In short, obfuscation is our game.
About 23,000 VA
employees have credit cards designed to streamline smaller purchases,
but the cards were also used to buy health care and medical devices
such as prosthetics without required contracts, which opens the agency up
to overpayments, defective products and fraud, according to
Frye.
Frye said he wrote to McDonald in March after years of
pressing the agency to clean up purchases. The secretary was confirmed by
Congress last summer to revive the VA from its biggest scandal
the
manipulation of patient wait times at veterans hospitals across the
country
and has often spoke publicly about the value of
whistleblowers.
Edward Murray, acting VA assistant secretary for
management and the interim CFO, testified to the House subcommittee that he
had never seen Fryes letter to McDonald before
Thursday.
I just found out about this letter this morning, he
testified.
Some of Fryes claims had recently been discussed by a
working group within the VA, Murray said.
He agreed that the
VA needs to do more and said that McDonald is also working to change
the culture in the agency, which is one of the federal governments
largest bureaucracies.
I believe I am working with him,
and me and my staff are working our very utmost to make the staff more
accountable and transparent, Murray
said.
He said the
agency has made tremendous strides in fixing its long-troubled
purchase card program, including a list of improvements after a scathing
audit by the VA inspector general last year that found 15,600 potentially
unauthorized card purchases worth $85.6
million.
The
testimony raised the ire of some
lawmakers.
I guess Im
dumbfounded, said Rep. Tim Huelskamp, R-Kan. Youre here to speak for
the VA
and youve never seen the allegations in Fryes
letter.
Rep. Mike Coffman , R-Colo., chairman of
the House subcommittee, said the VA attempted to block Frye from
testifying in yet another attempt to avoid responding in a fully open and
candid manner but relented at the last
moment.
Coffman
said the agency wanted to only send Murray, who has
been in his position for about two months and does not have a full grasp
of the long-term purchase card
problems.
The VA purchase
card program has been troubled by a lack of oversight since the
1990s, according to various audits, but the claims by Frye would be a
massive increase in misuse over the past five years, a period when agency
purchases more than doubled.
I hope VA is embarrassed
and ashamed about the way they treat people who try to bring problems
forward, said Rep. Jeff Miller, R-Fla., chairman of the full Veterans
Affairs Committee. I am tired of hearing the same thing over and over
and over again. Nothing is changing regardless of what leadership is
telling this committee.
Washington Office
2443
Rayburn HOB
Washington, D.C.
20515
Phone: (202)
225-7882
Fax: (202) 226-4623
District Office
Cherry Creek Place IV
3300 S. Parker Road, Suite
#305
Aurora, CO 80014
Phone: (720) 748-7514
Fax: (720) 748-7680
Unsubscribe
|
Update My Profile
|
Privacy Policy
gateway
mail end 