DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.0 Transitional//EN" "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml1/DTD/xhtml1-transitional.dtd"
District Update | May 15, 2015
Click here
if you have trouble viewing this email
Dear Friends,
This week, the House of Representatives took bipartisan action to reverse a proposed rule from the EPA that would unilaterally expand the federal governments authority over waters in a way never before considered. This overreach by the federal government has serious consequences for Californias agriculture and tourism industries, threatens local jobs, invites costly litigation, and significantly restricts the ability of landowners to make decisions about their own property.
Known as the WOTUS or Waters of the United States rule, the EPAs proposal would allow waters traditionally off-limits to federal regulation to be subjected to the jurisdiction of the EPA. For decades, the term Waters of the United States has been applied to mean navigable waters upon which boats or ships could operate. The Administrations proposed WOTUS rule would instead give federal bureaucrats unprecedented powers to regulate virtually any place that water flows or accumulates. It would allow federal regulation of a host of Californian land features, including minor wetlands and typically dry streambeds that only occasionally carry storm water.
The EPA is attempting to implement this proposed rule without the input of farmers, landowners, and business owners, many of whom from Californias 39th Congressional District have directly raised their concerns with me. This proposed mandate would make it harder for Californians to build or expand their businesses, farm operations, or manufacturing activitiespotentially on their own land.
Thats why I voted for the Regulatory Integrity Protection Act ( H.R. 1732 ), which gives the EPA 30 days to withdraw the current flawed rule and tasks the agency with developing a new proposed rule. This bill upholds the integrity of the federal-state partnership to regulate the nations waters by preserving existing rights, and requires EPA and other agencies to perform real outreach and collaboration with those affected by the rule.
The Houses efforts received a bipartisan vote of approval, and I was joined in voting yes by Members of Californias Congressional delegation from both parties. By fixing a flawed process and working with state and local governments and stakeholders, the EPA might find the clarity they seek and do so without disrupting our local economy, trampling on existing property rights, and significantly increasing costs for Californias small businesses.
Sincerely,
Ed Royce
News for May 8 - May 15, 2015
Rep. Royce Announces CA-39 Congressional Art Competition Winner
Rep. Royce received nearly 100 Congressional Art Competition entries this year from talented high school students all across California's 39th Congressional District. At an exhibition of all of the contest entries, Rep. Royce announced that first place was awarded to Hailey Shi of Diamond Bar High School for her work " Flying With Hope ." Hailey's artwork will be displayed in the U.S. Capitol this summer and she is invited to visit Washington for a reception honoring winning artists from around the country.
Michelle Guo of Troy High School received second place for her work The Places Well Go, and Andres Gonzalez of Los Altos High School was recognized with third place for his piece "Boyhood."
Rep. Royce also
posted photographs of each submission
on his Congressional Facebook page and asked his fans to choose their favorite submission for the "Fan Favorite" award, which was received by Connie Mach of Diamond Bar High School for her piece "Track."
Rep. Royce Introduces Legislation to Cap Exec Salaries at Freddie Mac, Fannie Mae
At a time when American families are still struggling to find their footing financially, the Obama Administration has quietly
directed Freddie Mac and Fannie Mae to submit new proposed executive salaries
that could result in CEO compensation as high as $7.26 million a year at the government-backed mortgage companies. Last week, Rep. Royce
introduced legislation to cap executive pay
at Fannie and Freddie and preempt raises in salaries.
Just this month, a stress test administered by the federal government showed the possibility of a future taxpayer bailout to the tune of $150 billion for both Fannie and Freddie. Rep. Royce voted against bailing out these monopolies in the past and has long been an advocate of winding them down before their model of public losses and private gains once again places taxpayers at risk.
Chairman Royce Convenes Hearing On ISIS's War Against Religious Minorities
Earlier this week, Rep. Royce, who is Chairman of the House Foreign Affairs Committee, convened a Committee hearing to examine the persecution of religious minorities in the Middle East at the hands of ISIS.
The hearing was entitled
Ancient Communities Under Attack: ISISs War on Religious Minorities .
Regarding the hearing, Chairman Royce said:
ISIS has unleashed a campaign of sickening violence, not only against Shia Muslims and fellow Sunnis who do not hold their radical beliefs, but against vulnerable religious and ethnic minorities in Iraq and Syria.
Many communities are under mortal threat in their ancestral homeland: Armenian, Assyrian, Chaldean, and Syriac Christians, as well as Kakai, Shabak, Turkmen, Yezidis, and others.
The mass execution of men, the enslavement of women and children, and the destruction of religious sites is part of the ISIS effort to exterminate these ancient communities.
At this hearing, the Committee will hear directly from those who have faced this threat and examine a positive path forward, including immediate humanitarian and security needs.
Watch Chairman Royces opening statement and hearing questions
here .
Chairman Royce Statement on Iran Nuclear Agreement Review Legislation
Rep. Royce, Chairman of the House Foreign Affairs Committee, issued the following statement after passage, by a vote of 400-25, of the bipartisan Iran Nuclear Agreement Review Act of 2015 this week:
We know that Irans rush to a nuclear weapon is a mortal threat to the U.S. and our allies.
In fact, the stakes couldnt be higher.
This bipartisan legislation is an important and responsible response to an Administration that otherwise would shut Congress out of the process of approving a final nuclear deal with Iran.
Once this legislation is signed, Congress will be in a much better position to judge any final agreement to ensure that the Obama Administration hasnt struck a bad deal.
In fact, our diplomacy will have a better shot because of this legislation.
Instead of Iranian negotiators knowing that they can wear-down the Administration, they now know that Congress has been added as an important back-stop.
When Secretary Kerry sits across from the Iranians, hell now have on his mind
Ive got to take this to Congress.
U.S. diplomats should now head to the negotiating table with a stronger hand, work for a credible deal, a verifiable deal, and then present it to Congress to be judged.
Thats only appropriate given the incredible consequences for the region, our allies, and for the national security of the United States.
Chairman Royce, along with Rep. Eliot Engel (D-NY), is the author of
H.R. 850 , the Nuclear Iran Prevention Act, which passed the House 400-20 in July 31, 2013.
CONNECT
Facebook
Youtube
ORANGE COUNTY OFFICE
210 W. Birch Street, Ste 201
Brea, CA 92821
T (714) 255-0101 l (909) 420-0010
LOS ANGELES COUNTY OFFICE
1380 S. Fullerton Road, Suite 205
Rowland Heights, CA 91748
T (626) 964-5123
WASHINGTON, DC OFFICE
2310 Rayburn House Office Building
Washington, DC 20515
T (202) 225-4111
UPDATE SUBSCRIPTION OPTIONS
|
PRIVACY POLICY
|
CONTACT US
Click Here Click Here