
If you are having trouble viewing this message or would like to
share it on a social network, you can
view the message online .
HOME
ABOUT ME
CONTACT ME
SERVING YOU
MEDIA CENTER
OUR
DISTRICT
RESOURCES
May 25, 2015
Honoring Those Who Sacrificed for Our Freedom
Today,
I was humbled and honored to be a part of two ceremonies remembering
and honoring the sacrifice of the men and women who have died in
service to our country.
I attended the
Korean Veterans Memorial Day Ceremony at the Korean War Memorial in
Overland Park and took part in the Vietnam Veterans 133rd Memorial Day
Observance at the Vietnam Memorial Fountain in Kansas City where I was
given an honorary life membership to the Vietnam Veterans of
America.
Patrick Ratterman of Kansas City Chapter #1 Veterans' of
Modern Warfare.
These events marked the celebration of Memorial Day,
which was first observed on May 30, 1868 for the purpose of decorating
the graves of the Civil War
dead.
More than a million American service members have given their lives in
the wars and conflicts this nation has fought since the first colonial
soldiers took up arms in 1775 to fight for
independence.
These brave men and women were
willing to go to the farthest corners of the world to promote the ideals of
liberty and freedom knowing full well the potential for bodily harm
or death.
Today, we paused to
honor those heroes and remember their achievements, their courage,
their dedication, and to say thank you for their
sacrifices.
Being recognized as a Lifetime Honorary Member of the Vietnam Veterans'
of America.
These men and
women came from all walks of life, sharing several fundamental
qualities. They each possessed courage, pride, determination, selflessness,
dedication to duty and integrity
all the qualities needed to serve a
cause larger than ones self.
As
an American, I am truly grateful for their sacrifice, as well as the
service of each of the veterans who attended today's
ceremonies.
Since the attacks of
September 11, 2001, a new generation of veterans has stepped forward, serving
with a dedication to duty that remains consistent with previous
generations of veterans who were willing to put themselves in harms way for
the greater good of all.
In
Kansas, we are extremely proud of the men and women in our military
that serve our country freedom and defend our liberty and freedom around
the globe.
Their willingness to pay the ultimate sacrifice for
their countrytheir true heroismis known firsthand only to a small
number, but is sadly far too
common.
Bob Gadd, a member
of Korean War Veterans' Association 1-181 in Overland
Park.
It breaks our hearts each and every
time we learn the news of a soldier who has lost his life so our
country can continue to live in freedom. But while we mourn their loss, we
also remember that these men were inspired by the legacy of those
veterans who served their country with great distinction. Their service
continues to ensure that our liberty remains intact.
Our message of thanks is one that
cannot be spoken strongly
enough.
Please join me today in thanking our nations veterans. Your service and
sacrifice has ensured the preservation of freedom and liberty we so
richly enjoy. Thank you.
Washington, DC
215
Cannon HOB
Washington, DC 20515
Phone: (202)
225-2865
Hours: Monday-Friday
9:00AM -6:00PM EST
Overland Park
7325 W. 79th St.
Overland Park,
KS 66204
Phone: (913) 621-0832
Fax: (913)
621-1533
Hours: Monday-Friday
8:00AM -5:00PM CST
Unsubscribe
|
Update
My Profile
|
Privacy Policy
