
SIGN YOUR NAME:
Tell Boehner to find a long-term solution for our infrastructure crisis &gt;&gt;
In Illinois and around the country, our nation&rsquo;s infrastructure is crumbling, putting drivers across our state at risk.
But sadly, Boehner refuses to find a comprehensive, long-term solution. This week, he kicked the can down the road again by allowing the Highway Trust Fund to be extended for only two months. Join Cheri and tell Boehner we need to find a long-term solution to our infrastructure crisis NOW:
Sign Your Name &gt;&gt;
David --
Years of wear and tear have left our nation&rsquo;s infrastructure crumbling and in desperately need of repair. Clearly, fixing our infrastructure should be a top priority in Congress. But instead, Boehner&rsquo;s relying on short-term, piecemeal patches as our roads continue to fall apart.
Just this week, he kicked the can down the road
again , allowing just a two month extension of the Highway Trust Fund, a major source of funding for state transportation projects.
Cheri understands how important solving our infrastructure crisis is for Illinois and the rest of the country. SIGN YOUR NAME:
Demand Boehner pass a long-term highway bill &gt;&gt;
Our roads keep us connected. It&rsquo;s how we get around our towns, how Illinois families enjoy a summer getaway, and how businesses ship goods and products.
That&rsquo;s why Cheri&rsquo;s calling on Boehner and House Republicans to find a long-term solution that ensures the longevity of our infrastructure for years to come. David, sign our petition and tell Boehner you want to see a long-term solution for our crumbling infrastructure NOW: http://act.cheribustos.com/stop-infrastructure-crisis
Thanks,
Team Bustos
Paid for by Friends of Cheri Bustos
This message was sent to: dj724530@gmail.com | Change or update your email address by
clicking here .
We believe that emails are a crucial way for our campaign to stay in touch with supporters like you. However, if you'd like to unsubscribe, please
click here . If you'd prefer to receive fewer emails, you can
click here .
Our campaign is powered by supporters like you. Your grassroots support is critical to helping Cheri fight back against right-wing attacks.
If you&rsquo;d still like to unsubscribe from our emails,
click here .
If you'd like to donate to our campaign, please
click here .
Thanks for having Cheri's back!
