
If you are having trouble viewing this e-Newsletter,
click here .
Dear David,
Just two months before the first ever Memorial Day was observed in 1865, President Lincoln concluded his celebrated Second Inaugural Address with a call for national reconciliation and healing: Let us strive on to finish the work we are in, to bind up the nations wounds, to care for him who shall have borne the battle and for his widow and his orphan, to do all which may achieve and cherish a just and lasting peace among ourselves and with all nations. It was a sentiment a traumatized nation needed to hear after a long war, and what those who had seen and fought it so deserved.
These days it seems hard to tell whether its peace time or war time. The so-called War on Terror, the post-9/11 wars taken together, is not only the longest war in American history, but also the one that has seemingly morphed into a perpetual war. Not five years after the last American troops left Iraq, we are again hearing calls to send them back. It is an admirable and quintessential American quality to see conflict in the world and desire to end it. But we cannot possibly contemplate starting the next war when we as a society still havent grappled with the consequences and the true costs of the last one.
This is not about candidates or elections. This is about understanding the burden our military has borne the past 14 years, and what we as Americans must acknowledge: we are all responsible for the wounds, psychological and physical, that our soldiers have endured. And beyond the scars they carry from the battlefield, at home they continue to face high rates of suicide, unemployment, homelessness, alcoholism, substance abuse and post-traumatic stress. It is our collective duty to receive our warriors home, to listen to their stories, and to help navigate their path to reconciliation and reintegration into our communities.
Our society is transfixed by nebulous and chilling threats we see emanating from the most troubled parts of the world. Yet we have not fully assessed the trauma we as a nation sustained after 14 years of conflict, least of all the trauma our servicemembers continue to battle. The further removed we become from the major combat operations of the past decade, the more the sacrifices our servicemen and women, and their families, threaten to fade from our memory. And it is that void that threatens their long-deserved transition to peace.
Im reminded of what Martin Luther King, Jr. said in his Nobel Peace Prize acceptance speech: We will not build a peaceful world by following a negative path. It is not enough to say, We must not wage war. It is necessary to love peace and sacrifice for it. We must concentrate not merely on the negative expulsion of war, but on the positive affirmation of peace. This Memorial Day, lets reflect on what this long war has cost us as a nation, and what perpetual war will cost our warriors and their families, who have selflessly borne the brunt of hardship these past many years.
We should not endeavor to seek a forever war, but as Americans, affirm our pursuit of a just and lasting peace.
Sincerely,
Congressman Jim McDermott
Unsubscribe
