
If you are having trouble viewing this message or would like to share
it on a social network, you can
view the message online .
About
Contact
Services
Media Center
Legislation
Issues
Resources
May 17, 2015
Friends,
One of Congress most important constitutional duties, and a
responsibility I take very seriously, is to provide for the common
defense.
These past few years alone have taught us we face barbaric
terrorists like ISIS and murderous regimes like Iran who seek to
destroy our country and our way of life. As tragedy unfolds across the
globe, its vital that we create and maintain a strong system for defense
both within our borders and abroad.
In order to be effective
on any battlefield, we must continue to provide the funding and tools
our men and women in uniform need to do their jobs as successfully as
possible.
With
this in mind, the House passed a conservative, responsible National
Defense Authorization Act of 2016 (NDAA), the key mechanism to provide
funding and authorities for our military.
The NDAA is a critical
component to supporting our troops with the tools they need in the most
cost-effective manner.
This years bill reflects my priority
to minimize the burden on the taxpayer while maintaining our ability
to take the fight to the enemy and win. It includes cost-saving
reforms to the Department of Defense, including reforming the military
acquisition process, to increase effectiveness and efficiency and get more
bang for our tax dollars. In addition, it provides our military
personnel and their families the benefits they have earned.
As the House considered the NDAA, much of
my attention was focused on maintaining operations at the 440th Airlift
Wing at Fort Bragg.
The 440th is absolutely critical to
conducting the type of training that Fort Braggs Airborne and Special
Operations Forces rely on to carry out their unique, high-risk missions
and keep our nation safe.
I was proud to co-sponsor an
amendment to the NDAA with my colleague, Rep. Renee Ellmers, to keep the 440th
operating.
We know closing the 440th would take the air out of the Airborne and
Special Forces ,
which is why we passed an amendment to prohibit funds from being used
to deactivate the 440th until the Secretary of Defense proves that
this movement will have no impact on our
readiness.
Shrinking Fort
Braggs footprint in any way is unacceptable, which is why fighting the
closure of this critical Airlift Wing has been a priority of
mine.
Another component of
providing for our security is guaranteeing peace and safety within our
borders.
At home, we are fortunate for the courage of 900,000
police officers
protecting our families, our homes and our
communities.
Every day, these law enforcement officers leave their
homes and courageously put themselves in harms way to keep us safe and
enforce our laws. Last week, during National Police Week, I was honored
to help pay tribute to those we have lost in the line of duty. I met
with the family of Sergeant Jeff Greene, a fallen Union County
Sheriff's Deputy. Law enforcement officers like Deputy Greene wear their
badges with honor and bravery to protect our community and make a positive
difference.
I was honored to help pay tribute to his memory,
honor his service and share my humble gratitude and
respect.
Rest assured, I will
work tirelessly to ensure that our men and women in uniform, both at
home and on the front lines, are treated with the dignity and respect
they deserve.
They swore an oath to defend our country and
protect our communities, and we must continue to show our gratitude to
them for their service. Our men and women in uniform represent the best
our nation has to offer, and I am proud to support them in
Congress.
Until next
week,
Richard Hudson
Member of Congress
(NC-08)
Concord Office
325 McGill Ave, NW
Suite
500
Concord, NC 28027
Phone: (704)
7861612
Rockingham Office
1015 Fayetteville Rd
Rockingham, NC
28379
Phone: (910) 9972070
Washington D.C.
Office
429 Cannon HOB
Washington, DC 20515
Phone: (202) 2253715
Unsubscribe
|
Update My Profile
|
Privacy Policy
