
Video of the Week
I spoke with
The Washington Times
about the prevalence of human trafficking in the United States and what my amendment, the Trafficking Awareness Training for Health Care Act, will do to assist victims. The anti-human trafficking legislation we passed in Congress, Justice for Victims of Trafficking Act, is on its way to the presidents desk to be signed into law. Watch my interview by
clicking here
or on the picture above.
Weekly
Update
One of the highlights of my week was attending a meeting of the Cape Fear Chapter of the Military Officers Association of America (MOAA). The Cape Fear Chapter is the oldest in North Carolina and they have been fostering fraternal relations among and protecting the rights and interests of retired, active, and former officers of the uniformed services since 1961. We discussed my most recent efforts to fight for the 440th Airlift Wing,
including an amendment adopted into the recently passed National Defense Authorization Act . I was humbled to be named an honorary member of their Chapter, and I pledge my continued allegiance to the Cape Fear Chapter of the MOAA and its affiliates. Be sure to read
this article
to learn more about my time at this event.
Also this week, I discussed my recently-introduced legislation called Health Insurance Freedom Act, which is patient-centered policy prioritizing greater choice and flexibility in healthcare coverage for North Carolinians. My legislation allows for patients to choose the services they want included in their health insurance plans, in turn, lowering costs and permitting autonomy in lieu of red tape. As a nurse and congresswoman, I consider it my responsibility to make health insurance beneficial and accessible to each and every patient and eliminate the burdens and potholes of Obamacare.
The constituents of North Carolinas Second District excel in a variety of fields, and this week Id like to recognize three ambitious young citizens in particular. Congratulations to Emily Garcia, Rohan Sachdev, Andrew Bowen and Ashrita Vadlapatla for advancing to the semifinals of the National Spelling Bee! I would also like to congratulate Carl Colglazier for winning C-SPANs annual student video documentary competition, StudentCam, with his entry, The Peoples House.
Im so proud and honored to represent such intelligent and creative constituents.
Cape Fear Chapter's Military Association of America
As always, it was wonderful speaking to the Cape Fear Chapter of the Military Officers Association of America. I had an opportunity to discuss legislative issues affecting our military and veterans, including the 440th Airlift Wing, passage of the National Defense Authorization Act, and the Military Construction and Veterans Affairs Appropriations Bill. Each of these prioritizes funding to support our armed forces and adjust many problems still plaguing VA Hospitals.
It was an honor to stand before so many military officers and veterans who have made our nation's safety and security one of their utmost priorities. During the end of our luncheon, I was presented with an honorary membership into the Cape Fear Chapter.
In addition to the inductee award, I received a brand new white MOAA hat that I look forward to sporting around the Second District this summer.
Congratulations to these 2nd District Constituents!
It takes a tremendous level of work and commitment by both students and parents, but I want to congratulate a few students from the Second District who advanced to the semifinals in the National Spelling Bee Contest. Way to go to Andrew, Emily, Rohan, and Ashrita on this impressive accomplishment.
So proud of another Second District constituent, Carl Colgazier, for his winning entry in C-SPAN's annual student video documentary competition, StudentCam. Carl is in 12th grade and his winning video is called "The People's House." It was a privilege to be interviewed by this smart, young man and I am honored to be included in his documentary. Well done, Carl!
Click here , or on the photo above, to view Carl's winning documentary. In honor of this event, C-SPAN's 45-foot customized bus visited The Cary Theater on Friday to honor this winner.
WEBSITE
|
UNSUBSCRIBE
|
CONTACT
Click Here Click Here