
Dear Friends,
Too often our criminal justice system is a final destination for people who are held back by poverty and discrimination. The United States has the largest documented prison population in the world. We must find ways to restore the lives of individuals, their families, and their communities. We can&rsquo;t afford to waste lives &ndash; especially if they can be productive, if only they are given a chance.
Nationwide, there are efforts to &ldquo;ban the box&rdquo; and overcome the employment barrier of requiring applicants to check a box if they have been arrested or convicted of a crime. Our own Oregon state legislature just passed a &ldquo;ban the box&rdquo; measure and efforts are being pursued by the Portland City Council. In addition, seventeen states and over 100 cities and counties, including the District of Columbia, have adopted fair chance hiring policies. Companies including Walmart, Koch Industries, Target, Home Depot, and Bed, Bath &amp; Beyond have also embraced &ldquo;ban the box&rdquo; policies to fairly assess job applicants.
These initiatives seek to remove questions about an individual&rsquo;s conviction history on job applications. They also typically delay a background check until later in the hiring process, allowing for applicants to initially be evaluated solely on their qualifications.
This is an important movement across our country: more than 70 million people in the United States have been arrested or have conviction records, and 9 out of 10 employers complete criminal background checks for employment. Requiring applicants to check a box indicating they have been arrested or convicted of a crime cuts the likelihood of a call back for an entry-level position by 50 percent. Not only does this keep Americans from obtaining jobs, it also increases the chances of re-offending and unfairly targets minority communities.
I welcome local and state efforts to address this critical issue &ndash; especially here in Oregon &ndash; but something must be done at the federal level. The federal government should lead by example in giving ex-offenders a fair chance at obtaining a job. That&rsquo;s why I am working with Senator Cory Booker (D-NJ), Senator Sherrod Brown (D-OH), and Representative Elijah Cummings (D-MD) to draft legislation that will &ldquo;ban the box&rdquo; on federal job applications including those for federal contractors.
This isn&rsquo;t about letting anyone off the hook. We need to hold people accountable for their actions. If an ex-offender, however, has served their sentence and wants a new start in life, we should give them a fair chance to make a positive contribution to their community &ndash; instead of increasing the chances of re-offending and going back into the prison pipeline.
Sincerely,
Earl Blumenauer
Member of Congress
Please do not respond to this email.
Click here to contact me .
District Office
&bull; 911 N.E. 11th Avenue
&bull; Suite 200 &bull; Portland, OR 97232 &bull; Phone: (503) 231-2300
Washington D.C. Office
&bull; 1111 Longworth Building &bull; Washington, DC 20515 &bull; Phone: (202) 225-4811
Unsubscribe
