
Friday, May 22, 2015
WEBSITE
|
FORWARD TO A FRIEND
| SHARE ON:
Foxx Report
This week the House approved several pieces of legislation that would increase accountability at the Department of Veterans Affairs. Americas veterans deserve better than the inexcusable mismanagement that weve seen over the last few years, and it is critically important that we provide high-quality, timely care for those who have sacrificed so much in service to our country. The legislation would also increase access to education programs for veterans and encourages small businesses to hire them.
The entire nation owes our military personnel and veterans a huge debt of gratitude, and ensuring that debt is properly repaid is one of my top priorities in Congress. That is why I am hosting a
veterans information session
that will feature a number of veterans service organizations on Friday, June 19, in Clemmons. It is always an honor to assist veterans from the 5th District, and I want to make sure those in our community know about the benefits they qualify for and have an opportunity to provide feedback on the issues they face.
Stop Human Trafficking
On Tuesday the House passed S. 178, the Justice for Victims of Trafficking Act, which includes many of the bipartisan measures that were passed by the House earlier this year to fight the growing problem of human trafficking in the United States.
Human trafficking is modern day slavery that preys on vulnerable individuals, and this epidemic is not isolated to far-off places on the other side of the world. It is happening every day in the places we call home. This legislation will provide necessary support and services to the victims of trafficking crimes as well as boost resources for law enforcement.
Unleashing American Ingenuity
For over 30 years, companies large and small have taken advantage of the research and development tax credit to foster innovation and keep America competitive. However, the uncertainty surrounding the credits annual extension has ultimately restricted the amount of research and development that companies undertake.
This week the House passed legislation to simplify the R&amp;D tax credit and make it permanent. This would give businesses the certainty they need to make long-term investment decisions and keep North Carolina employers competitive in the global marketplace.
Promoting Scientific Research and Innovation
The House passed two bills this week that promote scientific research and innovation. H.R. 1806, the America COMPETES Reauthorization Act of 2015, would reauthorize a number of federal scientific research programs and ensure that taxpayer funds are targeted at basic research, not the Obama administrations massive and unjustified climate change and green energy programs.
H.R. 2262, the Spurring Private Aerospace Competitiveness and Entrepreneurship Act of 2015, would encourage growth in the developing commercial space industry by promoting private sector investment, creating more stable and predictable regulatory conditions and improving safety.
Telephone Town Hall
Dont forget to sign-up for the
telephone town hall
meeting on June 9th. You can register at
http://vekeo.buzz/i13 . Telephone town halls are one of the opportunities where the people I represent can share directly with me their concerns and ideas.
Whats Coming Up
Next week the House will hold a district work week. As we observe Memorial Day, I urge you to join me in taking time to pause, reflect and honor the sacrifices of those who have given their lives in the pursuit of a more prosperous and free America.
Sincerely,
NOTE: Please DO NOT respond to this email as this inbox is unattended. To contact my office please
click here
SIGN UP TO RECEIVE REGULAR UPDATES
|
PRIVACY POLICY
|
CONTACT US
Click Here Click Here