
Dear Friend,
Thank you for signing up to receive my email newsletter. These
newsletters will cover a variety of topics, including events happening
in Indiana, legislation being considered in Congress, and my
perspective on current issues. My hope is to keep you updated and
informed on how issues in Washington may impact Hoosiers. I welcome
your feedback.
Thanks for reading,
Dan Coats
_____
Develop Strategy to Defeat ISIS
A year ago, a terrorist organization called the "Islamic State"
proclaimed itself to be a "Worldwide Caliphate" with control of
territory in Syria and Iraq. The Islamic State of Iraq and Syria (ISIS)
quickly became the largest, best organized, best financed and most
ambitious terrorist organization in history.
ISIS has used sophisticated and successful internet and media outreach
tools to attract tens of thousands of radical Islamists to join its
fight in Syria, Iraq and beyond. In Iraq, ISIS has captured and
controls major population centers in Iraq, including Mosul, Fallujah
and Ramadi. They have expanded the territory ISIS controls in Syria,
threatening to dominate any successor state that emerges from the
Syrian civil war. ISIS also has expanded its influence and secured
allegiance from cooperating terrorist organizations in Yemen, Libya,
Nigeria, Niger, Chad and Cameroon.
Despite these realities, President Obama compared ISIS to a JV squad in
2014. Following the terrorist group's dramatic expansion, President
Obama acknowledged the threat posed by ISIS but said that "we don't
have a strategy yet" to confront this group. And just last week,
President Obama admitted to the nation, and to the world, that he still
does not have "a complete strategy" to deal with ISIS. Instead, he
blamed the Pentagon and the Iraqis for not finalizing a plan.
ISIS has been widely acknowledged as a major threat to America's
national security for over a year, and the administration's lack of a
strategy is unacceptable. We must insist that President Obama
immediately produce a complete, detailed and realistic plan to
confront, degrade and defeat ISIS. This plan must include realistic,
well-substantiated estimates of timeframes, resources required,
expected allies and anticipated obstacles. The plan must include clear
definitions of milestones and metrics of success. And most importantly,
the plan must include clear accountability.
Click here
or on the image above to watch my
speech on the Senate floor.
_____
Waste of the Week: Overpayments of Social Security Benefits
This week I delivered my fourteenth Waste of the Week speech and
highlighted how the federal government can save $8.7 billion by
encouraging the Social Security Administration (SSA) to cross-reference
beneficiaries with existing government databases to eliminate improper
payments of Social Security benefits.
A recent report by the Office of the Inspector General at the SSA
examined a random sample of more than 1,500 beneficiaries who received
Social Security disability benefits over a period of ten years. This
study found that 44.5 percent of these beneficiaries received an
overpayment.
As a result, the SSA Inspector General estimates that approximately
four million Social Security beneficiaries improperly received a total
of $16.8 billion between October 2003 and February 2014. To date, the
SSA has recovered only $8.1 billion of these improper payments.
The good news is that the Social Security Administration recovered
about half of these improper payments. The bad news is that billions of
taxpayer dollars erroneously went out of the federal government's
coffers, including to deceased and incarcerated individuals. We need to
better cross-reference these beneficiaries with other government lists
to ensure payments only go to those who qualify. Information sharing
can save billions, and the goal should be 100% accuracy.
Click here
or on the image above to watch this
week's Waste of the Week speech.
Coats in the News
Obama Administration Excluded Iran from Threat Assessment
Federal Loan Reform Necessary To Protect Lenders Of All Sizes
Senate Waste Watchers Soldier On
A Look at "The Waste of the Week"
Coats Chats with Elkhart Truth Radio
_____
Stay Connected
_____
Coats with Hoosiers
I had a great conversation with Hoosiers representing Autism Speaks
about legislation affecting the autism community.
_____
To unsubscribe please
Click Here
Contact Me
Latest News
A message
from Senator Dan Coats
Dear
Friend,
Thank you for signing up to receive my email
newsletter. These newsletters will cover a variety of topics,
including
events happening in Indiana, legislation being
considered
in Congress, and my perspective on current issues.
My
hope is to keep you updated and informed on how issues in Washington may impact Hoosiers. I welcome your
feedback.
Thanks for reading,
Dan Coats
Develop Strategy to Defeat
ISIS
A year ago, a terrorist organization called the &#8220;Islamic State&#8221; proclaimed itself to
be a &#8220;Worldwide Caliphate&#8221; with control of territory in Syria and Iraq. The Islamic State
of Iraq and Syria (ISIS) quickly became the largest, best organized, best financed and most ambitious
terrorist organization in history.
ISIS has used sophisticated and successful internet and media outreach tools to attract tens of thousands
of radical Islamists to join its fight in Syria, Iraq and beyond. In Iraq, ISIS has captured and controls
major population centers in Iraq, including Mosul, Fallujah and Ramadi. They have expanded the territory
ISIS controls in Syria, threatening to dominate any successor state that emerges from the Syrian
civil war. ISIS also has expanded its influence and secured allegiance from cooperating terrorist organizations
in Yemen, Libya, Nigeria, Niger, Chad and Cameroon.
Despite these realities, President Obama compared ISIS to a JV squad in 2014. Following the terrorist
group&#8217;s dramatic expansion, President Obama acknowledged the threat posed by ISIS but said that
&#8220;we don&#8217;t have a strategy yet&#8221; to confront this group. And just last week, President
Obama admitted to the nation, and to the world, that he still does not have &#8220;a complete strategy&#8221;
to deal with ISIS. Instead, he blamed the Pentagon and the Iraqis for not finalizing a plan.
ISIS has been widely acknowledged as a major threat to America&#8217;s national security for over
a year, and the administration&#8217;s lack of a strategy is unacceptable. We must insist that President
Obama immediately produce a complete, detailed and realistic plan to confront, degrade and defeat ISIS.
This plan must include realistic, well-substantiated estimates of timeframes, resources required, expected
allies and anticipated obstacles. The plan must include clear definitions of milestones and metrics of
success. And most importantly, the plan must include clear accountability.
Click
here
or on the image above to watch my speech on the Senate floor.
Waste
of the Week: Overpayments of Social Security Benefits
This week I delivered my fourteenth Waste of the Week speech and highlighted how the federal government
can save $8.7 billion by encouraging the Social Security Administration (SSA) to cross-reference beneficiaries
with existing government databases to eliminate improper payments of Social Security benefits.
A recent report by the Office of the Inspector General at the SSA examined a random sample of more
than 1,500 beneficiaries who received Social Security disability benefits over a period of ten years.
This study found that 44.5 percent of these beneficiaries received an overpayment.
As a result, the SSA Inspector General estimates that approximately four million Social Security
beneficiaries improperly received a total of $16.8 billion between October 2003 and February 2014. To
date, the SSA has recovered only $8.1 billion of these improper payments.
The good news is that the Social Security Administration recovered about half of these improper payments.
The bad news is that billions of taxpayer dollars erroneously went out of the federal government&#8217;s
coffers, including to deceased and incarcerated individuals. We need to better cross-reference these
beneficiaries with other government lists to ensure payments only go to those who qualify. Information
sharing can save billions, and the goal should be 100% accuracy.
Click
here
or on the image above to watch this week&#8217;s Waste of the Week speech.
Coats
in the News
Obama
Administration Excluded Iran from Threat Assessment
Federal
Loan Reform Necessary To Protect Lenders Of All Sizes
Senate
Waste Watchers Soldier On
A
Look at "The Waste of the Week"
Coats
Chats with Elkhart Truth Radio
Stay
Connected
Coats with Hoosiers
I
had a great conversation with Hoosiers representing Autism Speaks about legislation affecting the
autism community.
To
unsubscribe please
Click
Here
Contact
Me Latest
News
