
Rick's Weekly Report
To Sign up click
here
Friend,
Last week, the Obama Administration announced it is moving forward with yet another power grab by finalizing the EPA's "Waters of the United States" rule.
These new regulations would drastically expand the federal government's authority over state and local waters, undermining the rights of landowners and creating more bureaucratic red tape that hurts economic growth and jobs.
The House recently passed legislation I cosponsored that would stop the rule from taking effect.
Our bill also requires the Administration to develop a new proposal in consultation with states, local officials and stakeholders, which should have been done from the start. I am hopeful the Senate will act quickly to consider this important legislation.
You can read more in The Augusta Chronicle here.
As a member of the House Agriculture Committee, one of my top priorities is providing more certainty for our farmers and the agriculture industry. That's why this week I introduced the BARN Act.
This is bipartisan legislation that reduces bureaucracy and cuts red tape preventing farmers from hiring workers they need for their operations.
Learn more about the BARN Act
here .
Our nation is blessed to have brave men and women who step forward and answer the call to serve around the world.
I recently had the opportunity to visit with members of our troops serving overseas in Northern Europe during a congressional delegation tour.
It was an honor to shake the hands of our service members and thank them for their selfless dedication to our country.
Click here to see photos on my Facebook page .
Congressman Allen visits with American troops in Northern Europe.
As we fight to get our country back on track, I hope you'll continue to contact me about issues important to you. You can
call my office ,
send an email through my website , and stay connected on
Facebook ,
Twitter , and
Instagram .
Sincerely,
Rick Allen
Member of Congress
WEBSITE
|
UNSUBSCRIBE
|
CONTACT
Click Here Click Here