
If
you are having trouble viewing this message or would like to share it
on a social network, you can
view the message online .
HOME
NEWS
SERVICES
LEGISLATION
CONTACT
June 08, 2015
The Rescue
Act
Last week, I introduced H.R. 2650,
the RESCUE (Restoring Equity, Saving Coverage, and Undoing Errors)
Act of 2015
legislation to protect and empower citizens who may be
adversely impacted if the Supreme Court rules in favor of the plaintiff
in King v. Burwell.
It is important that
Congress have a solution ready to go if and when the Supreme Court
rules that the exchange subsidies under Obamacare
are unconstitutional. States ought to have the freedom and flexibility to ensure their
citizens have access to the highest quality health care possible.
Individuals and families ought to have the financial wherewithal to
purchase the type of coverage they want for
themselves.
That is why I have introduced the RESCUE Act
a measure
that would establish age-adjusted tax credits and make common sense
improvements to the health insurance market in order to expand access
to affordable choices. States would have the authority to
regulate insurance by eliminating Obamacares onerous regulations that are
distorting the market and driving up costs.
CLICK HERE for link to the bill text.
CLICK HERE for link to bill summary.
Budget Committee Holds
Oversight Hearing
This past
Wednesday , the House
Budget Committee held an oversight hearing with the Congressional Budget
Office (CBO). Testifying at that hearing was CBO Director Keith
Hall.
In his comments, Hall described
our economy as, "frustratingly slow," while also recognizing
that, economic growth is extremely important and will solve alot of the
budget issues we face," but that, "if we do things that slow job
growth during bad times, it delays recovery in the labor
market.
Congress ought to have a better and
broader understanding of how the polices we put forward will affect our
budget, our economy, important programs like Medicare and Medicaid, our
national security and other critical areas of interest and concern.
This hearing allowed the Budget Committee to hear firsthand from the very
agency that assists Congress in that effort
the Congressional
Budget Office.
CLICK HERE to read my opening
statement from the hearing.
Standing with
Israel
In a recent interview, President Obama
raised the possibility of the U.S. allowing a vote at the United Nations
on an official recognition of Palestinian statehood. Giving the U.N.
even the opportunity to legitimize Palestinian statehood is a foolish
and destructive suggestion. This President continues to undermine the
US-Israeli partnership when we ought to be strengthening our
relationship with our Israeli allies.
Share on Twitter Share on
Facebook
Please
Feel Free to Tell a Friend E-mail:
E-mail: E-mail:
Washington DC Office
100 Cannon House Office Building
Washington DC 20515
Phone: 202-225-4501
Fax:
202-225-4656
District Office:
85-C Mill Street, Suite 300
Roswell, GA 30075
Phone:
770-998-0049
Fax: 770-998-0050
Internet:
Web:
http://tomprice.house.gov
E-mail:
E-mail Tom by clicking here
Unsubscribe
|
Update My Profile
|
Privacy
Policy
