
June 12, 2015
Why I Voted for TPA
Dear Neighbor:
I have always supported free trade, but I have been extra cautious about supporting the Trade Promotion Authority (TPA) bill because Barack Obama is the most untrustworthy President in American history. The President has repeatedly shown he will ignore the law, public opinion, court orders, the Congress or anything else that gets in the way of his radical, left wing agenda.
With this in mind, I carefully read
the text of the TPA bill
and the confidential text of the Trans Pacific Partnership Agreement (TPP). Todays vote on TPA was
NOT
a vote for a specific trade deal. It was
NOT
a vote for TPP. Todays vote was about setting the ground rules for how President Obama is allowed to negotiate trade deals and making sure we are watching his every move.
Everything I read, both public and confidential information,
guarantee the supremacy of U.S. law
and
guarantee that only the U.S. Congress can change U.S. law . There are no changes to immigration law or climate change law in this bill. Texas Senator Ted Cruz, among others who support TPA, insisted on additional protections for U.S. immigration law in
Section 108 of the TPA bill
and
Section 912 of a related trade bill .
We will never surrender our sovereignty, nor will we surrender control of our immigration or other laws by agreeing to this very standard free trade agreement.
TPA also has
three extra veto mechanisms
for Congress to stop President Obama, if needed. It
requires massive consultation with Congress
and
full public disclosure of all future trade deal language
far in advance of any vote in Congress.
If the President ignores the will of the people, the bill gives the House and Senate strong tools to cut off his authority and vote down his trade deal.
This is even stronger than the free trade agreement authority Congress gave President George W. Bush because the bill guarantees only Congress can change U.S. law.
When we remove barriers to American goods and open up foreign markets, Texas, and Houston in particular will flourish. Texans will out-think, out-work and out-compete anyone, anywhere, anytime. The bill ensures that Houston will continue to create new jobs, while ensuring President Obama and the next Administration have no choice but to follow the law and abide by the U.S. Constitution.
You hired me to read bills, separate fact from fiction, and use my best judgment and my core values as a free market Constitutional conservative. I do not trust President Obama at all, which is why I read everything so carefully. I will always do everything in my power to stop President Obama from dismantling the America we know and love and do what is best for the people of the 7 th
District.
It is an honor and a privilege to represent you and Texas in the Unites States Congress.
Sincerely,
John Culberson
Tell a Friend
Forward this email
to a friend.
E-mail Updates
Yes, please periodically
send me e-mail updates.
Multimedia
To view the latest video of Congressman Culberson,
click here .
NOTE: Please DO NOT respond to this email as this inbox is unattended. To contact my office please
click here
UNSUBSCRIBE
|
PRIVACY POLICY
|
CONTACT US
Click Here Click Here