
If you are having trouble
viewing this message or would like to share it on a social network,
you can
view the message
online .
Tweet of the Week
|
Videos of the
Week
|
Statements &amp;
Speeches
Tweet of
the Week
Video of the
Week
On CBS4, Ros-Lehtinen Says She Was
Honored To Dedicate A Post Office For A Fallen Marine From South
Florida
On WSVN, Ros-Lehtinen Speaks About
The Dangers Posed By The Administration's Negotiations With The Castro
Brothers
Princeton Post Office Dedicated To Fallen Local
Marine
The recognition was sparked by Congresswoman
Ileana Ros-Lehtinen who during the 113th Congress
passed a
resolution assuring Guzman Rivera would be honored in this fashion.
I am proud to participate in the deserved dedication of a post
office for our local hero, Christian A. Guzman Rivera, who made the
ultimate sacrifice for us all,
said Ros-Lehtinen in a statement.
Christians selfless devotion to our country shows the commitment that
he had to ensuring we live in freedom and we will forever be indebted
to him for his heroism.
( South Dade
News Leader )
The Cuban Regime Should Not Have Been Removed From
State Sponsor of Terrorism List, Says
Ros-Lehtinen
Cuba should not have been removed from the State
Sponsor of Terrorism list since one of the many reasons for its inclusion
are its links to repressive regimes around the world such as Iran,
Syria, and Russia. Additionally, Castro continues to provide a safe
haven to terror groups like the Colombian FARC and Spanish ETA and harbors
fugitives from American justice. The Castro regimes responsibility
in the Brothers to the Rescue shoot down, the unresolved claims
stemming from its illegal confiscation of property from American citizens and
businesses, and its continual use of repressive tactics to silence
any opposition to the tyrannical regime are further evidence that Cuba
should not have been removed from the SSOT.
( Link To Release )
Administration Must Not
Refrain From Imposing Further Sanctions Against Human Rights Violators,
Says Ros-Lehtinen
As reports show that
human rights violators within the Maduro regime in Venezuela use state
resources to operate a drug cartel, it is disconcerting to see
Members of Congress ask the Obama administration to refrain from imposing
further sanctions against regime officials who are killing and
imprisoning those who dissent. The people of Venezuela fight a heroic struggle
against overwhelming odds in order to restore basic freedoms, the rule
of law and justice to Venezuela - rights that are denied to them by
their oppressors. It should be the aim of the United States to help the
people of Venezuela, not hinder them, and it is disappointing that
only seven individuals have been sanctioned by the Administration so
far. I call on President Obama to add more names to the list of those
sanctioned under the Venezuela Defense of Human Rights and Civil Society
Act of 2014 and not turn our back on the Venezuelan people who need
our help now more than ever.
( Link To
Release )
Amid Change, LGBT Cubans Face Lingering
Challenges
Ros-Lehtinen in a statement to the
Blade reiterated her long-standing criticisms of Mariela Castro and
her fathers government.
While Mariela Castro and the Cuban regime
try to make the farcical case that they are LGBT-friendly, the reality
the reality of their hostility to anyone who does not share their
radical, Communist ideology is much harsher and well-documented,
said the Florida Republican who is an outspoken supporter of LGBT
rights.
Interestingly, in its bid to promote its supposed LGBT record,
the Castro regime has only spotlighted those who do not object to the
regimes history of repression. Sadly, any Cuban, regardless of sexual
orientation or gender identity, who disagrees with the Castro
brothers is subject to the same acts of repudiation, arrest and imprisonment
that has characterized these tyrants rule.
( Washington Blade )
Week in
Photos
Rep. Ros-Lehtinen met with Congressional interns in
her Miami district office and discussed how their work helps South
Floridians on a daily basis.
Rep. Ros-Lehtinen visited with local
business leaders and entrepreneurs to discuss how they can continue
working together to create a stronger community
Tell a Friend
E-mail:
E-mail:
E-mail:
Share on
Twitter Share on
Facebook Share on Digg Share on LinkedIn
Washington,
DC Office
2206 Rayburn HOB | Washington, DC
20515
Phone: (202) 225-3931 | Fax: (202) 225-5620
Miami
Office
4960 SW 72 Ave, Suite 208 |
Miami, FL
33155
Phone: (305) 668-2285 |
Fax: (305) 668-5970
Unsubscribe
|
Update My Profile
