
Week in Review | May 29, 2015
Click here
if you have trouble viewing this email
Week in Review
Dear Friends,
Thank you for subscribing to receive my e-newsletter!
As always, I'm happy to update you on my busy week around Central New York.
Central New York Education Tour
I had great conversations with students, teachers, and administrators around Central New York
about improving education in our community.
During these visits, I focused on the need for added flexibility in education and making mental health services more accessible in our community.
Click here to learn more about my education tour!
At my first stop, reading to first graders at Solvay Elementary School.
Great visit to the Southside Academy Charter School in the City of Syracuse.
Well-researched questions from 8th graders at Jamesville Dewitt!
One of the highlights of my CNY education tour was seeing my 7th grade teacher, Mrs. Parkinson, who is now an elementary teacher in Solvay and is retiring next month.
Thank you, Mrs. Parkinson, for dedicating your life to educating young people in our community!
Honoring our Veterans
I partnered with Time Warner Cable to host a "Take a Vet to School Day" at G. Ray Bodley High School in Fulton.
Central New York veterans, Amanda and George from ClearPath for Veterans and Chari from my district staff, spoke about their service to our country and answered great questions from students about the changing role of women in the military, joining our armed services, and the psychological effects of war.
Thank you to Oswego County Clerk, Mike Backus, for participating in our discussion as well!
One of the many stops that my family made this Memorial Day was at the annual Watchfire,
hosted by the Vietnam Veterans of America Chapter 103 .
This incredible event pays tribute to the men and women who have given their lives for our country, as well as to our U.S. soldiers and veterans.
Promoting Local Tourism
I participated in a roundtable discussion on travel and tourism in Central New York.
I am proud to represent such a diverse and thriving region of our country.
Tourism provides economic opportunity and growth to almost all business sectors in our community, and I had an excellent discussion this week with local leaders on drawing more people to our area and ensuring that the droves of tourists who visit our region continue to visit year after year.
Check out coverage here!
Stops Around NY-24
This morning, I toured the impressive facilities at Kinney Drugs.
As a leading regional drugstore and pharmacy, Kinney's employs over a thousand individuals locally, and is spearheading innovative and groundbreaking pharmaceutical and wellness efforts that will benefit our entire region and beyond!
I toured the Sunoco Ethanol manufacturing facility in Fulton,
to learn about their renewable energy efforts and exciting new technology.
I made a stop at the National Tractor Trailer School in Liverpool.
For over 40 years, this campus has trained and placed qualified graduates into positions in the trucking industry locally and nationwide.
I had the high honor of swearing my oldest son, Sean, into the Army National Guard.
This was a very special moment for our family.
We are very proud of the young man that Sean has become!
As always, thank you for signing up to receive my e-newsletter!
Sincerely,
John Katko (NY-24)
Member of Congress
P.s., Don't forget to follow along on
Facebook
and
Twitter
for daily updates!
CONNECT
IN THE NEWS
Check out my recent editorial on combating ISIS --
Rep. John Katko: More resources needed to confront ISIS in U.S.
HOW CAN WE HELP YOU?
Our constituent service team is made up of experienced caseworkers and trained social workers who specialize in helping constituents and their families solve problems with federal agencies.
Please contact my Syracuse District Office at (315) 423-5657 if you would like assistance with:
Dealing with Federal agencies
Purchasing U.S. Flags
Military Academy Nominations
Tours and tickets for your visit to Washington, D.C.
Internships
Forward to a Friend
|
Share on Facebook
|
Share on Twitter
|
Permalink
Syracuse, NY
District Office
440 South Warren St.
7th Floor Suite 711
Syracuse, NY 13202
P: (315) 423-5657
F: (315) 423-5604
Auburn, NY
Regional Office
71 Genesee St.
Auburn, NY 13021
P: (315) 253-4068
F: (315) 253-2435
Lyons, NY
Regional Office
7376 State Rte. 31
Lyons, NY 14489
P: (315) 946-7290
Weds. 10am - 4pm
Oswego, NY
Regional Office
13 W. Oneida St.
Second Floor
Oswego, NY 13126
Weds. 10am - 3pm
Washington, DC
Congressional Office
1123 Longworth HOB
Washington, DC 20515
P: 202.225.3701
F: 202.225.4042
UPDATE SUBSCRIPTION OPTIONS
|
PRIVACY POLICY
|
CONTACT US
Click Here Click Here