Friend
Recently, the Fourth District lost an American hero when Major Everett Worell, Jr.
Prince George Countys oldest living World War II veteran
passed away this month at the age of 92. You can read a tribute to his life published in the Petersburg Progress Index,
here , as well as a write up by the Prince George Journal, below.
Heroes like Everett Worrell dont just happen. They are forged through faithful acts of courage and integrity over years of service and sacrifice. Everetts service as a B-17 pilot during World War II
when he flew 35 missions over Europe and later as he served our nation for 27 years in the Air Force
speaks both to his character and his commitment to this county.
We are proud to remember Everett as a hometown hero, but he is more than that
he is an American hero. As we celebrate his life and legacy, I would like to extend my gratitude and utmost respect to Everett Worrell and the entire Worrell family for all they have given in service to this nation. A grateful nation thanks you.
Yours in service,
Randy
World War II Fighter Pilot, Prince George Resident Everett Worrell Dies At 92
The Prince George Journal
May 19, 2015
P RINCE GEORGE COUNTY, VIRGINIA
Prince George lost an American hero when one of the countys oldest living World War II veterans died this month.
At the age of 92, Everett Worrell, Jr. who was a B-17 pilot during the second world war and flew 35 missions over Europe, passed away on May 3. He would have turned 93 this month.
Heroes like Everett Worrell dont just happen, Congressman Randy Forbes said. They are forged through faithful acts of courage and integrity over years of service and sacrifice. Everetts service as a B-17 pilot during World War II, when he flew 35 missions over Europe and later as he served our nation for 27 years in the Air Force, speak both to his character and his commitment to this county.
Worrell was a pilot and Flight Commander with the 532nd Bomb Sq, 381st Bomb Group at Ridgewell, about 25 miles from Duxford. His last combat mission was on January 2, 1945 when he led the group from the IP to over the target when Worrell turned the lead over to Col. Fitzgerald Squad Commander on his last combat mission also.
Despite his age, Worrell attended Veterans Day and Memorial Day held in Prince George as late as last year, paying tribute to those who had made the ultimate sacrifices as well as who served and lived to tell about it.
Often, the tribute was given to him when others attending applauded the World War II veteran.
Worrell served the country for 27 years in the Air Force and was a Communication Inspector General, a Ham Radio operator, and a MARS member for decades. He was one of Richmonds first television repairmen.
Supervisor William Gandel, who was close friends with the retired Air Force major, said he would be missed.
The two shared a passion for communications. I could talk to him about anything, whether in person, on the air or in Morse code, Gandel said. Ev was the only person I could speak to about anything. Hes always been there for me.
Gandel said Worrell was a wealth of knowledge in every aspect.
That included music and dancing and, if he started playing all of his records today, 24 hours a day, it would take two weeks to hear them all.
He was preceded in death by his wife of 65 years, Hazel. He is survived by four daughters, Elizabeth Lee Dagley and husband, Steve, of Oakridge, Tenn., Anne W. Abeel and husband, Jack, of Disputanta, Va., Linda C. Orlicky and husband, Mark, of Colorado Springs, Colo., and Rebecca L. Agnew and husband, Zander, of Richmond, Va.; eight grandchildren and 11 great-grandchildren.
Worrells contributions to his friends, family and the nation will be remembered.
We are proud to remember Everett as a hometown hero, but he is more than that
he is an American hero, Forbes noted. As we celebrate his life and legacy, I am honored to extend my gratitude and utmost respect to Everett Worrell and the entire Worrell family for all they have given in service to this nation. A grateful nation thanks you.
Read online, here:
http://www.princegeorgejournal.com/2015/05/19/world-war-ii-fighter-pilot-prince-george-resident-everett-worrell-dies-at-92/
Click Here
to view this email in your browser
Click Here
to be removed from this list