
May 22, 2015
IN THIS ISSUE:
Senator Collins Named "Most Bipartisan" in New Index
Senator Collins Advocates for Reauthorization of TAA from the Senate
Floor
Senator Collins Chairs Hearing on Medicare Problem That Can Cost
Seniors
Senator Collins Named One of the 25 Most Influential Women in Congress
Senator Collins Meets with Thornton Academy E Award Recipient
Meeting With Mainers
WEEKLY COLUMN
"Honoring Our Heroes"
By: Senator Susan M. Collins
More than a century and a half ago, as our nation faced its gravest
crisis during the Civil War, President Abraham Lincoln spoke of the
"mystic cords of memory, stretching from every patriot grave to every
living heart and hearthstone all over this broad land.''
>From the founding of our great nation to the conflicts of today, the
men and women of our armed forces strengthen those mystic cords. From
generation to generation, they add new and everlasting strands of
valor, devotion to duty, and sacrifice.
This Memorial Day, throughout Maine and across America, we gather again
to express our gratitude. In countless villages, small towns, and big
cities, we raise our voices in song and bow our heads in prayer in
honor of those who gave their all for each of us. As we do these
things, we are again reminded that freedom is a gift purchased at the
greatest possible price.
As we come together in our shared gratitude, as we look down the rows
of headstones, the flowers, and the flags, we see our history. It is a
history written not by conquerors, but by ordinary men and women who
answered the extraordinary call to defend liberty. Many brave American
men and women have given their lives overseas fighting for the freedom
of others. As retired General and former Secretary of State Colin
Powell said, "We have asked for nothing in return except the ground to
bury them in."
As the recent loss of six Marines performing rescue operations
following the earthquake in Nepal reminds us, our servicemembers also
are courageous and committed humanitarians.
The very origins of Memorial Day speak to these values. It is
significant that a day dedicated to the deepest of human emotions -
grief, remembrance and gratitude - began not by decree from any high
authority, but with the spontaneous, heartfelt actions of ordinary
people.
As the Civil War ravaged the countryside and took an ever greater and
more ghastly human toll, Confederate widows and grieving mothers began
placing wildflowers on the graves of their loved ones, and on the
graves of Union soldiers -- the loved ones of widows and mothers they
did not know but with whom they shared a sacred bond. Union widows and
grieving mothers soon adopted that custom.
Those origins, those mystic cords, connect to our time. Were we to
gather at any veterans' cemetery throughout America or abroad, in
December, we would look down the rows of headstones decorated with
rings of balsam and ribbons of red. The Wreaths Across America project
is Maine's unique way of expressing the gratitude that is felt
worldwide.
As we honor the fallen, we also honor those who served and returned
home, and those who serve today. One of my greatest privileges as a
Senator has been the opportunities I've had to visit our troops
overseas, in Korea, in Kosovo, and three times in Iraq and Afghanistan.
In them, I see the same courage and compassion that have been the true
insignia of America's armed forces throughout our history.
To read the rest of Senator Collins' Weekly Column click here
.
Senator Collins Named "Most Bipartisan" in New Index
To watch the segment from WABI click here
or the play button above.
>From the Associated Press
"Collins At Head
of Class on Bipartisan Index"
"Republican Sen. Susan Collins of Maine likes to tout her efforts to
reach across the aisle.
"The Lugar Center and the McCourt School of Public Policy at Georgetown
University says it's not all talk. She won the top ranking in the
annual 'Bipartisan Index.'
"The index focuses on how often a senator works with the other party to
serve as sponsor or co-sponsor of a bill.
"Former Sen. Richard Lugar of the Lugar Center served with Collins in
the Senate. He said he's seen firsthand 'her dedication to good policy
and her openness to working productively with members representing a
wide range of viewpoints.' l Journal Panel titled 'Beyond Partisanship:
Breaking Washington's Political Gridlock.'"
The story was also featured in USA Today
, The New York Times
,
and The Courier Gazette
.
Senator Collins Advocates for Reauthorization of TAA from the Senate
Floor
As the Senate considered Trade Promotion Authority legislation this
week, Senator Collins spoke from the Senate floor advocating for the
reauthorization of Trade Adjustment Assistance (TAA), which expired at
the end of 2014.
In her statement, Senator Collins referenced a recent visit to Eastern
Maine Community College in Bangor where she spoke with a group of
students who are former employees of the Verso mill in Bucksport, which
closed unexpectedly last year. Because of Trade Adjustment Assistance,
these former workers are now enrolled in a fine furniture making
program and are learning new skills for in-demand jobs.
"I was so impressed with their determination and their attitude," said
Senator Collins from the Senate floor. "Their determination to start
new careers after years of working at the mills at Bucksport was
inspiring and each of them was enrolled thanks to the support provided
by the Trade Adjustment Assistance program. Without that program, they
would not have had the funding, the support, and the resources,
necessary to enable them to do a midlife career change."
To watch the video click here
or the
play button above.
Senator Collins also outlined the success of TAA programs in Maine
noting that in the 2013 fiscal year alone, more than 700 Mainers have
used TAA programs and more than 70% of those participants have found
employment within 3 months of completing their retraining programs.
Senator Collins Chairs Hearing on Medicare Problem That Can Cost
Seniors
Senate Aging Committee Chairman Susan Collins and Ranking Member Claire
McCaskill led a bipartisan panel examining the dramatic growth in the
use of "observation status" by hospitals and the effects it has on
patients and the health care industry. The hearing, "Challenging the
Status Quo: Solutions to the Hospital Observation Stay Crisis,"
included input from key stakeholders and examined various proposals
that are designed to solve the problem of over-reliance on the use of
observation status by hospitals.
To watch the video click here
or the play button above.
Tori Gaetani of Beacon Health, a member of the national pilot program
to enable Medicare patients to be treated at a skilled nursing facility
under Medicare without the hospital inpatient stay requirement, was
invited to testify by Senator Collins. Ms. Gaetani spoke about how the
program has improved care of seniors and reduced overall costs of care.
>From the Bangor Daily News
"Are you being
'observed' in the hospital? Seniors, you might get a hefty bill"
"If you're a Medicare enrollee who has been hit by an unexpected
medical bill, you might be familiar with the term 'observation status.'
"Hospitals increasingly are placing seniors under 'observation' instead
of admitting them as inpatients, and a Senate panel led by U.S. Sen.
Susan Collins wants them to hit the brakes.
"Many seniors are surprised to learn they were never admitted, even
after staying overnight at a hospital and receiving treatment, testing
and medications. Most learn about it when a bill arrives in the mail
for out-of-pocket costs they never anticipated.
"Why are hospitals doing this, why is it costing seniors money and how
is Maine responding? Here's a breakdown:
"Observation status is for patients not healthy enough to go home but
not sick enough to be admitted. Doctors use observation time to decide
whether to admit a patient, such as by running tests or performing lab
work. As Kaiser Health News explains, 'this care requires a doctor's
order and is considered an outpatient service, even though patients may
stay as long as several days.' Under Medicare guidelines, hospitals
should decide whether to admit patients within 24 to 48 hours."
To read the full article click here
.
Senator Collins Named One of the 25 Most Influential Women in Congress
U.S. Senator Susan Collins was named one of the "25 Most Influential
Women in Congress" CQ Weekly's Power Issue. Senator Collins was also
recognized as one of the top 5 women who shape the debate in Congress.
This article will be expanded upon in an electronic book
also authored by CQ Roll Call entitled, "Powerful
Women: The Most Influential Women in Congress." Senator Collins spoke
at a reception this week which was held to launch the electronic book.
>From the Bangor Daily News - State and Capitol
"Susan Collins named one of the most powerful women in Washington"
"Maine has a long history of sending especially influential people to
Washington to represent it, ranging from Ed Muskie to Margaret Chase
Smith to George Mitchell to Olympia Snowe. Republican Sen. Susan
Collins is no exception and anyone who is paying attention knows she
has built a reputation as a power broker who holds considerable sway on
Capitol Hill.
"On Monday, a well-known publication called CQ Roll Call in its annual
'Power Issue' named Collins one of the 25 most influential women in
Congress and one of the top five women who shape the congressional
debate.
"'Her moderate status helps her shape legislation in a divided
government,' reads the article. 'If a provision can't win her support,
it likely won't become law.'
"Collins was quoted as saying that while women bring a range of
ideologies to government, one truth that binds them is that 'women of
the Senate are more likely to collaborate and to realize that we can
disagree on an issue but still seek common ground.'"
Appropriations Committee Approves Funding for Renovations at Bangor Air
National Guard Wing
Senator Susan Collins, a senior member of the Military Construction and
Veterans Affairs Appropriations Subcommittee, announced this week that
the Senate Appropriations Committee has approved $7.2 million to
complete renovations of the Bangor Air National Guard Wing's fire and
rescue facility. Senator Collins raised the importance of this funding
during a March 2015 subcommittee hearing with the Air Force, and
advocated for it with her Appropriations colleagues.
"I'm pleased that this bill would fund the urgently needed fire and
crash rescue improvements at the 101st Air Refueling Wing in Bangor,
supporting those who put their lives on the line to protect our nation,"
said Senator Collins. "This funding would facilitate the Wing's
critical missions, such as providing air refueling support to United
States Strategic Command as well as logistical and support services to
the airport, Bangor community, and State of Maine."
The funding was approved during the Committee's consideration of the
2016 Fiscal Year Military Construction and Veterans Affairs spending
bill that provides resources for veterans' benefits and programs and
makes funding available for military construction projects.
Senator Collins voted in favor of the bill, which was approved by a
vote of 21 to 9 and now awaits final consideration by the full Senate.
To read the full press release click here
.
Senator Collins Meets with Thornton Academy E Award Recipient
Senator Susan Collins was joined by Thornton Academy Headmaster, Rene
Menard and Director of Admissions, Mark Powers in Washington this week
to celebrate the Thornton Academy's recent recognition from the
Department of Commerce for its long-standing efforts to promote
international education and economic and cultural development by
drawing students from around the world.
Prior to the meeting, Secretary of Commerce Penny Pritzker presented
the Department of Commerce's E Award to Thornton Headmaster Rene
Menard. The E Award is the highest recognition any U.S. entity can
receive for making a significant contribution to the expansion of U.S.
exports. Established by executive order by President Kennedy, the E
Award is a symbol of excellence to honor and provide recognition to
America's exporters. Thornton Academy, a leader in international
education, is the first Maine organization and non-college to win an E
Award since 1983.
Honoring a Maine Legend
Senator Susan Collins introduced former Maine Senator George Mitchell
at a reception launching his memoir, "The Negotiator: Reflections on an
American Life."
Meeting with Mainers
Senator Collins always makes time to meet individually with
constituents- either Mainers who are visiting Washington, D.C. or at
home in Maine.
She values hearing from Mainers on a wide range of topics. Here are a
few photos from recent meetings:
Left: Ben Fearn, Bangor
Right: Maggie Priest, Augusta
OFFICE OF SENATOR SUSAN COLLINS
413 Dirksen Senate Office Building
Washington, D.C. 20510
Phone: (202) 224-2523
Fax: (202) 224-2693
To UNSUBSCRIBE, please click here
DEFAULT TABLE ATTRIBUTES ARE:
DEFAULT TD STYLE IS:
DEFAULT LEFT SIDEBAR IS:
DEFAULT RIGHT COLUMN IS:
Can't
see the images? Make sure your e-mail is set to download pictures in order to see the full content
of this e-newsletter.
May
22, 2015
IN
THIS ISSUE:
Senator Collins Named
"Most Bipartisan" in New Index
Senator Collins Advocates
for Reauthorization of TAA from the Senate Floor
Senator
Collins Chairs Hearing on Medicare Problem That Can Cost Seniors
Senator Collins Named
One of the 25 Most Influential Women in Congress
Senator Collins Meets
with Thornton Academy E Award Recipient
Meeting With Mainers
WEEKLY COLUMN
"Honoring Our Heroes"
By: Senator Susan M. Collins
More than a century and a half ago, as our nation faced its gravest crisis during the
Civil War, President Abraham Lincoln spoke of the &#8220;mystic cords of memory, stretching from every
patriot grave to every living heart and hearthstone all over this broad land.&#8217;&#8217; From
the founding of our great nation to the conflicts of today, the men and women of our armed forces strengthen
those mystic cords. From generation to generation, they add new and everlasting strands of valor, devotion
to duty, and sacrifice.
This Memorial Day, throughout Maine and across America, we gather again to express our gratitude.
In countless villages, small towns, and big cities, we raise our voices in song and bow our heads in
prayer in honor of those who gave their all for each of us. As we do these things, we are again reminded
that freedom is a gift purchased at the greatest possible price.
As we come together in our shared gratitude, as we look down the rows of headstones, the flowers,
and the flags, we see our history. It is a history written not by conquerors, but by ordinary men and
women who answered the extraordinary call to defend liberty. Many brave American men and women have given
their lives overseas fighting for the freedom of others. As retired General and former Secretary of State
Colin Powell said, &#8220;We have asked for nothing in return except the ground to bury them in.&#8221;
As the recent loss of six Marines performing rescue operations following the earthquake in Nepal
reminds us, our servicemembers also are courageous and committed humanitarians.
The very origins of Memorial Day speak to these values. It is significant that a day dedicated
to the deepest of human emotions &#8211; grief, remembrance and gratitude &#8211; began not by decree
from any high authority, but with the spontaneous, heartfelt actions of ordinary people.
As the Civil War ravaged the countryside and took an ever greater and more ghastly human toll,
Confederate widows and grieving mothers began placing wildflowers on the graves of their loved ones,
and on the graves of Union soldiers -- the loved ones of widows and mothers they did not know but with
whom they shared a sacred bond. Union widows and grieving mothers soon adopted that custom.
Those origins, those mystic cords, connect to our time. Were we to gather at any veterans&#8217;
cemetery throughout America or abroad, in December, we would look down the rows of headstones decorated
with rings of balsam and ribbons of red. The Wreaths Across America project is Maine&#8217;s unique way
of expressing the gratitude that is felt worldwide.
As we honor the fallen, we also honor those who served and returned home, and those who serve
today. One of my greatest privileges as a Senator has been the opportunities I&#8217;ve had to visit
our troops overseas, in Korea, in Kosovo, and three times in Iraq and Afghanistan. In them, I see the
same courage and compassion that have been the true insignia of America&#8217;s armed forces throughout
our history.
To read the rest of Senator Collins' Weekly Column click
here .
Senator
Collins Named "Most Bipartisan" in New Index
To
watch the segment from WABI click
here
or the play button above.
From the
Associated
Press
"Collins At Head of Class on Bipartisan
Index "
"Republican Sen. Susan Collins of Maine likes to tout her efforts to reach across
the aisle.
"The Lugar Center and the McCourt School of Public Policy at Georgetown University
says it's not all talk. She won the top ranking in the annual 'Bipartisan Index.'
"The index focuses on how often a senator works with the other party to serve
as sponsor or co-sponsor of a bill.
"Former Sen. Richard Lugar of the Lugar Center served with Collins in the Senate.
He said he's seen firsthand 'her dedication to good policy and her openness to working productively with
members representing a wide range of viewpoints.'
l Journal Panel titled 'Beyond Partisanship:
Breaking Washington&#8217;s Political Gridlock.'"
The story was also featured in
USA
Today ,
The
New York Times , and
The
Courier Gazette .
Senator Collins Advocates for Reauthorization
of TAA from the Senate Floor
As the Senate considered Trade Promotion Authority legislation this week, Senator
Collins spoke from the Senate floor advocating for the reauthorization of Trade Adjustment Assistance
(TAA), which expired at the end of 2014.
In her statement, Senator Collins referenced a recent visit to Eastern Maine Community College
in Bangor where she spoke with a group of students who are former employees of the Verso mill in Bucksport,
which closed unexpectedly last year. Because of Trade Adjustment Assistance, these former workers are
now enrolled in a fine furniture making program and are learning new skills for in-demand jobs.
&#8220;I was so impressed with their determination and their attitude,&#8221;
said Senator Collins from the Senate floor. &#8220;Their determination to start new careers after years
of working at the mills at Bucksport was inspiring and each of them was enrolled thanks to the support
provided by the Trade Adjustment Assistance program. Without that program, they would not have had the
funding, the support, and the resources, necessary to enable them to do a midlife career change.&#8221;
To
watch the video click
here
or the play button above.
Senator Collins also outlined the success of TAA programs in Maine noting that
in the 2013 fiscal year alone, more than 700 Mainers have used TAA programs and more than 70% of those
participants have found employment within 3 months of completing their retraining programs.
Senator Collins Chairs Hearing on Medicare Problem
That Can Cost Seniors
Senate Aging Committee Chairman Susan Collins and Ranking Member Claire McCaskill led
a bipartisan panel examining the dramatic growth in the use of &#8220;observation status&#8221;
by hospitals and the effects it has on patients and the health care industry. The hearing, &#8220;Challenging
the Status Quo: Solutions to the Hospital Observation Stay Crisis,&#8221; included input from key stakeholders
and examined various proposals that are designed to solve the problem of over-reliance on the use of
observation status by hospitals.
To
watch the video click
here
or the play button above.
Tori Gaetani of Beacon Health, a member of the national pilot program to enable Medicare
patients to be treated at a skilled nursing facility under Medicare without the hospital inpatient stay
requirement, was invited to testify by Senator Collins. Ms. Gaetani spoke about how the program has improved
care of seniors and reduced overall costs of care.
From the
Bangor
Daily News "Are you being &#8216;observed&#8217; in the hospital? Seniors, you might get a hefty
bill"
" If you&#8217;re a Medicare enrollee who has been hit by
an unexpected medical bill, you might be familiar with the term 'observation status.'
"Hospitals increasingly are placing seniors under 'observation' instead of admitting
them as inpatients, and a Senate panel led by U.S. Sen. Susan Collins wants them to hit the brakes.
"Many seniors are surprised to learn they were never admitted, even after staying
overnight at a hospital and receiving treatment, testing and medications. Most learn about it when a
bill arrives in the mail for out-of-pocket costs they never anticipated.
"Why are hospitals doing this, why is it costing seniors money and how is Maine
responding?
Here&#8217;s a breakdown:
"Observation status is for patients not healthy enough to go home but not sick
enough to be admitted. Doctors use observation time to decide whether to admit a patient, such as by
running tests or performing lab work. As Kaiser Health News explains, 'this care requires a doctor&#8217;s
order and is considered an outpatient service, even though patients may stay as long as several days.'
Under Medicare guidelines, hospitals should decide whether to admit patients within 24 to 48 hours."
To read the full article click
here .
Senator Collins Named One of the 25 Most Influential
Women in Congress
U.S. Senator Susan Collins was named one of the &#8220;25 Most Influential Women in
Congress&#8221; CQ Weekly&#8217;s Power Issue. Senator Collins was also recognized as one of the
top 5 women who shape the debate in Congress.
This article will be expanded upon in an
electronic
book
also authored by CQ Roll Call entitled, &#8220;Powerful Women: The Most Influential Women in
Congress.&#8221; Senator Collins spoke at a reception this week which was held to launch the electronic
book.
From the
Bangor
Daily News - State and Capitol
"Susan Collins named one of the most powerful
women in Washington"
"Maine has a long history of sending especially influential people to Washington to
represent it, ranging from Ed Muskie to Margaret Chase Smith to George Mitchell to Olympia Snowe. Republican
Sen. Susan Collins is no exception and anyone who is paying attention knows she has built a reputation
as a power broker who holds considerable sway on Capitol Hill.
"On Monday, a well-known publication called CQ Roll Call in its annual 'Power Issue'
named Collins one of the 25 most influential women in Congress and one of the top five women who shape
the congressional debate.
"'Her moderate status helps her shape legislation in a divided government,' reads the
article. 'If a provision can&#8217;t win her support, it likely won&#8217;t become law.'
"Collins was quoted as saying that while women bring a range of ideologies to government,
one truth that binds them is that 'women of the Senate are more likely to collaborate and to realize
that we can disagree on an issue but still seek common ground.'"
Appropriations Committee Approves Funding for
Renovations at Bangor Air National Guard Wing
Senator Susan Collins, a senior member of the Military Construction and Veterans Affairs Appropriations
Subcommittee, announced this week that the Senate Appropriations Committee has approved $7.2 million
to complete renovations of the Bangor Air National Guard Wing&#8217;s fire and rescue facility. Senator
Collins raised the importance of this funding during a March 2015 subcommittee hearing with the Air Force,
and advocated for it with her Appropriations colleagues.
&#8220;I&#8217;m pleased that this bill would fund the urgently needed fire and crash rescue improvements
at the 101st Air Refueling Wing in Bangor, supporting those who put their lives on the line to protect
our nation,&#8221; said Senator Collins. &#8220;This funding would facilitate the Wing&#8217;s critical
missions, such as providing air refueling support to United States Strategic Command as well as logistical
and support services to the airport, Bangor community, and State of Maine.&#8221;
The funding was approved during the Committee&#8217;s consideration of the 2016 Fiscal Year Military
Construction and Veterans Affairs spending bill that provides resources for veterans&#8217; benefits
and programs and makes funding available for military construction projects.
Senator Collins voted in favor of the bill, which was approved by a vote of 21 to 9 and now awaits
final consideration by the full Senate.
To read the full press release click
here .
Senator Collins Meets with Thornton Academy E Award
Recipient
Senator Susan Collins was joined by Thornton Academy Headmaster, Rene Menard and Director
of Admissions, Mark Powers in Washington this week to celebrate the Thornton Academy's recent recognition
from the Department of Commerce for its long-standing efforts to promote international education and
economic and cultural development by drawing students from around the world.
Prior to the meeting, Secretary of Commerce Penny Pritzker presented the Department of Commerce&#8217;s
E Award to Thornton Headmaster Rene Menard. The E Award is the highest recognition any U.S. entity can
receive for making a significant contribution to the expansion of U.S. exports. Established by executive
order by President Kennedy, the E Award is a symbol of excellence to honor and provide recognition to
America's exporters. Thornton Academy, a leader in international education, is the first Maine organization
and non-college to win an E Award since 1983.
Honoring a Maine Legend
Senator Susan Collins introduced former Maine Senator George Mitchell at a reception
launching his memoir, "The Negotiator: Reflections on an American Life."
Meeting
with Mainers
Senator Collins always makes time to meet individually with constituents&#8212; either Mainers who
are visiting Washington, D.C. or at home in Maine.
She values hearing from Mainers on a wide range of topics. Here are a few photos from recent meetings:
Left: Ben Fearn, Bangor Right: Maggie
Priest, Augusta
OFFICE OF SENATOR SUSAN COLLINS
413 Dirksen Senate Office Building Washington,
D.C. 20510 Phone: (202) 224-2523 Fax: (202) 224-2693
To UNSUBSCRIBE,
please
click here
