DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.0 Transitional//EN" "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml1/DTD/xhtml1-transitional.dtd"
District Update |May 11, 2015
Click here
if you have trouble viewing this email
Dear Friends,
I saw a troubling
report
on the news this week. Any loss of jobs in Arkansas is always displeasing, but it is especially frustrating when you realize we can take actions to promote jobs and careers. Hundreds of Arkansans in the oil and gas industry are out of jobs because we have outdated regulations limiting the industry's ability to keep growing and investing to offset recent price declines.
Hopefully that will change soon, as I am a cosponsor on a bill, H.R. 702, to adapt to changing crude oil market conditions. This legislation would remove the forty-year ban on crude oil exports and open up new doors around the world for the sale of American crude oil.
Put in place in the aftermath of the Arab Oil Embargo, this ban doesn't reflect America's growing leadership as an energy producer. Along with recent congressional actions to promote greater use and exports of natural gas, this legislation will promote economic and national security.
H.R. 702 isn't the only recent push from Congress to help our economy by bringing more jobs to the state. The
bipartisan trade promotion authority (TPA) bill
also is crucial for continued economic growth in Arkansas and throughout the country.
Currently, 38 million jobs in America are tied to trade, and I am hopeful we can increase that number in the coming years. But in order to accomplish this, we must design and implement deals that cut foreign tariffs and eliminate barriers to greater U.S. exports of goods and services.
Since 1974, TPA has been the long-term remedy to this problem. TPA
ensures we secure the most effective trade agreements, increases congressional oversight, and subjects presidential administrations
both current and future
to strict accountability to Congress and the American people.
It is good policy, and it is the first step to opening new markets for American goods and services. This is especially beneficial for Arkansass manufacturing and agriculture industries. Our farmers, welders, engineers, and many other hardworking people in these industries deserve trade deals that will help grow their operations and the local economy at the same time.
In East Asia alone, America's share of imports has fallen by 42 percent over the past ten years. This is problematic for many reasons, the greatest of which is China's growing influence in that region, as well as in the rest of the world.
TPA
would provide precise direction to the President
on the parameters of expanding trade in the Asia Pacific Region. This will allow us to increase American exports of manufactured and agricultural goods throughout Asia.
I am committed to pursuing legislation that will strengthen our economy and continue to bring good jobs to Arkansas. TPA and H.R. 702 would be solid legislative achievements that will lead to faster economic growth, more exports, and more careers for our kids and grandkids.
Please let me know what you think about TPA and H.R. 702 by commenting on
Facebook .
Sincerely,
Representative French Hill
Wilderness Commemoration
This weekend, Rep. Hill hosted a celebration of Arkansass wilderness in the Ouachita National Forest at Lake Sylvia.
Guests gathered at Camp Ouachita Lodge for a ceremony in recognition of the the 30 th
anniversary of the Arkansas Wilderness Act of 1984 and the 50 th
anniversary of the Wilderness Act of 1964. Also in attendance
was former Congressman Ed Bethune, the original sponsor of the Arkansas Wilderness Act of 1983.
Rep. Hill leading a hike at Flatside Wilderness after the ceremony.
Rep. Hill, Rep. Bethune, and members of Boy Scout Troop 93 from Hamilton, AR, taking part in the ceremony.
A Real Opportunity to Save Our Community Banks
By Rep. French Hill for Talk Business &amp; Politics
Community banks and credit unions are vital to economic development, job creation, and the overall financial stability of the communities they serve.
Everyone agrees that our nations community banks and credit unions did not cause or contribute to the 2008 financial crisis.
Click
here
to read the rest .
Washington, DC Office
1229 Longworth House Office Building
Washington, DC 20515
Phone: (202) 225-2506
Fax: (202) 225-5903
Conway Office
1105 Deer Street, Suite 12
Conway, AR 72032
Phone: (501) 358-3481
Fax: (501) 358-3494
Little Rock Office
1501 N. University Ave., Suite 150
Little Rock, AR 72207
Phone: (501) 324-5941
Fax: (501) 324-6029
UPDATE SUBSCRIPTION OPTIONS
|
PRIVACY POLICY
|
CONTACT US
Click Here Click Here