DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.0 Transitional//EN" "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml1/DTD/xhtml1-transitional.dtd"
ICYMI - Fox News Channel:
Your World with Neil Cavuto
CLICK HERE TO WATCH
Yesterday, I had the opportunity to appear on Fox News Channels Your World with Neil Cavuto to react to President Obamas recent criticism of Supreme Court action in King v. Burwell, a case pending before the court regarding the legality of providing Obamacare subsidies to Americans enrolled in the federally-run exchange. Excerpts of the interview are below.
On the merits of the case:
I must admit, with all due respect to the president, it`s somewhat mind-boggling to me that he actually used to teach law. So, number one, he`s -- what he really wants is a unilateral, unlawful Obamacare do-over. The statute is pretty clear that, in order to receive the subsidies in question, you have to be part of a state exchange. And now the president is saying, well, we really didn`t mean that, and so this is what we really meant. Well, unfortunately, the English language gets in the way. And, again, this is the president eroding the rule of law, and if I was on the Supreme Court, I would be a little bit offended.
On President Obamas comments and the role of the court:
Well, it isn`t the first time that the president has lectured the Supreme Court. We certainly know that. If I was them, I would be offended. Having said that, I would still hope I would do my job. And my job is to interpret the law.Chief Justice Roberts has said that that is not their job to make the public policy. And, indeed, under our system of checks and balances, separation of powers, that is not their job.
On the Republican plan to provide an off-ramp to Obamacare:
Republicans have worked together in order to provide an off-ramp to Obamacare. The reason these policies are so expensive is because of all the different mandates. And so through a series of various tax incentives, through deductions and credits, through ensuring that states can no longer have to follow the employer and employee mandates, we hope we can make it more affordable.There is a way to move on. There`s an off-ramp to Obamacare that gets us where we need to go.
Yours respectfully,
Jeb Hensarling
Member of Congress
www.hensarling.house.gov
(202) 225-3484
DC
(903) 675-8288
Athens
(214) 349-9996
Dallas
Please do not respond to this email as this is an unattended mailbox.
If you would like to comment please
click here
or if you would like to sign up to receive my enewsletter please
click here .
Connect with me on:
Click Here Click Here