DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.0 Transitional//EN" "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml1/DTD/xhtml1-transitional.dtd"
May 16, 2015
Visit My Website
|
Forward to a Friend
| Find me on:
House Acts to Protect Life
The House voted
242-184
to pass H.R. 36, the
Pain-Capable Unborn Child Protection Act . This bill takes action to better protect the right to life by limiting abortion after the fifth month of pregnancy
a point when unborn children are known to be able to feel pain.
Limiting the practice of late-term abortion is a matter of fundamental human dignity and is widely supported by the American people. Measures similar to H.R. 36 have already been made law in numerous states. It only makes sense that we do the same at the federal level to better protect the right to life.
As a committed pro-life conservative and cosponsor of H.R. 36, Id like to say thank you to all the dedicated grassroots pro-life advocates who helped advance this bill. My office received hundreds of calls and emails in support of H.R. 36 and I know my colleagues did as well. I am grateful to all those who work tirelessly in defense life.
VIDEO: Without the Right to Life, All Others Are Impossible
Marchant praises House's passage of H.R. 36
Strengthening Accountability in Iran Nuclear Agreement
Irans march toward a nuclear weapon is a grave threat to the United States, our ally, Israel, and the stability of the Middle East as a whole. As the U.S. pursues an agreement with Iran regarding the dismantlement of its nuclear program, it is critical that Congress and the American people have a say on any deal before it is finalized. I voted to make certain of that this week by supporting the passage of the
Iran Nuclear Agreement Review Act . This legislation provides for a full examination of a nuclear agreement with Iran and allows for Congressional disapproval of a bad deal before any sanctions are lifted.
As I
previously stated
in April upon the announcement of a framework nuclear agreement with Iran, the stakes are too high accept a deal that eases U.S. sanctions on Iran but does not foreclose on a pathway to nuclear weapons capability. I assure the people of my district that my primary focus will remain the security of the United States and its allies.
My statement following the passage of the
Iran Nuclear Agreement Review Act
can be found
here . More information about the bill, which passed
400-15 , can be found
here .
Constituents Visiting Washington
It was a pleasure to meet with a large group of constituents representing the Texas Association of Realtors. I appreciate their taking the time to tell me about the real estate and housing issues affecting their work in the district.
Quick Links to More Recent News
I voted to pass the
USA FREEDOM Act
and end the bulk collection of Americans records and data by the NSA. The legislation passed by a vote of
338-88 . More information about the bill can be found
here .
The House
acted unanimously
to target and dismantle segments of Hezbollahs financial network. With the exception of al Qaeda, Hezbollah has taken more American lives than any other terrorist organization. Removing its sources of financing will help stifle its ability to bring harm to the U.S. and our allies. You can learn more about the bill
here .
The
National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2016
passed the House by a vote of
269-151 . This bill ensures a strong national defense by providing our servicemen and women with the training, resources, and equipment needed to keep our nation safe. More information about the bill can be found
here .
Click the "Like" button and follow me on Facebook to get daily updates on how I am serving you and the 24th District of Texas.
It is an honor to represent you in Washington and I value your input. Please don't hesitate to contact one of my offices or
send me an email .
UPDATE SUBSCRIPTION OPTIONS
|
PRIVACY POLICY
|
CONTACT US
