DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.0 Transitional//EN" "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml1/DTD/xhtml1-transitional.dtd"
Send me an email
|
Forward to a Friend
Friend-
In case you missed it, I recently wrote a piece highlighting some of our small business success stories from the 4 th
District.
We can all learn a lot from the hard work and dedication of our small business owners, and I will continue to work to get Washington out of your way so you can grow your companies, innovate, and create jobs.
When our small businesses thrive, America thrives.
Yours in service,
Randy
Stories from Virginias Small Businesses Owners
Progress Index
By Congressman Randy Forbes
From the shoemakers of Jamestown to the soda shops of mid-century main street to the tech start ups and online clothing boutiques of todays e-commerce community, American small businesses have been the backbone of our nations economy for centuries.
Today, more than
half
of Americans either own or work for a small business. Since the early 1990s, small businesses have created about
two out of every three new jobs
in the U.S. annually. In whatever form they take
whether brick-and-mortar or online, decades old or start up
small businesses represent what is best about our nation.
Earlier this month we recognized National Small Business Week to acknowledge the critical contributions of Americas entrepreneurs and small business owners. During that week, I asked constituents from Virginias Fourth District to share what they love about some of the small businesses in the Fourth District.
Many people contributed to the conversation. And notably, the comments werent just about the products or services these small businesses offer. Rather, most people recognized the valuable role these business owners play in strengthening our communities. They reminded us of values we can take from their business stories
reminders that small businesses fuel our nation in more ways than economics.
This week I share with you the faces and stories of just a few of Virginias small business owners and the inspiring lessons we can learn from their hard work and dedication.
Dream big, start small.
Tom Skordas immigrated to the United States from Greece in the 1960s in search of the American Dream. After numerous business ventures in the restaurant and hospitality sector, Tom opened Prince George Family BBQ in Prince George County. Over the years, this family-owned and operated restaurant and catering service has become a community favorite. Its a first choice for many local first responders, law enforcement, and military patrons. Today, Toms restaurant employs 40 full time/part time employees and has a second location in Chesterfield County. Toms story is proof that America has always been a place for dreamers to
make their visions reality
and a reminder of the importance of maintaining policies that support the fundamental principles of the American Dream.
Community starts when you focus on the individual . Two years ago, Scott Newman made the tough decision to leave his job as a pharmacist at a national drugstore chain to open his own business. I wanted to give each and every customer the very best personal care possible, said Scott,
and I couldnt do that where I was since there was hardly ever the time to even look up from what I was doing.
Scott will tell you that it wasnt easy in the beginning
to step out on faith to start his own business
but, after two short years, he is proud to be a small business owner and even more proud that it allows him to personally make a difference to people in the Chesapeake and beyond. His focus on community building starts by knowing the individuals that come into his pharmacy. Scott knows and calls his customers by name. He knows their needs and can focus on providing them the best service possible.
Adversity carries with it seeds of opportunity .
Mary Schindel is a survivor in many ways. After her first bout with Leukemia, when many might have thrown in the cards, she remained determined to start her own business. In the midst of adversity, she created She Chester boutique right in the heart of downtown Chester, which now employs ten full- and part-time employees. Today, people who walk in She Chester say they feel right at home. Mary sees her role as a small shop owner not just as a business person, but as a community leader. Her own story as a cancer survivor has inspired her to become active in a number of cancer non-profit organizations, an encouragement to many who come into her shop each week.
Its never too late to build a better life . Rob Heare grew weary of the demands of a high paying corporate job in the insurance industry. It was taking a toll on his family life and he felt his priorities were out of order.
So in the middle of his career, at a time when others might say its too scary to leave, Rob decided to leave the corporate world to become a small business owner. Rob joined Ralph Thurstons agency to co-founded Thurston and Heare Insurance, an independent insurance agency based out of Chesterfield, VA. Their primary focus is auto, home, and life insurance, as well as business and church insurance. But Thurston and Heare Insurance is more than that to the community. Members of the community praise Rob as an excellent leader and role model for families, and a reminder that its never too late to build a better life.
Small business owners bring incredible support to our local economies, but they play an integral part in our communities too. Behind many business owners is a story of hard work, bold ideas, and dreams to make a better life for their families and communities. Our economy and our communities are healthy when small businesses are growing, thriving, innovating, and creating value and jobs. That is why Ive made it a priority to support policies that empower small business to do what they do best. You can read about my work on my website.
http://forbes.house.gov/issues/issue/?IssueID=2321
Next time you are shopping locally, I encourage you to take a moment to simply say thank you to a small business owner in your neighborhood. We want to hear the success stories of business in your community, too. Share them with us on Facebook using the hashtag #4thDistrictFriday and we will continue to feature them on our page.
Published online, here:
http://www.progress-index.com/article/20150601/NEWS/150609991/0/SEARCH
Home
|
Contact
|
Forward to a Friend
|
Unsubscribe
|
Subscribe
|
Privacy
|
Office Locations
Please do not reply to this message. This email address does not accept incoming messages. To send an email,
click here .
Click Here Click Here