 to preemptively mount our defense of home rule against anticipated congressional attacks during the fiscal year 2016 appropriations process.
Facing an all-Republican Congress for the first time in seven years, we expect the strongest attack ever on the District of Columbia and its local laws.
Republicans may try to block D.C.'s laws on gun safety, needle exchange, reproductive rights, workplace equality, LGBT student educational equality, and marijuana reform.
Thankfully, we have a strong national coalition that is mobilizing its millions of members to alert the constituents of House and Senate Members that our local jurisdiction is being imperiled through an undemocratic intervention.
I warned all Republican Members of the House that I will force roll call votes on each and every rider targeting D.C. laws.
There will be no hiding from the folks back home for Members who infringe on the democratic rights of our local citizens.
Pushing Back Against Increased Flights at Reagan National and Neighborhood Airplane Noise
I had a busy week fighting against increased airplane traffic and noise from flights at Reagan National Airport.
I hosted a standing-room only community meeting with residents from the Palisades, Foxhall, and Hillandale, and Georgetown neighborhoods, and Federal Aviation Administration (FAA) and Metropolitan Washington Airports Authority officials to allow residents to ask questions and help me demand action on airplane flight paths and times.
Neighbors shared their countless sleepless nights, with airplanes arriving and departing as late as midnight and as early as 5:00 a.m.
The meeting produced a comprehensive set of next steps.
I will publish soon and distribute a summary of the meeting and promises made, and will continue to press the FAA at House Aviation Subcommittee hearings on reauthorization now underway.
I also joined members of the Virginia congressional delegation in urging the Congress not to exacerbate overburdened operations at Reagan National Airport by adding more flight traffic in the 2015 Federal Aviation Administration (FAA) reauthorization bill.
The federal government has invested billions of dollars in Dulles for longer distance flights but there are many more flights at much smaller Reagan than at Dulles today.
I am determined to achieve the balance that Congress mandated from the Metropolitan Washington Airports Authority.
For D.C., the critically important reason to limit flights at Regan of course is airplane noise, which is hurting our local communities.
d last 12-18 months.
I have fought for over 20 years to make this historic site a reality like the George Washington and Frederick Douglas' homes.
I asked the President to include $3.2 million for the restoration and got House and Senate appropriators to include the funds in the fiscal year 2014 appropriations bill, the majority of the $5.6 million contract.
The remainder comes from a variety of NPS funding sources.
Dr. Woodson was the father of Black history and his work will be honored and appreciated in the house where he lived and worked.
Because of his importance to African American history, the site is likely to become a new popular tourist destination for our city.
Improving White House Security Without Hurting Public Access
I appreciate the announcement from the U.S. Secret Service and the National Park Service that they would begin implementing temporary security enhancements to the White House complex , including removable steel spikes that will be added to the top of the White House fence to prevent individuals from climbing the fence.
The Secret Service informed me that the new security will continue to allow public access, which has been a major issue I have urged since the fence-jumping incidents.
In addition, temporary pop-up barriers, like those on Independence Avenue, will replace the ugly concrete barriers at E Street NW at the rear of the White House.
It is important that these temporary changes balance security concerns with public access, considering that the front of the White House is one of the most important First Amendment spaces in the city.
Visit my website, www.norton.house.gov , regularly for updates
Follow me on Twitter
Friend me on Facebook
Subscribe on YouTube
Please click here to unsubscribe
doctype html
Congresswoman Norton&#8217;s e-Newsletter
Monday, May 11, 2015
Standing Strong with Mayor Bowser and National Organizations to Defend D.C. from Congressional Attacks
Last week, Mayor Muriel Bowser and representatives from our home-rule coalition of national organizations
joined me for a press conference on Capitol Hill
to preemptively mount our defense of home rule against anticipated congressional attacks during the fiscal year 2016 appropriations process.
Facing an all-Republican Congress for the first time in seven
years, we expect the strongest attack ever on the District of Columbia and its local laws.
Republicans may try to block D.C.&#8217;s laws on gun safety, needle exchange, reproductive rights, workplace equality, LGBT student educational equality, and marijuana reform.
Thankfully, we have a strong national coalition that is mobilizing its millions of members to alert the constituents of House and Senate Members that our local jurisdiction is being imperiled through an undemocratic intervention.
I warned all Republican Members
of the House that I will force roll call votes on each and every rider targeting D.C. laws.
There will be no hiding from the folks back home for Members who infringe on the democratic rights of our local citizens.
Pushing Back Against Increased Flights at Reagan National and Neighborhood Airplane Noise
I had a busy week fighting against increased airplane traffic and noise from flights at Reagan National Airport.
I hosted a standing-room only community meeting with residents from the Palisades, Foxhall, and Hillandale, and Georgetown neighborhoods, and Federal
Aviation Administration (FAA) and Metropolitan Washington Airports Authority officials to allow residents to ask questions and help me demand action on airplane flight paths and times.
Neighbors shared their countless sleepless nights, with airplanes arriving
and departing as late as midnight and as early as 5:00 a.m.
The meeting produced a comprehensive set of next steps.
I will publish soon and distribute a summary of the meeting and promises made, and will continue to press the FAA at House Aviation Subcommittee
hearings on reauthorization now underway.
I also joined members of the Virginia congressional delegation in urging the Congress not to exacerbate overburdened operations at Reagan National Airport by adding more flight traffic in the 2015 Federal Aviation Administration (FAA) reauthorization bill.
The federal government has invested billions of dollars in Dulles for longer distance flights but there are many more flights at much smaller Reagan than at Dulles today.
I am determined to achieve the balance that Congress mandated from the Metropolitan
Washington Airports Authority.
For D.C., the critically important reason to limit flights at Regan of course is airplane noise, which is hurting our local communities.
d last 12-18 months.
I have fought for over 20 years to make this historic site a reality like the George Washington and Frederick Douglas&#8217; homes.
I asked the President to include $3.2 million for the restoration and got House and Senate appropriators to
include the funds in the fiscal year 2014 appropriations bill, the majority of the $5.6 million contract.
The remainder comes from a variety of NPS funding sources.
Dr. Woodson was the father of Black history and his work will be honored and appreciated
in the house where he lived and worked.
Because of his importance to African American history, the site is likely to become a new popular tourist destination for our city.
Improving White House Security Without Hurting Public Access
I appreciate the announcement from the U.S. Secret Service and the National Park Service that they would begin implementing temporary
security enhancements to the White House complex , including removable steel spikes that will be added to the top of the White House fence to prevent individuals from climbing the fence.
The Secret Service informed me that the new security will continue
to allow public access, which has been a major issue I have urged since the fence-jumping incidents.
In addition, temporary pop-up barriers, like those on Independence Avenue, will replace the ugly concrete barriers at E Street NW at the rear of the White
House.
It is important that these temporary changes balance security concerns with public access, considering that the front of the White House is one of the most important First Amendment spaces in the city.
Visit my website,
www.norton.house.gov , regularly for updates
Follow me on
Twitter
Friend me on
Facebook
Subscribe on
YouTube
Please click here
to unsubscribe
Thanks for subscribing!
Follow Congresswoman Norton on
Facebook ,
Twitter ,
Instagram ,
YouTube , or her
website
for more updates.
Capitol Hill Office
2136 Rayburn HOB
Washington, D.C. 20515
Phone: (202) 225-8050
Fax: (202) 225-3002
S.E. District Office
2041 Martin Luther King Jr. Ave., S.E.
Washington, D.C. 20020
Phone: (202) 678-8900
Fax: (202) 678-8844
Main District Office
90 K Street, N.E., Suite 100
Washington DC 20001
Phone: (202) 408-9041
Fax: (202) 408-9048
To unsubscribe from our list, please click here .
