
Dear Friends,
The Columbia River is the lifeblood of the Pacific Northwest, providing energy, food, jobs and recreation, but it&rsquo;s become dangerously polluted.
Toxics present throughout the Columbia Basin &ndash; home to approximately eight million people &ndash; are harmful to humans and wildlife. These contaminants make their way into fish tissue, and when consumed, can be harmful to human health. Recent fish advisories in the Columbia River reveal that toxicity levels have reached dangerous levels. Bans on fish consumption are hurting the fishing industry and increase risks for tribal populations who consume resident fish. High concentrations of toxins in the river also increase fish mortality. This is taking a toll and undermining efforts to regenerate depleted fish stocks.
We need to stop treating the Columbia River like a machine. Let&rsquo;s work to restore this important river.
Senator Jeff Merkley and I, joined by Senator Ron Wyden and Representatives Suzanne Bonamici and Peter DeFazio, recently
introduced
the
Columbia River Basin Restoration Act
to reduce pollution to improve the water quality of the Columbia.
This legislation would establish the Columbia River Basin Restoration Program and a stakeholder working group to provide for scientific study, monitoring of toxics, and restoration of the Columbia River. It would authorize the EPA to award voluntary, competitive Columbia River Basin grants with funding for projects to reduce pollution, clean up contaminated sites, improve water quality, and promote citizen engagement. These restoration efforts will also create between 700 and 1,000 family wage jobs a year in the region for construction workers, biologists and others.
Improving the health of the Columbia is critical to Oregon and the Pacific Northwest, and I&rsquo;ll be working with other members of the Northwest delegation to advance this legislation.
Sincerely,
Earl Blumenauer
Member of Congress
Please do not respond to this email.
Click here to contact me .
District Office
&bull; 911 N.E. 11th Avenue
&bull; Suite 200 &bull; Portland, OR 97232 &bull; Phone: (503) 231-2300
Washington D.C. Office
&bull; 1111 Longworth Building &bull; Washington, DC 20515 &bull; Phone: (202) 225-4811
Unsubscribe
