
If you are having trouble viewing
this message or would like to share it on a social network, you can
view the message
online .
Home
Contact Me
About
Services
News
Issues
June 14, 2015
Dear
David,
Behind every man and woman in uniform
keeping our country safe are husbands, wives, mothers, fathers, brothers,
sisters, sons, daughters, and other family members who make sacrifices
as well. Yesterday, I attended the dedication of the Minnesota Military
Family Tribute that now is part of the capitol mall area in St. Paul
at our State Capitol. Built entirely with private donations, it
commemorates military Gold Star, Blue Star, and veteran families. Be sure to
visit sometime -- it's important to recognize and thank our military
families.
In addition, I also helped kick off the Stop the
Trafficking 5K run in Eden Prairie where funds were raised to help
combat the horrific crime of sex trafficking. Working to protect victims
of trafficking continues to be a priority for me, and it's
inspiring to see so many young people committed to raising money and
awareness. My legislation that I worked on with Senator Klobuchar to
expand 'safe harbor' laws was signed into law a few weeks ago by the
President.
If I can be of help to you or your family, dont hesitate to give my
office a call. Join the conversation online by visiting my
website ,
Facebook page ,
Twitter , and don't forget to watch my weekly video,
Erik's Correspondence Corner .
Sincerely,
Erik Paulsen
Member of Congress
Military Working Dog
Adoptions
Since World War II, America's military working dogs have
served on the frontlines of battlefields with our troops and have
saved countless soldiers' lives. So, it's no
surprise that American service members form strong bonds with their canine partners and
seek to adopt the dogs after their service comes to an
end.
However, under current law, the Department of Defense is not required
to bring these dogs home, and service members are often forced to
spend their own money to transport the dogs to the U.S. for adoption.
Despite a military dog adoption waiting list of more than 1,200 people,
many service dogs are still retired overseas after their service ends.
That's why I'm authoring bipartisan legislation, the
Military
Working Dog Retirement Act , that would fix this problem by requring
military dogs to be retired in the United States. Allowing soldiers to
easily adopt these dogs so they are reunited is a small step to honor
their service and partnership.
You can see video of
me speaking about this legislation on the House floor
here .
Protecting the Internet from
Taxation
The internet is a positive force for innovation, education, and is
a driver of our economy. Recognizing that the internet is a necessity
for so many, in the early 1990s Congress banned state and local taxes
from being applied to online access on a temporary basis. Taxing
access to the world wide web would mean higher costs and barriers for
hard-working families. With the tax ban once again set to expire, the
House passed the
Permanent Tax Freedom Act
to permanently
ensure that local and state governments can't impose a tax on internet
service.
Ensuring Patient Access to
Speech Generating Technology
Access to technology like Speech
Generating Devices is critical for those afflicted with ALS and other
neurological and degenerative diseases. These devices allow patients to
communicate with friends and family after they have lost the ability
to speak. However, proposals by the agency that oversees Medicare have
threatened this access for thousands of Americans. Legislation I am
co-authoring, the
Steve Gleason Act , would ensure that those
with ALS can continue to be able to use this important technology. This
past week the bill was approved by the Ways and Means Committee and
it's expected to be on the House floor soon.
Erik suits up in a Chaska Cubs jersey for the Congressional
Baseball Game.
Congressman Paulsen chats with a Vietnam veteran and his wife
at the Minnesota Military Family Tribute dedication in St.
Paul.
Erik takes a 'selfie' with more than 170 Eden Prairie 8th graders on the
Capitol steps.
Congressman
Paulsen with Senator Klobuchar at the Stop the Trafficking 5K Run in
Eden Prairie.
###
Unsubscribe
|
Update My Profile
|
Privacy Policy
gateway mail end
