
If you are having trouble viewing this
message or would like to share it on a social network, you can
view the message online .
About Lynn
|
Constituent Services
|
Issues
|
Media Center
|
Legislative
Center
|
Georgia's Third District
|
Contact Me
June 07, 2015
Westmoreland Announces Mobile Office Hours in Columbus and
Hogansville
My staff will be holding mobile office hours on
Thursday, June 24th in Columbus and Hogansville. My district office is
permanently located in Newnan, and the mobile office hours serve as an
opportunity for constituents to speak with a representative from my
office in a location closer to their home. Constituents may attend the
mobile office hours to gather more information on the services the
district office provides, and how to get help with a federal
agency.
Navigating the federal government
can be confusing, and I want people to know that my staff is here to
help. My Newnan office works hard to serve as an advocate for you and
can assist with the claims process. I encourage anyone with questions
to attend these mobile office hours in Columbus and Hogansville and
learn how we can better serve
you.
The Columbus mobile office hours will be held by my Field
Representative Theresa Robertson, and the Hogansville office hours will be held by
Field Representative Matt
Brass.
Columbus Office Hours with Theresa
Robertson
Thursday, June 24th, 2015
9:30am
12:00pm
Columbus Chamber of Commerce
1200 6th
Avenue
Columbus, GA
31901
Hogansville Office Hours with Matt
Brass
Thursday, June 24th, 2015
9:30am
12:00pm
Hogansville City Hall
400 East Main
Street
Hogansville, GA
30230
If you are unable to attend these office hours and need help with a
federal agency or have more questions, please contact my Newnan District
Office at 770-683-2033 or visit
www.Westmoreland.House.gov .
Share on
Facebook
Share on Twitter
House Protects Farmers From Abusive Government
Lawsuits
Yesterday, the U.S. House of Representatives
passed H.R. 2578
FY16 Commerce, Justice, Science Appropriations Act,
which reduces funding for the corrupt Legal Services Corporation. H.R.
2578 cuts the funding of the Legal Services Corporation by $75 million
to a total of $300 million for FY16, reducing their topline funding by
20% and 23% from field programs. The Legal Services Corporation has
not been re-authorized by Congress since 1980, and I believe this is a
step forward in reigning in the Legal Services Corporation and getting
them back to their directed
initiative.
Legal Services Corporation is a private, nonprofit,
federally funded corporation established in 1974 that helps provide legal
assistance to low-income people in civil matters; however its become a
source of federally-funded harassment to the agriculture industry.
Many of the lawsuits are filed by migrant workers and result in farmers
being strong-armed by Legal Services. Lawsuits by Legal Services range
from problems related to housing, transportation, payment issues
related to work visas and applications, border crossing fees, etc.
and do
not allow for the farmer and migrant worker to attempt
arbitration.
I have met with
Georgias hardworking farmers, ranchers and poultry producers, and in their
eyes, the main focus of the Legal Services Corporation is unwarranted
and frivolous lawsuits. Legal Services does nothing more than abuse our
legal system, drive up cost of business for agriculture, and takes
advantage of migrant workers. The worst part is the Legal Services
lawsuits dont allow for farmers and workers to find a resolution outside
court, meaning farmers are forced to pay expensive legal fees to defend
their business.
Cutting the
Legal Service's Corporations budget chips away at their power to file
frivolous lawsuits against American taxpayers using precious tax
dollars. These petty violations should not be taken to court
unnecessarily and especially not at taxpayer expense. Keeping Legal Services off
the backs of Georgias agricultural industry means we can encourage
job stability for legal citizens, keep food prices down, and keep our
farmers in business. I will continue to work to rein in the Legal
Services Corporation and cutting its budget by twenty percent is a solid
step forward.
Share on
Facebook
Share on Twitter
Join the
Conversation
Tell a
Friend
E-mail:
In Other
News
Laying Down the L.A.W. Blog: Westmoreland
Questions Witnesses at FSC Ex-Im Hearing
On Wednesday,
June 3rd, 2015, Representative Westmoreland questioned the witnesses at
the House Financial Services Committee hearing entitled, "Examining
the Export-Import Banks Reauthorization Request and the Governments
Role in Export Financing...
Newnan
Times-Herald: Westmoreland Takes Tour Of InComm
Facility
On Monday, Rep. Lynn Westmoreland visited InComms Newnan warehouse
distribution facility to learn about the companys operations in Coweta
County and to meet with employees
House Permanent Select Committee on Intelligence: Nunes,
Westmoreland Comment on OPM Cyberattack
House Permanent
Select Committee on Intelligence Chairman Devin Nunes and NSA and
Cybersecurity Subcommittee Chairman Lynn Westmoreland issued the following
statements today in response to the cyberattack on the Office of
Personnel Management...
The
Washington Free Beacon: CNN Poll: Majority of Americans Approve of
Republicans Handling of Benghazi
A new
CNN Opinion Research Corporation Poll
revealed 51 percent of
Americans approve of the way Republicans have handled the hearings on
Benghazi...
Newnan
Times-Herald: GA Tourism Industry Generates Record
Impact
Last week, the Georgia Department of Economic Developments tourism
division announced that the states tourism industry generated $57.1
billion in business sales, including direct, indirect and induced impact in
2014, up 6.7 percent, according to the U.S. Travel Association and
Tourism Economics...
WASHINGTON, DC
OFFICE 2202 Rayburn House Office Bldg Washington, DC
20515 Phone (202) 225-5901 Fax (202) 225-2515
THIRD DISTRICT OFFICE
1601-B East Highway 34 Newnan, Georgia 30265 Phone
(770) 683-2033 Fax (770) 683-2042
Unsubscribe
|
Update My Profile
|
Privacy
Policy
