
Friday June 12, 2015
WEBSITE
|
FORWARD TO A FRIEND
| SHARE ON:
What a Week!
Dear Friend ,
This week in Congress we voted on granting President Obama the Trade Promotion Authority (TPA) to negotiate the Trans-Pacific Partnership (TPP) with eleven other countries. I voted against it because I am not ready to support a deal unless we are certain that the United States will remain highly competitive through a better-prepared workforce and modernized infrastructure.
I have been calling upon the Administration to make sure that any trade agreement includes adequate job training for America's workforce.
A good trade deal would have to guarantee that education is prioritized throughout our country. Quality education leads to quality jobs. Tomorrow's jobs will require a college degree and training for a changing and evolving workplace.
A sensible deal would also address our crumbling infrastructure. We must modernize our rail and highway systems to improve the transportation of people, goods and services throughout the country. It didnt make sense to gamble on a deal without securing tools that will allow America to remain a world leader. This can happen only when we make the American people a priority and take the necessary steps to enhance our workforce and transportation system, which is the greatest investment we can make in our future.
Click here to read my full op-ed
AGOA, Aid for Haiti and other Trade Preferences Passes House
Also this week, the House of Representatives passed H.R. 1295 Trade Preference Extension Act on a vote of 397-32.As the prime author of African Growth and Opportunity Act (AGOA) I am extremely proud to have worked on this bicameral and bipartisan legislation that will extend AGOA as well as preferences not only for African countries, but also for Haiti and other developing countries.
Since it was enacted in 2000, AGOA has been the cornerstone of U.S. trade policy with sub-Saharan Africa, and has been a true success. AGOA has further contributed to diversification and competitiveness of sub-Saharan Africa's economies and supports hundreds of thousands of jobs across the continent.
We have modified and improved AGOA and renewed it for 10 years. This bill ensures predictability for producers, consumers and investors
Click above to watch my full remarks on the House Floor
The H.R. 1295 Trade Preference Extension Act also renews the HOPE and HELP programs for products from Haiti until September 30, 2025. This will hopefully encourage foreign investment and job creation in Haiti. Haiti is still recovering from a major earthquake and this bill will help them attract the capital they need to rebuild.
Sincerely,
Charles Rangel
Happy Birthday Surprises
I want to thank everyone for all the well wishes and for the surprises on my birthday. Im truly touched by the outpouring of support from friends old and new. I am proud to be 85 years young, keeping healthy and active so I can keep fighting hard for you in Congress.
Click here to watch my congressional colleagues sing me Happy Birthday
and
to
see my staff surprise me with cake and balloons !
Don't forget to follow me on Periscope ( @cbrangel ) to watch live broadcasted events.
U.S. Army's 240th Birthday
On June 14th we celebrate the 240th Birthday of the United State Army. I commend and thank all those who have served to secure our shores and fight for freedom. As a proud Army Veteran I know firsthand the sacrifices our men and women in uniform make every day, and will keep working hard to take care of them both on and off the battlefield.
UPDATE SUBSCRIPTION OPTIONS
|
PRIVACY POLICY
|
CONTACT US
D.C. Office:
2354 Rayburn HOB
Washington, DC 20515
P: 202-225-4365
F: 202-225-0816
New York Office:
163 West 125th St., Suite #737
New York, NY 10027
Phone: 212-663-3900
Fax: 212-663-4277
Click Here Click Here