
June 12, 2015
Website
Forward to a friend
Follow me on:
Dear Neighbor,
After the launch our district-wide Job Creation Listening Tour earlier this year, I have been working to put into action some of the things we learned from the community.
Since then, I have published a report on our findings which you'll find below and have introduced two pieces of legislation in the House of Representatives that I believe will help spur job growth in the Inland Empire and throughout the country.
Read on for more information and for a link to a questionnaire where I hope you'll let me know what you think so far.
I look forward to hearing from you!
Sincerely,
Norma J. Torres
Member of Congress
In today's Update:
Jobs Plan
Regional Infrastructure Accelerator Act
JOBS Act
Tell me what you think!
Jobs
Plan
Last month, I released A Roadmap to Economic Resilience in the Inland Empire,
a comprehensive plan to create jobs and grow the Inland Empire economy.
The report was the product of a district-wide listening tour where I met with local economic leaders, education professionals, employees, and business owners to discuss the challenges facing the Inland Empire economy and their ideas for jumpstarting economic growth.
The report focuses on four key areas in growing the local economy: investing in the regions infrastructure, developing the Inland Empires workforce, helping small businesses succeed, and diversifying the local economy.
I believe the recommendations we developed are essential to bringing quality, high-paying jobs to our community and ensuring a lasting economic recovery for us all.
You can read the full report, including all of our recommendations
here .
Regional
Infrastructure accelerator act
The first bill I introduced following our report was H.R. 2485, the Regional Infrastructure Accelerator Act, which will connect finance and infrastructure professionals with local and state governments to provide them with the technical expertise and pre-development capital needed to attract private investment.
The bill was modeled after the West Coast Infrastructure Exchange and inspired by successful public-private partnerships like the Rialto Water Services project.
It will help communities both large and small get access to the money they need to build and maintain our nation's roads, bridges, and water systems.
Click
here
for more information.
JOBS
ACT
If we want to keep high-skilled manufacturing jobs in the U.S., we need to make sure job seekers are trained in the skills employers demand.
This is why this past week I introduced H.R. 2601, the Job Opportunities between Our Shores (JOBS) Act, a bill that will connect educational institutions with manufacturers so that dislocated workers get the training and skills they need to find new jobs in growing industries.
Here in the Inland Empire, we've seen the successful partnership between Chaffey College and California Steel Industries, and I believe this can be replicated and expanded throughout Southern California and the country through the creation of a new pilot program to make sure American workers are able to stay ahead of the curve.
You can read more about this bill
here .
tell me what you think!
It's been six months since I started my work in Congress, and I'd love to get your feedback on some of my work so far.
Click
HERE
to share your thoughts.
Washington, DC Office
516 Cannon House Office Building
Washington, DC 20515
Phone: (202) 225-6161
Fax: (202) 225-8671
Ontario Office
3200 Inland Empire Blvd., Suite 200B
Ontario, CA 91764
Phone: (909) 481-6474
Fax: (909) 941-1362
WEBSITE
|
UNSUBSCRIBE
|
CONTACT
Click Here Click Here