
If you are having trouble viewing this message or would
like to share it on a social network, you can
view the message online .
About
Lynn
|
Constituent Services
|
Issues
|
Media Center
|
Legislative Center
|
Georgia's
Third District
|
Contact Me
June 21, 2015
Former Clinton Aide
Appears Before Benghazi
Committee
Tuesday, the U.S. House of Representatives Select
Committee on Benghazi deposed former Clinton adviser and longtime friend,
Sidney Blumenthal. Mr. Blumenthal was called before the committee due to
a large number of emails regarding Libya to former Secretary of State
Hillary Clinton. Typical to a witness deposition, Mr. Blumenthals
testimony was taken private and closed to the public. I attended the
deposition, and noted the significance of Mr. Blumenthals forthcoming of
60 new emails with Secretary Clinton that she failed to produce to the
State Department or the State Department failed to produce to the
Select Committee.
Mr. Blumenthals
emails to Secretary Clinton included unvetted and illegitimate
intelligence, and were sourced from a former CIA official, Tyler Drumheller,
who may have financial interests in Libya. Mr. Blumenthals deposition
also raises questions as to why these emails discussing Libya with
Secretary Clinton were not included in the emails she was required to
turn over to the State Department, and why she continued to forward them
onto her staff without she, nor Mr. Blumenthal, knowing their
credibility. As the Committee patiently waits for the State Department to turn
over all the documents associated with the Benghazi attack, the 120
pages of new emails Mr. Blumenthal shed new light on former Secretary
Clintons unusual arrangement with her official communications
regarding Benghazi, Libya. The Select Committee remains dedicated to finding
all the facts, and we will continue to search for the whole
truth.
Share on Facebook
Share on
Twitter
Happy Father's
Day
I love these kids more and more each day, and I am so
blessed to be their parents father and their PawPaw. Join me in wishing a
Happy Fathers Day to all the fathers and grandfathers in Georgia
and across the nation
Share on
Facebook
Share on Twitter
Join the
Conversation
Tell a
Friend
E-mail:
In Other
News
The Atlanta
Journal-Constitution: House moves fast-track bill, with most Georgia Republicans on
board
Westmoreland said the process was the reason
for his no, as he had no substantive problems with TPA. He took issue
with Speaker John Boehner working with moderate House Democrats and
Senate leaders to make sure the package can pass the upper
chamber...
Politico: Blumenthal says he
didnt write Libya intel he sent Clinton
[Said Rep.
Lynn Westmoreland (R-Ga.),] I dont have reason not to believe him,
but it just sounds awfully strange that somebody would be sending you
these emails unsolicited and then you
not knowing anything about where
the information was coming from, if it was accurate
that you would
forward it to the secretary of state with no commentary of, I dont
know if this is accurate...
WASHINGTON, DC
OFFICE 2202 Rayburn House Office
Bldg Washington, DC 20515 Phone (202) 225-5901 Fax (202) 225-2515
THIRD DISTRICT OFFICE
1601-B East Highway 34 Newnan, Georgia
30265 Phone (770) 683-2033 Fax (770) 683-2042
Unsubscribe
|
Update My Profile
|
Privacy
Policy
