
May 15, 2015
Using the Power of the Purse to Rein in the Federal Government
Dear Neighbor,
In my new assignment as Chairman of the CJS Appropriations Subcommittee, I am working to ensure that federal agencies under my jurisdiction uphold the law as written by Congress
not as the President wishes they were written.
If federal agencies want our hard-earned tax dollars, they will have to carry out the law as Congress intended, respect the Constitutional authority granted to the States, and live within their means.
This week, my Subcommittee passed
a fiscal year 2016 funding bill
for the Departments of Commerce and Justice, NASA, NSF and other related agencies that ensures our hard-earned tax dollars are spent where they are needed most and cuts funding from programs where the federal government has no role. We cut 35 programs that are no longer necessary and we froze or reduced funding for more than a dozen bureaus, agencies and programs that can operate more efficiently.
These savings allowed us to provide funding for 55 new immigration judges and support staff along the southern border.
This will reduce the growing backlog of immigration cases and protect the rule of law by ensuring people who are here illegally are quickly adjudicated and sent back to their home countries.
It also allowed us to increase investment in our U.S. Attorneys, Marshals, DEA and ATF agents and others who sit on the front lines of our immigration and criminal justice systems.
The FBI earned the biggest increases in funding because they are often the first line of defense against terrorists, cyber criminals, and other criminals who wish us harm. Our enemies have discovered you can hard-wire Trojan horses into communications equipment, modems, routers, computer systems, and they are very difficult to detect. The FBI has become expert in spotting these threats, and the bill contains language that requires federal agencies to consult with the FBI before they invest in new computer systems.
By using the power of the purse, we can prioritize spending where it matters most, reduce the size and scope of the federal government and stop President Obama and his damaging policies.
Rest assured, I will continue to use my position on the Appropriations Committee and my seat in Congress to protect our rights and defend the rule of law.
If you would like to learn more about the funding bill passed by the CJS Subcommittee, you can click
here .
As always, thank you for entrusting me with the privilege of representing you and Texas in the United States Congress.
Sincerely,
John Culberson
Tell a Friend
Forward this email
to a friend.
E-mail Updates
Yes, please periodically
send me e-mail updates.
Multimedia
To view the latest video of Congressman Culberson,
click here .
NOTE: Please DO NOT respond to this email as this inbox is unattended. To contact my office please
click here
UNSUBSCRIBE
|
PRIVACY POLICY
|
CONTACT US
Click Here Click Here