
Official Site
Constituent Services
News
Contact
U.S. Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell&rsquo;s eNewsletter - - Week of May 4, 2015
Recognizing the 70th Anniversary of V-E Day
McConnell: &lsquo;It was a victory that liberated millions, but it was a victory won at a terrible cost: the lives of countless young American and Allied soldiers, including thousands of Kentuckians&rsquo;
On Friday, our nation recognized the 70th Anniversary of Victory in Europe (V-E Day). Senator McConnell marked the anniversary, saying, &ldquo;The fall of the Third Reich and the end of the war in Europe represented a momentous victory for our country and the world. It was a victory that liberated millions, but it was a victory won at a terrible cost: the lives of countless young American and Allied soldiers, including thousands of Kentuckians. We will remain forever indebted to the brave veterans who helped make that outcome possible. It&rsquo;s a debt I&rsquo;m reminded of every time I have the privilege of meeting with groups of Honor Flight veterans during their visits to the World War II Memorial in Washington. As World War II recedes further into the past, sadly, we are losing more of these living legends. The passage of time makes it all the more important that we thank these heroes for their service before it&rsquo;s too late.&rdquo;
The Arsenal of Democracy honored the 70th Anniversary of V-E Day with a World War II Victory Capitol Flyover featuring warbirds representing major battles. Click
HERE
to read more.
The following
photos
were taken by the office of the Architect of the Capitol during the flyover.
Click the image below to view coverage of the flyover by C-SPAN.
Senators McConnell and Paul Introduce Bourbon Bill on 51st Anniversary of Congressional Bourbon Resolution
AGED Spirits Act is a pro-growth measure that will help provide a boost to our economy and help create jobs in Kentucky
On Monday, Senators McConnell and Paul introduced
The Advancing Growth in the Economy through Distilled (AGED) Spirits Act , which would correct a provision in the tax code to ensure that Kentucky&rsquo;s Bourbon producers are no longer at a disadvantage with their global competitors. Monday, May 4th, was also the 51st anniversary of Congress designating Bourbon as a distinctive product of America.
Senator McConnell said, &ldquo;Kentucky produces 95 percent of the world&rsquo;s Bourbon supply. Over 15,000 jobs in Kentucky are attributed to the Bourbon industry and it brings in billions of dollars to our state&rsquo;s economy. This legislation will not only put Kentucky&rsquo;s Bourbon industry on a level playing field with its competitors, but it is a pro-growth measure that will also help provide a boost to our economy and help create jobs in Kentucky.&rdquo;
Click
HERE
to read more about the Senators&rsquo; legislation from an
Associated Press
report printed in the
Lexington Herald-Leader .
Bipartisan Trade Bill a Boon to American Farmers, Manufacturers, Small Business Owners
Throughout the week, Senator McConnell spoke on the Senate Floor regarding the
Bipartisan Congressional Trade Priorities and Accountability Act , legislation that would hold the Administration accountable by issuing specific trade objectives so that better opportunities for American goods, American crops, and American workers are cultivated.
Click the image below to view the Senator&rsquo;s floor remarks on Wednesday.
On Tuesday, Senator McConnell and GOP Senators hosted a media stakeout in the U.S. Capitol and spoke about how passage of the bipartisan trade bill would enhance U.S. economic leadership.
McConnell Helps Kentucky Habitat for Humanity Secure Federal Assistance
KY Habitat for Humanity: &lsquo;Whenever [we have] reached out to Senator McConnell for his support, he has always been there.&rsquo;
On Monday, Senator McConnell announced the U.S. Department of Agriculture (USDA) approved a request to provide funding to help Kentucky Habitat for Humanity (KyHFH) continue its important work in the Commonwealth. Senator McConnell contacted the USDA on behalf of KyHFH in support of its application.
&ldquo;I was happy to work with officials at the Kentucky Habitat for Humanity in support of their competitive grant, and am pleased USDA has acknowledged the importance of this organization,&rdquo;
Senator McConnell said.
&ldquo;The funding will be used to help the organization provide construction equipment and technical assistance for Habitat affiliates in rural Kentucky in an effort to expand and improve affordable housing options.&rdquo;
Mary Shearer, Executive Director of Kentucky Habitat for Humanity, said,
&ldquo;KyHFH and our affiliates want to express our sincere thanks to Senator McConnell for the letter he wrote to the USDA in support of our application. Whenever KyHFH has reached out to Senator McConnell for his support, he has always been there&hellip;Thank you Sen. McConnell, on behalf of our 51 Habitat affiliates in 59 Kentucky counties and the hundreds of families we serve on an annual basis.&rdquo;
McConnell Helps Provide Support for Economic Development in Southeast Kentucky
On Wednesday, Senator McConnell announced that the U.S. Department of Agriculture (USDA) approved a request to provide funding to help the Foundation for Appalachian Kentucky, based in Perry County. The competitive federal grant will be used to help the Foundation provide training for economic development programs in eastern Kentucky. Senator McConnell contacted the USDA on behalf of the Foundation in support of its application.
Senator McConnell said,
&ldquo;This is great news for the community, and I was happy to work with the Foundation for Appalachian Kentucky to help make this happen&hellip;to support economic development projects serving 43 counties in rural areas of southeast Kentucky.&rdquo;
Gerry Roll, Executive Director of the Foundation for Appalachian Kentucky, said,
&ldquo;We are grateful for the support and encouragement we have received from Senator McConnell on behalf of this project.&rdquo;
McConnell Helps Eastern Kentucky Secure New Competitive Federal Grant
Grant Will Fund Employment Job Training Program
On Thursday, Senator McConnell announced the U.S. Department of Labor (DOL) approved a federal grant for the Eastern Kentucky Concentrated Employment Program (EKCEP) to continue its services to assist individuals who lost their jobs as a result of the decline in the coal industry. Earlier this year, Senator McConnell wrote a letter to the U.S. Secretary of Labor in support of EKCEP&rsquo;s efforts.
&ldquo;EKCEP is doing great work assisting Kentucky coal miners and others seeking employment and training opportunities,&rdquo;
Senator McConnell said.
&ldquo;I was pleased to work with EKCEP Executive Director Jeff Whitehead to ensure these funds come to Kentucky for this critical program that is helping eastern Kentuckians struggling under this Administration&rsquo;s War on Coal.&rdquo;
EKCEP Executive Director Jeff Whitehead said,
&ldquo;Senator Mitch McConnell is a champion for Eastern Kentuckians, and we at EKCEP certainly appreciate what his steadfast support makes possible&hellip;the new grant from the U.S. Department of Labor will fund efforts to bring critical services like expert career advising, job placement assistance, and training referral and enrollment to additional unemployed Eastern Kentuckians affected by the region's economic downturn&hellip;&rdquo;
Click
HERE
to read a news report from WYMT-TV in Hazard, Kentucky.
Welcome to Washington, D.C.
On Tuesday, Senator McConnell congratulated the Prudential Spirit of Community Award winners from Burkesville and Louisville for their outstanding community service in Kentucky. Click
HERE
to read more about the honor.
Also on Tuesday, Senator McConnell addressed leaders of the Kentucky Association of Electric Cooperatives during their National Legislative Conference in Washington, D.C.
On Thursday, Brian Riendeau, the Executive Director of Dare to Care Food Bank in Louisville, Kentucky, testified before the U.S. Senate Agriculture, Nutrition and Forestry Committee. Mr. Riendeau spoke about the importance of summer and afterschool programs in addressing child hunger in our country.
Also this week, Senator McConnell welcomed to his office in the U.S. Capitol, Jacque Van Houten with Jefferson County Public Schools in Louisville.
If you&rsquo;re planning a trip to Washington, D.C., please check out Senator McConnell's
website
and visit his office while you are in town. Every week, Senator McConnell welcomes to his office in the U.S. Capitol many Kentuckians from across the Commonwealth visiting D.C. to meet with Senator McConnell and discuss issues of importance to Kentucky. Also, the Senator&rsquo;s office has information on tours, places to visit and local restaurants to help make your trip to the nation&rsquo;s capital one to remember.
Keeping Up With Senator McConnell
Keep up with the latest news and alerts from our nation&rsquo;s capital as well as updates on things happening in Kentucky by becoming a fan of Senator McConnell&rsquo;s
Facebook
page, and get the latest news from Senator McConnell&rsquo;s Press Office on Twitter at
@McConnellPress
and on Instagram at
@McConnellPress .
For a more behind-the-scenes view of the Senate Majority Leader's office, be sure to follow
@SenateMajLdr
on Twitter and
@SenateMajLdr
on Instagram.
Get this newsletter delivered to your inbox by signing up
HERE
Official Site
|
Privacy Policy
|
Unsubscribe
