
Friday May 8, 2015
WEBSITE
|
FORWARD TO A FRIEND
| SHARE ON:
Welcome to the fifth edition of my e-newsletter. I believe strongly that it is my responsibility as your Representative in Congress to keep you closely informed of my work on your behalf, and I thank you for signing up for these regular updates.
I want to start by letting you know that my District staff has begun hosting "Local Office Hours" throughout the 1st District! I know the federal government can be confusing and hard to deal with, and I want to make sure all Iowans in the 1st District have the chance to meet directly with my staff to resolve any issues they might have with government agencies. A list of upcoming "Local Office Hours" can be found here: http://1.usa.gov/1IVyH0Y
I also recently wrote a guest column for the Cedar Rapids Gazette talking about my first few months representing you in Congress. You can read it here:
http://bit.ly/1ER4H3f
Here are some other updates about my work both Iowa in and Washington:
In Iowa:
We hosted our first Congressional Art Competition at UNI. I want to congratulate Ellie from Cedar Falls High School for winning this year's competition!
I also had the opportunity to visit the Transamerica facility in Cedar Rapids and talk with working Iowans about getting our economy back on track.
We had an exciting visit to Cedar Valley TechWORKS facility to talk with employees and learn about the innovative technology they are developing.
In Washington:
During their visit to the Capitol I met with the greater Cedar Valley Alliance &amp; Chamber about economic development concerns in the Cedar Valley.
Also as a member of the House Oversight &amp; Government Committee I had the opportunity to question the FBI's Executive Assistant Director of Science and Technology on our government's efforts to monitor our electronic devices and why we are often presented with the false choice between liberty and security. Watch it here:
Finally, some good legislative news: the House and Senate actually passed a budget for the first time this decade! This is an important step towards restoring regular order, and as a member of the Budget Committee that put so much work into the budget this year I was happy to see the process completed.
Im truly honored to be your Representative in Iowas First District. I appreciate your interest in my Congressional activities, and I will continue to do my best to keep you updated about everything my office is doing to serve you all.
All the best,
Rod
CONNECT
LATEST NEWS
Rep. Blum Spearheads Bipartisan R&amp;D Tax Credit Letter
Dubuque Telegraph Herald: A Dollar Here, A Dollar There
CNN Money: FBI Is Fighting A Losing Battle Over Phone Snooping
Oelwein Daily Register: Blum Staff Will Have Office Hours In Fayette County
NOTE: Please DO NOT respond to this email as this inbox is unattended. To contact my office please
click here
UPDATE SUBSCRIPTION OPTIONS
|
PRIVACY POLICY
|
CONTACT US
Click Here Click Here