DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.0 Transitional//EN" "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml1/DTD/xhtml1-transitional.dtd"
District Update | June 5, 2015
Click here
if you have trouble viewing this email
Dear Friends,
As shocking as it is in 2015, there are people living in modern day slavery in America. Sadly, human trafficking is a criminal enterprise that exists right here in Orange, Los Angeles, and San Bernardino Counties. This past week, the President signed into law the "Justice for Victims of Trafficking Act" ( JVTA ), which establishes a robust and aggressive strategy to combat human trafficking in the United States. I voted for this legislation earlier this year.
JVTA extends protections to the victims of trafficking long after they are freed, and allows law enforcement officers to use new investigative tools to get more offenders off our streets. The law protects victims by requiring traffickers to be treated as violent criminals for purposes of pre-trial release, monitoring, and detention. It also recognizes child pornography production as a form of human trafficking and ensures that victims have access to crucial support services.
I've long been involved in the fight against trafficking, and in 2013 I launched a
Human Trafficking Congressional Advisory Committee
(HTCAC) to address human trafficking concerns, as well as offer policy recommendations. The HTCAC is comprised of victims rights groups, local and federal law enforcement agencies, and community advocates, and is actively working to combat human trafficking in Southern California.
Passage of this legislation marks a major step in the effort to stamp out human trafficking, and I'll keep up the fight to end this crime both here at home and abroad.
Sincerely,
Ed Royce
News for May 29 - June 5, 2015
Chairman Royce Introduces Global Anti-Poaching Act
Rep. Royce, who is Chairman of the House Foreign Affairs Committee, recently introduced the Global Anti-Poaching Act to help the United States and partner countries counter the terrorist organizations, rebel groups, and international criminal syndicates that are profiting from international wildlife trafficking.
With its high profit margins, the illicit trade of wildlife has become an extremely lucrative funding source for terrorist groups and international gangs.
As rhino horn now sells for tens of thousands of dollars a pound, poaching is one of the most profitable criminal activities in the world. Tackling this growing problem conserves some of the worlds most iconic species and strengthens our national security.
This bipartisan legislation will aid the global fight against the rampant poaching that is plaguing the world.
Learn More
Rep. Royce Celebrates Special Olympics Host Cities
Rep. Royce recently visited the Hsi Lai Temple in Hacienda Heights to commemorate the Special Olympics World Games that are being hosted in Los Angeles this summer. He was joined by " Kim Possible ," a Covina High School student that serves as a World Games Global Messenger.
Many communities in California's 39th Congressional District, including Fullerton, Hacienda Heights, and La Habra, have been designated as official Host Towns for the 2015 Games.
Rep. Royce Announces Military Academy Nominees
This week, Rep. Royce announced his 2015 United States service academy appointments from California's 39th Congressional District. Tonight, Rep. Royce is hosting a reception for the students to congratulate them on their anticipated matriculation to some of our nation's most prestigious academic institutions and thank them for their commitment to serving in the armed forces.
The following is a list of students from California's 39th Congressional District who received a service academy nomination from Rep. Royce and will be attending a service academy later this year. Their corresponding high schools or civilian undergraduate institutions are also included:
United States Air Force Academy
Esther S. M. Kim
of California Virtual Academy
Scott H. McDill
of Walnut High School
Mathew S. Sheikh
of Troy High School
Jonathan A. Williams
of Pacifica High School
Kathryn D. Clark
of Los Altos High School
United States Military Academy
Daniel J. Castro
of Diamond Bar High School
Caleb H. Lim
of Diamond Bar High School
Dakota B Millsap
of Yorba Linda High School, California State University, Fullerton and the Marion Military Institute
Samantha N. Polen
of Esperanza High School and California State University, Fullerton
Ashley J. Yoo
of Yorba Linda High School
United States Naval Academy
Amaya M. Lysabela
of Brea High School and the Naval Academy Prep School
Brendan M. Ferrer Green , of Troy High School and Kiski School
Hannah J. Hirzel
of Orange Lutheran High School
CONNECT
Facebook
Youtube
ORANGE COUNTY OFFICE
210 W. Birch Street, Ste 201
Brea, CA 92821
T (714) 255-0101 l (909) 420-0010
LOS ANGELES COUNTY OFFICE
1380 S. Fullerton Road, Suite 205
Rowland Heights, CA 91748
T (626) 964-5123
WASHINGTON, DC OFFICE
2310 Rayburn House Office Building
Washington, DC 20515
T (202) 225-4111
UPDATE SUBSCRIPTION OPTIONS
|
PRIVACY POLICY
|
CONTACT US
Click Here Click Here