
Dear Friends,
Throughout my career in public service, I have fought for smarter investment in our bridges, roads, bike paths, and other parts of our transportation system. These networks form the lifeblood of our communities &ndash; especially in Portland.
Investment in new projects like the Tilikum Crossing &ndash; set to open in a little over 100 days &ndash; as well as basic maintenance of our roads, are essential to making Portland safer, livable, walkable, bikeable and accessible by transit. But whether it&rsquo;s making it safer to bike on Powell or building much-needed sidewalks and crosswalks in East Portland, there is more to be done to improve the livability of neighborhoods throughout Portland. Additionally, investing in safer streets will create family wage jobs now.
However, the federal partnership that states and local communities like Portland rely on to make these improvements and plan for the future is uncertain. For over a decade, the Federal Surface Transportation Program has limped along, providing only months of funding at time, making long-term project planning and even basic maintenance difficult.
For 20 years, a big reason for this is that the funding mechanism for our highways and transit program, the federal gas tax, is broken. Congress has had to borrow tens of billions from the general Treasury fund since 2008 to make up for gas tax revenue lost to inflation and rising fuel efficiency. This year, I introduced legislation to fix this problem and move the nation toward finding a new, fairer and more sustainable funding source.
We must do more than maintain the status quo. We need to plan for the Portland region of the future and not be satisfied with the "dream of the 90s." I will continue to fight in Congress to give the people of Oregon and Portland what they deserve &ndash; a long-term solution to funding transportation projects to ensure our communities are safer and more efficient.
On Sunday, 60 Minutes re-aired its feature,
&ldquo;Falling Apart&rdquo; , on this very topic, and I encourage you to watch.
Sincerely,
Earl Blumenauer
Member of Congress
Please do not respond to this email.
Click here to contact me .
District Office
&bull; 911 N.E. 11th Avenue
&bull; Suite 200 &bull; Portland, OR 97232 &bull; Phone: (503) 231-2300
Washington D.C. Office
&bull; 1111 Longworth Building &bull; Washington, DC 20515 &bull; Phone: (202) 225-4811
Unsubscribe
