DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.0 Transitional//EN" "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml1/DTD/xhtml1-transitional.dtd"
District Update | June 7, 2015
Click here
if you have trouble viewing this email
Dear Friends,
The flooding in Arkansas over the past two weeks is a reminder that we have no control of Mother Nature, but it was also a reminder of the urgency our community always demonstrates when helping friends and neighbors affected by disaster.
It is truly an honor to live in -- and represent in Congress -- a community comprised of people always willing to stop what they're doing and lend a hand to those in need.
I was able t0 make it to the Toad Suck area
this week to survey the damage. While the damage is bad and many people's lives have been greatly effected, I know our communities will rebuild, and I want to offer, in any way possible, my assistance in the recovery process. Please do not hesitate to reach out to my staff or me if you need help.
Honoring D-Day
Yesterday, marked the 71st anniversary of the Allied Invasion of Normandy, more commonly known as D-Day.
Few moments in world history can be characterized as having saved mankind from total destruction. I shudder to think what would have happened had allied courage and resolve not trumped evil on that day and the subsequent days leading up to the end of the war.
I never forget the sacrifice of the Greatest Generation in their fight to rid the world of tyranny, but on days like the D-Day anniversary, I can't help but to have an even greater sense of pride when I think about what they accomplished in the name of freedom and democracy.
Today, I want to take a moment to remember all the brave warriors who fought in the War, including my my late-father-in-law Captain Bill McKenzie, who landed in France about a week after D-Day,
would go onto fight in the Battle of the Bulge, and was part of the company that freed the concentration camp at Buchenwald in April of 1945.
Lt. McKenzie (left) with his good friend Lt. Preston Geren outside the American Embassy in Paris in the Spring 1945.
A heartfelt thank you to the Greatest Generation for all they have done to keep America free,
Representative French Hill
House Passes Amendment to Curb Prescription Drug Abuse
This week, the House passed the
Commerce, Justice, Science and Related Agencies Appropriations Act for Fiscal Year 2016. Included in the bill, was an amendment offered by Rep. Paul Gosar (R-AZ) that would
reprogram $5 million from ATF bureaucrats to the Prescription Drug Monitoring Program.
Prior to passage of the bill, Rep. Hill spoke on the House floor on the importance of the amendment stating, I am proud that Arkansas recently passed legislation that gives law enforcement investigators access to our states Prescription Drug Monitoring Program. This law in my state will enhance investigative capabilities and will give [investigators] better ability to bring criminals to justice that are abusing prescription drug practices and trying to dump those drugs back on the streets.
This is a serious problem that deserves more of our attention -- first at our dinner tables, in our schools, and in our [capitals]. I am so proud to support
[Rep. Paul Gosars] amendment
that cuts money from the overhead at the ATF and will strengthen prescription drug monitoring activities.
Click the image below to watch the entire floor speech.
Washington, DC Office
1229 Longworth House Office Building
Washington, DC 20515
Phone: (202) 225-2506
Fax: (202) 225-5903
Conway Office
1105 Deer Street, Suite 12
Conway, AR 72032
Phone: (501) 358-3481
Fax: (501) 358-3494
Little Rock Office
1501 N. University Ave., Suite 150
Little Rock, AR 72207
Phone: (501) 324-5941
Fax: (501) 324-6029
UPDATE SUBSCRIPTION OPTIONS
|
PRIVACY POLICY
|
CONTACT US
Click Here Click Here