
Miller Newsletter
May 17, 2015
Washington Update
House Passes the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2016
On Friday, the House passed its fifty-fourth consecutive
National Defense Authorization Act
(NDAA)--the primary vehicle for authorizing our Nations military and one of the most important ways that Congress fulfills its duty to provide for the common defense. H.R.1735, the
National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2016 , which I supported and which passed by a vote of 269-151, is a bipartisan measure that would authorize $611.8 billion in defense spending, which includes $89 billion for Overseas Contingency Operations.
The measure rejects the Presidents request for a Base Realignment and Closure (BRAC) round, fully funds the Joint Strike Fighter program, and streamlines the Defense Departments acquisition program to ensure critical decisions are made in the initial stages of the process.
Additionally, H.R.1735 would reform the militarys compensation by allowing the 83 percent of servicemembers not eligible for military retirement to participate in a retirement plan through a Thrift Savings Plan with matching contributions from the Defense Department.
The bill rejects the President's request to consolidate TRICARE and would prohibit any transfer or release of detainees located at Naval Station Guantanamo Bay.
It also increases funds towards suicide prevention and outreach programs and authorizes funding for an eleventh aircraft carrier.
The FY16 NDAA will help ensure that our Nations servicemembers have the capabilities needed to support our military missions and keep our Nation safe, and I look forward to continuing to work with my colleagues in the Senate to get this bill through both chambers and signed into law.
House Passes the USA FREEDOM Act of 2015
The House also passed legislation last week that would help ensure our Intelligence Community has the tools necessary to monitor terrorist threats and keep our Nation safe, while respecting the Constitutional rights of American citizens.
H.R. 2048, the
USA FREEDOM Act of 2015 , would end the bulk collection of metadataincluding email, phone, and business recordsand strengthen the specific selection terms used to collect information needed for national security without allowing for blanket targeting of geographic areas.
In addition, the bill addresses concerns regarding civil liberties protections by requiring that an independent panel of five experts is included in Foreign Intelligence Surveillance Act (FISA) Court deliberations on matters of privacy, civil liberties and communications technology, and it would also require declassification of all significant opinions of the FISA Court.
Congress has a responsibility to provide for the common defense of our Nation while protecting our Constitutional rights. The
USA FREEDOM Act
accomplishes these goals, and I voted for the bill when it passed the House by a vote of 338-88.
House Passes the Pain Capable Unborn Child Protection Act
Upholding the right to life for the unborn helps ensure that the most vulnerable among us are protected, and last week the House passed important legislation to respect the sanctity of life by preventing abortions five months after fertilization.
Scientific evidence suggests that unborn children can feel pain after 20 weeks, and yet we are one of only seven countries in the world that allows for elective late-term abortions, putting us in unwelcome company with countries like North Korea and China.
H.R.36 allows exceptions in the case of rape, incest, or if the life of the mother is endangered.
Importantly, the bill would also provide increased protections for babies born alive by requiring that if an abortion is attempted and the child is born alive, the baby must be immediately transported to the hospital and given the same degree of care as would be given to any other premature infant.
Thirteen different states have instituted their own bans on these late-term abortions, and according to the Congressional Budget Office, H.R.36 would save more than 10,000 lives each year.
I cosponsored and voted in favor of H.R.36, which passed the House by a vote of 242-184, and I urge my colleagues in the Senate to protect the sanctity of life by passing this bill.
House Passes the Regulatory Integrity Protection Act of 2015
For the past year, the EPA and Army Corps have been attempting to broaden their regulatory authority far beyond their proper scope through a proposed new regulation known as the Waters of the United States rule.
If this rule is allowed to go into effect, the federal governments authority would be so vast that virtually any piece of land with any amount of water on it could conceivably fall under their regulatory regime.
This unchecked expansion of the Administrations regulatory power is an affront to private property rights, an infringement on the rights of local and state governments to regulate and develop local and state land and a significant burden on the businesses and individuals that would have to comply with it.
Last week, the House took action to protect hardworking Americans from this invasive rule through passage of H.R.1732, the
Regulatory Integrity Protection Act .
H.R.1732, which I voted for and which passed the House by a vote of 261-155, would require the EPA and Army Corps to withdraw the "Waters of the United States" rule within 30 days.
The bill would then require the agencies to go back to the drawing board and develop a new rule that maintains the appropriate balance between the states and the federal government by requiring the agencies to engage in outreach to stakeholders, including holding a federalism consultation with the states and local governments, consulting with and soliciting recommendations from other affected stakeholders, and carefully considering all public comments before moving forward.
Unfortunately, the President has once again chosen to uphold his agenda rather than provide relief to the American people, issuing a veto threat before the bill even passed the House.
Despite the Presidents veto threat, I will continue to work with my colleagues in Congress to advance commonsense legislation that reduces the size and scope of federal regulation and makes life easier for hardworking Americans.
National Police Week
Last week during National Police Week, tens of thousands of individuals traveled to Washington to attend the Peace Officer Memorial Service and pay tribute to the fallen.
The House helped commemorate the service and sacrifice of our law enforcement in passing several important pieces of legislation to help support those who protect and serve communities across the country.
To help ensure that violent criminals who perpetrate acts of violence against police officers are quickly apprehended, the House passed S.665, the
Rafael Ramos and Wenjian Liu National Blue Alert Act of 2015 , which would create a national Blue Alert communications network to issue Blue Alerts throughout the nation relating to the serious injury or death of a law enforcement officer in the line of duty.
Common sense tells us that when police officers do make the ultimate sacrifice in the line of duty, we should do everything we can to support their surviving families.
Under current law, federal death benefits paid to surviving dependents are exempt from federal taxes; however, ambiguity in the law means that state-based death benefits may in some instances not be excluded.
To clarify this situation and ensure that all benefits paid to the surviving dependents of fallen officers are rightly excluded from federal taxes, the House passed H.R. 606, the
Dont Tax Our Fallen Public Safety Heroes Act .
Finally, the House also passed H.R. 723, the
Fallen Heroes Flag Act of 2015 , which would allow for the family members of fallen officers, firefighters, members of a rescue squad or ambulance crew, or public safety officers to receive a flag flown over the Capitol honoring their loved one at no cost to the family.
On Wednesday, I joined my good friends and fellow former law enforcement officers, Congressman Rich Nugent (R-FL) and Congressman Dave Reichert (R-WA), along with all members of the U.S. House of Representatives to take a moment to reflect on the service and sacrifice of all those who wear the badge and honor those who have lost their lives in the line of duty.
To view last week's tribute in the House chamber, click on the below image.
Congressman Miller with Congressman Rich Nugent (R-FL) and Congressman Dave Reichert (R-WA) (left to center)
Meeting with Governor Rick Scott
Governor Rick Scott stopped by my office for a meeting last week to discuss the status of health care funding in the state. Despite the Supreme Court ruling that the Administration could not coerce states into joining the Obamacare Medicaid expansion program by removing funding for other programs, the Centers for Medicare and Medicaid Services (CMS) informed Florida officials last month that they would not be continuing the successful Low Income Pool (LIP) partnership between Florida and the federal government, which has been in place since 2005 to help compensate hospitals and providers for care to Floridas uninsured and underinsured populations.
Earlier this year, HHS Secretary Sylvia Burwell told a Florida radio station: The pool money was about helping low-income people have access. Thats what the pool money is about. We believe an important way to extend that coverage for those low-income individuals as passed in the
Affordable Care Act
is the Medicaid expansion. Given Secretary Burwells comments, there can be little doubt about the reasoning behind the Administrations decision to cancel the LIP program. Obamacare has been an unmitigated failure, and for the Administration to attempt to force Medicaid expansion on the state, despite the clear ruling of the Supreme Court, is nothing short of unacceptable.
I appreciate Governor Scotts visit, and I will continue to monitor the situation.
Meeting with the Florida REALTORS
Last week, I also met with numerous REALTORS representing the Emerald Coast to discuss issues affecting the housing industry and our tax code.
The real estate industry is of vital importance to our economy, and we must ensure Congress provides the proper scope of patent reform, mortgage debt forgiveness, Federal Housing Administration funding, and provides the appropriate tax code to ensure our housing market remains healthy and viable for decades to come. I want to thank all the folks for taking the time to visit with me to discuss these important issues, and I look forward to our continued collaboration.
Congressman Miller speaking with the Florida REALTORS
Meeting with the Florida Farm Bureau
I had the chance to sit down with Keith Free and Nick and Julie Dillard when they stopped by my office last week while they were in Washington for the Florida Farm Bureaus Field to the Hill 2015.
During the meeting we discussed the importance of supporting Floridas farmers through comprehensive tax reform and free trade.
Northwest Florida has a proud agricultural history and tradition, and it is vital to support our Nations family farmers by advancing commonsense legislation that reduces taxes so that future generations can continue to carry on the torch.
Congressman Miller with Keith Free, Julie Dillard, and Nick Dillard (center-right)
Farewell Meeting with Iulian Buga, Romanian Ambassador to the United States
The U.S. and Romania enjoy a very strong relationship beyond NATO membership, and that relationship must strengthen even more in the near future in light of Russian aggression in the region. Sovereign borders of legitimate governments must be protected, and with Romanias geographic location, that principle is more important now than ever.
I have visited with Iulian Buga, Romanian Ambassador to the United States, to discuss this vital issue and numerous others throughout the years, and met with him one last time in his current capacity this week.
I appreciate Ambassador Buga for taking the time to stop by before he moves on to continue his service as the newly appointed Romanian Ambassador to Sweden and for his years of service and friendship to our great Nation.
Congressman Miller meeting with Ambassador Iulian Buga
Veterans Corner
House Committee on Veterans' Affairs Oversight Hearing: Assessing the Promise and Progress of the Choice Program
The House Committee on Veterans' Affairs met last week to examine VAs implementation of the Choice Program, which was created as part of the
Veterans Access, Choice, and Accountability Act of 2014
in the wake of the departments secret wait-list scandal.
The Choice Program gave VA $10 billion to pay for non-VA care for veterans facing long waits or those who live 40 miles or more from certain VA facilities; however, as of the end of April, VA had only spent $501.3 million allotted for the program, $300 million of which went to contractors charged with administering the program. Since its inception, the program has been plagued by complaints that VAs implementation was overly strict and so confusing that even VA providers had trouble understanding it, resulting in it being greatly underutilized. A Veterans of Foreign Wars (VFW) survey found that VA didnt even offer the choice program to 80 percent of eligible veterans. But before expanding program eligibility as Congress and the President intended, VA had attempted to siphon money from the program, claiming veterans dont want more health care choices.
This hearing provided our committee an opportunity to hear directly from VA leadership and veterans service organizations on the performance of the Choice Program so far, how to remove roadblocks that may be hampering it and how to simplify the departments multiple non-VA care programs. To view the May 13 hearing, click on the images below.
To view Part I of the May 13 hearing, click on the left image (start at 30:10).
To view Part II of the May 13 hearing, click on the right image.
VA Secretary Bob McDonald Meeting with Members of the House and Senate Veterans' Affairs Committee Leadership and House and Senate Appropriations Leadership
I met with VA Secretary Bob McDonald and Deputy Secretary Sloan Gibson in a joint meeting with House and Senate Veterans' Affairs Committee and House and Senate Appropriations Committee leadership last week to discuss the replacement Denver Department of Veterans Affairs Medical Center construction project. This project is the biggest construction failure in VA history, and since the projects inception, the cost of the hospital has ballooned from $328 million to $1.73 billion. Even as the project spiraled out of control, VA refused to take cost overruns seriously and ignored pleas from Congress to get things back on track. Now, thanks to its own failures, VA has essentially demanded that taxpayers subsidize the departments incompetence with an $830 million bailout. Weve been down this road before. Last year, VA promised to fire those responsible for manipulating wait times, stop its longstanding pattern of whistleblower retaliation and fix the departments corrosive culture. That hasnt happened yet, and Congress will not tolerate any more empty VA promises. So if the department is serious about getting the Denver project back on track, it needs to show us rather than tell us.
In the News
Miller Media Clips
To read some recent press clips highlighting my work on behalf of Florida's First Congressional District and our Nations veterans and servicemembers, visit the links below:
Lawmakers: Future of over-budget Denver VA hospital unclear without acceptable funding plan
VA remains work in progress year after scandal broke
VA Put Vets at Risk by Spending Billions Unlawfully, Whistleblower Says
VA to Congress: Its Still Too Hard to Fire Bad Employees
Angry House members berate VA over $6billion in improper spending
VA Officials Say They're Trying to Fire People, But It's Still Really Hard
Former Pittsburgh Department of Veterans Affairs official's ouster sought
VA gets praise for Choice changes, but veterans groups say more must be done
Court action challenges VA firing law
Another VA crock: Michael Moreland returns
Due process for feds protects against spoils system, report says
Gov. Scott draws Republicans in Congress into Medicaid dispute
Former Phoenix VA director Helman suing to overturn firing
Augusta VA inspection report still unreleased
As always, I welcome your comments. To share your thoughts on legislation, votes or issues, please visit http://jeffmiller.house.gov/ to send an e-mail or call any of my offices.
Thanks,
Jeff
Click Here
to view this email in your browser
Click Here
to be removed from this list