DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.0 Transitional//EN" "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml1/DTD/xhtml1-transitional.dtd"
Email Newsletter
Recently in Washington
Last week the House passed H.R. 2393, the Country of Origin Labeling (COOL) Amendments Act of 2015, by a vote of 300-131.
This bill repeals country-of-origin labeling requirements for beef, pork and chicken that have caused Canada and Mexico to impose retaliatory tariffs on the United States due to WTOs final ruling which finds the program violates U.S. trade obligations. Congressman Simpson supported this bill.
The House failed to pass H.R. 1314, the Trade Act of 2015, which reauthorized Trade Adjustment Assistance (TAA).
A motion to reconsider TAA is pending.
However, the House passed Trade Promotion Authority (TPA) which establishes a process by which the President can negotiate trade agreements with Congress approval.
Congressman Simpson supported both bills.
TPA approval is contingent upon TAA passing the House.
Simpsons Idaho Truck Weight Language Advances
Bill provides common sense reform allowing Idaho to be on equal footing with its neighbors.
Idaho Congressman Mike Simpson supported final passage of the Fiscal Year 2016 Transportation, Housing and Urban Development Appropriations bill, which passed the House 216 -210.
The bill includes Simpsons language increasing truck weights on Idaho Interstate Highways to 129,000 pounds.
The increase, above the current allowance of 105,500 pounds, puts Idaho in line with neighboring states and with Idahos state highway system, which already allows 129,000 pound trucks.
Last year we came closer than ever to this legislation becoming a reality, said Congressman Simpson. It is a common sense reform that not only puts Idaho on equal footing with its neighbors, but actually extends our systems life by making it work better.
A higher weight limit means trucks must have more axels than traditional trucks, distributing the weight in such a way that there is less weight on each axel than a standard truck.
It also would reduce the number of trucks on the road.
The language comes after completion of a comprehensive ten year pilot study in Idaho which found the weight increase would have no significant impact on roadway safety, nor would it impact the structural soundness of Idahos bridges or pavement.
This was a big step forward for Idaho business and agriculture, said Simpson. This bill has long been sought by the Governor, the Idaho State Legislature, the Idaho Transportation Department, and business and agriculture throughout Idaho because it will remove the competitive disadvantage Idaho businesses face and generate significant economic activity.
Idahos current weight allowance is significantly less than that of neighboring states Montana, Wyoming, Utah and Nevada, as well as British Columbia, Canada, causing difficulty for producers who ship goods on the Interstate across and into Idaho.
Additionally, heavier trucks are currently allowed to travel all throughout Idaho, but not where they should be traveling
on Idahos Interstates.
Instead, they are navigating state highways, which are often more narrow, with less lanes and more curves and hills than the Interstate.
This bill puts heavy trucks where they belong, on the Interstate, added Simpson. For centuries, our transportation system has been the backbone of our economy, and it is today. Our ability to move goods and people safely and efficiently across the country has made our economy the greatest in world history.
But today that system is aging, reaching the end of its life in many cases or being stretched beyond what was originally intended.
We need to implement common sense reforms to extend our systems life by making it work even better.
This language does that.
The Transportation, Housing and Urban Development Appropriations bill will now need to be conferenced with a Senate version of the same bill before it can be signed into law by the President.
Simpson Supports Legislation Funding A-10s and Troops
U.S. House Passes Defense Appropriations Bill
Idaho Congressman Mike Simpson applauded passage of H.R. 2685, the FY16 Defense Appropriations bill, which funds the Department of Defense and fulfills the constitutional responsibility of Congress to provide for the common defense.
Crucially, the bill provides funding for the A-10 Thunderbolt II, which is based at the headquarters for the Idaho National Guard at Gowen Field in Boise, and is essential to the mission there. In FY15, the Cromnibus denied the administrations request to retire any A-10 close-air support aircraft.
I am very pleased this bill shows support for the A-10 and recognizes the unique and valuable contributions the aircraft provides to our armed forces, said Simpson. By ensuring the A-10 remains available for close air support, we are responding to the needs of the service members that operate them and to the brave men and women on the ground that rely on them. While I certainly acknowledge that the Air Force must make difficult decisions in this time of reduced budgets, the A-10s low operating costs and unique capabilities merit our continued support until an appropriate replacement can be identified.
Congressman Simpson has been working with Governor C.L. Butch Otter to preserve, extend and expand the mission of the Idaho National Guard. H.R. 2685 also prohibits the transfer of AH-64 Apache helicopters from the Army National Guard to active Army in FY16.
The bill also provides for a 2.3% pay raise for over 1.3 million active-duty troops and nearly 820,000 Guard, and reserve troops.
H.R. 2685 passed the House with a bipartisan vote of 278-149.
Committee Schedule
Tuesday
At 10:15 a.m., the House Appropriations Committee will mark up the Interior and Environment Appropriations bill for Fiscal Year 2016.
Wednesday
At 9:00 a.m., the House Labor, Health and Human Services, Education Subcommittee on Appropriations will mark up the Fiscal Year 2016 LHHS bill.
At 10:00 a.m., the House Appropriations Committee will mark up the Financial Services and General Government Appropriations bill for Fiscal Year 2016.
Floor Schedule
MONDAY, JUNE 15TH
On Monday, the House will meet at meet at 12:00 p.m. for morning hour and 2:00 p.m. for legislative business. Votes will be postponed until 6:30 p.m.
Legislation Considered Under Suspension of the Rules:
1)
H.R. 891
- To designate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 141 Paloma Drive in Floresville, Texas, as the Floresville Veterans Post Office Building
(Sponsored by Rep. Henry Cuellar / Oversight and Government Reform Committee)
2)
H.R. 1326
- To designate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 2000 Mulford Road in Mulberry, Florida, as the Sergeant First Class Daniel M. Ferguson Post Office
(Sponsored by Rep. Dennis Ross / Oversight and Government Reform Committee)
3)
H.R. 1350
- To designate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 442 East 167th Street in Bronx, New York, as the Herman Badillo Post Office Building
(Sponsored by Rep. Jos Serrano / Oversight and Government Reform Committee)
4)
H.R. 728
- To designate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 7050 Highway BB in Cedar Hill, Missouri, as the Sergeant First Class William B. Woods, Jr. Post Office
(Sponsored by Rep. Blaine Luetkemeyer / Oversight and Government Reform Committee)
5)
H.R. 2131
- To designate the Federal building and United States courthouse located at 83 Meeting Street in Charleston, South Carolina, as the J. Waties Waring Judicial Center
(Sponsored by Rep. James Clyburn / Transportation and Infrastructure Committee)
6)
H.R. 2559
- To designate the PFC Milton A. Lee Medal of Honor Memorial Highway in the State of Texas
(Sponsored by Rep. Lamar Smith / Transportation and Infrastructure Committee)
7)
H. Res. 233
- Expressing the sense of the House of Representatives that Iran should immediately release the three United States citizens that it holds, as well as provide all known information on any United States citizens that have disappeared within its borders
(Sponsored by Rep. Dan Kildee / Foreign Affairs Committee)
TUESDAY, JUNE 16TH
On Tuesday, the House will meet at 10:00 a.m. for morning hour and 12:00 p.m. for legislative business.
H.R. 2596
- Intelligence Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2016, Rules Committee Print (Subject to a Rule)
(Sponsored by Rep. Devin Nunes / Permanent Select Intelligence Committee)
WEDNESDAY, JUNE 17TH AND THE BALANCE OF THE WEEK
On Wednesday, the House will meet at 10:00 a.m. for morning hour and 12:00 p.m. for legislative business.
On Thursday, the House will meet at 9:00 a.m. for legislative business. Last votes expected no later than 3:00 p.m.
On Friday, no votes are expected in the House.
Legislation Considered Under Suspension of the Rules:
1)
H.R. 2505
- Medicare Advantage Coverage Transparency Act of 2015, as amended
(Sponsored by Rep. Mike Kelly / Ways and Means Committee)
2)
H.R. 2507
- Increasing Regulatory Fairness Act of 2015, as amended
(Sponsored by Rep. Kevin Brady / Ways and Means Committee)
3)
H.R. 2582
- Seniors Health Care Plan Protection Act of 2015, as amended
(Sponsored by Rep. Vern Buchanan / Ways and Means Committee)
4)
H.R. 2570
- Strengthening Medicare Advantage through Innovation and Transparency for Seniors Act of 2015, as amended
(Sponsored by Rep. Diane Black / Ways and Means Committee)
H.R. 160
- Protect Medical Innovation Act of 2015 (Subject to a Rule)
(Sponsored by Rep. Erik Paulsen / Ways and Means Committee)
H.R. 1190
- Protecting Seniors' Access to Medicare Act of 2015 (Subject to a Rule)
(Sponsored by Rep. Phil Roe / Ways and Means Committee)
Possible Consideration of
H. Con. Res. 55
- Directing the President, pursuant to section 5(c) of the War Powers Resolution, to remove United States Armed Forces deployed to Iraq or Syria on or after August 7, 2014, other than Armed Forces required to protect United States diplomatic facilities and personnel, from Iraq and Syria
Possible Consideration of legislation related to Trade
Contact Mike
Issues
Other News
MEDIA CENTER
Memorial Day 2015
If you are having trouble reading this message, try viewing the
web version
BIOGRAPHY
|
NEWS CENTER
|
ISSUES
|
SERVICES FOR YOU
|
2ND DISTRICT
|
CONTACT
