
Friday June 5, 2015
WEBSITE
|
FORWARD TO A FRIEND
| SHARE ON:
Tale of Two Economies
Dear Friend ,
The May Jobs Report confirms our economy is continuing to make progress and is setting new records for 63 consecutive months of private sector job growth with the 5.5 % unemployment rate at its lowest point in six years. However, there are still many people who have yet to feel the effects of our recovery. It is a tale of two economies; the unemployment rate for youth is 17.9 percent, Blacks is 10.2 percent, and Hispanics is 6.7 percent, showing little or no change in May.
Unfortunately the Republican-led Congress still threatens the gains we have made for the future of America and hard working families. The Export-Import Bank helps American businesses of all sizes sell their goods overseas and has supported 1.5 million private sector jobs since 2007, including 65,000 in New York State alone. While 180 Democrats have signed a discharge petition to bring the bill up for a vote, radical Republicans have blocked action in the House
leaving only few legislative days until the Banks charter expires on June 30.
Also the Highway and Transit Trust Fund will expire in the middle of the critical summer construction season later this summer. Yet again, Congress is steaming towards another deadline without a plan for the long-term reauthorization our nation needs. Kicking the can down the road puts our roads, rails, bridges, and the jobs of 660,000 Americans at risk.
American families are tired of Republicans serving special interests and dragging their feet on important issues. Getting everyone back to work is vital for the future of our country. It is time to raise the minimum wage, extend the Export- Import Bank and invest in our transportation infrastructure. I will continue to push for a livable wage and expanded opportunities for my constituents.
Sincerely,
Charles Rangel
# WearingOrange
to Promote Gun Violence Awareness Month
I joined millions of people # WearingOrange
on Tuesday to promote Gun Violence Awareness Day. While I'm proud that New York is the only state that has a month devoted to Gun Violence Awareness, I believe we must do more as a society to prevent unnecessary tragic incidents afflicting our communities in the first place. Tweet me your photos # WearingOrange
@cbrangel.
Moratorium on Luxury Housing
Everyone should have access to quality affordable housing. It saddens me when I hear renters having to spending one-third of their income on just rent alone. Throughout our community, renters are faced with higher rents, fewer services and neglected units. With critical laws dealing with housing about to expire, its now more important than ever to deal with this problem head-on and stop focusing resources on building luxury apartments for the wealthy.
Read more about why I'm calling for a moratorium on luxury housing in NYC:
http://amsterdamnews.com/news/2015/jun/04/rangel-other-elected-officials-demand-moratorium-l/
UPDATE SUBSCRIPTION OPTIONS
|
PRIVACY POLICY
|
CONTACT US
D.C. Office:
2354 Rayburn HOB
Washington, DC 20515
P: 202-225-4365
F: 202-225-0816
New York Office:
163 West 125th St., Suite #737
New York, NY 10027
Phone: 212-663-3900
Fax: 212-663-4277
Click Here Click Here