
Having trouble reading this email?
Click here
to view in your browser.
Website
|
About Phil
|
First District
|
Constituent Services
|
Newsroom
|
Issues
|
Legislation
|
Contact Me
Earlier this week, I had the opportunity to join my friend and colleague, Southwest Virginia Rep. Morgan Griffith, at the Virginia Coal and Energy Alliances annual meeting in Kingsport. Coal is an important source of domestic energy. Did you know that coal provides nearly 40 percent of Americas electricity and is used in 48 states? In fact, the United States has more coal than any other country. Despite the abundance of this key resource, the Obama administration is determined to bankrupt the coal industry. In 2008, then-Senator Obama touted his opposition of the coal industry to the
San Francisco Chronicle
saying, If somebody wants to open a coal-powered plant, they can. Its just that I will bankrupt them.
Last year, President Obama unveiled a controversial Clean Power Plan to cut carbon emissions from existing coal-powered plants 30% by 2030. This approach to curbing emissions is so unpopular with Congress and the American people that the president couldnt get a Democrat-controlled House and Senate to pass a similar planthe infamous Cap-and-Tax billback in 2009. According to the American Coalition for Clean Coal Electricity, the coal industry has invested nearly $120 billion to reduce emissions by 90 percent, but the administration is determined to push the standards to unachievable levels. In fact, the Administration punishes the industry when it reduces emissions voluntarily by not counting emissions reductions that have been achieved towards future targets. It seems clear to anyone who has been paying attention to the EPA that the goal of their regulations is not to reduce emissions
its to end the use of coal as an energy source.
While I agree that we should be good stewards of the environment, its foolish to punish an industry that Americans depend on, particularly when many other countries
particularly China
are continuing to build coal-fired power plants to meet their energy needs. I am skeptical of the presidents claim that the rest of the world will follow our example on implementing similar standards.
The presidents proposal wont just affect the coal industry; consumers also lose under this proposal. Some studies predict that there will be double-digit electricity rate hikes in 43 states, with 14 states seeing increases of more than 20 percent. Going into the summer months, many American families count on electricity to cool their homes. At a time when many are still struggling to make ends meet, its reckless to push policies that will burden families with higher electric bills. In Tennessee, 34 percent of families live below the poverty line. These families spend roughly 22 percent of their income on energy. They are the ones who will be left behind by this plan.
In February, I joined 43 of my colleagues in writing to Cheryl LaFleur, the Chairman of the Federal Energy Regulatory Commission, encouraging her to continue studying the effects of the presidents proposal. The letter, led by Reps. Brett Guthrie and Gregg Harper, also raised concerns about the cost and availability of affordable electricity in extreme temperatures, particularly during cold winter months.
I support an all-of-the-above energy plan, one that includes fossil fuels and renewables. Coal must be part of our energy portfolio, not just for the reliable energy that it generates, but the good jobs that it provides. I remain adamantly opposed to the presidents Clean Power Plan and will continue to look for ways to protecting the hardworking families that rely on affordable, coal-generated energy.
Feel free to contact my office if we can be of assistance to you or your family. Our contact information can be found on our website,
www.roe.house.gov .
CONNECT WITH US
E-News Sign-up
Forward to a Friend
Contact Phil
Washington, DC Office
407 Cannon House Office Bldg
Washington, DC 20515
Phone: (202) 225-6356
Fax: (202) 225-5714
Kingsport Office
205 Revere Street
Kingsport, TN 37660
Phone:(423) 247-8161
Fax:(423) 247-0119
Morristown Office
1609 Walters State CC Drive, Suite 4
Morristown, TN 37813
Phone:(423) 254-1400
Fax:(423) 254-1403
Click Here Click Here