
If you are having trouble viewing this message or
would like to share it on a social network, you can
view the message online .
Home
|
About
|
How
Can I Help?
|
Media
|
Issues
|
The 6th District
Dear Friends:
School violence has hit Colorado
hard. From Columbine to Arapahoe High School, our community has suffered
greatly.
Schools need to be a safe place for students
to learn.
Sadly, my colleagues in Congress, Reps. Rick
Larsen (D-WA) and Suzanne DelBene (D-WA) have also witnessed violence in
one of their schools, with a tragic shooting at Marysville-Pilchuck
High School in Marysville, Washington in October
2014.
This is an issue that concerns all of us. Our children deserve safe and
secure places to learn and grow. My colleagues from Washington state
and I have worked together to take a real step to address the problem
of school violence and this week we introduced HR 2667, the Safe
Schools Act of 2015, to do just that.
This bill will
reauthorize the Secure Our Schools program, which provides dollar-for-dollar
matching grants to local schools which they must use for emergency
notification and response technologies, and the acquisition and
installation of technology for expedited notification of local law enforcement
during an emergency.
This is not a complete solution to
the issue of school security and I do not believe the federal government
can provide a one size fits all solution that works for all
schools. But this program can help provide local communities with the tools
and training they need to keep their schools
safe.
HR
2667 is bipartisan, common sense legislation that will help fund
important school safety programs across the country and given some of the
tragedies we have suffered here in Colorado, it is a good policy that
enables local schools whose own officials know best what is needed to fit
their unique circumstances to protect their
students.
Sincerely,
Mike Coffman
U.S. Representative
If you would like to sign up to receive
regular email updates from Mike, please visit
this
link
$ 18,159,892,612,468
Share on Facebook
Share
on Twitter
Share on
LinkedIn
Colorado
Lawmakers Push Veternas Affairs Department to Submit Plan to Finish Aurora
Medical Center
By: Staff
ABC Denver
Published June 3rd,
2015
Colorado
lawmakers are urging the U.S. Department of Veterans Affairs to submit a
plan "as soon as possible" that would spell out how the agency would pay
for a troubled VA hospital project in Aurora, which is over-budget by
hundreds of millions of dollars and at risk of running out of money
this month.
In a letter sent Tuesday to VA Secretary
Robert McDonald, Colorado U.S. Sens. Michael Bennet and Cory Gardner, as
well as
U.S. Rep. Mike Coffman , insisted that the
additional money come from the agency's own pocket. The lawmakers also
asked that the VA explain in specifics its plans for completion of the
project, which has seen its cost balloon to $1.73 billion and left the VA
roughly $830 million short.
"The VA's proposal must
include a thorough detailing of the project's final costs, final
completion date and a comprehensive description of how the VA intends to fully
fund the project's completion," they wrote. "The funding proposal for
the facility must focus on identifying funds from within the existing
VA budget. It's clear that there are areas for reform and
efficiencies that can be found within the VA."
The one-page note
from Bennet,
Coffman
and Gardner comes at a time of
great uncertainty for the Aurora project. Work at the site nearly shut
down last month because Congress almost failed to come up with funding
that would continue construction. Only a last-minute bridge deal, worth
about $20 million, kept workers on the
job.
But that
bridge deal only will fund work for a few weeks at most. Now Congress
and the VA are back at the negotiating table trying to find a solution.
The VA has proposed long-term funding plans before - such as tapping
a $5 billion fund created to make the agency more efficient - but
Congress largely has opposed those
ideas.
VA Admits It Has No
Contracts in Place for Billions of Dollars Spent on Veterans' Medical
Care
By:
Lisa Rein
Washington Post
Published June 3rd,
2015
Top
officials at the Department of Veterans Affairs acknowledged to House
lawmakers Monday that they have been spending billions of dollars a year
on private medical care for veterans without contracts, and said it
would be too costly and cumbersome to put them in
place.
VA acknowledges that our long-standing procurement processes for care
in the community need improvement, Edward Murray, VAs acting
secretary for management and interim chief financial officer, testified,
referring to whats called non-VA care. Murray said that serious legal
questions have arisen over medical care veterans get outside VA
hospitals and clinics, a growing cost thats expected to reach more than $10
billion this fiscal year.
The hearing before the House
Committee on Veterans Affairss investigations panel was the second of
three scheduled for the spring to address allegations of billions of
dollars in misspending flagged by Jan R. Frye, VAs deputy assistant
secretary for acquisition and logistics, about contracting practices.
The Washington Post reported in May that Frye had sent a 35-page memo to
VA Secretary Robert McDonald in March accusing agency leaders of
making a mockery of federal acquisition laws and spending at least $6
billion a year in violation of contracting
rules.
Frye
described a culture of lawlessness and chaos at the Veterans Health
Administration, the massive health-care system for 8.7 million veterans,
and said his efforts to reform a wasteful, disorganized contracting
process that put veterans health and taxpayers money at risk have been
met with resistance from agency leaders for
years.
Frye,
testifying Monday, repeated his concerns that VA has failed to engage
in competitive bidding or sign contracts with outside hospital and
health-care providers that offer medical care for veterans that the
agency cannot provide, such as specialized tests and surgeries, obstetrics
care and other procedures. VA has paid billions of dollars in such
fees, in violation of federal acquisition rules that the agencys own
general counsel has said since 2009 must be followed, Murray and other
officials acknowledged at the hearing.
Frustrated
lawmakers from both parties said the lack of contracts represented another
case of bureaucratic incompetence they said has become the order of the
day at VA.
If the atom bomb can be built and wars
conducted under the acquisition regulations, surely VA can deliver patient
care under them as well,
Rep. Mike Coffman
(R-Colo.),
chairman of the oversight panel, said, and later called the
contracting issues an example of bureaucratic
lawlessness.
But
VA officials said they would need to hire at least 600 employees to
write and oversee contracts for private care, an expense they cannot
afford. They also said that in rural areas in particular, many physicians
are nervous about doing business with the government and are wary of
the paperwork involved in a contract with
VA.
Phillipa
Anderson, VAs assistant general counsel for government contracting,
said that if a doctor or other clinician is paid, properly billed and
provides a service to a veteran, that effectively constitutes a
contract. But Frye and several lawmakers said that practice puts taxpayers and
veterans at risk.
When federal contracts are required
and you dont use them, there are terms and conditions that are
missing from the contract, Frye said. There are termination issues.
Disputes over fair and reasonable prices. A whole host of issues. Safety and
efficacy. Without them, the contractor is there to do what he or she
wants.
VA operates one of the largest health-care
systems in the country, spanning 150 hospitals and more than 800 outpatient
clinics. The agency has been struggling to serve not only the
veterans returning from Iraq and Afghanistan, but also a surge in veterans
who served in the 1960s and 1970s.
VA has been rocked
since last year by revelations about long wait times for veterans seeking
treatment for health issues including cancer and post-traumatic stress
disorder. McDonalds predecessor, Eric K. Shinseki, resigned as VA
secretary last year after a coverup of months-long hospital wait times
became public, and Congress has given the system $10 billion in new
funding to ramp up private medical care.
The agency is
urging Congress to pass legislation that would allow an expedited form of
purchasing care for veterans who need to go outside the VA system,
allowing the use of agreements other than those required by federal
acquisition regulations.
Washington Office
2443
Rayburn HOB
Washington, D.C.
20515
Phone: (202) 225-7882
Fax: (202) 226-4623
District Office
Cherry Creek Place IV
3300 S. Parker Road, Suite #305
Aurora, CO 80014
Phone: (720) 748-7514
Fax: (720) 748-7680
Unsubscribe
|
Update My Profile
|
Privacy Policy
gateway mail
end 