
Happy Father's Day!
Wishing all fellow dads a blessed and happy Fathers Day!
TPA, TPP
Whats the Difference?
TPA, TPP
whats the difference? Political news anchors arent even using the terms correctly and I can understand the confusion. TPA and TPP are
not
the same thing and I would like to take a few minutes to clear up the confusion and answer any questions you may have.
Trade Promotion Authority (TPA)
This week, the House voted again to establish TPA to bring transparency and accountability to international trade agreements. The text of TPA is
not
a secret. You can view the entire text
here .
I voted for TPA because Georgia jobs are too important to be left in the hands of an untrustworthy President and the Democratic Party who sunk their own priorities to hinder free trade and American competitiveness.
Currently, the President has the authority to negotiate trade agreements on his own and thats why TPA is so important.
President Obama has proven his complete disregard for our constitutional checks and balances and TPA prevents the President from entering into secret trade deals.
TPA is critical for Georgia jobs and the economic prosperity of our local economy. 1.2 million jobs in Georgia depend on international trade and, with two of the fastest growing ports in the country here in the First District, there is a great opportunity to increase this number. Unfortunately, American job creators are not playing on a level playing field and our trading partners will continue stacking the deck without the best possible trade agreements. TPA will accelerate these much-needed trade deals and ensure the American people have the final say.
Click
here
to see the importance of TPA to Georgia job creators like JCB North America, the Georgia Ports Authority, Rayonier Advanced Materials, Russell Landscape Companies and many more.
Additionally, TPA has wide conservative support because these conservative organizations and leaders, like me, do not trust our President and recognize that free trade is be a pillar of conservative principles. Many prominent conservative individuals and organizations have been outspoken in their support of free trade and TPA, here are a few:
Club for Growth
Americans for Tax Reform
American Conservative Union
Senator Ted Cruz
Congressman Paul Ryan
Taxpayers Protection Alliance
America Action Forum
Citizens against Government Waste
And many more.
Trans-Pacific Partnership (TPP)
The free trade agreement youve been hearing about in the secret room is the TPP. TPP is the name of the 12-nation trade talks that are currently going on.
Congress has not voted on the actual trade agreement yet . I have visited the room in the Capitol to review the text of TPP but thats not where it belongs. Wide sweeping trade deals should be available for the all Americans to see. However, without TPA, trade agreements will continue to stay locked in this room.
For the first time, TPA ensures trade agreements, like TPP, are posted online for
you
to read before it can go into effect.
Then before the agreement can legally go into effect, it must come to Congress for a vote. If the objectives outlined in TPA are not met, or Congress isnt satisfied by the final agreement, both the House of Representatives and the Senate retain their constitutional right to reject the final text of any trade agreement.
In Summary
A vote for TPA is
not
a vote for TPP or any trade agreement. My vote for TPA ensures transparency and holds the President accountable to deliver the strongest possible trade agreements that will boost American exports and benefit American workers and job creators.
From our Nation's Capitol XXII
Monday, June 15, 2015:
Im very fortunate to be able to return home from Washington on most weekends but traveling can certainly be challenging at times.
Today we sat on the runway in Savannah for almost an hour before finally being cleared to take off as we were told that air traffic in the Washington airport was backed up.
After finally arriving at the Capitol I head straight to our weekly whip meeting where we discuss the upcoming legislation for the week.
After a very stressful week last week, this weeks agenda appears to be less hectic but we are told that Trade Promotion Authority (TPA) could come back to be voted on without Trade Adjustment Assistance (TAA)
which failed last week
and to be prepared in case this happens.
After the whip meeting I head to the House chamber where we have our first and only votes of the day as we pass H. Res. 233, a bill that expresses the sense of the House of Representatives that Iran should immediately release the three U.S. citizens that it holds hostage.
We also pass H.R. 2559, a bill to designate the PFC Milton A. Lee Medal of Honor Memorial Highway in the State of Texas.
Tuesday, June 16, 2015:
After a meeting of the Republican Conference where the Speaker brought us up to date on the possible scenarios that may play out with the trade debate, I head to a meeting of the Education and the Workforce Committee where we have a hearing on Child Nutrition Assistance.
Afterwards, I attend a meeting of the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform where we are having a hearing with the Office of Personnel Management (OPM) regarding the recent data breach that has compromised the personal information of federal government employees.
Next, I head to a subcommittee meeting for Homeland Security where we are holding a hearing on how the Transportation Security Administration (TSA) which provides security at the nations airports can improve aviation worker vetting.
I am shocked to find out that the TSA has been accepting applications and hiring employees who are not required to provide their Social Security number and are only required to provide the first initial of their first name.
A link to my questions during the hearing can be
found here .
After we adjourn from the hearing we go into another meeting of the subcommittee where we pass two bills dealing with the TSA situation.
Next we go to the house chamber for our first vote series of the day before I head back to the office where we have our weekly staff meeting to discuss the events of last week and the upcoming week.
Normally we have our staff meetings immediately upon my arrival on fly in day, but this is literally the first time I have had to meet with staff since I have returned from the weekend. Afterwards, I head to an Education and the Workforce Subcommittee on Health, Employment, Labor and Pensions.
Later, I attend a subcommittee meeting of Oversight and Government Reform for a hearing on fair competition in international shipping.
Before heading back to the House chamber for our second and final series of votes, I meet with Rep. Mario Diaz-Balart (R-FL) who is a Cuban-American to discuss my experiences on my recent visit to Cuba.
Wednesday, June 17, 2015:
My day begins with a trip to the House Visitors Center (HVC) to the room that referred to as the vault.
This is a sound proof room where classified documents are stored and can be viewed by Members of Congress.
We are required to leave all electronic equipment (phones, etc.) outside.
Today, I am reviewing the Trans-Pacific Partnership (TPP) that is currently being negotiated by the executive branch.
Although the TPP is not finalized and certainly will have changes before being sent to Congress for final approval, it is available for viewing by Members of Congress at this time.
Like all pending trade agreements, it is considered a classified document and only available for review to those people with a certain security clearance.
It is important to note that under TPA, this and any trade agreement
must now be made public for at least 60 days before it is voted on by Congress for the first time in history.
The increased transparency called for by TPA is one of the primary reasons I voted for this legislation.
Afterwards, I head to a Committee on Oversight and Government Reform hearing on drones and their potential use in commerce before heading back to the HVC to speak to the Georgia Electric Membership Corporations Washington Youth Tour that includes 17 students from the First Congressional District.
Next, I head to a subcommittee hearing of Education and Workforce where we are questioning the Secretary of Labor on rules his department is trying to implement involving Fiduciarys roles in retiree products.
A link to my questions can be
found here .
Afterwards, I meet with representatives from Georgia who are part of the U.S. Global Leadership Coalition and then with Faye Montgomery and Pauline Shaw from the district who are visiting to advocate for autism.
Next, I attend a Republican Study Committee meeting where we discuss conservative legislation and the possible scenarios of the King vs. Burwell ruling that is expected to be announced in the very near future and could upend Obamacare by removing subsidies for those in states, like Georgia, where the federal government operates health care exchanges.
After attending a subcommittee hearing of the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform to discuss immigration concerns, I head to the House chamber for our first and only vote series of the day.
After votes are completed, I stay in the house chamber to speak in support of H.R. 1507, a Medicare reform bill being offered by Rep. Kevin Brady (R-TX).
Thursday, June 18, 2015:
Along with over 80 other House members I stay in my office when I am in Washington and shower every morning in the members gym after a morning workout.
The mood in the gym this morning is very somber as the TVs are reporting the news of nine church members who were murdered in Charleston, South Carolina yesterday.
Our thoughts and prayers are with the families and community as we try to comprehend why someone would commit such a senseless crime.
I am honored today to be the guest speaker at the weekly Georgia Business Council breakfast.
This group of Washington based representatives of Georgia companies and institutions such as Caterpillar, Emory Healthcare, Southern Company, and many others play an important role in keeping our delegation up to date on state issues.
After attending an Education and the Workforce Committee member roundtable on child nutrition programs, I head to the house chamber where we have our first vote series of the day followed by debate and then another series of votes where we pass TPA without TAA.
Later, I meet with Vietnamese-Americans from Georgia who are visiting Washington to voice their concerns about the proposed TPP agreement and human rights in Vietnam.
As I head to the airport for my return trip to Savannah I learn that my flight has been delayed and I will now be spending the next four hours in the airport.
WEBSITE
|
UNSUBSCRIBE
|
CONTACT
Click Here Click Here