
Rick's Weekly Report
To sign up click
HERE
Friend,
I enjoyed the opportunity to spend last week visiting with Georgians throughout the 12th district.
On Tuesday, I made my first official visit to Fort Gordon to tour the installation and receive briefings on operations and recent growth at the base.
I appreciated hearing from Major General Stephen Fogarty and Garrison Commander Colonel Sam Anderson about priorities for the installation, including needed infrastructure updates. Fort Gordon is an incredible asset to our military, and our district is proud to be the home of its critical missions.
You can learn more about my visit in
this recent article in the Augusta Chronicle
and
this story by NBC 26 .
( Congressman Allen stands with Maj. Gen. Fogarty (left) and Garrison Commander Col. Anderson (right) during his visit to Fort Gordon.)
After touring Fort Gordon, I spoke at the Augusta Young Professionals meeting about the latest business before Congress.
I was also grateful to be the keynote speaker at the Mayor's Prayer Breakfast in Augusta last Thursday, which was the National Day of Prayer.
What a great way to reflect upon the blessings we have as a nation and the power of faith in confronting the challenges before us.
(Congressman Allen speaks at the Mayor's Prayer Breakfast and visits with attendees.)
I always look forward to visiting schools throughout our district, and
on Friday, I was able to recognize several young students for excellence in reading.
These students participated in a Congressional challenge and read 20 or more books between September and December last year. It was a lot of fun to visit Appling County Primary and Elementary Schools and Collins Elementary and Middle School to congratulate the students and present them with a special certificate!
(Congressman Allen recognizes students in Appling County for excellence in reading).
(Congressman Allen visits with students at Collins Elementary and Middle School.)
(Congressman Allen stands with students at Collins Elementary and Middle School who received certificates for completing a special Congressional reading challenge.)
Last week, I was also able to sit down with WJBF's Brad Means to discuss my first four months in office and how Congress is working to get our country back on track.
In case you missed it, you can watch my interview on "The Means Report" online here.
I hope all mothers in Georgia's 12th district had a wonderful Mother's Day with family and friends.
As a son, husband, father, and grandfather, I am grateful every day for the selfless compassion and love of the wonderful mothers in my family and across our country. On April 29, Robin and I welcomed our eighth grandchild and our daughter Robin Anne's second daughter, Ellis Herrington Wills. We are truly blessed by this newest addition to our family and appreciate all the kind wishes we received from across the district.
(Congressman Allen's eighth grandchild, Ellis Herrington Wills, is pictured with his wife Robin Allen (left), and his son-in-law and granddaughter, Bob and Riley Kate Wills (right).)
Thank you to all the Georgians who took time to share their views with me last week in the district. I look forward to bringing your input back to Washington as the House returns to session today.
Sincerely,
Rick Allen
Member of Congress
WEBSITE
|
UNSUBSCRIBE
|
CONTACT
Click Here Click Here