DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.0 Transitional//EN" "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml1/DTD/xhtml1-transitional.dtd"
Email Newsletter
Recently in Washington
House Passes Simpsons Energy and Water Bill
House Energy and Water Chairman reverses Obama Administrations nuclear cuts, increases INL funding
Idaho Congressman Mike Simpson praised the House passage of the Fiscal Year 2016 Energy and Water Development Appropriations bill, which reverses proposed cuts to Idaho National Laboratory (INL), the Department of Energys Office of Nuclear Energy, and cleanup activities in Idaho. Simpson is Chairman of the House Appropriations Subcommittee on Energy and Water Development and had the lead role in deciding funding for all Department of Energy programs. The legislation passed the U.S. House of Representatives with a final vote of 240-177.
I am pleased to report that the Energy and Water bill rejects cuts proposed by the Obama Administration to nuclear energy programs and increases funding for many of the vital research efforts at INL, said Simpson. The funding increases we have been able to secure will build on our previous work, and continue to make a real impact accelerating nuclear innovation programs and addressing much needed infrastructure enhancements at INL.
These investments will make sure nuclear energy remains an important component of our nation's energy mix.
The FY 2016 Energy and Water Development Appropriations bill sets funding for the DOEs Office of Nuclear Energy at $936 million, an increase of $102.6 million above fiscal year 2015 and $28.5 million above the Presidents request.
Nuclear energy research and development programs that receive funding within the overall $936 million allocation include:
The Idaho Facilities Management account, which covers infrastructure maintenance and improvement at INL, is funded at $218.5 million
a $12.5 million increase over last year and $6.7 million above the Presidents request.
INLs Safeguards and Security Program is funded at $126.1 million
an increase of $22.1 million over fiscal year 2015.
The Nuclear Energy Enabling Technologies program is funded at $111 million
an increase of $10.6 million above fiscal year 2015 and $25 million above the Presidents request.
Small Modular Reactor Licensing Support Programs are funded at $62.5 million.
This funding is slated for NuScale Powers Small Modular Reactor which is proposed for construction in Idaho.
The Light Water Reactor Sustainability program, which is managed by INL and promotes the continued safe operation of Americas existing nuclear reactors, is funded at $40 million.
The Reactor Concepts Research, Development, and Demonstration account is funded at $141 million
an increase of $8.7 million above fiscal year 2015 and $33.5 million above the Presidents request. Within the overall $141 million level for this account, $33 million is allocated to fuel qualification for the High Temperature Gas Reactor.
Within the Fuel Cycle Research and Development program, the Advanced Fuels program is funded at $60.1 million, the same as fiscal year 2015; and Used Nuclear Fuel Disposition research and development is funded at $55 million, $16.5 million below fiscal year 2015.
Within the Office of Naval Reactors, the bill includes $71.2 million for the operation of the Advanced Test Reactor.
Within the Office of Electricity Delivery and Energy Reliability, the bill includes $5 million for the development of an Electric Grid Test Bed program to enhance existing full-scale electric grid testing capabilities like those at Idaho National Laboratory.
The bill provides $390 million for cleanup activities associated with the Idaho Cleanup Project and the Advanced Mixed Waste Treatment Project co-located on the Idaho desert with INL.
The funding level of $390 million is an increase of $10.5 million above fiscal year 2015 and $30 million above the Presidents request, which will allow the significant cleanup activities currently underway to continue. There is also an additional $2 million for the National Spent Fuel Program, putting the unique expertise of INL to work in order to provide solutions for managing the Department of Energys inventories of spent nuclear fuel.
Despite the Obama Administrations unilateral decision to disregard the federal governments legal requirement to take responsibility for civilian spent nuclear fuel, the bill contains funding to support the continued adjudication of the Yucca Mountain license application, ensuring the federal government will meet its commitments to Idaho and other states and dispose of used nuclear fuel.
Overall, the Energy and Water Development Appropriations bill provides $35.4 billion for the functions of the Department of Energy, the Army Corps of Engineers, the Bureau of Reclamation and a number of independent agencies, including direction for the Nuclear Regulatory Commission and the Bonneville Power Administration.
This is a responsible bill that prioritizes national security needs and improving our nation's infrastructure within tight budget caps, Simpson said.
As we do every year, we worked hard to incorporate perspectives from all members, and the result is legislation that makes critical investments in the maintenance and safety of our nuclear weapons stockpile, while also funding important infrastructure projects and research that will increase U.S. economic competitiveness and growth."
The bill will be conferenced with the Senate Energy and Water Appropriations bill later this year. The complete Committee Report can be found at:
http://appropriations.house.gov/uploadedfiles/hrpt-114-hr-fy2016-energywater.pdf
Simpson Secures Idaho Truck Weight Language
Idaho Congressmans language creates a level playing field with neighboring states which will result in a boost to Idahos economic activity
Idaho Congressman Mike Simpson has once again secured language in the House Transportation, Housing and Urban Development (THUD) Appropriations bill to allow trucks weighing up to 129,000 pounds on Idaho Interstates.
The current weight limit in Idaho of 105,500 pounds blocks trucks from entering the Interstate system, instead, relegating them to certain state highways or outside of Idaho completely.
Idahos neighbors Montana, Wyoming, Utah and Nevada all allow higher weights than Idaho, putting Idahos most important job creators, particularly agriculture, at a competitive disadvantage.
My language, which I first introduced in 2008, has been sought by the State of Idaho for years, and I am pleased to see it included in the House draft today, said Simpson. It would simply put Idaho on a level playing field with its neighbors and at the same time be a major generator of economic activity.
I am thankful to THUD Appropriations Chairman Diaz-Balart for including this provision in the bill.
Simpsons language comes after completion of a ten-year comprehensive Idaho study which found the weight increase would have no significant impact on roadway safety, nor would it significantly affect the structural soundness of Idahos bridges or pavement.
In fact, heavier trucks have more axels than traditional trucks, distributing the weight in such a way that it has less impact on the roadway and allows the truck to brake more efficiently and stop more abruptly if needed.
The weight increase would also take one of five trucks off the road.
I am well aware that when people hear that there will be heavier trucks on the highway they become concerned.
It seems logical that a heavier truck would be more dangerous.
However, that is not the case, said Simpson. These heavier trucks have been proven to be safe in Idaho. They are already using our state highways today.
This language will simply allow these same trucks to use the Interstate. It takes them off of smaller roadways and out of communities and puts them on the Interstate, where they belong.
The THUD bill was marked up and passed by the subcommittee, and will go to the full Appropriations Committee for consideration this week, before going to the House floor.
Last year, the bill, with Simpsons Idaho language included, passed in the House of Representatives, but it did not survive negotiations with the Senate.
Chairman Mike Simpson Protects States Water Rights
Defeats amendment that would allow expansion of federal jurisdiction over water
Idaho Congressman Mike Simpson, House Energy and Water Appropriations Subcommittee Chairman, has led a successful effort to defeat an amendment that would have stripped a section of the Energy and Water Appropriations bill prohibiting any changes to federal jurisdiction under the Obama Administrations Waters of the United States" proposal.
The proposed rule would expand the reach of the Clean Water Act by replacing the term navigable waters with the term waters of the United States.
Non-navigable waters are currently regulated by the states. Striking this term means that the Act could be broadly interpreted to included everything within a state, including ground water.
Chairman Simpson fought the amendment on the House floor stating, Many people believed that if the waters were not regulated under the Clean Water Act, they were unregulated.
Not true.
They are regulated by the states. And thats how it should remain. . .
While there may be a desire for clarity on federal jurisdiction, providing clarity does not trump the need to stay within the limits of the law.
The proposed rule would expand federal jurisdiction far beyond what was ever intended by the Clean Water Act.
The provision in the Energy and Water bill does not weaken the Clean Water Act; it stops the Administration from expanding federal jurisdiction.
For those reasons I strongly oppose this amendment and encourage my colleagues to vote no.
The amendment was offered by Representative Don Beyer (D-VA), and failed on a voice vote.
To view a video of Chairman Simpsons speech, click here:
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=UjLy2IR4RKc&amp;feature=youtu.be
Committee Schedule
Wednesday
At 10:15 a.m., the House Appropriations Committee will mark up the Fiscal Year 2016 Transportation, Housing and Urban Development Appropriations bill.
Floor Schedule
MONDAY, MAY 11TH
On Monday, the House is not in session.
TUESDAY, MAY 12TH
On Tuesday, the House will meet at meet at 12:00 p.m. for morning hour and 2:00 p.m. for legislative business. Votes will be postponed until 6:30 p.m.
H.R. 1732
- Regulatory Integrity Protection Act of 2015, Rules Committee Print (Structured Rule)
(Sponsored by Rep. Bill Shuster / Transportation and Infrastructure Committee)
The Rule provides for one hour of general debate and makes in order the following amendments:
Rep. Donna Edwards Amendment
(10 minutes of debate)
Rep. Dan Kildee Amendment
(10 minutes of debate)
Legislation Considered Under Suspension of the Rules:
1)
S. 665
- Rafael Ramos and Wenjian Liu National Blue Alert Act of 2015
(Sponsored by Sen. Ben Cardin / Judiciary Committee)
2)
H.R. 606
- Dont Tax Our Fallen Public Safety Heroes Act
(Sponsored by Rep. Erik Paulsen / Ways and Means Committee)
3)
H.R. 2146
- Defending Public Safety Employees Retirement Act
(Sponsored by Rep. David Reichert / Ways and Means Committee)
4)
H.R. 723
- Fallen Heroes Flag Act of 2015
(Sponsored by Rep. Peter King / House Administration Committee)
WEDNESDAY, MAY 13TH AND THE BALANCE OF THE WEEK
On Wednesday and Thursday, the House will meet at 10:00 a.m. for morning hour and 12:00 p.m. for legislative business.
On Friday, the House will meet at 9:00 a.m. for legislative business. Last votes expected no later than 3:00 p.m.
H.R. 1735
- National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2016, Rules Committee Print (Subject to a Rule)
(Sponsored by Rep. Mac Thornberry / Armed Services Committee)
H.R. 36
- Pain Capable Unborn Child Protection Act (Subject to a Rule)
(Sponsored by Rep. Trent Franks / Judiciary Committee)
H.R. 2048
- USA FREEDOM Act of 2015
(Sponsored by Rep. James Sensenbrenner / Judiciary Committee)
Possible Consideration of Legislation Related to the Iran Nuclear Agreement Review Act
Contact Mike
Issues
Other News
MEDIA CENTER
Congressman Simpson Opposes Expansion of Clean Water Act
If you are having trouble reading this message, try viewing the
web version
BIOGRAPHY
|
NEWS CENTER
|
ISSUES
|
SERVICES FOR YOU
|
2ND DISTRICT
|
CONTACT
Click Here Click Here