
Friend,
Today, I joined a bipartisan majority to advance Trade Promotion Authority (TPA) to assert Congress role in and bring transparency and accountability to international trade negotiations. The media and outside special interest groups have distorted this issue and I am sending this note to clarify what TPA is and to make sure you know how important TPA is for the First District of Georgia, as well as the entire nation.
I voted for this legislation for two very important reasons. First, TPA delivers the strongest possible trade agreements. With two of the busiest and fastest growing ports in the nation, international trade is a critical factor in the economic prosperity of the First District and all of Georgia. Unfortunately, America is falling behind.
Since 2007, there have been more than 100 trade agreements signed around the world and we were party to none and we cant afford to let that continue.
In order to create more opportunity and more jobs all across America, we need to open more markets to American-made products that will be exported through our ports like Savannah and Brunswick. TPA will expedite these much-needed agreements while giving the American people a voice in ensuring any deal benefits the American people.
Second, like many, I dont trust the President. Right now, trade agreements are being negotiated behind closed doors with no transparency and it cannot stand. I voted for TPA today to hold President Obama accountable and ensure any trade agreement is available for everyone to review.
I hope you will take a few minutes to read this
document
prepared by the House Ways and Means Committee and watch the following
floor statement
by Representative Paul Ryan, Chairman of Ways and Means, to answer any questions or address any concerns you may have about TPA.
Mr. Speaker, the question before us today is pretty simple. Is America going to shape the global economy? Or is it going to shape us?
Mr. Speaker, 95 percent of the worlds consumersthey dont in the United States. They live in other countries. So if we want to create jobs in America, we need to make more things here and sell them over there.
In fact, one out of every five American jobs already depends on trade. And thats a good thing. Because they pay more18 percent more on average. But while the world has been moving full steam ahead, weve been standing still.
We havent completed a trade agreement in years. There are now 262 FTAs in force all over the world. The U.S. is party to only 14.
Since 2007 (when TPA expired), there have been more than 100 trade agreements signed. The U.S. is party to none.
And in the global economy, if youre standing still, youre falling behind. Because other countries are negotiating trade agreements without us. Theyre tearing down barriers to their products and putting up barriers to our products.
For instance, between 2000 and 2010, the countries of East Asia negotiated 48 trade agreements. We were part of just two of them. As a result, our share of their imports fell by 42 percent. Meanwhile, China is negotiating trade agreements all over the world.
So the rules of the global economy are being written right now. The question is, are we going to write the rules . . . or is China? Thats why H.R. 1314, the Trade Act, would establish TPA or trade promotion authority.
Theres been a lot of confusion out there about what exactly TPA is. Lets get right to it. TPA is not a trade deal; its a process for negotiating trade deals.
Why should we care about a process? Because a good process will get us a good result.
TPA will give us the leverage we need to win a fair deal for the American worker. Because when other countries know the deal they agree to is the deal Congress will vote on, theyll put their best offers on table.
Heres how it works. Congress says to the President, When you submit a trade deal, well give it an up-or-down vote on three conditions.
First, youve got to pursue specific negotiating objectivesnearly 150 of them.
Second, youve got to regularly consult with Congress. Let us read the negotiating text. Give us regular briefings on the talks. Let us attend negotiating rounds.
Third, and perhaps most importantly, this bill requires the President to make the text of every trade agreement public 60 days before he signs off on it.
So the American people can read it themselves. This bill, for the first time ever, would put that requirement into law. And then at the end of the day, Congress gets the final say. No trade deal goes into effect unless Congress says so.
Now I understand a lot of our members dont trust the president. Neither do I. Thats precisely why I support this bill. TPA puts Congress in the drivers seat.
Mr. Speaker, the world is watching. If we dont do this, we will send a signal to the world that America is not reliable. But if we do establish TPA, we will show the world that America is once again taking the lead.
Georgia as well as our entire nation needs TPA. If you have any other questions or concerns, please do not hesitate to contact my office.
Sincerely,
Buddy
WEBSITE
|
UNSUBSCRIBE
|
CONTACT
Click Here Click Here