
Saturday, June 13, 2015
"A bold bill to save lives"
Dear Friend,
The 21 st
Century Cures Act is a breakthrough bill
a bold, nonpartisan piece of legislation designed to speed the delivery of life-saving drugs and devices to patients across the country. It is the product of more than a dozen listening and information gathering sessions during the past year
an unprecedented approach to legislating. My partner, Rep. Diana DeGette, D-Colorado, and I left no stone unturned in our quest for ideas and potential solutions on how Congress could work together to achieve a win for patients and families everywhere.
As we head into the next phase of this journey toward House passage, its important to remember a few key points about the 21 st
Century Cures Act.
The 21 st
Century Cures Act
cuts government red tape
by streamlining the drug and device review apparatus. In the 21 st
century, health care innovation is happening at lightning speed, but many government rules and regulations were developed in another era. The 21 st
Century Cures Act enables us to embrace all that modern technology has to offer, which includes unleashing the power of personalized medicine. Ultimately, this means more and better cures and treatments for patients, more quickly, while maintaining the current U.S. standards of excellence in patient safety and protection.
The 21 st
Century Cures Act
will help create jobs and boost our economy . In my home state of Michigan, we stand proudly on the
cutting edge of medical innovations
at research labs, universities, and medical device manufacturers. In order to remain the worldwide leader in health care and medical innovation, we need the 21 st
Century Cures Act. If we lose the lead, we lose with it thousands of U.S. jobs to places like China. From small medical device manufacturers to large biomedical research facilities, and everything in between
medical innovation spurs U.S. economic growth and creates local, good-paying jobs from coast to coast. Keeping these jobs here at home also means patients here have access to the result of this work faster.
The 21 st
Century Cures Act
is fiscally responsible . It makes targeted increases to funding of the National Institutes of Health and the Food and Drug Administration alongside policy changes to ensure that the agencies can operate more efficiently and effectively. These increases are fully offset elsewhere in the legislation. Increasing funding for research is also an investment in our future and one that will lead to savings that come from more effective cures and treatments for disease. These savings can help drive down the costs of our nations entitlement programs
the leading drivers of our deficits and debt.
The 21 st
Century Cures Act recognizes that
health care is uniquely personal and private . Thats why, even as the legislation works to improve communication and collaboration among researchers, patients, and practitioners, it maintains critical privacy protections and limits data sharing provisions to those covered by all the HIPAA privacy and security rules.
The fight to treat and cure disease is an urgent national priority. The 21 st
Century Cures Act will help patients, cut government red tape, and help create jobs and boost our economy. It is fiscally responsible and maintains health care privacy. These are principles everyone should agree on. The 21 st
Century Cures Act is a bold initiative, but at its core it is very straightforward: save and improve lives.
If you have feedback or would like to read more about the 21 st
Century Cures Act, please visit our
website , engage with us on
Facebook
or
Twitter
using the hashtag
#Cures2015 .
To learn more about this and other legislative issues, please visit
my website .
God Bless,
-Fred
Fred Upton
Member of Congress
Washington, DC Office
2183 Rayburn House Office Bldg
Washington, DC 20515
T: (202) 225-3761 | F: (202) 225-4986
St. Joseph/Benton Harbor District Office
720 Main Street
St. Joseph, MI 49085
T: (269) 982-1986 | F: (269) 982-0237
Kalamazoo District Office
157 South Kalamazoo Mall, Suite 180
Kalamazoo, MI 49007
T: (269) 385-0039 | F: (269) 385-2888
WEBSITE
|
UNSUBSCRIBE
|
CONTACT
Click Here Click Here