
Website
|
About
|
Contact Me
|
Serving You
|
Media Center
|
Legislative Work
|
Our District
|
Resources
May 29, 2015
The Scalise Capitol Report
In The News
Federal appeals court refuses to lift hold on Obama's immigration order
Rep. Steve Scalise Introduces Bill to Relax Restrictions on Interstate Firearm Sales
Obama admin asserts dominion over creeks, streams, wetlands, ditches
even big puddles
Memorial Day: Obama/Scalise pay tribute to sacrifices of U.S. troops
Scalise meets A-Rod
Preparing For The 2015 Hurricane Season
We are in the midst of National Hurricane Preparedness Week, a time to learn more about the hazards and dangers associated with these powerful storms and to get ready for the months ahead. The
hurricane season runs from June 1 through November 30 , and I encourage you to have a plan in place in the event that a hurricane or tropical storm threatens our coastline. Please take the time to learn evacuation routes, assemble a disaster kit, and discuss the effects these life-threatening weather events can have on our community.
Since 1963, almost 90 percent of tropical cyclone deaths were related to water, not wind
It is vital that we are all prepared and take steps to mitigate and respond to the challenges that hurricanes can create. Get a game plan, know the risks, stay updated, and
please visit my website
for more information on storm preparation tips, evacuation procedures, and Twitter handles to follow for updates.
Click on the hurricane season checklist above to prepare for hurricane season
Upholding The Rule Of Law
Our nation saw a big win for the Constitution this week, thanks to a ruling by the Fifth Circuit Court of Appeals in New Orleans. The court blocked implementation of President Obamas attempt to grant blanket amnesty to millions of people that are living in America illegally. This crucial ruling serves as yet another reminder that the President cannot ignore the constitutional separation of powers. It's time for President Obama to abandon his divisive attempts to write his own immigration laws and start working with Congress to not only secure the border, but to also uphold the laws of our great nation.
Rejecting Federal Regulation Of Puddles
In the latest extreme overreach by this Administration, the Environmental Protection Agency (EPA) and the Army Corps of Engineers (Corps) have issued a rule that gives the agencies control over all of Americas streams, creeks, drainage ditches, brooks, backyard ponds, tributaries, and wetlands. This attempt to redefine navigable waterways is a radical regulatory overreach that threatens to take away the rights of property owners and will lead to costly litigation and lost jobs. The Republican House is committed to fighting this ludicrous and unrealistic policy, which is why we passed bipartisan legislation earlier this month to stop EPA and the Corps from moving forward with this misguided proposal. This finalized
and newly named
Clean Water Rule will only lead to more American jobs being shipped overseas at the expense of our nations economy.
It is an honor to represent you in Congress. For more information please visit my
website ,
Twitter ,
Instagram , and
Facebook
pages.
God Bless,
Steve Scalise
House Majority Whip
WEBSITE
|
UNSUBSCRIBE
|
CONTACT
Washington DC Office
2338 Rayburn HOB
Washington, DC 20515
Phone: (202) 225-3015
Houma Office
8026 Main Street
Suite 700
Houma, LA 70360
Phone: (985) 879-2300
Metairie Office
110 Veterans Boulevard
Suite 500
Metairie, LA 70005
Phone: (504) 837-1259
Mandeville Office
21454 Koop Drive
Suite 1E
Mandeville, LA 70471
Phone: (985) 893-9064
Hammond Office
1514 Martens Drive
Suite 10
Hammond, LA 70401
Phone: (985) 340-2185
Click Here Click Here