DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.0 Transitional//EN" "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml1/DTD/xhtml1-transitional.dtd"
If you are having trouble reading this email,
please view the web version .
Horseracing Legislation
In 1978, Congress authorized interstate gambling and pari-mutuel wagering on horse racing. Since that time, the horse racing industry has been plagued by corruption, animal abuse, and rampant cheating. The vast majority of race horses are drugged on race days, and about two dozen of them die on race tracks each week. Jockeys have been injured, and even killed, when horses breakdown and collapse during races.
That is why, two days before the Kentucky Derby, I joined with Democrat Senator Tom Udall of New Mexico to introduce legislation that would take back this privilege of wagering that Congress granted exclusively to this troubled industry. Congress authorized this wagering with the understanding that the industry would conduct horse racing with integrity and uniform rules, including no drugs on race day, but that understanding has been proven wrong for decades..
Senate Passes Iran Nuclear Agreement Review Act
On Thursday, the Senate passed, by a vote of 98 to 1, a bill to require any agreement which President Obama reaches with the Islamic Republic of Iran regarding their nuclear program, to be reviewed by Congress before enactment. Under this legislation, Congress would vote not whether to approve the agreement, but vote whether to disapprove of it. The bill would also require the President to notify Congress within ten days of any Iranian breach of the agreement.
Iran is generally estimated to be two to three months away from obtaining a nuclear weapon. This possibility is a threat to us all, not only to those in the Middle East, but to the peace and stability of the world.
Celebrating the 70th V-E Day
Friday, May 8, is V-E Day. Washington, D.C. celebrated with a fly-over of the National Mall and the Capitol by dozens of planes from the World War II Era grouped into 15 formations. We must all honor and respect every veteran who has served this country, and to recall the indispensable role of the United States in safeguarding the world from fascism in the 1940s. As a veteran, I thank all of my fellow veterans, and all of those now serving our country. It may be said of our veterans what Winston Churchill said of his Royal Air Force, that never...was so much owed by so many to so few.
Op-ed of the Week: The Importance of Trade
One out of every five jobs in the United States, around 38 million, depend upon trade. In Pennsylvania alone, 1.6 million jobs depend on trade. According to the U.S. Trade Representative, every additional billion dollars in American exported goods means 6,000 more American jobs. Every billion dollars of service exports supports more than 4,500 jobs.
Without customers, businesses fail, people lose their jobs, and families can lose their livelihood. Government restrictions on imports only forces Pennsylvanians either to buy goods they dont want, which usually means making them pay more. That is a waste of hard-earned money.
Read more in this weeks OP-ED .
Facebook
Podcast
Tell Joe Your Opinion
Issues
The 16th District
Ask Joe For Help
The Government
Legislation
Press
About Joe Pitts
Photo Gallery
Please feel free to
forward this email to your friends and family .
Recent Videos
Opening Statement on ISIS Human Rights Abuses
Rep. Pitts opens a Human Rights Commission hearing on the abuses of the Islamic State.
A Permanent Replacement to the Sustainable Growth Rate
Rep. Pitts leads debate on the bill to permanently replace the flawed Medicare Sustainable Growth Rate.
Washington, D.C. Office
420 Cannon House Office Building
Washington, DC 20515
(1st Street and Independence Avenue)
202-225-2411
202-225-2013 (fax)
Chester County Office
Post Office Box 837
Unionville, PA 19375
(Routes 82 and 926)
610-444-4581
610-444-5750 (fax)
Lancaster Office
150 North Queen Street
Suite 716 (7th floor)
Lancaster, PA 17603
717-393-0667
717-393-0924 (fax)
Click Here Click Here