
If you are having trouble viewing this
message or would like to share it on a social network, you can
view the message online .
About Lynn
|
Constituent Services
|
Issues
|
Media Center
|
Legislative
Center
|
Georgia's Third District
|
Contact Me
May 17, 2015
May is
Military Appreciation
Month
On the last Monday in May each year, our nation
remembers the lives of those brave Americans who gave their lives for our
freedom. Memorial Day is a widely known day, but many dont know that
back in 1999, the entire month of May was declared Military
Appreciation Month. Its a month long celebration to honor those who have given
their life, served, or currently serve our nation.
We are
blessed to have such dedicated soldiers who defend our nation and fight for
liberty and freedom for
all.
As a community, its our responsibility to give back to those who gave
their all for us. During Military Appreciation Month, I encourage you
to look for ways to thank those who have served or currently serve in
our military. You can create a care package to send to our troops,
greet service men and women coming home at the airport, or write a thank
you note to your grandparent or neighbor for their service. Military
Appreciation Month doesnt stop at those who serve, but includes the
spouses, children, families, friends, and communities of those who
serve. Their love and support provide our soldiers strength for the
battles they face coming home.
As your Congressman, I can also assist veterans by serving as an
advocate between the veteran and the Veterans Administration. My office
can help get a case moving along and make sure the veteran receives
the benefits they put their life on the line for. I will also continue
to support legislation in Congress that ensures our troops have the
tools they need to combat terrorism and to keep our country safe. I will
continue to support solutions to reform and improve the Veterans
Administration so our soldiers get the mental and physical help they
need.
Without our brave
service men and women, our nation would not be the greatest in the world as
it is today. During this month and all the days of the year, may we
never forget all those who gave the ultimate sacrifice, and let us be
forever grateful for those who fight for our ability to live
free.
Share on Facebook
Share on
Twitter
House Votes to Protect
Farmers From EPA
Overreach
Tuesday, I voted in support of H.R. 1732, the Regulatory
Integrity Protection Act, to protect Georgia farmers from proposed
regulations by the Environmental Protection Agency (EPA). H.R. 1732 upholds
the integrity of the federal-state partnership to regulate our nations
waters by preserving existing rights and responsibilities with
respect to waters of the United States under the Clean Water
Act.
The EPA is constantly trying to bypass
state and local governments, when they are the ones that know the land
and water sources the best. Ive spoken to farmers across the Third
District and the state of Georgia, and this overreach onto their property
is a huge concern to them. Weve seen the EPA regulating outside its
authority time and time again, and we will continue to fight to put an
end to it.
Under the EPAs
proposed rule, the Clean Water Act could regulate waters in ditches,
man-made ponds, floodplains, streams, and seasonally-wet areas
burdening
and even threatening jobs in the agricultural industry. The Regulatory
Integrity Protection Act gives the EPA and Army Corps of Engineers 30
days to withdraw the current proposed rule and requires them to
develop a new proposed rule that must take into consideration local and
state concerns.
The Regulatory
Integrity Protection Act requires the federal government to work with state
and local communities to find a solution that best fits their needs.
By restoring trust, transparency, and integrity to the decision making
process, we can find a solution that protects both our water and our
jobs, and isnt just in the interest of Washington bureaucrats
but
for the farmers and hard-working Americans who provide for our
nation.
Share on Facebook
Share on
Twitter
Westmoreland Votes to Protect
Americas Unborn
Children
The U.S. House of Representatives passed H.R.
36, the
Pain Capable Unborn Child Protection Act. This bill prohibits abortions
after 20 weeks
the point at which babies can feel pain in the womb.
In addition to supporting H.R. 36,
I am an original co-sponsor
of H.R. 426, the Sanctity of Life Act, which declares that human life
begins with fertilization.
As a
father of three and a grandfather of seven, protecting the life of an
unborn child is my responsibility not only as a member of Congress, but
as a Christian. Life begins at conception, and just as we protect
those who have already been born we must also do for those who have yet to
be born. Expanding the ban on late-term abortions to national policy
protects more human lives, and the Sanctity of Life Act will give more
innocent children a chance at life. Their lives are the most
vulnerable and we must be the voice for the
voiceless.
H.R. 36, the Pain Capable Unborn Child Protection Act is
supported by numerous pro-life organizations, including the National
Right to Life Committee, and the bill now heads to the Senate for a
vote. H.R. 426, the Sanctity of Life Act will be sent to the House
Judiciary Committee to be scheduled for a hearing, and I urges the
committee to quickly bring it to a vote.
Share on
Facebook
Share on Twitter
Join the Conversation
Tell a
Friend
E-mail:
In Other News
Westmoreland: Spring 2015
I've been staying busy
both in Washington, D.C. and back home in GA-03. Check out my Facebook
album for photos of what I've been up
to...
The Atlanta
Journal-Constitution: Morning Jolt
Georgias nos came at it from
differing viewpoints. Westmoreland said Congress shouldnt review a
deal because there shouldnt be a deal at all: I could not support the
Iran Nuclear Agreement Review Act because I do not believe we should
be making a deal with Iran in the first
place..."
FairTax.org:
Congressman Lynn Westmoreland: FAIRtax
The Answer To Our Broken Tax
System
Before I had the privilege of serving the good people
of Georgias Third Congressional District, I was the proud owner of a
small building company in Fayette County,
Georgia
The Select
Committee on Benghazi:Benghazi Committee Releases Letter on State
Department Compliance Failure, Clinton
Select Committee on
Benghazi Chairman Trey Gowdy today sent a letter to Secretary of State
John Kerry on the Departments failure to produce responsive emails
and records for top State officials more than a half-year after they
were first requested...
Daily
News: Hillary Clinton will not appear before House Benghazi Committee
next week: official
Hillary Clinton wont be
appearing before the House Benghazi Committee next week after all, a
committee member told the Daily News Wednesday. "No, nope, it won't happen
next week and I doubt if it happens the week after that," said Rep. Lynn
Westmoreland (R-Ga.)
Peach
Pundit: House Votes For Resolution That Would Protect Farmers From EPA
Overreach
Congressman Lynn Westmoreland (R-GA-03)
voted in favor of HR 1732 in response to the EPAs new proposed rule
that would allow them to regulate man-made ponds, ditches, and other
water areas usurping local and state environmental
regulations
Capitol
Words: Honoring Shane Fenley
Rep. Lynn Westmoreland.
Mr. Speaker, I come before you today to recognize an act of great
kindness by one of my constituents, Shane
Fenley
Digital Music News: 200
Members of Congress Vow to Block Any New Radio
Taxes
Supporter list a/o Wednesday, May 13th, 2015Lynn Westmoreland
(GA-3)
WASHINGTON,
DC OFFICE 2202 Rayburn House Office
Bldg Washington, DC 20515 Phone (202) 225-5901 Fax (202) 225-2515
THIRD DISTRICT OFFICE
1601-B East Highway 34 Newnan, Georgia
30265 Phone (770) 683-2033 Fax (770) 683-2042
Unsubscribe
|
Update My Profile
|
Privacy
Policy
