
[if (gte mso 9)]>
<![endif]
Rep. Bob Goodlatte
Keeping Internet Access Tax-free...Permanently
The clock is
ticking down on a key law that protects Internet freedom. On October 1, 2015, a temporary moratorium on state taxation of Internet access will expire.
In 1998, Congress temporarily banned state and local governments from
newly taxing Internet access. This ban has since been extended five times with enormous bipartisan support. If the moratorium is not renewed or made
permanent, the potential tax burden on consumers could be substantial. To make matters worse, this tax is regressive: as a share of income, low income
households pay ten times as much in communications taxes as high income households. For most families and businesses, the last thing they want to see
is a puzzling array of new taxes on their Internet service bills.
The
Permanent Internet Tax Freedom Act
is a simple fix.
This bipartisan legislation, which I introduced, would make the ban
on Internet access taxes permanent. Earlier this month, it
cleared
the first hurdle
by easily passing the House of Representatives. It now awaits action in the Senate, where I hope lawmakers will act quickly to
pass this vital piece of legislation that will protect American consumers and help keep the Internet affordable.
Today&rsquo;s Internet connects communities in the Sixth District with people throughout the United States
and across the globe. Whether business owners, jobseekers, grandparents or students, all Americans benefit from tax-free access to the Internet.
Internet access drives innovation and the success of our economy. The importance of ensuring access to this incredible gateway to knowledge,
opportunity, and entrepreneurship cannot be understated.
Many people
know Max Levchin&rsquo;s story.
He came to America from the Soviet Union at age 16.
His family had $300 in their pockets, and he learned English by
watching an old TV set he hauled out of a dumpster and repaired. Ten years later, he sold PayPal, the well-known Internet payments platform he
cofounded, for $1.5 billion.
That is the greatness of the Internet. It
offers that kind of opportunity to anyone willing to invest their time and efforts. This opportunity is precisely why I have worked in Congress to
keep Internet access tax-free for families and innovators alike.
Year
after year, Congress has chosen to temporarily extend the bipartisan ban on Internet access taxes. The time has come to make this ban permanent, once
and for all. The
Permanent Internet Tax Freedom Act
(PITFA) prevents a surprise tax hike on Americans&rsquo; Internet services and, in turn,
ensures tax-free access to the Internet, the modern gateway to the American dream.
Honoring An Impressive Achievement
Over 600 hours of voluntary service? That's just
part of the hard work Matthew Higgs completed on the road to earning the Congressional Award Gold Medal. It was
an
honor to meet
Matthew this week and congratulate him on this
achievement.
I hope his service to the Roanoke Valley will encourage other young adults to do the same in their communities. For more
information on the Congressional Award,
click here . It's a
great opportunity for Sixth District youth to serve their community and better themselves at the same time.
Happy Father's
Day!
Have a great day celebrating all of the Dads. I am
especially thankful for our military families who may be spending this weekend without loved ones who are not able to be at home.
Photos of the
Week
Left to right: I enjoyed taking in the beauty of the
Sixth District on a hike of Read Mountain; It was good to see so many folks at the Juneteenth celebration in Roanoke; Thanks to this group of
pharmacists from the District for meeting in my DC office.
# # #
www.Goodlatte.House.Gov
This message was
generated from an unattended mailbox.
Should you have further questions, please visit the &quot; Contact Bob &quot;
section of my website or call my office at (202) 225-5431.
This message was intended for:
dj724530@gmail.com
You were added to the system November 2, 2013.
For more information
click here .
Update your preferences
Unsubscribe
|
Unsubscribe via email
