
Monday, May 18, 2015
WEBSITE
|
FORWARD TO A FRIEND
| SHARE ON:
Make sure to enable photos in your email browser!
It was a busy week in Congress, with the House of Representatives passing legislation ranging from reforming the NSA to reining in EPA regulations and from protecting the life of the unborn to providing for our military last week.
Take a moment to read more and take part in a short survey at the end of this email:
Real Reforms to the NSA
Last week, the House of Representatives passed the
USA Freedom Act , significant legislation to preserve our intelligence gathering capabilities while increasing privacy protections. This legislation is real, significant reform
that balances security needs and privacy rights:
Prohibits bulk collection of ALL records under Section 215 of the PATRIOT Act, the FISA pen register authority, and national security letter statutes.
Prevents government overreach: The bulk collection prohibition is strengthened by prohibiting large-scale, indiscriminate collection, such as all records from an entire state, city, or zip code.
Increases civil liberty protections.
Restricts government overreach at the FISA courts.
In the Senate, this legislation is sponsored by Senators ranging from Mike Lee of Utah and Ted Cruz from Texas to Patrick Leahy of Vermont and Al Franken of Minnesota, demonstrating the wide bipartisan support for these reforms.
Defending the Unborn
House passes Pain-Capable Unborn Child Protection Act (H.R. 36)
Have a bill or letter you would like me to support?
Let me know here.
More Ways to Connect
Facebook
Twitter
YouTube
Two years ago, abortionist Dr. Kermit Gosnell was convicted of killing numerous pre-maturely born babies by severing their spines immediately after birth, one of many abortion procedures scientifically known to inflict tremendous pain on unborn children as young as 20 weeks.
Last Wednesday, the House of Representatives
passed
the Pain-Capable Unborn Child Protection Act
(H.R. 36), legislation that would put an end to painful late-term abortion in America. I am a proud cosponsor and supporter of this legislation. I believe that life begins at conception and am committed to protecting the lives of the unborn, as well as their mothers. This legislation is a strong, commonsense step in the right direction.
Preventing a Bad Deal with Iran
For the past several months, the Obama administration has been negotiating a deal with Iran, offering to lift U.S. sanctions in exchange for the promise of a nuclear-free Iran.
The Constitution makes clear that Congress has a vital role to play in foreign policy decisions. That's why I supported the
Iran Nuclear Agreement Review Act
(H.R. 1191), which passed the House on Thursday. This legislation gives Congress the power to review (and possibly reject) the President's nuclear deal with Iran before any Congressional sanctions against Iran can be waived or suspended.
We simply cannot allow Iran to develop a nuclear weapon. A bad deal with Iran is a bad deal for the American people and the global community at large.
Click here to read more about the Iran Nuclear Agreement Review Act.
Honoring our Heroes in Blue
2015 National Police Week
This past week, we recognized more than 900,000 law enforcement officers across the United States who risk their lives daily to protect and serve our communities.
In honor of National Police Week, the House passed a series of bills to help ensure the safety of all officers, and to support officers who have been injured or killed in the line of duty as well as their families.
Don't Tax our Fallen Public Safety Heroes Act (H.R. 606)
This bill prohibits the federal government from taxing benefits given to surviving dependents of public safety officers who died in the line of duty.
Defending Public Safety Employees' Retirement Act (H.R. 2146)
H.R. 2146 allows federal public safety officers to access retirement savings at
the age of 50 after 20 years of service without facing a 10% tax.
Rafael Ramos and Wenjian Liu National Blue Alert Act (S. 665)
In honor of NYPD officers Rafael Ramos and Wenjian Liu who were ambushed and killed last December, S. 665 creates a nationwide Blue Alert System that notifies citizens and other public officials when law enforcement officers have been threatened, injured, or killed, so violent criminals can be quickly apprehended.
District Travels
During the House's last district work period, I made several stops around Ohio's Second District:
Visited the
Scioto Career Technical Center
in Lucasville to chat with students and teachers about the programs they offer to prepare our young adults for today's workforce.
Stopped by
Adena Home Care
in Chillicothe to talk to administrators about a variety of issues facing our district's local home healthcare industry.
Attended the
EmpowerU
spring finale in Cincinnati, where I spoke about the national security threats we face in the 21st Century, from terrorism to cybersecurity, and the future of our military and role in the world.
Ensuring a Strong National Defense
Answering 21st Century threats with 21st Century capabilities for our military
The Constitution tasks Congress with providing for the common defense, a responsibility I take very seriously. That's why I was proud to support the 2016 National Defense Authorization Act (NDAA), which passed the House on Friday.
The world is not getting any safer. This legislation will provide greater assurance Department of Defense can meet our security needs. In the face of rising threats and aggression from foes abroad, providing for our common defense is not something we can do on the cheap.
Click here to read more about the 2016 NDAA .
Constituent Survey
Do you think free trade is an important part of a free market economy?
NOTE: Please DO NOT respond to this email as this inbox is unattended. To contact my office please
click here
Connect:
WASHINGTON, D.C. OFFICE
1318 Longworth H.O.B.
Washington, DC 20515
P:
(202) 225-3164
F:
(202) 225-1992
HAMILTON COUNTY OFFICE
7954 Beechmont Ave, Suite 200
Cincinnati, OH 45255
P:
(513) 474-7777
F:
(513) 605-1377
PEEBLES OFFICE
170 North Main St.
Peebles, OH 45660
P:
(513) 605-1380
F:
(937) 798-4024
UNION TOWNSHIP OFFICE
4350 Aicholtz Rd.
Cincinnati, OH 45245
P:
(513) 605-1389
UNSUBSCRIBE
|
PRIVACY POLICY
|
CONTACT US
Click Here Click Here