
If you
are having trouble viewing this message or would like to share it on a
social network, you can
view the message online .
Putting Utahns in Control of
Environmental Conservation!
One of the great triumphs of the
so-called environmental movement was the passage of the Endangered Species
Act (ESA) in 1969. But in the subsequent decades, the ESA has done more
to inhibit economic activity, undermine local conservation efforts,
and commandeer private property, than it has done to protect endangered
species.
Few understand this better than the citizens of
southwest Utah.
In 1974, the federal government listed the
Utah prairie dog as an endangered species under the ESA, granting the
U.S. Fish and Wildlife Service regulatory control over all land
containing Utah prairie dog habitat, much of which is found in and around
Cedar City.
The prairie dog population boomed as a result of
their new protected status, which made it illegal
punishable by hefty
fines and even jail time
to harass, harm, hunt, wound, kill, or trap
the Utah prairie dog.
The species was later reclassified
to "threatened," but the federal government continued enforcing its
harsh penalties. And so the prairie dogs continued to multiply under the
armed guardianship of Fish and Wildlife agents. The population was
recently estimated to exceed 40,000.
While the prairie dogs
have never had it so good, the consequences of their proliferation have
been devastating to the residents of southwest Utah.
Last
November, a U.S. District Court in Utah upheld a challenge to the
federal government's authority under the Commerce Clause to regulate the
habitat of the Utah prairie dog. This decision
the first of its kind
in a federal court
was a welcome development, but for local
officials, it is not a permanent solution.
That's why I recently
introduced in the Senate, along with Senator Orrin Hatch, the Native
Species Protection Act, which would clarify that the federal government
has no regulatory jurisdiction over a single-state
species.
Click here to read more about this
proposal
Notable
Events:
Senator Lee
hosts dinner to recognize Utah youth appointed to U.S. Military
Academies.
As a United States Senator, I
have the privilege of nominating young men and women in Utah to attend
our nations distinguished service academies. I hosted a dinner last
Friday for those youth I personally nominated this year who have
received an academy appointment. In an unprecedented year, 20 students whom
I nominated were appointed by an academy and will be attending West
Point, the Naval Academy, or Air Force
Academy.
See the pictures
here
Lee hires new Energy and
Natural Resources Legislative
Assistant
This week, I announced that I hired Chris Prandoni to serve as
my new Energy and Natural Resources Legislative Assistant. Prior to
joining my staff, starting on Wednesday, May 6, Prandoni was the
Director of Energy and Environment Policy at Americans for Tax Reform, where
he managed their energy portfolio covering oil and natural gas policy,
as well as mining, electricity generation, and utility interests.
I
am glad to have him on
board .
Sign up for my next
Tele-townhall
Click here to
join
Share on Facebook Share on Twitter
Washington, D.C.
Office
361A Russell Senate Office
Building
Washington, D.C., 20510
Phone: 202.224.5444
Fax: 202.228.1168
Salt Lake City
Wallace F. Bennett Federal Building
125 South State, Suite 4225
Salt Lake City, UT
84138
Phone: 801.524.5933
Fax: 801.524.5730
St. George
Office of
Senator Michael S. Lee
285 West
Tabernacle, Suite 200
St. George, UT
84770
Phone: 435.628.5514
Unsubscribe
|
Update My Profile
|
Privacy Policy
