
May 11, 2015
Friends,
I'm about to get on a plane to head back to D.C., but I wanted to give you a quick update from my time in the 4th Congressional District this past week.
I was very encouraged by what I saw and heard. I met with students at two different high schools, spoke with the Asian Chamber of Commerce and at Hispanics in Politics, and learned more about the issues small businesses in our community face.
(Scroll down for photos!)
You might've heard, President Obama is exploring the possibility of establishing a new national monument in the 4th district, which could have serious implications for national security.
Click here to read what I have to say about it, and to see the internal draft document my office obtained.
I'm also concerned about how long we've kept our Pahrump and Nye County veterans waiting for a new clinic.
Click here to read the letter I sent to Secretary of Veterans Affairs Robert A. McDonald, demanding progress on this much-needed facility.
Lastly, if you arent already doing so, be sure to keep up with me on
Facebook ,
Twitter
and
YouTube , where you can find more in-depth content about how Im serving you on a daily basis.
Serving you,
Cresent Hardy
Member of Congress
May 2-11 - Photos in the District
LAS VEGAS
Congressman Cresent Hardy (NV-4) speaks at a Hispanics In Politics breakfast May 6, 2015, where he shared his views on education, immigration, and small business, and fielded questions from the audience on a wide array of pressing issues.
MESQUITE, Nev.
Congressman Cresent Hardy (NV-4) greets constituents prior to the start of the Mesquite Days parade May 2, 2015. The congressman, a native of the city, was on hand to serve pancakes that morning, and drove his classic car in the parade.
LAS VEGAS, Nev.
Congressman Cresent Hardy (NV-4) speaks at the Night to Honor Israel 2015 event at Word of Life Christian Center May 5, 2015, where he urged continued support for the State of Israel. Highlights from the evening included a keynote address from Irving Roth, a Holocaust Survivor, and former Israeli Prime Minister Ehud Barak.
NORTH LAS VEGAS, Nev.
Congressman Cresent Hardy (NV-4) greets Larry Washington, proprietor of Love's Barbershop, and congratulates him on his successful small business. Hear more about Larry's story this Wednesday, with Beth Fisher's Positively Las Vegas story on KTNV Channel 13.
NORTH LAS VEGAS, Nev.
Congressman Cresent Hardy (NV-4) tries his hand as a clerk during a visit to a Green Valley Grocery convenience store May 6, 2015, in the 4th Congressional District, where he heard how federal regulations affect this small business and others like it. The congressman, who worked at a service station when he was younger, said he was encouraged by the team's enthusiasm and hard work ethic.
LAS VEGAS
Congressman Cresent Hardy (NV-4) meets with members of the Northwest Career and Technical Academy Science Bowl team May 7, 2015. The students recently competed at the National Science Bowl. Check out a
video of the students competing here .
LAS VEGAS
Congressman Cresent Hardy (NV-4; back-left row) meets with members of the Cimarron-Memorial High School robotics team, the "987 High Rollers," who came in second at the FIRST Robotics Competition 2015 world championships. The team, which is in the 4th Congressional District, seeks real-world and industrial applications for their work. Check the team out
here on Twitter , and
click here to watch highlights
from their competition at regionals.
LAS VEGAS
Congressman Cresent Hardy (NV-4) meets with business and community leaders at an Asian Chamber of Commerce event May 7, 2015.
NORTH LAS VEGAS, Nev.
Congressman Cresent Hardy (NV-4) listens to concerns and ideas from community leaders during a Small Business Roundtable he hosted at his District Office. The Congressman is a member of the House Small Business Committee, where he is the chairman of the Subcommittee on Investigations, Oversight, and Regulations. Among the participants were Nevada Secretary of State Barbara Cegavske, U.S. Small Business Administration Nevada District Director Bob Holguin, and Lyndee Cichon, Director of Diversify Nevada's Procurement Technical Assistance Center.
Congressman Cresent Hardy represents Nevadas 4th Congressional District. He serves on the House Committee on Natural Resources, the House Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure, and the House Small Business Committee.
WEBSITE
|
UNSUBSCRIBE
|
CONTACT
Click Here Click Here