
SIGN YOUR NAME:
Demand Congress expand early voting nationwide &gt;&gt;
Across the country, Republicans are attacking the right to vote. But Hillary Clinton is fighting back! On Thursday, she proposed a bold plan to expand early voting to at least 20 days before elections!
David, we need your help to cut off Republican attacks on voting rights. Join Cheri in demanding Congress expand early voting nationwide:
Sign Your Name &gt;&gt;
David,
Across the country, Republicans are doing everything they can to restrict access to voting.
Why? They want to make it as hard as possible for young people, poor people, and people of color to vote -- and rig elections in their favor.
But Hillary Clinton is taking a stand! On Thursday, she announced a bold new proposal to expand early voting nationwide to at least 20 days. Cheri&rsquo;s standing with Hillary against the Republican war on voting. If you&rsquo;re with us, will you sign your name now to demand Congress expand early voting nationwide?
In the 21st century, we should be encouraging more people to vote, not putting up roadblocks -- fortunately, Hillary Clinton is fighting back against the Republican attacks. Don&rsquo;t let Republicans rig elections in their favor. Demand Congress makes it easier to vote:
http://act.cheribustos.com/Expand-Early-Voting
Thanks for stepping up,
CheriBustos.com
Paid for by Friends of Cheri Bustos
This message was sent to: dj724530@gmail.com | Change or update your email address by
clicking here .
We believe that emails are a crucial way for our campaign to stay in touch with supporters like you. However, if you'd like to unsubscribe, please
click here . If you'd prefer to receive fewer emails, you can
click here .
Our campaign is powered by supporters like you. Your grassroots support is critical to helping Cheri fight back against right-wing attacks.
If you&rsquo;d still like to unsubscribe from our emails,
click here .
If you'd like to donate to our campaign, please
click here .
Thanks for having Cheri's back!
