DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.0 Transitional//EN" "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml1/DTD/xhtml1-transitional.dtd"
If you are having trouble reading this email,
please view the web version .
Solidarity With Middle East Christians
On Thursday, I spoke before the Coptic Solidarity Conference in Washington. Coptic Christians trace their spiritual heritage back to St. Mark the Evangelist, who founded churches in Egypt around 44 A.D. Ever since that time, in an unbroken succession, Christians have lived and worshipped in Egypt. Now, they are in grave danger. Human trafficking on the Sinai peninsula has endangered them, especially women and children. Christians across the Middle East are menaced by terrorists like the Islamic State, who publicly executed dozens of Copts earlier this year on video tape. Pennsylvania has a long tradition of religious tolerance and mutual respect, dating back to William Penn, and I believe that we need to get the message out to the whole world, what Pennsylvanians have always known: religious liberty is a human right. Forced conversions, and religious violence are never morally acceptable. Read more in
this weeks OP-ED .
The James Zadroga 9/11 Health and Compensation Act
This week the Health Subcommittee
conducted a hearing
on the James Zadroga 9/11 Health and Compensation Act. In January 2011, Congress enacted this program to provide medical services for 9/11 responders and survivors for health conditions related to the 9/11 attacks. On Thursday, we
heard from the Director of the National Institute for Occupational Safety and Health , which oversees the program. We also heard from David Howley and Barbara Burnette of the New York City Police Department. They all told us of the importance of taking care of the victims of 9/11, and our first responders. I am grateful to them for their insightful and informative testimony before the Subcommittee.
Funding Roads and Bridges
The House has continued the appropriations process this week, passing the fifth of the twelve annual appropriations bills. We passed the Transportation and Housing Appropriations bill this week. This builds on what the House did in May, when we extended funding for the Highway Trust Fund to July.
Internet Tax Freedom
The House passed an extension of the Internet Tax Freedom Act. In 1998, President Clinton signed into law the first Internet Tax Freedom Act, which temporarily forbid states and localities from taxing internet access. This law was extended five times on a bipartisan basis. The last renewal of it was signed by President Bush in 2007. Now the House has passed a bill to make this ban permanent. Americans are taxed enough already. At a time when the federal government is taking in record-high tax revenue, this bill will keep internet access affordable. The freewheeling and democratic nature of the Internet is one of the greatest social innovations of our era. It has brought down media elites and toppled tyrants. It has turned individuals with good ideas into billionaires and turned thoughtful people into famous bloggers. We need to protect this freedom.
Facebook
Podcast
Tell Joe Your Opinion
Issues
The 16th District
Ask Joe For Help
The Government
Legislation
Press
About Joe Pitts
Photo Gallery
Please feel free to
forward this email to your friends and family .
Recent Videos
Obamacare's Menu Labeling Requirements
Rep. Pitts gives an opening statement about Obamacare's menu labeling requirements.
Rep. Pitts Questions on Menu Labeling
Rep. Pitts questions a panel of experts about the effects of Obamacare's menu labeling requirements.
Washington, D.C. Office
420 Cannon House Office Building
Washington, DC 20515
(1st Street and Independence Avenue)
202-225-2411
202-225-2013 (fax)
Chester County Office
Post Office Box 837
Unionville, PA 19375
(Routes 82 and 926)
610-444-4581
610-444-5750 (fax)
Lancaster Office
150 North Queen Street
Suite 716 (7th floor)
Lancaster, PA 17603
717-393-0667
717-393-0924 (fax)
Click Here Click Here