
Monday, June 1, 2015
WEBSITE
|
FORWARD TO A FRIEND
| SHARE ON:
The Truth About TPA
What is TPA?
Trade Promotion Authority, or TPA, is a process that creates a partnership between Congress and the administration that ensures the United States secures the most effective trade agreements possible. TPA also brings greater transparency to the negotiating process by empowering Congress to conduct vigorous oversight and hold the administration accountable.
Does TPA give the president special authority?
No. According to the U.S. Constitution, the president can negotiate any trade deal he wants. TPA defines Congressional objectives and priorities, as well as, establishes consultation, notification, and transparency requirements for trade deals. The non-partisan
Congressional Research Service
even reiterated in a recent report that TPA gives the president no new authority. You can read the full report
here .
Doesnt TPA cede our sovereignty?
No. For the first time TPA legislation makes clear that trade agreements cannot change U.S. law without congressional action. First, the bill ensures that any provision of a trade agreement that is inconsistent with federal or state law will have no effect. Second, it states specifically that federal and state laws will prevail in the event of a conflict with a trade agreement. Third, it affirms the president cant unilaterally change U.S. law.
What happens if the trade deals arent good for the U.S. economy?
Congress always has the ability to defeat a trade bill during an up or down vote. However, unlike TPA bills of the past, this bill contains an unprecedented safeguard that allows for TPA to be turned off for a particular trade agreement. If either the House Ways and Means Committee or the Senate Finance Committee determines that the president hasnt met the goals or conditions prescribed in TPA, either committee could trigger a Consultation and Compliance Resolution. This resolution provides a mechanism for either the House or Senate to remove TPA procedures for a trade agreement.
Arent trade deals secret?
The Bipartisan Trade Priorities and Accountability Act, the current TPA bill, has the most robust transparency and consultation requirements of any previously passed TPA. The administration would have to consult closely with Congress before, during, and after negotiations. The administration would be required to publish detailed and comprehensive summaries of the specific objectives trade negotiators are seeking and keep such summaries up to date as negotiations continue. The administration would be required to consult upon request with any Member of Congress and provide access to the classified negotiating texts of all trade negotiations to any Member and their qualified staff. The current TPA measure would require that the text of any trade deal must be made available for Congress and the public to read for at least 60 days before the president signs it. Remember, when Democrats passed the Affordable Care Act in 2010 changing our nations health care system for all Americans, Members of Congress didnt even have 60 hours to read the 3,000 page bill, let alone the minimum of 60 days that will be mandated for the text of trade deals to be made public. Passing TPA ensures that trade deals
are not
negotiated in the dark and there is ample opportunity to read every trade deal.
Would Ohio benefit?
Trade already supports one in five Ohio jobs. Goods and services produced in our state are shipped to more than 200 countries, while just 20 nations the United States has trade agreements with received half of Ohios total exports. Over the past 10 years Ohios goods exports have increased by 37 percent to our free trade partners. Trade agreements are already fueling growth; imagine the potential if the U.S. enters into new trade agreements. With 95 percent of the worlds customers living outside of the United States, Ohio businesses must have access to these customers to grow. In fact, Ohioans wont just benefit from Ohio companies growth, companies that are major Ohio employers like Honda will benefit from trade agreements as well. The Organization for International Investment estimates that if trade agreements with the Asian-Pacific region and the European Union are implemented, more than 52,000 Ohio jobs will be created by companies with headquarters overseas, pumping another $6.3 billion into the states economy. When the United States enters into trade agreements, Ohios exporters are able to better compete leading to job creation and economic growth.
CONNECT
LATEST NEWS
Text of the Congressional Bipartisan Trade Priorities and Accountability Act
Conservative Support For TPA
How Ohioans Benefit From Trade
Benefits of U.S. Trade &amp; Trade Agreements
NOTE: Please DO NOT respond to this email as this inbox is unattended. To contact my office please
click here
UPDATE SUBSCRIPTION OPTIONS
|
PRIVACY POLICY
|
CONTACT US
Click Here Click Here