
May
23
News from Senator Ayotte's Office
Dear Friends,
Last night, the Senate passed bipartisan legislation to renew Trade Promotion Authority (TPA), a tool that will help increase American trade and help New Hampshire businesses create jobs. I voted in support of this bill because I've heard directly from New Hampshire businesses -- including Mercury Systems in Hudson, which I toured last week -- about how the trade bill would help give their company fair and equal access to sell their goods and services in new markets, thereby creating more jobs in New Hampshire. The stakes are high - the current transatlantic and transpacific trade negotiations can spur international investment in New Hampshire and create an estimated 8,260 new Granite State jobs. That's a 35 percent increase in export jobs, which typically pay 13 to 18 percent more than non-export jobs. I discussed the importance of this legislation on the Senate floor this week, and you can watch my speech by clicking
here . TPA now goes to the House of Representatives for consideration.
This week, I worked with my colleagues to secure a commitment from Senate and House leadership that both chambers of Congress would take up and vote on bipartisan legislation to renew the Export-Import Bank. The bank, whose charter is set to expire on June 30, allows companies to obtain competitive financing to compete in the global marketplace and has helped support 36 New Hampshire businesses over the last seven years. I am cosponsoring bipartisan legislation that would reauthorize the Bank's charter until September 30, 2019, increase small business lending, support American jobs and minimize risk to taxpayers by enhancing bank oversight.
Over the past two decades, the Bank has generated nearly $7 billion more than the cost of its operations. The Export-Import Bank helps small and medium sized businesses in New Hampshire compete in the global marketplace and create jobs, and failure to renew the bank's charter would cause job losses and hurt our economy. &lrm;Doug Folsom, plant leader at GE Aviation's facility in Hooksett, said, "We appreciate Sen. Ayotte's leadership in securing a path for a timely vote in the Senate on the Ex-Im Bank. Her commitment to US manufacturers is critical to the 720 jobs at this facility and the thousands of other workers who rely on exports in this state.&lrm;"
I'm supporting the reauthorization of the Ex-Im bank because loans obtained by businesses through the bank have a lower default rate than commercial loans, the bank returns billions of dollars to the Treasury and because it creates American jobs. I'll continue to push Congress to reauthorize Ex-Im so that New Hampshire exporters continue to have access to financing that helps them sell their goods and services overseas and create more jobs.
Last night, the Senate voted on two proposals that would have reauthorized our nation's counterterrorism programs. I voted in support of a two-month extension of current law in order to allow Congress more time to consider how best to reform these programs while ensuring that our nation's intelligence personnel continue to have the necessary capabilities to prevent terrorist attacks and protect the lives of Americans.
The bulk phone metadata collection program collects phone records - including phone numbers, time, and duration of calls, but not content - that telecom companies have been collecting for years. Former FBI Director Robert Mueller and former acting CIA director Mike Morell have said that if the metadata collection program was in place in 2001, it could have prevented 9/11. I support increased transparency and robust congressional oversight of our nation's counterterrorism programs, while simultaneously ensuring that our intelligence community has the tools it needs to prevent terrorist attacks and protect Americans.
I am concerned that in its current form, the USA Freedom Act does not allow a sufficient transition period for ending the phone metadata collection program, which could undermine our national security at a time when we confront increased terrorist threats. The USA Freedom Act also does not include sufficient assurances that telecom companies will properly preserve the metadata, which could hinder counterterrorism efforts. I am also concerned that under the USA Freedom Act, Americans' privacy could be at increased risk if insufficiently vetted private contractors are responsible for searching the metadata.
The Senate Intelligence Committee Chairman is crafting a proposal that seeks to address these concerns. In order to allow those negotiations to continue and provide an opportunity for full consideration, debate, and amendments to that proposal, I supported a short-term extension of current law that would have ensured critical counterterrorism authorities did not lapse and endanger our national security. Since the extension failed to pass, the Senate will now reconvene on May 31 before the authorities expire to consider a path forward.
I also introduced legislation this week that would help increase access to safe and effective contraceptives by encouraging manufacturers of routine-use contraceptives to file an application with the Food and Drug Administration (FDA) to sell their products over the counter (OTC). Further, the bill would repeal the Affordable Care Act's restriction on the use of health, medical, and flexible savings accounts to purchase over-the-counter drugs without a prescription.
As a part of my ongoing efforts to eliminate government waste, I called for a vote on an amendment I am cosponsoring that would end the USDA's duplicative catfish inspection program. There are nine Government Accountability Office reports about the fact that we are wasting taxpayer dollars on a duplicative inspection regime that we should eliminate.
As we observe Memorial Day this weekend, we honor the extraordinary courage of American servicemen and women who have made the ultimate sacrifice for our nation. I'm looking forward to participating in Memorial Day observances in Tilton and Manchester on Monday in honor of New Hampshire's fallen heroes. Our freedom is not free, and I hope you'll take time to remember the men and women of our armed forces who gave their lives to defend our country.
Please read on for further updates from my office, and I hope you enjoy the long weekend.
Ayotte and Shaheen to Host Forum on Veterans Choice Card Program
Senators Ayotte and Shaheen invite New Hampshire veterans to attend a public forum on Tuesday, May 26, at Saint Anselm College with officials from the U.S. Department of Veterans Affairs (VA) to discuss the Veterans Choice Card program. New Hampshire veterans will have an opportunity to hear directly from VA officials and ask questions regarding their health care options under the program. Representatives from VA New England Healthcare System, Manchester VA Medical Center, and White River Junction VA Medical Center will participate.
FORUM ON VETERANS CHOICE CARD PROGRAM
Tuesday, May 26 at 2:00 PM Saint Anselm College
New Hampshire Institute of Politics
100 Saint Anselm Drive
Manchester
For more information, click
here .
President Signs Ayotte, Shaheen Bill to Help Families of Fallen Public Safety Officers
On Friday, President Obama signed into law legislation introduced by Senators Ayotte and Shaheen that will ensure that death benefits paid to the families of public safety officers who lose their lives in the line of duty are not subject to federal income tax. The Don't Tax Our Fallen Public Safety Heroes Act passed the Senate and House unanimously last week.
"New Hampshire's public safety officers put their lives on the line every day in order to keep us safe. When law enforcement officers or firefighters are tragically killed in the line of duty, their families shouldn't be saddled with an unfair tax burden in the wake of a devastating loss," said Ayotte. "I'm pleased that the president has signed our legislation, which will clear up current ambiguity in the law and ensure that both federal and state survivor benefits are exempt from federal income tax."
Read More
Ayotte, Gardner Introduce Bill Aimed at Increasing Availability of Safe and Effective Over-the-Counter Contraceptives
Senators Ayotte and Cory Gardner (R-CO) announced this week that they have introduced legislation that would help increase access to safe and effective contraceptives by encouraging manufacturers of routine-use contraceptives to file an application with the Food and Drug Administration (FDA) to sell their products over the counter (OTC).
The Allowing Greater Access to Safe and Effective Contraception Act would incentivize manufacturers of routine-use contraceptives to file for a prescription-to-over-the-counter switch by allowing for priority review of the application and waiving the FDA filing fee. These incentives would be available for any contraceptive available to adults aged 18 and above and which was found by the FDA to be safe and effective for routine OTC use.
Further, the bill would repeal the Affordable Care Act's restriction on the use of health, medical, and flexible savings accounts to purchase over-the-counter drugs without a prescription.
"Our legislation will help increase women's access to safe and effective contraceptives and further empower women to make their own health care decisions," said Ayotte. "In addition, our bill restores the ability of Health Savings Accounts and Flexible Spending Accounts to be used to purchase over-the-counter medications, giving women more purchasing power."
Read More
Ayotte Questions NOAA Administrator on Newly Implemented Cod Catch Limits
At a hearing this week, Senator Ayotte questioned National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration (NOAA) Administrator Dr. Kathryn Sullivan about federal regulations that cut cod catch levels by 75% from 2014 levels and have cut quotas by 95% over the last five years.
"I do not know a business that could take a 95 percent cut and continue to operate. As you know, [New Hampshire fisheries] are a very important business,
family business - hard working...fishermen who really care about not only the fishery but also, they make a very noble living... How do we justify [cutting the catch limits] 75 percent in one year, and then 95 percent over five years?" - Senator Kelly Ayotte
In November 2014, the New England Fishery Management Council voted to reduce the total allowable catch limit for cod in the Gulf of Maine by 75 percent, based on an updated cod stock assessment by NOAA Fisheries. However, both commercial and recreational fishermen dispute the assessment findings based on their on the water observations across the entire Gulf of Maine. This regulation took effect on May 1, 2015. Combined with previous regulations, the quota for Gulf of Maine cod has been reduced by 95 percent over the last five years.
During this week's hearing, Senator Ayotte informed NOAA Administrator Sullivan that she would support a Blue Ribbon review of the regulations, which was requested by fishermen.
Read More
Ayotte Backs Legislation to Strengthen Email Privacy Rights
Senator Ayotte this week announced she is cosponsoring bipartisan legislation that would strengthen privacy protections for Americans' email and electronic correspondence to reflect technological advances in digital communications. The bill, sponsored by Senators Patrick Leahy (D-VT) and Mike Lee (R-UT), would update the Electronic Communications Privacy Act (ECPA) to prohibit a third-party service provider from voluntarily disclosing a customer's email or other electronic communications.
"In New Hampshire, we cherish our right to privacy, and it is time to update our federal privacy laws to reflect recent advances in technology and digital communications," said Ayotte. "This legislation would update current law-much of which was put in place nearly thirty years ago, before email was widely used-to require a search warrant based on probable cause in order for the government to access email content, while also requiring that individuals receive prompt notification when email content is disclosed subject to a warrant."
Read More
Ayotte Renews Call to Repeal Duplicative USDA Catfish Inspection Program
On the Senate floor this week, Senator Ayotte called for a vote on an amendment she is cosponsoring that would end the USDA's duplicative catfish inspection program, which the Government Accountability Office has estimated will cost $30 million to start, plus $14 million a year to operate-as opposed to the $700,000 annual cost of the original inspection regime
"...[There are] nine [Government Accountability Office] reports about the fact that we are wasting taxpayer dollars on a duplicative inspection regime that we should eliminate. And the fact that we can't get a vote on the Senate floor on such a wasteful use of taxpayer dollars? This is why people get frustrated with Washington," she said.
Watch the Video
Senator Ayotte Presented with the 2015 Medicare Part D Patient Access Champion Award
Senator Ayotte this week received the 2015 Medicare Part D Patient Access Champion Award, presented to her by the Alliance for Patient Access (AfPA) and the National Association of Nutrition and Aging Services Programs (NANASP), in partnership with other national, state and local health care advocacy organizations. Senator Ayotte received the award in recognition of her outstanding leadership to protect the Medicare Part D Prescription Drug Program and help ensure that it can continue to provide access to more affordable prescription drugs for seniors and individuals with disabilities who are enrolled in the program.
"The Medicare Part D Program has helped ensure New Hampshire seniors have adequate access to more affordable prescription drugs, and I will continue to make sure this program effectively serves&lrm; the people of NH," said Ayotte. "I was honored to receive this award and will continue my efforts to ensure that any proposed changes to Part D do not negatively impact one of the few federal health care programs that has both leveraged competition and actually come in under budget."
Read More
Photos of the Week
Senator Ayotte with 8th grade students from Shaker Road School in Concord
With students from Iber Holmes Gove Middle School in Raymond after their U.S. Capitol tour
Senator Ayotte with the Cucci family from Loudon
With the Stifter family from Hampton Falls
Senator Ayotte with members of the New Hampshire Radiology Society (Corey Sides, Jack Hilton, Dr. Kris Eschbach, Eric Goodman, Dr. Steven Birnbaum, Marc Seltzer, and Krishna Patel)
Warm Regards,
Kelly Ayotte
United States Senator
Email Kelly
Manchester Office
1200 Elm Street, Suite 2
Manchester, NH 03101 Phone:
603-622-7979
Nashua Office
144 Main Street
Nashua, NH 03060 Phone:
603-880-3335
North Country Office 19 Pleasant Street, Suite 13B
Berlin, NH 03570 Phone:
603-752-7702 Fax:
603-752-7704
Portsmouth Office
14 Manchester Square, Ste 140
Portsmouth, NH 03801 Phone:
603-436-7161
Washington, DC
144 Russell Senate Office Building
Washington, DC 20510
Phone:
202-224-3324
Email Kelly
|
ayotte.senate.gov
|
Unsubscribe
