
Jun
20
News From Senator Ayotte's Office
Dear Friends,
On Friday morning, I was pleased to join Senator Shaheen for the Portsmouth Chamber of Commerce breakfast at Great Bay Community College. We updated chamber members on our work to increase health care access for New Hampshire veterans, and our continued commitment to advocate for Portsmouth Naval Shipyard and Pease Air National Guard Base. Later in the day, I appreciated the opportunity to address VFW members at their annual convention in Manchester and thank them for their service to our nation.
Earlier this week, the Senate approved its version of the Fiscal Year 2016 defense authorization bill, which contains many provisions I authored that are important to New Hampshire. I worked across the aisle to include language in the bill that better equips our troops, improves military readiness, and supports Portsmouth Naval Shipyard, Pease Air National Guard Base, and the New Hampshire National Guard. This legislation will help ensure that our troops have the training, equipment, and support they need to protect our nation. Scroll down to read more.
One important item in the defense authorization bill is a provision I worked on with Senators Shaheen and Angus King (I-ME) to highlight the unacceptable condition of the junior enlisted barracks at Portsmouth Naval Shipyard. I visited these barracks last month, and I saw first-hand that conditions at the barracks were completely unacceptable for young sailors serving our country. Shipyard leadership has made replacing this barracks building a priority, and our provision presses the Navy to expedite the demolition of the current barracks and replace it with a new barracks so that junior enlisted sailors at Portsmouth have the safe and suitable housing they deserve. In the meantime, the Navy confirmed to my office this week that they have moved the sailors living in the barracks to a new, safe and suitable location. Click
here
to read more.
For veterans in our state who are eligible to use the Veterans Choice Card Program, I'm pleased to report this week that the Department of Veterans' Affairs has published a list of available Choice Card providers in New Hampshire. The list will be updated weekly, and can be viewed
here .
Finally, I enjoyed visiting with New Hampshire business owners who traveled to Washington this week for the annual Experience New Hampshire reception. It was great to see so many Granite Staters showcasing their products and delicious fare in our nation's capital!
Please see below for more news from my office -- and be sure to read my op-ed with Senator Shaheen about a bipartisan bill we led to protect New Hampshire's pregnant workers from discrimination.
I hope you have a terrific weekend!
Senate Passes National Defense Authorization Act with Key NH, National Security Priorities
Click here for
video .
On Thursday, the Senate approved its version of the Fiscal Year 2016 defense authorization bill, which - together with the associated report - includes over thirty-five provisions authored by Senator Ayotte. She included language that better equips our troops, improves military readiness, and supports Portsmouth Naval Shipyard, Pease Air National Guard Base, and the New Hampshire National Guard.
Highlights include:
U.S.-Israel Anti-Terror and Drug Tunnel Cooperation Amendment
Senator Ayotte fought to include an amendment that will deepen security cooperation between the U.S. and Israel -helping Israel counter Hamas and Hezbollah terrorist tunnels and enabling the U.S. to counter tunnels on our southern border that are used to smuggle drugs like heroin into our country.
The measure authorizes the Secretary of Defense, upon request of the Ministry of Defense of Israel, to carry out research, development, test, and evaluation, on a joint basis with Israel, to establish anti-tunnel capabilities to detect, map, and neutralize underground tunnels that threaten the United States and Israel.
Holding the Air Force Accountable for Haven Well Contamination
Senator Ayotte, joined by Senator Shaheen, worked to include report language that presses the Air Force to identify and notify those who may have been exposed to perfluorinated chemicals (PFCs) that were found last year in the Haven Well at the Pease International Tradeport in Portsmouth. The presence of PFCs is likely due to the Air Force's past use of firefighting foam at Pease. The language requires the Air Force to report to Congress on its progress by September 30.
Guantanamo Bay
Senator Ayotte worked successfully to include provisions that would renew prohibitions on the transfer of Guantanamo Bay detainees to the United States and prohibit the construction and modification of facilities in the United States for purpose of housing Guantanamo Bay detainees.
She also worked successfully to include language that would reinstate tougher standards for the international transfer of Guantanamo detainees, prohibit the transfer of any detainees to Yemen, and increase transparency for the American people by requiring an unclassified report detailing the terrorist affiliations of Guantanamo detainees and their previous terrorist activities against Americans and our allies.
Fighting Heroin Trafficking
The NDAA authorizes a $30 million increase in funding for U.S. Southern Command drug interdiction and counterdrug activities in order to detect, monitor, and interdict illicit drug trafficking. Senator Ayotte supported this provision and successfully added report language that highlighted the devastating impact of heroin on U.S. communities and pressed SOUTHCOM to combat the growth in trafficking of heroin.
Supporting Pease and the KC-46A
As Chair of the Readiness Subcommittee, which oversees military construction, Ayotte worked successfully to authorize a $2.8 million project to upgrade the flight simulator building at Pease Air National Guard Base to prepare for the arrival of the KC-46A. She also worked successfully to authorize a $1.3 million request for a KC-46A trainer. Both projects will improve KC-46A crew proficiency and safety.Supporting Military Families.
Supporting Military Families
Ayotte worked successfully to include language in the bill that would provide transitional compensation to dependents of retirement eligible service members who lose their benefits due to misconduct. Ayotte also worked successfully to include a provision expressing Congress's view that military juries should not face the difficult choice between imposing a fair sentence on military members guilty of a crime and protecting the benefits of a member of the Armed Forces for the sake of innocent family members. Click here for
video
of Ayotte's floor speech on this amendment.
Read more
here .
Concord Monitor |
Ayotte and Shaheen op-ed: Protecting New Hampshire's Pregnant Workers from Discrimination
By Senators Ayotte and Shaheen
June 18, 2015
It's stunning to think that in the year 2015, women are still facing discrimination at work for simply being pregnant. Yet, that is exactly the case. More women filed pregnancy discrimination charges in 2013 than in 1997, and statistics show that instances of pregnancy discrimination in the workplace are on the rise over the last ten years.
While the Equal Employment Opportunity Commission released updated guidance last year about how companies should treat pregnant employees, the problem persists. Many hoped that a Supreme Court ruling would provide some clarity for employers and pregnant workers when it ruled on the case in March of this year, but unfortunately, the decision raised more questions than answers.
Read more
here .
Ayotte and Brown Coauthor Letter Urging HHS to Review Guidelines to Reduce Infant Mortality
Senator Ayotte and Senator Sherrod Brown (D-OH) led a bipartisan group of Senators in urging the U.S. Department of Health and Human Services (HHS) to review updated guidelines for the prevention of preterm birth submitted by the Society for Maternal-Fetal Medicine (SMFM), the American College of Obstetricians and Gynecologists (ACOG), and the American College of Nurse-Midwives (ACNM) in August 2014.
"We cannot afford further delay in moving forward on initiatives -- many of which can be implemented with relative ease through the use of existing technologies -- that have the potential to lower the rate of preterm birth in our country," the senators wrote in their letter. "We respectfully request that HHS expedite its review of the professional organizations' updated guidelines and develop a plan encompassing next steps to address infant mortality. Additionally, we ask that your department provide a response to last year's letter from SMFM, ACOG, and ACNM and give full and fair consideration to the suggested guidelines issued by the professional societies."
Read more and the full text of the letter
here .
Expanding Wireless Access to Create Jobs in New Hampshire
On Thursday, Senator Ayotte, a member of the Committee on Commerce, Science and Transportation and the Subcommittee on Communications, Technology, Innovation, and the Internet, joined with subcommittee chairman Roger Wicker (R-MS) and fellow members Marco Rubio (R-FL), Cory Gardner (R-CO) and Ron Johnson (R-WI) to introduce the "Wireless Innovation Act of 2015," a bill to reallocate spectrum used by the federal government for commercial wireless services, ensure greater transparency and accountability of the federal government's spectrum use, and promote wireless innovation and deployment.
"New Hampshire desperately needs better connection to wireless services, with gaps in coverage throughout large portions of Coos, Grafton, Sullivan, and Cheshire Counties," Ayotte said. "Expanding access to communications technology in the Granite State is a top priority to ensure that businesses can grow and create jobs, and this bill will promote wireless deployment and innovation, putting into motion the efficient transfer of spectrum so that carriers are able to acquire crucial spectrum needed to build out to rural areas."
Read more
here .
Portsmouth Herald : Shaheen, Ayotte tout work to support Seacoast military
By Paul Briand
June 19, 2015
U.S. Sens. Jeanne Shaheen, D-N.H., and Kelly Ayotte, R-N.H., underscored their areas of cooperation - not their political differences - at a Greater Portsmouth Chamber of Commerce breakfast Friday morning at Great Bay Community College.
The senators discussed the impact of what Ayotte described as being "force multipliers for New Hampshire" given their unique committee memberships. They are the only two senators from a state that sit together on the Senate Armed Services and Small Business committees. They discussed how that has had an impact on the Seacoast at Portsmouth Naval Shipyard and the New Hampshire Air National Guard base at Pease International Tradeport.
Read more
here .
Photos of the Week
Carrie, Elliot and BJ Perry from Manchester came to visit Capitol Hill on Tuesday. So happy to see them!
Speaking at the annual New Hampshire Business Lunch on Wednesday.
Great to see Scott Laclair and Tracy Dunne from Nashua at this week's coffee reception!
Finalists for the National History Day Competition from Milford High School stopped by: Jessica Leach, Kayla Worrall, Sarah Watton, Rachel Nelson, Morgan Stephens, Elizabeth Curless and Stephen Vetack.
Visiting with CPT Richard LaFlame and his wife Elizabeth from Concord at this week's coffee reception.
Warm Regards,
Kelly Ayotte
United States Senator
Email Kelly
Manchester Office
1200 Elm Street, Suite 2
Manchester, NH 03101 Phone:
603-622-7979
Nashua Office
144 Main Street
Nashua, NH 03060 Phone:
603-880-3335
North Country Office 19 Pleasant Street, Suite 13B
Berlin, NH 03570 Phone:
603-752-7702 Fax:
603-752-7704
Portsmouth Office
14 Manchester Square, Ste 140
Portsmouth, NH 03801 Phone:
603-436-7161
Washington, DC
144 Russell Senate Office Building
Washington, DC 20510
Phone:
202-224-3324
Email Kelly
|
ayotte.senate.gov
|
Unsubscribe
