
June 2015 Newsletter
Weather Forecasting Bill Passes in House
On May 19th, the House of Representatives unanimously approved
H.R. 1561 , the Lucas-Bridenstine Weather Research and Forecasting Innovation Act of 2015. This legislation prioritizes the protection of lives and property.
In Oklahoma, we know all too well the devastating effects of severe weather.
The importance of accurate forecasts cannot be overstated.
Our aim is to have zero deaths from tornadoes and other extreme weather events. This bill gets us closer to that day.
H.R. 1561 is the product of over two years of
bipartisan
negotiations and is substantially similar to Congressman Bridenstines Weather Forecasting Improvement Act of 2014. The House of Representatives bill directs the Administrator of the National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration (NOAA) to:
Rebalance NOAA funding to place a higher priority on weather-related research and activities.
Emphasize the development of accurate forecasts and timely warnings of high impact weather events.
Create tornado and hurricane warning extension programs specifically tasked with extending warning lead times and improved forecasts for these particularly damaging weather events.
Develop a plan to regain U.S. superiority in weather modeling and forecasts. We currently lag behind Europe, Canada, and the U.K. NOAA should utilize advanced radar, aerial observing systems, improved high performance computing, and next generation weather models, and carry out Observing System Simulation Experiments.
Weather forecasting is not a partisan issue. I am grateful to my House colleagues for recognizing the importance of improving our understanding of weather in order to better safeguard our constituents.
Rep. Jim Bridenstine Votes to Support Our Troops
On May 15th, Congressman Jim Bridenstine voted for HR 1735, the FY16 National Defense Authorization Act (NDAA).
NDAA is a bipartisan bill which authorizes funding for Americas armed forces and sets Department of Defense policy.
Read More
Rep. Bridenstine Votes for Congressional Review of Iran Deal
Requires the President to submit a final deal to Congress for review
Prohibits sanctions relief during the Congressional review period
Allows Congress to vote on disapproving the deal and keeping sanctions in place, and
Allows expedited consideration of new sanctions if Iran is caught cheating
Read More
Memorial Day
This month, and everyday, we honor all the American soldiers who made the ultimate sacrifice protecting our country.
Floral Haven Memorial Day Ceremony
On Memorial Day, it was my honor to place a wreath at the Tomb of the Unknown Soldier at Floral Haven Cemetery.
141 new flags were raised this year honoring each of the U.S. military members who died for our country and are buried at Floral Haven.
Rep. Jim Bridenstine Votes to Protect Unborn Children
Congressman Jim Bridenstine joined a majority of the U.S. House of Representatives in moving to protect unborn children.
The Pain-Capable Unborn Child Protection Act prohibits elective abortions after 20 weeks.
Read More
Rep. Jim Bridenstine Votes to Stop EPA Regulatory Overreach
On May 12th, the House passed HR 1732, the Regulatory Integrity Protection Act.
This bill requires the EPA and Army Corps of Engineers to withdraw the proposed Waters of the United States rule that would have radically expanded federal regulation over bodies of water in the United States.
Read More
Rep. Bridenstine Speaks on the House Floor in Support of the Lucas-Bridenstine Weather Bill
On May 19th, 2015, the House of Representatives unanimously approved H.R. 1561, the Lucas-Bridenstine Weather Research and Forecasting Innovation Act of 2015. This legislation prioritizes the protection of lives and property.
Rep. Bridenstine Awards Jeremy Nikel with Veteran in the Spotlight Award
Congratulations to Jeremy Nikel for being honored with the Veteran in the Spotlight award. Mr. Nikel is the President of the Coffee Bunker in Tulsa and works in the VAs Substance Abuse Disorder Program.
Read More
Share
[if gte mso 6]>
<![endif]
Copyright
2015 Congressman Jim Bridenstine, All rights reserved.
You are receiving this email because you opted in at our website or at an event.
Our mailing address is:
Congressman Jim Bridenstine 2448 E 81st St Suite 5150 Tulsa ,
OK
74137 Add us to your address book
unsubscribe from this list
update subscription preferences
