
Around the District
ALCOA Tour
On May 8, I spent part of my afternoon touring the ALCOA Fastening Systems &amp; Rings facility in Simi Valley.
This is a major distribution center for aircraft components that employs over 200 people locally. I thank them for showing me around and for their dedication to contributing to our communities.
Touring Alcoa Fastening Systems &amp; Rings
Stamp Out Hunger
The Letter Carriers Stamp Out Hunger Food Drive is an annual event in which citizens across the country are invited to leave non-perishable food items by their mailbox to be donated. Letter carriers pick them up while on their delivery route and make sure they make it to local food banks. On May 9th,I worked alongside other volunteers to sort and load food for distribution.
My hat is off to them and all the postal workers who made this worthy cause happen.
Stamp Out Hunger Food Drive
Simi Valley Street Fair
I spent most of last Saturday at the Simi Valley Street Fair. My team and I had a great time at our booth meeting members of the community and talking about the services we offer constituents.
Simi Valley Street Fair
Around the Capitol
SPACE Act- Legislation That is Out of This World
I am an original co-sponsor of The Spurring Private Aerospace Competitiveness and Entrepreneurship Act of 2015, or SPACE Act, which passed out of the Science, Space, &amp; Technology Committee last week. I worked to provide a stable and predictable regulatory environment for the commercial space industry by improving safety conditions and encouraging private sector investment. Im pleased to join my colleagues on this effort to strengthen our nations space policy and bring space-related jobs to our communities.
The SPACE Act, Co-Sponsored by Rep. Knight
Out of the House
I am very happy to report that my first bill passed the House floor last week and is on its way to the Senate. The Small Business Joint Venturing Act will help small businesses throughout our communities and will allow them to be more competitive when seeking federal government contracts. The bill allows small business to form joint ventures and team together while maintaining their small business status.
Police Week
Last week was National Police Week. I was proud to support several bills that will help protect our heroes on the force and ensure they are properly honored. For example, H.R. 723, the Fallen Heroes Flag Act of 2015, will provide Capitol-flown flags to the immediate family members of fire fighters, law enforcement officers, members of rescue squads or ambulance crews, and public safety officers who are killed in the line of duty.
A young Officer Knight in his days as an LAPD Officer
Threat Management
On Thursday, the House passed two bills that will help us manage foreign threats. H.R. 1191, the Iran Nuclear Agreement Review Act of 2015 gives Congress a say in any nuclear agreement with Iran and the ability to prevent a bad deal from being made. H.R. 2297, the Hezbollah International Financing Prevention Act of 2015, will monitor the terrorist organizations fundraising operations and make it more difficult to conduct their activities.
Around the Corner
7th Annual State of the County with Supervisor Antonovich
Friday, May 22, 11:30am1pm
Hyatt Regency Valencia, 24500 Town Center Drive, Valencia
Simi Valley Cajun and Blues Music Festival
Saturday &amp; Sunday, May 23-24, 10:30am8pm
Rancho Santa Susana Community Park, 5005 East Los Angeles Avenue, Simi Valley
The Belcaro Memorial Day Celebration
Sunday, May 24, 2-4pm
28201 River Trail Lane, Valencia
Veterans of Foreign Wars Memorial Day Event
Monday, May 25, 10am
Rancho Pioneer Cemetery, 1461 Thompson Lane, Simi Valley
Museum of Military History Event
Monday, May 25, 10am
Simi Valley Town Center, Suite 220, 1555 Simi Town Center Way, Simi Valley
Memorial Day Event at Joshua Memorial Park
Monday, May 25, 10am
Joshua Memorial Park, 808 East Lancaster Boulevard, Lancaster
Memorial Day Event at Eternal Valley
Monday, May 25, 10am-12pm
Eternal Valley Memorial Park, 23287 Sierra Highway, Newhall
Palmdale Memorial Day Event
Monday, May 25, 11am
Desert Lawn Memorial Park, 2200 E Avenue S, Palmdale
Salute to Arms
Monday, May 25, 12pm-3pm
480 Sinaloa Rd, Simi Valley
WEBSITE
|
UNSUBSCRIBE
|
CONTACT
Click Here Click Here