DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.0 Transitional//EN" "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml1/DTD/xhtml1-transitional.dtd"
District Update | June 21, 2015
Click here
if you have trouble viewing this email
Dear Friends,
This Father's Day, I want to take a moment to recognize the important role fathers play in our community. Whether it is a biological father, an adoptive father, a mentor, or another family member who steps in to fill a void,
fathers give children the support they need to be successful in life.
No one knows a father's role in a child's life better than I. My dad has been an exceptional influence on me since the day I was born and without him, I never could have become the person I am today.
I am thankful for the lifetime of wisdom and care he has given me, and as of father of two wonderful children of my own, I try as hard as possible to be a similarly positive influence on their lives.
Like many of you, I have had many different jobs in my life, but none of those jobs is
as important as the job of being good parents to our children.
The attentive, patient, and kind people that so many of you are gives me great hope for the future of this Nation. I have no doubt that the next generation of Americans will continue to keep this country great, and so much of that will be a result of the guidance you provide your children.
Trusting the System
This week, I wrote
a letter to the Secretary of the Department of Veterans Affairs
(VA) urging him to appoint a permanent Medical Center Director for the Central Arkansas Veterans Health System (CAVHS).
Improving services for veterans has been a major focus for Congress and the Administration. Considerable resources have been spent to ensure higher quality of healthcare and better access to that care. However, when VA healthcare networks are operating without permanent leadership, veterans begin to lose trust in the system and recent bipartisan reforms are in vain.
The interim director, Dr. Margie Scott, has done a commendable job in this role. However, there is a limit to how effective she -- or any interim director -- can be. Without permanent leadership, there is no permanent plan for success, and without a permanent plan for success we run the risk of failing to provide our veterans with the access to care they need. I am hopeful we can have a resolution here soon, and I am ready to work with the Secretary to give our veterans in central Arkansas the level of certainty they deserve.
Sincerely,
Representative French Hill
Return on Investment
Visiting DC this week was a group of students from Arkansas Baptist High School in Little Rock. The students were in town to be honored for their top 10 finish in SIFMA's Capitol Hill Challenge. The Capitol Hill Challenge is an annual competition for high school and middle school students to test their skills in predicting the stock market.
Rep. Hill posing for a photo with the winners from Arkansas Baptist High School following the presentation of their award.
In Case You Missed It
This week Rep. Hill and Arkansas Farm Bureau President Randy Veach penned a joint op-ed in the Arkansas Democrat-Gazette on the importance of free trade.
Below is a excerpt from the piece:
"Trade deals are not about disadvantaging America. Trade deals are about prying open new markets and promoting American products, increasing jobs in our country, increasing exports, and increasing our nation's wealth."
Click
here
to read the rest.
Washington, DC Office
1229 Longworth House Office Building
Washington, DC 20515
Phone: (202) 225-2506
Fax: (202) 225-5903
Conway Office
1105 Deer Street, Suite 12
Conway, AR 72032
Phone: (501) 358-3481
Fax: (501) 358-3494
Little Rock Office
1501 N. University Ave., Suite 150
Little Rock, AR 72207
Phone: (501) 324-5941
Fax: (501) 324-6029
UPDATE SUBSCRIPTION OPTIONS
|
PRIVACY POLICY
|
CONTACT US
Click Here Click Here