
May
29
News from Senator Ayotte's Office
Dear Friends,
In response to my efforts to help New Hampshire victims of tax-related identity theft, the IRS has agreed to change its policy and better assist victims by providing them with copies of fraudulent tax returns. On May 7, I wrote to IRS Commissioner John Koskinen and urged the agency to provide tax-related identity theft victims with copies of fraudulent returns, which the agency had refused to do, citing privacy concerns.
On Thursday, I received a response from the IRS regarding my request. Commissioner Koskinen wrote, "As a result of your letter, we have decided to change our policy regarding disclosure of fraudulent identity theft returns to victims whose name and SSN the fraudulent return was filed under...We will put together a procedure that will enable victims to receive, upon request, redacted copies of fraudulent returns filed in their name and SSN."
I'm glad that the IRS has agreed to reverse its policy and provide identity theft victims with copies of fraudulent tax returns so they can take proper steps to secure their personal information. Victims of identity theft face significant emotional and financial hardships, and they shouldn't be left in the dark about the extent of the theft. This is a positive step that will help them protect themselves and their families.
This is just the first step - there is much more to be done. Earlier this month, I helped introduce the Social Security Identity Defense Act of 2015, which would require the Internal Revenue Service to notify potential victims of identity theft, something the agency has failed to do in the past. The bill also requires that the IRS notify law enforcement and that the Social Security Administration notify employers who submit fraudulently used Social Security numbers, and adds civil penalties and extends jail time for those who fraudulently use an individual's Social Security number.
Also this week, I was privileged to attend several events in honor of Memorial Day. Freedom is not free, and we must never forget the men and women who have made the ultimate sacrifice in the name of the greatest county on earth. I attended Memorial Day parades and ceremonies in Tilton and Manchester, and also visited with veterans at the New Hampshire Veterans Home to mark this important day. I was also encouraged by the tremendous patriotism demonstrated by students at Nashua High School North when I attended their Memorial Day Flag ceremony on Tuesday. I will commemorate Memorial Day once more tomorrow, at the Memorial Day Ceremony at the New Hampshire Veterans Cemetery in Boscawen.
This weekend I am also looking forward to attending this year's Ride 2 Recovery Honor Ride New Hampshire, which kicks off in Nashua on Saturday. I'm also excited to attend the Hopkinton Sestercentennial Celebration. Congratulations to this storied New Hampshire town on its 250th Birthday!
Please read on for more updates from my office, and have a wonderful weekend.
WMUR: IRS changes policies after NH family deals with identity theft
STRAFFORD, N.H. - The IRS is changing one of its rules after a woman from Strafford became the victim of an income tax scam.
While coming to grips with the death of her daughter last year, things got worse for Lori Weeks when she tried to file her tax return.
"It was a kick in the gut," Weeks said. "It was grief on top of grief."
Just over one year after her 7-year-old daughter, Madison, was killed in a car crash, Weeks and her husband were filing their tax return when they learned that someone had claimed their deceased child as a dependent.
"I think the most disturbing thing is that there are people out there who are waiting for children to die so they can steal their identity," Weeks said.
Because of the fraud, the Weeks were unable to file their return. That led to hours online and on the phone with state and federal agencies.
...
U.S. Sen. Kelly Ayotte, R-N.H., got involved and criticized the IRS for not being more open with victims of that type of crime.
Weeks said it took about a month-and-a-half to get her real return processed. She is now speaking out about policies that she called unnecessarily difficult on already-fragile families.
"Maybe this is the cause that I can get behind, and I can make Madison proud and help other families," she said.
The IRS sent a letter Thursday to Ayotte saying it will change its policies to allow people in similar situations to get copies of the fake returns that were filed.
Watch the full story
here
Nashua Telegraph : Helping women's health care
By Senator Kelly Ayotte
May 27
In the United States Senate, there is bipartisan agreement that contraceptives are safe, effective, and play an important role in allowing women to prevent unwanted pregnancies and manage certain health conditions. Yet, despite the many positive benefits of contraceptives, barriers to access exist that can pose a challenge to women seeking to use safe and effective contraception - a finding confirmed by the American College of Obstetricians and Gynecologists (ACOG) in a December 2012 Opinion.
I, and several other senators, recently introduced the Allowing Greater Access to Safe and Effective Contraception Act, which seeks to remove those barriers and expand women's access to safe and effective contraceptives, made available to them around the clock and without a prescription.
By encouraging manufacturers of contraceptives to file applications with the Food and Drug Administration (FDA) to move their products over-the-counter (OTC), our bill is a common-sense proposal that would allow women more convenient access to a wide spectrum of safe and effective contraceptives. While some critics of the bill have falsely claimed it would eliminate insurance coverage, nothing in the bill changes current insurance coverage of contraceptives or prevents insurance companies from continuing to cover contraceptive costs.
...
I share the goal of increasing women's access to safe and effective contraceptives and I look forward to working with my colleagues to advance this critically important legislation, which would be a victory for women's health.
Read the full op-ed
here
Concord Monitor:
Ayotte, Shaheen pledge more action on VA choice program
By Casey McDermott
May 27
For nearly two hours yesterday afternoon, veterans and their families confronted VA officials and New Hampshire's senators with personal stories about their difficulties navigating the VA choice program - which was championed, when it first debuted last year, as a way to give them more options outside of Department of Veterans Affairs medical facilities.
Some of the roughly two dozen people who spoke up during yesterday's forum were visibly frustrated and distraught, others voiced appreciation for the work done by the senators and VA officials at the local level, and nearly all called - in one way or another - for more vigilance to make sure veterans aren't stuck without necessary medical care or with unnecessarily large medical bills.
Sens. Kelly Ayotte and Jeanne Shaheen organized the event after months of hearing similar concerns from the state's veterans who were struggling to make full use of the program, and they promised to continue to follow up with more work to improve the system.
...
A number of issues were identified during yesterday's discussion, including: a lack of clarity and communication on veterans' coverage options, excessive delays in approvals for outside care, confusion among medical providers about how to participate in the program, and a need to better publicize the non-VA medical providers that have thus far been approved to participate in the program.
Speaking after the event, Ayotte said she and Shaheen have &#8223;a lot of follow-up work" ahead of them to address the concerns they've been hearing. For one, she said, the senators have talked about streamlining the approval process for medical providers so that those who are already eligible to treat patients under Medicare would automatically be eligible to participate in the choice program. (As it stands, medical providers have to meet Medicare standards in order to get approval to provide care through the choice program, but that approval requires its own application process.) Ayotte also echoed calls to publicize the list of New Hampshire medical providers that have already been approved to treat veterans through the program. During the event, VA officials said some 1,000 providers have been approved but that information isn't fully available to the public.
...
Like the senators, the VA officials on the panel said they, too, will keep trying to get things right for the state's veterans.
Read the full story
here
Ayotte Tours Worthen Industries in Nashua
On Tuesday, Senator Ayotte toured Worthen Industries in Nashua, where she discussed her support for the Trade Promotion Authority, which passed the U.S. Senate last week in a 62 to 37 vote.
"TPA is an important tool that will increase American trade, helping New Hampshire businesses create jobs and strengthening our economy," said Senator Ayotte. "I was glad to have the opportunity to discuss this bill directly with Worthen Industries employees and listen to their feedback regarding how it would help them grow their business."
TPA expired in 2007 and has not been renewed since. TPA is a tool that would improve U.S. negotiating power when it comes to trade deals, increase transparency, and protect and elevate Congress' role in the trade negotiation process. Without TPA, any administration can negotiate a trade agreement on their own terms without clear direction from Congress. The TPA legislation was previously approved by the Senate Finance Committee on a bipartisan basis. The bill now goes to the House of Representatives for consideration.
Ayotte Highlights the Passage of the Better Buildings Act at Sullivan Construction in Bedford
On Friday, Senator Ayotte toured Sullivan Construction Inc in Bedford and discussed the Better Buildings Act, legislation she introduced with Senator Michael Bennet (D-CO) that was signed into law recently as a part of the Shaheen-Portman Energy Efficiency Improvement Act of 2015, which Senator Ayotte co-sponsored.
The Better Buildings Act encourages tenants of commercial buildings to voluntarily implement cost-effective measures that will help reduce energy consumption and ultimately utility costs for businesses. Ayotte and Bennet
first introduced the bill in 2013 .
"This bipartisan legislation is an important step toward increasing energy efficiency across the public and private sectors," said Ayotte. "I'm also pleased the bill includes our Better Buildings Act, a commonsense, no-cost measure that would incentivize commercial tenants to voluntarily implement cost-effective measures to responsibly reduce energy consumption."
The Better Buildings Act encourages tenants of commercial buildings to implement cost-effective measures that will help reduce energy consumption and ultimately utility costs for businesses. As building owners across the country strive to distinguish their buildings with the voluntary ENERGY STAR label to help attract tenants and satisfy investors, this bill creates a new voluntary "Tenant Star" certification to reward and recognize tenants that design and construct high-performance leased spaces.
Photo Highlights from Memorial Day
At the New Hampshire Veterans Home in Tilton
With members of the Tilton parade color guard
Speaking at the Nashua High School North flag ceremony
Marching in the Manchester parade
With Nashua High School North students after the flag ceremony
Warm Regards,
Kelly Ayotte
United States Senator
Email Kelly
Manchester Office
1200 Elm Street, Suite 2
Manchester, NH 03101 Phone:
603-622-7979
Nashua Office
144 Main Street
Nashua, NH 03060 Phone:
603-880-3335
North Country Office 19 Pleasant Street, Suite 13B
Berlin, NH 03570 Phone:
603-752-7702 Fax:
603-752-7704
Portsmouth Office
14 Manchester Square, Ste 140
Portsmouth, NH 03801 Phone:
603-436-7161
Washington, DC
144 Russell Senate Office Building
Washington, DC 20510
Phone:
202-224-3324
Email Kelly
|
ayotte.senate.gov
|
Unsubscribe
