
Dear Friend,
Thank you for signing up to receive my email newsletter. These
newsletters will cover a variety of topics, including events happening
in Indiana, legislation being considered in Congress, and my
perspective on current issues. My hope is to keep you updated and
informed on how issues in Washington may impact Hoosiers. I welcome
your feedback.
Thanks for reading,
Dan Coats
_____
Dangers of USA Freedom Act
Following the 9/11 attacks, the American people demanded that our
government "connect the dots" between international terrorist
organizations and potential operatives in the United States. Based on
recommendations by the 9/11 Commission, new measures were put in place
to fill key gaps and keep our country safe.
Contrary to the irresponsible misrepresentations and false statements
by some members of Congress, the federal government is not engaged in a
massive surveillance program. The current program operates under strict
oversight by the nation's top federal judges, Congress and officials
across several different federal agencies. There is no evidence to
support accusations of abuse or unlawful spying on Americans.
Instead of maintaining the current program, the USA Freedom Act -
passed by the Senate this week and signed into law by President Obama -
will transition our country to an untested system that exists in name
only. We do not know how this new program will be implemented, and we
do not know how it will be operated. The new program will render our
counterterrorism tools less agile and less reliable, while requiring an
expansive regulatory system to match the level of oversight that
currently exists. And the USA Freedom Act does not require companies to
hold the data sought by investigators, meaning the new program could
become operationally useless as companies update their business models
in response to changes in technology or market demands.
The first and primary responsibility of the federal government is to
provide for the common defense of the American people. Today, our
country faces the most distributed and diverse terrorist threats since
2001, and the USA Freedom Act makes us less safe and puts us at greater
risk. This law is a significant step backward.
Click here
or on the image above to watch me
discuss this issue on Fox News.
_____
Waste of the Week: VA Procurement Abuse
In this week's Waste of the Week, I discussed how Congress can achieve
$6 billion in savings by simply requiring the U.S. Department of
Veterans Affairs (VA) to comply with current federal law.
According to an internal memo written by a VA senior official, the
agency has been wasting taxpayer money and putting veterans at risk by
violating federal contracting rules when purchasing medical care and
supplies. Under current law, VA purchases require competitive bidding
and proper contracts, but testimony by Deputy Assistant Secretary for
Acquisition and Logistics Jan Frye last month before Congress revealed
the opposite is occurring. For example, VA purchase cards, which are
typically used for small purchases up to $3,000, have inappropriately
been used to buy billions of dollars' worth of medical supplies,
without contracts or oversight.
Given the large scale of purchases made by the VA, proper procurement
procedures ensure the best service for veterans and the best value for
the taxpayers. Aside from higher prices, a lack of contracts can result
in a lack of oversight. The VA, like Congress, is accountable to
taxpayers for what it spends.
I understand the incredible pressure the VA has been under because of a
recent influx of new veterans. I appreciate the good work of many of
those who work at the VA, but it is never in order to violate federal
law. This kind of wasteful spending should not be tolerated.
Click here
or on
the image above to watch my speech on the Senate floor.
Coats in the News
Sen. Coats: TSA Needs 'Top-to-Bottom' Review for Detection Failures
Indiana businessman says he won't expand because of Obamacare
Coats
: Threats
to America 'greater than anything I've seen before'
Coats:
I
authored language to help U.S. steelmakers
Coats Discusses TSA Problems with Fox News
_____
Stay Connected
_____
Coats with Hoosiers
I enjoyed meeting with leaders of the Indiana Builders Association
during their annual trip to Washington.
Thanks to Hoosier RV manufacturers for updating me on developments in
their industry this year.
Dr. Joseph Sergio provided insightful testimony about how Obamacare has
affected his small business in South Bend.
_____
To unsubscribe please
Click Here
Contact Me
Latest News
A message
from Senator Dan Coats
Dear
Friend,
Thank you for signing up to receive my email
newsletter. These newsletters will cover a variety of topics,
including
events happening in Indiana, legislation being
considered
in Congress, and my perspective on current issues.
My
hope is to keep you updated and informed on how issues in Washington may impact Hoosiers. I welcome your
feedback.
Thanks for reading,
Dan Coats
Dangers of USA Freedom Act
Following the 9/11 attacks, the American people demanded that our government &#8220;connect the dots&#8221;
between international terrorist organizations and potential operatives in the United States. Based on
recommendations by the 9/11 Commission, new measures were put in place to fill key gaps and keep our
country safe.
Contrary to the irresponsible misrepresentations and false statements by some members of Congress,
the federal government is not engaged in a massive surveillance program. The current program operates
under strict oversight by the nation&#8217;s top federal judges, Congress and officials across several
different federal agencies. There is no evidence to support accusations of abuse or unlawful spying on
Americans.
Instead of maintaining the current program, the USA Freedom Act &#8211; passed by the Senate this
week and signed into law by President Obama &#8211; will transition our country to an untested system
that exists in name only. We do not know how this new program will be implemented, and we do not know
how it will be operated. The new program will render our counterterrorism tools less agile and less reliable,
while requiring an expansive regulatory system to match the level of oversight that currently exists.
And the USA Freedom Act does not require companies to hold the data sought by investigators, meaning
the new program could become operationally useless as companies update their business models in response
to changes in technology or market demands.
The first and primary responsibility of the federal government is to provide for the common defense
of the American people. Today, our country faces the most distributed and diverse terrorist threats since
2001, and the USA Freedom Act makes us less safe and puts us at greater risk. This law is a significant
step backward.
Click
here
or on the image above to
watch me discuss this issue on Fox News.
Waste
of the Week: VA Procurement Abuse
In this week's Waste of the Week, I discussed how Congress can achieve $6 billion in savings by simply
requiring the U.S. Department of Veterans Affairs (VA) to comply with current federal law.
According to an internal memo written by a VA senior official, the agency has been wasting taxpayer
money and putting veterans at risk by violating federal contracting rules when purchasing medical care
and supplies. Under current law, VA purchases require competitive bidding and proper contracts,
but testimony by Deputy Assistant Secretary for Acquisition and Logistics Jan Frye last month before
Congress revealed the opposite is occurring. For example, VA purchase cards, which are typically used
for small purchases up to $3,000, have inappropriately been used to buy billions of dollars&#8217; worth
of medical supplies, without contracts or oversight.
Given the large scale of purchases made by the VA, proper procurement procedures ensure the best
service for veterans and the best value for the taxpayers. Aside from higher prices, a lack of contracts
can result in a lack of oversight. The VA, like Congress, is accountable to taxpayers for what it spends.
I understand the incredible pressure the VA has been under because of a recent influx of new veterans.
I appreciate the good work of many of those who work at the VA, but it is never in order to violate
federal law. This kind of wasteful spending should not be tolerated.
Click
here
or on the image above to watch my speech on the Senate floor.
Coats
in the News
Sen.
Coats: TSA Needs 'Top-to-Bottom' Review for Detection Failures
Indiana
businessman says he won&#8217;t expand because of Obamacare
Coats :
Threats to America &#8216;greater than anything I&#8217;ve seen before&#8217;
Coats:
I
authored language to help U.S. steelmakers
Coats
Discusses TSA Problems with Fox News
Stay
Connected
Coats with Hoosiers
I
enjoyed meeting with leaders of the Indiana Builders Association during their annual trip to Washington.
Thanks
to Hoosier RV manufacturers for updating me on developments in their industry this year.
Dr.
Joseph Sergio provided insightful testimony about how Obamacare has affected his small business in South
Bend.
To
unsubscribe please
Click
Here
Contact
Me Latest
News
