
Friday May 22, 2015
SHARE ON:
Investing in Research and America's Future
This week, the House has been focusing on
legislation
to promote innovation and entrepreneurship to ensure America remains competitive in the global economy. Throughout our nation's history, we have been the world leader in developing breakthrough products and technologies that improve our quality of life. I see this ingenuity at work in schools, labs, and small businesses as I travel across the district, and our policies should foster innovation, not hold it back. By allowing for more investment in research here at home, we can create jobs and higher wages for American workers.
Upcoming Events:
My office will be holding the following events as resources for constituents in the coming weeks.
Delta Township Mobile Office Hours
Congressman Walbergs staff will be available to provide casework assistance on issues related to a federal agency, including Veterans Affairs, Medicare, Social Security, and the IRS.
Date: Wednesday, May 27
Time: 11:00
1:00 PM
Location: Delta Township District Library; 5130 Davenport Drive; Lansing, MI
Jackson Job Fair
Congressman Walberg will be hosting a job fair alongside local employers who have available job opportunities. Job seekers should bring copies of their resume to share with local employers.
Date: Tuesday, June 9
Time: 9:00
12:00 PM
Location: Commonwealth Commerce Center; 209 East Washington Avenue; Jackson, MI
Weekly Update :
Visited with students, teachers, and parents from
Monroe Catholic Elementary Schools
during their 8th Grade trip to DC
Answered questions and gave an update on my work in Congress during a
coffee hour
with constituents in Summit Township
Assembled care packages for our nation's deployed servicemen and women for the
USO Care Package Service Project
Supported six pieces of legislation aimed at better serving our veterans and holding the VA accountable
Spoke at Spring Arbor University's
commencement ceremony
and gave a word of encouragement to the Class of 2015
Passed bipartisan legislation to crack down on human trafficking and support victims, which now heads to President Obama's desk
In the News:
Detroit Free Press op-ed |
A bipartisan solution to put higher education within reach
Press Release |
Walberg Continues Commitment to Combat Human Trafficking
Press Release |
Walberg Votes for Bipartisan Transportation Bill
Press Release |
Walberg Backs Bill Boosting American Research and Innovation
Need to Know :
Please visit my
website
for a full record of my votes.
For even more information, please follow me on
Facebook ,
Twitter
and
Instagram .
NOTE: Please DO NOT respond to this email as this inbox is unattended. To contact my office please
click here
UPDATE SUBSCRIPTION OPTIONS
|
PRIVACY POLICY
|
CONTACT US
Click Here Click Here