
Photo of the Week:
On Wednesday, I met with rising juniors and seniors who were touring Washington D.C. as part of the North Carolina Electric Cooperatives' Youth Tour. These students were selected for their academic, civic and leadership excellence!
Weekly Update:
This week began with my attendance at two very important subcommittee hearings. The Energy &amp; Power Subcommittee held a hearing on the EPA's proposed ozone rule and the potential impact this would have on manufacturing. These proposed regulations will make it challenging for cities to grow and attract businesses. Between 2017 and 2040, North Carolina is suspected to lose $42 billion in gross state product because of these potential ozone proposals.
Click here
to read more about it.
Also this week, the Health Subcommittee held a hearing on H.R. 2646, The Helping Families in Mental Health Crisis Act. Mental illness is a complicated clinical condition that unfortunately affects many of our veterans, and it is something that needs to be addressed without delay. This legislation will allow for any veteran
who is transferring from the Department of Defense to the Department of Veterans Affairs
to keep their same mental health medication as long as they need.
On Thursday, we passed H.R. 160, the Protect Medical Innovation Act of 2015, to repeal the Obamacare medical device tax.
Click here
to see some of the other ways House Republicans are working to put patients first.
I also had the pleasure of meeting with Second District students who were in Washington as part of the North Carolina's Electric Cooperatives' Youth Tour.
It is always such a refreshing change of pace to meet students, answer their questions and discuss what we are doing to help folks back home. Scroll down to view a few photos!
I hope you and your family are enjoying this Father's Day weekend! Please don't hesitate to contact my office if I can be of any assistance to you.
Talking TPA on Fox Business
I had the opportunity to join Neil Cavuto on Fox Business Network to discuss TPA and TPP.
Click here
or on the photo above to view the interview. As I stated with Neil, TPA is a tool to enhance congressional involvement and oversight during trade negotiations. It's important to note that TPA is not a resource to give the president new or additional power and it will be hugely beneficial for producing the strongest possible trade deal for our country and all North Carolinians.
Meeting Second District Students
It was a pleasure answering questions from these bright Second District students on North Carolina's electric infrastructure and what it's like being a member of Congress.
With a group like this, how could we miss the opportunity for a selfie?!
Setting the Record Straight on TPA :
Over the course of the last few weeks, I have heard from many constituents with questions and concerns on TPA. I compiled a list of facts to directly respond to some of the concerns and questions I continue to hear from Second District Constituents.
Click here
or on the photo above for an in-depth look to set the record straight.
Repealing the Obamacare Medical Device Tax
This week we voted in the House to repeal the Obamacare medical device tax. This legislation will prevent these taxes from being passed on to patients. H.R. 160 will mean that you no longer have to absorb the cost of your childs next x-ray, your parents artificial joint replacement or a senior citizens pacemaker.
WEBSITE
|
UNSUBSCRIBE
|
CONTACT
Click Here Click Here