
Friend,
So far, several hundred people have signed their name in support of raising the federal minimum wage.
It&#39;s critical that Congress takes this step.
We are just now pulling out of the worst recession in recent memory and we need to ensure our economy continues trending in the right direction.
Hard working Americans are the backbone of our economy and we should treat them that way.
Click here to sign your name in support of giving America a raise.
By boosting pay and making the minimum wage a livable wage, we will ensure that hard working families and their children are given the opportunity to achieve the American dream.
They deserve nothing less.
It&rsquo;s time to raise the federal minimum wage&mdash;sign your name here in support.
Have a fabulous day. Be well, Ami
Sent from my iPad
Begin forwarded message:
Date:
Tuesday, May 12 th
2015 at 11:13am
Subject:
Give America a raise
Friend--
No one who works full time should have to live in poverty.
That&rsquo;s why I recently co-sponsored the
Raise the Wage Act
that would raise the national minimum wage from $7.25 to $12.00 by the year 2020.
Wages have been stagnating for too long, and unfortunately, a dollar does not go as far as it used to.
Nearly 38 million hard working Americans will benefit from raising the minimum wage. It will help parents provide for their children, close the wage gap, reduce poverty and strengthen the economy.
We need to make the minimum wage a livable wage.
Click here to sign your name in support of giving America a raise.
I grew up in a country that believed if you worked hard and put in an honest day&#39;s work, then you should be compensated properly.
But too often that is no longer the case.
We need to give hard working Americans the opportunity to succeed and that starts by raising the federal minimum wage.
Let&rsquo;s give America a raise-- sign your name in support of raising the minimum wage.
Be well,
Ami
Copyright (C) 2015 Bera for Congress All rights reserved.
Paid for by Bera for Congress
Bera for Congress PO Box 582496 Elk Grove CA 95758 United States
unsubscribe