
June 21, 2015
WEBSITE
|
FORWARD TO A FRIEND
| SHARE ON:
Reminder: Jobs Fair Tomorrow
In This Week's Kline's Corner
Career &amp; Jobs Fair Tomorrow
Taking Steps to Keep Commitment to Special Education
Repealing Tax on Life-saving Devices
Reminder: Jobs Fair Tomorrow in Eagan
Dear Friends,
My Career and Jobs Fair is
tomorrow -- Monday, June 22
from 9 a.m.-1 p.m. at the Eagan Community Center
(1501 Central Parkway, Eagan). I am pleased to provide this opportunity for job seekers in Minnesotas 2nd District as they navigate a highly competitive job market. More than
80 employers with job openings
in addition to employment assistance organizations will be in attendance. To help prepare you for the jobs fair, I encourage you to visit my virtual Jobs Search Toolkit at
www.kline.house.gov/jobs . My career and jobs fair is free and open to the public. I look forward to seeing you there.
Taking Steps to Keep Commitment to Special Ed Funding
The federal government has made a commitment to funding 40 percent of the costs of educating students with special needs and I am pleased to share with you that Congress has taken steps in the right direction to keeping that promise. While we still have a long way to go to meet our obligation, an increase of $50 million is not insignificant
earlier this year
I requested the federal governments contribution to special education reach 18 percent
and this increase brings us up to 17 percent. I remain committed to working with my colleagues to ensure Congress is taking steps toward keeping its promise to these vulnerable students and providing school leaders opportunities to strengthen special education and improve education for all our students.
Repealing Tax on Life-saving Devices
The medical device industry is a significant economic driver and job creator in Minnesota. Last week, I supported bipartisan legislation offered by Congressman Erik Paulsen which passed Congress to repeal a 2.3 percent tax on medical devices imposed by ObamaCare. I was pleased to help champion Rep. Paulsens bill to stop taxing medical devices that save and improve millions of lives in order to help fund the Presidents flawed health care law. The repeal of the medical device tax will protect jobs and preserve patients access to affordable, life-saving devices, and I urge the Senate to consider this important bipartisan legislation in the coming weeks. Read more
here .
Have a great week and Happy Father's Day!
John Kline
Member of Congress
TOP NEWS
ICYMI VIDEO: Kline Presses Senior Military Leaders on U.S. Mission in Iraq
Minnesota Congressman John Kline, a senior member of the House Armed Services Committee, recently pressed our nations top defense officials on our strategy in, and the current state of, Iraq. The hearing on U.S. Policy and Strategy in the Middle East included Secretary of Defense, Ashton Carter, and General Martin Dempsey, the Chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff.
I was looking at the preparation sheet for todays hearing, U.S. Policy and Strategy in the Middle East, I think we concluded that we dont have a strategy. In fact, the Commander in Chief said we didnt really have a strategy. So, Im a little bit mystified by exactly what were doing here since we dont have a strategy."
Read more.
UPDATE SUBSCRIPTION OPTIONS
|
PRIVACY POLICY
|
CONTACT US
Click Here Click Here