
Babin Bulletin | June 14, 2015
Click here
if you have trouble viewing this email
Babin Introduces Legislation to
Restrict Funding for United Nations
On Friday,
I introduced legislation to prohibit any federal funds from being voluntarily donated to the United Nations (UN) or UN related agencies.
With an $18 trillion national debt, it is time the United States stops financing an international body that routinely opposes our priorities and values.
With the UN promoting issues like the Small Arms Treaty and Global Warming initiatives that undermine our Constitutional rights and national sovereignty, it's past time to rein them in for overstepping their bounds.
House Considers
Trade Negotiating Legislation
The 36th Congressional District is a hub of pipelines, oil, gas, chemicals, timber, paper, rail, shipping and trucking and is the second largest exporter in the State of Texas.
We have the largest concentration of petrochemical facilities in the nation and they are in need of new export markets.
Already, these factories are shipping 20%, 30% or more of their product overseas and thousands of Texan jobs depend on it.
A good trade agreement, designed and controlled by Congress, could open up one billion new overseas customers for American-made products
shipping products made by hardworking Americans in places like Pasadena, Deer Park and Orange and shipped out of our Texas ports.
Thats why I joined Texas Senators
Ted Cruz
and John Cornyn in voting for H.R. 1314.
Most members of the conservative Republican Study Committee voted for H.R. 1314; including Reps. Jeb Hensarling, Steve King and Tim Huelskamp.
In fact, nearly every Republican in the Texas Congressional delegation voted for it, and it has been endorsed by conservatives like Charles Krauthammer.
To read more, please
click here .
Babin: An Opportunity to
Restore Health Care Freedom
Soon the U.S. Supreme Court will issue its highly anticipated ruling in King v. Burwell. If the Court rules against the President it will have a profound effect on Obamacare.
The law clearly states that subsidies to purchase health care insurance can only be granted through an exchange established by the State. After 33 states
including Texas
chose not to establish an exchange, the Obama Administration unilaterally rewrote the law to hand out tens of billions of dollars in subsidies to those who lived in states without exchanges and signed up through a federal-exchange plan.
The law is clear and the Administration overstepped its prerogative. Under the U.S. Constitution, laws are written by the legislative branch of government, not the President.
The Court will most likely strike down the Administrations unlawful actions, and when they do, it will give the peoples body
the U.S. Congress
the opportunity to provide much-needed relief to millions of Americans.
To read more about how I think Congress should respond to the upcoming court decision,
please click here.
House Passes Legislation to
Fully Fund Our Armed Forces
On Thursday, the House passed the Fiscal Year 2016 Department of Defense appropriations bill (H.R. 2685), which fully funds our military to ensure they have the resources they need to combat ISIS and defend our nation from future threats. I voted for this legislation, which includes:
2.3% pay raise for our troops
New aircraft, ships, and more.
Resources for important health programs and research, including traumatic brain injuries.
Medical care for our troops, military families, and retirees
Funding for key readiness programs to prepare our troops
Snap-shots
from the Week
I recently toured the Port of Houston to learn more about our nation's busiest port and its safety and security measures. The Port of Houston is not only a significant economic engine for our local area, it also generates nearly $500 billion of national economic activity and 2.1 million American jobs.
Last week, I visited the John Crane facility in Pasadena, TX, to tour its operations and meet with the facilities' 120 employees. John Crane develops and manufactures products and services for the world's industrial markets.
Congressman Sam Johnson (R-TX) personally signed me a copy of his book
Captive Warriors: A Vietnam POW's Story, which tells his seven-year battle as a POW in the infamous North Vietnamese prison, Hanoi Hilton.
Forward to a Friend
|
Share on Facebook
|
Share on Twitter
UPDATE SUBSCRIPTION OPTIONS
|
PRIVACY POLICY
|
CONTACT US
Click Here Click Here