
Championing Our Natural Resources
Recently, I was appointed to serve on the Energy &amp; Minerals Subcommittee on the House Natural Resources Committee. This subcommittee has jurisdiction over energy production and mining on federal lands that are both onshore and offshore. I am deeply honored to have been appointed by Chairman Bishop (R-UT) to this incredibly prestigious subcommittee that is dedicated to advancing an all-of-the-above energy approach. This subcommittee remains committed to promoting exploration of all energy sources, creating jobs, and lowering gas prices. I look forward to working with Subcommittee Chairman Doug Lamborn and the rest of my colleagues on important issues like Outer Continental Shelf drilling and other issues that are central to my concerns for the American economy.
Georgia's Natural Resources
Last week, I visited a 10th District natural resource hub in Sandersville. I was thrilled to tour Imerys Kaolin mining and production site. As many of you know, kaolin is a mineral used in the production of paper, rubber, paint, and more. Mr. Andrews, the Imerys site coordinator, informed me of the detrimental effects that the EPA's recently announced "Waters of the U.S." rule, backed by the Obama Administration, has on the mining community. With that in mind,
I was proud to support H.R. 1732, the Regulatory Integrity Protection Act of 2015, and spearheaded efforts to protect Georgias waters and businesses from the Obama Administrations overreach. To learn more about my efforts to keep the administration from hurting Georgia's businesses, like Imerys, please click
here .
Congressman Hice pictured with Imerys representative discussing Kaolin mining priorities
A 10th District "Triumph"
I was honored to tour the Triumph Aerostructures-Vought Division in Milledgeville. Triumph was named the 2015 Large Manufacturer of the Year by the Georgia Department of Economic Development. Triumph employs over 13,000 employees in the U.S. and over 700 of those employees work right in Milledgeville. I enjoyed learning more about how Triumph specializes in complex assemblies that are installed in advanced commercial and military aircraft. After the tour, I was pleased to present several members of the Triumph team with an official copy of remarks I submitted for the Congressional Record, highlighting the wonderful work done at this facility and congratulating Triumph on its dedication to job creation, and commitment to the success of the Middle Georgia economy in the 10th Congressional District.
Pictured: Triumph HR Director Tena Wheeler, Congressman Hice, and Triumph Site Controller Mike Anderson
Happy Birthday To Heroes
It was a treat to attend the Georgia War Veterans grand birthday celebration. I was incredibly blessed to wish several veterans a Happy Birthday and thank them for their incredible service to our country. The Georgia War veterans Home is located in Milledgeville and is able to house up to 375 Veterans for continued care. I was especially moved by hearing several individuals stories, and remain grateful for the efforts of the team at the Georgia War Veterans home.
Hice wishes local Veteran resident a Happy Birthday at Georgia War Veterans Home in Milledgeville, GA
Georgia Military College Meeting
It was wonderful meeting with the Georgia Military College leadership team last week. I truly enjoyed our discussions about several exciting GMC initiatives. As always, I am truly honored to represent such a fantastic institution that helps to teach some of the brightest military scholars in the country! I also enjoyed speaking with the group about our upcoming 10th District Military Academy day to be hosted at GMC on August 19th, 2015. To learn more about our upcoming 10th District Military Academy Day please follow us on
facebook .
Hice pictured with Brigadier General Curt Rauhut at Georgia Military College
WEBSITE
|
UNSUBSCRIBE
|
CONTACT
Click Here Click Here