
Miller Newsletter
May 31, 2015
Veterans Corner
Bay Pines Veterans Affairs Medical Center Memorial Day Ceremony
Last Monday, throughout the Nation, Americans came together not only to give thanks and honor those who made the ultimate sacrifice, but to bring together the families of the fallen and help heal the wounds left by the loss of loved ones.
I was humbled to take part in the Memorial Day ceremony at the Bay Pines National Cemetery in Bay Pines, Florida, where just over a year ago I helped re-christen the Bay Pines VA Medical Center in honor of the legendary Florida Congressman Bill Young.
I joined the veterans and members of the community in attendance to reflect on the enormous sacrifices of countless heroes past and the tradition and dedication of the patriotic Americans willing to fight for what this country stands for and who have helped grow it into the greatest country on Earth. While Memorial Day has come and gone, let us always honor and revere those who have answered that call and who gave their lives so we could live ours in peace.
Chairman Miller with Congressman Dave Jolly (R-FL) and Chaplain Ruben Ortiz, delivering the invocation during the 2015 Bay Pines Memorial Day Ceremony (left); Sons of the American Legion,
Roy Stewart,
plays Taps at the conclusion of the 2015 Bay Pines Memorial Day Ceremony (right).
Photos courtesy of Bay Pines VA Healthcare System.
Orlando Veterans Affairs Medical Center Hospital Ribbon Cutting
On Tuesday, I joined VA Secretary Bob McDonald, Ranking Member Corrine Brown (D-FL), Congressman John Mica (R-FL), Congressman Bill Posey (R-FL), Congressman
Alan Grayson (D-FL), Congressman Daniel Webster, and Congressman Ron DeSantis (R-FL) at a ceremony to dedicate the long overdue Orlando VA Medical Center.
The Department of Veterans Affairs has one of the most important tasks in the American government: To provide the veterans of the greatest military in the world and their families the benefits and services they have earned.
With the construction of this facility--the latest of some 150 VA Medical Centers across the country--Orlando veterans will have access to state of the art care right in their back yard.
While we can never fully repay the debt we owe our Nation's warriors, the Orlando VA Medical Center can play an integral role in helping to heal the veterans who have fought to keep our country strong, and to that end, I am glad that this day had finally arrived.
Chairman Miller at the May 26, 2015 Orlando Veterans Affairs Medical Center Hospital Ribbon Cutting Ceremony.
Photo courtesy of Orlando VA Medical Center Public Affairs.
1st Battalion, 61st Infantry Regiment Graduation
I had the privilege of attending the Army Basic Training graduation ceremony for the 1/61st Battalion at Fort Jackson, South Carolina, where I was proud to see the next generation of warriors graduate ready to serve our Nation.
Among the graduating glass was my granddaughter Nicoles husband, Justin Heinen, an Air Force veteran who plans to continue his service as a member of the Florida National Guard.
I thank all those who graduated for choosing to protect the United States, and I wish them all the best in their military careers.
Chairman Miller with Congressman Joe Wilson (R-SC) and Major General Bradley A. Becker.
Photo courtesy of Fort Jackson (left).
Specialist Justin and Nicole Heinen (right).
Washington Update
Permanent Internet Tax Freedom Act
With more people than ever utilizing the internet as an integral part of their daily lives, it is crucial that government maintain policies that promote internet freedom and e-commerce.
One of the key policies supporting economic activity on the internet is the
Internet Tax Freedom Act
(ITFA), which was signed into law in 1998.
This law prohibits states or local governments from levying harmful taxes on internet access or e-commerce; however, it is currently set to expire on October 1, 2015.
To prevent the expiration of the ITFA and stop consumers from facing potentially steep increases in the cost of internet usage and e-commerce, I have once again cosponsored H.R.235, the
Permanent Internet Tax Freedom Act , which would make the ban permanent to help ensure affordable access for all Americans and promote the increased economic activity and opportunity that comes through a free internet.
Apalachicola Bay Restoration Act
I joined 19 other Members of the Florida Congressional Delegation to introduce legislation supporting Apalachicola Bay and our states oyster industry.
Unfortunately, this vital industry has seen devastating problems in recent years due not only to natural causes, but also, in large part, as a result of actions taken over the course of decades by the State of Georgia to increase storage and consumption of upstream water that flows into Apalachicola Bay.
This bill would help Floridas families and businesses, who have suffered as a result of being cut off from natural water flows, by requiring the Army Corps of Engineers, which controls the flows in the Apalachicola-Chattahoochee-Flint river system, to consider fresh water flow to the Apalachicola Bay in their water management plans.
While the Supreme Court has also agreed to consider litigation put forward by Florida challenging the current water management, there is no definitive timetable, and Floridas fishery economy cannot wait longer to have this issue corrected.
I will continue to work with my colleagues to help bring relief to the many Floridians who rely on a healthy Apalachicola Bay.
Pediatric Brain Tumor Funding
To help combat cancer, and particularly childhood cancer, Congress created the Congressionally Directed Medical Research Program at the Department of Defense.
Since 2009, one of the focuses of this program has been research on pediatric brain tumors, which is the leading cause of cancer-related deaths in children under 14.
Last year, however, pediatric brain tumor research was removed from the list of eligible categories, and that is why I joined nearly 40 of my colleagues asking that it be restored to the list so that vital research can continue to work to find a cure for this devastating disease.
I will continue to work with my colleagues in Congress to support life-saving research in this important area.
To read the letter click
here .
In the News
Miller Media Clips
To read some recent press clips highlighting my work on behalf of Florida's First Congressional District and our Nations veterans and servicemembers, visit the links below:
Government Audit Finds Improper Behavior at Philadelphia VA
Spanish Ship Returns To Pensacola
VA construction fight damages ties with Congress
VA changes slow in coming, rep says
A year after VA scandal, House veterans committee chairman wants more progress
Miller: VA yet to deliver on promises
3,000 pay their respects at Bay Pines Memorial Day service
Hundreds turn out for stirring dedication of national cemetery
In the District
Juan Sebastin de Elcano Visit
Northwest Florida proudly welcomed Captain Enrique Torres Pieyro and the crew of the Juan Sebastin de Elcano to the Port of Pensacola last week in recognition of General Bernardo de Glvez.
I was honored to work with my colleagues in Congress, friends of General Glvez in Northwest Florida and the Spanish Ambassador to the United States Ramn Gil-Casares to pass legislation last year granting Honorary American Citizenship to General Glvez. General Glvez became just the 8th individual to receive this great honorjoining the ranks of many of historys great names, including Winston Churchill, Mother Teresa and the Marquis de La Fayetteand I was glad to see the Elcano once again come to Northwest Florida to celebrate and further solidify American-Spanish relations.
Start of 2015 Hurricane Season
With the start of Hurricane Season on June 1, National Hurricane Preparedness Week ran from May 24-30.
As residents of the Gulf Coast know, it is important to take measures to be prepared in the event of a storm to minimize danger and property damage.
Although the National Oceanographic and Atmospheric Administration (NOAA) is predicting a below-average 2015 season, residents should still take measures to protect their family and property.
To learn more about how to prepare visit
http://www.ready.gov/hurricanes
and
http://www.nhc.noaa.gov/prepare/ .
Click on the image above to learn more about hurricane preparedness
As always, I welcome your comments. To share your thoughts on legislation, votes or issues, please visit http://jeffmiller.house.gov/ to send an e-mail or call any of my offices.
Thanks,
Jeff
Click Here
to view this email in your browser
Click Here
to be removed from this list