
If you are having trouble viewing
this message or would like to share it on a social network, you can
view the message
online .
Home
|
About
|
How Can I Help?
|
Media
|
Issues
|
The 6th
District
Dear Friends:
Earlier today I
successfully passed a $150 million agreement through the U.S. House of
Representatives to keep the Aurora VA project going through the end of
September.
The agreement was a team effort by the
entire Colorado delegation, with the bill originating in the U.S. Senate
carried by Senator Cory Gardner. When it comes to serving the men and
women who served this country, we are united in
Colorado.
As you all well know, the hospital is nearly a billion dollars over
budget due to inexcusable VA mismanagement. But our veterans shouldnt
suffer due to the failures of VAs
leadership.
The
agreement took money out of VAs existing budget, including $80
million in green energy projects, to keep the project funded through the
end of September 2015.
That will give us time to
require reforms from the VA and work out a long-term agreement to see the
project funded through completion.
Hard decisions will
need to be made to come up with an additional $600
million.
Last week the VA proposed covering that cost by either
delaying other veteran projects around the country or cutting $500 million
from veterans healthcare. Both proposals were dead on arrival in
Congress.
The VAs proposals demonstrate a lack of
seriousness towards covering the cost of their unforgivable
mismanagement.
The VA needs to make hard decisions and this week I put
forward an example of that type of
decision.
Did
you know the VA owns a 5-star boutique hotel in
Paris?
The VA currently owns Pershing Hall, a property given to it by the
American Legion which it turned around and leased to a private company who
converted it into a hotel. The property is worth about $30
million.
I think we should sell the hotel in Paris to help
pay for the Aurora hospital.
Ive also proposed
using the VAs $360 million annual bonus budget to help pay for the
hospital.
There are ways to get this hospital built, but it
is going to take some hard
decisions.
It is time
for the VA to start making them.
Sincerely,
Mike
Coffman
U.S. Representative
If you would like to sign up to receive regular email
updates from Mike, please visit
this
link
$ 18,159,732,563,693
Share on Facebook
Share on
Twitter
Share on
LinkedIn
Coffman Pitches Plan to Sell
VA-Owned Paris Hotel to Fund Aurora
Hospital
By: Rachel
Sapin
Aurora
Sentinel
Published June 11, 2015
U.S. Rep. Mike
Coffman , R-Aurora, is urging the VA sell a building it owns in Paris
currently leased and operated as a five-star hotel
to help fund
the completion of the half-finished, billion-dollar replacement
veterans hospital. According to
Coffman , the buildings sale
could give the VA $30 million to use toward the hospitals total
price tag of over $1 billion.
Sell the hotel in Paris;
build the hospital in Aurora,
Coffman
in a statement.
The VA needs to make hard decisions to fund their mismanagement, and
selling a five-star foreign hotel is a great place to
start.
The VA owns Pershing Hall, a five-star boutique hotel, restaurant
and club in Paris, and is currently leasing it to a private company,
L.A. Partners, on a 99-year lease due to end in 2097, according to the
statement.
The interior of the hotel at Pershing Hall in
Paris, France.
U.S. Rep. Mike Coffman , R-Aurora, has
proposed selling the building to its current lessee to help fund the
Aurora VA hospital project.
Coffman
said Congress rejected the VAs plan to fund the hospital by either
delaying VA projects around the country or cutting spending on veteran
healthcare. Under that plan, the department asked Congress to increase the
budget for the hospital by $775 million for a total price of $1.675
billion. The VA said it would be able to reduce the cost from $1.73
billion by delaying completion of a community living center and
post-traumatic stress rehabilitation facility. The facilities together, the VA
said, cost $55 million.
Unless Congress and the VA reach
a deal, construction could stop in mid-June when the current spending
cap is reached.
New Citizens Embrace
Opportunity
By: Taryn
Walker
Centennial Citizen
Published June 11,
2015
Bridgette Yeboah-Spaun had no idea she would fall in love with someone in the
United States when she came here from Ghana to study nursing, she
said.
Four years later, she was elated to take pictures
with her husband, Ben, shortly after becoming a U.S. citizen. She was
among 50 immigrants to be naturalized by the U.S. Citizenship and
Immigration Services office in Centennial on June
8.
Yeboah-Spaun recently earned her master's degree in nursing from Regis College
in Weston, Massachusetts. Now that she's working as a nurse
practitioner, she has goals of going back to Ghana and building a free clinic for
her home village.
"This has all been a long journey,
but becoming an American citizen is just an extra bonus for me," she
said. "It's really exciting and unbelievable at the same time. Now, I
have the opportunity to give and reach out more with my
work."
Twenty-nine countries were represented at the ceremony, and for
many it was on to the next step - registering to vote and applying for a
U.S. passport.
The room was filled with the new
citizens and their friends and family, plus
U.S. Rep. Mike
Coffman
(R-Aurora), members of the Columbine Chapter of Daughters of
the American Revolution and television crews, among
others.
The ceremony was chosen for June, as it marks Immigration Heritage
Month.
It all started with a video titled "Faces of
America" and a welcoming from
Coffman , who represents the
6th Congressional District.
"We welcome you to this
country. God bless your families and the state of Colorado," he
said.
Next, it was time for the immigrants to read their oath of
allegiance with their right hands raised. A couple minutes later, it
was done. The months - and for some, years - of hard work to obtain
their citizenship were over.
The new citizens recited the
Pledge of Allegiance and sang the national anthem. Some glanced at a
placard with the lyrics, excited to participate in the
song.
Here's a glimpse into the stories of three people who became
citizens on June 8:
Camila Mitchell, who's originally from
Brazil and now resides in Denver with her husband and infant daughter,
said it's taken her since 2009 to formally become an American
citizen.
Everything had a time frame. Mitchell came to the U.S. on
a visa while engaged to her husband, Charlie, and then obtained a
green card for two years. But it wasn't easy. So many things got messed up
in the process, she said.
"I know things are going to
be much easier now," she said. "I can vote, I don't have to stand in
the immigration line at the airport and I can get my passport. We're
traveling back home to Brazil next month to
visit."
Rasty
Qader, who's from Iraq, said he felt all types of emotions after the
ceremony.
"I came here be because of the situation in
Iraq," he said. "Over the last five years, I just realized I didn't want
to be there. I feel excited - this was nerve-racking. I'm glad to be
able to vote and do more things. I'm going to apply for my passport
right now. It was so hard to travel with an Iraqi passport, but now I can
go to Europe like I've wanted."
He said he applied to be
a U.S. citizen just a couple of months ago and that it wasn't so bad.
The test wasn't hard, he said.
Madhu Kumar, a wife and
mother of two, said she feels like her naturalization has opened a lot
of doors. Originally from India, she married her husband, Sunil, who
was studying for his doctorate in ecology at Colorado State
University. The two had son Ayush, 8, and daughter Anika, 5, in the U.S. so
they'd be American citizens. Kumar said she's excited to be able to hold a
government job, since it was impossible on a green
card.
"We've struggled a lot in the last 11 years, but now I'm really
happy I know my children get to grow up here," she said. "My husband and I
both had a very different childhood in India and here, our children
are going to have real access to learning every day. I'm hoping for a
better future and to give back to the U.S. and country we come from. My
heart is in both places."
Washington Office
2443
Rayburn HOB
Washington, D.C.
20515
Phone: (202)
225-7882
Fax: (202) 226-4623
District Office
Cherry Creek Place
IV
3300 S. Parker Road, Suite
#305
Aurora, CO 80014
Phone: (720) 748-7514
Fax: (720) 748-7680
Unsubscribe
|
Update My Profile
|
Privacy Policy
gateway mail end 