
SPRING IN REVIEW
See the online version of this newsletter .
Forward this newsletter to a friend .
Dear Friend,
Here are some of the highlights of my work this spring.
I hope that you find this informative, and that you like the newsletter's new format.
I look forward to seeing you soon in the 40th District or in Washington, DC.
Leading the Fight to End Family Detention :
Calling for an end to detention of women and children at a Capitol Hill press conference.
It is impossible to ignore the devastating impact our nations family detention centers are having on the mental health and development of the young children in detention.
That is why I helped lead a Congressional press conference urging the
Department of Homeland Security
to end its immigrant family detention program.
You can watch my statement here, beginning at the 8 minute and 58 second mark .
I also led more than 130 House Democrats in writing a letter to Homeland Security Secretary Jeh Johnson asking that he end the use of detention for women and children.
You can read our letter here .
In addition, as the Ranking Democrat on the
House Homeland Security Appropriations Subcommittee , I led Democrats questioning of the leaders of
Customs and Border Protection (CBP) , the
Federal Emergency Management Agency (FEMA) , and
Immigration and Customs Enforcement (ICE) .
I asked about efforts to ensure humane treatment of immigrant children and families crossing our border, including those fleeing violence in their home countries.
Continuing My Efforts to Reduce Underage Drinking :
I introduced a bill to reauthorize my Sober Truth on Preventing (STOP) Underage Drinking Act, whose programs have helped to reduce Americas underage drinking rate.
Although that rate has declined, we still have more work to do: alcohol remains the most popular drug among our nations young people.
It is critical that we reauthorize the STOP Act so that we can continue the good work accomplished by this important and effective legislation.
Click here to read more about my STOP Act reauthorization bill .
Honoring Those Who Served :
Paying tribute to our lost service members at a Memorial Day ceremony in Los Angeles.
I honored our nations fallen heroes at Memorial Day events in Paramount, Bell Gardens, Huntington Park, and at Cinco Puntos in East Los Angeles.
Because American patriots were willing to make the ultimate sacrifice to protect our freedom, we enjoy the blessings of peace and liberty, as well as the abilities to speak and worship freely, to assemble without fear, and to pursue our dreams.
I am committed to looking out for the best interests of our veteran community.
That is why I opposed the Republican Majoritys totally inadequate Military Construction and Veterans Affairs Appropriations bill.
This bill falls far short of providing sufficient funding for Veterans Affairs, offering a staggering $1.4 billion less than the President requested to fund the Veterans Administration.
It underfunds veterans medical services and VA construction allocations by more than half a billion dollars apiece.
That will limit upgrades and renovations to veterans medical facilities, and deprive injured and suffering veterans in dire need of care.
It is no wonder that veterans service organizations raised strong objections to this bill.
Supporting Our Businesses and Protecting Our Workers :
Touring Porto's Bakery &amp; Caf in Downey with U.S. Small Business Administrator Maria Contreras-Sweet (center) and Margarita Navarro of the Porto family (left).
I met with many area manufacturers and other businesses, because I strongly believe that we must maintain a strong manufacturing base in the 40th District and across America, and do what we can to support job creation in the private sector.
I recently toured the Hollywood Bed Frame Company in Commerce and the Ace Beverage Company in Los Angeles, and also met with representatives from Bellflowers Dante Valve Company.
I participated in a briefing at the LA County Federation of Labor regarding efforts to raise the minimum wage.
U.S. Small Business Administrator
Maria Contreras-Sweet joined me for tours of Porto's Bakery &amp; Caf in Downey and the Portos production facility in Commerce. I was so glad to show Administrator Contreras-Sweet this thriving 40th District small business that employs hundreds of people in our community!
Promoting Good Health for All Americans :
I introduced a House resolution recognizing April 6th through 12th as National Public Health Week .
The week serves as a reminder to our nations families that our behavioral choices, environment, and social circumstances all have major impacts on how long and how well we live.
I helped lead a Congressional letter to the Secretaries of Agriculture and Health and Human Services expressing concerns about this year's U.S. dietary guidelines, which are expected to recommend that Americans severely reduce their consumption of enriched grains.
Such a recommendation would ignore the substantial public health value of eating grains enriched with folic acid.
Since 1998, when the Food and Drug Administration mandated that enriched grains be fortified with folic acid, we've seen a 36% decrease in the incidence of American babies born with neural tube defects such as spina bifida and anencephaly.
In Commerce, I led my annual hospital and clinic roundtables with health care leaders from across our district and beyond.
We had productive and insightful discussions about Medicaid, behavioral health, and many other issues.
I joined my Latino House colleagues for a conversation with labor and civil rights legend Dolores Huerta about the importance of a mandatory labeling standard for genetically modified organisms (GMOs).
Keeping Our Homeland Safe :
Meeting with Domestic Nuclear Detection Office Director Huban Gowadia.
As the Ranking Democrat on the House Homeland Security Appropriations Subcommittee, I am committed to ensuring our first responders, law enforcement officials, and other Homeland Security personnel have the resources they need.
That is why I recently made official visits to several Homeland Security facilities in the Washington, DC area.
These included the U.S. Secret Service headquarters in Washington, where I met with Director Clancy and his team; the National Cybersecurity and Communications Integration Center, where officials work to keep Americas infrastructure safe from intrusions; and Customs and Border Protection's National Targeting Center, which helps America's border officials assess potential threats from land, sea, and air.
I also met in Los Angeles with Dr. Huban Gowadia, the Director of the Department of Homeland Securitys Domestic Nuclear Detection Office (DNDO).
I appreciated the opportunity to speak with Dr. Gowadia about DNDOs work to protect Los Angeles
and America at large
from nuclear terrorism.
Later, I joined Los Angeles Mayor Eric Garcetti and Congressman Ted Lieu (CA-33) for a DNDO demonstration of nuclear detection equipment.
Protecting Californias Water Supply :
I convened a meeting of Southern California water agencies to discuss efforts to combat our states ongoing drought and to increase the amount of water available for Southern Californians use.
As a new member of the House Energy and Water Appropriations Subcommittee, I am committed to doing all I can to help Californians weather the drought.
Fighting for the Just Treatment of Immigrants :
I spoke at the Council of Mexican Federations (COFEM) conference about the importance of continuing to fight for comprehensive immigration reform, and ensuring that Latinos are engaged in pushing for that reform.
I also urged the audience to stay informed about
President Obamas executive actions to expand DACA (Deferred Action for Childhood Arrivals) and create the DAPA (Deferred Action for Parental Accountability) program , so that those who are eligible for these programs will be ready to apply if and when the injunction against these actions is lifted.
I helped convene a meeting in Los Angeles between immigration advocates,
Immigration and Customs Enforcement (ICE)
Director Sarah Saldaa, and
Homeland Security
Deputy Secretary Alejandro Mayorkas.
The meeting was an opportunity for these advocates and officials to have an open dialogue on issues of concern to the immigrant community, including deportation policy, enforcement practices, and the implementation of
the current DACA program .
Supporting Our Students and Our Schools :
Meeting with University of Southern California President C.L. Max Nikias.
As a member of the
House Labor-HHS-Education Appropriations Subcommittee , I questioned early education experts about racial disparities in our early education system, including differences in language comprehension and in the rates of preschool suspensions and expulsions. I strongly support efforts to eliminate these disparities.
I attended awards ceremonies for graduating seniors at Paramount High School and for the Army JROTC at East LA's James A. Garfield High School.
I congratulated the graduates and wished them the very best of luck in the years to come.
I had excellent meetings at the University of Southern California with President C.L. Max Nikias and other leaders, including Dean Marilyn Flynn of the School of Social Work, Dr. Anthony Hassan of the Center for Innovation and Research on Veterans and Military Families, and Dr. Ali E. Abbas of the National Center for Risk and Economic Analysis of Terrorism Events.
I helped honor four amazing local students during the East LA Courthouse's Cinco de Mayo celebration.
The Latino Public Defenders Association, along with the LA County Public Defender's office, honored these students with monetary scholarships, and I presented them with Certificates of Congressional Recognition.
Standing Up for Equal Rights :
As a vocal proponent of LGBT equality, I was proud to be an original cosponsor of a House resolution supporting the International Day Against Homophobia and Transphobia, as well as another House resolution supporting the adoption of laws prohibiting discrimination on the basis of sexual orientation and gender identity.
At a time when there are still powerful political forces striving to slow Americas inevitable progress towards equal treatment for all, it is critical for every one of us to take a firm stand against the forces of prejudice and bigotry.
Meeting with Angelenos :
Joining Angelenos to celebrate Dia de Los Nios.
I helped kick off a Dia de Los Nios (or Day of the Children) celebration in East LAs Belvedere Park.
The event provided an excellent opportunity for community members
especially young people
to showcase their tremendous talent and potential!
As a proud Congressional Asian Pacific American Caucus member, I was honored to attend the groundbreaking for the new site of the Go For Broke National Education Center in Little Tokyo.
It was my pleasure to secure federal funding for this project in Congress several years ago.
The center educates students and teachers about the history of Japanese American soldiers in World War II, the Japanese American incarceration, and the civil liberties issues raised by these events.
I attended Human Services Associations 2015 Spirit of Service Gala.
HSA, a Bell Gardens nonprofit, is celebrating 75 years of outstanding service to the people of Southeast Los Angeles.
I presented HSA CEO Leticia Chacon and HSA Board of Directors President Ron Garcia with a copy of
my Congressional Record tribute recognizing HSAs 75th anniversary .
Meeting with State and National Leaders :
With Lt. Gov. Gavin Newsom in my Capitol Hill office.
I welcomed California Lieutenant Governor Gavin Newsom to my Washington office for an insightful talk about California's water crisis, as well as other issues important to our state's future.
I spoke to U.S. Housing and Urban Development Secretary Julin Castro about raising the Community Development Block Grant service cap.
Raising this cap would give Los Angeles more flexibility to concentrate scarce dollars on providing some of the citys most critically needed services, including at-risk youth programs, job training organizations, homelessness prevention efforts, and neighborhood clean-ups.
Demanding Spending Policies that Keep America Strong :
I voted against the House Majoritys Energy and Water Appropriations bill.
While there are some positive aspects to the Energy and Water bill, its funding priorities betray a serious lack of vision.
The bill drastically underfunds the Presidents requests for sustainable transportation, renewable energy, and energy efficiency, while hiking funding for fossil fuels.
These outdated funding strategies focus on the solutions of the past, not the future.
They jeopardize Americas global competitiveness and stall our development of clean and renewable energy technologies.
I also voted against the National Defense Authorization Act, which locks in the harmful, across-the-board sequestration spending caps set forth in the Majoritys budget, while using hypocritical gimmicks to avoid those very same caps for defense spending
and only defense spending.
By funneling extra money to defense spending while squeezing funding out of the rest of our nations budget, the Majority cripples our infrastructure, disadvantages our children, and hurts our economy.
Im also disappointed that the Majority voted to strip out the bills language encouraging the Secretary of Defense to explore
just explore
the possibility of letting DREAMers join the military.
Sincerely,
Washington, DC Office
2330 Rayburn HOB
Washington, DC 20515
Phone: (202) 225-1766
Fax: (202) 226-0350
District Office
500 Citadel Drive, Suite 320
Commerce, CA 90040
Phone: (323) 721-8790
Fax: (323) 721-8789
WEBSITE
|
UNSUBSCRIBE
|
CONTACT
Click Here Click Here