.
I was on the House floor close to midnight to speak on our amendment to restore the funds.
We were able to get $25 million restored in the House appropriations bill after Republicans originally cut the annual $150 million in half.
Although our amendment did not succeed, we are encouraged that the restoration of $25 million will give us momentum as we turn to the Senate to get the rest of the funding.
What Republicans fail to understand, or perhaps choose to ignore, is that Metro is necessary for the federal government itself to function because its major riders are federal employees.
The federal funding provided to Metro is matched dollar for dollar by the District of Columbia, Maryland, and Virginia, and was authorized to improve Metro safety after nine District-area residents lost their lives in the tragic 2009 Red Line crash.
Some of these funds will be used to replace cars from the 1970s with crash-worthy cars.
The federal funds, used only for capital improvements, are necessary to ensure that Metro is safe for riders and workers.
Arguing My Amendment on the House Floor Against Late and Early Airplane Noise
Last week, I offered an amendment on the House floor to prohibit air transportation service between midnight and 6 a.m. at Ronald Reagan Washington National Airport (DCA) .
I introduced the amendment after holding a standing-room only May 5 community meeting on airplane noise with residents in the Palisades, Foxhall, Georgetown, Hillandale and other impacted neighborhoods in the District.
Residents gave witness to the exasperation of an entire communitys sleepless nights caused by the high volume of early morning and late night flights.
Although my amendment failed, it is only one of the strategies I intend to use until residents get relief.
I am also seeking relief through the FAA reauthorization process and have already submitted this issue as a priority to the Transportation and Infrastructure Committee and its Subcommittee on Aviation, both of which I serve on.
In addition, I am working with Senators Mark Warner (D-VA) and Tim Kaine (D-VA) and regional House Members to ensure that no additional slots or perimeter exceptions are added at DCA.
And, of course, I am continuing to work with Metropolitan Washington Airports Authority, the Federal Aviation Administration, the Foxhall Civic Association, and residents on the communitys action items from our community meeting to address airplane noise.
Meeting with NPS Officials to Get to the Bottom of Malfunctioning Washington Monument Elevator
After the National Park Service (NPS) announced that the Washington Monument elevator would be forced to close down for a full week, I reached out to NPS to schedule a meeting to discuss the long-term condition of the elevator and what steps can be taken to reduce and eliminate breakdowns in the future .
Besides its value to residents and particularly student groups, the Monument is a major tourist site linked closely to tourism revenue.
We cannot afford to have the citys most important elevator breaking down at the beginning of each tourist season, as it also did in 2014.
The elevator gets heavy use, transporting 2,400 visitors over 13 hours each and every day.
Although NPS has told us that the problem is suspected to have been caused by power outages, I am asking NPS officials to look beyond the power outages, an obvious troubling factor, and propose solutions for preventing further elevator malfunctions.
Getting Unconstitutional Racial Profiling Banned on Federal Roads and Highways
Last week, the House passed my amendment to prohibit states that receive federal transportation funding from engaging in unconstitutional profiling based on physical characteristics, such as race.
My amendment, which was also passed and was enacted into law last year, will prevent profiling by law enforcement officialskeeping citizens from being stopped, investigated, arrested, or detained by law enforcement on federally funded highways, streets, or bridges based on their appearance.
I had to get my racial profiling amendment passed again because it was attached to an annual appropriations bill.
By framing the basis for my amendment in the 14th Amendment, I was able to get the amendment passed unanimously.
I will continue fighting for the amendment annually until I can get a permanent version.
Going to House Floor on My Amendment to Fully Fund Section 8 Housing Vouchers to Address Nations Affordable Housing Crisis
Last week, I introduced an amendment to fully fund existing Section 8 Housing Choice Vouchers
by replenishing 67,000 Section 8 Housing Choice vouchers, which were cut due to sequestration.
Congress is ignoring the affordable housing crisis and nowhere is it more apparent than in the District, where we have a severe shortage of rental units available to low and moderate-income residents, leaving thousands of families without options.
The demand is so high in D.C. that the city has even closed its public housing waiting list, including its housing voucher list.
Affordable housing in D.C. has all but disappeared.
Families must make $28.25 per hour to afford a two-bedroom apartment, making the nations capital one of the most expensive housing markets in the country.
Although my amendment was ultimately ruled out of order, I am going to keep fighting until Congress brings some relief to millions of families who are most in need.
Excited to Defend D.C. Bill to Expanding Access to Birth Control Pills from Congress
After the District of Columbia Council took the important step of requiring health insurers that offer coverage of prescription birth control pills to cover a 12-month supply dispensed at one time , reports have already emerged of possible Republican efforts to block the bill.
Do not even try it.
Expanding access to birth control is critical to preventing unwanted pregnancies and reducing abortions, and the D.C. bill will help reduce D.C.s teen pregnancy rate, too.
House Republicans should drop their 2015 war on D.C.s women after we prevented them from blocking the D.C. law prohibiting District employers from interfering with the right to privacy of women and men to make whatever reproductive choices they prefer.
Congress should note that no groups spoke out against the D.C. bill in local hearings leading to its passage.
Congress should follow suit.
Meeting with My Congressional Latino Council to Discuss Needed Action to Continue Work on Unaccompanied Central American Children and Families in D.C.
Nearing the one-year anniversary of my meeting with my Congressional Latino Council (CLC) in the wake of thousands of unaccompanied minors from Central America arriving in the District, I met again with CLC and other Latino leaders to update needed actions and to compile recommendations for helping unaccompanied minors and families in the District.
D.C. has one of the largest Central American communities in the United States, and over 500 children have been released to sponsors in our city.
I want to ensure that these children and their families get what they need, such as health services through the Affordable Care Act or through the D.C. Alliance and free legal counsel.
My office will provide a full response to the challenges facing these families by July 1, so be sure to check back in.
doctype html
Congresswoman Nortons e-Newsletter
June 8, 2015
Event This Week: 2015 Small Business Fair, Wednesday, June 10
This Wednesday, June 10, 2015, we are hosting our annual Small Business Fair at the Walter E. Convention Center (801 Mt.
Vernon PL NW) for District of Columbia businesses and residents to learn everything they need to know about starting, developing and growing a small business here.
Throughout the day, there will be workshops providing guidance on writing a small business
plan, winning a federal contract, securing a D.C. contract, insuring a small business, securing tax credits that are available through the Affordable Care Act, understanding the E-Verify program, and many other services.
Participants will also receive one-on-one
advice and counseling from bank loan officers, government small business procurement specialists, and Small Business Administration specialists on a range of best business practices.
Fighting Back Against Reckless Cuts to Metro Safety Funding
Last week, the Republican House chose to cut $50 million from Americas subway and not fulfill the long-standing, 10-year
federal commitment that Congress made to implement critical safety improvements to Metro.
I am one of the leaders of a bipartisan, regional coalition of Members that
introduced an amendment to restore the full $150 million in annual funding for Metro .
I was on the House floor close to midnight to speak on our amendment to restore the funds.
We were able to get $25 million restored in the House appropriations bill
after Republicans originally cut the annual $150 million in half.
Although our amendment did not succeed, we are encouraged that the restoration of $25 million will give us momentum as we turn to the Senate to get the rest of the funding.
What Republicans fail to understand, or perhaps choose to ignore, is that Metro is necessary for the federal government
itself to function because its major riders are federal employees.
The federal funding provided to Metro is matched dollar for dollar by the District of Columbia, Maryland, and Virginia, and was authorized to improve Metro safety after nine District-area
residents lost their lives in the tragic 2009 Red Line crash.
Some of these funds will be used to replace cars from the 1970s with crash-worthy cars.
The federal funds, used only for capital improvements, are necessary to ensure that Metro is safe for riders
and workers.
Arguing My Amendment on the House Floor Against Late and Early Airplane Noise
Last week,
I offered an amendment on the House floor to prohibit
air transportation service between midnight and 6 a.m. at Ronald Reagan Washington National Airport (DCA) .
I introduced the amendment after holding a standing-room only May 5
community meeting on airplane noise with residents in the Palisades, Foxhall, Georgetown, Hillandale and other impacted neighborhoods in the District.
Residents gave witness to the exasperation of an entire communitys sleepless nights caused by the high
volume of early morning and late night flights.
Although my amendment failed, it is only one of the strategies I intend to use until residents get relief.
I am also seeking relief through the FAA reauthorization process and have already submitted this issue
as a priority to the Transportation and Infrastructure Committee and its Subcommittee on Aviation, both of which I serve on.
In addition, I am working with Senators Mark Warner (D-VA) and Tim Kaine (D-VA) and regional House Members to ensure that no additional
slots or perimeter exceptions are added at DCA.
And, of course, I am continuing to work with Metropolitan Washington Airports Authority, the Federal Aviation Administration, the Foxhall Civic Association, and residents on the communitys action items from
our community meeting to address airplane noise.
Meeting with NPS Officials to Get to the Bottom of Malfunctioning Washington Monument Elevator
After the National Park Service (NPS) announced that the Washington Monument elevator would be forced to close down for
a full week,
I reached out to NPS to schedule
a meeting to discuss the long-term condition of the elevator and what steps can be taken to reduce and eliminate breakdowns in the future .
Besides its value to residents and particularly
student groups, the Monument is a major tourist site linked closely to tourism revenue.
We cannot afford to have the citys most important elevator breaking down at the beginning of each tourist season, as it also did in 2014.
The elevator gets heavy use,
transporting 2,400 visitors over 13 hours each and every day.
Although NPS has told us that the problem is suspected to have been caused by power outages, I am asking NPS officials to look beyond the power outages, an obvious troubling factor, and propose
solutions for preventing further elevator malfunctions.
Getting Unconstitutional Racial Profiling Banned on Federal Roads and Highways
Last week,
the House passed my amendment to prohibit states that
receive federal transportation funding from engaging in unconstitutional profiling based on physical characteristics, such as race.
My amendment, which was also passed and was
enacted into law last year, will prevent profiling by law enforcement officialskeeping citizens from being stopped, investigated, arrested, or detained by law enforcement on federally funded highways, streets, or bridges based on their appearance.
I had
to get my racial profiling amendment passed again because it was attached to an annual appropriations bill.
By framing the basis for my amendment in the 14 th
Amendment, I was able to get the amendment passed unanimously.
I will continue fighting
for the amendment annually until I can get a permanent version.
Going to House Floor on My Amendment to Fully Fund Section 8 Housing Vouchers to Address Nations Affordable Housing
Crisis
Last
week, I introduced an amendment to fully fund existing Section 8 Housing Choice Vouchers
by replenishing 67,000 Section 8 Housing Choice vouchers, which were cut due to sequestration.
Congress is ignoring the affordable housing crisis and nowhere is it more apparent than in the District, where we have a severe shortage of rental units available to low and moderate-income residents, leaving thousands of families without options.
The demand
is so high in D.C. that the city has even closed its public housing waiting list, including its housing voucher list.
Affordable housing in D.C. has all but disappeared.
Families must make $28.25 per hour to afford a two-bedroom apartment, making the nations
capital one of the most expensive housing markets in the country.
Although my amendment was ultimately ruled out of order, I am going to keep fighting until Congress brings some relief to millions of families who are most in need.
Excited to Defend D.C. Bill to Expanding Access to Birth Control Pills from Congress
After
the District of Columbia Council took the important step of requiring health insurers that offer coverage of prescription birth control pills to cover a 12-month supply dispensed at one time ,
reports have already emerged of possible Republican efforts to block the bill.
Do not even try it.
Expanding access to birth control is critical to preventing unwanted pregnancies and reducing abortions, and the D.C. bill will help reduce D.C.s teen pregnancy
rate, too.
House Republicans should drop their 2015 war on D.C.s women after we prevented them from blocking the D.C. law prohibiting District employers from interfering with the right to privacy of women and men to make whatever reproductive choices they
prefer.
Congress should note that no groups spoke out against the D.C. bill in local hearings leading to its passage.
Congress should follow suit.
Meeting with My Congressional Latino Council to Discuss Needed Action to Continue Work on Unaccompanied Central American
Children and Families in D.C.
Nearing the one-year anniversary of my meeting with my Congressional Latino Council (CLC) in the wake of thousands of unaccompanied
minors from Central America arriving in the District,
I
met again with CLC and other Latino leaders to update needed actions and to compile recommendations for helping unaccompanied minors and families in the District.
D.C. has one
of the largest Central American communities in the United States, and over 500 children have been released to sponsors in our city.
I want to ensure that these children and their families get what they need, such as health services through the Affordable
Care Act or through the D.C. Alliance and free legal counsel.
My office will provide a full response to the challenges facing these families by July 1, so be sure to check back in.
Thanks for subscribing!
Follow Congresswoman Norton on
Facebook ,
Twitter ,
Instagram ,
YouTube , or her
website
for more updates.
Capitol Hill Office
2136 Rayburn HOB
Washington, D.C. 20515
Phone: (202) 225-8050
Fax: (202) 225-3002
S.E. District Office
2041 Martin Luther King Jr. Ave., S.E.
Washington, D.C. 20020
Phone: (202) 678-8900
Fax: (202) 678-8844
Main District Office
90 K Street, N.E., Suite 100
Washington DC 20001
Phone: (202) 408-9041
Fax: (202) 408-9048
To unsubscribe from our list, please click here .
