
Can't see the pictures? Select "Always display images" or
view this message in your browser .
Your Passwords Belong to You,
Not Your Employer
In recent years there have been news stories highlighting a disturbing increase in the number of employers asking prospective employees to hand over usernames and passwords to their personal accounts on sites like Facebook and Twitter. Some job applicants are even being asked during interviews to log into these websites allowing interviewers to browse applicants&rsquo; profile, acquaintances, and other information.
Have a great idea but can&rsquo;t afford a patent?
Filing a patent can be an expensive process and might seem out of reach for many Coloradans. In the 112th Congress, I supported the
America Invents Act
which took a big step in reforming the patent process and ensuring everyone has access to protecting intellectual property. Colorado is now home to a U.S. Patent and Trade Office and the
ProBoPat program
which connects lower income Colorado inventors with patent preparers for reduced or no fee.
Click here to learn more about how to apply.
Other potential employees are being asked as a condition of new or continued employment to provide passwords on job applications or to &ldquo;friend&rdquo; the employer so the employer can view applicants&rsquo; private information.
That&rsquo;s why I re-introduced
H.R. 2277, the
Password Protection Act of 2015
to prevent employers from requiring current and prospective employees to hand over their personal passwords as a condition of either keeping or getting a new job.
The bipartisan legislation would end this abuse by prohibiting employers from forcing employees into releasing their private online user information stored on the internet.
Forcing employees to turn over their personal information to employers opens the door for employers to act as imposters and assume the identity of an employee and continually access, monitor and even manipulate an employee's personal social activities and opinions.
Service Academy Nominations: Applications Due October 1
As a Member of Congress, I have the honor and privilege of nominating candidates to the United States Military service academies. For 2016 entry, applications for nomination are due to my office by October 1, 2015.
Candidates are evaluated using a competitive system that includes a personal interview and a review of candidate applications, essays, academic records, letters of recommendation, community involvement, and character and leadership experience. Nominations are made prior to January 31, 2016.
For information on eligibility requirements, the application procedure or selection process, please visit my
website
or call my office at (303) 274-7944.
Constituent Success Story: Sharon Edelen
Watch the Video!
At my last Government in the Grocery, Sharon stopped by to say thank you for the assistance we provided for her son, a student in Jefferson County. After asking for reasonable accommodations for standardized tests, Sharon felt like she wasn&rsquo;t getting anywhere. My staff stepped in helped facilitate the communication between Sharon and the district. Her son was allowed more flexibility for the tests and is now thriving at the School of Mines! Sharon, thanks for stopping by and congratulations to you and your son on all the success.
My office is here to help the hardworking people of the 7th Congressional District. We want to help you cut through red tape when dealing with a government agency or with any other issues you are facing. I&rsquo;m proud my office was able to help Sharon, and I look forward to helping you in the future. If you are having an issue with a federal agency, please call my office at 303-274-7944. My staff and I will always do our best to help.
Upcoming Events
Government in the Grocery
These one-on-one meetings provide constituents with a convenient way to meet with Ed and his staff about issues, concerns, and needs.
If you are interested in attending a Government in the Grocery, please check our
schedule of events
for dates, times and locations.
Telephone Town Halls
Telephone town halls are a great opportunity to talk about issues important to constituents in the 7th Congressional District.
A telephone town hall is a live conference call meeting you can participate in from your own home. If you are interested in participating,
sign up on my website
and check our
schedule of events
for upcoming Telephone Town Halls.
Helping Colorado&rsquo;s Small Businesses
Ed meets with small business leaders from the Arvada Chamber of Commerce
This month, the Arvada Chamber of Commerce and I held a roundtable discussion (pictured left) with local businesses to hear about the challenges and opportunities of doing business in the 7th Congressional District. We heard from small, medium and large-sized businesses and discussed issues ranging from the Affordable Care Act to the challenges around hiring skilled workers.
It&rsquo;s incredibly helpful to hear firsthand from businesses in the district about what they&rsquo;re experiencing in their day-to-day operations. Small businesses are the lifeline of our economy both in Colorado and across the country and we must make sure we are doing everything we can to support them. Today, more than half of Americans either own or work for a small business making these companies the foundation of America&rsquo;s economy.
If you run a small business in Colorado, I want to hear from you!
Share your story, and let me know how I can best represent you.
Connect With Me
Facebook
Twitter
YouTube
Unsubscribe
Washington DC Office
1410 Longworth House Office
Building
Washington, DC 20515
Phone: 202.225.2645
Fax: 202.225.5278
District Office
12600 West Colfax Avenue, Suite
B-400
Lakewood, CO 80215
Phone: 303.274.7944
Fax: 303.274.6455
Please do not reply to this email.
To contact me, please
click here
and let me know your thoughts on how I can better represent your beliefs and values in our nation's Capitol.
