
Friday June 5, 2015
SHARE ON:
Join me for a Job Fair
On Tuesday, June 9, I will be hosting a Job Fair in Jackson to help connect job seekers with employment opportunities. Employers from across Michigans 7th District will be on hand to accept resumes and talk about available job openings. More than 30 local employers are scheduled to attend the Job Fair, which will be held at the Commonwealth Commerce Center from 9am to noon. Creating long-term job growth in Michigan is my top priority in Congress and I hope this Job Fair will assist people in finding work.
Click here
for additional information.
Weekly Update :
Welcomed the
Mid-Michigan Honor Flight
to the WWII Memorial built in honor of their courageous service
Answered questions and gave an update on my work in Congress during a
coffee hour
with constituents at Morning Owl Coffee Corp. in Milan
Addressed the National Small Business Association about policies I support to help small business owners grow their company and create jobs for the community
Spoke on the House floor about my deep concern regarding the
growing heroin and opioid abuse
in Michigan and across the country
Questioned the Obama administration's
lack of transparency
and significant Freedom of Information Act (FOIA) backlog during an Oversight and Government Reform hearing
In the News:
Lansing State Journal op-ed |
Innocent until proven guilty? Not quite
WILX |
Honor Flight Takes Michigan Veterans To D.C. Memorial
WLNS |
Walberg Welcomes Mid-Michigan Honor Flight to WWII Memorial
Washtenaw Now |
Chelsea student appointed to Air Force Academy
Chelsea Update |
Walberg invites job seekers to attend large job fair in Jackson
Need to Know :
Please visit my
website
for a full record of my votes.
For even more information, please follow me on
Facebook ,
Twitter
and
Instagram .
NOTE: Please DO NOT respond to this email as this inbox is unattended. To contact my office please
click here
UPDATE SUBSCRIPTION OPTIONS
|
PRIVACY POLICY
|
CONTACT US
Click Here Click Here