 Mail
begin
If you are having trouble
viewing this message or would like to share it on a social network, you
can
view the message
online .
HOME
CONTACT US
CONSTITUENT
SERVICES
ISSUES AND LEGISLATION
May 17, 2015
Supporting Legislation To Strengthen Our National
Defense:
On Friday,
I voted to pass the
National Defense Authorization Act
for FY2016 . The
Houses passage of NDAA ensures our military is more agile, efficient,
and better prepared to defeat ISIL and future threats. I am pleased
that this legislation provides the necessary funding for new and
existing compensation programs which benefit troops and their families. I
was also glad to see the bill includes a positive step forward to better
protect victims and help put an end to the occurrence of military
sexual assault.
I was
also happy to see the House adopt an amendment to the NDAA that I
cosponsored to stop listing the Lesser Prairie Chicken under the Endangered
Species Act. Current rules unnecessarily restrict and hamper defense
operations on federal land.
Kansass proud military
tradition and its number of important installations
including Ft. Riley
benefit from huge training areas which have no encroachment issues and
are some of the largest and most cost-effective in the nation.
Preservation efforts should not come at the cost of our national defense
preparedness and this listing is nothing more than an overreach of the
Endangered Species Act.
I spoke on the House floor in support
of the amendment.
Click here to watch my
remarks .
Helping our Veterans Through The
NDAA:
As I heard all too often at
my
fourth Veterans Resource Fair last week , our veterans and our heroes
are still struggling to get the good paying jobs they deserve. The
unemployment rate for the overall civilian population may be going down,
but the unemployment rate for veterans is still well above the national
average. Thats simply unacceptable and something I am constantly
working to help fix.
The Houses NDAA legislation this week
includes provisions that will greatly benefit our soldiers in order
toprepare for their post military career. This means necessary, new
initiatives for job training and post-service placement for our troops to
help ensure our veterans will have the opportunity to secure a good
paying job.
I spoke at the Republican House Leadership press
conference on Wednesday about
the importance of
passing NDAA for our veterans . To watch,
click
here .
Ensuring Congress Can Stop A Bad Deal With
Iran:
Iran must not be allowed to obtain or develop
nuclear weapons and this weeks vote
ensures that Congress
has the authority to review and stop any potential nuclear deal
negotiated with Iran .
This bill was far from perfect, but
was a necessary step to allow Congress the chance to stop a bad deal
with Iran. It is my hope that President Obama will now listen to what has
been consistently said by the American people and craft a deal that
recognizes the grave dangers posed by Iran.
Stopping
the EPAs Power Grab:
Im proud to stand up for
the rights of individuals, farmers and ranchers, home owners and family
businesses against yet more government overreach from the
EPA.
The House this week
passed the
Regulatory
Integrity Protection Act
to prevent the EPA from implementing
their power grab and adding tens of thousands of private bodies of
water around the country to the public domain. The Houses actions will
protect Kansans and Americans against further unnecessary, inefficient
federal regulation.
Protecting A Historical Site In
Fort Scott:
This week,
I
introduced legislation to authorize the transfer of the Fort Scott Civil War
block house known as Lunette Blair to the Park Service ,
preserving a treasured historical building. Preserving important pieces of our
history in Kansas and our nation is essential as we pass down our
values to future generations.
Since its construction in 1863,
the block house, which is the sole remaining structure of four original
fortifications, has been a landmark of the community of Fort Scott
and a reminder of Kansass role in preserving the Union. I definitely
feel honored to help these local organizations transfer this historic
building to the Park Service at the Fort Scott National Historic
Site.
Speaking At The Eisenhower
Series:
I was honored to speak at the Eisenhower Series this week.
The Series works to train and prepare young women for roles as future
leaders and I am always inspired by the passion and dedication all the
participants exhibit. Thank you to Series for inviting me!
Talking to
USAID:
As the co-chair of the House Hunger Caucus I
had the opportunity to speak to an agriculture policy class for USAID
workers. The participants in the class represented over 20 countries
across the world, including a K-State grad!
I shared how my
mentor, Senator Bob Dole, led the charge to help end hunger and now it
is our responsibility to carry that torch. The mission of feeding
children who are suffering in America and across the world shouldn't be a
partisan issue. It is an issue we need to educate each other about
and find new ways to help those in need.
Meeting With The Founder Of Falling
Forward:
It was inspiring to meet with Sam Porritt
this week, the founder of Falling Forward in Lawrence. Sam set up his
foundation to help patients prevented from getting the therapy they
need due to therapy caps, and is doing incredible good across
Kansas.
Chatting With DaVita Dialysis:
I
really enjoyed talking with folks from DaVita Dialysis on Thursday and
hearing about some of the priorities and concerns they have for the
future.
Discussing Ideas With The Kansas Association Of
Realtors:
It was interesting to meet with the Kansas
Association of Realtors and talk about some of their ongoing concerns. Its
always great to see such a large group of Kansans in DC!
Open Office Hours On May 27 th :
On May
27 th , Im hosting open office hours at my Topeka office from
10-11 AM. This is an opportunity for me to talk one-on-one with folks
from around Eastern Kansas so if you want to arrange an appointment
please get in touch with my office at 202-225-6601. Meetings are open to
any 2 nd
district resident and are arranged on a first
come, first served basis.
Washington, DC Office
1526 Longworth HOB
Washington, D.C. 20515
Phone: (202) 225-6601
Fax: (202)
225-7986
Pittsburg Office
1001 N. Broadway Street #C
Pittsburg, KS 66762
Phone: (620) 231-LYNN (5966)
Fax: (620)
231-5972
Topeka Office
3550 SW 5th Street
Topeka, KS 66606
Phone:
(785) 234-LYNN (5966)
Fax: (785)
234-5967
Independence Office
120 N. 6th
Street
Independence, KS
67301
Phone: (620) 231-LYNN (5966)
Fax: (620) 231-5972
Unsubscribe
|
Update My Profile
|
Privacy Policy
gateway mail end
