
STAY CONNECTED
EMAIL RUBEN
SUBSCRIBE
Dear Friend,
I continue working in Washington for policies that will expand opportunities for you and your family. Since I last emailed you, I&rsquo;ve been outspoken in my support for
debt-free college
&ndash; because young people should not have to choose between higher education and the ability to one day purchase a home or start a family. Instead of stacking the deck against young people, we should look for ways to increase access to opportunities for the next generation of Americans and leave them in a better place than we are. We need to
drive down the cost of education and reduce the student loan burden
on those who already graduated. It is the only way we&rsquo;ll be able to fulfill our promise and ensure our economy and our future remain strong.
Rep. Gallego discusses debt-free college proposal
Just last week I introduced and passed (see photo below) an
amendment
that prevents the Federal Aviation Administration (FAA) from moving forward with redesigning the regional airspace while the serious noise issues resulting from last September&rsquo;s changes to the flight paths at Phoenix Sky Harbor International Airport (PHX) remain unresolved. This amendment will ensure the FAA cannot proceed without fixing the noise disruption and it will set a precedent regarding aircraft noise and its impact on local communities as the NextGen program moves forward across the nation. While this doesn&rsquo;t give you back your peace and quiet, it ensures that the FAA suffers the consequences of the lack of action and willingness to fix this problem.
In the past month I fought to get a
3% pay raise
for our men and women in uniform, and to guarantee that our military would get paid in the case of a government shutdown. I co-sponsored an amendment by Rep. John Conyers to increase the USO funds by 50%, because USO provides critical services for our men and women in uniform. I also passed an amendment to the National Defense Authorization Act (NDAA) through the House Armed Services Committee that expressed Congress&rsquo; bipartisan support for the Department of Defense to look into allowing
DREAMers to serve in the military , and I fought back against every attempt to gut it from the NDAA (see photo below) &ndash; because it is in the vital interest of our national security and our country to recruit the very best, and these patriotic and talented individuals who want to serve should have the opportunity to do so. Despite our best attempts, unfortunately the proposal to give our troops a raise, and the military DREAMer amendment to the NDAA didn't have enough support to pass, but I will keep looking for ways to get them done and address these issues.
Although Red tape and bureaucracy can slow down responses from Federal Agencies, my district office is working diligently to serve you. Each circumstance is unique and my team feels privileged to provide assistance. Last month we helped reunite Sgt. Burke, an active duty soldier with his stepson from another country (see photo below) &ndash; because keeping families together is of vital importance to us. We obtained refunds from Social Security for wrongful deductions of Medicare premiums and we advocated for Dulce - a DACA recipient whose immigrant visa interview had been incorrectly denied &ndash; and she was able to re-enter the country to rejoin her mother Carmen and the rest of her family (see photo below).
We will continue working hard on your behalf and advocating for reforms that would benefit you. If you are preparing to enjoy the summer vacation in our nation&rsquo;s capital please be sure to use our
online system
to request Capitol tours.
White House Tours are in high demand and making the request two months in advance provides the best opportunity for obtaining that tour.
Please don&rsquo;t hesitate to contact my office for assistance or attend our mobile office hours in the location most convenient to you - Guadalupe, Tolleson, West Phoenix, South Phoenix, Glendale and Laveen:
Guadalupe Senior Center: 1 st
Tuesday of the month; 9-11:00 a.m.
9401 South Avenida del Yaqui, Guadalupe, AZ
Tolleson Senior Center: 1 st
Thursday of the month; 9-11:00 a.m. 9555 West Van Buren, Tolleson, AZ
Laveen Chavez Library: 3 rd
Thursday of the month; 3-5 p.m. 3635 West Baseline Rd., Phoenix, AZ
West Phoenix/CPLC Maryvale Community Center: 3 rd
Thursday of the month &ndash; 2-5 p.m. 6850 West Indian School Rd., Phoenix, AZ
I am honored to represent you in Congress. My staff and I are here to serve you.
Very truly yours.
Ruben Gallego
Member of Congress
Privacy Policy
|
Unsubscribe
