
Web Site
|
About Tom
|
Issues
|
Serving You
|
Media
|
Contact
Wishing all fathers a Happy Father's Day! I hope you enjoy your weekends with your family and loved ones. _______
Reed Sponsors Bill to Put Southern Tier Back to Work, Save Taxpayer Dollars
This week, I introduced legislation which would help many job seekers find employment by permanently extending the Work Opportunity Tax Credit (WOTC). The tax credit is designed to encourage businesses to employ groups of people that are currently using government assistance programs, veterans and those with disabilities, as well as those that have consistently faced barriers to entering the workforce.
I care about those in our local communities who are struggling to find employment and it is only fair that we ensure those that want to work have the opportunity to do so. We have the best workforce in the world, with a work ethic that is second to none. Permanently extending the WOTC will ensure that more employers are able to hire eligible individuals, as the tax credit offsets the extra costs of hiring and training.
It is estimated that New York State could save over $175 million annually from spending reductions and matching costs from WOTC, nearly twice the annual cost of the program.
Senate Committee Holds Hearing on Reed Resolution
Earlier
this year, I introduced a House Resolution aiming to establish a
National Strategic Agenda.
House Resolution 207
calls for Congress to
focus on job creation, a balanced budget, energy security and funding
Social Security.
I was
pleased to see that earlier this week, the United States Senate
Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs held a public
hearing on the Senate companion legislation to my resolution.
Washington
often loses sight of what matters most to the American people, and this
initiative helps take the politics out of governing, by ensuring
Congress focuses on four basic priorities that most Americans can agree
on. The resolution also encourages Congress to develop a common sense,
comprehensive plan to achieve each of these goals in order to move the
country forward.
The
National Strategic Agenda directs Congress to focus on four main goals,
which include creating 25 million new jobs over the next 10 years,
balancing the federal budget by 2030, securing Medicare and Social
Security for the next 75 years, and making the United States energy
independent by 2024.
ICYMI: Reed Delivers Remarks at Property Rights Conference
Next week marks the 10th anniversary of the decision in the
Kelo v. City of New London
Supreme Court case. This decision vastly expanded the traditional powers of eminent domain. According
to the decision, all levels of government are authorized to take
private property from citizens for the purpose of private economic
development, if it is deemed beneficial for the community at large.
I was honored to be the Keynote Speaker at the Cato Institute Property Rights Conference last week. This conference focused on the
Kelo
court decision and the effects that government regulations have had on Americans across the nation.
We are witnessing a pattern of consistent overreach from the federal government. It is unfair to property owners who are, day after day, having more of their property rights stripped or affected by government regulations. We must ensure that before decisions are made by any level of government that the effects on individuals are fully considered.
To watch my remarks at last week's conference, click
here .
Reed Hosts Town Hall Meetings in Finger Lakes Region
I want to thank everyone who participated in my most recent town halls in Ithaca, Geneva, and Jerusalem. Your input is important to me. I believe that the real solutions come from moms and dads, small business owners and entrepreneurs- not bureaucrats in Washington.
Thank you for participating and I look forward to hearing more input from across the district as we continue our mission to take better care of the places we call home.
Pictured above: Congressman Reed at Saturday's town hall at Cornell University in Ithaca.
____
Lastly, my thoughts and prays are with all those affected by the tragic events that occurred in Charleston, South Carolina earlier this week. ____
Thank you for subscribing to my e-newsletter. Please stay in touch and share your views by calling one of my offices or visiting my
website . Additionally, I encourage you to visit my
Facebook
page or follow me on
Twitter
where we can continue our conversation.
OFFICE LOCATIONS
Washington, DC 2437 Rayburn HOB
Washington, DC 20515
(202) 225-3161
Corning
89 W. Market St
Corning, NY 14830
(607) 654-7566
Olean
One Bluebird Square
Olean, NY 14760
(716)379-8434
Geneva
433 Exchange St
Geneva, NY 14456
(315)759-5229
Jamestown
2 East 2nd St Suite 300
Jamestown, NY 14701
(716) 708-6369
Ithaca
401 E. State St. Suite 304-1
Ithaca, NY 14850
(607) 222-2027
Privacy Policy
Unsubscribe
