
Dear Friend,
On May 18th, 1965 President Lyndon B. Johnson announced Project Head Start, part of his War on Poverty. On that historic day he made a commitment to open a window of opportunity for our nation's most at-risk children and their families.
What you may not know is that Congressman Sam Gibbons, who represented Tampa Bay for more than 30 years, 1962-1997, handled the war on poverty legislation for President Johnson and he made sure that those initial programs like Head Start and others were started in our own backyard. Delia Sanchez, a local social worker and educator, was also instrumental in launching Head Start in Tampa.
Fifty years later,
Head Start
is one of America's most important early childhood education programs that serves nearly 1 million throughout the country, 37,000 in Florida and more than 5,000 in Tampa Bay.
Head Start is a smart investment in education. Children do not choose to come from extreme poverty or with disabilities and Head Starts focus on parent engagement and its localized, intensive program works to get these children ready for kindergarten in every aspect so they earn an early opportunity to succeed.
Head Start parents and children faced uncertainty over the past few years as the program fell victim to the nonsensical sequester
or across-the-board cuts
forced by Republicans in Congress. But in Tampa Bay and across the nation,
teachers and parents joined me
in denouncing these cuts. Last year I was proud to announce that
a bipartisan bill in Congress restored funding for Head Start and put the program back on track .
On todays 50 th
anniversary of Head Start, I urge Tampa Bay and Florida to renew its commitment to children and families. I have proudly championed Head Start and other early childhood initiatives during my service in Congress and will continue to do so.
Sincerely,
Kathy Castor
P.S.
Remember to
follow me on Twitter
for more pictures and information about issues important to our community. It is also an easy way to let me know what is on your mind.
To unsubscribe, please visit my
web site
.
Click Here
to view this email in your browser
Click Here
to be removed from this list