
If you are having trouble viewing this message or would like
to share it on a social network, you can
view the message online .
HOME
ABOUT ME
THE 31ST DISTRICT
HOW CAN I HELP YOU?
ISSUES &amp;
LEGISLATION
NEWSROOM
CONTACT
May 07, 2015
FOX News Interview: My Fight for the Purple
Heart
Congressman John Carter stressing the importance for the
victims of the 2009 Fort Hood terrorist attack to recieve Purple Heart
and Defense of Freedom Medals.
Click the picture to
read more.
April 10, 2015, the victims of the 2009 Fort Hood
terrorist attack finally recieved their Purple Heart and Defense of
Freedom Medals.
Click here to read
more.
Senator Cornyn, Senator Cruz, Governor Abbott, Congressman Carter and
Congressman Williams spoke to the press about the Purple Heart Ceremony
that took place on April 10, 2015.
Click the picture to watch the press
conference.
I was privileged to meet Ukrainian
President Petro Poroshenko (6th from the left). My prayers are with him
and the Ukrainian people. Thank you to Rep. Rodney Frelinghuysen
(R-NJ11) for organizing this important fact-finding
mission.
Congressman Carter with the 2015 Congressional Art Competition
winner, Laura Vitolina.
Every spring, the U.S. House of Representatives hosts the Annual
Congressional Art Competition,
An Artistic Discovery , a nationwide
event allowing high school students from every Congressional District
in the United States to showcase their best artistic ability. This
year over 100 students from all across Texas District 31 entered the
competition.
Click here to read more on the TX31 Competition.
~Catching Up With Carter~
My Trip to
Ukraine
In 1979, the term
"malaise" was frequently associated with President Jimmy Carter's presidency.
Thirty-six years later, "leading from behind" is, in my opinion, the
phrase associated with the Obama administration's foreign policy
doctrine. Leading from behind is not a principle we should be using to
govern. In March, I took a congressional fact-finding mission abroad where
I was able to see first hand what was happening in Ukraine, Cyprus,
the demilitarized Sinai area between Israel and Egypt and London.
Ukraine was a major focus of my trip because I don't think we truely
understood the full extent and seriousness of the situation. Putin, Russia's
President, is close to taking over Ukraine and potentially the Baltic
Sea nations with the ultimate goal being to re-establish an empire
mirroring that of the Soviet Union. Putin has grown bold and brave
because, in my opinion, he perceives Obama as being weak. Whether we like it
or not, we have to be the strongest. This leading from the sidelines:
nobody knows where you are, your friends or your adversaries.
Click the title to read more.
Victory for the 2009 Fort Hood Victims
As the representative for the "Great Place,' my fight has always
been for the soldiers and their families. I am incredibly honored to
have fought on behalf of the victims of the 2009 Fort Hood Terrorist
Attack so that they would be able to receive Purple Heart and Defense of
Freedom medals for the sacrifice these brave men and women made to
bravely serve our country. Sen. Cornyn, Sen. Cruz, Rep. Williams and I
secured language in the 2015 National Defense Authorization Act (NDAA)
that adjusted the Purple Heart criteria so that service members and
civilians who experienced an attack inspired by terrorism can receive
the appropriate awards and recognition. It has been a long, hard fight
but after five years the victims were finally able to get the
recognition and full benefits they deserve. While we can never undo the events
of that day, we can properly honor the courageous patriots who protect
our nation.
I am thankful to the victims for never giving up,
for their commitment to this great country and for their
sacrifices.
Click the title to read
more.
Share on Digg Share
on Facebook Share on
LinkedIn Share on MySpace Share on Twitter
Washington D.C. Office
2110 Rayburn House Office Building
Washington, D.C. 20515
Phone: (202)
2253864
Round Rock District Office
One Financial
Centre
1717 North IH 35, Suite 303
Round Rock, TX 78664
Phone: (512)
2461600
Bell County Office
6544B S. General Bruce Drive
Temple, TX
76502
Located next to the DPS office
Phone: (254) 9331392
Unsubscribe
|
Update My
Profile
|
Privacy Policy
gateway mail end 