
May Newsletter
May 27, 2015 -
I&rsquo;d like to share with you some of what I&rsquo;ve been working on in Tennessee and Washington this past month:
Passing a balanced budget
On May 5, I voted for the 2016 fiscal year budget because it is a long overdue starting point to help bring the federal government&rsquo;s $18 trillion debt under control. Passing a balanced budget is a good first step, but we still have more work to do. The federal debt is not the result of overspending on the military, highways or cancer research. We must continue to fund these priorities and pass a plan like the Fiscal Sustainability Act Sen. Corker and I introduced last Congress to slow the growth of entitlement spending by nearly $1 trillion over 10 years. View more information
here .
On May 23, I had the privilege to play a &ldquo;Memphis Medley&rdquo; at the 39 th
and final Sunset Symphony at the Memphis in May festival. Click
here
to read an op-ed on my experiences playing in Memphis over the years.
Working to find a Permanent Solution to keep Tennessee&rsquo;s fish hatcheries open
This month, I traveled to Erwin, Tenn. to announce an agreement that is a permanent solution to keep the Erwin National Fish Hatchery in Erwin and the Dale Hollow National Fish Hatchery in Celina open beyond 2016. TVA will support the hatcheries in the same way that the Army Corps of Engineers does when it replaces fish killed by dams on the Cumberland River and the same way the Bonneville Power Administration supports replacing fish on the Columbia and Snake Rivers. Nearly 900,000 Tennesseans and visitors buy fishing and hunting licenses each year, and this agreement means that the federal fish hatcheries in Erwin, Dale Hollow and Georgia will continue to provide the more than 1 million fish each year that make our trout fishing some of the best in the country. View my op-ed on the importance of this announcement
here.
Hosting a roundtable to discuss TVA trends on debt and cost of power
This month, Sen. Corker and I hosted a roundtable at the University of Tennessee&rsquo;s Howard H. Baker, Jr. Center for Public Policy in Knoxville to discuss where TVA will get its power over the next 10 years and beyond, and how much it will cost ratepayers. I asked TVA CEO Bill Johnson why the utility would consider relying on more unreliable, high-cost renewable power. The goal is not more windmills. The TVA Act says that the goal is low-cost electricity, and if we want more good jobs and higher family incomes, TVA should stick to its mission of low rates and not be tempted to pursue the energy fad of the moment. To read more information on the roundtable, click
here .
On May 18, Sen. Corker and I hosted the TVA roundtable with panelists Bill Johnson, President and CEO of TVA, Wayne Henson, chairman of the Tennessee Valley Public Power Association&rsquo;s board of directors and Lloyd Webb, strategic planning chairman of the Tennessee Valley Industrial Committee&rsquo;s board of directors.
Supporting energy research, waterways and national security
Governing is about setting priorities, and this month I helped move forward bipartisan legislation that supports energy research, waterways and our national security.
The Energy and Water appropriations bill was approved by the Appropriations Subcommittee on Energy &amp; Water Development, which I chair, on May 19, and the full Appropriations Committee on May 21. Because of this legislation, we are one step closer to doubling basic energy research &ndash; which supports facilities in Oak Ridge &ndash; removing major obstacles to nuclear power, cleaning up hazardous materials at Cold War facilities and solving critical problems facing Tennessee and our country. This includes providing funding that would allow construction of Chickamauga Lock to restart in 2016. Read more about the appropriations bill
here .
During the bill&rsquo;s consideration by the Appropriations Committee, I also discussed the true driver of Washington&rsquo;s spending problem: out-of-control, mandatory entitlement spending.
Protecting Tennessee&rsquo;s right-to-work law so Tennesseans don&rsquo;t have to pay union fees if they don&rsquo;t want to
In an appropriations subcommittee hearing on labor, I questioned National Labor Relations Board Chairman Mark Pearce on the board&rsquo;s recent request for legal briefs on whether employees in right-to-work states should be forced to pay union fees. I&rsquo;m very concerned this request would undermine our state&rsquo;s right-to-work law, and I cannot think of anything more damaging to middle-income Tennesseans. I&rsquo;ve seen over the last 30 years how our right-to-work law has helped attract the auto industry and other competitive industries and create good jobs. Click
here
for more information.
Helping colleges share in the risk of student loan defaults
This month, I held a hearing to examine whether colleges and universities should have &ldquo;skin in the game&rdquo; on student borrowing so that colleges and universities have some responsibility to, or vested interest in, encouraging students to borrow wisely, graduate on time, and be able to repay what they&rsquo;ve been loaned. If colleges and universities have this incentive, it may not only help students make wiser decisions about borrowing, it could also encourage colleges to be more efficient with costs so tuition rises more slowly &ndash; thereby reducing student debt. Colleges are already trying out new ways to help students graduate sooner &ndash;the University of Tennessee now requires all students to pay for taking 15 hours a semester, instead of the minimum 12 hours per semester required to receive federal aid, which means students are finishing college faster with less debt.
Read more
here.
I also thought you might be interested in the following articles:
Chattanooga Times Free Press: Lamar Alexander urges less wind power in TVA&rsquo;s future plans
Johnson City Press: TVA, feds sign agreement to keep Erwin Fish Hatchery open 3 years
Maryville Daily Times: EPA commits to quick review of Blount&rsquo;s clean air attainment application
Citizen Tribune: Alexander addresses WSCC grads
Follow Sen. Alexander in real time:
Official Website
|
About Alexander
|
Press Releases
|
Contact Me
|
Privacy Policy
|
Unsubscribe
