
Mail begin
If you are having
trouble viewing this message or would like to share it on a social
network, you can
view the
message online .
HOME
CONTACT
US
CONSTITUENT SERVICES
ISSUES AND LEGISLATION
May 31, 2015
Colmery-ONeil VA Hospital :
Last
week, I received a letter from the VA Heartland Director, which stated
that we anticipate the temporary pause on the Emergency Department
to be removed by the end of May. It has now been nearly
two years since I first heard of problems at the Colmery-O'Neil
VA Hospital , and more than 15 months since the Emergency Room
closed due to staffing problems. In that time, I have been workinghard on
resolving the situation. After receiving the letter, Senator Jerry
Moran and I visited with leaders at Colmery-ONeil on Tuesday to receive
afirsthand update on thecurrent situation. Local officials informed us
that the hospital emergency room is in fact waiting to reopen, pending
final approval from the VA in Washington. Kansas veterans deserve the
best and most timely care possible, so it is my hope the emergency
room will finally reopen within the next few days.
To watch
WIBWs coverage of the situation,
click
here .
Honoring Senator Bob Dole:
It was an honor to
attend the Senator Bob Dole Room Dedication Ceremony at the Combat Air
Museum on Thursday. There is noone more deserving of this honor than
Senator Dole. He has always been one of Kansas best, and it is a
privilege to have the chance to call him my mentor and my friend. Renaming
the education center at the Air Museum after Senator Dole is a fitting
and lasting tribute to an outstanding lifetime that has truly made a
difference in our country.
I also had a great time touring the Mars plant in
Topeka with Senator Dole and Senator Pat Roberts earlier this week. As
many of you know, M&amp;Ms have always been my personal favorite, and
knowing that they are bringing jobs to Kansas makes it even
sweeter!
Breaking Ground For NBAF:
I am proud to have
attended the groundbreaking ceremony for NBAF this past Wednesday - a state
of the art facility to protect our food source right here at home. As a
country girl myself, feeding the world is something I am committed
to, and this facility will help ensure our safety. Thank you to all the
incredible people who worked to so hard to bring this facility to
Kansas and to make the groundbreaking a reality.
Celebrating National 529
Day:
This Friday marked National 529 College Savings Day, a day
specifically designated to increase awareness of 529 plans. These
529 funds are an issue near and dear to my heart .
In January, the President threatened to tax 529 plans, seeking to pay
for another one of his pet projects. Instead the House of
Representatives rallied around my bill, H.R. 529, and
quickly and
overwhelmingly passed the legislation with over 400
votes .
We need college savings vehicles like 529 plans. Students from
all over the country struggle with spiraling tuition costs and we must
do everything we can to encourage families to plan ahead and save for
their childrens future. I am proud to have celebrated 529 Day as a
champion of this important college savings tool, and I encourage the
Senate to quickly pass this legislation so that we can start giving more
help to hardworking families.
The EPAs Latest Power
Grab:
This week, President Obamas administration
announced they are moving forward with the final rule to expand the
designation of waters that will be subject to regulations under the Clean
Water Act, known
as Waters of the United States .
This comes after, just weeks ago,
the House of
Representatives passed H.R. 1732 , a bipartisan bill that specifically
sought to block the Administration's rule change.
Instead of
listening to the American people, the administration not only ignored
them, but did the exact opposite by again pursuing their
priorities instead of the priorities of ordinary Americans. The rule change
announced this week would unnecessarily add thousands of private bodies
of water to the definition of what the government can regulate. Rest
assured, this is not the end, and I will continue to fight for the
rights of individuals, farmers, ranchers, home owners and family
businesses, and against the Presidents overreach and massive expansion of the
federal governments authority.
Halting President
Obamas Immigration Actions:
I was pleased to see
the 5th Circuit Court of Appeals uphold an injunction this week
prohibiting implementation of President Obamas executive overreach on
immigration. This is the second major ruling to have gone against this
administration, and the Appeals Court in Texas stated that it was in the
publics interest to maintain the injunction. The President cannot
unilaterally change immigration policy and this ruling is another sign that
the court of law agrees with that statement.
Click here
to read more coverage about the ruling, and whats
this means for the Presidents immigration
actions.
Coffees With Your Congresswoman Around Eastern
Kansas:
I had a great time traveling around Eastern Kansas throughout
the week as part of my Coffee with your Congresswoman tour and chatting
with folks about their issues and their priorities. We talked about
everything from tax reform and the budget process to the Lesser Prairie
Chicken. Thanks to all the great people who came out in Paolo,
Ottawa, Osage City and Leavenworth to talk and share their thoughts!
Washington, DC Office
1526 Longworth HOB
Washington,
D.C. 20515
Phone: (202)
225-6601
Fax: (202) 225-7986
Pittsburg Office
1001 N.
Broadway Street #C
Pittsburg, KS
66762
Phone: (620) 231-LYNN
(5966)
Fax: (620) 231-5972
Topeka Office
3550 SW 5th Street
Topeka, KS
66606
Phone: (785) 234-LYNN (5966)
Fax: (785) 234-5967
Independence
Office
120 N. 6th Street
Independence, KS 67301
Phone: (620) 231-LYNN (5966)
Fax: (620) 231-5972
Unsubscribe
|
Update My
Profile
|
Privacy Policy
