
District Update | May 26, 2015
Click here
if you have trouble viewing this email
On The Run Down with Jose Diaz-Balart
Congressman Vela discusses with Jose Diaz-Balart issues affecting the 34th District of Texas
Recently, I appeared on
The Rundown with Jose Diaz Balart
to bring attention to the violence in Mexico and the necessity to return stability, security and peace to cities in the Mexican states affected by drug violence. Part of the stabilization process of our shared border is the establishment of Special Secure Economic Zones on the Mexican side of the border. This would increase trade between our two nations and help achieve our regional desire of prosperity. I invite you to take a moment to watch the interview, and share with family and friends.To watch the interview,
c lick here .
Vela, Brownsville Mayor and
Acting Ambassador From Mexico Meet
Congressman Vela, Brownsville Mayor Tony Martinez and Acting Mexican Ambassador Alejandro Estivill take a photo after a meeting in Washington, D.C.
A few weeks ago, I met with the Mayor of Brownsville Tony Martinez and the Acting Mexican Ambassador to the United States Alejandro Estivill to discuss U.S.-Mexico priorities. During the meeting, the three of us spoke about Special Secure Economic Zones on the U.S.-Mexico border, the timeframe for completion of the West Rail project, and reopening the dialogue on the proposed Weir Dam on our southern border.
Establishment of Special Secure Economic Zones on the U.S.-Mexico border, similar to those proposed for southern Mexican states by President Enrique Pea Nieto in late 2014, would help address illegal immigration and stability concerns by focusing on job creation and economic development in the region.
The groundwork for Special Secure Economic Zones in Mexicos northern border region has been laid with the BiNational Economic Development program, also known as BiNED. This development plan, with funding from the U.S. Department of Commerces Economic Development Administration, encompasses the region of the Rio Grande Valley from Brownsville to McAllen and the northern region of Tamaulipas from Matamoros to Reynosa.
Our meeting with Ambassador Estivill represents a positive step forward in U.S.-Mexico relations.
I remain committed to supporting and working with the Mexican government to return peace to Mexico, especially the state of Tamaulipas through the eradication of drug violence, organized criminal elements and drug traffickers. This remains a top priority for me, my constituents and those who live and work on the U.S.-Mexico border.
To read more,
click here .
Filemon B. Vela Middle School Celebrates Milestone Anniversary
Congressman Vela speaks at a ceremony honoring
Filemon B. Vela Middle School
On May 2, local community leaders in Brownsville, faculty, staff, parents and students came together at Filemon B. Vela Middle School to celebrate its 25th anniversary.
The celebration was one of a kind. Current and former teachers, principals and students attended the event which honored my father's work and legacy to make education available for all.
During the celebration, I presented faculty and support personnel certificates for their 23 years of service to Filemon B. Vela Middle School and personally thanked them for making educational opportunities available to thousands of students from the city's northwest side.
Thanks to all who have played a part making Vela Middle School a shinning star. Your dedication and hard work has paid off and you continue to set the example for many other schools to follow.
To see photos from the ceremony,
click here.
Promoting Educational Opportunities in Raymondville, Texas
Congressman Vela speaks about the service academy nomination
process with students from Raymondville High School.
On Monday, May 11, I traveled to Raymondville, Texas, where I spoke to two groups of 11th grade students from Raymondville High School.
As part of my push to get more students from the 34th District of Texas appointed to U.S. Service Academies in the United States, I took a representative from the Air Force Academy who spoke to students about education and career opportunities through the Air Force.
The students were captivated and I could tell many of them were interested in the opportunity to serve our nation as a commissioned officer.
Following in my father's footsteps of making education a priority for all, I work hard to remind young people that an education is key to success in life and that there are many paths to higher education, such as scholarships or the military.
I'll continue to visit schools in South Texas to spread the positive message of higher education. Thank you, Principal Johnny Pineda and staff for hosting us at Raymondville ISD.
DISTRICT NEWS
Vela hosts Service Academy Day for high school students
Goliad celebrated for its historical roots to Cinco de Mayo
Vela provides Congressional Update to community leaders in San Benito, Texas
RIVERA HS 6A BOYS SOCCER TEAM BRINGS HOME CHAMPIONSHIP
During a community celebration, Brownsville Mayor Tony Martinez presented the Rivera High School Soccer team Congressional Certificates of Recognition and a statement I entered into the Congressional Record honoring their historic and undefeated championship season .
To read the Congressional Record,
Click here
"EAGLES ARE MEANT TO FLY"
An inspirational speech given by my
father, Judge Filemon B. Vela, to students on how education and dedication led to his success.
I invite you to watch by clicking below.
MEETING WITH CONSTITUENTS
I thank everyone who took the time to meet with me and for allowing me the honor of being thier U.S. Representative.
Vela is presented an award for his support of community health centers
Texas realtors stop by to discuss home ownership and real estate issues
An Air Force officer speaks to Congressman Vela and staff at
Service Academy Day
FOCUS ON THE DISTRICT
34th District
Help with a Federal Agency
Request a Flag
Tour Requests
Forward to a Friend
|
Share on Facebook
|
Share on Twitter
|
Permalink
Washington, DC Office
437 Cannon HOB
Washington, DC 20515
Phone: (202) 225-9901
Fax: (202) 225-9770
Alice Office
500 East Main Street
Alice, TX 78332
Phone: (956) 544-8352
Brownsville Office
333 Ebony Avenue
Brownsville, TX 78520
Phone: (956) 544-8352
Fax: (956) 280-5114
San Benito Office
1390 W. Expressway 83
San Benito, TX 78586
Phone: (956) 276-4497
Fax: (956) 276-4603
Weslaco Office
500 South Kansas Avenue
Weslaco, Texas 78596
Phone: (956) 520-8273
Fax: (956) 520-8277
UPDATE SUBSCRIPTION OPTIONS
|
PRIVACY POLICY
|
CONTACT US
Click Here Click Here