
Miller Newsletter
May 10, 2015
In the News
70th Anniversary of Victory in Europe
After the suicide of Adolf Hitler on April 30, 1945, and with the Nazis on the run, Germany declared total surrender to Allied forces May 8, 1945. Last week, as our Nation marked the 70th Anniversary of Victory in Europe (V-E) Day, we remembered the sacrifice of more than 183,000 American troops who died in the great campaign to secure freedom in the European Theater during World War II.
The steadfast dedication, grit, ingenuity, and fighting spirit of Americans ended the ethnic cleansing of Jews and millions of others across Europe, and harkened in a brighter future for Europeans under the promise of life and liberty.
Today, our technology is more advanced, our weapons are deadlier, and warfare proves more complex.
However, the selfless determination and fighting spirit of the modern American warrior carries the torch of the profound legacy established by The Greatest Generation.
On behalf of a grateful Nation, I humbly salute and thank all of our veterans for paving the way for the freedom and liberty still enjoyed today across the globe, as we join in solemn celebration of that fateful day 70 years ago.
To mark the 70th anniversary, an armada featuring nineteen different World War II era plane platforms participated in the Arsenal of Democracy Flyover on the National Mall.
The flyover was a fitting tribute to the heroes of The Greatest Generation who fought so valiantly to protect our Nation and uphold democracy across the globe.
To view the Arsenal of Democracy Flyover, click on the image below.
To view the Arsenal of Democracy Flyover, click on the image above.
64th Annual National Day of Prayer
Prayer has been at the heart of our Nation since its founding. George Washington was the first president to call the Nation to a day of prayer, writing, It is the duty of all nations to acknowledge the providence of Almighty God, to obey his will, to be grateful for his benefits, and humbly to implore his protection and favor.
In 1952, President Harry Truman signed a law creating a National Day of Prayer, and ever since, the President of the United States has called the American people to unite in a day of prayer each year.
Last Thursday, citizens across our Nation of various faiths united and celebrated the 64th annual National Day of Prayer, and I was pleased to take part, as well as
join over 50 Members of Congress supporting the role that prayer has played throughout our Nations history .
"Be careful for nothing; but in every thing by prayer and supplication with thanksgiving let your requests be made known unto God." Philippians 4:6
.
The John Batchelor Show
To listen to my interview on national radio with Francis Rose on VA scandals, whistleblowers, and construction, click
here .
Miller Media Clips
To read some recent press clips highlighting my work on behalf of Florida's First Congressional District and our Nations veterans and servicemembers, visit the following links:
Cordial no more: Lawmakers unhappy with VA's McDonald
House VA chief's patience wears thin with agency head
Lawmaker lashes out at VA secretarys rampant lack of accountability
Former Medics Find Themselves on Bottom Rung in Civilian Field
Lawmakers Target Governments Bad Apples, Obama Praises Its Good Eggs, and More
Ousted Phoenix VA chief sues to regain job
Newly released reports chronicle harm to veterans
Washington Update
First 100 Days and Current Legislative Forecast
House Republicans pledged to the American people during last years elections that we would advance a robust legislative agenda based on conservative values and limited government.
Over the first 100 days of the new 114th Congress, we have taken that pledge seriously, passing 62 bills in the first 100 days, more than were passed in the first 100 days of the last two Congresses combined.
With a unified Senate, eight of these House bills have also passed the Senate and been signed into law by the Presidentthe most since the 106th Congress in 1999.
Included in this list of bills are vital pieces of legislation like the
Clay Hunt SAV Act , which helps address the epidemic of veterans suicides by providing comprehensive, new ideas aimed at improving the accessibility and effectiveness of mental health care available to our veterans, and the
Medicare Access and CHIP Reauthorization Act of 2015 , which finally repealed and replaced the flawed SGR Medicare formula, while also enacting significant reforms to fight fraud, waste and abuse.
Unfortunately, two more bills that passed both the House and Senate, including the Keystone XL approval, have been vetoed by the President.
While the House has been busy working to pass bills to support our Nations veterans and servicemembers, improve the economy and make life easier for hard-working families and small businesses and increase accountability and transparency across government agencies, the President has been sitting at his desk issuing veto threat after veto threat.
In fact, the President has now issued 25 veto threats this year, an average of one about every five days, including on 17 bills that passed the House with bipartisan support, and he threatened two separate vetoes on consecutive days last week on House Appropriations Bills, including for the Department of Veterans Affairs, before these bills had even been considered on the House floor.
Despite the Presidents intransigence, the House will continue to do the peoples work.
Over the coming weeks, we will consider crucial national security bills like the
National Defense Authorization Act
for Fiscal Year 2016 , which passed the House Armed Services Committee last month, and the
Iran Nuclear Agreement Review Act of 2015 .
The House will also take up a whole host of bills to help grow economy by supporting the innovation needed to build a 21st century economy, and we will continue to follow regular order, bringing up appropriations bills to fund the government for the next fiscal year.
Legislating is a job that my colleagues in the House and I do not take lightly.
The American people have entrusted us to work for them, and we have a grave responsibility to repay this faith and uphold our Constitution.
In the District
38th Northwest Florida League of Cities Banquet
I had the distinct honor to give the keynote address at the 38th Northwest Florida League of Cities Banquet on Friday to discuss the pressing issues of the VA and to provide an update on the legislative efforts of the House Committee on Veterans Affairs.
The longstanding, strong partnerships shared among the people of Northwest Florida and our military installations have bred a deep understanding of the needs of the American warrior as well as those who once wore the uniform.
The support our community provides greatly assists our military men and women in accomplishing their many missions.
As the most veteran-friendly region in the Nation, it is no surprise so many servicemembers decide to stay here upon returning to civilian life.
Subsequently, the contributions these veterans make for our local communities cannot be overstated.
The Northwest Florida League of Cities has displayed strong support of our Nations veterans, most recently its support of Homes for Heroes.
Such dedicated citizens truly make a difference in the lives of those who have fought so hard to secure our freedoms, and it makes me proud to represent the First District of Florida.
I want to thank the League of Cities for placing a special focus on supporting veterans in our communities, and I was truly honored to be a part of this important event.
Congressman Miller with Mark Switzer, Kelly Hale-Switzer, Ginny Deptula, Shelley Smith, and Elizabeth Brannon (L-R, Back row) and Captain Nathan Nelson, Jennifer Nelson, and Eva Blake Nelson (L-R, Front row).
The Nelson family is a recipient of a mortgage-free, disabled-accessible home, provided by the non-profit, Building Homes for Heroes.
Photo courtesy of Kelly Humphrey, Military Reporter, Northwest Florida Daily News.
Congratulations to the Class of 2015
I was honored to give the commencement address for the 2015 graduating class of Pensacola State College last week.
Graduations, whether high school, college, or graduate school, are momentous occasions, and so I would like to congratulate all of the graduates in the class of 2015 across Northwest Florida.
Congressman Miller delivers Commencement Address to Pensacola State College Class of 2015
Happy Mother's Day
The modern American celebration of Mother's Day dates back to 1908, when Anna Jarvis organized the first official Mother's Day on May 10 at Andrews Methodist Church in Grafton, West Virginia. Today, we continue this tradition as millions around the country honor the mothers in our lives and the special bond motherhood creates by celebrating Mothers Day. We are grateful for all the work and sacrifice mothers make each day, not just for their family and children, but in making our community a better place.
Therefore, in closing, I would like to wish my wife, Vicki; mother, Peggy; mother-in-law, Winona; daughters-in-law Jill and Julie and all of
the mothers in Northwest Florida a very happy and special Mothers Day.
As always, I welcome your comments. To share your thoughts on legislation, votes or issues, please visit http://jeffmiller.house.gov/ to send an e-mail or call any of my offices.
Thanks,
Jeff
Click Here
to view this email in your browser
Click Here
to be removed from this list