
Miller Newsletter
June 21, 2015
In the News
Tragedy Strikes Charleston, South Carolina
On Wednesday, tragedy struck Emanuel AME Church in Charleston, South Carolina. As the perpetrator is brought to justice, may Christ's love be a source of comfort and be ever present in the hearts of the family and friends of the nine innocent victims whose lives were taken from us all too soon. Vicki and I send our prayers and deepest condolences to the Charleston community and all of those whose lives have been forever changed by this vicious, evil attack.
Washington Update
House Votes to Authorize Fiscal Year 2016 Appropriations for the Intelligence Community
Last week, the House passed H.R. 2596, the
Intelligence Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2016
by a vote of 247-178. H.R.2596, which I voted for, would provide the Intelligence Community the authorization needed to conduct critical national security programs to protect Americans against terrorism and cyber attacks.
This measure specifically would sustain necessary capabilities to fight terrorism and counter the proliferation of weapons of mass destruction; fund efforts to recover from unauthorized disclosures of intelligence capabilities; sustain intelligence activities in Afghanistan and Iraq to continue the fight against ISIL, Al Qaeda, and the Taliban. In addition, H.R.2596 invests in the resiliency of our national security space architecture; would enhance investments in military intelligence, surveillance, and reconnaissance aircraft; and fund initiatives to thwart cyberattacks and insider threats.
Consistent with the Budget Resolution, total funding authorized in this bill importantly balances fiscal discipline and national security.
As a member of the House Permanent Select Committee on Intelligence, my colleagues and I worked tirelessly to ensure that this legislation provides the Intelligence Community the tools it needs to keep us safe from threats both at home and abroad, while ensuring adherence to civil liberties as outlined in the Constitution.
House Votes to Repeal the Excise Tax on Medical Devices
Obamacare imposed 21 new tax increases, including a 2.3 percent medical device tax on the sale of certain medical devices.
These tax increases are a burden to the American people, limit patients access to the medical devices they require, hamper innovation and development of new technologies, and harm economic growth and job creation, and that is why the House also took action last week to repeal the medical device tax.
H.R. 160, the
Protect Medical Innovation Act of 2015 , would fully repeal the medical device tax and the many negative consequences associated with it.
I cosponsored and voted in favor of this bill, which passed the House last week 280-140, and I will continue to work with my colleagues to support commonsense measures to remove the government from the health care sector and support economic growth and prosperity.
Putting Patients First
Approximately 1.3 million seniors in Florida rely on Medicare Advantage, yet, thanks in large part to Obamacare and the laws $700 billion raid of the Medicare trust fund, they are facing skyrocketing costs and significant uncertainly.
To help address some of these issues, the House passed several bills last week to protect seniors access to Medicare Advantage.
Measures like H.R.2505, the
Medicare Advantage Coverage Transparency Act of 2015
and H.R.2507, the
Increasing Regulatory Fairness Act of 2015
would increase transparency by requiring the Centers for Medicare and Medicaid Services (CMS) to release enrollment data for utilization of Medicare services by state, zip code, and Congressional District to ensure that lawmakers have more accurate information regarding their constituents' use of the Medicare programs, and increase stakeholder participation in the Medicare regulatory process by requiring CMS to announce any payment changes by April 1 of the year prior to which they would come into effect and by requiring additional time for stakeholders to comment on any proposed rules.
In addition to these bills, the House also passed H.R.2570, the
Strengthening Medicare Advantage through Innovation and Transparency for Seniors Act of 2015
and H.R.2582, the
Securing Senior's Health Care Act of 2015
to help ensure that access to Medicare Advantage services are affordable for seniors with chronic care needs.
These bills would direct CMS to create a demonstration project for Medicare Advantage beneficiaries to use specific high-value prescription medications or clinical services to improve the management of specific chronic clinical conditions, while reducing coinsurance or copayments, and instruct CMS to improve its risk adjustment system to take into account chronic conditions, chronic kidney disease and incorporate data into their analysis.
I am a supporter of Medicare Advantage, which helps promote competition amongst private insurance companies, and I will continue to work with my colleagues to ensure seniors have access to an array of low-cost, high-quality health insurance Medicare Advantage plans.
House Calls on Iran to Immediately Release U.S. Citizens it Holds
Iran currently holds three American citizens in custody under nothing short of dubious charges.
Jason Rezaian, a dual U.S.
Iranian citizen, serving as the
Washington Post
bureau chief in Tehran, was arrested along with his wife on July 22, 2014.
On April 20, 2015, Iranian authorities indicted Rezaian on four charges, including espionage and propaganda against the establishment.
His wife, Yeganeh Salehi, who is also a journalist, was released in October of 2014.
Saeed Abedini, a dual U.S.
Iranian citizen and Christian pastor, was detained in July 2012 in Iran while visiting family.
On January 2013, an Iranian court sentenced Abedini to eight years in prison for undermining the Iranian government and creating a network of Christian house churches [].
Amir Hekmati, a former United States Marine, was arrested and detained in Iran in 2011 while visiting family.
He has since been accused of espionage and was sentenced to death in an Iranian court.
His sentence was later annulled and he has been awaiting a retrial since 2012.
Lastly, Robert Levinson was an American private investigator and retired DEA and FBI agent who disappeared while visiting Irans Kish Islands in 2007 while investigating a cigarette smuggling case.
A November 2010 video appeared of him being held hostage by unknown assailants.
However, it is believed that Robert Levinson had been detained by Iranian intelligence agents.
Inexplicably, the Administration does not include these captive Americans as a criterion in its ongoing and misguided nuclear talks with Tehran.
The time to act for our imprisoned Americans is now.
Therefore, I was pleased to see the House unanimously pass H.Res.233,
Expressing the sense of the House of Representatives that Iran should immediately release the three United States citizens that it holds, as well as provide all known information on any United States citizens that have disappeared within its borders .
This is in conjunction with a corresponding resolution (S.Con.Res.16) which was introduced in the Senate on May 7, 2015 and passed overwhelmingly on May 11, 2015.
We must send a clear message to Tehran that we as Americans will not tolerate the unjust imprisonment of our fellow citizens abroad.
House Armed Services Committee Hearing on "U.S. Policy and Strategy in the Middle East"
Ten months after ISILs blazing sweep across swaths of Iraq and Syria, which created one of the most pressing humanitarian situations in the world and melted away Iraqi security forces in western Iraq, and fourteen months after referring to ISIL as the JV team, President Obama admitted recently that he has no strategy to combat the terrorist groupan admission that comes as no surprise but with the highest alarm to the American people.
A few weeks ago, the Administration touted the killing of a major ISIL figure only to witness the very next day the fall of Ramadithe largest city in Al Anbar provinceto ISIL.
As a result, the House Armed Services Committee invited Secretary of Defense Ash Carter and Chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff, General Martin Dempsey, to testify before the committee last week on U.S. policy and strategy in the Middle East.
The answers, sadly, left much to be desired.
Secretary Carter highlighted air strikes as a success, focusing support of Iraqi Security Forces as a strategy, and Iraqi Prime Minister Abadis goals of including Sunnis in government as a promising outcome.
However, President Obamas recent statements somewhat contradict the Secretarys testimony, as he accurately cast doubt on the resolve of the Iraqi Security Forces and Abadis ability to unify his government.
Clearly there exists a significant disconnect between the Commander-in-Chief and his Defense Secretary, and I urge President Obama toafter 10 monthsget his Executive Branch and defense strategy in order.
The stakes could not be higher, and reliance on hope is not a strategy.
With the recent statement that President Obama is sending more troops in theater and into harm's way, our servicemembers deserve and the American people demand a clear strategy with specific objectives.
We must ensure we provide aid, equipment, and training to those who have proven willing and able to fight ISIL on the ground, such as the Kurdish Peshmerga, who prove to be the only promising spot in the complex picture there.
That is why I joined my colleague Congressman Trent Franks (R-AZ) in supporting an amendment to the
National Defense Authorization Ac twhich passed the Housethat would guarantee at least 12.5 percent of the funds provided to the government of Iraq go directly to the Kurds.
The most pressing issue across the spectrum of the Middle East, however, has been malign efforts on the part of Iran.
Through its arming of Houthi rebels in Yemen, direct financing of Hezbollah, and through its uninterrupted involvement in Iraq, Irans Shia-dominated government has destabilized the Middle East in its pursuit of regional hegemony.
Meanwhile, the President inexplicably seeks to take Tehran at its word while negotiating a nuclear deal with generational impact and consequences.
The fact is, Irans nefarious involvement in the region must be addressed in the nuclear talks, and economic sanctionswhich brought Iran to the negotiating table in the first placemust serve as the enforcement function for not only negotiations on nuclear arms, but Irans proliferation of destabilization.
I agree with Secretary Carter that the issues in the Middle East are complex and ever-changing.
This, however, is no excuse.
Partisan politics aside, I urge the President to spend more time and energy right now in addressing the situation plaguing the most volatile region in the world.
Our national security, the security of our allies, and our childrens future depend on it.
FL-01 Represented at the National History Day Competition
I had the opportunity to meet with Bryce Cox and Myles Herren, two bright students at East Hill Christian School, who were in Washington representing the State of Florida at the National History Day contest.
Bryce and Myles won first place in the Senior Group Exhibit category at the Florida State History Fair, earning the opportunity to compete in the national competition and display their project, entitled E-E-E Enter the World of Alfred Hitchcock, the Master of Suspense and Horror Cinematography, at the Smithsonian National Museum of American History.
I thank Bryce and Myles for stopping by my office during their visit to our Nations capital, and I wish them all the best for continued success.
Congressman Jeff Miller with the Cox and Herren Families
National Rural Electric Cooperative Washington Youth Group
I also had the opportunity to meet with a group of hard-working young students who were in Washington, D.C. for the 2015 National Rural Electric Cooperative Associations Rural Electric Youth Tour. Several participants in this week-long tour came from our backyard in Northwest Florida. I have been a long-time support of rural electric cooperatives, which play an integral part in our Nations energy sector, and they are particularly important in areas like Northwest Florida, where more than 120,000 customers are served by rural electric cooperatives.
I thank all those who participated in the Rural Electric Youth Tour for their interest in getting involved in the political process, and I wish them all the best for continued success.
Congressman Jeff Miller with constituents of the First Congressional District (left image); Congressman Jeff Miller speaking to the 2015 National Rural Electric Cooperative Associations Youth Participants (right image)
Moffitt Cancer Center
Last Friday, I visited the Moffitt Cancer Center in Tampa.
A nonprofit cancer treatment and research center established by the Florida Legislature, the Moffitt Cancer Center treats more than 51,000 patients a year.
During my visit, I toured the Stabile Research Building and met with Moffitt CEO, Dr. Alan List and Research Center Director, Dr. Tom Sellers, as well as several other Moffitt executives and scientists. As one of only 41 National Cancer Institute-designated Comprehensive Cancer Centers throughout the U.S., we are fortunate to have the Moffitt Center right here in Florida.
Congressman Jeff Miller meeting with Moffitt CEO, Dr. Alan List (left image); Congressman Jeff Miller with Dr. Alan List; Moffitt COO, Jack Kolosky; and Moffitt Center Director, Dr. Tom Sellers (L-R) (right image)
Veterans Corner
Florida Veterans of Foreign Wars Convention
Last weekend, I participated in the Florida Veterans of Foreign Wars (VFW) Convention. From local posts around the State of Florida and throughout our great Nation, the men and women of VFW have fought for over 115 years to ensure our veterans receive the care and benefits they have earned through service to all Americans. Recently, VFW's support has helped pass important legislation like the
Veterans Access, Choice, and Accountability Act of 2014
and the
Clay Hunt Suicide Prevention for American Veterans Act . Without question, not only does VFW's tradition of service to America's veterans help strengthen our communities both here in Florida and throughout the country and assist servicemembers transitioning back to civilian life, but it continues to make a difference in Washington, and I appreciate the continued service of its members. Though we still have a long way to go to improve the lives of veterans and make the Department of Veterans Affairs an organization worthy of those it serves, VFW has been an important ally every step of the way and I am honored to have their support in this fight.
Chairman Miller speaking at the 2015 Florida VFW Convention (left image); Chairman Miller visiting with
Mr. Mike White , Member of the
VFW National Legislative Committee
and Past State Commander and
Retired Volusia County Veterans Service Officer
(right image).
Federal News Radio Interview
I recently sat down with Francis Rose of Federal New Radio to discuss the problems plaguing the Department of Veterans Affairs, including a complete lack of transparency and accountability, and what we are doing to address these failures. The problems have festered over decades, and they will not be solved overnight, but we are steadily making progress. To listen to the full interview, click on the image below.
To listen to Chairman Miller's interview with Federal New Radio's Francis Rose, click on the image above.
Miller Media Clips
To read some recent press clips highlighting my work on behalf of Florida's First Congressional District and our Nations veterans and servicemembers, visit the links below:
VA Documents Show That Far Fewer Scandal-Tarred Employees Lost Their Jobs
Jeff Miller on changing culture of the VA
No short-term fix to VA scandal, says committee chairman
In the District
FEMA Launches National Flood Insurance Program Call Center
Last week, the Federal Emergency Management Agency (FEMA) launched a new National Flood Insurance Program (NFIP) call center pilot program with the intent to better serve and support policyholders when servicing of their claims.
This initiative is part of FEMAs ongoing efforts to provide more effective improvements to the NFIP.
This call center should be able to answer questions, ranging from How do I file a flood insurance claim to the more complicated insurance questions about the extent of coverage, policy ratings, and more. The NFIP call center is reachable at 1-800-621-3362, and will operate from 8 a.m. to 6 p.m. (CDT) Monday through Friday.
Upcoming Mobile Office Days in Crestview and Destin this Wednesday, June 24
In order to better serve the needs of constituents who are not close to the Pensacola or Fort Walton Beach offices, special mobile office days modeled after veterans assistance days have been established to better serve our growing population in Northwest Florida. I am pleased to announce upcoming office hours that will be held Wednesday, June 24. My staff will be available to answer questions about problems with federal agencies or other issues affecting the First Congressional District at the following locations and times: 9:00 a.m.
10:30 a.m. at the Crestview Chamber of Commerce (1447 Commerce Drive in Crestview) and 1:30 p.m.
3:00 p.m. at Destin City Hall (4200 Indian Bayou Trail in Destin).
Happy Father's Day
At the turn of the 20th century, Sonora Dodd from Spokane, Washington, heard a sermon about Mothers Day.
Years earlier, her mother had tragically died while giving birth to her sixth child, leaving her father to raise the children on his own.
After the sermon, Mrs. Dodd spoke with the minister, stating that she agreed with what he said about Mothers Day, but posed the question that perhaps fathers deserved some credit as well.
This started the effort to acknowledge our Nations fathers, from the first Fathers Day celebrated in June 1910 in Spokane, Washington, until President Nixon marked the third Sunday in June as Americas official celebration in 1972.
While it may not garner the attention that comes with Mothers Day, I want to thank and salute all of our Nations more than 70 million fathers, including my father-in-law Copeland; sons, Scott and Clint; and all fathers in Northwest Florida for the guidance, love, and example that they have provided to their children.
We especially remember those fathers currently serving our Nation overseas and remember the memory of those fathers who have departed.
In closing and in the spirit of Father's Day, Vicki and I want to also introduce the newest addition to Team Miller and congratulate my Chief of Staff, Dan McFaul and his wife, Jessica on the birth of their daughter, Vivian Louise.
She was a healthy 7lbs 6oz and 19.25 inches long at birth.
Both the baby and mother are doing well.
Vivian Louise McFaul
As always, I welcome your comments. To share your thoughts on legislation, votes or issues, please visit http://jeffmiller.house.gov/ to send an e-mail or call any of my offices.
Thanks,
Jeff
Click Here
to view this email in your browser
Click Here
to be removed from this list