 Mail begin
If
you are having trouble viewing this message or would like to share it
on a social network, you can
view the message online .
HOME
NEWS
SERVICES
LEGISLATION
CONTACT
June 15, 2015
President Talks Down to Americans On
Obamacare
President Obama continues to shamelessly attack Americans who are
standing up for patient-centered health care and for the right to have
access to more affordable health care choices.
In a speech last week, the
president implied that those who oppose Obamacare do so in order to harm our
fellow citizens. That's absurd and particularly insulting in light of
the fact that it is precisely the presidents health care law that is
driving up costs for families and businesses and kicking millions of
people off of health care plans they had and liked.
It is precisely because the
president and his party distorted the health insurance market and
then attempted to rewrite the law to provide subsidies to those not
eligible that even more Americans could be harmed in the coming weeks
depending on the outcome of King v. Burwell.
In short, President Obama and his
allies have created a colossal mess of Americas health care system and
their only defense now is to insult those who think we can and ought to
do better.
There are numerous, positive solutions out there to solve the
challenges in Americas health care system
both those that existed
prior to Obamacare and those that exist now because of it
that do not
require putting Washington in charge. While the president continues to
peddle the same tired, straw men arguments in defense of his agenda,
the rest of us are going to be focused on patient-centered health care
reforms that put patients, families and doctors in charge.
Here are two positive
solutions we've introduced in just the past few
weeks:
Empowering Patients First Act - HR
2300
The Rescue Act - 2650
House Passes Critical Defense Funding
Bill
This spring, the House and Senate worked together to pass a
responsible plan to balance the nations budget and improve our national
security. Using that guidance, the House Appropriations Committee produced a
defense funding bill that the House of Representatives passed last
week. It will help ensure military readiness, provides critical resources
to fight ISIS and other terrorist organizations, and gives our troops
a pay raise. It is a good bill and one that will bring much needed
accountability to the Pentagon.
Sadly, our Democrat colleagues are threatening to
block these resources from getting to the men and women who are
protecting and defending America because they want to use our national security
as a bargaining chip to increase spending for their and President
Obama's domestic agenda. They are unabashedly opposed to increasing
support for our troops unless they can also ramp up spending at agencies
like the IRS and the EPA.
There ought to be strong, bipartisan agreement that
our national security is a top priority. Its time President Obama and
his allies in Congress started working with Republicans to give our
military members the resources they need to complete their
missions.
Trade Promotion
Authority
The House of Representative has passed Trade Promotion
Authority (TPA) legislation to provide for important congressional
oversight of ongoing and future trade negotiations.
Trade is critical to the economic
health and vitality of our communities in Georgia and our nation as a
whole. Trade agreements break down barriers and open up markets so
that American entrepreneurs can compete on a level playing field, grow
opportunity and create jobs.
But it would be foolish to trust the Obama
Administration to negotiate important trade agreements without Congress having
input, the opportunity to scrutinize the details of whats been negotiated
and, ultimately, to have an up or down vote on any proposal. Trade
Promotion Authority ensures Congress exercises its oversight
powers.
TPA puts
in place important guidelines and guardrails so future trade agreements
reflect what is best for American workers and job
creators.
Share on
Facebook Share on Twitter
Please Feel Free to Tell a
Friend E-mail:
E-mail: E-mail:
Washington DC Office
100 Cannon House Office Building
Washington DC 20515
Phone:
202-225-4501
Fax:
202-225-4656
District Office:
85-C Mill Street, Suite 300
Roswell, GA 30075
Phone:
770-998-0049
Fax: 770-998-0050
Internet:
Web:
http://tomprice.house.gov
E-mail:
E-mail Tom by clicking
here
Unsubscribe
|
Update My
Profile
|
Privacy Policy
gateway mail end 