
Rick's Weekly Report
to sign up click
here
Friend,
Today, the House acted to carry out Congress' first constitutional responsibility of providing for the common defense.
It was an honor to cast my vote in favor of the National Defense Authorization Act (NDAA) for Fiscal Year 2016, which supports our troops and their critical missions, including operations at Fort Gordon in Augusta.
Click
HERE
to see my full statement on how the NDAA will help keep Americans safe and bolster national defense at home and abroad.
I also spoke on the House floor this week in support of legislation to stop the EPA's flawed "Waters of the United States" (WOTUS) rule.
If not stopped, the WOTUS rule would give the federal government authority to regulate virtually any place where water flows in the United States. This is unacceptable overreach, and I'm pleased the House passed legislation, which I cosponsored, to stop this rule from taking effect.
Click the image below to watch video of my floor remarks and
find out more about the bill
HERE .
Video of Congressman Allen's floor remarks opposing EPA's harmful WOTUS rule
We have a responsibility to defend innocent lives of the most vulnerable. Thats why I proudly cosponsored the Pain-Capable Unborn Child Protection Act, which the House passed this week.
This bill protects unborn children from abortion after five months, the point at which they can feel pain. I will always fight for the right to life from conception and am grateful the House approved this bill to stop painful late-term abortions, save lives, and give a voice to those who cannot speak for themselves.
Another national security bill the House approved this week is the Iran Nuclear Agreement Review Act.
After its recent passage in the Senate, the measure is on its way to becoming law, ensuring any potential nuclear deal with Iran is reviewed by Congress. Not only will this allow Congress to stop a bad deal with Iran, it also gives the American people the opportunity to weigh in.
This week brought strong progress in advancing solutions that protect Americans and hold the federal government more accountable.
With your help and input, I look forward to continuing to work on these and other issues important to Georgians in the 12th district.
I hope you'll reach out by
emailing or calling one of my offices , or connecting through social media on
Facebook ,
Twitter , and
Instagram .
Sincerely,
Rick Allen
Member of Congress
WEBSITE
|
UNSUBSCRIBE
|
CONTACT
Click Here Click Here