
District Update | June 13, 2015
Click here
if you have trouble viewing this email
Record number of hiring employers at 5th annual Jobs Fair
We just wrapped up my 5th annual Jobs Fair, and there was a resounding response from job seekers and employers alike that this was our best event yet! I want to say a huge thank you to all the businesses and employment resource organizations who participated. They are the ones who make this such a good resource for job seekers.
Are you still in the job hunt, and looking for interview, resume, and job search tips? My Jobs Hunting Workshop is still available at
CVTC.org.
Protecting the future of the Spotted Frog and the community
For more than a year, Ive been working with ranchers in Glenwood Valley to ensure that their operations would not be severely impeded by the U.S. Fish and Wildlifes Water Management Plan intended to protect the Oregon Spotted Frog. Back in August, 2014, I brought Fish and Wildlife Director Dan Ashe to Southwest Washington to meet with these ranchers. Director Ashe supported developing this plan as a model of coordinated efforts, and as a result of this meeting he directed the agency to make this a priority.
Just a few days ago, a final plan was signed that will allow the ranchers to operate their lands in a manner that will benefit the Oregon Spotted Frog, while still allowing them to support their livelihoods.
Im very pleased by the efforts and cooperation of everyone involved, and I hope this can be an example for future conservation efforts in our region.
Prioritizing rail safety improvements
In order for rail to work for Southwest Washington, we have to make sure regulations are keeping up with public safety needs. Thats why this week I voted against an effort to sideline important rail safety regulations that better protect our communities.
While debating the transportation funding bill on the U.S. House floor, a proposal to defund new rail standards was proposed by another Member of Congress. This would have been a huge setback for train safety. I have been
consistently pressing DOT
to implement these new regulations that include requiring thicker tank cars for oil trains, slower train speeds, and better emergency readiness.
Fortunately, we were able to defeat this harmful amendment.
As a member of the Appropriations committee, I helped write this transportation funding bill that funds critical rail safety efforts including at-grade train crossing improvements, oil by rail safety, positive train control, and other safety efforts. Positive train control is a technology capable of slowing or stopping trains travelling too fast or behaving erratically in sensitive areas, and has been identified
as a possible solution
for preventing accidents like the one that occurred in Philadelphia last month.
Whatever commodity trains are carrying through this region, its a federal obligation to ensure that our citizens, waterways and communities are protected.
Standing up for Salmon
Last week the House passed the 2016 Commerce, Justice, and Science Appropriations bill. I helped author this bipartisan legislation that advances strong salmon recovery efforts, provides vital funding for local law enforcement, and spends $661 million less the Presidents 2016 proposed budget.
I worked to make sure taxpayer dollars were focused in places where they could make the biggest impact, while also making spending cuts where appropriate. This bill targets specific hatchery management needs, ensuring that our communitys successful salmon restoration efforts can continue. It also makes sure law enforcement can confront and prevent trafficking, cyber threats, prescription drug abuse, and other threats to the safety of our community.
Read more about the bill here.
TOP NEWS
COLUMBIAN:
Signs of improving economy evident at jobs fair
READ MORE HERE
COLUMBIAN/AP:
Environmental issues to be key in Columbia River talks
READ MORE HERE
CHRONICLE:
Herrera Beutler: House Passes Amendment Increasing Police Hiring Grant Funds
READ MORE HERE
RESIDENT SPOTLIGHT
Kalama resident gets an assist with Social Security
When Guy Williams of Kalama visited my office, he was extremely frustrated with the Social Security Administration. He had already been waiting six months for his Social Security benefits to begin after he was told they would take only 60 days to start. Mr. Williams and his wife were running into financial trouble as the months went by and they continued to not receive their Social Security benefit checks.
My staff contacted the local Social Security office on his behalf to have them review the situation and reason for the delays. As a result, Mr. William's benefits started two weeks later.
Are you having an issue with a federal agency? My office is here to help! Please contact us at
(360) 695-6292 or by visiting
JHB.House.Gov.
Forward to a Friend
|
Share on Facebook
|
Share on Twitter
|
Permalink
Washington, DC Office
1130 Longworth HOB
Washington, DC 20515
Phone: (202) 225-3536
Fax: (202) 225-3478
Vancouver Office
O.O. Howard House (Officers' Row)
750 Anderson Street, Suite B
Vancouver, WA 98661
Phone: (360) 695-6292
Fax: (360) 695-6197
UPDATE SUBSCRIPTION OPTIONS
|
PRIVACY POLICY
|
CONTACT US
Click Here Click Here