
Friday May. 22, 2015
WEBSITE
|
FORWARD TO A FRIEND
| SHARE ON:
Welcome to the sixth installment of my e-newsletter. It is one of my top priorities as your Representative in Congress to keep you as informed as possible about my work on your behalf, and I thank you for following these updates.
First off I'd like to start by letting you that TOMORROW I will be hosting three "Coffee With Your Congressman" events! These events are designed to allow folks who may not have access to one of our district offices to meet me and my staff and discuss the issues that matter the most to them. More information can be found here: http://1.usa.gov/1ElIWVz.
I also continued to work to reform Congress by offering an amendment this week that would have prevented any taxpayer funds from paying for first class flights for members of Congress. Unfortunately my bipartisan measure was not adopted, but I am going to continue to push for these kinds of important reforms. For more, watch this video of my colleague Rep. Gwen Graham and me discussing our bipartisan efforts:
Here are some more recent updates about my work in Washington and Iowa:
In Washington:
I had the honor of taking part in the Cedar Rapids Honor Flight with some of Iowa's bravest heroes who fought for our freedom. I cannot thank our Veterans enough for their service:
I took a firm stance to protect your right to privacy by voting "No" on the "USA Freedom Act" because it authorizes the continued violation of the Fourth Amendment rights of American citizens. Protecting your constitutional right to privacy is one of my top priorities, and I will continue to stand strong for the Fourth Amendment in Congress. I think America can be secure without sacrificing our civil liberties. I also signed a bipartisan letter to the United States Senate urging real surveillance reform. Read the letter here: http://1.usa.gov/1KkEheK.
The House also
passed H.R. 880 , which I co-sponsored and
spearheaded an effort to gain a floor vote , which would permanently extend and simplify the calculations for the Research &amp; Development Tax Credit. By incentivizing innovation, we can help businesses continue to develop new technologies and create high paying, skilled jobs.
In Iowa:
I am pleased to report that I have held my first round of meetings for both our Agriculture Council and Veterans Council. I look forward to holding more of these meetings as I continue to serve you in the 1st District. If you are interested in joining either council please contact John Ferland at John.Ferland@mail.house.gov.
I had the opportunity to visit IBM in Dubuque and talk with employees about educating the next workforce and making investments in Eastern Iowa:
I also recently visited Prescott Elementary School in Dubuque, which is Iowa's ONLY Charter elementary school and was a judge in their "Paper Dress" contest:
It is a continued honor to serve you as your Representative in Congress. I will continue to work tirelessly to serve all of you in Eastern Iowa to the best of my ability.
For Iowa,
Rod
CONNECT
LATEST NEWS
USA Today: Freshmen Rod Blum Flies Solo On His Mission To Change Congress
Waterloo/Cedar Falls Courier: Blum Embraces Outsider Role In Congress
Dubuque Telegraph Herald: Paper Dress Show Highlights National Charter School Week
KGAN: Rep Blum Takes A Closer Look
The Hill: Freshmen Reps Hope House Will Vote On First Class Flight Ban
KGAN: Rep Rod Blum &amp; Rep Gwen Graham(D-FL) Talk About Banning First Class Airfare For Members Of Congress
NOTE: Please DO NOT respond to this email as this inbox is unattended. To contact my office please
click here
UPDATE SUBSCRIPTION OPTIONS
|
PRIVACY POLICY
|
CONTACT US
Click Here Click Here