.
The hearing was a home-rule violation because the House singled out the local legislation of one jurisdiction, the District, while being careful in two prior hearings on marijuana to call no local officials.
I applauded Mayor Gray
for not providing a policy official to testify at the hearing, and instead sending a law enforcement official as a courtesy.
As I said before the hearing, it could signal the first step by Congress to overturn the D.C. bill.
Sure enough, immediately after the hearing, it was reported that a Republican House member from Louisiana had said he intended to introduce a disapproval resolution
to overturn the bill, but he has seemed to walk that back.
I am preparing to defeat this and any future Republican attacks on our local marijuana decriminalization policies, and I believe I can stop the bill from being overturned.
The city's marijuana decriminalization legislation is a responsible, but modest, response to an alarming report showing that African Americans are eight times more likely to be arrested for marijuana possession than whites in the District.
President Truman - One of the Nation's Top Presidents and a D.C. Home-Rule Advocate - Deserves the Recognition of 'Harry S. Truman Union Station'
On May 8, following the introduction of a bill in the Senate to name Union Station, a federal property, "Harry S. Truman Union Station," I announced that I would cosponsor the bill
in the House, along with the Missouri delegation, as long as the historic "Union Station" remains in the name.
Harry Truman is a president much admired in this city and is cited by historians as one of our nation's greatest presidents for his breakthroughs in integrating the armed forces, the Fair Deal and much more.
In the District, Truman's vocal support of D.C. home rule furthers his ranking.
While in office, he said, "I strongly believe that the citizens of the District of Columbia are entitled to self-government."
Reviewing Recent Transportation Proposals: House's Misguided Transportation Appropriations Bill vs. Administration's Realistic Transportation Reauthorization
As the top Democrat on the Transportation and Infrastructure Committee's Subcommittee Highways and Transit, on May 7, I sent a memo to committee Democrats on the fiscal year 2015 Transportation, Housing and Urban Development appropriations bill.
I contrasted it
with the Administration's four-year surface transportation reauthorization proposal, released the previous week.
Unlike the transportation appropriations bill, the Administration's surface transportation bill is a realistic and productive, but modest, launching point that, if followed, should help our subcommittee move quickly to complete a comprehensive reauthorization this year.
I am particularly pleased that the Administration's reauthorization bill gives major attention to work force training, with a provision much like a bill I introduced in the previous two Congresses.
In contrast, the House Appropriations Committee's bill goes in the opposite direction by further reducing already lackluster funding levels and virtually eliminating funding for key programs.
A Minor Change to D.C. Height Act Passed by Congress
On May 6, a bill making a minor change to the D.C. Height Act , which I cosponsored, was passed by the Senate. It passed the House the week before and now goes to the President for his signature.
I cosponsored the bill only after the D.C. Mayor and Council Chairman reached a home-rule agreement and supported the bill. The bill would give the District the authority to allow human occupancy in the structures atop buildings known as penthouses, while maintaining the 1:1 setback for such structures and the city's unique skyline.
Disgusted with Republican Actions on Long-Term Unemployment Insurance Hearing
When I was on the way to a Democratic Caucus policy hearing on long-term unemployment insurance on May 6, I learned that Republicans , who control access to hearing rooms because of their majority status, had kicked Members and many long-term unemployed people, including the scheduled witnesses, out of the hearing room.
The hearing and the fight to renew long-term unemployment insurance are special priorities of mine because the District is tied with New Jersey in leading the country with 46.6% of its unemployed residents out of work for 27 weeks or longer.
Progress on a National Women's History Museum in D.C.
On May 6, I spoke on the House floor
in favor of a bill, of which I am an original cosponsor, to establish a commission to study the creation of a National Women's History Museum in the nation's capital.
I tried for years to get a bill for the museum through Congress.
I expect this bill for a commission to have better success.
The absence of a National Women's Museum stands out in the District.
Its creation would help the nation understand and appreciate women's contributions to our country's history.
Remembering Jim Oberstar, a Chairman's Chairman
My friend and former colleague Jim Oberstar passed away last weekend.
From the moment I joined the Transportation and Infrastructure Committee in 1991, I began to learn from Jim and felt his warmth, kindness and depth.
For my full statement on his passing, see my press release .
Upcoming Events:
Small Business Fair
Thursday, June 5, 2014 - 9:00 a.m. - 4:00 p.m.
Washington Convention Center - 801 Mount Vernon Place NW, Washington, DC
At my annual Small Business Fair, D.C. small business owners and residents can participate in workshops and one-on-one counseling from a wide array of experts and government agencies.
For more information, see the event flyer .
All D.C. small businesses are invited to participate, and should pre-register online.
Watch out for more information on the following upcoming events.
National Park Service Town Hall Meeting
Date TBA
One Judiciary Square - 441 Fourth St. NW
D.C. residents will be invited to join the discussion and come be part of the solution to make NPS parks your parks with playgrounds, community events, bikes, food, art, music and other amenities in a smoke-free environment.
Several experts will be on hand to join the discussion.
D.C. Commission on Black Men and Boys Panel on Gangs
Date and location TBA
Congressional Caucus on Black Men and Boys Panel on Returning Citizens and Fatherhood
Date and location TBA
Visit my website, www.norton.house.gov , regularly for updates
Follow me on Twitter
Friend me on Facebook
Subscribe on YouTube
Please click here to unsubscribe
Capitol Hill Office
2136 Rayburn HOB
Washington, D.C. 20515
Phone: (202) 225-8050
Fax: (202) 225-3002
S.E. District Office
2041 Martin Luther King Jr. Ave., S.E.
Washington, D.C. 20020
Phone: (202) 678-8900
Fax: (202) 678-8844
Main District Office
90 K Street, N.E., Suite 100
Washington DC 20001
Phone: (202) 408-9041
Fax: (202) 408-9048
To unsubscribe from our list, please click here.
DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.0 Transitional//EN" "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml1/DTD/xhtml1-transitional.dtd"
Congresswoman Norton&#8217;s e-Newsletter
May 13, 2014
Combatting Republican Attacks on D.C. Marijuana Decriminalization Bill
On May 9,
I testified at a House hearing on D.C.&#8217;s marijuana decriminalization bill .
The hearing was a home-rule violation because the House singled out the local legislation of one jurisdiction, the District, while being careful in two prior hearings on marijuana to call no local officials.
I applauded Mayor Gray
for
not providing a policy official to testify at the hearing, and instead sending a law enforcement official as a courtesy.
As I said before the hearing, it could signal the first
step by Congress to overturn the D.C. bill.
Sure enough, immediately after the hearing, it was reported that a Republican House member from Louisiana had said he
intended to introduce
a disapproval resolution
to overturn the bill, but he has seemed to walk that back.
I am preparing to defeat this and any future Republican attacks on our local marijuana
decriminalization policies, and I believe I can stop the bill from being overturned .
The city&#8217;s marijuana decriminalization legislation is a responsible, but modest, response to an alarming report showing that African Americans are eight times more likely to be arrested for marijuana possession than whites in the District.
President Truman &#8211; One of the Nation&#8217;s Top Presidents and a D.C. Home-Rule Advocate &#8211; Deserves the Recognition of &#8216;Harry S. Truman Union Station&#8217;
On May 8, following the introduction of a bill in the Senate to name Union Station, a federal property, &#8220;Harry S. Truman Union Station,&#8221; I announced that
I would cosponsor the bill
in the House, along with the Missouri delegation, as long as the historic &#8220;Union Station&#8221; remains in the name.
Harry Truman is a president much admired in this city and is cited by historians as one of our nation&#8217;s greatest presidents
for his breakthroughs in integrating the armed forces, the Fair Deal and much more.
In the District, Truman&#8217;s vocal support of D.C. home rule furthers his ranking.
While in office, he said, &#8220; I strongly
believe that the citizens of the District of Columbia are entitled t o self-government.&#8221;
Reviewing Recent Transportation Proposals: House&#8217;s Misguided Transportation Appropriations Bill vs. Administration&#8217;s Realistic Transportation Reauthorization
As the top Democrat on the Transportation and Infrastructure Committee&#8217;s Subcommittee Highways and Transit, on May 7, I sent a memo to committee Democrats on the fiscal year 2015 Transportation, Housing and Urban Development appropriations
bill.
I contrasted it
with the Administration&#8217;s four-year surface transportation reauthorization
proposal, released the previous week.
Unlike the transportation appropriations bill, the Administration&#8217;s surface transportation bill is a realistic and productive, but modest, launching point that, if followed, should help our subcommittee move quickly to
complete a comprehensive reauthorization this year.
I am particularly pleased that the Administration&#8217;s reauthorization bill gives major attention to work force training, with a provision much like a bill
I introduced in the previous two Congresses.
In contrast, the House
Appropriations Committee&#8217;s bill goes in the opposite direction by further reducing already lackluster funding levels and virtually eliminating funding for key programs.
A Minor Change to D.C. Height Act Passed by Congress
On May 6, a bill making
a minor change to the D.C. Height Act , which
I cosponsored, was passed by the Senate. It passed the House the week before and now goes to the President for his signature.
I cosponsored the bill only after the D.C. Mayor and Council Chairman reached a home-rule agreement and supported the bill. The bill
would give the District the authority to allow human occupancy in the structures atop buildings known as penthouses, while maintaining the 1:1 setback for such structures and the city&#8217;s unique skyline.
Disgusted with Republican Actions on Long-Term Unemployment Insurance Hearing
When I was on the way to a
Democratic Caucus policy hearing on long-term unemployment insurance on May 6,
I learned that Republicans , who control access to hearing rooms because of their majority
status, had kicked Members and many long-term unemployed people, including the scheduled witnesses, out of the hearing room.
The hearing and the fight to renew long-term unemployment insurance are special priorities of mine because the District is tied with
New Jersey in leading the country with 46.6% of its unemployed residents out of work for 27 weeks or longer.
Progress on a National Women&#8217;s History Museum in D.C.
On May 6, I
spoke on the House floor
in favor of a bill, of which I am an original cosponsor, to
establish a commission to study the creation of a National Women&#8217;s History Museum in the nation&#8217;s capital.
I tried for years to get a bill for the museum through Congress.
I expect this bill for a commission to have better success.
The absence of a National Women&#8217;s Museum stands out in the District.
Its creation would help the nation understand and appreciate women&#8217;s contributions to our country&#8217;s history.
Remembering Jim Oberstar, a Chairman&#8217;s Chairman
My friend and former colleague Jim Oberstar passed away last weekend.
>From the moment I joined the Transportation and Infrastructure Committee in 1991, I began to learn from Jim and felt his warmth, kindness and depth.
For my full statement on his passing, see my
press release .
Upcoming Events:
Small Business Fair
Thursday, June 5, 2014 &#8211; 9:00 a.m. &#8211; 4:00 p.m.
Washington Convention Center &#8211; 801 Mount Vernon Place NW, Washington, DC
At my annual Small Business Fair, D.C. small business owners and residents can participate in workshops and one-on-one counseling from a wide array of experts and government agencies.
For more information, see the
event flyer .
All D.C. small businesses are invited to participate, and should
pre-register online.
Watch out for more information on the following upcoming events.
National Park Service Town Hall Meeting
Date TBA
One Judiciary Square &#8211; 441 Fourth St. NW
D.C. residents will be invited to join the discussion and come be part of the solution to make NPS parks your parks with playgrounds, community events, bikes, food, art, music and other amenities in a smoke-free environment.
Several experts will be on hand
to join the discussion.
D.C. Commission on Black Men and Boys Panel on Gangs
Date and location TBA
Congressional Caucus on Black Men and Boys Panel on Returning Citizens and Fatherhood
Date and location TBA
Visit my website,
www.norton.house.gov , regularly for updates
Follow me on
Twitter
Friend me on
Facebook
Subscribe on
YouTube
Please click here
to unsubscribe
Capitol Hill Office
2136 Rayburn HOB
Washington, D.C. 20515
Phone: (202) 225-8050
Fax: (202) 225-3002
S.E. District Office
2041 Martin Luther King Jr. Ave., S.E.
Washington, D.C. 20020
Phone: (202) 678-8900
Fax: (202) 678-8844
Main District Office
90 K Street, N.E., Suite 100
Washington DC 20001
Phone: (202) 408-9041
Fax: (202) 408-9048
To unsubscribe from our list, please click here.
