
Mail begin
If you are having trouble viewing this message or would
like to share it on a social network, you can
view the message online .
June 05, 2015
"to elevate
the condition of men--to lift artificial weights from all shoulders,
to clear the paths of laudable pursuit for all, to afford all an
unfettered start and a fair chance, in the race of
life."
--Abraham
Lincoln
Chairman's Note: Throwing out Washington's broken status quo
playbook
This week the Senate proved
that we still have what it takes to be the worlds greatest
deliberative body.
The National Defense Authorization Act
for 2016, currently pending on the Senate floor, is the product of
thoughtful and careful legislating by the committees of jurisdiction, and
thus far it has received a fair and open debate and amendment process
on the floor. We should expect nothing less when something as
important as the funding for our national defense is on the
line.
But the significance of the NDAA also presents a problem:
whenever a bill as important as this comes before Congress, it attracts
the attention of pet projects and cronyist programs that dont have
enough support to pass on their own merits, so they get tacked on as
amendments to must-pass legislation that is sure to be signed into
law.
This is one of the oldest tricks in Washingtons
broken status quo playbook. And with one of Washingtons most cherished
corporate welfare programs set to expire at the end of June, every
piece of legislation is a potential target.
The
cronyist program in question is the Export-Import Bank, and the two most
likely candidates to escort it to the president's desk are the NDAA and
the highway bill.
Most Americans have never heard of
the Ex-Im Bank. And most of those who have, dont like it. Thats
because, as Barack Obama pointed out when running for president, Ex-Im is
little more than a fund for corporate
welfare.
"Attaching Ex-Im to one of these
important items would be legislative
malpractice."
But everyone knows about Americas armed services and
transportation system. And while people may disagree about how exactly
we should pay for the national defense and our network of highways,
roads, and bridges, everyone agrees that we should fund
them.
Attaching Ex-Im to one of these important items would be
legislative malpractice.
If members of Congress support
corporate welfare, they should have the confidence to stand before the
American people and pass a reauthorization of the Export-Import Bank
on its own merits. If they dont, they owe it to the American people
not to tack it onto a must-pass bill at the last
minute.
Why Religious Freedom matters to all
Americans
To watch the full video
CLICK
HERE
Issue In Focus: EPA's Latest Power
Grab
The Environmental Protection
Agency and the U.S. Army Corps of Engineers recently issued a proposed
rule that will greatly expand federal regulatory authority under the
Clean Water Act. The bureaucrats who wrote the rule, known as the
Clean Water Rule or the Waters of the U.S. Rule, claim it merely makes
minor changes to the existing Clean Water Act and eliminates uncertainty
by clarifying which waters are subject to federal
regulation.
But those who will have to abide by this new rule
including
farmers, businesses, and state governments
see things much differently.
From their perspective, the allegedly minor rule will in fact give
the federal government unprecedented control over their private
property.
Of particular concern is the rules expanded definition of
waters of the U.S., which now includes waters adjacent to waters
already regulated under the Clean Water Act. This will subject even more
state and private property to unnecessarily burdensome EPA
regulations.
To make matters worse, instead of eliminating uncertainty,
as the agencies claim, the rule actually codifies it. It does this by
creating an ambiguous classification of other waters whose
jurisdiction is left to be determined on a case-by-case basis by the EPA and
the Army Corps of Engineers.
In other words, under the
EPAs proposed rule, unelected bureaucrats in Washington will be given
broad discretion to determine which waters, in every corner of the
country, should fall under their control. Something as trivial as a
backyard puddle could ostensibly be classified as waters of the U.S.,
leaving state and private landowners at the mercy of regulators thousands
of miles away when trying to determine what they can do on their own
property without breaking federal law.
The Clean Water Rule
is an affront to state and local control of natural resources,
property rights, and the rule of law. Instead of allowing the EPA and the
Army Corps of Engineers to seize control of state and private property,
Congress should exercise its authority over the federal regulators and
force them to withdraw this onerous new
rule.
Washington, D.C. Office
361A Russell
Senate Office Building
Washington,
D.C., 20510
Phone: 202.224.5444
Fax: 202.228.1168
Salt Lake
City
Wallace F. Bennett Federal
Building
125 South State, Suite 4225
Salt
Lake City, UT 84138
Phone:
801.524.5933
Fax: 801.524.5730
St.
George
Office of Senator Michael S. Lee
285 West Tabernacle, Suite 200
St.
George, UT
84770
Phone:
435.628.5514
Unsubscribe
|
Update My Profile
|
Privacy Policy
