
Official Site
Constituent Services
News
Contact
U.S. Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell&rsquo;s eNewsletter - - Week of June 8, 2015
Senator McConnell speaks in support of Ft. Campbell &amp; Ft. Knox on Senate Floor
Throughout the week, U.S. Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell spoke on the Senate Floor about the important role that the military plays in communities in Kentucky and urged Senate Democrats to support American troops by passing the
National Defense Authorization Act .
On Wednesday, Senator McConnell delivered remarks recognizing the importance of Fort Campbell to our country and to Kentucky, saying, &ldquo;Units from Ft. Campbell have bravely served as the tip of the spear in executing the U.S. Global War on Terror&hellip;Ft. Campbell&rsquo;s unrivaled aviation infrastructure provides the Army with the critical ability to rapidly deploy service members to volatile regions. It&rsquo;s obvious that Ft. Campbell means a lot to our country...It means a lot to its local community too, especially considering the fact that it has an annual economic impact of $5 billion to the surrounding region.&rdquo;
This week, the
Kentucky New-Era
in Hopkinsville,
reported
on the Senator&rsquo;s speech:
U.S. Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell used support for Fort Campbell as one of the underlying themes in a speech made Wednesday on the Senate floor&hellip;McConnell went onto using Fort Campbell as an example of that sacrifice and unparalled value.
Click the image below to view the Senator&rsquo;s floor remarks about Ft. Campbell.
On Thursday, Senator McConnell praised Fort Knox on the Senate Floor, saying &ldquo;Fort Knox hosts the Army&rsquo;s Human Resources Command.
It&rsquo;s a hub for multiple major commands under the Training and Doctrine Command. And because of its vast array of excellent training grounds and its exceptional training facilities, Fort Knox also recently began hosting thousands of cadets for extensive annual training under the Army Leader&rsquo;s Training Courses. Not only has Ft. Knox been leading the Army in energy independence by developing the capability to go off the grid entirely, but it also continues to make an exceptionally important contribution locally too.
&ldquo;Fort Knox&rsquo;s economic impact on Hardin County and the surrounding community stands at over $2 billion a year. My constituents in Elizabethtown and across the commonwealth know how important Fort Knox is to our community and to our country. They also know that passing the bipartisan defense bill before us would allow for a critical new medical facility to be built at Fort Knox. They don&rsquo;t want to see Democrat leaders hold that medical facility hostage for unrelated partisan reasons.&rdquo;
WDRB-TV in Louisville
reported
on the Senator&rsquo;s floor speech:
Kentucky's senior U.S. Senator is calling on lawmakers to pass the Defense Authorization Act. Mitch McConnell spoke today on the Senate floor. He talked about the impact on Hardin County if Fort Knox lost more funding.
Click the image below to view the Senator&rsquo;s floor remarks about Ft. Knox.
Coming up:
Senator McConnell will speak on the Senate Floor and highlight the importance of Blue Grass Army Depot located in Central Kentucky. Follow Senator McConnell's press offices on Twitter at
@McConnellPress
and
@SenateMajLeader
to stay up to date on the latest on what is happening with the
National Defense Authorization Act .
Obamacare: Broken Promises, Higher Costs, Massive Failures
On Tuesday, the Cincinnati/Kentucky
Enquirer
published an op-ed by Senator Mitch McConnell regarding Obamacare&rsquo;s impact on Kentucky hospitals.
Senator McConnell wrote:
In large part due to Obamacare, two-thirds of Kentucky hospitals have eliminated positions through layoffs, attrition or abolishing positions&hellip;
The horrible truth, as too many Kentuckians are finding out the hard way, is that Obamacare is filled with broken promises. It promised that if you liked your plan, you could keep it. It promised to bring health care costs down. It's a disaster of a law that isn't working and there's only one way to fix it. It needs to be repealed and replaced with common-sense, step-by-step reforms that will actually lower health care costs and increase patient choice.
Click
HERE
to read the Senator&rsquo;s full op-ed.
This week, Senator McConnell spoke on the Senate Floor regarding the failures of Obamacare and the negative effects of Obamacare on the Middle Class.
Click the image below to view the Senator&rsquo;s floor remarks regarding the failures of Obamacare on Tuesday.
Click the image below to view the Senator&rsquo;s floor remarks regarding the negative effects of Obamacare on the Middle Class on Wednesday.
Senator McConnell Hemp Amendment Approved by Senate Appropriations Committee
Would Ensure Industrial Hemp Pilot Programs Can Continue Without Federal Disruption
On Thursday, an amendment Senator McConnell introduced with Senators Jeff Merkley (D-OR) and Jon Tester (D-MT) regarding legal industrial hemp cultivation pilot projects was approved by the Senate Appropriations Committee.
The hemp amendment, which continues Senator McConnell&rsquo;s efforts from last year, provides that no funds can be used by federal agencies in violation of Senator McConnell's provision in the 2014 Farm Bill, which gave state agricultural commissioners and universities the go ahead to cultivate hemp for pilot programs.
&ldquo;I appreciate my colleagues recognizing the importance of this issue to Kentuckians participating in the industrial hemp pilot programs. This measure will help ensure that industrial hemp pilot programs in Kentucky can continue without federal disruption,&rdquo; Senator McConnell said. &ldquo;These legal pilot programs authorized by my legislation could help boost our state&rsquo;s economy and lead to future jobs.&rdquo;
Majority Leader McConnell Swears in Kentuckian for Farm Credit Administration Board
On Friday, U.S. Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell conducted the swearing-in ceremony for Jeff Hall of Louisville, Kentucky for the Farm Credit Administration Board. Senator McConnell recommended Hall for the position. The swearing-in ceremony was held in the hearing room for the U.S. Senate Committee on Agriculture, Nutrition, &amp; Forestry. Click
HERE
to read more about Hall&rsquo;s new position.
Pictured from left to right are Jeff Hall and his wife, and Senator McConnell.
Senator McConnell Receives Award from American Printing House for the Blind
On Tuesday in the U.S. Capitol, the American Printing House for the Blind (APH) presented Senator McConnell with the Building Independence Award, in acknowledgement of his continuing efforts in support of educational opportunities for people with vision loss.
Upon receiving the award, Senator McConnell said, &ldquo;I am proud to support the great work APH does to help provide educational opportunities for many blind and visually impaired Americans and it is an honor to be one of the first recipients of the Building Independence Award. For more than 155 years APH has been a national resource for millions of Americans, and as it is located in my hometown of Louisville, Kentucky, I am especially appreciative for this remarkable institution&rsquo;s service to our community and nation.&rdquo;
APH President, Dr. Tuck Tinsley III, and Chairman of the Board of Trustees, W. Barrett Nichols, present Senator McConnell with the Building Independence Award in the U.S. Capitol.
Click the image below to view the award presentation.
Click
HERE
to read more about the award and APH.
Welcome to Washington, D.C.
Every week Senator McConnell welcomes to his leadership office in the U.S. Capitol many Kentuckians from across the Commonwealth.
On Tuesday, Senator McConnell greeted students and teachers from Owensboro Catholic High School during their tour of the U.S. Capitol.
On Wednesday, Senator McConnell met the 2015 Kentucky Champion for Children's Miracle Network Hospitals, Cassie Rickerson, and her family from Fayette County. Senator McConnell enjoyed hearing Cassie&rsquo;s story about the work of University of Kentucky's UK HealthCare and Kentucky Children's Hospital.
On Thursday, the professors specializing in teacher preparation at various Kentucky colleges and universities visited Senator McConnell&rsquo;s office.
If you&rsquo;re planning a trip to Washington, D.C., please check out Senator McConnell's
website
and visit his office while you are in town. Every week, Senator McConnell welcomes to his office in the U.S. Capitol many Kentuckians from across the Commonwealth visiting D.C. to meet with Senator McConnell and discuss issues of importance to Kentucky. Also, the Senator&rsquo;s office has information on tours, places to visit and local restaurants to help make your trip to the nation&rsquo;s capital one to remember.
In the Media
On Monday, Senator McConnell visited the WHAS11-TV studio in Louisville, Kentucky and spoke with reporter Joe Arnold about the Senate working again.
Also on Monday, WGTK-Radio in Louisville welcomed Senator McConnell to their studio for an interview with Joe Elliott, the host of 970AM The Answer.
On Tuesday, Senator McConnell and GOP Senators hosted a media stakeout in the U.S. Capitol and spoke about the
National Defense Authorization Act . Click the image below to view the Senator&rsquo;s remarks at the stakeout.
Also on Tuesday, Senator McConnell joined Bret Baier in studio for a live interview on Fox News&rsquo; Special Report. Click the image below to watch the interview.
Keeping Up With Senator McConnell
Keep up with the latest news and alerts from our nation&rsquo;s capital as well as updates on things happening in Kentucky by becoming a fan of Senator McConnell&rsquo;s
Facebook
page, and get the latest news from Senator McConnell&rsquo;s Press Office on Twitter at
@McConnellPress
and on Instagram at
@McConnellPress .
For a more behind-the-scenes view of the Senate Majority Leader's office, be sure to follow
@SenateMajLdr
on Twitter and
@SenateMajLdr
on Instagram.
Get this newsletter delivered to your inbox by signing up
HERE
Official Site
|
Privacy Policy
|
Unsubscribe
