
If you are having trouble viewing this message or would like to
share it on a social network, you can
view the message online .
June 24, 2015
Unsubscribe
Update My Profile
Website
|
Biography
|
Contact Me
|
Services
|
Issues &amp;
Legislation
|
Newsroom
|
28th
District
Dear Friend,
Welcome to my Washington Update,
an e-newsletter for the constituents of California's 28th Congressional
District.
This e-newsletter provides a way for
you to keep me informed of your views and interests. In addition to
participating in the survey, I would encourage you to send any more
detailed thoughts by
email .
Sincerely,
Congressman Adam
Schiff
Rep. Schiff Continues to Press for
Congressional Debate and Vote on War Authorization Against
ISIS
Last week,
the House of Representatives narrowly rejected an amendment to the
annual Defense Appropriations bill by Rep. Schiff (D-CA) in a vote of
196-231. Schiff's amendment would have required Congress to debate and
vote on a new authorization for use of military force (AUMF)
by March 31st, 2016.
The amendment would accomplish this by
prohibiting funds in the defense appropriations bill from being used for
Operation Inherent Resolve after March of next year
which is currently
targeting ISIS through airstrikes in Iraq and Syria
unless Congress
passes a new AUMF that authorizes the ongoing military
action.
"Ten months into an undeclared war against ISIS,
Congress yet again dodged its responsibility to authorize the use of
force," said Schiff in a speech on the House Floor. "While our
pilots and Special Forces risk it all, Congress refuses to do its job.
Congressional abdication of our responsibility to declare war, or to
deny authorization for war, sets a terrible precedent and shifts
war-making powers substantially and inexorably towards the Executive. While
this is another setback for a Congress long derelict in its duty, I will
keep pushing for a debate and vote on a new
AUMF.
Watch
Schiffs speech on the House floor
below:
Read more:
Huffington Post
House Rejects Democrats'
Efforts To Authorize War Against Islamic
State
The Hill
House kills vote to force debate on authorizing troops against
ISIS
McClatchy
Obamas legal rationale for war against Islamic State
secret and very thin
Rep. Schiff Meets with
Students in Washington
This month, Rep. Schiff welcomed two
student groups from local schools in the
28 th
Congressional District to his Washington, D.C. office. He met with students in the
Close Up program from Lycee International de Los Angeles in Los
Feliz, where they discussed many topical issues including cyber-security.
As a French preparatory school, the students had a particular interest
in foreign affairs. Rep. Schiff also met with students from the
Maimonides Academy in West Hollywood, a Jewish day school. Rep. Schiff spoke
to them on the importance of Holocaust Remembrance as well as his own
work on gaining U.S. recognition of the Armenian Genocide. Both
school groups traveled to Washington in order to give students greater
insight into the work of the federal government.
This
past month I had the opportunity to meet with groups of students
visiting from Los Angeles. These are among my favorite meetings. Rep. Schiff
said, Its always heartening to see the interest
and involvement in government of younger generations. It was great to hear from both
these engaging and bright groups of young people and I am confident
in their ability to serve as future leaders in whatever field they
choose to enter.
Rep. Schiff Celebrates L.A. Pride Week in West
Hollywood
On
Sunday , Rep. Schiff joined Pride Week
celebrations in Los Angeles at the 45 th
annual L.A. PRIDE
Parade. Pride Week promotes awareness about and acceptance of the LGBT
community both among non-LGBT and within the community as well. The
Rev. Troy Perry, the
first openly gay member of the Los Angeles
County Commission on Human Rights, and 13-year-old transgender activist
Zoey were the grand marshals of the parade this year. Thousands of
people attended the events in West
Hollywood.
I was delighted to once again
have the opportunity to participate in this years PRIDE festivities,
said Rep. Schiff. This is an important time in the fight for
equality within the LGBT communities, and a time to celebrate the unique
diversity in our country and our community. I am honored to have the
opportunity to represent the West Hollywood community in Congress and
it was a privilege to celebrate with my constituents
today.
Rep. Schiff
Discusses the Death of al Qaeda Leadership
This week, the White
House announced that it had eliminated the leader of Al Qaeda in the
Arabian Peninsula (AQAP) and second in command in Al Qaeda, Nasir
al-Wuhayshi. Schiff discussed the announcement with Briana Keilar on
CNNs The Situation Room, saying, "As the Al Qaeda affiliate most focused
on attacking the United States with plots directed against our
aircraft and bombs that can get past metal detectors, any loss of high-level
commanders has a disruptive impact. In the case of top leadership
like al-Wuhayshi, that interruption in organizational planning is all the
more profound.
Watch the full
interview here:
Read more:
New York Times
For U.S., Killing Terrorists Is a Means to an Elusive
End
Washington
Post
Why decapitation strikes
have killed terrorist leaders, but not al-Qaeda
Rep. Schiff Votes Against Fast Tracking the Trans
Pacific Partnership in House
Last week, Congress
voted to block the Trade Adjustment Assistance (TAA), part of a
legislative package to consider the Trade Promotion Authority (TPA). As a
result the consideration of TPA, or fast track, was initially stalled.
This fast track would provide for expedited approval of a potential
Trans-Pacific Partnership trade deal without the opportunity for amendment
by Congress. If approved, the TPP would potentially be the largest
trade agreement in history. Rep. Schiff voted against both the TPA and
the TAA.
After the vote, Schiff shared
his reasons for voting against both pieces of legislation on his
Facebook page:
I just voted NO on both the Trade Promotion Authority
(TPA), or fast track, legislation and the Trade Adjustment Assistance
(TAA) bill. I do not believe that either the fast track or TAA bills will
lead to trade agreements whose benefits flow to all Americans or do
enough to help Americans who are affected by wrenching economic shifts
due to globalization.
While negotiations of fast track were
underway, I withheld judgment
I have not supported fast track
authorities in the past, believing that Congress should preserve a role in
shaping trade agreements, but was willing to hold off in light of
representations that this would be a new type of authority. However, once
the legislation was finalized and I had time to fully review the bill,
it became clear that this fast track bill was little different from
past authorities. It does not include enforceable mechanisms to ensure
adherence to fair labor standards, to enhance environmental
protections and human rights, or to stop illegal currency manipulation.
Consequently, I voted no.
I also voted no on the TAA bill. Unlike
fast track, I have consistently supported TAA as a lifeline for
workers who lose their jobs due to trade. However, this bill is
fundamentally flawed and because of the way it was presented to the House, there
was no way to separate the vote on TAA from the vote on TPA. Among
other concerns, the TAA bill would exclude public sector workers who meet
all other criteria and it doesnt include enough funding to help all
the workers who need assistance. In addition, although last minute
efforts were made to change this, the bill included language that would
have cut Medicare, which I simply could not
support.
Any
trade deal must not risk aggravating the already historic and growing
disparity between rich and poor in America. Our nation has always prided
itself on its upward mobility, and a strong middle class. While trade
deals may increase overall GDP, if that increase is confined to those
who have largely already prospered and results in even greater
downward pressure on the wages of middle income and working class families,
the agreements have the potential of making a bad problem, worse. That
will continue to be the bottom line as I evaluate trade
votes.
In a subsequent vote later that week, which Rep. Schiff
also opposed, the House passed the TPA
legislation.
News You Could
Use
Looking for Affordable Housing?
Beware of Section 8 Scams
If youor someone you is
seeking public housing assistance, make sure theyknow about
the
Section 8 housing
scams
that prey on home-seekers. The scams use websites that look like
registration sites for
Section
8
waiting list lotteries. They take peoples registration
fee money, their personal information,
and
their
chance to register for the real lottery
since these hopefuls
usually dont know theyve been scammed until the real waiting list
is closed. There is never a fee to register for a real Section 8
waiting list. To sign up for one, contact your
local public housing
authority .
Tell Your Story of
Student Debt Repayment Stress
Have you run into
obstacles trying to pay back your student loans? The Consumer Financial
Protection Bureau wants to hear.
Submit your comments
through
July 13
to help the CFPB improve student loan
servicing for borrowers. Your story will become part of a public record, so
dont send sensitive information such as your Social Security number or
other information that identifies you. And to learn about
options for paying back your student loans, check out the CFPBs
Repay Student
Debt
section.
New
One-Stop Resource for Identity Theft Victims
News
about data breaches at banks, stores, and government agencies is
an everyday occurrence now. The sooner you find out, the better off
youll be. IdentityTheft.gov , a new website, offers step-by-step checklists of what to do if
youre the victim of identity theft, depending on the information
thats been stolen or exposed. It lists
warning signs
indicating your identity was stolen,
and gives websites and phone numbers for organizations that can
help. And, it has sample letters for disputing fraudulent charges,
correcting information in your credit reports, and getting business records
relating to the theft.
Earlier this month, the U.S. government announced that foreign
hackers obtained the personnel files of millions of current and former
federal employees from an Office of Personnel Management (OPM)
database. This security breach is only the latest in a series of high profile
cyber-attacks of private companies and government agencies. The House
passed cyber-information sharing legislation in March of this year to
strengthen our countrys defense and response to these threats, but
some argue that we should go even further to prevent these attacks,
including retaliation against hackers.
In the wake of this latest hack, how should the
United States respond to these attacks? We should respond aggressively when we are able to
attribute an attack to a specific party, launching counterattacks of our
own. We should
respond proportionately, depending on who the attacker was, whether they
did damage, or whether it was a nation-state actor gathering
intelligence.
We should
focus on securing our networks, not on offensive measures or
counterattacks. We should
name and shame nations that engage in cyberattacks against our
citizens and consider sanctions and other steps to discourage
them. Other: *By answering this survey, you
are subscribing to my newsletter If you are having trouble,
click here. Survey Results Earlier this month, the House moved forward on a
major reform of the Patriot Act authorities with an overwhelmingly
bi-partisan vote to pass the USA Freedom Act. This legislation would end
the bulk collection of telephone records and require the government
to query the data held by telephone companies on a case by case basis
and upon court order. It would also make vital reforms to the FISA
Court that introduces an independent advocate to argue on behalf of
privacy and civil liberties. Do you support passage of legislation like the
USA Freedom Act? Answer Total A. Yes, I believe that Congress should reform all aspects of
the nation's surveillance programs, and USA Freedom is a good
start. 37.62% B. Yes, I believe that
Congress should pass the USA Freedom Act, but I think that the reforms
should go farther.
24.83% C. No, I
believe that Congress should reauthorize the NSA program as it currently
is with no changes. 14.13% D. No,
I believe Section 215 of the Patriot Act should be allowed to
expire. 23.42%
Contact
Information
Washington, DC
2411 Rayburn House Office Building
Washington D.C.
20515
Phone: (202) 225-4176
Facsimile: (202) 225-5828
Burbank Office
245 E. Olive Ave., #200
Burbank, California 91502
Phone: (818) 450-2900
Phone: (323) 315-5555
Facsimile: (818) 450-2928
Update My
Profile
-
Unsubscribe
-
Privacy Policy
