
Jeb Bush: Push Back Retirement Age for Social Security Please take this one-question instant poll immediately:
Do you think we should raise the retirement age for Social Security?
No, leave Social Security alone!
Yes, make 70 the new retirement age.
For a millionaire like Jeb Bush, waiting another 2, 3 or even 5 years to collect Social Security might not seem like a big deal.
But for most seniors -- for construction workers, nurses, teachers and other hard working Americans -- being forced to work until 70 is a hard pill to swallow.
And to be frank, David, we think Bush&rsquo;s threat to strip the safety net away from seniors who&rsquo;ve paid into Social Security for their whole lives is
just plain wrong. TAKE THE ONE-QUESTION SURVEY: Do you think we should raise the retirement age for Social Security?
And, it&rsquo;s not just Bush. ALL of the Republican frontrunners are promising to slash Social Security:
- Scott Walker, though secretive about the details, has said Social Security needs &lsquo;significant reforms.&rsquo;
- Marco Rubio has called for reducing benefits AND raising the retirement age.
- Rand Paul has actually pushed to privatize Social Security and raise the retirement age.
To us, this seems like a serious threat. But we want to know what you think.
Please take this one-question instant poll immediately:
Do you think we should raise the retirement age for Social Security?
No, leave Social Security alone!
Yes, make 70 the new retirement age.
Thanks,
DCCC
Paid for by the Democratic Congressional Campaign Committee | 430 South Capitol Street SE, Washington, DC 20003 |
(202) 863-1500
| www.dccc.org | Not authorized by any candidate or candidate's committee.
This message was sent to:
dj724530@gmail.com
| If you'd like to sign up for emails in a different account, click
here .
We believe that emails are a crucial way for our campaign to stay in touch with supporters. However, if you'd just like to receive fewer emails, you can click
here .
We are already at work preparing for what's next. Early support will be critical for building our next campaign to defeat Tea Party Republicans. 99% of our contributions come from grassroots donations, with an average gift of $22. If you'd like to unsubscribe from DCCC emails, click
here . If you'd like to make an online donation, click
here . Thanks for your support of Democrats!
