
E-news Sign-up
Sunday May 31,2015
CONTACT STEVEN
Hurricane Preparedness Week
This week in Mississippi was officially recognized as "Hurricane Preparedness Week." Governor Bryant established this week of recognition to remind everyone the importance of early preparation as hurricane season officially starts tomorrow, June 1.
Each year we are faced with threats of severe weather and possible hurricanes impacting the area.
It was only ten years ago that Hurricane Katrina hit our State and devastated the Gulf Coast.
While we have all worked tirelessly to help restore our home, many are still suffering the long-term effects of that disastrous storm.
I hope each of you will join me in recognizing the importance of this "Hurricane Preparedness Week."
As we approach this hurricane season, I'd like to take this time to share with you some information and resources that can help you better prepare and protect your family, home, and business.
Preparing your household
Develop a Family Communication Plan, which could include:
The room your family will take shelter in during the storm, which should be a small interior room, such as a closet, hallway, bathroom on the lowest level.
What actions each family member will do in the event of a hurricane
Designate a friend or out-of-state relative to be an emergency point of contact.
Assemble a three-five day emergency disaster kit, which could include:
Flashlight and battery-powered radio with additional batteries/hand-
crank rechargeable flashlight/radio
Bottled water
Non-perishable foods
Toiletry items
Pet food
Medicine and prescription medication
Copies of important family papers and documents
Preparing your business
Develop and administer your preparedness program.
Examine ways to prevent hazards and reduce risks.
Talk with your employees about:
Resource management
Crisis communications
Business continuity: how to continue your business after the storm has ended
Create a plan, which could include:
A business impact analysis
Lost sales and income
Increased expenditures
Regulatory fines
Delay of new business plans
Other useful websites that provide hurricane preparedness information:
www.ready.gov/hurricanes
www.nhc.noaa.gov/prepare/
www.hurricanes.gov
www.ready.gov/ready2015
http://emergency.cdc.gov/disasters/hurricanes/
Social media can also be a useful tool during a time of emergency. Below is a list of Twitter accounts you can follow for more
information on preparedness or to receive regular updates during weather emergencies:
@Readygov
@MSEMA
@NWSJacksonMS
@FEMA
@NHC-Atlantic
@PrepareAthon
@Citizen_Corps
@NWS
@CDCemergency
As always, if we can be of any assistance please call or visit my office. For more updates I encourage you to connect with me on
facebook ,
t witter , or by visiting my
website .
I'm also now on
instagram
and invite you to follow my updates and posts from there as well!
In Your Service,
Steven M. Palazzo
NOTE: Please DO NOT respond to this email as this inbox is unattended. To contact my office please
click here
UNSUBSCRIBE
|
PRIVACY POLICY
|
CONTACT US
Click Here Click Here