DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.0 Transitional//EN" "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml1/DTD/xhtml1-transitional.dtd"
Send me an email
|
Forward to a Friend
Friend
Over this past weekend, the Obama Administration quietly
released
six more terrorists from the prison at Guantanamo Bay, Cuba, sending them to the country of Oman. This is just the latest step in the Presidents dangerous and short-sighted plan to close down GITMO
a plan that puts politics above national security and personal priorities above the interests of the American people.
Who were the six terrorists that were released this weekend? Well, lets take a look:
Emad Abdullah Hassan, who is suspected of being one of many bodyguards to al-Qaida leader Osama bin Laden and of being part of a group planning to attack NATO and American troops after the 2001 invasion of Afghanistan.
Idris Ahmad 'Abd Al Qadir Idris and Jalal Salam Awad Awad, both alleged bodyguards to bin Laden.
Sharaf Ahmad Muhammad Mas'ud, whom the U.S. said fought American soldiers at Tora Bora, Afghanistan, before his capture in Pakistan.
Saa'd Nasser Moqbil Al Azani, a religious teacher whom the U.S. believes had ties to bin Laden's religious adviser; and
Muhammad Ali Salem Al Zarnuki, who allegedly arrived in Afghanistan as early as 1998 to fight and support the Taliban.
Given former GITMO detainees propensity for returning to the battlefield against Americans, I believe their release presents a grave national security concern. Yet, according to recent
reports , the Administration intends to move forward with transferring up to 10 detainees from the Guantanamo detention center this month alone, which means an additional four prisoners could be turned loose within the next two weeks. This is what Administration officials are reported to be saying:
We are
working feverishly
to transfer each of the 51 detainees [at Gitmo] currently approved for transfer,
said
one official.
We are
taking all possible steps
to reduce the detainee population at Guantanamo and to close the detention facility,
said
another.
If only the President was this zeroed in on addressing the extended wait times and delays that our veterans face at the VA.
If only the Administration was working feverishly and taking all possible steps to provide our heroes with the care they deserve and have earned.
Terrorists at GITMO? Put them on a wait list. The men and women who have sacrificed and served this nation? That is who our government should be working feverishly to care for and support.
Yours in service,
Randy
P.S. Defending our defenders has long been one of my top priorities in Congress.
Click here
to read about some recent bills I supported that put our troops before politics, and ensure their best interests are looked after.
Home
|
Contact
|
Forward to a Friend
|
Unsubscribe
|
Subscribe
|
Privacy
|
Office Locations
Please do not reply to this message. This email address does not accept incoming messages. To send an email,
click here .
Click Here Click Here