, authorizing $460 million a year for the National Park Service (NPS) for the federal lands transportation program for fiscal years 2016 to 2021, and establishing a program called the Nationally Significant Federal Lands and Tribal Transportation Project program, funded at $150 million each fiscal year from 2016 to 2021.
My bill comes after NPS last week announced weight restrictions and sidewalk and lane closures on the Arlington Memorial Bridge, which went into effect on May 29.
We have known for years that Memorial Bridge was structurally deficient, but after years of shameful congressional neglect, NPS was forced to make these drastic but necessary moves, which will cause a headache for residents, commuters, and tourists.
The Metro bus ban will cause major inconvenience.
Tragically, one of our nations most iconic bridges has become a national symbol of the crisis facing the nations most important infrastructure. The cost of rebuilding the bridge is $250 million, but NPS only receives $240 million annually for its transportation projects nationwide, so it is no wonder they have not been able to begin vital repairs on Memorial Bridge.
Federal roads and bridges like the Memorial Bridge must be 100% funded by the federal government, not from states allocations.
These vital roads and bridges have become federal orphans, an unacceptable reality that the public must help us change.
I will highlight the details of my bill and bring attention to the critical condition of Memorial Bridge, along with the rest of our nations crumbling infrastructure, at a press conference on the bridge itself today at noon . I will be joined by Congressman Don Beyer (D-VA) and Senator Tim Kaine (D-VA), U.S. Interior Secretary Sally Jewell, U.S. Transportation Secretary Anthony Foxx, and NPS Director Jonathan Jarvis.
Congress has kicked the can down the road for so long that this watershed Memorial Bridge moment must galvanize Congress into action.
Court Ruling on D.C. Budget Autonomy Referendum Raises New Issues, But I Am Defending It From Congressional Interference
Last week, the U.S. Court of Appeals for the District of Columbia Circuit vacated (canceled) a federal district courts decision that held that the budget autonomy referendum approved by D.C. voters in 2013 was invalid.
That means budget autonomy is in effect for now, but along with city officials, we are trying to figure out what the remand to a local court means.
This case is not over.
Therefore, I will continue my efforts to stop Congress from blocking or overturning the referendum, including during the upcoming appropriations process.
The court decision highlights the urgent need for Congress to pass our D.C. budget autonomy bill, which has bipartisan, bicameral support in Congress and from the President.
The District deserves the right to control its locally raised revenue like every other jurisdiction in the U.S.
a central feature of democratic self-government in our country.
Another Major Step Toward St. Elizabeths DHS Campus Consolidation While Improving Shepherd Parkway for the Community
I was pleased to announce last week that the National Park Service has transferred eight acres located in Shepherd Parkway to the U.S. General Services Administration (GSA) to use to make infrastructure improvements needed to accommodate the next phase of U.S. Department of Homeland Security (DHS) consolidation at St. Elizabeths in Ward 8.
The transfer of these eight acres is not a small matter.
These acres are essential for the DHS consolidation to move to the next stage.
I was also particularly pleased that the GSA construction will rescue Shepherd Parkway from dumping, an issue the community and I have been working to eliminate for months to make Shepherd Parkway a pleasant park experience for the neighborhood.
This is a win-win for the community and the DHS campus will be an economic boon for the city.
After Five Decades of Failed Cuba Policy, a Major Step Toward Normalizing Relations
Last Friday, the U.S. State Department officially removed Cuba from the list of state sponsors of terrorism.
This action, long overdue, is a pivotal step toward bringing U.S.-Cuba relations into the realities of the 21st century.
Cuba is still an undemocratic nation, but it is not a state sponsor of terrorism.
Encouraging open channels of information and contact between our two countries is the best way to grow democracy in Cuba.
We have a long way to go toward normalization, and my faith in American democracy as a model for the world leads me to believe that opening the doors to diplomatic relations and allowing the Cuban people to deal directly with the American people cannot fail to inspire democracy even in Cuba.
Our Nominating Commission Now Accepting Applications for U.S. Marshal for D.C. After Current Marshal Retires
Last week, Edwin D. Sloane, the U.S. Marshal for the District of Columbia, announced his retirement.
I thanked Marshal Sloane, a D.C. native, for his dedicated service over the past five years to our city.
Our Federal Law Enforcement Nominating Commission is accepting applications to fill the position of U.S. Marshall for D.C.
Applicants should, but are not required to, have: (1) a minimum of four years of command-level law enforcement management duties, including personnel, budget, and accountable property issues, in a police department, sheriff's office or federal law enforcement agency; (2) experience in coordinating with other law enforcement agencies, particularly at the state and local level; (3) college-level academic experience; and (4) experience in or with county, state, and federal court systems or experience with protection of court personnel, jurors, and witnesses.
Interested candidates must submit their applications by Monday, June 29.
Applications should include a rsum, three references, and a letter of interest outlining the applicants qualifications and reasons they want the position.
Applications should be sent to:
Pauline A. Schneider
Chair, Federal Law Enforcement Nominating Commission
Ballard Spahr LLP
1909 K Street NW, 12th Floor
Washington, DC 20006
doctype html
Congresswoman Nortons e-Newsletter
June 1, 2015
After NPS Announces Memorial Bridge Lane Closures and Weight Restrictions, Introducing a Bill to Fund Federal Infrastructure
Assets
I
have been working for a month on the Save Our National Parks Transportation Act, which I will introduce today , authorizing $460 million a year for the National Park Service (NPS)
for the federal lands transportation program for fiscal years 2016 to 2021, and establishing a program called the Nationally Significant Federal Lands and Tribal Transportation Project program, funded at $150 million each fiscal year from 2016 to 2021.
My
bill comes after NPS last week announced weight restrictions and sidewalk and lane closures on the Arlington Memorial Bridge, which went into effect on May 29.
We have known for years that Memorial Bridge was structurally deficient, but after years of shameful
congressional neglect, NPS was forced to make these drastic but necessary moves, which will cause a headache for residents, commuters, and tourists.
The Metro bus ban will cause major inconvenience.
Tragically, one of our nations most iconic bridges has
become a national symbol of the crisis facing the nations most important infrastructure. The cost of rebuilding the bridge is $250 million, but NPS only receives $240 million annually for its transportation projects nationwide, so it is no wonder they have
not been able to begin vital repairs on Memorial Bridge.
Federal roads and bridges like the Memorial Bridge must be 100% funded by the federal government, not from states allocations.
These vital roads and bridges have become federal orphans, an unacceptable
reality that the public must help us change.
I will highlight the details of my bill and bring attention to the critical condition of Memorial Bridge, along with the
rest of our nations crumbling infrastructure,
at
a press conference on the bridge itself today at noon .
I will be joined by Congressman Don Beyer (D-VA) and Senator Tim Kaine (D-VA), U.S. Interior Secretary Sally Jewell, U.S. Transportation Secretary Anthony Foxx, and NPS Director Jonathan Jarvis.
Congress has kicked the can down the road for so long that
this watershed Memorial Bridge moment must galvanize Congress into action.
Court Ruling on D.C. Budget Autonomy Referendum Raises New Issues, But I Am Defending It From Congressional Interference
Last
week, the U.S. Court of Appeals for the District of Columbia Circuit vacated (canceled) a federal district courts decision that held that the budget autonomy referendum approved by D.C. voters in 2013 was invalid.
That means budget autonomy is in effect for now, but along with city officials, we are trying to figure out what the remand to a local court means.
This case is not over.
Therefore, I will continue my efforts to stop Congress from blocking or overturning
the referendum, including during the upcoming appropriations process.
The court decision highlights the urgent need for Congress to pass our D.C. budget autonomy bill, which has bipartisan, bicameral support in Congress and from the President.
The District
deserves the right to control its locally raised revenue like every other jurisdiction in the U.S.
a central feature of democratic self-government in our country.
Another Major Step Toward St. Elizabeths DHS Campus Consolidation While Improving Shepherd Parkway for the Community
I
was pleased to announce last week that the National Park Service has transferred eight acres located in Shepherd Parkway to the U.S. General Services Administration (GSA) to use to make infrastructure improvements needed to accommodate the next phase of U.S.
Department of Homeland Security (DHS) consolidation at St. Elizabeths in Ward 8.
The transfer of these eight acres is not a small matter.
These acres are essential for the DHS consolidation to move to the next stage.
I was also particularly pleased that
the GSA construction will rescue Shepherd Parkway from dumping, an issue the community and I have been working to eliminate for months to make Shepherd Parkway a pleasant park experience for the neighborhood.
This is a win-win for the community and the DHS
campus will be an economic boon for the city.
After Five Decades of Failed Cuba Policy, a Major Step Toward Normalizing Relations
Last Friday, the U.S. State Department officially removed Cuba from the list of state sponsors of terrorism.
This action,
long overdue, is a pivotal step toward bringing U.S.-Cuba relations into the realities of the 21st century.
Cuba is still an undemocratic nation, but it is not a state sponsor of terrorism.
Encouraging open channels of information and contact between our
two countries is the best way to grow democracy in Cuba.
We have a long way to go toward normalization, and my faith in American democracy as a model for the world leads me to believe that opening the doors to diplomatic relations and allowing the Cuban people
to deal directly with the American people cannot fail to inspire democracy even in Cuba.
Our Nominating Commission Now Accepting Applications for U.S. Marshal for D.C. After Current Marshal Retires
Last week, Edwin D. Sloane, the U.S. Marshal for the District of Columbia, announced his retirement.
I thanked Marshal
Sloane, a D.C. native, for his dedicated service over the past five years to our city.
Our
Federal Law Enforcement Nominating Commission is accepting applications to fill the position of U.S. Marshall for D.C.
Applicants should, but are not required to, have: (1) a minimum of four years of command-level law enforcement management
duties, including personnel, budget, and accountable property issues, in a police department, sheriff's office or federal law enforcement agency; (2) experience in coordinating with other law enforcement agencies, particularly at the state and local level;
(3) college-level academic experience; and (4) experience in or with county, state, and federal court systems or experience with protection of court personnel, jurors, and witnesses.
Interested candidates must submit their applications by Monday, June 29.
Applications should include a rsum, three references,
and a letter of interest outlining the applicants qualifications and reasons they want the position.
Applications should be sent to:
Pauline A. Schneider
Chair, Federal Law Enforcement Nominating Commission
Ballard Spahr LLP
1909 K Street NW, 12th Floor
Washington, DC 20006
Thanks for subscribing!
Follow Congresswoman Norton on
Facebook ,
Twitter ,
Instagram ,
YouTube , or her
website
for more updates.
Capitol Hill Office
2136 Rayburn HOB
Washington, D.C. 20515
Phone: (202) 225-8050
Fax: (202) 225-3002
S.E. District Office
2041 Martin Luther King Jr. Ave., S.E.
Washington, D.C. 20020
Phone: (202) 678-8900
Fax: (202) 678-8844
Main District Office
90 K Street, N.E., Suite 100
Washington DC 20001
Phone: (202) 408-9041
Fax: (202) 408-9048
To unsubscribe from our list, please click here .
