
If you are having
trouble viewing this message or would like to share it on a social
network, you can
view the
message online .
CSS
Tweet of the Week
|
Videos of
the Week
|
Statements &amp;
Speeches
For help with internships, tours and constituent issues or
cases please contact Rep. Ros-Lehtinen's offices in Miami
(305-668-2285) or Washington, DC (202-225-3931)
Tweet of the
Week
Week in
Photos
Rep. Ros-Lehtinen was recognized for her legislative efforts to
ensure that people across South Florida and our nation have adequate
information and treatment options to fight eating
disorders.
Video of the Week
A TPP Trade Deal With Communist Regimes Undermines Human
Rights Around The World And Hurts Our Partners ,
Says Ros-Lehtinen
Ros-Lehtinen Says
That The US Must Do More To Combat ISIS And Protect Those It
Threatens
On The House Floor, Ros-Lehtinen
Speaks On The Dangers Of Negotiating With An Iranian Regime That
Supports Terrorism Around The World
A Deal
With Iran Can Endanger Our National Security, Says
Ros-Lehtinen
Ros-Lehtinen Says That Hezbollah Poses A
Threat To US Interests In The Middle East
On the House Floor, Ros-Lehtinen Says We Must Combat Nexus
Between Drug Traffickers And Terror Groups
Ros-Lehtinen
Hosts Congressional Commemoration To Honor South Florida
Students
Its always an honor for me to recognize
educational achievement in our community. South Florida is blessed to have
so many talented and dedicated students who work hard to achieve and
improve in their academic careers. We should all continue to encourage
our future leaders to strive for success
( Link to Release )
Ros-Lehtinen Amendment to
Help SOUTHCOM Counter Western Hemisphere Threats Included in House
Passage of FY16 National Defense Authorization
Act
"This amendment is very simple. It authorizes the
Secretary of Defense to deploy assets, personnel and resources to SOUTHCOM
and the Joint Interagency Task Force South in order to take on threats
with sufficient intelligence, surveillance, and reconnaissance
capabilities. Terror groups receive a large amount of financial resources
through the illicit drug trade and their cooperation with drug cartels in
our region, and we are dangerously ill-equipped to tackle these
threats. It is in our vital national security interest to bolster our
efforts to counter the nexus between drug traffickers and terror groups, and
to do so we need to give SOUTHCOM the resources it needs to get the
job done."
( Link to
Release )
Ros-Lehtinen Concerned Vatican Recognition Of Palestine Sets
Back Peace Process
Every time an
entity recognizes the non-existent State of Palestine, the prospect of a
constructive peace process between Israel and the Palestinians becomes
more distant. With todays recognition by the Vatican, Abu Mazen will
be emboldened to move forward with his campaign to seek unilateral
recognition from international organizations, such as UNESCO and the
International Criminal Court, without direct negotiations with the
democratic Jewish State of Israel.
( Link to
Release )
United Nations Harming Cause of Human
Rights with Hypocrisy and Criticism of United States, Says
Ros-Lehtinen
Continuing to give some of the worlds
worst human rights violators a platform at the United Nations to
criticize the United States and obscure their own human rights records is the
height of hypocrisy and does lasting damage to those suffering under
repressive regimes. Dictatorships like those in Iran, North Korea, and
Cuba continue to brutally and inhumanely persecute their own people
with impunity, yet are provided a forum to criticize the human rights
record of the United States. The United Nations must stop legitimizing
these tyrants abuses and instead work to help and defend the people
struggling under their oppressive rule. The Obama administration should
immediately withhold funding to the Council and withdraw the
membership of the United States.
( Link to
Release )
On House Floor, Ros-Lehtinen Condemns
Dangerous and Unverifiable Iran Deal; Supports Bill to Expand Sanctions
Against Iranian-Proxy Hezbollah
The Iranian
regime has targeted and killed Americans since the Iranian revolution
in 1979. This regime was responsible for killing and wounding
thousands of our U.S. troops in Iraq. This murderous regime is destabilizing
the region and mocking the U.S. by blowing up a mock U.S. aircraft
carrier and chanting continually death to America. Now the Adminsitration
is giving Iran not only access to billions of dollars but also
international legitimacy. Countries and businesses no longer fear doing
business with Iran even though the sanctions are still in place. They no
longer fear looking like international pariahs helping one of the
worlds worst human rights abusers and the worlds largest supporter of
global terror.
( Link to
Release )
Tell a Friend
E-mail:
E-mail:
E-mail:
Share on
Twitter Share on
Facebook Share on Digg Share on LinkedIn
Washington, DC
Office
2206 Rayburn HOB | Washington, DC
20515
Phone: (202) 225-3931 | Fax: (202) 225-5620
Miami
Office
4960 SW 72 Ave, Suite 208 |
Miami, FL
33155
Phone: (305) 668-2285 |
Fax: (305) 668-5970
Unsubscribe
|
Update My Profile
