
Dear Friend,
Thank you for signing up to receive my email newsletter. These
newsletters will cover a variety of topics, including events happening
in Indiana, legislation being considered in Congress, and my
perspective on current issues. My hope is to keep you updated and
informed on how issues in Washington may impact Hoosiers. I welcome
your feedback.
Thanks for reading,
Dan Coats
_____
Cutting Federal Spending on Printing and Travel
In this week's installment of Waste of the Week, I discussed how
federal agencies can achieve $10 billion in savings by reducing
non-essential printing and travel costs.
In remarks on the Senate floor, I called on all federal agencies and
Congress to examine what is spent on printing, travel and vehicles.
According to the National Commission on Fiscal Responsibility and
Reform, we can achieve at least $10 billion in future savings by
requiring federal agencies to eliminate and reprioritize spending in
the areas of printing, travel and vehicles.
When I served on the Senate Appropriations Committee, I secured
appropriations language that encouraged federal agencies to submit a
plan for reducing operating expenses by placing greater scrutiny on
overhead costs. I asked these agencies to consider how savings could be
achieved by reducing non-essential travel, office supplies, rent, and
utility costs. While I have been heartened to see recent reductions in
printing costs by some federal agencies, much, much more can be done.
Indiana is a great example of success in this area. When Mitch Daniels
was Indiana's Governor, he had an aide place pennies on the back tire
of state-owned vehicles. Months later, the aide went to back see which
of the pennies were still on the tires. If a penny remained, it
indicated that the cars had not been driven. Roughly 2,500 unused state
vehicles were sold off. This totaled about 1/3 of the state's fleet.
As Congress begins working on fiscal year 2016 appropriations bills, I
am proposing that Congress place language in these appropriations bills
requiring all federal agencies to reduce spending in the areas of
printing, travel and vehicles by ten percent. This effort is about
prioritizing and economizing. Trimming waste and excess in these areas
through a ten percent reduction will save at least $10 billion.
_____
Commission to Fill Judicial Vacancies
This week I called for the establishment of an Indiana Federal
Nominating Commission to make recommendations on judicial vacancies in
the Hoosier state.
There are currently three such vacancies in Indiana: the United States
Court of Appeals for the Seventh Circuit, the U.S. District Court for
the Southern District of Indiana and the United States Attorney for the
Southern District of Indiana. An additional vacancy will arise on the
U.S. District Court for the Northern District of Indiana upon Judge
Robert Miller's transition to senior status in January 2016.
Judicial selection commissions have a long history in Indiana. On
November 21, 1980, Indiana Senators Richard Lugar and Dan Quayle formed
the "Indiana Merit Commission on Federal Judicial Appointments." This
commission recruited, interviewed, investigated and made final
recommendations for federal appointments for over 20 years. At the
state level, the seven member Judicial Nominating Commission currently
recommends applicants to the Governor to fill vacancies on the Indiana
Supreme Court, the Court of Appeals, and the Tax Court.
We need to ensure that fair and qualified public servants with Hoosier
common-sense are chosen for these important roles. The citizens of
Indiana will be best served by a nomination process that is taken
completely out of politics. I hope we can establish an equitable
process for the remainder of this Congress that focuses on vacancies
where workloads are most urgent.
Coats in the News
Indiana senator calls for judicial nominating commission
ICYMI: Waste of the Week
Coats, Bipartisan Group Introduce Bill to Roll Back "Clean Power Plan"
Tax Day testimony
Business leaders to meet with D.C. officials
_____
Stay Connected
_____
Coats with Hoosiers
I enjoyed meeting with recent graduates of Ivy Tech in Lafayette.
_____
To unsubscribe please
Click Here
Contact Me
Latest News
A message
from Senator Dan Coats
Dear
Friend,
Thank you for signing up to receive my email
newsletter. These newsletters will cover a variety of topics,
including
events happening in Indiana, legislation being
considered
in Congress, and my perspective on current issues.
My
hope is to keep you updated and informed on how issues in Washington may impact Hoosiers. I welcome your
feedback.
Thanks for reading,
Dan Coats
Cutting Federal Spending on Printing and Travel
In this week's installment of Waste of the Week, I discussed how federal agencies can achieve $10
billion in savings by reducing non-essential printing and travel costs.
In remarks on the Senate floor, I called on all federal agencies and Congress to examine what is
spent on printing, travel and vehicles. According to the National Commission on Fiscal Responsibility
and Reform, we can achieve at least $10 billion in future savings by requiring federal agencies to eliminate
and reprioritize spending in the areas of printing, travel and vehicles.
When I served on the Senate Appropriations Committee, I secured appropriations language that encouraged
federal agencies to submit a plan for reducing operating expenses by placing greater scrutiny on overhead
costs. I asked these agencies to consider how savings could be achieved by reducing non-essential travel,
office supplies, rent, and utility costs. While I have been heartened to see recent reductions in printing
costs by some federal agencies, much, much more can be done.
Indiana is a great example of success in this area. When Mitch Daniels was Indiana&#8217;s Governor,
he had an aide place pennies on the back tire of state-owned vehicles. Months later, the aide went to
back see which of the pennies were still on the tires. If a penny remained, it indicated that the cars
had not been driven. Roughly 2,500 unused state vehicles were sold off. This totaled about 1/3 of the
state&#8217;s fleet.
As Congress begins working on fiscal year 2016 appropriations bills,
I am proposing that Congress place language in these appropriations bills requiring all federal agencies
to reduce spending in the areas of printing, travel and vehicles by ten percent. This effort is about
prioritizing and economizing. Trimming waste and excess in these areas through a ten percent reduction
will save at least $10 billion.
Commission
to Fill Judicial Vacancies
This
week I called for the establishment of an Indiana Federal Nominating Commission to make recommendations
on judicial vacancies in the Hoosier state.
There are currently three such vacancies
in Indiana: the United States Court of Appeals for the Seventh Circuit, the U.S. District Court for the
Southern District of Indiana and the United States Attorney for the Southern District of Indiana. An
additional vacancy will arise on the U.S. District Court for the Northern District of Indiana upon Judge
Robert Miller&#8217;s transition to senior status in January 2016.
Judicial selection commissions have a long history in Indiana. On November 21, 1980, Indiana Senators
Richard Lugar and Dan Quayle formed the &#8220;Indiana Merit Commission on Federal Judicial Appointments.&#8221;
This commission recruited, interviewed, investigated and made final recommendations for federal appointments
for over 20 years. At the state level, the seven member Judicial Nominating Commission currently recommends
applicants to the Governor to fill vacancies on the Indiana Supreme Court, the Court of Appeals, and
the Tax Court.
We need to ensure that fair and qualified public servants with Hoosier common-sense are chosen
for these important roles. The citizens of Indiana will be best served by a nomination process that is
taken completely out of politics. I hope we can establish an equitable process for the remainder of this
Congress that focuses on vacancies where workloads are most urgent.
Coats
in the News
Indiana
senator calls for judicial nominating commission
ICYMI:
Waste of the Week
Coats,
Bipartisan Group Introduce Bill to Roll Back &#8220;Clean Power Plan&#8221;
Tax
Day testimony
Business
leaders to meet with D.C. officials
Stay
Connected
Coats with Hoosiers
I
enjoyed meeting with recent graduates of Ivy Tech in Lafayette.
To
unsubscribe please
Click
Here
Contact
Me Latest
News
