
If you are having trouble viewing
this message or would like to share it on a social network, you can
view the message
online .
May 24, 2015
Website
|
About Me
|
Contact Me
|
Serving You
|
Media Center
|
Legislative Work
|
Our District
|
Resources
PEARCE INTRODUCES BILL TO SECURE NEW MEXICOS
SOUTHERN BORDER
U.S. Rep. Steve Pearce issued this
statement announcing the introduction of H.R. 2467, legislation that
will help protect New Mexicos local communities, secure its southern
border and strengthen national security.
It has been one
year since the President misused the Antiquities Act to unilaterally
seize 500,000 acres in southern New Mexico, said Pearce. Not only did
this monument designation disregard the concerns of the people in
southern New Mexico, it also has prevented proper border security measures
from being carried out. We have seen this issue play out in Arizona at
the Organ Pipe Cactus National Monument, which has become a human and
drug smuggling corridor.
We cannot afford for this to
happen in New Mexico and we must not restrict the access of border patrol
agents who work to ensure our safety. This bill does not change the
size of, or, the monument. It simply ensures that the United States
Border Patrol has unfettered access to the monument to serve the people
of southern New Mexico and safeguard our nation. I call on my
colleagues in the House to move this important legislation as soon as
possible, Pearce added.
PEARCE VOTES TO
SEND ANTI-TRAFFICKING BILL TO PRESIDENTS DESK
By a
vote of 420-3, the House of Representatives passed the Justice for
Victims of Trafficking Act (S. 178), to combat horrific crimes
perpetrated on thousands of American victims. Following his vote to pass the
bill and send it to the Presidents desk for signature, U.S. Rep. Steve
Pearce released this statement:
Human trafficking is a
despicable ageless crime that targets everyone from children and teens to
adults.
Often leading to sexual slavery, trafficking relies on
kidnapping, child pornography, prostitution, and rape to perpetuate
itself.
Trafficking human beings must be rooted out and
completely destroyed, stated Pearce.
In January, I was
pleased to vote for 10 House-passed bills aimed at aiding victims and
eradicating this evil industry. The legislation approved today contains
several of those bipartisan measures and will go a long way to hunt down
and end this act at the source.
It will help expedite the arrest
and prosecution of traffickers, while also providing support to aid
and help victims reclaim their lives.
The job is not done, and
Congress must continue to work with the nation to end this terrible
practice.
I applaud this bipartisan effort and I call upon the
President to sign this critical legislation immediately, Pearce
concluded.
NOTE: Pearce has cosponsored legislation to combat this
modern form of slavery and worked with groups like Truckers Against
Trafficking to raise awareness and advance community action. Human
trafficking continues to affect more than an estimated 20 million victims
worldwide, including hundreds of children and adults in New
Mexico.
PEARCE PRAISES PASSAGE OF
BILLS TO BOOST JOB-CREATING RESEARCH &amp;
DEVELOPMENT
The House of Representatives passed the American Research and
Competitiveness Act (H.R. 880) and the America COMPETES Reauthorization Act
(H.R. 1806) -- bills that would incentivize research and development,
promote innovation, and create good-paying jobs.
U.S. Rep. Steve
Pearce issued this statement:
Scientific research and
development has and continues to improve our lives. From new medical
treatments, to a new microchip improving computing power
innovation has
long transformed life in the United States and around the world.
Congress must continue to promote and support these efforts. Passage
of HR 880 and HR 1806 will support this goal nationwide, stated
Pearce.
The United States has long been in the business of
changing the world. From President Kennedy demanding that our nation reach
the moon within a decade and our scientists meeting the challenge, to
the creation of Google, which was supported by NSF grants
American
discovery has led to countless amazing creations and milestones.
I cannot wait to see how the researchers and scientists, benefiting
from the Houses continued commitment to their work, will change the
world in the years to come.
New Mexico has a long history as
a hub of technological innovation. From our national labs and
universities, to businesses creating products and procedures revolutionizing
their respective industries, the state plays an important role in
technological advancement. A fundamental component of any business ability
to grow and develop is budget certainty. Passage of HR 880 provides
this certainty by making research and development tax credits a
permanent fixture in the tax code. With this addition, businesses will have
the confidence to push for greater development and expansion, leading
to greater growth and job creation, something our state and nation
desperately need.
The American Research
and Competitiveness Act would simplify and make permanent the
tax credit for research and development. This temporary credit has been
repeatedly extended since 1981. Making it permanent would encourage
innovation in manufacturing, technology, and energy development -- among
other job-creating industries.
The
America COMPETES Act increases investments for basic energy
research at the Department of Energy (DOE), as well as critical research in
biology, chemistry, physics, computer science, engineering and
mathematics at the National Science Foundation (NSF), while keeping overall
spending at Fiscal Year 2015 appropriated
levels.
CHECK OUT CONGRESSIONAL REVIEW WITH CONGRESSMAN STEVE
PEARCE
Have you heard "Congressional Review" this
week? Every weekend, I'm on the radio across New Mexico discussing
important legislation, events in New Mexico, and my work in Congress. Be
sure to tune in! If you haven't heard the show, call your local radio
station to ask when Congressional Review is on the air in your
hometown!
To listen to this week's Congressional Review,
click
here.
Remember, I always look
forward to hearing your thoughts on how to help job growth, veterans, and
other issues important to New Mexicans.
If you have any ideas,
suggestions, or concerns, you can contact my office through
Facebook ,
Twitter ,
my website
or by calling
855-4-PEARCE.
Washington, DC
2432 Rayburn House Office Building |
Washington, DC 20515
Phone: 855-4-PEARCE (732723) or (202)
225-2365
Las Cruces
570 N
Telshor Blvd
Las Cruces, NM 88011
Phone: 855-4-PEARCE
(732723)
Roswell
1717 W 2nd Street, Suite 100
Roswell, NM
88201
Phone: 855-4-PEARCE (732723)
Socorro
111
School of Mines Road
Socorro, NM 87801
Phone: 855-4-PEARCE
(732723)
Alamogordo
1101 New
York Avenue, Room 115
Alamogordo, NM 88310
Phone: 855-4-PEARCE
(732723)
Hobbs
200 East Broadway, Suite 200
Hobbs, NM
88240
Phone: 855-4-PEARCE (732723)
Los Lunas
3445
Lambros Loop NE
Los Lunas, NM 87031
Phone: 855-4-PEARCE
(732723)
Update My Profile
-
Unsubscribe
-
Privacy
Policy
gateway mail end
