
Last week in the House...
In the House last week I supported :
-H.R. 160, the Protect Medical Innovation Act of 2015-
This bill repeals the 2.3% tax placed on medical devices that was created through Obamacare. This tax has prevented many small businesses from flourishing and repealing it will allow small businesses to not only compete in Georgia, but remain on the cutting edge of technological advances in medicine. As we await the Supreme Court decision in
King v. Burwell , which could lead to the dismantling of Obamacare altogether, I am proud to support all legislation that undercuts this disastrous law while we work towards our ultimate goal of repeal.
-H.R. 2146- Trade Priorities and Accountability Act-
This bill is identical to the Trade Promotion Authority legislation passed by the House on June 12th. In case you missed it, please read more about Trade Promotion Authority below:
TPA
To Learn More About My Vote Please Click
Here
Here are the Highlights:
TPA is the framework provided by Congress to the Executive branch for negotiating trade agreements and is in no way a trade agreement in and of itself.
TPA does not give away American sovereignty over any of our nations laws, regulations, or our Constitution.
TPA Scorecard: 150 vs. 0
Under TPA, there are over 150 Congressional Directives which create a strong system of checks and balances the Executive Branch must adhere to when negotiating trade deals on behalf of the United States. Voting down TPA does not curtail the Presidents authority to negotiate trade agreements; rather it gives the Executive branch carte blanche to negotiate however it sees fit without Congressional oversight. TPA therefore provides for greater Congressional oversight and transparency.
If the President, whoever it may be, does not adhere to the 150 parameters provided by Congress when negotiating trade agreements on behalf of our country, TPA can be switched off by Congress.
*Reading the bill will help separate fact from fiction. For instance, page 50 outlines the Congressional oversight mechanisms put in place. Page 85 requires full public disclosure of all future trade agreements. Pages 89-91 include the mechanisms to stop President Obama if he does not negotiate within the framework provided by Congress. Page 102 guarantees supremacy of our laws and that only Congress can change them. Please click on the
link
I have provided to read this legislation for yourself.
TPA for a stronger Georgia Economy. . .
Why does TPA matter for Georgia and the Tenth District?
Trade supports 1 out of every 5 jobs in Georgia, which is 1.2 million jobs statewide.
4,895 jobs in Georgias Tenth Congressional District are supported by trade
Trade accounts for 12.85% of Georgia economy
Georgia tops the country in pulp &amp; paperboard exports at $3.3 billion
22.500 agricultural business jobs rely on trade, and in 2013, Georgia exported $3.8 billion in agricultural commodities
TPA- What it is and What it isn't. . .
Top TPA Myths :
Myth 1: TPA and U.S. FTAs are unconstitutional and undemocratic!
Myth 2: TPA grants the president new and unlimited powers!
Myth 3: TPA sets legally binding congressional rules for U.S. trade negotiations!
Myth 4: Once TPA is approved, Congress will be powerless to stop TPP or other FTAs!
Myth 5: TPP is being negotiated via a dangerous and unprecedented level of secrecy!
Myth 6: FTAs, completed via TPA, undermine U.S. sovereignty!
Myth 7: TPP is a secret backdoor for a parade of horribles (and TPA lets that happen)!
Myth 8: FTAs (and free trade generally) benefit large corporations at the expense of working people!
Myth 9: TPA doesnt matter!
WHAT IS TPA?
Don't Just Take it From Me. . .
The following is a small sample of those supporting TPA:
Sen. Ted Cruz
Caterpillar Inc.
Rep. Steve King
The Coca-Cola Company
Rep. Tim Huelskamp
Georgia Farm Bureau
Sen. Joni Ernst
International Paper
Sen. Ben Sasse
Georgia Department of Agriculture
Rep. Trey Gowdy
Georgia-Pacific
Chairman Jeb Hensarling
Georgia Poultry Federation
Rep. Matt Salmon
The Home Depot
Rep. Tom Price
Lockheed Martin
Rep. Tom Graves
Business Roundtable
Rep. Barry Loudermilk
National Cattlemens Beef Association
Sen. Johnny Iskason
National Chicken Council
Sen. David Perdue
National Retail Federation
National Small Business Association
Citizens Against Government Waste
Aflac
Heritage Foundation
United Technologies Corporation
FreedomWorks
UPS
National Taxpayers Union
American Farm Bureau Federation
American Conservative Union
Americans for Tax Reform
The American Legion
Writing In On TPA. . .
Here are a few contributions about TPA:
Free Trade is a Core Conservative Principle
by RedState
Putting Congress in Charge on Trade
by Paul Ryan and Ted Cruz
Top Nine Myths About Trade Promotion Authority and The Trans-Pacific - by Scott Lincicome for the Federalist
The Conservative Case for Trade Promotion Authority
by Chairman Jeb Hensarling
America must lead on trade: Congress should pass Trade Promotion Authority (TPA) and advance free markets
by Fox News
The Conservative Case For Passing Trade Promotion Authority
by Larry Kudlow, Arthur Laffer, and Stephen Moore
Dont Call It Obamatrade
by National Review Editors
An American Trade Watershed
by The Wall Street Journal
Free trade is not a free hand for the president
by The Hill
Thank you so much for reading my newsletter! Please contact any of my offices with any questions or concerns you may have. Have a blessed weekend!
WEBSITE
|
UNSUBSCRIBE
|
CONTACT
Click Here Click Here