
If you are having
trouble viewing this message or would like to share it on a social
network, you can
view the
message online .
April 9, 2015
WEBSITE
ABOUT
CONTACT
SERVICES
MEDIA
CENTER
ISSUES
Bipartisan Support for
Investigation : On Wednesday, Congressman Poliquin offered an amendment to the
Commerce, Justice Science and Related Agencies Appropriations Bill.
Congressman Poliquins amendment would have restored the International
Trade Administrations funding levels to the pre-Sequester level of
$516.1 million ,
while removing $47.1 million from the
Census Bureau.
This figure accounts for less than 5% of the Census
current funding levels in the CJS Bill.
Congressman Poliquin withdrew the amendment upon securing
bipartisan support, on the House floor, from House Appropriations
Commerce, Justice, Science, and Related Agencies Subcommittee Chairman John
Culberson (R-TX) and Ranking Member Chaka Fattah(D-PA). He is glad to
earn additional support from his colleagues and raise awareness to this
issue. Be sure to watch the video of Congressman Poliquin securing
support:
Letter to EPA on Boiler MACT Regulations : On
Thursday, Congressman Poliquin and Congressman Mick Mulvaney (R-SC) wrote to
Environmental Protection Agency Administrator, Gina McCarthy,
expressing their concerns with the implementation of the new Boiler MACT
regulations.
This shift in
position imposes unfair and unplanned costs on the entire industry. We are
told these planned rules would require the two mills in Maine and
South Carolina to spend millions of dollars on additional compliance that
could otherwise be invested in efficiency, safety, and job creation in
our home states and across the country. We therefore ask that the EPA
follow its own regulations and not hold opacity to the same standards
as particulate matter in measuring the allowable levels of emissions
for paper mills.
Strengthening Our Fishing Community : On Monday,
Congressman Poliquin voted to strengthen Maines fishing community by
supporting the
Strengthening Fishing Communities and Increasing Flexibility in
Fisheries Management Act .
Regional fisheries, not Washington bureaucrats, know what is
best to help strengthen and grow their industry. Fishing is a way of
life for Mainers and I will continue to support bills that help
protect our rich tradition.
Tell a Friend
E-mail:
E-mail Updates
Yes, please periodically
send me e-mail updates.*
*By subscribing to my
e-mail updates, you are authorizing me to send
regular e-mail updates from my office to your e-mail
account.
No Free Lunches at the Ex-Im
Bank : On Wednesday, Congressman Bruce Poliquin questioned
Export-Import Bank Chairman, Fred P. Hochberg, at a Financial Services
Committee hearing.
Over the past 5
years at the Export-Import Bank: 48 convictions for fraud, an average of
37 on-going investigations for fraud and corruption, 66 years of jail
time and $224 million of fines. This type of on-going mismanagement is
not acceptable and should not be rewarded. Below is Congressman
Poliquins questioning with Ex-Im Chair, Fred Hochberg:
Week Ahead : To honor
and thank Maines heroes, Congressman Poliquin will be speaking at the
American Veterans State Convention in Auburn. Saturday, June 6, also
marks the 71 st
anniversary of operation D-Day. Congressman
Poliquin expressed the following:
Today, we remember and honor those who answered
the ultimate call of duty by storming the beaches of Normandy in order
to liberate Western Europe from Nazi Germany and protect our
freedoms. Please join me in remembering those who fought to protect our
American way of life during World War II, and every conflict before and
after.
OFFICE LOCATIONS
Washington, DC
Office
426 Cannon House Office Building
Washington, DC 20515
Phone: (202) 225-6306 |
Fax: (202) 225-2943
Bangor Office
6 State Street,
Suite 101
Bangor, ME 04401
Phone:
(207) 942-0583 |
Fax: (207) 942-7101
Lewiston Office
179 Lisbon Street
Lewiston, ME 04240
Phone: (207) 784-0768 |
Fax: (207) 784-5672
Presque Isle Office
631 Main
Street,
Suite 2
Presque Isle, ME 04769
Phone: (207) 764-1968 |
Fax: (207) 764-2822
Update My Profile
-
Unsubscribe
-
Privacy Policy
gateway mail end
