
Around the District
State of the County
Thank you to the Santa Clarita Valley Chamber of Commerce, the County of Los Angeles, and Supervisor Michael D. Antonovich for hosting a great State of the County Luncheon last week and for giving me the opportunity to speak.
Giving an address at the State of the County
Memorial Day
This past Monday was Memorial Day, which is a time to reflect on the courageous sacrifices our men and women in uniform make for our country. I had the distinct honor of speaking at the Memorial Day event at Eternal Valley Memorial Park in Santa Clarita. Thank you to those who attended, and more importantly thank you to the brave men and women who have given their lives for our country.
Speaking at the Memorial Day event at Eternal Valley
Art Competition
On May 26, we held a reception to recognize Alex Farrell from Bowman High School for winning the 2015 Congressional Art Competition in our district. He and his family will be flying to Washington, DC in June to attend a reception in his honor at the Capitol. Congratulations Alex!
Congratulations to Alex Farrell!
Around the Capitol
USO Service Project
On May 20th I built care packages for our deployed troops at the USO Service Project on Capitol Hill. Our men and women in uniform sacrifice so much for us every day and deserve to know how much we appreciate them. If you'd like to get involved with the care package program, please visit
their website .
Taking part in the USO Capitol Service Project
Meeting with Bureau of Land Management
Last week, I met with Jim Kenna, California State Director of Bureau of Land Management about a path forward on preventing CEMEX from mining in Soledad Canyon. We made great progress on the issue and made plans to bring his agency, the City of Santa Clarita and CEMEX together here in Washington, DC to discuss a solution.
Competes Act
I spoke on the House floor in support of the COMPETES Act, which will help drive STEM education and spur innovation in our economy both nationally and in our communities specifically. Watch the full speech
here . On May 20th The Act passed the House on a vote of 217 to 205.
Speaking on the House Floor about the COMPETES Act
SPACE Act
Im proud that the SPACE Act, a bill I co-sponsored and amended, passed the House floor on May 21st by a vote of 284 to 133. This legislation would bring certainty and stability to the growing commercial space market.
Around the Corner
44th annual Boys &amp; Girls Club of Santa Clarita Valley Benefit Auction
Friday, June 5, 5:30-11pm
Hyatt Regency Valencia, 24500 Town Center Drive, Valencia
Lancaster Performing Arts Center Gala and Grand Auction
Saturday, June 6, 6pm
Lancaster Performing Arts Center, 750 West Lancaster Boulevard, Lancaster
Leona Valley's 42nd Annual Cherry Parade &amp; Festival
Saturday, June 6, 2015 10am-5 pm
90th Street West and Leona Ave, Leona Valley
EDD Small Business Seminar: Federal/State Tax and Payroll Basics
Thursday, June 25, 9am-3:30pm
America's Job Center of California, Simi Valley Room, 980 Enchanted Way, Simi Valley
WEBSITE
|
UNSUBSCRIBE
|
CONTACT
Click Here Click Here