
If you are
having trouble viewing this message or would like to share it on a
social network, you can
view the message online .
May 14, 2015
Unsubscribe
Update My
Profile
Website
|
About Doug
|
Constituent Services
|
Issues &amp;
Legislation
|
News
|
Contact Doug
Addressing the Annual Missile Defense
Forum
5/14/15
This week, Congressman Doug Lamborn delivered a
keynote address at the 13th Annual Ronald Reagan Missile Defense
Forum.
Text of Speech
Good morning. Thank you first and foremost to Admiral Syring for the
invitation to speak this morning. As you all know, Admiral Syring is a
huge asset for the Missile Defense Agency. His leadership has been vital
as the MDA has faced challenging budget environments. Admiral Syring
is very well respected on Capitol Hill and I am grateful for all the
time he has given me, both here in Washington and at the Missile
Defense Integration and Operations Center, or MDIOC, in my district just
outside Colorado Springs. Speaking of Colorado Springs, Im sure there
are a few folks in industry and government here today from Colorado
Springs. Im extremely proud of the contribution that my constituents make
to missile defense system, which is part of why I co-chair the
Missile Defense Caucus. In fact, just three weeks ago, we hosted a number of
industry partners for the second Missile Defense Day on the Hill.
Unfortunately, the Speaker cut votes short for the week, so we didnt get
as many members of Congress as last time, but it was still a great
day. And thank you Admiral Syring for letting General Todorov come to
that event. His participation was a great
addition.
Were obviously here today to talk about the
importance of missile defense. Or more specifically, the importance of a
strong and reliable missile defense system. The fact that we can hit a
bullet with a bullet is stunning, but it doesnt do much good if it
isnt a part of a system that provides reliable protection to the
homeland. The good news is that we have a reliable system today and each day
it is getting more reliable, thanks to the work of many of you in this
room. In addition to protecting American citizens 24 hours a day, 365
days a year, this missile defense system actually changes how our
potential adversaries think -- and in a good way. A credible missile
defense system reduces the value of long-range ballistic missiles to rogue
regimes. And most importantly it prevents America from ever being
held hostage by threats from rogue regimes. Missile defense actually
changes the strategic environment for the
better.
Now missile defense has not always been a bipartisan
issue. As many of you well know, there have been critics of missile
defense for decades, but there is now strong bipartisan support in
Congress for missile defense. Yes, there are still occasional detractors and
yes, there are still some areas of missile defense where partisan
lines emerge, but by and large there is consensus that missile defense is
important. Part of this consensus is that missile defense has proven
itself. The most high profile example is obviously Iron Dome. And
while that is different in many important ways from what you all spend
most of your time working on, I think it unmistakably showed the
real-world value of missile defenses. If you can shoot down a rocket or a
missile headed for your country, your political leaders have more space to
make decisions in responding to the attack. But Im preaching to the
choir on this, so let me move on.
Let me offer a few ideas of where I think we need to take our
missile defense system. First, we need to continue investing in our
current system to make sure it is robust and reliable. Just a few miles from
my house is NORTHCOM. Admiral Gortney and his team, through the
Colorado National Guardsmen at the 100th Missile Defense Brigade--they are
the warfighters. They need a robust and reliable system that is ready
to go on a moments notice. We must continue improving our
ground-based interceptors. I am glad to see the CE2 interceptors being deployed,
and Im glad that our plans to put more GBIs in the ground in Alaska
seem to be on track. We also need to ensure that the backbone of BMDS
is strong and secure. The sensors and command &amp; control
architecture needs to provide warfighters and decision makers with what they need
quickly and reliably. To ensure all of this, I believe that we need
more testing. We need more ground testing, we need more flight testing,
we need more exercising, and so on. I know this costs money, but
testing is critical if we want to have a reliable
system.
Second, we need to improve our sensor
architecture. Our interceptors are only as good as the sensors that guide
them. The Long Range Discriminating Radar (or LRDR) in Alaska will play a
key part in this. I know that Admiral Syring and Admiral Gortney are
talking about the best place to put this radar, and I am very
supportive of this going forward. But we also need to look at other sensors as
well, and we need to make sure that we can use existing sensor data
well.
This leads me to my third
area where we need to invest--space. I believe that space-based
sensors, and perhaps more than sensors in the future, are key to the future
of missile defense. We obviously already rely on space for missile
warning, but we should do more. The Space Tracking and Surveillance
System (STSS) demonstration has proven itself to be very effective. If you
arent familiar with what theyve been able to do with just two
satellites, you should go learn about it. It is clear that some sort of
space sensor layer could provide critical track and discrimination
ability. In fact, the National Defense Authorization Act that will be on the
floor of the House later today, includes a provision I added
encouraging the MDA to move forward on developing a space sensor architecture.
As you may know, the MDA actually has a very exciting space program
underway right now that has a great acronym: SKA. Its the Space-based
Kill Assessment. I cant say too much about it in this venue, except
that the team at MDAs space unit are doing great work, and may actually
be showing the rest of the DOD how to think creatively and affordably
about space systems.
The
fourth area is kind of an obvious catchall, but must be discussed. We need
to continue to invest in advanced technologies. We can hit a bullet
with a bullet, but we cant be content there. We need to bend the cost
curve, and we need to change when and where we can intercept missiles.
I also happen to co-chair the Directed Energy Caucus, and I think
directed energy is crucial to the future of missile defense. MDA has some
directed energy work currently, and more proposed in FY16, but myself
and others in Congress believe we must prioritize our investments in
directed energy if we want to stay ahead of the competition and bend
the cost curve. Directed energy can be used as a sensor, but also
hopefully, eventually, as a means of intercept. Other emerging technologies
also need to be invested in, such as
railgun.
Underlying all of these areas of focus is one obvious
need: increased funding. The increases this year for ground-based
missile defense are good, but far from sufficient. The Budget Control Act
is partly to blame, as it imposed the spending caps and
sequestration. I voted against that deal and I am actively advocating in Congress
to get rid of it. But this is only one part of the missile defense
funding challenge. The other part, frankly, seems to be the priorities of
this administration. This administration has been consistently
whittling away at the missile defense budget. After then-Secretary of Defense
Chuck Hagel announced the increased number of GBIs in Alaska, the
next budget request actually was lower for missile defense. The pace and
seriousness of the threat seems to have brought increased policy
support for missile defense, but the funding is still below what it ought
to be. This year the Presidents budget request went up by roughly
$600 million, but it is still $1.2 billion below the last year of the
Bush Administration. And the out-years for this years budget request
would cut missile defense funding to a record low even for this
administration.
So, Im obviously
concerned about missile defense funding. Yes, we need to address the budget
caps and sequestration, but this is primarily a question of priority
of this administration. We are entering a new missile age and robust
missile defenses are a must. Missile defense is vitally important and
is a mission that cannot fail. I will continue to work with my
colleagues in Congress to promote a strong level of funding for missile
defense and I hope that the administration will promote a strong funding
level for missile defense as
well.
Contact Info
WASHINGTON OFFICE
2402 Rayburn HOB
Washington, DC 20515
Phone: (202) 225-4422
Fax: (202) 226-2638
DISTRICT OFFICE
1125
Kelly Johnson Blvd., Suite 330
Colorado Springs, CO 80920
Phone: (719) 520-0055
Fax: (719) 520-0840
DISTRICT OFFICE
415 Main Street
Buena Vista, CO 81211
Phone: (719)
520-0055
Fax: (719) 520-0840
Update My
Profile
-
Unsubscribe
-
Privacy Policy
gateway mail end
