
Greetings,
We pray for the people throughout the state, and especially in East, Texas, as they continue to recover from the devastating storms that destroyed homes and businesses early this week. It has been remarkable to see our communities come together to help and support our neighbors.
Keep Texas strong,
Ted Cruz
Sen. Cruz Introduces Commercial Space Launch Act
On Tuesday, Sen. Cruz
filed
the Commercial Space Launch Act of 2015 (CSLA) with U.S. Sens. Bill Nelson (D-Fla.), Gary Peters (D-Mich.), Marco Rubio (R-Fla.), and Cory Gardner (R-Colo.) that extends the International Space Station (ISS) until 2024 and ensures stability for the continued development and growth of the U.S. commercial space sector, among other initiatives.
&ldquo;In 1984, President Reagan ushered in a new era of space exploration when he signed the first Commercial Space Launch Act, which recognized the vital role the private sector plays, along with NASA, that will contribute to continued American leadership in space,&rdquo; said Sen. Cruz. &ldquo;The 2015 Commercial Space Launch Act builds on that legacy, keeps the ISS operational through 2024, and encourages dynamic growth of the commercial space industry both here in Texas and across the country.&rdquo;
Various leaders within the space industry have voiced their support for Sen. Cruz's legislation, including the following:
Wayne Rast, Executive Director, Texas Space Alliance : &ldquo;The Texas Space Alliance (TXA) and applauds the noble and heroic efforts being undertaken to advance the cause of space, led by Space, Science and Competitiveness subcommittee Texas Chairman Sen. Cruz, with help from the Texas delegation on the vitally needed Commercial Space Launch Act&hellip;. The TXA unreservedly calls for of passage of the CLSA, and solicits all actors in the space arena to work together to make CLSA a reality.&rdquo;
Bob Mitchell, President, Bay Area Houston Economic Partnership : &ldquo;The Bay Area Houston Economic Partnership supports the development of commercial space capabilities, especially those associated with cargo and crew support to the International Space Station, as part of a balanced space exploration program that includes timely development of the Orion spacecraft and the Space Launch System for human deep space missions, as well as extended operations of scientific research aboard the International Space Station. We are very excited to see the strong support of the ISS extension to 2024 and beyond.&rdquo;
John Sharp, Chancellor, The Texas A&amp;M University System : &ldquo;We are pleased to see that the draft includes an extension of the ISS through at least 2024, and supports continued research experiments and test bed opportunities. Thank you again for your efforts on this legislation and your leadership on NASA issues.&rdquo;
SpaceX : &ldquo;SpaceX supports the Senate's U.S. Commercial Space Launch Act that will help to strengthen overall U.S. commercial space competitiveness, and looks forward to continuing working with Congress as the legislation moves forward.&rdquo;
See additional quotes of support
here .
Sen. Cruz Files Amendment to TPA Legislation
On Wednesday, Sen. Cruz
filed
an amendment to the Trade Act of 2015 to lock in assurances that this legislation cannot be used to change federal immigration law.
&ldquo;The Obama Administration has repeatedly assured Members of Congress that there is nothing in the Trade Act of 2015 that would allow the President to unilaterally make changes to federal immigration laws. I agree, and we should put it in writing and make it binding law,&rdquo; said Sen. Cruz. &ldquo;I am a strong supporter of free trade, but I cannot support legislation that would allow the President to once again circumvent Congress to enact his own immigration laws. Since the Obama Administration has emphatically argued that TPA will not affect immigration, it should support this amendment, which makes that promise explicit.&rdquo;
The amendment states that nothing in the Trade Act of 2015 or in any trade agreement subject to the Act &ldquo;shall alter or affect any law, regulation, or policy relating to immigration.&rdquo;
The amendment also states that any fast-track procedures shall not apply to any implementing bill submitted with respect to a trade agreement &ldquo;that includes any provision that alters or affects any law, regulation, or policy relating to immigration.&rdquo;
Sen. Cruz Sends Letter to Secretary of State
Expressing Concern for Iran Human Rights Violations
U.S. Sen. Ted Cruz (R-Texas), along with Sens. Mike Enzi (R-Wyo.), Johnny Isakson (R-Ga.), Mark Kirk (R-Ill.), David Perdue (R-Ga.), and Marco Rubio (R-Fla.), today sent a letter to U.S. Secretary of State John Kerry expressing strong concern over the ongoing postponement of the State Department's Iran Human Rights Report.
&ldquo;States that routinely oppress their own citizens as a method of survival lack legitimacy and pose security threats to their neighbors,&rdquo; the senators wrote. &ldquo;Accordingly, the question of Iran's nuclear ambitions and its human rights record are inextricably intertwined.&rdquo;
Read the full letter
here .
Sen. Cruz Sends Letter to the CFPB to Ensure Businesses Are Not Unfairly Targeted
On Friday, Sen. Cruz
sent
a letter to Consumer Financial Protection Bureau Director Richard Cordray requesting that he publicly make clear that the agency will not participate in Operation Choke Point or any similar initiative.
Operation Choke Point, as the letter explains is &ldquo;an enforcement initiative designed to pressure banks and other financial institutions to terminate the accounts of certain politically disfavored businesses, such as casinos, tobacco distributors, payment processers, and short-term lenders.
Even gun stores, which engage in constitutionally protected activity under the Second Amendment, were targeted.&rdquo;
Based on this initiative, Sen. Cruz expressed concern that the CFPB may be participating in similar discrimination: &ldquo;The recent lawsuit you filed against various debt collectors and payment processers concerns us greatly, as the suit targets certain payment processors that even you acknowledge did nothing illegal,&rdquo; Sen. Cruz wrote.
Read the full letter
here .
A Regional Update from East Texas Regional Director Daniel Alders
Severe weather has brought unexpected trials to many Texans, and our team has been working hard to assist those in need. From damaging tornadoes in North and East Texas, and severe floods across the state, to a sinkhole in Granbury, many have suffered loss. We lift them up in our thoughts and prayers.
The East Texas town of Van was hit especially hard, suffering loss of lives and significant damage to the town. I have been on the ground receiving updates from local officials and offering support for emergency responders and the Red Cross to ensure that Texans have all they need to recover.
I want to thank the Red Cross for opening six shelters to families who lost lodging, for sending more than 70 disaster workers to affected areas, and providing roughly 1,000 meals to those who have been displaced. We will keep partnering with the community to restore affected areas.
Central Texas Office
300 E. 8th St,
Suite #961
Austin, TX 78701
Phone: (512) 916-5834
North Texas Office
Lee Park Tower II,
3626 N. Hall St., Suite #410
Dallas, TX 75219
Phone: (214) 599-8749
Southeast Texas Office
808 Travis St.,
Suite #1420
Houston, TX 77002
Phone: (713) 718-3057
South/Central Texas Office
9901 IH-10W,
Suite # 950
San Antonio, TX 78230
Phone: (210) 340-2885
East Texas Office
305 S. Broadway,
Suite 501
Tyler, TX 75702
Phone: (903) 593-5130
South Texas Office
200 S. 10th St,
Suite 1603
McAllen, TX 78501
Phone: (956) 686-7339
Washington Office
404 Russell Senate Office
Building
Washington, DC 20510
Phone: (202) 224-5922
If you no longer wish to receive these emails
click here to unsubscribe .
