
FOR IMMEDIATE RELEASE
May 15, 2015
Permalink
Hardy supports Defense Authorization passage
Hardy legislation included to protect military training, aid small businesses
(U.S. Air Force photo/Senior Airman Brett Clashman)
WASHINGTON, D.C.
Congressman Cresent Hardy (NV-4) today supported H.R. 1735, the National Defense Authorization Act (NDAA) for Fiscal Year 2016, which passed the House, 269 to 151.
The NDAA included two pieces of legislation authored by Congressman Hardy: one to protect national security-related training areas, and another to help small businesses seeking contracts with the federal government.
Together, the two pieces of legislation authored by Congressman Hardy and included in the NDAA represent his strong support for the military and his keen awareness of the needs of businesses in his district.
Small Business provision
Regarding H.R. 1583, the Small Business Contractor's Clarification Act,
Congressman Hardy said:
"Small businesses need more clarity on federal government contract rules. My bill solidifies the 'non-manufacturer's rule' in order to clarify that service contracts do not have to meet the same small business requirements as manufactured goods contracts, a move which will pave the way for better opportunities for the businesses in the 4th Congressional District and all across the nation."
H.R. 1583 was part of a package of Small Business Committee legislative proposals to improve the federal contracting process. Many of these provisions were successfully marked up by the Committee on Small Business on March 25, 2015.
In April, House Small Business Committee Chairman Steve Chabot, along with several other Small Business Committee Members including Congressman Carlos Curbelo (FL-26) and Congressman Hardy, testified before the House Armed Services Committee in support of these contracting reforms aimed at increasing small business participation rates.
Regarding passage of the NDAA with the Small Business provisions, including the bill offered by Congressman Hardy,
Chairman Chabot said
that when America's small businesses are given greater opportunity to compete for federal contracts, "it improves quality, reduces costs, and ensures we have a robust industrial base supporting our military."
Read more about this and other small business contracting reforms included in the NDAA
here .
National Security protection
The second piece of legislation authored by Congressman Hardy and included in the final NDAA was an amendment to protect national security-related activities on or above land associated with a Military Operations Area, when the president expands or establishes a national monument under the authority of the Antiquities Act of 1906.
Regarding this
amendment to protect national security , especially in areas like those associated with the Nevada Test and Training Range,
Congressman Hardy said:
In my first few months in office, I've taken the time to understand in detail how activities like those at Nellis Air Force Base and on the Nevada Test and Training Range prepare our troops to overwhelmingly prevail against any enemy, and how changes in associated land use can have direct consequences on this capability. My amendment to the National Defense Authorization Act elevates national security above politics and legacy projects, and gives our military the certainty it needs to adequately train and prepare for current and future conflicts.
This is not about disputing land ownership or the presidents authority to designate a national monument under the Antiquities Act. Rather, it is about correcting a deficiency in the Antiquities Act that could directly impact our militarys readiness.
We must protect Americas national security, and that means ensuring that our military has guaranteed access to land located beneath or associated with Military Operations Areas for essential training and readiness activities.
Read more about this national security amendment
here .
###
Congressman Cresent Hardy represents Nevadas 4th Congressional District. He serves on the House Committee on Natural Resources, the House Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure, and the House Small Business Committee.
WEBSITE
|
UNSUBSCRIBE
|
CONTACT
Click Here Click Here