
MAY
15
News from Senator Ayotte's Office
Dear Friends,
I was honored to welcome members of New Hampshire law enforcement to Washington for National Police Week. This annual memorial held special significance this year as we paid tribute to the life and service of fallen Officer Stephen Arkell of the Brentwood Police Department.
Officer Arkell's name was added to the National Law Officers Memorial wall in Washington and was read aloud with the names of other fallen officers at a candlelight vigil on Wednesday evening.
Police Week is a reminder that our public safety officers risk their lives every day in order to keep us safe. Sadly, New Hampshire has endured tragic losses where law enforcement officers have been killed in the line of duty. When these tragedies occur, the families of our fallen public safety officers should not be saddled with an unfair tax burden. But that has too often been the case due to an ambiguity in the law regarding the tax-treatment of state-based survivor benefits programs. This week, the Senate and House unanimously approved legislation I introduced with Senator Shaheen that clarifies that both federal and state survivor benefits for public safety officers are exempt from federal taxation. This bill is now headed to the president to be signed into law. Scroll down to read more.
During a stop today in Hudson, I visited workers at Mercury Systems to discuss bipartisan legislation the Senate is currently considering to renew Trade Promotion Authority (TPA). TPA is
a tool that would improve U.S. negotiating power when it comes to trade deals, increase transparency, and protect and elevate Congress' role in the trade negotiation process.
Mercury Systems and dozens of New Hampshire businesses have told me that Trade Promotion Authority will help give them fair and equal access to sell their goods and services in new markets, thereby creating jobs in New Hampshire.
I support renewing TPA in order to increase
American trade and create jobs in New Hampshire, and I am glad the Senate is having a full and open debate on this legislation.
Also this week, the Senate Armed Services Committee approved its version of the fiscal year 2016 National Defense Authorization Act, which includes important provisions I fought for to support Portmsouth Naval Shipyard, Pease Air National Guard Base, and the New Hampshire National Guard. See below for more info.
This weekend I'm looking forward to attending the Seacoast Veterans Count's Salute Our Soldiers gala with my husband, and spending time at my kids' sports games. Please read on for further updates from my office and have a great weekend.
Senator Ayotte toured Mercury Systems in Hudson on Friday, where she discussed both Trade Promotion Authority and the Defense Authorization Bill (with Stephen Anderson, VP, Enterprise Operations; Anthony Sweeney, VP, Operations RFM and Philip Juliano, VP, Chief Marketing Officer)
Congress Passes Ayotte, Shaheen Bill to Help Families of Fallen Public Safety Officers
With Senator Shaheen and Congresswoman Kuster welcoming New Hampshire law enforcement officers to Capitol Hill. Click
here
for more photos from Police Week.
The U.S. Senate this week unanimously passed legislation introduced by Senators Ayotte and Jeanne Shaheen
that will ensure that death benefits paid to the families of public safety officers who lose their lives in the line of duty are not subject to federal income tax. The House of Representatives passed the legislation on Tuesday, and it now heads to the president to be signed into law. Last week, Ayotte and Shaheen met with local public safety officers in Bedford to discuss the need for their bill, the Don't Tax Our Fallen Public Safety Heroes Act.
While current law states that federal survivor benefits are not subject to federal taxation, New Hampshire law enforcement personnel have expressed concerns about an ambiguity in the law regarding the tax treatment of similar state-based survivor benefits programs, which has caused some families of fallen public safety officers to experience the burden of determining whether those benefits are taxable income. Ayotte and Shaheen introduced the Don't Tax Our Fallen Public Safety Heroes Act in response to those concerns. The legislation would clarify that both federal and state death benefits for public safety officers should be treated the same and are exempt from federal income tax.
Read More
Fiscal Year 2016 Defense Bill Includes Ayotte Priorities to Support Portsmouth Naval Shipyard, Pease, and the NH National Guard
The Senate Armed Services Committee this week approved its version of the Fiscal Year 2016 defense authorization bill, which includes more than thirty provisions authored by Senator Ayotte. She included language that better equips our troops, improves military readiness, and supports Portsmouth Naval Shipyard, Pease Air National Guard Base, and the New Hampshire National Guard. The defense bill now awaits consideration by the full Senate later this year.
Highlights of Ayotte Provisions: Fighting for Portsmouth Naval Shipyard (PNSY) Workers
As Chair of the Readiness Subcommittee, Ayotte successfully opposed the Administration's request for another Base Realignment and Closure (BRAC) round in 2017. Continuing her strong advocacy for Portsmouth Naval Shipyard workers, Ayotte also included language that makes clear that the Department of Defense should fully reimburse shipyard personnel for the lodging and food expenses associated with long-term temporary duty travel.
Ayotte also worked to include language highlighting the national security value of the Virginia Class submarine, the inability of the Navy to fully meet current combatant commander requests for attack submarines, the anticipated shortfall in attack submarines in coming years, and the need for the Navy to procure two Virginia Class Submarines per year between fiscal years 2016 and 2020.
Ensuring Sailors at PNSY Have Suitable and Safe Barracks
Ayotte, joined by Senators Shaheen and King, worked to include language highlighting the unacceptable condition of the junior enlisted barracks at Portsmouth Naval Shipyard. The language notes that the barracks building there violates current state and federal building and fire codes, does not have an operational fire suppression system, and features heating, ventilation, air conditioning, power distribution, and lighting systems that are at the end of their life cycle. The same barracks building does not have code compliant fresh air ventilation, in addition to frequently suffering from sewage failures, rodent problems, mold problems, and regular hot water failure. The language presses the Navy to expedite the military construction project to tear down the current barracks and replace it with a new barracks so that the junior enlisted sailors at Portsmouth have the safe and suitable housing they deserve.
Shortening Wait-Times at DoD Child Development Centers Ayotte successfully included language to hold DoD accountable for reducing unacceptable wait times at child development centers-including the child development center at Portsmouth Naval Shipyard. The child development center there currently has a wait time that exceeds nine months, and more than 110 children are waiting to enroll. Ayotte's language requires the Secretary of Defense to submit a report detailing wait times at DoD child development centers around the world and presses the department to reduce those wait times.
Holding the Air Force Accountable for the Haven Well Contamination
Senator Ayotte, joined by Senator Shaheen, worked to include language that presses the Air Force to identify and notify those who may have been exposed to perfluorinated chemicals (PFCs) that were found last year in the Haven Well in Portsmouth. The presence of PFCs is likely due to the Air Force's past use of firefighting foam at Pease. The language requires the Air Force to report to Congress on its progress by September 30.
Read More
Ayotte Introduces Bill to Help States Repair Deficient Bridges
Senator Ayotte announced this week that she has introduced legislation that would help New Hampshire and other states repair or maintain bridges classified as deficient. The Strengthening America's Bridges Act is based on an amendment that Ayotte introduced earlier this year during consideration of the Keystone bill. The legislation would create the Strengthening America's Bridges Fund and authorize the U.S. Department of Transportation to provide grants to states to repair or replace bridges -- addressing an important need in New Hampshire, where almost one-third of bridges are classified as structurally deficient or functionally obsolete.
"Almost a third of New Hampshire's bridges are in need of replacement or repair, presenting public safety and transportation challenges for Granite Staters. My legislation would reduce fraud associated with the Additional Child Tax Credit and use those savings to pay for important infrastructure projects like repairing and replacing deficient bridges," said Senator Ayotte.
According to the Federal Highway Administration, as of December 2014, about one-third of New Hampshire's 2,467 bridges are rated structurally deficient or functionally obsolete. Ayotte's amendment would make a simple fix in the tax code to require that filers' children have Social Security Numbers in order to qualify for the Additional Child Tax Credit (ACTC), which the Joint Committee on Taxation estimates could save an estimated $20 billion over 10 years. The savings would be used to finance the Strengthening America's Bridges Fund and allow the Department of Transportation to work with New Hampshire to replace or repair these bridges.
Read More
Ayotte, Johnson and Warner Introduce Bill to Require IRS to Notify Victims of Identity Theft
Senators Ayotte, Ron Johnson (R-Wis.) and Mark Warner (D-Va.) and introduced a bill Wednesday to require the Internal Revenue Service to notify potential victims of identity theft, something the agency has failed to do in the past.
The Social Security Identity Defense Act of 2015 would require the IRS to notify an individual if the agency has reason to believe the individual's Social Security number has been fraudulently used. It also requires that the IRS notify law enforcement and that the Social Security Administration notify employers who submit fraudulently used Social Security numbers. The bill adds civil penalties and extends jail time for those who fraudulently use an individual's Social Security number.
Senator Ayotte said, "The IRS can and must do better when it comes to protecting and notifying victims of tax-related identity theft. Our legislation will help ensure that identity theft victims in New Hampshire and across the country are properly notified, provide additional tools to combat tax fraud, and establish stricter penalties for tax-related identity theft."
Read More
Ayotte Urges Support for Bipartisan Bill to Claw Back VA Bonuses
Testifying before the Senate Veterans' Affairs Committee this week, U.S. Senator Ayotte urged her colleagues to support bipartisan legislation she introduced with Senator Claire McCaskill (D-MO) that would take back bonuses paid to VA employees who were involved in the manipulation of electronic waitlists. The House of Representatives passed a related bill earlier this year.
Because the VA used wait-time metrics as a factor in determining employee bonuses, some VA employees were incentivized to use secret waitlists to artificially inflate compliance data in order to maximize their bonus payments. According to one report, employees at the Phoenix VA hospital received approximately $10 million in bonuses since 2011, while simultaneously using secret waitlists to hide delays in patients receiving care. In addition, the VA paid out $278 million in bonuses in 2013, millions of which went to employees in facilities being investigated for wait list manipulations.
"It's outrageous that VA employees who deliberately manipulated waitlists received bonus pay at taxpayers' expense," said Ayotte at this week's hearing. "I urge you all to work with me and with Senator McCaskill to pass this legislation to make sure that individuals who perpetrated the wait list fraud are held fully accountable and that they pay back the bonuses they should never have received."
Read More
Ayotte Co-Sponsors Protecting Our Infants Act
Senator Ayotte announced this week that she is co-sponsoring legislation introduced by Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell (R-KY) and Senator Robert Casey (D-PA) that would direct the Department of Health and Human Services (HHS) to develop a strategy to address the alarming number of infants diagnosed with newborn withdrawal after being exposed to opioids while in the womb.
The Protecting Our Infants Act would also direct HHS Secretary Burwell to develop recommendations for preventing and treating prenatal opioid abuse and for treating infants born dependent on opioids. The legislation would also encourage the Director of the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention (CDC) to work with states to help them improve their public health response to this epidemic.
"New Hampshire is facing a growing opioid and prescription drug abuse epidemic, and infant withdrawal is a heart-breaking consequence of this sad reality," said Senator Ayotte. "We must work diligently to address all repercussions that result from drug abuse, I am co-sponsoring this important legislation because I believe that we must do everything we can do address the alarming opioid and prescription drug abuse problem in New Hampshire and across the country. Further, I am encouraged that this legislation supports cooperation on federal, state and local levels, because that is the only way that we will end this epidemic."
Read More
Photos of the Week
Senator Ayotte purchased cans in support of the New Hampshire Food Bank's "Nothing Campaign" in Nashua on Friday
Chatting with City Year CEO Michael Brown about the organization's great work in NH
With New Hampshire members of the ALS Association, Doug and Barb Tremlett, of Nashua
Speaking with New Hampshire law enforcement officers in Washington
With the Hyotte family of Nashua during this week's Coffee with Kelly
Warm Regards,
Kelly Ayotte
United States Senator
Email Kelly
Manchester Office
1200 Elm Street, Suite 2
Manchester, NH 03101 Phone:
603-622-7979
Nashua Office
144 Main Street
Nashua, NH 03060 Phone:
603-880-3335
North Country Office 19 Pleasant Street, Suite 13B
Berlin, NH 03570 Phone:
603-752-7702 Fax:
603-752-7704
Portsmouth Office
14 Manchester Square, Ste 140
Portsmouth, NH 03801 Phone:
603-436-7161
Washington, DC
144 Russell Senate Office Building
Washington, DC 20510
Phone:
202-224-3324
Email Kelly
|
ayotte.senate.gov
|
Unsubscribe
