
Date: Thursday, June 1, 2015 at 9:15 AM
Subject: I have a lot to tell you about
Friend,
Ive been working hard in Washington, D.C. to break through the gridlock and dysfunction to deliver results for Washington state families and communities.
Theres definitely a lot to bring you up to speed on, but before I do that, I want to make sure Im passing along the information you want to see.
So, take a minute and tell me what interests you the most. Tell me what kind of news you would like to hear from my office and me: http://murray.hilltopcms.com/manage?key=05621519-956b-4a14-ab46-4170f8b12f85
In the past few months, big things have been happening -- I introduced the Healthy Families Act to expand access to paid sick leave, and the Raise the Wage Act to raise the federal minimum wage to $12 by 2020. I listened to stories from Washington state teachers, parents, and students and I worked hard, with colleagues from both sides of the aisle, to fix the badly broken No Child Left Behind Law.
Ive continued to fight to make sure Washington communities get the support they need, and I was proud to push for critical investments in infrastructure through the Transportation Investment Generating Economic Recovery (TIGER) program to benefit the North Spokane Corridor and the Port of Seattle.
As Ive traveled throughout the state, Ive heard from students in Yakima and Seattle who are struggling to pay for college, and as I work with my colleagues to reauthorize the Higher Education Act in the Senate, Ill be be fighting hard for policies that help make college more affordable. On a recent trip to Joint Base Lewis-McChord (JBLM), I learned about the essential resources it needs to continue meeting its mission, and as I bring their stories back with me to D.C., Ive continued to talk about the importance of replacing sequestration cuts in budget.
Those are just a few highlights, but I want to know what issues sound interesting to you.
Let me know and Ill make sure to keep you updated on the things Im working on, and the things you want to hear about: http://murray.hilltopcms.com/manage?key=05621519-956b-4a14-ab46-4170f8b12f85
I work every day to bring the Washington state way to Washington D.C., so Id love to hear from you so I can keep you updated and keep fighting to make sure you have a voice at the table.
Looking forward to hearing from you!
Senator Patty Murray---------------------
This e-mail was sent to dj724530@gmail.com
To unsubscribe go to http://murray.hilltopcms.com/unsubscribe?Subscription=newsletter&s;=5AX9&EmailAddress;=dj724530@gmail.com
Senator Patty Murray
154 Russell Senate Office Building
Washington, D.C. 20510
Phone: (202) 224-2621
Comment: http://murray.senate.gov/public/index.cfm?p=ContactMe
Home
|
About
Patty
|
Services
|
Newsroom
|
Issues
|
Contact
Friend,
I just wanted to make sure you saw my
message earlier. I am working hard to get
results for Washington state families
and I want to be sure Im
keeping you updated on the issues that
interest you most.
So,
let me know what interests you and let
me know what you want to stay up to
date on.
Looking forward to hearing back from
you!
Senator Patty Murray
---------- Forwarded message
----------
From:
Senator Patty Murray
&lt;newsletter@murray.senate.gov&gt;
Date:
Thursday, June 1,
2015 at 9:15 AM
Subject:
I have a lot to
tell you about
Friend,
Ive been working hard in
Washington, D.C. to break through the
gridlock and dysfunction to deliver results
for Washington state families and
communities.
Theres definitely a lot to bring
you up to speed on, but before I do that, I
want to make sure Im passing along
the information you want to see.
So, take a minute and tell me
what interests you the most. Tell me
what kind of news you would like to
hear from my office and me.
In the past few months, big things have
been happening -- I introduced the Healthy
Families Act to expand access to paid sick
leave, and the Raise the Wage Act to raise
the federal minimum wage to $12 by 2020. I
listened to stories from Washington state
teachers, parents, and students and I
worked hard, with colleagues from both
sides of the aisle, to fix the badly broken
No Child Left Behind Law.
Ive continued to fight to make
sure Washington communities get the support
they need, and I was proud to push for
critical investments in infrastructure
through the Transportation Investment
Generating Economic Recovery (TIGER)
program to benefit the North Spokane
Corridor and the Port of Seattle.
As Ive traveled throughout the
state, Ive heard from students in
Yakima and Seattle who are struggling to
pay for college, and as I work with my
colleagues to reauthorize the Higher
Education Act in the Senate, Ill be
be fighting hard for policies that help
make college more affordable. On a recent
trip to Joint Base Lewis-McChord (JBLM), I
learned about the essential resources it
needs to continue meeting its mission, and
as I bring their stories back with me to
D.C., Ive continued to talk about
the importance of replacing sequestration
cuts in budget.
Those are just a few highlights,
but I want to know what issues sound
interesting to you.
Let me know and Ill make
sure to keep you updated on the things
Im working on, and the things
you want to hear about.
I work every day to bring the Washington
state way to Washington D.C., so Id
love to hear from you so I can keep you
updated and keep fighting to make sure you
have a voice at the table.
Looking forward to hearing from you!
Senator Patty Murray
Home
|
Privacy
Policy
|
Subscribe
|
Unsubscribe
This e-mail was sent to dj724530@gmail.com
Click here to unsubscribe
Senator Patty Murray
154 Russell Senate Office Building
Washington, D.C. 20510
Phone: (202) 224-2621
Comment:
http://murray.senate.gov/public/index.cfm?p=ContactMe