
If you are having trouble viewing this message or
would like to share it on a social network, you can
view the message online .
HOME
ABOUT
CONTACT ME
SERVING YOU
MEDIA CENTER
OUR
DISTRICT
RESOURCES
June 07, 2015
Dear Friend,
In the Atlanta Journal-Constitution recently, I wrote about problems
of the president's top-down, government-run health care plan and how
my Health Care Compact legislation would help to solve them.
The
bill I introduced in Congress would return health care policy-making
power to states, increasing their flexibility to develop local solutions
that best serve their unique populations, the vast majority of whom
consume their health care close to home.
As a state representative, I
voted to make Georgia the first state in the country to adopt the Health
Care Compact. Eight more states have adopted it since then, and dozens
more are considering joining. They would need Congressional approval
for the interstate agreement to take effect. In the past, states have
turned to such agreements to govern everything from common agriculture
to infrastructure and maritime projects. This current one would allow
them to repeal and replace Obamacare with a range of better options,
as well as prevent further federal interference.
Obamacare has been trouble from the start. The
president's wrong-headed health care law forced insurers to drop millions of
customers, who lost their doctors. Their new plans are often more
expensive and restrictive. Premiums are set to spike again across the
country, and burdensome rules for employers are preventing them from hiring
Americans, still struggling in President Obama's poor
economy.
Soon, the
Supreme Court will rule whether much of Obamacare is even legal. Twenty-six
states have challenged whether federal bureaucrats violated the law,
when they implemented it in states like Georgia that refused to,
foreseeing its high costs and poor performance. Regardless of the upcoming
decision, however,
my Health Care
Compact would allow participating states to develop practical,
Constitutional alternatives
to improve patient costs and outcomes. Where
Washington has failed, Georgia and others are ready to fulfill their
responsibilities.
Sincerely,
Doug Collins
Member of
Congress
Tell a Friend
E-mail:
E-mail Updates
Yes, please periodically
send me e-mail updates.*
*By subscribing to my
e-mail updates, you are authorizing me to
send regular e-mail updates from my office to your e-mail
account.
Washington D.C. Office
513 Cannon House Office Building
Washington, DC 20515
Phone: (202)
225-9893
Gainesville Office
210 Washington St. NW, Suite 202
Gainesville, GA 30501
Phone:
(770) 297-3388
Unsubscribe
|
Update My Profile
|
Privacy Policy
