DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.0 Transitional//EN" "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml1/DTD/xhtml1-transitional.dtd"
District Update | June 2, 2015
Click here
if you have trouble viewing this email
Dear Friends,
Last week, I relaunched the
Golden Fleece Award
as a way to give private citizens a greater role in government accountability (You can submit entries
here ).
For those who don't know, the Golden Fleece Award was originally introduced by Democratic U.S. Senator from Wisconsin William Proxmire in March of 1975, the Golden Fleece Award was a monthly bulletin on the most frivolous and wasteful uses of hardworking taxpayers dollars.
Senator Proxmire was never short on material, and his diligence in highlighting government waste made the Golden Fleece Award a staple in the U.S. Senate. Legendary Senator Robert Byrd once stated that the awards were as much a part of the Senate as quorum calls and filibusters.
In bringing it back, I wanted not only to honor the commitment to government oversight the original award provided, but also to add some original ideas to make today's Golden Fleece Award slightly more unique than its predecessor. That is why this version of the award will be determined by you, the taxpayer.
By submitting examples of wasteful spending to the "hashtag"
#GoldenFleeceOversight
you can have a meaningful impact on the discussion about the national debt by highlighting the most egregious uses of taxpayer funds. A Nation that is almost $18 trillion in debt shouldn't be wasting your money on projects as purposeless as
non-functioning solar panels
or determining why
Wikipedia has a 'gender bias .'
Each month, I will select a new "winner" to highlight as the biggest waste of taxpayer dollars. I also will be keeping a tally of the total dollar figure for all Golden Fleece submissions. Please take to
Facebook
and
Twitter
to spread the word about this important oversight initiative.
I look forward to reading your submissions and working with you to heighten the public's attention on Washington's wasteful spending habits.
Sincerely,
Representative French Hill
News for the Week of May 25, 2015
State's 6 call rule overreach, plan fight (Arkansas Democrat-Gazette)
All six members of Arkansas' congressional delegation said Wednesday that they plan to fight back against a water regulation rule approved by the Environmental Protection Agency.
Originally called the Waters of the United States rule, the EPA has started referring to it as the Clean Water Rule...
U.S. Rep. French Hill of Little Rock also criticized the White House.
"I am not surprised by the President's decision to finalize the rule, as it's consistent with his knack for making unilateral decisions without the consultation of Congress, state and local governments, and other relevant stakeholders," he said.
Read More
Officials 'amazed' by tornado recovery efforts (Log Cabin Democrat)
U.S. Sen. John Boozman and U.S. Rep. French Hill toured some of the hardest-hit areas from the April 27, 2014, tornado in Vilonia and Mayflower on Wednesday to get a firsthand view of the rebuilding progress.
Its really amazing, Boozman said of the improvements made. I was able to get over here not too long after [the tornado] and survey the damage. The amount of work thats been done, the way the local community have banded together with their citizens, is truly amazing.
Read More
Washington, DC Office
1229 Longworth House Office Building
Washington, DC 20515
Phone: (202) 225-2506
Fax: (202) 225-5903
Conway Office
1105 Deer Street, Suite 12
Conway, AR 72032
Phone: (501) 358-3481
Fax: (501) 358-3494
Little Rock Office
1501 N. University Ave., Suite 150
Little Rock, AR 72207
Phone: (501) 324-5941
Fax: (501) 324-6029
UPDATE SUBSCRIPTION OPTIONS
|
PRIVACY POLICY
|
CONTACT US
Click Here Click Here