
May 2015 Newsletter
Bipartisan Legislation to Bolster U.S.-Israel Defense System
In April, I introduced bipartisan legislation along with Representatives Derek Kilmer (D-WA) to keep the Davids Sling U.S.-Israel missile defense system moving forward. Davids Sling is a mid-range defense system designed to take down missiles from more than 180 miles away.
The bill would ensure continued support for the Davids Sling system, a joint project between the United States and Israel. Once operational, Davids Sling will be used to defend against medium and long range rockets and missiles. In Israel, the system would be used to supplement the existing Iron Dome system that protects against short range rocket attacks. The technology could also be used by the American military to keep our service members safe when deployed overseas. The joint project will further develop relationships between both nations, and has the potential to create new jobs in both countries.
Israel faces an immediate and growing missile threat.
Hamas and Hezbollah and their supporters in Iran and Syria are developing more sophisticated and longer range missiles aimed squarely against our best ally in the Middle East.
We recently witnessed the impressive performance of Iron Dome against short-range terrorist rockets.
Davids Sling will provide additional protection by intercepting incoming missiles too far out of range for the Iron Dome. U.S.-Israeli co-development of Davids Sling demonstrates the unshakable American commitment to Israels security.
Congressman Jim Bridenstine Promotes Lifting Ban on U.S. Crude Oil Exports
America is experiencing a tremendous energy renaissance.
Last month, U.S. crude oil production was the highest since 1973.
The U.S. has surpassed Saudi Arabia as the worlds largest producer of petroleum including natural gas.
Read More
FY 2016 Military Construction and Veterans Affairs Appropriations Bill
Recently, I voted for the FY 2016 Military Construction and Veterans Affairs Appropriations bill. This bill will:
Increase funding for veteran healthcare
Speed up VA claims processing
Tighten oversight of taxpayer dollars to address mismanagement
National Day of Prayer
It was an honor to participate in National Day of Prayer events in Tulsa, Wagoner, and Bartlesville.
Please join me in committing to pray for our nation on a daily basis.
Oklahoma Delegation Remembers April 19 Tragedy
Twenty years ago the Oklahoma City bombing seared the concept of terrorism on American soil into our national consciousness and proved that we are all vulnerable, even in the heartland.
Read More
National Right-to-Carry Reciprocity Act of 2015
I recently co-sponsored a bill introduced by Rep Rich Nugent that allows any person with a state issued concealed carry permit to carry their firearm in another state that allows concealed carry.
I believe this bill moves the fight to protect our 2nd Amendment right forward.
Rep. Bridenstine Awards Jeremy Nikel with Veteran in the Spotlight Award
Rep. Jim Bridenstine is proud to award the May Veteran in the Spotlight, a congressional community service award, to Jeremy Nikel, MSW, LCSW.
Read More
Share
[if gte mso 6]>
<![endif]
Copyright
2015 Congressman Jim Bridenstine, All rights reserved.
You are receiving this email because you opted in at our website or at an event.
Our mailing address is:
Congressman Jim Bridenstine 2448 E 81st St Suite 5150 Tulsa ,
OK
74137 Add us to your address book
unsubscribe from this list
update subscription preferences
