
SIGN YOUR NAME:
Protect Social Security for Illinois' women &gt;&gt;
Many Illinois seniors -- especially women -- depend on Social Security for financial security when they retire.
But House Republicans continue to leave the future of this vital program in jeopardy. Join Cheri in the fight to protect Social Security for Illinois&rsquo; women:
Sign Your Name &gt;&gt;
David --
For decades, Social Security has allowed Illinois seniors to retire with dignity. But House Republicans continue to put Social Security on the chopping block.
For many Illinois women, Social Security is the only way they can afford life&rsquo;s basic necessities during retirement.
That&rsquo;s why Cheri&rsquo;s fighting to make sure Social Security endures for this generation of Illinois women and many generations to come. Will you join her?
Stand with Cheri: Protect Social Security for Illinois' women &gt;&gt;
Women are more likely than men to leave and re-enter the workforce or work part-time jobs -- making it more difficult to earn the benefits they need to retire securely.
Bottom line: Gutting Social Security would especially devastate Illinois women. That&rsquo;s why Cheri believes it&rsquo;s so important that we protect Social Security. David, will you sign Cheri&rsquo;s petition to protect Social Security benefits for women? http://act.cheribustos.com/protect-social-security
Thanks,
Team Bustos
Paid for by Friends of Cheri Bustos
This message was sent to: dj724530@gmail.com | Change or update your email address by
clicking here .
We believe that emails are a crucial way for our campaign to stay in touch with supporters like you. However, if you'd like to unsubscribe, please
click here . If you'd prefer to receive fewer emails, you can
click here .
Our campaign is powered by supporters like you. Your grassroots support is critical to helping Cheri fight back against right-wing attacks.
If you&rsquo;d still like to unsubscribe from our emails,
click here .
If you'd like to donate to our campaign, please
click here .
Thanks for having Cheri's back!
