
For Immediate Release
Contact: Lale Morrison
May 7, 2015
(202) 225-1313
May 2015
The Hastings Monthly Report
My Sixteenth Trip to Israel
This month, I was privileged to travel to Israel as the senior member of a bipartisan delegation organized by the American Israel Education Foundation (AIEF), an independent, non-profit charitable organization. This was my sixteenth trip to Israel as a Member of Congress.
Given current events taking place in the region, I believe that this was an extremely important opportunity to meet with senior Israeli and Palestinian leaders on a wide range of issues concerning political developments in Israel, regional security in the Middle East, the ongoing peace process, as well as the U.S.-Israeli relationship.
During the course of the trip, our delegation met with Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu and Palestinian Prime Minister Rami Hamdallah, as well as members of the Knesset, military officials, business leaders, and ordinary citizens.
The visit confirmed the importance of our nations engagement with allies around the world and partners in the region to hold a firm line against Irans development of dangerous, destabilizing weapons, and to ensuring that Iran remains committed to its obligations in any post-deal environment.
It also reiterated the significance of continuing to work to encourage comprehensive peace talks between Israel and the Palestinian Authority that accomplish a resolution to the decades-long conflict that ensures an enduring peace.
I was delighted to have the opportunity to travel to Israel, yet again, during what is unquestionably a critical time for the region as a whole.
Throughout my tenure in Congress, I have made it a priority to educate my colleagues on the importance of a strong U.S.-Israeli relationship, and our continued support of Israel's absolute right to defend itself and protect its citizens.
I look forward to continuing to focus on these important issues in Congress.
Congressman Hastings meets with Israeli Prime Minister, Benjamin Netanyahu, on his sixteenth trip to Israel.
Congressional Briefing on ISIS Violent Treatment of Women and Girls
Last week, I was proud to host a Congressional briefing, in conjunction with Representative Ted Deutch, to highlight the Islamic State of Iraq and ash-Shams (ISIS) involvement in human trafficking and the violent treatment of women and girls.
Human trafficking knows no geographic borders or racial or ethnic bounds, and is a scourge which plagues every country.
While media coverage of ISIS threat to regional stability has been widespread, its barbaric treatment of women and girls has received scant but critical attention.
Our briefing focused on reports of the capture and trafficking of women and girls across parts of Syria and Iraq released in recent months. We were privileged to be joined by a distinguished panel of experts whose presentations were incredibly instructive with each bringing light to a dire situation that demands our attention. One thing is very clear, the scope of this tragedy is vast and the level of sexual violence encountered by these women and girls, unimaginable.
In early August 2014, accounts surfaced that thousands of Yazidi and other minority groups in Iraq had been systematically targeted and kidnapped.
Of the women and girls abducted, some as young as ten years old, most are treated as the spoils of war. They are often used as incentives for recruits to take up arms with ISIS or are given to soldiers as prizes at which time the women and girls are raped and beaten.
This system of degradation, ISIS argues, is sanctioned under Islamic law. An argument that is as bankrupt as it is sickening.
I applaud the one hundred-twenty senior Muslim scholars and Imams who have written an open letter to the senior members of ISIS, making it clear that any reading of the Koran that advocates for the enslavement and rape of women and girls is not at all a reflection of their valued book.
Of course, as important as it is that we never lose sight of the fact that ISIS does not speak for the Muslim community as a whole, it is equally, if not more important in the more immediate future, that we dedicate our efforts to saving and protecting the women and girls who stand helplessly, and too often hopelessly, in the path of this horrific groups destruction.
As a Member of Congress, I will continue to advocate for the voiceless, and pledge to do all I can to support efforts to provide assistance to protect civilian populations, as well as work to implement services and support for victims of sexual and gender-based violence who are able to escape from human trafficking schemes.
Gun Violence in America
Data recently released confirms that firearms were responsible for 33,000 deaths in America in 2013, and more than double that were injured by guns during the same period.
Indeed, not a day goes by when we are not served with a reminder of the senseless loss of life caused by firearms.
For this reason, I took issue with a rider that was attached to an Energy and Water appropriations bill that came before the Rules Committee in April.
This legislation reversed current policy prohibiting guns on Army Corps of Engineers land and stripped the Secretary of the Army from using their discretion to determine what is best for the security of our nations infrastructure and the safety of public employees.
Not only was I disturbed that Republicans sought to change our gun laws in an Energy and Water funding bill, but I was also troubled with yet another Republican attempt to make it easier for individuals to possess concealed weapons.
Because, I firmly believe that something must be done about the scourge of gun violence in our country, I offered an amendment to strike this language from the comprehensive bill.
My amendment was ultimately voted down by the Republicans on the Committee.
At the Committee meeting, I referenced a statement made by David Satcher, who served as the U.S. Surgeon General from 1998 to 2002.
Surgeon General Satcher proclaimed that youth violence is an epidemic, in response to a report he commissioned in 2002.
At the time the study was conducted it revealed that thirteen children died each day as a result of gun violence.
Indeed, the gun violence epidemic that plagues our nation has not diminished in recent years.
Our current Surgeon General, Vivek Murthy, has famously insisted that gun violence in our country is a public health crisis.
I want to make clear that as an attorney and former federal judge, I believe that the second amendment bestows a right upon citizens to own firearms, and as a long time gun owner, I support the need to protect the rights of responsible gun owners.
At the same time, it is essential that we do more to ensure that dangerous weapons are kept out of the hands of the wrong individuals.
Very recently, a two-year-old Florida boy fatally shot himself in the chest after finding his fathers gun.
Similarly, a mother in South Florida was shot by her three-year-old child when he gained access to her semi-automatic weapon.
We must do more to ensure that incidents like these do not continue to occur.
I will work diligently this Congress to call attention to the gun violence that plagues our country, while supporting efforts to find legislative solutions.
My remarks on gun policy in our country made at the Rules Committee meeting on H.R. 2028 may be viewed
here .
Congressman Alcee L. Hastings serves as Senior Member of the House Rules Committee, Ranking Democratic Member of the U.S. Helsinki Commission, and Co-Chairman of the Florida Delegation
###
NOTE: Please DO NOT respond to this email as this inbox is unattended. To contact my office please
click here
UNSUBSCRIBE
|
PRIVACY POLICY
|
CONTACT US
Click Here Click Here