DOCTYPE html
May 10, 2015
Congressman McHenry Weekly Update
A Week Back in NC-10
I had the pleasure of spending this past week back home in Western North Carolina. I began the week with a day in Gastonia. I attended a meeting of the Gastonia East Rotary Club at the Conference Center. While there I provided an update on the House's work and Washington and took questions from the Rotarians in attendance.
That afternoon, I visited with leaders of the Greater Gaston Development Corporation. We had a great conversation about growing businesses in Gaston County and ways that the federal and local government can work together to improve the business climate in our area.
I concluded my day in Gaston County by visiting the soon to be opened Ole Dallas Brewery in Dallas. I toured the main brewery, which is currently under construction and then visited their beer garden at Sims Park. Starting this season Ole Dallas will serve as a sponsor of the Gastonia Grizzlies.
Tuesday I was in Hickory to speak at the Catawba Chamber of Commerce's Legacy Leadership breakfast briefing. While there I spoke about Congress' work in Washington and took questions from the audience.
Wednesday I was back in Catawba County, beginning my day by meeting with members of the Catawba County Board of Education. I spoke with the Board about what is new in Catawba County Schools and discussed ways that I can be of assistance to our local teachers and students.
Following the meeting with the Board, I had the pleasure of visiting one of Catawba County's great high schools, St. Stephens. While there I visited the school's robotics class and observed the students work.
Later that afternoon I met with the leadership team of Newton's People's Bank to learn about the pressures they face as a small financial institution in the current regulatory climate.
Thursday I visited the Catawba River Antique Mall in Belmont. While there I met with owners CJ and Emory VanDiver and learned about the business they have built in the former Majestic Mill, a repurposed textile mill.
For more pictures from my visits throughout the 10th District, please follow me on
Twitter
and
Instagram
and
like my Facebook page .
Small Business Week of 2015
According to the US Department of Labor, small businesses create two out of every three jobs in America proving that small businesses truly are America's job creators. This week, we celebrated these entrepreneurial men and women across the country as we recognized
Small Business Week of 2015 . House Republicans remain committed to supporting small businesses in any way we can, whether it be reducing their tax burden or clearing up regulatory red-tape that prevents their businesses from growing.
On Tuesday of this week I was in Catawba County to speak at a Small Business Boost event cohosted by Facebook and the Catawba County Chamber of Commerce. The event was a great success, attracting over 200 small business people from across Western North Carolina to Hickory's Hollar Mill to learn how to grow their business social media presence.
Teacher Appreciation Week of 2015
Besides parents and family, there are few people in one's life that can have a greater impact than a good teacher. This week, we say thanks to all our wonderful educators as we celebrate Teacher Appreciation Day and Week. The 10th District is blessed to have numerous great teachers across our seven county area. This week we say thanks to each of those educators for all their hard work instructing our children and future generations. Below are a few pictures from my meetings with great teachers throughout NC-10.
What I Have Been Reading
WWII vets gather for rare flyover of vintage planes celebrating V-E day
USA Today
This past Friday marked the 70th anniversary of the Allies victory in Europe during World War II. As a country, we will forever be indebted to our Greatest Generation who bravely fought to defend freedom and democracy in Europe. To honor those heroes, the National Mall was home to a flyover of American aircraft used during the War's greatest battles. While I was unable to attend, it looked like an impressive spectacle and much deserved celebration of our heroic veterans.
Believers in Charlotte mark National Day of Prayer
The Charlotte Observer
Thursday marked the 64th annual National Day of Prayer as American's across the country gathered together in prayer. I used the day to pray for our nation and all of the brave men and women who defend us daily around the world.
Contrary to goals, ER visits rise under Obamacare
USA Today
This week brought news of another Obamacare letdown as a recently released poll revealed that emergency room visits have actually increased since the healthcare law went into effect. Reducing emergency room visits was one of the promises of Obamacare but, like so many of the laws promises, it seems to be going unfulfilled as well.
WASHINGTON, D.C. OFFICE
2334 Rayburn HOB
Washington, D.C. 20515
Telephone: 202.225.2576
Fax: 202.225.0316
HICKORY DISTRICT OFFICE
87 4th St. NW, Ste A, PO Box 1830
Hickory, NC 28603
Telephone: 828.327.6100
Toll-Free in NC: 800.477.2576
Fax: 828.327.8311
GASTONIA DISTRICT OFFICE
Suite 115
Gaston Co. Administrative Bldg
128 West Main Avenue
Gastonia, NC 28053
Telephone: 704.833.0096
BLACK MTN. DISTRICT OFFICE
160 Midland Avenue
Black Mountain, NC 28711
Telephone: 828.669.0600
Click Here Click Here