
Stay Connected:
Meet
Adam
Issues
&amp; Legislation
News
&amp; Media
16th
District
How
Can I Help You?
Contact
Adam
June 8, 2015
16th District Update
Dear Friend,
I hope you are enjoying spring in Illinois. I want to take a moment to share some pictures from my recent visits around the district. I always enjoy the opportunity to meet with folks who care about the future of our country as much as I do.
I encourage you to also visit my
website ,
Facebook , and
Twitter
pages where you can find regular updates about my work at home in the 16th District and in Washington.
As always, thank you for the honor to serve.
Hope to see you soon,
Adam
Honoring America's Heroes on Memorial Day
On Memorial Day, Congressman Kinzinger participated in the Abraham Lincoln National Cemeterys Memorial Day Ceremony; one of the largest Memorial Day eventsin the state of Illinois.
Several hundred attendees, including Governor Bruce Rauner, gathered to remember the fallen soldiers who gave their lives in defense of our country. The Congressman spoke about the importance of remembering and honoring those who have given the ultimate sacrifice.
Sharing the Joy of Aviation at the Rockford AirFest
As an Air Force pilot and all-around aviation enthusiast, Representative Kinzinger was thrilled to serve as the honorary Grand Marshall of the 10th annual Rockford AirFest.
The two-day community event brought together over 75,000 people to enjoy the thrill of aviation. The U.S. Army Golden Knights Parachute Team presented the Congressman with a baton that they had passed through the air during one of their jumps as a token of thanks for his military and congressional service.
Hosting Supplier Symposium for Local Manufacturers
Congressman Kinzinger and the Rockford Area Economic Development Council welcomed Northrop Grumman at the latest event in his series of Supplier Symposiums.
Over three dozen local manufacturers gathered for a presentation from Northrop Grumman on the process to becoming a supplier, followed by one-on-one meetings between local manufacturers and the aerospace and defense technology company.
The Rockford aerospace cluster is the largest in the state of Illinois and the sixth largest in the nation
and those jobs are a critical component of Illinois economy. Past Symposiums have connected over 50 local suppliers with Boeing and Lockheed Martin.
Click
here
to watch coverage of the Symposium.
Visiting Students at Gibson City Middle School
Earlier this year, students in Mrs. Allens 6th grade class at Gibson City-Melvin-Sibley Middle School sent Congressman Kinzinger thoughtful letters about issues important to them, including questions about jobs and our economy, immigration, and foreign policy.
To thank Mrs. Allens class for their engagement and for helping him better represent them in Congress, he responded with a school visit to meet all the students.
During his visit, he answered students questions, shared his background and journey to becoming a United States Congressman, and spoke about the responsibilities of his job.
Check out the
Gibson City Courier
story about this fun event.
Meeting with Watseka Small Business Owners
Congressman Kinzinger held a Small Business Forum with the Watseka Area Chamber of Commerce.
During the forum, he gave a brief Washington, D.C. legislative update about issues important to the area, including pending trade agreements and the need for a long-term plan to address the solvency of the Highway Trust Fund, and listened to small business owners describe the challenges they face. Together, they discussed several solutions aimed at fostering job creation and easing the burden carried by Illinois business owners.
Discussing Solutions with Boone County Manufacturers
Local elected officials and manufacturers attended the Boone County Manufacturing Forum, which Congressman Kinzinger hosted with Growth Dimensions, the Boone County economic development group.
More than a dozen companies from Chrysler and General Mills to Youngberg Industries joined Congressman Kinzinger to discuss the current business climate in Northern Illinois.
The conversation was focused on the importance of technical training and regional growth for the Boone County area.
Spending time with LaSalle County Seniors
Congressman Kinzinger held a LaSalle County Senior Forum at the Heritage Woods senior community. During the forum, he took questions on topics ranging from Medicare to ISIS.
Members of the Congressmans staff who specialize in helping people dealing with federal agencies attended to provide assistance to anyone with questions or issues relating to Social Security or Medicare.
If you are having a problem with a federal agency or department, please contact Congressman Kinzingers District Office at 815-431-9271.
Presenting Search and Rescue K9 Certification
Congressman Kinzinger had the honor of meeting Ricky, a German Shepherd who completed over 200 hours of intensive training to become a new certified Search and Rescue K9! As
a member of the Coal City Fire Department, Ricky is the only certified K9 outside of Rockford who can assist the people of the 16th District.
Congressman Kinzinger presented Ricky with her first 200hour training certificate awarded by Pawsdog Illinois, a local nonprofit organization that worked with his office to obtain its 501(c)(3) status.
News You Can Use
WIFR: Rep. Kinzinger Discusses 71st Anniversary of D-Day
WTVO:
Rep. Kinzinger talks to WTVO about Rockford Symposium
From the House Floor:
"ISIS must be destroyed"
Rep. Kinzinger goes On the Record with Greta
Rep. Kinzinger on CNN's The Situation Room: "We need to inflict serious damage on ISIS to deter recruits."
Washington D.C. Office
1221 Longworth HOB
Washington, DC 20515
Phone: (202) 2253635
Fax: (202) 2253521
Ottawa District Office
628 Columbus Street, Ste. 507
Ottawa, IL 61350
Phone: (815) 4319271
Fax: (815) 4319383
Watseka District Office
342 West Walnut
Watseka, IL 60970
Phone: (815) 432-0580
Rockford District Office
725 N. Lyford Road, Ste. 3
Rockford , IL 61107
Phone: (815) 708-8032
Unsubscribe
|
Update My Profile
|
Privacy Policy
