DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.0 Transitional//EN" "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml1/DTD/xhtml1-transitional.dtd"
Send me an email
|
Forward to a Friend
Friend
When a crisis arises and American lives and interests are at risk, the first question decision makers ask is, Where are the carriers?
Our Navys aircraft carriers provide 4.5 acres of sovereign American territory and a mobile base of operations that reduces the need to deploy U.S. boots on the ground.
When ISIS blitzed through the Middle East last year, the strike fighters aboard the carrier George H.W. Bush were the only U.S. aircraft in position and ready to halt their advance.
It took 54 days for the United States to negotiate deals with allies in the region that allowed us to employ aircraft based on their territory.
In the months since, the carriers Carl Vinson and Theodore Roosevelt have rotated through the region, providing a constant American military presence, supporting ongoing operations against ISIS, and deterring aggression by Iran.
In other theaters, meanwhile, the presence of American carriers has deterred aggression, protected the free flow of goods, people, and information, and enabled the United States to extend a helping hand when natural disasters strike.
To maintain this critical presence, America needs a fleet of at least 11 carriers.
This is not just some congressionally-mandated levelit is the number of carriers the Navy has said it needs to conduct current and future operations under our national security strategy.
As the Secretary of the Navy, Ray Mabus, said in March 2015, Carrier force structure below 11 would inject significant risk in the Fleets ability to comply with the Defense Strategic Guidance.
Indeed, demand for aircraft carriers has been exceeding supply for years.
As a result, carrier deployments have increased in length from 5.5 months on average in 2008 to 9.5 months for Carl Vinson in 2014-2015. This directly impacts the sailors who operate these important ships and their families.
Rear Admiral Thomas Moore arguably put it best when he said, We're an 11-carrier Navy in a 15-carrier world.
Reducing carrier requirements will have serious consequences for our Navy . In May 2014, Chief of Naval Operations Admiral Greenert said, When I look out into the future, we need at least 11 carriers. That includes preserving the presence of today, the ability to react, be where it matters, when it matters.
Because the demand for carrier presence and capabilities is not expected to decrease in the near term, reducing our carrier requirement and the size of our carrier fleet will not translate into savings or flexibility.
In fact, arbitrarily reducing our carrier fleet to 10 ships would place a larger burden on the remaining force and our military personnel by increasing the length of deployments, reducing our ships and sailors time at home, increasing the stress on our ships and the amount of maintenance they require, and increasing the stress on sailors and their families, potentially motivating them to leave the service.
An 11-carrier fleet is what our Navy and our Nation need.
Thats why I am opposing an amendment to the national defense policy bill that would expose these valuable strategic assets to budget cuts, and could undermine Americas ability to respond to crises and deter conflict around the world.
I will keep you updated on the fight.
Yours in service,
Randy
Home
|
Contact
|
Forward to a Friend
|
Unsubscribe
|
Subscribe
|
Privacy
|
Office Locations
Please do not reply to this message. This email address does not accept incoming messages. To send an email,
click here .
Click Here Click Here