
If you are
having trouble viewing this message or would like to share it on a social
network, you can
view the
message online .
About
Contact
Services
Media Center
Legislation
Issues
Resources
June 07, 2015
Friends,
Like many of
you, I learned a lot of invaluable lessons from my
grandfather.
He grew up in Robeson County and worked for the railroad all his
life. One of the things he taught me was the importance of a strong work
ethic. As a city councilman in Roanoke Rapids for almost three
decades, he showed me how to be a leader and how to serve our community. And
as a husband, a father and a devoted Christian, he taught me to
always put family first and have a strong relationship with the Lord.
He is my hero and role model, and I enjoy and cherish every second
I get to spend with him.
My Granddaddy took me
on my first hunting trip when I was 4 years old.
One thing my Granddaddy and I used to do
together was experience the beauty of the outdoors and the thrill of
hunting. Even though hes no longer able to hunt with me, I think of him
every time Im in the woods. He inspired my passion for the outdoors,
hunting and our Second Amendment rights. But the Second Amendment isn't
just about hunting or shooting sports. Its so much more than
that.
Our right to keep and bear
arms is a right that ensures our ability to protect all of our other
rights.
Thats why I refer to it as our first freedom. Its a
right that comes from God and cant be taken away by the government.
This fundamental freedom must be defended and
protected.
Unfortunately, the Obama administration
is relentlessly trying to force its gun control agenda and assault
our Second Amendment rights.
In yet another attempt to
circumvent Congress, the administration sought to strip responsible gun owners
of ammunition typically used in the most popular rifle. In February,
the Bureau of Alcohol, Tobacco, Firearms and Explosives (ATF) tried to
ban popular rifle ammunition that has been legally used by
law-abiding American sportsmen for decades. By proposing a new framework that
expanded the armor piercing ammunition ban to include AR-15 green tip
bullets, the ATF sought to overturn decades-old settled
law.
It was only after receiving intense
pressure from Congress - myself included - and more than 80,000 public
comments that the administration stalled their proposed ban.
But as
the clock ticks down on the final term of the Obama administration,
theyre cooking up more than a dozen gun control regulations and have
left the door open to reconsider future ammo bans.
Having seen
his gun control agenda fail in the Democratic-controlled Senate in
the last Congress, President Obama is now resorting to acting
unilaterally to achieve his goal. This last ditch effort to unconstitutionally
restrict one of our most fundamental rights has nothing to do with
safety and security and everything to do with government
control.
Last week I was able to get the
House to approve my measure to prohibit the ATF from banning
green-tip ammo.
By barring taxpayer dollars from being used to
reclassify M855 or SS109 type ammunition as armor piercing, my amendment
puts an end to this attack on our Second Amendment rights and ensures
this popular ammunition remains available and not subject to any future
ATF bans.
Rest assured, I will
continue to stand up against this overreach and keep the influence of
Washingtons bureaucrats out of our lives and their hands off of our
freedoms and off our
guns.
Until next week,
Richard Hudson
Member of Congress
(NC-08)
Concord Office
325 McGill Ave, NW
Suite
500
Concord, NC 28027
Phone: (704)
7861612
Rockingham Office
1015 Fayetteville Rd
Rockingham, NC 28379
Phone: (910) 9972070
Washington D.C.
Office
429 Cannon HOB
Washington, DC 20515
Phone: (202) 2253715
Unsubscribe
|
Update My
Profile
|
Privacy Policy
gateway mail end
