DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.0 Transitional//EN" "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml1/DTD/xhtml1-transitional.dtd"
June 19, 2015
Visit My Website
|
Forward to a Friend
| Find me on:
A Full Repeal of the Medical Device Tax
For more information about the
Protect Medical Innovation Act , please click
here .
I voted to pass the
Protect Medical Innovation Act of 2015 . The bill fully repeals president's job-killing medical device tax that is driving up health care costs and restricting access to lifesaving innovations Americans depend on.
The United States leads the world in the development of ground-breaking medical technologies. This has revolutionized the way we diagnose and treat disease. Yet, the president wants to take our nation a step backward by taxing medical innovation. I urge the Senate to quickly take up and pass the
Protect Medical Innovation Act . The medical device tax was wrong from the start and needs to be completely eliminated.
New Legislation to Help Small Banks Better Serve Their Communities
This week I introduced H.R. 2789, the
Capital Access for Small Business
Banks Act . The bill would provide small banks - specifically those
classified under Subchapter S of the U.S. tax code - with greater
freedom to take on new investors and raise capital so they
can better meet the financial needs of working families and small
businesses.
At a time when many small banks are struggling to stay in
business, H.R. 2789 would bring renewed strength to these trusted financial institutions, the communities they serve, and the American economy as a whole. Most
importantly, this bill would bring us one step closer to a tax code that
better supports American families and job creators.
For more information on the
Capital Access for Small Business Banks Act , please click
here .
Quick Links to More Recent News
The
House passed four bills that would help strengthen Medicare Advantage
for seniors by increasing transparency and removing bureaucratic hurdles
that are hindering seniors access to care. More information about the
bills can be found by clicking each of the bill numbers below:
H.R. 2505 :
Medicare Advantage Coverage Transparency Act of 2015
H.R. 2507 :
Increasing Regulatory Fairness Act of 2015
H.R. 2582 :
Seniors Health Care Plan Protection Act of 2015
H.R. 2570 :
Strengthening Medicare Advantage through Innovation and Transparency for Seniors Act of 2015
The House voted
218-208
to pass the
Trade Priorities and Accountability Act ,
legislation that would renew Trade Promotion Authority (TPA). TPA is a
legislative process between Congress and the administration that
requires strict transparency and accountability in negotiations of U.S.
free trade agreements.
The full text of TPA and additional information about the bill can be found please
here .
I voted to pass the
Intelligence Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2016 .
The legislation ensures that our dedicated intelligence professionals
have the resources needed to combat new and existing threats to U.S.
national security. The bill passed
247-178 . More information can be found
here .
The House voted
391-0
to pass a resolution demanding that Iran immediately release three U.S.
citizens it is currently holding prisoner. These Americans are: Pastor
Saeed Abedini, former U.S. Marine Amir Hekmati, and journalist Jason
Rezaian. With American Robert Levinson having gone missing in Iran over
eight years ago, the legislation also demands that Iran release all
known information on any U.S. citizens that have disappeared inside its
borders. Read more about the bill
here .
Happy Father's Day
Click the "Like" button and follow me on Facebook to get daily updates on how I am serving you and the 24th District of Texas.
It is an honor to represent you in Washington and I value your input. Please don't hesitate to contact one of my offices or
send me an email .
UPDATE SUBSCRIPTION OPTIONS
|
PRIVACY POLICY
|
CONTACT US
