
If you are having trouble viewing this message or would like to
share it on a social network, you can
view the message online .
CONTACT
ABOUT
SERVICES
NEWS
OFFICE
LOCATIONS
State Department
Authorization Bill Passes Committee
On
Tuesday, the Senate Foreign Relations Committee, chaired by Senator Corker,
unanimously passed his bill to initiate various reforms to diplomacy
programs and core operations at the State Department. The legislation,
the Fiscal Year 2016 Department of State Operations Authorization and
Embassy Security Act, also includes embassy security provisions to
improve protection of U.S. diplomatic facilities and foreign service
personnel. It has been five years since the Senate Foreign Relations
Committee passed a State Department Authorization bill and 13 years since
one was enacted into law.
Our committee has a
responsibility to ensure limited federal resources for the State Department are
used in a cost-effective manner to advance U.S. interests,
said
Corker.
This effort takes a modest but important step
toward reestablishing oversight of the State Department through an annual
authorization, which hasnt been enacted into law since 2002. In
addition to prioritizing security upgrades for U.S. personnel at high threat
posts, the legislation lays the groundwork to streamline State
Department operations and make them more effective.
June 9, 2015
Senator Corker passes his State Department
Authorization bill through the Senate Foreign Relations
Committee.
Corker Introduces Two
Tennesseans at Judiciary Committee Nomination
Hearing
On Wednesday, Senator Corker
introduced
Travis Randall McDonough and Waverly D. Crenshaw, Jr. at a Senate
Judiciary Committee nomination hearing. McDonough, of Chattanooga, has
been nominated to serve as a United States District Court Judge for
the Eastern District of Tennessee. Crenshaw, of Nashville, has been
nominated to serve as a United States District Court Judge for the Middle
District of Tennessee. The nominations must pass the committee before
being considered by the full Senate. A date for a committee vote has
not yet been set.
[These candidates] look at this as a
tremendous privilege and honor to be able to serve their state and
their country in this fashion,
said Corker.
I know that
Ive talked to you [Senator Perdue] personally about both of these
candidates and my sense is the committee, with flying colors, will pass
them out. I am here to support them wholeheartedly. I thank you for
this hearing. I think you will find their testimony before you to be
very, very good. I certainly hope that we promptly put [them] in these
outstanding positions that they deserve.
Click
here
to read a full transcript of Corkers
introduction.
Click
here
or on the image above to watch the
introduction.
Tennesseans Visit Washington
Senator Corker
hosted more than 100 Tennesseans at last weeks Tennessee Tuesday,
a regular breakfast held on Capitol Hill every week the Senate is in
session for visitors from the Volunteer State. For more information,
click
here .
Home
|
Privacy Policy
|
Unsubscribe
gateway mail end 