
RAUL RUIZ, M.D.
Member of Congress
36th District of California
District Office:
43875 Washington St. STE F
Palm Desert, CA 92211
Phone:
760-424-8888
Friends,
As your Representative, I want to be sure you are kept up-to-date on the important work my office is doing in our community and in Washington, D.C.
From veterans&rsquo; advocacy, to standing up for LGBT rights, my office is here to serve.
Veterans Listening Forum
This March, I fulfilled a promise I made to our local veterans: to bring Loma Linda VA Hospital leadership directly to the veterans they serve to answer questions and listen to veterans&rsquo; experiences first hand, and find solutions together.
Over 120 veterans from our community joined in our conversation with the leadership of the Loma Linda VA Hospital. They shared personal experiences, ideas, and in some cases, frustrations, which the VA promised to address.
While we have made some progress, we still have a lot more work to do. Through the Veterans Access, Choice and Accountability Act of 2014, locally the VA will be filling 200 positions, including 34 new physicians, and will provide additional weekend and evening hours. And while this is good news, we must continue to hold the VA accountable and make sure that these investments result in better, high quality veteran centered care.
In the future, I will be hosting additional listening forums to give more veterans the opportunity to share their experiences at Loma Linda, and to get updates on the changes the VA has promised.
New Office Opening
To better serve you, I consolidated my offices into a new, centrally located office in Palm Desert. This new, full service location allows my office to operate more efficiently and effectively.
Additionally, my staff will hold regular satellite office hours across the district to ensure all have access to the services my office offers.
The new Palm Desert office is located at:
43875 Washington Street, Suite F
Palm Desert, CA
92211
Congressional Art Competition
On May 4, I was thrilled to announce the winner of this year&rsquo;s Congressional Art Competition, Audrey Castillo from Palo Verde High School in Blythe. Her artwork, &ldquo;My Little Brother&rsquo;s Curiosity,&rdquo; was selected by a panel of judges to represent our communities, and will be on display in the U.S. Capitol Building for one year. Audrey and a guest will be flown to Washington D.C. for a special reception to celebrate all of the Congressional Art Competition winners from across the country. You can see a picture of Audrey and her amazing work below.
Thank you to all our high schools and student artists who submitted artwork to the 2015 CA-36 Congressional Art Competition! We received over 60 submissions from students, all of which just prove how much talent we have in this district. My office in Palm Desert will continue to display the students&rsquo; artwork through July 8th, so please stop by to see some outstanding pieces of art created by local students, including second place winner Jean Cedeno&rsquo;s &ldquo;Our Loving Valley,&rdquo; and third place winner Alondra Manzo&rsquo;s &ldquo;Thalassophobia.&rdquo;
Advocacy for LGBT Rights
The so-called, &ldquo;religious freedom&rdquo; law recently passed in Indiana could allow businesses and other entities to actively discriminate against the LGBT community and has no place in our society.
All Americans, no matter your gender, race, age, religion, or who you love, deserve marriage equality and equal rights under the law.
In response to this injustice, I led 34 Members of Congress in a letter to Governors of 11 states considering legislation similar to the discriminatory law passed in Indiana that would allow businesses to openly discriminate against LGBT Americans asking they reject discrimination on any and all levels.
I will always be an advocate and voice for equality, and stand up against efforts that threaten to roll back the headway we have made here in California and across our country.
To read the full letter, click
here.
It&rsquo;s an honor to serve as your Representative in Washington, D.C. Serving my constituents is about ensuring that every voice in our community is heard and that you have a steadfast advocate when you need one. As always, if there is ever anything I can do to help, please don&rsquo;t hesitate to contact my office.
Sincerely,
Raul
If you wish to unsubscribe from this mailing list please click
here.
1319 LONGWORTH HOUSE OFFICE BUILDING, WASHINGTON, D.C. 20515 -
202-225-5330
www.ruiz.house.gov
Please do not reply to this email, as this box is unattended. Instead, please use the
contact form
on my website if you have any further comments.
