
Web Site
|
About Tom
|
Issues
|
Serving You
|
Media
|
Contact
Reed Remembers Those Who Made the Ultimate Sacrifice
This past Monday, I attended Memorial Day services in both Savona and Corning, New York to pay my respects to our fallen servicemen and women.
It is important that we pause to reflect on those who have laid down their lives in service to our country. I am eternally grateful to the men and women who made the ultimate sacrifice for our freedom.
During the day's services, I was able to meet with many veterans and their families. I care about those who served our country. We must continue to offer the greatest consideration for the needs and concerns of our veterans and their families.
Reed: 2015 Manufacturing Summit a Great Success
Thursday, I hosted the 2015 Manufacturing Summit at Jamestown Community College in Jamestown, New York. With over 100 local and regional business leaders in attendance, I am glad to say this event was a success!
My goal for this event was to bring together manufacturing industry leaders, government agencies and trade representatives to discuss the future of the regional manufacturing industry. I am committed to providing the tools and resources necessary for the businesses of Western New York to grow their businesses here, by exporting their products abroad. This will bring more jobs to our community and allow Western New York to become a global leader in manufacturing.
I was joined by Congressman Glenn "GT" Thompson (R-PA) and Chris Collins (R-NY). Both Congressman Thompson and Collins are advocates for increasing manufacturing opportunities across our region.
Following the event, Congressman Thompson said, "I thank Congressman Reed for inviting me to participate in such a timely event, in order to highlight just how important the manufacturing sector is to our national economy."
The full-day event concluded with a tour plant of Cummins Inc. in Lakewood, New York. Cummins Inc. is a great example of a company that has taken domestic resources to make a quality product and then exported it around the world, ultimately supporting over 1,500 local jobs.
Pictured below: Congressman Tom Reed tours Cummins Inc. facility along with local business leaders.
Congressman Reed Hosts Town Hall Meeting in Big Flats
Pictured above: Congressman Reed at his most recent town hall in Big Flats, New York.
Earlier this week, I hosted a town hall meeting in Big Flats, New York. The focus of this meeting was to discuss H.R. 510, the Defense of Property Rights Act, which I have introduced during the 114th Congress. The bill works to protect the individual rights of property owners against government overreach.
In addition to this legislation, I was able to discuss a variety of other issues that constituents were concerned about, including our efforts to protect Social Security by finding a long-term solution that protects both retirees and the disabled.
I believe real solutions come from mothers and fathers, small business employees, and our local entrepreneurs - not bureaucrats in Washington. That is why I continue to host town hall meetings across the eleven counties that comprise New York&acute;s 23rd congressional district.
2015 Congressional Art Competition Winner Announced
I am happy to announce the winner of the 2015 Congressional Art Competition for the 23rd Congressional District of New York is Miharu Murai of Portland, New York. Miharu's artwork was a self portrait in a medium of white charcoal on black paper. Her artwork will be put on display in the United States Capitol for one year as a part of the Congressional Institutes' annual art competition.
Congratulations, Miharu!
Pictured above: Miharu Murai with Congressman Tom Reed (left). Murai's self portrait (right).
Thank you for subscribing to my e-newsletter. Please stay in touch and share your views by calling one of my offices or visiting my
website . Additionally, I encourage you to visit my
Facebook
page or follow me on
Twitter
at
where we can continue our conversation.
OFFICE LOCATIONS
Washington, DC 2437 Rayburn HOB
Washington, DC 20515
(202) 225-3161
Corning
89 W. Market St
Corning, NY 14830
(607) 654-7566
Olean
One Bluebird Square
Olean, NY 14760
(716)379-8434
Geneva
433 Exchange St
Geneva, NY 14456
(315)759-5229
Jamestown
2 East 2nd St Suite 300
Jamestown, NY 14701
(716) 708-6369
Ithaca
401 E. State St. Suite 304-1
Ithaca, NY 14850
(607) 222-2027
Privacy Policy
Unsubscribe
