
Having trouble reading this email?
Click here
to view in your browser.
Website
|
About Phil
|
First District
|
Constituent Services
|
Newsroom
|
Issues
|
Legislation
|
Contact Me
Investing in American Infrastructure
Each day East Tennesseans rely on roads and bridges. According to the Tennessee Department of Transportation (TDOT), there are more than 19,000 bridges in our state, many of which need serious rehabilitation to remain safe for use. According to the most recent Infrastructure Report Card released by the American Society of Civil Engineers, U.S. roads were graded as a D and bridges as a C+. Given the importance of infrastructure to economic growth, passenger safety, and mobility, these grades are not good enough.
This is particularly alarming when you consider that our main source for funding highways and transportation projectsthe Highway Trust Fundis on course to become insolvent this summer. As a former mayor, I understand what budget shortfalls can do at the local level, and I believe elected officials have a responsibility to ensure the roads, bridges and other infrastructure systems are safe and functional. That is why I voted in support of H.R. 2353, the Highway and Transportation Funding Act of 2015 when it passed the House last month. This bill, which received overwhelming bipartisan support and was signed into law by President Obama on June 1, extends transportation funding through the end of July. This week, the House acted again by passing the Transportation, Housing and Urban Development appropriations bill, which will provide funding for the highway bill when it is reauthorized.
We need a long-term solution to funding infrastructure in this country. Without funding certainty, state and local governments cannot plan for new construction projects, in large part because they are using all available resources to simply keep roads and bridges open. Its impossible to strategically plan for multi-year investments when you are unsure what funding will look like from year to year, so something must be done to reform the way were funding these important projects. I applaud Transportation and Infrastructure Committee Chairman Bill Shuster (R-PA) for his efforts on this issue, and I am glad the chairman has prioritized reaching a long-term, bipartisan agreement on transportation and infrastructure funding.
A lot of people have different ideas to ensure adequate funding, including a gas tax increase, but there are better ways to support the Highway Trust Fund. For example, we should increase oil and gas production on public lands. Since President Obama took office, production on federal lands has slowed. These lands belong to taxpayers, and the royalties from production could go toward funding highways and other infrastructure. Another creative way we could fund infrastructure is by taxing the export of liquid natural gas (LNG). The United States is the worlds largest producer of natural gas, and we could sell our extra supply to friends and allies around the globe to help fund infrastructure here at home.
While there is no perfect solution, too many Americans rely upon our nations highway system to let safety fall by the wayside. As construction projects grow more expensive and cars use less fuel to drive more miles, we must look for other sustainable funding measures. In a place like East Tennessee with no large public transit system, its extremely important we properly maintain our roads and bridges, as that is the only way we can travel. Please rest assured I will continue to carefully review proposals and push for long-term, stable funding for our highways and infrastructure.
Feel free to contact my office if we can be of assistance to you or your family. Our contact information can be found on our website,
www.roe.house.gov .
CONNECT WITH US
E-News Sign-up
Forward to a Friend
Contact Phil
Washington, DC Office
407 Cannon House Office Bldg
Washington, DC 20515
Phone: (202) 225-6356
Fax: (202) 225-5714
Kingsport Office
205 Revere Street
Kingsport, TN 37660
Phone:(423) 247-8161
Fax:(423) 247-0119
Morristown Office
1609 Walters State CC Drive, Suite 4
Morristown, TN 37813
Phone:(423) 254-1400
Fax:(423) 254-1403
Click Here Click Here