
If you are having trouble
viewing this message or would like to share it on a social network,
you can
view the message
online .
June 12, 2015
"to elevate the condition of men--to lift
artificial weights from all shoulders, to clear the paths of laudable
pursuit for all, to afford all an unfettered start and a fair chance, in
the race of life."
--Abraham
Lincoln
Chairman's Note: Call Their
Bluff
Senate Democratic leaders
made headlines this week when they announced that, as a matter of party
policy, they will block any and all spending bills from floor
consideration unless they get what they want.
As The
Washington Post forewarned,
Democrats prepare for filibuster summer .
Having spent much of the past
eight years arguing that it is illegitimate for the minority party in a
democratic republic to use the procedural tools at its disposal to try
to temper the will of the majority party, the sudden endorsement of
obstruction by the Senates new minority party has elicited charges of
hypocrisy from all corners.
These charges may be
true, but they miss the crucial point: obstruction is a means, not an
end.
Whats truly objectionable
and deeply cynical
about this pledge to blockade the Senate's legislative calendar is the
outcome theyre trying to achieve.
"This strategy of obstruction may be tempting
in theory, but will likely prove untenable in reality.
"
They have taken a vow of obstruction and
intransigence not in the name of a noble
or even popular
cause, but in an
attempt to force Congress to abandon the modest spending limits
established under the Budget Control Act of 2011, known as the sequester, and
to return to an era of reckless spending and limitless public
debt.
This may be good for the Democratic Party and for
the ecosystem of special interests that subsist on government handouts
and favors, but we know from experience that its not good for
hardworking Americans trying to make ends meet outside of Washingtons
influence economy.
This presents an opportunity for
Republicans: call their bluff. Bring up individual appropriations bills, one
by one through regular order with an open amendment process; host a
robust and candid debate about each one; and give Senate Democrats an
opportunity to explain to the American people why they are blocking
bills to fund our schools, hospitals, and
highways.
This strategy of obstruction may be tempting in theory, but will likely
prove untenable in reality.
"We
cannot hide this issue under a bushel"
To watch the full video
CLICK HERE
Issue In Focus:
Made in the U.S.A.
There are
many reasons why Americans are often willing to pay a premium for
products that are certifiably Made in the U.S.A. They may support
American manufacturing jobs, oppose certain foreign labor practices, or they
may simply trust the quality of American-made
products.
Whatever the reason, this consumer preference gives businesses
an incentive to manufacture their goods in the United States with
domestic components. But a lack of uniformity in our country-of-origin
labeling standards makes it difficult for American manufacturers to use
the Made in the U.S.A. label without exposing themselves to
unnecessary litigation.
The Federal Trade Commission (FTC),
which is charged with preventing deceptive acts and practices and
regulating country-of-origin labeling, has established a rigorous standard
that requires all or virtually all of a product to be made in the
United States in order to receive the Made in the U.S.A. designation.
The all or virtually all standard strikes a fair and effective
balance that ensures the integrity of the Made in the U.S.A. brand and
provides manufacturers with a reasonable amount of flexibility to adjust
to the realities of operating in a global marketplace.
But there is one state that has complicated the FTCs
federal standard by setting a rigid 100 percent threshold for any Made in
the U.S.A. products sold within its borders. Under such inflexible
standards, a company that uses a single imported component
like a
bolt or screw
often cannot label their final product as Made in the
U.S.A. Because the typical flow of goods in interstate commerce
from
the point of production to the point of sale
makes it extremely
difficult for the manufacturer to know in which state their product will
be sold, businesses are forced to abide by this one states inflexible
standard in order to protect themselves from
litigation.
Congress should exercise its constitutional power to regulate
interstate commerce in order to ensure that the FTC retains exclusive
authority to set country-of-origin labeling standards when goods are
introduced in interstate or foreign commerce. Doing so would strengthen
the incentives for businesses to keep manufacturing in America and to
use more American goods and resources in their production
lines.
Washington, D.C. Office
361A Russell Senate Office Building
Washington, D.C., 20510
Phone:
202.224.5444
Fax: 202.228.1168
Salt Lake
City
Wallace F. Bennett Federal
Building
125 South State, Suite
4225
Salt Lake City, UT 84138
Phone:
801.524.5933
Fax: 801.524.5730
St.
George
Office of Senator Michael S. Lee
285 West Tabernacle, Suite 200
St. George, UT
84770
Phone:
435.628.5514
Unsubscribe
|
Update My
Profile
|
Privacy Policy
gateway mail end
