
Week in Review | June 19, 2015
Click here
if you have trouble viewing this email
Week in Review
Dear Friends,
Thank you for signing up to receive my e-newsletter!
It has been a busy week both in Washington and at home in Central New York! I'm happy to share some of the highlights with you.
Taking the Lead on TSA Reform
Early this week, I introduced legislation to reform oversight measures at the Transportation Security Administration (TSA).
In light of the recent revelations that the TSA cleared for employment individuals with potential ties to terrorism, this legislation puts in place stronger vetting procedures for aviation workers.
You can read about this important legislation here .
I also chaired a Transportation Security Subcommittee hearing
to identify what Congress needs to do to close the gaps at the TSA and to address these stunning vulnerabilities.
Watch my closing remarks, here .
Initiatives in Washington
It was announced this week that U.S. Currency will be redesigned feature the first woman in over a century.
Earlier this month, I introduced the bipartisan
Harriet Tubman Tribute Act , legislation which would require the U.S. Treasury to place Harriet Tubman's likeness on a Federal Reserve Note by 2017.
With her Auburn home recently established as a National Historical Park,
now is an incredibly fitting time for this iconic American woman to be featured on U.S. Currency .
Doing so will not only ensure that her legacy lives on for generations, but will energize Auburn's growing tourism efforts and stimulate new, sustainable economic activity for our region.
I joined a bipartisan group of my colleagues to introduce legislation to demand accountability from the NCAA.
The NCAA has become a multi-billion dollar industry that does not always seem to have the best interest of its students at heart.
Click here to read more about the protections this legislation would put in place for student athletes.
On the Floor
The House voted to repeal the Medical Device Tax, legislation that I cosponsored
as one of my first official acts in Congress.
The medical device industry is one fueled by innovative small businesses and manufacturers -- but this onerous tax burdens device makers significantly by hindering job expansion, economic growth, innovation, and global competitiveness.
Click here to read about the unique threat this tax places on Upstate New York's economy .
The House voted on Trade Promotion Authority (TPA), a measure that I opposed.
This legislation would provide broad authority to the President and "fast-track" proposed international trade agreements through Congress.
While I am confident trade can be of great benefit to our country and our global economy when the rules are transparent, I opposed this legislation because the American public deserves to know what is in this complex trade deal, and to be sold on its merits by the President.
Unfortunately, this simply has not happened.
Despite the importance of this agreement, far too little detail has been provided by the President.
Around Central New York
Last weekend, I had the privilege of speaking to the new graduates of my alma mater, Bishop Ludden Junior/Senior High School.
Congratulations to the Class of 2015 at Bishop Ludden and at all of the high schools throughout NY-24!
My wife, Robin, and I participated in the annual Prostate Cancer Ride
to raise community awareness for prostate cancer research.
After our ride, we had the honor of having our photo taken with prostate cancer survivors, Mitch and John.
Today, I visited the Syracuse VA Medical Center
to learn about the great work that they are doing to provide health care and transition services for Central New York's large veterans community.
Sincerely,
John Katko (NY-24)
Member of Congress
P.s., Don't forget to follow along for daily updates on
Facebook
and
Twitter !
CONNECT
IN THE NEWS
Lawmakers grill TSA about 'potential ties to terrorism' in workforce
"All of these findings individually are concerning . . . they just shake the public's confidence and only further demonstrate the need for steady leadership at TSA to work through the many issues that plague this agency," Katko said.
HOW CAN WE HELP YOU?
Our constituent service team is made up of experienced caseworkers and trained social workers who specialize in helping constituents and their families solve problems with federal agencies.
Please contact my Syracuse District Office at (315) 423-5657 if you would like assistance with:
Dealing with Federal agencies
Purchasing U.S. Flags
Military Academy Nominations
Tours and tickets for your visit to Washington, D.C.
Internships
Forward to a Friend
|
Share on Facebook
|
Share on Twitter
|
Permalink
Syracuse, NY
District Office
440 South Warren St.
7th Floor Suite 711
Syracuse, NY 13202
P: (315) 423-5657
F: (315) 423-5604
Auburn, NY
Regional Office
71 Genesee St.
Auburn, NY 13021
P: (315) 253-4068
F: (315) 253-2435
Lyons, NY
Regional Office
7376 State Rte. 31
Lyons, NY 14489
P: (315) 946-7290
Weds. 10am - 4pm
Oswego, NY
Regional Office
13 W. Oneida St.
Second Floor
Oswego, NY 13126
Weds. 10am - 3pm
Washington, DC
Congressional Office
1123 Longworth HOB
Washington, DC 20515
P: 202.225.3701
F: 202.225.4042
UPDATE SUBSCRIPTION OPTIONS
|
PRIVACY POLICY
|
CONTACT US
Click Here Click Here