
Tuesday, May 12, 2015
WEBSITE
|
FORWARD TO A FRIEND
| SHARE ON:
A Win for Our Local Waterways and More
Dear Friend -
This time of year, as Congress begins the process of appropriating federal funds, I am always looking for areas where we can responsibly cut our spending and where we can make important investments in Florida. Weve had some big wins for our local environment and waterways during this time. Were also taking some big steps to help working families and our economy.
I wanted to share with you some highlights of the work Ive been doing on your behalf in Congress.
A win for our local environment and waterways
Last week, I was proud to see
my amendment to the Energy and Water Appropriations Act
pass the House. This important measure will redirect federal resources to important projects in our area, including Everglades restoration and the C-44 basin projects. This means more funding to complete these important projects to help our local waterways and eventually allow more water to move south of Lake Okeechobee as nature intended.
You can see my speech on the House floor on this important amendment
here .
Fighting for working families
I was proud to work with Rep. Bobby Scott (VA-03) and 160 members of the House of Representatives to
introduce the Raise the Wage Act , which would increase the federal minimum wage from $7.25 to $12.00 per hour by 2020. People who work 40-60 hours per week to provide for their families shouldn't have to live in poverty. This legislation will help strengthen the middle class and give over 2.5 million Floridians a much-needed pay raise. This legislation has received the support of 160 members of Congress in the U.S. House of Representatives and 130 organizations across the country.
I'll be sure to keep you updated on these and other important things I'm working on in Congress for our communities along the Palm Beaches and Treasure Coast. As always, please do not hesitate to contact me if I can be of assistance.
Sincerely,
Patrick Murphy
Happening in the district:
I was thrilled to host a reception honoring the participants of the
2015 Congressional Art Competition . Each year, high school students in the 18th Congressional District are invited to submit an original artwork to the competition. It was wonderful to see the skill, creativity, and vision from students right here along the Palm Beaches and Treasure Coast and a reminder as to how important artistic expression is for our community.
A panel of judges selected semifinalists, and the overall winner was chosen by receiving the highest number of likes via Facebook. Im proud to announce that Alyssa Macchia from Jensen Beach High School was selected as our winner. Her artwork, Grandmotherly Love, will hang in the U.S. Capitol for one year.
See her entry by
clicking here !
NOTE: Please DO NOT respond to this email as this inbox is unattended. To contact my office please
click here
UPDATE SUBSCRIPTION OPTIONS
|
PRIVACY POLICY
|
CONTACT US
Click Here Click Here