
If you are having trouble viewing this message or
would like to share it on a social network, you can
view the message online .
June 22, 2015
Unsubscribe
Update My Profile
Website
|
About Doug
|
District Map
|
Constituent Services
|
Issues &amp; Legislation
|
News
|
Contact |
Dear
Friend,
Time and time
again, President Obama has abused the trust of Congress and the American
people. On issues ranging from healthcare regulations to illegal
immigration, he has said one thing and done another. This approach has
poisoned his relationship with both parties in Congress and made it
extraordinarily difficult to work on many issues. He has maintained this
self-centered attitude with trade negotiations. That's why the Congress
has to step in and roll back these abuses of negotiating power and
shine a harsh light on his trade proposals.
Of the multiple pieces of trade
legislation considered this week, Trade Adjustment Assistance (TAA) was the
most egregious. This bloated, wasteful, and unsuccessful program is a
budget-busting handout designed to placate union activists.
Chicago-style politics like this has no place in any open and straightforward
trade negotiations, and that's why I opposed
TAA.
I support free trade. One of every five
jobs in America depends on trade and 96% of the customers and consumers
of the world are located outside of the United States. In
Colorado alone, over 700,000 jobs are related to trade and we export over $22
billion. It is very important that I clear up some
misperceptions that have grown up around this topic: voting for Trade Promotion
Authority does not automatically mean that I support the Trans Pacific
Partnership Trade Agreement.
Also, Trade Promotion Authority
allows Congress and the American people an open and transparent opportunity
to review the TPP.
Honesty and integrity is important to this process. That is why I
supported the Trade Facilitation and Trade Enforcement Act to ensure that
any future Trans Pacific Partnership Trade Agreement won't include any
provisions dealing with immigration, global warming, or climate
change. This bill also makes sure that trade rules are properly enforced and
bolsters our trade relationships with allies like
Israel.
Right now, that process is not
open and transparent. Just this week, I reviewed portions of the TPP. I
was kept in a secure room in a basement and was allowed to see the
document only in secret. They wouldnt even let me take notes! Trade
Promotion Authority changes this process for the better. Thats why
this bill is so important. It ensures that Congress will have an
up-or-down vote on the trade agreements being negotiated by the Obama
Administration. Trade Promotion Authority brings Congress and the
American people into the discussions and ensures that everything is done
in the light of day. It empowers Members of Congress as advisors and
negotiators with the right to attend trade negotiations and receive
consultations from the US Trade Representative. Most importantly, it will
require that the full text of any potential trade deal be publically
available to the American people at least 60 days before the completion
of any deal.
Trade
Promotion Authority is constitutional because it allows Congress
to retain its authority to approve or reject trade agreements. If we
dont pass TPA, we will cede this authority to President Obama. I want
to be crystal clear with people, this bill does not grant any new
authority to President Obama, period. In fact, it makes it more difficult
for him to negotiate and implement secret plans and programs with other
nations.
The
population growth and the economic trends of the next few decades are
all projected to take place in the Pacific region. China is
aggressively and effectively negotiating in the region. If the United
States is not in the drivers seat creating conditions for Free Trade,
China will be in charge of making the rules and rigging the game in
one of the most important regions of the world. The TPA excludes China.
We must ask
ourselves this simple question, is China going to make the rules of our
global economy, or will the United States continue to lead, as we
always have?
Please let
me know if you require any assistance with a federal government agency
by contacting my local office at (719)
520-0055.
I am honored to serve as your
Representative in Washington.
Sincerely,
CLEARING UP TPA
CONFUSION
There has been a lot of confusion
that TPA (Trade Promotion Authority), which is up for consideration in
the U.S. House of Representatives, is secret. This couldnt be further
from the
truth!
In fact, you can read the entire TPA bill here,
and share what you think:
https://www.congress.gov/114/bills/hr1890/BILLS-114hr1890rh.pdf
Or you can read a
section-by-section summary written by Congressman Paul Ryan here:
http://waysandmeans.house.gov/wp-content/uploads/2015/06/H.R.-1890-Section-by-Section-042315TR.pdf
TPA is NOT a vote for
TPP. TPA forces the Obama Administration to allow Congress and the
American people an open and transparent opportunity to review the Trans
Pacific Partnership trade
agreement.
SHARING A POWERFUL STORY ON VETERAN
SUICIDE
In the House Veterans Affairs
Oversight and Investigations Subcommittee, I participated in a hearing
on Prescription Mismanagement and the Risk of Veteran Suicide. I
was able to share some powerful and emotional testimony on a brave
local soldier our community recently lost. Please take a few minutes to
watch this video and lift the family up in your thoughts and
prayers.
Please click
HERE
to
watch
SUPPORTING OUR
WARFIGHTERS
As a member of
the Armed Services Committee leadership team and a staunch supporter of
our brave men and women in uniform, I was honored to support the 2016
DOD Appropriations bill. Included in this bill are many good things
for our military members and their families: a 2.3% pay raise, a
fully-funded housing allowance, funding for healthcare programs and suicide
and sexual assault prevention efforts, and full funding for the
readiness and training needed before our sons and daughters are sent into
harm's way.
As the Vice
Chairman of the Strategic Forces Subcommittee and as a senior member
of the Armed Services Committee, I receive classified briefings
clearly showing that we live in a dangerous world; one in which our
interests and ideals are under attack on an almost daily basis. That's why
fully supporting our military is the right thing to do, the moral thing
to do, and why it is a responsibility I take very
seriously.
By considering this bill
as a platform for eliminating budget caps and forcing a government
shutdown, Senate Democrats are making a mockery of our military. Their
leader has even called this funding bill a, "waste of time." It is never
a waste of time to step forward and do the right thing by supporting
our military, their families, and loved ones by giving them every
resource they need to successfully complete their
missions.
STANDING UP
FOR LIFE
I recently had the pleasure of partnering with Debbie Chaves
and Colorado Family Action in hosting a small group discussion on the
Pain-Capable Unborn Child Protection
Act.
This legislation, which passed the House and that I
cosponsored, bans abortions after 20 weeks (five months) of pregnancy,
allows exceptions for when the mother's life is threatened, or rape
or incest occur, and provides compassionate care for mother and
child.
The scientific and moral issues in this
case are clear. Babies feel pain at the five month mark and medical
developments are moving up the point of viability. The United States is
one of only seven nations on Earth that allow elective abortions five
months into the pregnancy. As science advances, we are living in an
age of life. Recent polling shows that 60% of the public supports H.R.
35. I have a 100% pro-life record and will continue to be one of the
leading champions and advocates for life in the entire
Congress.
Thank you to Sarah Zagorski of
Colorado Citizens for Life, Mike Norton of Alliance Defending Freedom,
Jessica Haverkate of Colorado Family Action, and all of the faith leaders
and concerned citizens who joined us to discuss this vitally important
issue.
The Senate should begin debating the
Pain-Capable Unborn Child Protection Act in the next few weeks. I
would encourage you to personally contact Senators Michael Bennet and Cory
Gardner and strongly urge them to support the bill in the
Senate.
A PLAN TO REPLACE
OBAMACARE
The Republican Study
Committee, the caucus of House Conservatives, has released the American
Health Care Reform Act (AHRCA). This bill, cosponsored by Congressman
Doug Lamborn, is designed to repeal Obamacare and replace it with
free-market solutions and patient-oriented reforms and
improvements.
Any replacement for
Obamacare needs to improve on the mess it made of the American health care
system. That's why the reforms outlined in the AHRCA are so vitally
important to the future of this nation. Why should Americans have to settle
for a bloated, failed, and convoluted system like Obamacare when
there are comprehensive replace and reform packages available? We must
pass this legislation so that we can begin to expand access, lower costs,
and return patients to a position of control over their own health
care decisions.
Bill
Information (Courtesy of the Republican Study
Committee)
Fully Repeals Obamacare.
AHCRA
goes into effect on January 1, 2016 and fully repeals the presidents
health care law.
Increases Access to Affordable, Portable Health
Insurance.
AHCRA levels the playing field between people who receive their insurance
through their employer and those who purchase it on
the individual market by
creating a standard deduction for health insurance. Under the RSCs plan, individuals
with qualifying insurance receive a $7,500 tax deduction and families
receive a $20,500 deduction.
Expands Insurance Access for Vulnerable
Americans.
AHCRA ensures those with
pre-existing conditions have access to health insurance by expanding federal
support for state high-risk pools and expanding portability so
Americans can easily move between insurance markets without fear
of discrimination based on health
status.
Spurs Competition Between
Insurers . AHCRA allows people to shop for and purchase insurance plans
across state lines, like other forms of insurance already allow. The
plan also allows small businesses to pool together to negotiate for
better rates.
Encourages Innovation.
AHCRA establishes an eight year, $15
billion spending fund through the National Institute of Health (NIH)
to develop biomedical breakthroughs in the five diseases that cost the
most American lives each year: heart disease, cancer, stroke,
Alzheimers and diabetes. It would also create a $1 billion prize,
similar to the X Prize, for a cure to Alzheimer's disease.
Please click
HERE
to read a two page summary of the
AHCRA.
Please
click
HERE
to read the
section-by-section summary of the
AHCRA.
JERUSALEM IS A PART OF
ISRAEL
I am deeply disappointed by the U.S. Supreme Court
decision in the matter of Zivotofsky v. Kerry. Unfortunately the court
followed arguments put forward by the State Department, arguments that
are political in substance and lack legal logic. In an attempt to
avoid political sensitivities the court decision resulted in bad law,
offsetting the balance of powers between Congress and the
Administration on matters of foreign affairs. Jerusalem is not Crimea and
Israel is definitely not Russia. I will continue to work in Congress to
maintain Jerusalem as the united capital city of Israel as a Jewish
state, and for the United States recognition of its justified sovereignty
over the
city.
Interesting Articles and
Recommended Reading
New EPA Rule Not Good For
Colorado
by The Denver Post **Article Features
Congressman Lamborn**
The Shale Boom Shifts Into Higher
Gear
by Donald Luskin and Michael
Warren
The Obam
Doctrine's U.N. Failure
by Sohrab
Ahmari
The EPA Fracking Miracle
by the Wall Street
Journal
Social Media Update
If you would like to follow me on twitter please find me at
@RepDLamborn
On
my
Facebook
this week constituents shared their thoughts on EPA rules and
regulations recently proposed for Colorado:
Carrie Miller
-
Vote against and defund this bloat of
government.
Bob
Cherry
-
You know that if government
gets their fingers on it, it is going to be royally messed
up.
Joe Lima
-
It is time to tell the EPA, and all these other government
agencies, to leave Americans alone and let the states govern their
territories.
Carl Vincent Young III
-
Put the brakes on this one and shoot the
tires.
CONTACT INFORMATION
WASHINGTON OFFICE
2402 Rayburn HOB |
Washington, DC 20515
Phone: (202) 225-4422
Fax: (202)
226-2638
DISTRICT OFFICES 1125 Kelly Johnson Blvd., Suite
330
Colorado Springs, CO 80920
Phone: (719)
520-0055 |
Fax: (719) 520-0840
DISTRICT OFFICES
415 Main Street |
Buena Vista, CO 81211
Phone: (719) 520-0055 |
Fax: (719) 520-0840
Update My
Profile
-
Unsubscribe
-
Privacy
Policy
gateway mail end
