
Official Site
Constituent Services
News
Contact
U.S. Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell&rsquo;s eNewsletter - - Week of May 11, 2015
Senator McConnell Honors Nation&rsquo;s Law-Enforcement Officers
This week, our nation&rsquo;s capital welcomed thousands of law-enforcement officers for National Police Week, a time that police officers rededicate themselves to the pursuit of justice and to honor fallen officers.
On Thursday, Senator McConnell welcomed to his office in the U.S. Capitol members of the Kentucky Fraternal Order of Police and discussed issues important to our law enforcement in Kentucky and across the nation.
During the week, Senator McConnell delivered remarks on the Senate Floor celebrating National Police Week and paid tribute to the brave and honorable peace officers who have fallen in the line of duty.
Senator McConnell said, &ldquo;I want to especially recognize the many men and women who protect and serve as peace officers in my home State of Kentucky. Today I had the pleasure of meeting with some of Kentucky&rsquo;s finest. I want to personally thank them for courageously risking their lives in service of people across the Commonwealth.
&ldquo;I know my colleagues in the U.S. Senate join me in holding the deepest admiration and respect for the many brave law-enforcement officers across Kentucky and the Nation. Theirs is both an honorable profession and a dangerous one. It is also a necessary one, because the peace and order of a civil society that we all take for granted could not exist without them.&rdquo;
Click the image below to view Senator McConnell&rsquo;s floor speech.
Senator McConnell Co-Sponsors Adoptive Family Relief Act
On Tuesday, Senator McConnell co-sponsored legislation that would assist families adopting from the Democratic Republic of the Congo (DRC). The bipartisan Adoptive Family Relief Act would allow the U.S. Department of State to waive fees for adoptive families who must continually renew the visas for their adopted children who remain unable to travel to the U.S., such as in the case of the ongoing exit permit suspension in the DRC.
&ldquo;Over the years, I have worked closely with Kentucky families to assist them in bringing their children home from the DRC,&rdquo; Senator McConnell said. &ldquo;Many of these families continue to pay for visa renewals, because of the delay in obtaining exit permits. This is a costly process, and the practical relief that this bill would provide to Kentucky families could help reduce the financial burden they face when trying to clear the hurdles to bring their children home. I am proud to support this common-sense legislation, and I thank my colleagues in the U.S. Senate for their continued bipartisan work to find a solution to this heartbreaking issue.&rdquo;
Since September 2013, the DRC has refused to issue exit permits to children who were legally adopted by American families &ndash; more than 350 families have been impacted, including approximately 20 in Kentucky.
Click
HERE
to read more from SurfKY News in western Kentucky.
Obamacare is Hurting Kentucky Hospitals
On Thursday, Senator McConnell spoke on the Senate Floor regarding the broken promises of Obamacare and the impact on Kentucky families and hospitals.
Senator McConnell said, &ldquo;In Kentucky, we&rsquo;re seeing how hospitals and their patients are feeling the negative effects of this partisan law&hellip;A recent report showed that Obamacare&rsquo;s multi-billion dollar attack on hospitals in Kentucky is expected to result in a net loss of $1 billion over the next few years.
He continued, &ldquo;These hospitals are expected to lose more money under Obamacare than they&rsquo;re expected to gain in new revenue from expanded coverage. And, largely due to Obamacare, these losses are forcing Kentucky hospitals to cut jobs, reduce or freeze wages, and &mdash; in some instances &mdash; even close altogether.&rdquo;
&ldquo;But here&rsquo;s the good news. The new Congress just passed a balanced budget last week with legislative tools that will allow us to begin to address Obamacare&rsquo;s broken promises.&rdquo;
Click
HERE
to read more about Senator McConnell&rsquo;s speech from Berea Online in Madison County.
Click the image below to view the Senator&rsquo;s floor remarks.
Senator McConnell Receives Award for Conservative Achievement
On Tuesday, Senator McConnell was honored to receive the Award for Conservative Achievement from The American Conservative Union (ACU). Senator McConnell was recognized by ACU for his commitment to America&rsquo;s fundamental principles and the Constitution.
ACU Chairman Matt Schlapp presents Senator McConnell with the Award for Conservative Achievement.
Welcome to Washington, D.C.
On Tuesday, Senator McConnell welcomed to his office in the U.S. Capitol the Kentucky Chapter for the ALS Association.
On Wednesday, Senator McConnell met Dr. Nancy Swikert, a family physician in Union, Kentucky, during her visit to Washington for the Family Medicine Congressional Conference.
On Thursday, Senator McConnell met with members of Greater Louisville Incorporated and spoke about Obamacare, tax reform, and our nation&rsquo;s economy.
Also on Thursday, Senator McConnell spoke with Kentuckians and other leaders of the Northern Kentucky/Cincinnati community about issues important to their region.
If you&rsquo;re planning a trip to Washington, D.C., please check out Senator McConnell's
website
and visit his office while you are in town. Every week, Senator McConnell welcomes to his office in the U.S. Capitol many Kentuckians from across the Commonwealth visiting D.C. to meet with Senator McConnell and discuss issues of importance to Kentucky. Also, the Senator&rsquo;s office has information on tours, places to visit and local restaurants to help make your trip to the nation&rsquo;s capital one to remember.
In the Media
On Monday, John David Dyche, a political commentator for WDRB-TV in Louisville, penned a column,
&ldquo;McConnell Much Better Senate Leader Than Reid,&rdquo;
writing that under the leadership of Senate Majority Leader McConnell, the Senate is working again.
McConnell, already respected as one of the Senate's best deal-makers, declared that as the new majority leader he would make the Senate work again&hellip;He has kept his promise. The Senate is again operating as the Constitution and the Founders contemplated, and as it long did before the regrettable Reid interregnum. National media have had no choice but to notice.
McConnell's success in leading the Senate should not surprise many, if any, Kentuckians as it has some nationally. His home state voters already knew that he was a highly skilled political operator who keeps his word.
Click
HERE
to read the full column.
On Thursday, the Kentucky New Era in Hopkinsville, Kentucky, editorialized,
&ldquo;McConnell Once Again Shows How to Govern.&rdquo;
They wrote,
&ldquo;&hellip;if other lawmakers can learn something from McConnell&rsquo;s comportment&hellip;Let&rsquo;s hope some of McConnell&rsquo;s approach to governing gets the respect it deserves from other Republicans and Democrats in Washington.&rdquo;
On Tuesday, Senator McConnell and GOP Senators hosted a media stakeout in the U.S. Capitol.
Coming Up&hellip;
U.S. Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell will appear on ABC&rsquo;s &ldquo;This Week&rdquo; on Sunday, May 17th. Check your local listings for broadcast times in your area.
Keeping Up With Senator McConnell
Keep up with the latest news and alerts from our nation&rsquo;s capital as well as updates on things happening in Kentucky by becoming a fan of Senator McConnell&rsquo;s
Facebook
page, and get the latest news from Senator McConnell&rsquo;s Press Office on Twitter at
@McConnellPress
and on Instagram at
@McConnellPress .
For a more behind-the-scenes view of the Senate Majority Leader's office, be sure to follow
@SenateMajLdr
on Twitter and
@SenateMajLdr
on Instagram.
Get this newsletter delivered to your inbox by signing up
HERE
Official Site
|
Privacy Policy
|
Unsubscribe
