
Website
|
About
|
Contact Me
|
Serving You
|
Media Center
|
Legislative Work
|
Our District
|
Resources
June 14, 2015
The Scalise Capitol Report
In The News
Fuel mandates receive backlash from Louisiana lawmakers
Rep. Scalise reacts to White House slamming Congress over cyber attack
A Congressional Baseball All-Star Team
Louisiana Guardsman to get Arlington burial
Fighting for the Conservative Principles of American Trade
Establishing the process of Trade Priorities and Accountability
(TPA) is a huge victory for the conservative principles I proudly fight for on behalf of Louisianas First Congressional District. TPA advances American trade in a way that is effective and enforceable so our workers can gain a competitive advantage when we sell the goods and services we make here all around the world. TPA also increases transparency so we can hold this Administration accountable; it gives Congress the authority to write the rules and ultimately veto any future trade agreement that does not contain the conservative principles that are critical to creating a healthy economy.
Click above to watch my remarks at a TPA press conference
Countries like China have written the rules of the road in regions like Asia for far too long. It's time for the United States of America to lead again in trade negotiations so American workers can compete and win.
Meeting with Andrew Liveris, CEO of The Dow Chemical Company, about TPA. Dow creates 3,000 jobs in Louisiana.
Im proud of House Republicans for coming together to pass TPA legislation to give American workers that competitive edge. The world is now watching, and our allies need to know that America is the global leader, and that we are setting the rules of the road on trade. The President has some work to do over the next several days to uphold his end of the bargain, and the House will continue this process to help create good-paying jobs, grow our economy, and strengthen our national security.
On the House floor, sharing how American Trade gets us back in the game so our workers can compete. And when American workers compete, we win.
Pressing this Administration for Answers to Recent Cyber Hacks
Our cyber infrastructure is under attack and personal information is being stolen by hackers and foreign governments. Information is being sold on the black market or collected to gather intelligence by foreign governments. The hack on the Office of Personnel Management (OPM) that was recently reported demonstrates the need to do more to protect our cyber networks and personal data. The Republican House has passed two bills to increase protections of individual citizens, private companies, and federal agencies. These bills will help give our nation the tools needed to protect individual privacy, personal and government information, and I urge the Senate to pass them without delay so they can be enacted into law.
Discussing measures the House has taken to protect American citizens from cyber hacks on Fox News. Click the photo above to watch the interview.
Keeping the Internet Free of Taxes
You should not be taxed to access the Internet, which is why the Republican House passed the Permanent Internet Tax Freedom Act. This legislation ensures that hard-working families and small businesses continue to have access to the Internet without the threat of additional taxes being imposed upon them. A free and open Internet, protected from the threat of government taxation, is a powerful tool and critical to growing a healthy American economy.
Playing Baseball for Charity
Since 1909, the Congressional Baseball Game has been a great way to raise money for charity and a friendly competition amongst Members of Congress. Each year that I have played, Ive worn jerseys that represent Louisiana teams, and this year, I proudly wore a University of New Orleans jersey. No matter the score, we always have a lot of fun to help raise money for a good cause.
It is an honor to represent you in Congress. For more information please visit my
website ,
Twitter ,
Instagram , and
Facebook
pages.
God Bless,
Steve Scalise
House Majority Whip
WEBSITE
|
UNSUBSCRIBE
|
CONTACT
Washington DC Office
2338 Rayburn HOB
Washington, DC 20515
Phone: (202) 225-3015
Houma Office
8026 Main Street
Suite 700
Houma, LA 70360
Phone: (985) 879-2300
Metairie Office
110 Veterans Boulevard
Suite 500
Metairie, LA 70005
Phone: (504) 837-1259
Mandeville Office
21454 Koop Drive
Suite 1E
Mandeville, LA 70471
Phone: (985) 893-9064
Hammond Office
1514 Martens Drive
Suite 10
Hammond, LA 70401
Phone: (985) 340-2185
Click Here Click Here