
Trouble viewing this email?
Click here to open this message in your browser.
May 30, 2015
Dear Friends,
I would like to share this week&rsquo;s edition of Jackie&rsquo;s Reading Picks, a compilation of articles that have piqued my interest over the week. You can find this week&rsquo;s selection and others on my website in the
Jackie&rsquo;s Reading Picks
section.
Happy reading!
All the best,
Cuba Has A Lung Cancer Vaccine, And Now It Could Be Coming To The USA
By CAROLINE REID, IFL Science!
Cuba launched the world's first lung cancer vaccine, Cimavax, to the public back in 2011. Each shot costs about $1, but the Cuban government has made the vaccine available to the public for free. Now it's 2015, and other countries are starting to get curious and want to get their hands on it too.
The Center of Molecular Immunology, Cuba, has finalized agreements with the Roswell Park Cancer Institute, USA, to embark on a project that aims to develop a lung cancer vaccine that was first made in Cuba and begin to introduce it into the United States. This will involve gaining Food and Drug Administration (FDA) approval for the vaccine and starting clinical trials.
Read more
here .
White House Warns Insurers About Surcharges and Gaps for Contraception
by ROBERT PEAR, NY Times
The Obama administration on Monday put health insurance companies on notice that they must cover all forms of female contraception, including the patch and intrauterine devices, without imposing co-payments or other charges.
In the last month, the National Women&rsquo;s Law Center and the Kaiser Family Foundation issued separate reports finding that insurers had often flouted a federal requirement to provide free coverage of birth control for women under the Affordable Care Act.
Senator Patty Murray of Washington, the senior Democrat on the Senate health committee, and Gretchen Borchelt, a vice president of the women&rsquo;s law center, praised the action by the administration.
Read more
here .
"You Cannot Claim to Have Any Ideas About Family Values Unless You Value Fathers"
by REBECCA TRAISTER, New Republic
It&rsquo;s a strange season in America, at least if you care about feminist social policies that have for decades felt wholly out of reach. It&rsquo;s not just Kirsten Gillibrand and Rosa DeLauro and Hillary Clinton advocating for paid family leave; Barack Obama discussed it in the State of the Union. Bernie Sanders is running for president and talking about equal pay for women. Bill de Blasio has mandated free pre-K in New York City. And Josh Levs, a 43-year-old CNN reporter has written a book, All In: How Our Work-First Culture Fails Dads,
Families, and Businesses &ndash; and How We Can Fix It Together, arguing that it is incumbent on men to become part of a conversation about gender equality in homes and in workplaces. Levs is a former NPR reporter who has, at CNN, developed a beat reporting on issues surrounding parenthood. In 2013, he filed an EEOC claim against Time Warner when, after the early birth of his third child, he was denied the ten paid weeks offered to mothers and to adoptive or surrogate fathers. He spoke to The New Republic by phone.
Read more
here .
Outside Man
By JESSE KATZ, California Sunday
Scott Budnick produced the Hangover movies. He&rsquo;s also one of the most effective advocates for prison reform in California. It doesn&rsquo;t make any sense until you see him at work.
Read more
here .
The State of the Bailout
Tracking Every Dollar and Every Recipient
By PAUL KIEL AND DAN NGUYEN, ProPublica
Below is a complete breakdown of the latest numbers in our bailout database. We&rsquo;re tracking every dollar and every recipient for both the broader $700 billion TARP bill and the separate bailout of Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac.
Read more
here .
Unsubscribe from future mailings.
View in Browser
Washington D.C. Office
2465 Rayburn House Office Building
Washington, DC 20515
Phone: (202) 225-3531
Fax: (202) 226-4183
San Mateo Office
155 Bovet Road, Suite 780
San Mateo, CA 94402
Phone: (650) 342-0300
Fax: (650) 375-8270
