
Keep Flood Victims in Your Prayers
Here I am in the Bastrop County Emergency Operations Center.
The last week or so has been a hard one in Texas. Floods in Wimberley have had a devastating impact not just on the affected areas, but Corpus Christi as well. Eight Corpus Christians are dead or missing, including Michelle Carey Charba (who tutored my daughters in elementary school), her parents Ralph and Sue Carey, her husband Randy, and six year old son Will.
Michelle's friend, former County Commissioner Joe McComb's son Jonathan survived but Jonathan's wife Laura and six year old son Andrew did not. Four year old Leighton McComb is still missing.
There has been an amazing outpouring of support for the families and in the search and rescue mission. Hundreds of Corpus Christians, including my wife Debbie, have been in Wimberley helping however they can.
Though I do not represent Hayes County, parts of nearby Caldwell and Bastrop Counties are in the 27th Congressional District. I have pledged to help the entire area in any way possible. Immediately after the floods, I visited the Bastrop County Emergency Operations Center and have been in contact with leaders throughout the district. High water and flooding continue to be a problem throughout Texas.
At the request of a constituent, I will also be investigating how emergency notification systems can be enhanced to make sure people have access to accurate and timely disaster information.
Please keep those suffering from the floods in your prayers.
Rescue Team 9 of Wimberley poses for a photo. Thank you to all our first responders and volunteers for their efforts during this time of need. Photo courtesy of Spence Pennington.
Texans Honor Fallen
The veterans band plays at the Coastal Bend State Veterans Cemetery 2015 Memorial Day Remembrance in Corpus Christi .
Monday last week was Memorial Day. I never cease to be amazed with how supportive Texas is of our military and those who served. It makes me proud to be a Texan. Representing 13 counties presents a challenge on holidays like Memorial Day, the 4 th
of July, and Veterans Day. There are celebrations, remembrances, and other events in almost every community. This Memorial Day holiday weekend I had the privilege of attending:
The "Scroll of Honor" Candlelight Ceremony sponsored by the Portland Rotary
The Corpus Christi Mayor's Committee for Veterans Affairs Ceremony
The Remembrance at Coastal Bend State Veterans Cemetary
The Disabled American Veterans - Chapter 150 - 9th Annual Memorial Day BBQ
The Memorial Day Ceremony at Rockport Beach Park
Members of my staff attended
A Memorial Commemoration hosted by Queen Hilliam VFW in Palacios
A Memorial Day Service in Wharton hosted by American Legion Post 87 and VFW Post 4474
American Legion Hillyard Post 346's annual Memorial Day Ceremony in Ganado
The Memorial Day Observance in Port Lavaca
The Memorial Day Ceremony hosted by VFW Post 2438 in Bay City
Seaside Memorial Park and Funeral Home Memorial Day Ceremony
Memorial Day Ceremony hosted by VFW Post 2932 in Aransas Pass
It meant a lot to me to see the great turn out at these events. I'm glad so many people remember the freedom that we enjoy comes at a high cost. We must never forget the sacrifices those who gave their lives (and their families) have made for freedom.
I was especially inspired by the memorial Rockport Eagle Scout, Chase Simpson, had erected honoring Gold Star Families.
Listening to Constituents
Last week I traveled through the district hosting roundtables and offering my support for flood relief.
Though I considered cancelling some of the roundtables in light of the flooding, I am glad I was able to combine things like visiting the Bastrop County Emergency Operations Center with meeting with folks to discuss a wide variety of issues . For example, at the Gonzales and Lavaca County Roundtables, I answered questions about President Obamas failed foreign policy. By appeasing extremist Iran and rewarding tyrannical Cuba, President Obama has both weakened U.S. power abroad and opened our nation to greater national security threats.
In Bay City and Jackson County, we discussed the EPAs proposed rule to regulate the waters of the United States.
Under this silly rule, the EPA would expand the Clean Water Act to cover not just navigable bodies of water, but seasonally dry creeks, ponds, and other obviously non-navigable waterways. This rule has enormous implications for farmers and business owners, which is why I voted, and the House passed, the Regulatory Integrity Protection Act to stop the EPAs new regulation in its tracks. Unfortunately the president and EPA are moving forward with these rules despite the House's no vote. Luling residents were interested in energy issues and Post Office problems. Throughout the district there was a lot of interest in reforms at the Department of Veterans Affairs, including my proposal to strip pay for chronically negligent VA employees. Also on people's minds were trade issues, border security, ISIS, and the Jade Helm training program.
Another failure by the IRS. This time they couldn't stop hackers from accessing taxpayer info - http://bit.ly/1FeqjVa
26 May 2015
US Constitution 2, illegal executive amnesty 0.
5th Circuit denies President Obamas DACA appeal.
http://politi.co/1FVaIQb
26 May 2015
View from the new Victoria College Conference and Education Center of the Caterpillar plant.
Enjoyed my Sunday evening by recognizing the sacrifices of our men and women in uniform at the Portland Rotary's Scroll of Honor Memorial Day event.
CONNECT
LATEST NEWS
Farenthold to visit flooded communities
Record Star
Folks across Coastal Bend honor fallen heroes
Action 10 KXTV
Special Report: Hunting for Lanchas
KRISTV
Friends remember Michelle Charba's philanthropy, 'incredible personality'
Corpus Christi Caller Times
Veterans group pushing for reforms
KRISTV
Rep. Farenthold Meets with Local Officials, Residents of Bastrop
Texas GOP Vote
River Authority to develop log jam plan
Victoria Advocate
A Woman on the $20 Bill
Texas GOP Vote
EXPECTED VOTES THIS WEEK
H.R. 404
- To authorize early repayment of obligations to the Bureau of Reclamation within the Northport Irrigation District in the State of Nebraska
H.R. 533
- To revoke the charter of incorporation of the Miami Tribe of Oklahoma at the request of that tribe, and for other purposes
H.R. 1168
- Native American Children's Safety Act
H.R. 979
- To designate a mountain in the John Muir wilderness of the Sierra National Forest as "Sky Point"
H.R. 336
- To direct the Administrator of General Services, on behalf of the Archivist of the United States, to convey certain Federal property located in the State of Alaska to the Municipality of Anchorage, Alaska
S. 802
- Girls Count Act of 2015
H.R. 1493
-Protect and Preserve International Cultural Property Act
H.R. 2578
- Commerce, Justice, Science, and Related Agency Appropriations Act, 2016
SNAPSHOTS
5/27 - There was a large turnout in El Campo to discuss the current recovery efforts after the recent flooding, the alternatives to Obamacare, and tax reform. We also discussed using technology to assist with border security and the latest updates on the fight against terrorism and ISIS.
5/27 - In Edna we discussed alternatives to Obamacare, the status of the Patriot Act, and the EPA's Waters of the U.S. rule. It was great to speak to the residents of Edna and see what concerns they had on their minds.
5/26
I had a great discussion in Hallettsville regarding replacing Obamacare, securing the border, and putting a stop to a nuclear Iran. I want to thank everyone for coming out to the roundtable meeting last week.
5/26 - I was pleased to present a certificate of Congressional Recognition to Rick Johnson, Commander of the Lockhart American Legion, following my round table discussion in Luling. Under his leadership, the American Legion hosted a Welcome Home Vietnam Veterans Ceremony on the 40th Anniversary of the end of the Vietnam War on April 18, 2015. Thanks for your service and welcome home, Rick!
5/26
I met with residents and city officials in Lulling to discuss VA reform, border security, and other local concerns. We had a great discussion on the executive overreach by the current White House administration. America is supposed to be a government of the people, by the people, for the people. Ill keep working to make sure it stays that way.
WEBSITE
|
UNSUBSCRIBE
|
CONTACT
Click Here Click Here