
HOME
|
About Mike
|
Contact YOUR Office
|
Serving You
|
Newsroom
|
Legislative Work
|
4th District
|
Resources
WEBSITE
| SHARE ON:
Greetings,
Our nation is indebted to our veterans and all of the men and women who serve and protect this great country.
The month of May marks National Military Appreciation Month
a time for all of us to honor and remember the men and women who selflessly give so much to defend the freedom we often take for granted.
I understand the dedication and sacrifice it takes to defend our freedom.
That is why it is a special privilege for me to spend time with Kansas veterans.
Last week I met members of Kansas Honor Flight No. 24 at the Wichita Eisenhower airport as they departed on their trip, and again when they visited the Vietnam Memorial in Washington, DC.
Kansas Honor Flight
arranges these experiences and sends our veterans to Washington to visit their own war memorial.
These memorials exist to proclaim that the liberties we enjoy today were earned through the bravery and sacrifice of many patriotic American soldiers.
It is always such a blessing to meet these heroes.
And great fun.
Kansas Honor Flight No. 24.
Click here
to see more pictures from my time with these remarkable warriors.
Just as the Kansas Honor Flight organization takes care of our local veterans, the House recently passed legislation to better care for our nations veterans and active-duty soldiers.
This appropriations bill
outlines a proposal to fund military construction
at home and abroad
and Veterans Affairs.
It funds the VA while creating new reforms to hold its leaders accountable.
Kansas veterans at the Dole VA hospital deserve world-class care every single time they seek services.
It also invests in quality of life improvements for our active-duty service members.
Over $4 million of this bill will go toward completing the work at McConnell AFB so that the facilities will be ready for the new KC-46A tanker in 2016.
This legislation demonstrates the commitment to the men and women in Kansas and across the nation who have served, and currently serve, this great country.
Military Construction and Veterans Affairs Appropriations bill by the numbers
( click here to enlarge document ).
I want to thank all who have served and who are currently serving for your commitment to ideals that make America so exceptional.
I salute you
and your families - for your sacrifice on behalf of our great country and thank you for having served so faithfully.
Sincerely,
Mike Pompeo
Member of Congress
Connect With Mike
NOTE: Please
DO NOT
respond to this email as this
inbox is unattended . To contact my office please
click here
WASHINGTON, DC OFFICE
436 Cannon HOB
Washington, DC 20515
Phone:
(202) 225-6216
Fax:
(202) 225-3489
WICHITA, KS OFFICE
7701 E. Kellogg, Suite 510
Wichita, KS 67207
Phone:
(316) 262-8992
Fax:
(316) 262-5309
UPDATE SUBSCRIPTION OPTIONS
|
PRIVACY POLICY
|
CONTACT US
Click Here Click Here