DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.0 Transitional//EN" "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml1/DTD/xhtml1-transitional.dtd"
I Want Your Thoughts on Washington Cronyism and the Export-Import Bank
The Dallas Morning News
agrees with me that the Export-Import Bank charter gives taxpayer-backed financing to foreign governments and companies at below-market rates, and that taxpayers would be better off if we let the so-called bank expire.
In case you missed it, read below for the full editorial in the Dallas Morning News.
I would like to
hear your thoughts
on this issue. Do you think it is appropriate to risk American taxpayers money on loans to foreign businesses, including state-owned companies in China and Russia, that compete with American companies?
Do you think it's okay that this agency ultimately works to the advantage of some American companies while disadvantaging others?
And is it fair that the agency's winners are overwhelmingly some of the largest multinational corporations in the U.S.?
To share your thoughts on this agency that props up the foundation of the Washington insider economy rather than the free-enterprise, Main Street competitive economy, please
click here .
The Dallas Morning News - Editorial: Congress should let Ex-Im charter expire
By Dallas Morning News Editorial Board
June 1, 2015
Congress returns to its business facing a question that manifestly affects our business: How much should the federal government jam a meaty thumb onto the scale and favor one company over another?
This is what the Export-Import Bank of the United States has done for more than 80 years. It gives taxpayer-backed financing to foreign governments and companies at below-market rates to help them buy U.S. goods. So, in theory, select U.S. exporters, their foreign customers and the banks that get loan guarantees all benefit.
The problem is that for each U.S. company that benefits, its domestic competitors face a tougher road. By definition, this puts the government in the position of choosing winners and losers in what should be a free market.
The nonpartisan Congressional Research Service reflected a consensus among economists in arguing: Subsidized export financing merely shifts production among sectors within the economy, rather than adding to the overall level of economic activity, and subsidizes foreign consumption at the expense of the domestic economy.
It was true in 2002, when those words were written. Its true today.
The good news is that Congress need do nothing to end the Ex-Im bank; its charter, after a last-ditch nine-month renewal, expires at the end of June. In recent weeks, we have seen intensified lobbying on the banks behalf by those U.S. corporations that benefit from its taxpayer-backed loan guarantees to foreign customers. ...
To read the full editorial from the Dallas Morning News,
please click here .
Yours respectfully,
Jeb Hensarling
Member of Congress
www.hensarling.house.gov
(202) 225-3484
DC
(903) 675-8288
Athens
(214) 349-9996
Dallas
Please do not respond to this email as this is an unattended mailbox.
If you would like to comment please
click here
or if you would like to sign up to receive my enewsletter please
click here .
Connect with me on:
Click Here Click Here