
News
from
Representative
Scott
Perry
June 14, 2015
This week I voted against the Trade Promotion Authority (TPA) bill. Free trade strengthens our economy. Im a strong proponent of free trade policies that ensure access to overseas markets for American companies and products. Yet ensuring transparency and accountability in government is one of my highest priorities. I opposed the Trade Promotion Authority bill in the House because it didnt do enough to affirm Congresss authority over international trade and give American citizens a stronger voice during the consideration of trade agreements. This legislation automatically renews TPA authority after three years unless Congress specifically blocks it, doesnt allow amendments on critical issues like currency manipulation. Thats backwards thinking - we need to provide more accountability and transparency to the trade negotiation process, not less. Im trying to find solutions and have co-sponsored legislation that requires any trade agreements be made public for 60 days before TPA is voted on. Thats the kind of transparency hard-working taxpayers rightly expect.
The Senate Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs Committee held a hearing that was a disturbing for me not only as Member of Congress, but also as military officer. With regard to hostage issues presently involving one of my constituents, Lieutenant Colonel Jason Amerine, U.S. Army Special Forces, has brought to light serious and critical flaws in this countrys hostage recovery efforts. After witnessing his testimony at the whistleblower hearing held today by the Senate Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs Committee, I was compelled to speak out in solidarity with Jason, who has served this country bravely, selflessly and loyally for over 26 years, has an impeccable and impressive service
record, and has made and witnessed sacrifices for this Nation too numerous to mention. Jason is a true American Warrior. But rather than even acknowledging his tenacity, integrity and fortitude, the Department of Defense and the Obama Administration have decided that treating him like a common thug is more appropriate
by suspending his security clearance, suspending him from his duty position, deleting his retirement orders, considering court martial and launching a criminal investigation against him.
Jason epitomizes the Army Values
the last tenet of which is Personal Courage - facing fear, danger or adversitywhich may be a long, slow process of continuing forward on the right path, especially when not popular with others. But rather than acknowledging his courage and investigating how to fix grievous errors in the hostage recovery process, Jason is now being vilified. Perhaps the unfortunate and regretful part of this debacle is the breathtakingly poor example were now setting for Service Members who are learning a lesson that never should be taught: that you should only do whats right when theres no fear of reprisal. This is not what this country was founded upon, not what it stands for, not what sets it apart from every other country in the world.
I thank Jason, applaud his personal courage and fortitude, and stand in support of him.
For more information about Lieutenant Colonel Jason Amerine and the recent Senate hearing click
here.
Sincerely,
Scott Perry
JOIN
ME
ON
Adams
County
Office
22
Chambersburg
Street
Gettysburg,
PA
17325
Phone:
717-338-1919
Fax:
717-334-6314
Cumberland/Dauphin
Counties
Office
730
North
Front
Street
Wormleysburg,
PA
17043
Phone:
717-635-9504
Fax:
717-635-9861
York
County
Office
2209
East
Market
Street
York,
PA
17402
Phone:
717-600-1919
Fax:
717-757-5001
Washington,
DC
Office
1207 Longworth HOB
Washington,
DC
20515
Phone:
202-225-5836
Fax:
202-226-1000
Sign
Up
for
the
Member's
Newsletter:
Subscribe
Unsubscribe
to
the
Member's
Newsletter:
Unsubscribe
Please
do
not
reply
to
this
email.
The
mailbox
is
unattended.
To
share
your
thoughts
please
visit
my
webpage
-
http://perry.house.gov
