
If
you are having trouble viewing this message or would like to share it
on a social network, you can
view the message online .
HOME
ABOUT ME
CONTACT ME
SERVING
YOU
MEDIA CENTER
OUR
DISTRICT
RESOURCES
June 08, 2015
Transportation, Housing
and Urban Development Appropriations
Click here to watch a
YouTube video of Congressman Yoder's floor
speech.
The 114th Congress is getting work done on appropriations bills
faster than any Congress since 1974.
As the Vice Chairman
of the THUD Appropriations Subcommittee, I spoke on the floor of the
House of Representatives last Wednesday on behalf of the
2016 Transportation, Housing and Urban
Development Appropriations Bill
- a bill that helps grow our
economy, improves safety, and smartly prioritizes
spending.
This week, the House will resume its consideration of the bill. I look
forward to its passage and urge my colleagues in the Senate to work
towards passing their version in the coming months so it can become
law.
Commerce, Justice, and Science
Appropriations
The House of Representatives passed the
2016 Commerce, Justice, and Science
Appropriations Bill . This bill prioritizes funding for various
federal agencies critical to our nations safety, economy, and
leadership in innovation and research. It provides $51.4 billion in
discretionary spending - $661 million less than the Presidents Budget Request -
and instead adheres to the balanced budget agreement between the House
and the Senate.
The bill provides our law enforcement officers,
counterterrorism agents, and cyber security experts with the resources they need
to keep Americans safe. Specifically, it continues the prohibition on
the transfer of detainees from the US Naval Facility in Guantanamo Bay
to Ft. Leavenworth in Kansas.
To keep America at the
global forefront of innovation, it also makes sound investments in
scientific research through agencies like the National Science
Foundation. It increases funding for NSF by $50 million above the last years
level to fund critical research on advanced manufacturing,
cybersecurity, neuroscience, and STEM education.
Defense
Appropriations
Last week with my support, the House
Appropriations Committee passed the
2016 Defense Appropriations
Bill . This bill responsibly provides funding to keep our nation safe at
home, support our military engagements abroad, and maintain and
improve the vital healthcare and benefits programs our servicemembers have
earned through their sacrifice.
This
bill follows the road map approved in the House and Senate balanced
budget agreement, providing $578.6 billion in discretionary funding for
the Department of Defense and $88.4 billion for the Global War on
Terrorism.
Global War on Terrorism (GWOT)
$88.4 billion
Military Personnel and Pay
$133.2
billion
Operation and Maintenance
$218.8
billion
Research and Development
$67.9 billion
Equipment
Procurement
$116.7 billion
Defense Health and
Military Family Programs
$31.7 billion
Savings and
Reductions to the Presidents Request
The bill reflects common-sense
decisions to save taxpayer dollars where possible in areas that will not
affect the safety or success of our troops and missions. Some of these
savings include: $1.15 billion for favorable foreign currency
fluctuations, $814 million from lower than expected fuel costs, and $870 million
in savings from rescissions of unused prior-year
funding.
In a world where threats to our security continue to
emerge in the Middle East in the form of ISIL and around the world in
would-be aggressors like Iran, Russia, and North Korea, providing our
defense community with the capability to meet its demands is more
important than ever.
Email Privacy Act
Click
here to watch a YouTube video of Congressman Yoder's floor
speech.
In light of the
USA Freedom Act
being
signed into law last week, I took to the House floor to call for the
passage of the
Email Privacy Act
to assure the
American people that our government has moved into the 21st Century and not
forgotten the Constitution along the way.
American
Health Care Reform Act
Last week, the Republican
Study Committee introduced the
American Health Care Reform Act , a bill to repeal and
replace Obamacare with a patient-centered, free-market solution to
reform our health care system. This is one of several alternatives to
Obamacare that Republicans in Congress have put forward since 2010, and
one that I believe would benefit American consumers without relying on
onerous mandates and massive tax increases.
This legislation levels the playing field between those with
employer-based insurance and those who purchase insurance on the individual
market. It does so by creating an above-the-line standard
deduction for health insurance (SDHI) in the tax code. Individuals with
qualifying health plans would receive a deduction of $7,500 applied to
income and payroll taxes and familes with qualifying plans would receive
$20,500. This will give added flexibility to employees and families
who feel tied to their current job because of their health insurance
coverage. According to the Kaiser Family Foundation, this plan would
result in a tax cut for the vast majority of
Americans.
Additionally, it will expand access to health savings accounts (HSAs) and
increase the maximum allowable contribution into HSAs. In order to
encourage better and healthier habits to prevent the need for costly
back-end care, it will allow employers to offer larger benefits than
currently permitted for the completion of a wellness
program.
In order to protect Americans with preexisting
conditions, the bill expands federal support for state high risk
pools to $25 billion over 10 years. This solution ensures that the
segment of the population that has been unable to obtain affordable
insurance in the past is now protected. To ensure coverage remains
affordable, the premiums in these pools will be capped under law at two times
the average premium in that particular state.
One of the biggest cost drivers in the health insurance
market is the lack of competition due to the limitation on options within
your own state. In order to inject more competition into the markets,
thereby driving down prices, our bill allows Americans to purchase
health insurance across state lines. Additionally, it allows small
businesses to pool together into larger groups with greater leverage to
negotiate better premium rates for their employees.
As a long-time advocate for increased funding for critical
research at the National Institutes of Health (NIH), I strongly support
the infusion of a $15 billion Medical Breakthrough Fund. This funding
will support the development of biomedical breakthroughs, potentially
leading to treatments and maybe even cures for the most lethal
diseases in the United States. The research supported by this fund will focus
on heart disease, cancer, stroke, Alzheimers, and diabetes, which
kill more than 1.5 million people a year and threaten to bankrupt our
health system in long-term costs.
Unlike Obamacare, our bill achieves all of these measures without raising a
single penny in taxes. As an original cosponsor, I urge my colleagues
in the House of Representatives to consider this proposal to get rid
of the wet blanket on our economy that is Obamacare. Hardworking
Americans deserve a health care system that puts the patients first and
doesn't rely on mandates and taxes imposed by central planners in
Washington.
Veterans' Mental Health Care Access
Act
Last week, I signed on as a cosponsor to
H.R. 1604 - the Veterans Mental Health Care
Access Act , which expands the Choice Card program at the
Department of Veterans' Affairs (VA) to allow veterans to seek
immediate mental health care at any facility eligible to receive reimbursement
through the Center for Medicare and Medicaid Services
(CMS).
The bill waives the current 30-day
waiting period and 40-mile distance provisions of the existing Choice Card
program, allowing a veteran to use their card to receive mental
health care.
It will increase the number of veterans who take
advantage of mental health care because they will access it in a more
confidential manner, with no fear of stigma, at a private
facility.
Given the national tragedy of veterans
suicide and continuing efforts to lessen the trend, I support this effort
and urge my colleagues in the House of Representatives to swiftly pass
this bill.
National Head Start Association Visit in DC
Congressman Yoder with NHSA President
Yasmina Vinci.
It was great to meet with
National Head Start Association 's Yasmina Vinci last week to
discuss the importance of the Head Start Program. As a member of the
Appropriations Committee, Ive worked hard to show my colleagues the value of
early childhood education so that it remains a top priority in
Congress, and was chosen as a recipient of the Head Start PROMISE Award by
NHSA in January. I look forward to continuing to advocate on behalf of
early childhood education and supporting investments in our childrens
future through Head Start.
Organ Donation Advocacy
Click here to read the
Kansas City Star 's coverage of Luke and Kim Harbur and their
advocacy through Gift of Life.
As a recent recipient
of the American Society of Transplantation's Legislator of the Year
Award, I will continue to support policies that remove disincentives to
organ donation, improve promotion and education regarding living organ
donation, develop better donor registries, and encourage collaboration
between government and private sector
groups.
Thank you to Luke and Kim Harbur for your advocacy on
this issue. We as policymakers need to work towards raising the donor
consent rates around the nation to levels that we see in Kansas and
the Midwest so we can continue to save lives through this amazing
gift.
Fact of the Week
If the voting ended today, the Kansas City Royals would be
sending
seven
players to start for the American League
All Star team.
If the vote holds, the Royals would become the
team with the most players starting for one All Star team since the
1957 Cincinnati Reds had seven of the eight position
players.
Voting ends on July 2. To cast your vote for our Kansas City
Royals players, click
here .
71st Anniversary of D-Day
Saturday marked the 71st anniversary of the invasion of Normandy by
the Allied Forces - led by Abilene, Kansas native General Dwight D.
Eisenhower - in 1944, a day in which 125,847 brave Americans fought for
their devotion to freedom and liberty.
Please join me
in thanking our veterans of WWII - the Greatest Generation - for their
heroic sacrifice.
Legislative Look
Ahead
TUESDAY, JUNE
9TH
H.R. 2088
- United States Grain
Standards Act Reauthorization Act
H.R. 2051
- Mandatory Price
Reporting Act
H.R. 2394
- National Forest Foundation Reauthorization
Act
H.R. 235
- Permanent Internet Tax Freedom
Act
H.R. 889
- Foreign
Cultural Exchange Jurisdictional Immunity Clarification
Act
H. Res.
295
- Supporting local law enforcement agencies in their continued work
to serve our communities, and supporting their use of body worn
cameras to promote transparency to protect both citizens and officers
alike
H.R. 2289
- Commodity End-User Relief
Act
Complete Consideration of
H.R. 2577
- Transportation, Housing and Urban Development, and
Related Agencies Appropriations Act for Fiscal Year
2016
WEDNESDAY, JUNE 10TH AND THE REST OF THE
WEEK
H.R. 2393
- Country of Origin Labeling Amendments
Act
H.R. 2685
- Department of
Defense Appropriations Act for Fiscal Year
2016
Possible Consideration of
H.R. 2596
- Intelligence Authorization Act for Fiscal Year
2016
Possible Consideration of Legislation
related to Trade
Weekly Legislative Wrap
Up
MONDAY, JUNE 1ST
H.R. 404
"To authorize early repayment of
obligations to the Bureau of Reclamation within the Northport Irrigation
District in the State of Nebraska."
PASSED BY VOICE VOTE
(YES)
H.R. 1168
Native American Children's Safety Act
PASSED BY VOICE VOTE
(YES)
H.R. 533
"To revoke the charter of incorporation of the
Miami Tribe of Oklahoma at the request of that tribe."
PASSED BY VOICE VOTE (YES)
H.R. 979
"To designate a mountain
in the John Muir Wilderness of the Sierra National Forest as "Sky
Point"."
PASSED BY VOICE VOTE
(YES)
H.R. 336
"To
direct the Administrator of General Services, on behalf of the Archivist
of the United States, to convey certain Federal property located in
the State of Alaska to the Municipality of Anchorage, Alaska."
PASSED BY VOICE VOTE
(YES)
H.R. 944
"To reauthorize the
National Estuary Program, and for other purposes."
PASSED
BY VOICE VOTE (YES)
H.R. 1335
Strengthening Fishing
Communities and Increasing Flexibility in Fisheries Management Act
PASSED 225
152 (YES)
S. 802
Girls Count Act
PASSED BY VOICE VOTE
(YES)
H.R. 1493
Protect and Preserve
International Cultural Property Act
PASSED BY VOICE VOTE
(YES)
TUESDAY, JUNE
2ND
Various amendments
to
H.R. 2578
Commerce, Justice,
Science, and Related Agencies Appropriations Act for Fiscal Year
2016
WEDNESDAY, JUNE
3RD
Continued consideration of
amendments to
H.R. 2578
Commerce, Justice, Science, and Related Agencies Appropriations Act for
Fiscal Year 2016
Final
Passage of
H.R. 2578
Commerce,
Justice, Science, and Related Agencies Appropriations Act for Fiscal
Year 2016
PASSED 242
183
(YES)
Various amendments to
H.R. 2577
Transportation, Housing and Urban Development,
and Related Agencies Appropriations Act for Fiscal Year
2016
THURSDAY, JUNE
4TH
Continued consideration of amendments to
H.R. 2577
Transportation,
Housing and Urban Development, and Related Agencies Appropriations Act
for Fiscal Year 2016
Staff Community Office
Hours
My staff can assist you from 8:00 AM - 5:00 PM,
Monday through Friday in my Overland Park Office. They can help with any
issues or concerns, as well as to provide assistance with federal
agencies and programs, including Veterans' Affairs, Medicare, Social
Security, Passports, and Visas.
Also, we
periodically have Staff Community Office Hours throughout the district.
If you are unable to visit my office, please consider coming to the
following location if it is more convenient for
you:
10:30 AM - Noon on July
9
Bonner
Springs Library
201 N Nettleton AveB
Bonner
Springs, KS 66012
Tell a Friend
E-mail:
E-mail:
E-mail:
Please click below to
follow me on Twitter, Facebook, Instagram, Medium and YouTube.
Washington, DC
215 Cannon
HOB
Washington, DC 20515
Phone: (202) 225-2865
Hours:
Monday-Friday
9:00AM -6:00PM EST
Overland
Park
7325 W. 79th St.
Overland Park, KS
66204
Phone: (913) 621-0832
Fax: (913) 621-1533
Hours: Monday-Friday
8:00AM -5:00PM CST
Unsubscribe
|
Update My Profile
|
Privacy
Policy
gateway mail end
