
Fellow Illinoisans,
Through a series of recent
casesincluding the infamous
Citizens United
decisionthe
Supreme Court has allowed wealthy,
well-connected campaign donors and special
interests to unleash a deluge of cash in an
effort to sway federal, state, and local
elections across our nation.
Click Here to Read More On My
Website
When it comes to understanding the
influence of wealthy donors and special
interests on federal elections, the numbers
speak for themselves.
In the 2014 midterm elections, an
estimated 4.75 million people gave $356
million through small-dollar donations of
$200 or less to federal candidates, national
party committees, PACs, Super PACs, and 527
organizations. In contrast, the 100
biggest donors contributed a comparable $323
million.
As astonishing as these figures are, they
dont include the $173 million spent in
the 2014 election cycle by tax-exempt
dark money groups that are not
required to publicly disclose their
donors.
These deep-pocketed special interests are
aiming to control the agenda in Congress.
Its time to fight back.
Reforming the Campaign Finance System:
Fair Elections Now Act
We need a system that allows candidates to
focus on constituents instead of
fundraisinga system that encourages
ordinary Americans to make their voice heard
with small, affordable donations to the
candidate of their choice.
This week, I introduced the
Fair Elections Now Act
with 17 other
Senators. While this bill cannot solve all of
the problems facing our nations
campaign finance system, the Fair Elections
Now Act will dramatically change the way
campaigns are funded.
This bill allows candidates to focus on
the people they represent, regardless of
whether those people have the wealth to
attend a big money fundraiser or donate
thousands of dollars.
Watch My Video to Learn More About
How Fair Elections Will Work
The Need for Fair Elections
Our country is facing major challenges. We
need to continue to create more jobs and
restore economic security for the middle
class. We need to build and sustain our
transportation infrastructure. We need to fix
our broken immigration system. We need to
ensure that the right to vote is protected
and preserved.
But with high-powered, special interest
lobbyists fighting every proposal to make our
country stronger, it is incredibly difficult
for members of Congress to make progress on
behalf of their constituents.
Everyone is entitled to a seat at the
table, but wealthy donors and big
corporations shouldnt be able to buy
every seat.
The Fair Elections Now Act will reform our
campaign finance system so that members of
Congress can focus on implementing policies
in the best interest of the people who
elected themnot just the wealthy
donors and special interests that bankrolled
their success.
Tweet Your Support Using The
Hasthtag: #FairElectionsNow
Sincerely,
Dick Durbin
United States Senator
If you did not sign up to receive this email or no longer
wish to receive future updates, please
click here to unsubscribe .
Sent from the office of U.S. Senator Dick Durbin