
If you are having trouble viewing this message or would
like to share it on a social network, you can
view the message online .
Home
|
About
|
How Can I
Help?
|
Media
|
Issues
|
The 6th District
Dear Friends:
Last weekend I spoke at several Memorial
Day events to honor our veterans and to specifically remember those who
served our nation and made the ultimate sacrifice in defense of our
freedom.
Speaking at the Memorial Day ceremony at Fort
Logan National Cemetery always has a special meaning for me.
My
late father, Army Master Sergeant Harold J. Coffman, is buried
there.
My fathers last assignment with the Army was at
Fitzsimmons Army Medical Center which has since been closed and is now
home to the thriving Anschutz Medical
Campus.
In
1969, at the age of 14, I volunteered at the Army hospital as a member of
the Junior Red Cross during the Vietnam War.
There we did what
would could to make the lives of the wounded soldiers a little better
given that their morale was very low.
As the American
people became more divided about their support for the war they also grew
increasingly divided about their support for those who fought in that
war.
Many who returned were never thanked for their
extraordinary sacrifices.
As a member of the House Veterans Affairs
Committee, I want to make sure that the men and women who return home
from the battlefield today are never treated like those who returned
home from Vietnam.
I also want to make sure that the men
and women who serve our nation receive the health care and other
benefits that they have earned through their military
service.
On the same grounds of the former Army hospital is now a half
built, dramatically over budget, VA hospital that, once built, will provide
the health care to the men and women who served our nation in
uniform. Due to the VAs failures there is not currently enough money to
finish the hospital and the question is where and how to pay for its
completion.
There are those in Congress who dismiss the need
to complete this hospital and view it as a local problem.
Next
week, when I return to Congress, I will remind my colleagues that this
replacement hospital was mismanaged by the Veterans Administration, a
department of the federal government headquartered in Washington, D.C.
and that the men and women that this hospital is slated to care for
served our nation and it is this nation that has an obligation to
provide them the health care they have
earned.
No doubt, I
will also continue to fight to make sure that the VA is no longer in the
construction management business and that an outside investigation is
completed to make sure that those who are responsible are held
accountable.
Sincerely,
Mike Coffman
U.S.
Representative
If you
would like to sign up to receive regular email updates from Mike,
please visit
this
link
$ 18,159,428,710,321,765
Share on Facebook
Share on Twitter
Share on LinkedIn
A Drive for Swing State Votes has Colorado's Latinos
Listening
By: Jack Healy
New York
Times
Published May 26th,
2015
Under the red roof of Lupitas Mexican Restaurant, Elizabeth
Oxley and her 23-year-old daughter, Leticia, work seven days a week,
from breakfast to last call, to keep pace with the price of their
familys American dream. There is a $250,000 renovation on their restaurant
to pay off. Mortgage bills. College
loans.
I cannot
put my head up, said Ms. Oxley, 58, who was born in a mountain village
in Peru and came here decades ago and overstayed a tourist visa. She
spent years working in restaurants and food stands, and now, as a
citizen, she is part of a Latino boom reshaping life and politics in
once-reliably conservative corners of this
state.
Demonstrators outside federal appeals court in New Orleans last month. A panel of
the court decided Tuesday not to lift a hold on President Obama's
immigration executive actions.Federal Panel Lets Injunction Against
Obamas Immigration Actions StandMAY 26, 2015
Marco Rubio at
the announcement of his candidacy in April with his wife, Jeanette, and
their children.Marco Rubios Immigrant Story, and an Aging Party in
Search of a SparkMAY 7, 2015
Jeb Bush, a former Florida
governor, posed for photographs with supporters after a town hall
meeting on Tuesday in Bayamon.Jeb Bush Visits Puerto Rico in Hopes of
Reconnecting With Hispanic VotersAPRIL 28,
2015
Workers
canvassing for Mi Familia Vota, a group focusing on Hispanics, in Colorado
on Tuesday.G.O.P.s Inroads With Latinos Hint at a Path for 2016NOV.
5, 2014
Ms. Oxley embraced an America embodied by the
local Chamber of Commerce and the Republican Party. Her daughter, the
first in the family born in the United States and more socially liberal,
is bound for design school in Manhattan and mostly votes for
Democrats. But some of their ideas do not fit neatly into party dogma. The
elder Ms. Oxley says undocumented immigrants deserve legal status, and the
younger sometimes chafes at paying into a social safety net when she
cannot afford to get drinks with
friends.
Leticia Oxley
cleaning up last week. She is the first in her family born in the
United States. Credit Matthew Staver for The New York
Times
The Oxleys restaurant sits on an immigrant-rich avenue
sprinkled
with taquerias, money-wiring services and Mexican markets
in a swing
state that is likely to become a laboratory for the aspirations and
anxieties of Republicans and Democrats in next years presidential
election. Both parties are planning an aggressive courtship of Latino
voters, with Democrats seeking to cement their hold on this critical bloc
and Republicans trying to chip away at that advantage, perhaps by
nominating a candidate like Senator Marco Rubio, the son of Cuban
immigrants, or Jeb Bush, the Spanish-speaking former governor of
Florida.
This month, Hillary Rodham Clinton announced an immigration
policy in Nevada (27 percent Hispanic) that calls for a path to
citizenship, and said she would support and expand on President Obamas
immigration actions. Mr. Bush has made a number of high-profile appearances
before Latinos, including one at a town-hall meeting in Puerto
Rico.
Latinos in Colorado and across the country vote
Democratic by more than 60 percent, according to the Pew Hispanic Center, and
were a pillar of Mr. Obamas coalition in the last two presidential
elections. But Cory Gardner, a Republican, unseated Mark Udall, the
Democrat, in the Senate race in Colorado last year after breaking with
Republicans on some immigration votes. And in Aurora,
Representative Mike Coffman , a Republican who once supported denying
automatic citizenship to the American-born children of unauthorized
immigrants, held on to his seat in a district that was redrawn to become 20
percent Hispanic.
Republicans say they revived their
fortunes in part by turning away from the talk about amnesty and
illegals embodied by immigration hard-liners like Tom Tancredo, who held
Mr. Coffmans
seat for a decade until 2009. The party
lost Latino voters by more than 40 points in 2012, surveys showed. To
change that, moderate Republicans said, candidates have to stop
talking about border fences and self-deportation and plant roots in
immigrant neighborhoods.
You have to begin with treating
members of that community with respect and not adopting that harsh
tone that weve seen with some Republican officials and candidates, said
Ryan Call, the former state Republican Party chairman. There is a
danger with candidates pursuing the nomination. Some of the rhetoric and
tone has the potential to alienate a significant amount of the
population among our Hispanic neighbors.
Whether they take
that path may depend on which candidate emerges from primaries dominated
by conservative voters. Interviews with Latino voters here and across
Colorado also underscored the difficulty of scrubbing away an
anti-immigrant image that has alienated potential Latino voters after two
years of skirmishes in Congress in which the Republican-led House killed
a bipartisan Senate bill that included a path to citizenship for 11
million immigrants illegally in the
country.
Christian
Jimenez, 25, the son of Mexican immigrants who owns a cleaning business
and ministers to drug-addicted youths in Aurora, said he agreed with
Republicans on many issues. He opposes same-sex marriage, abortion and
Colorados legalization of marijuana. But when it came time to vote,
Mr. Jimenez said, he could not vote
Republican.
Immigration, he said. We have the same values, but they dont want to change
on that one thing. If somebody had the right stance on that issue, Id
work for them and canvass for them.
Rigoberto Mendez,
a caseworker for children with disabilities in the Denver suburb of
Lakewood, said he considered himself an independent conservative, but
voted twice for Mr. Obama. His parents crossed from Mexico into Texas,
and he was born in the United States. He said the legal challenges to
Mr. Obamas moves on immigration and Congresss failure to pass
comprehensive reform had transformed the issue into a litmus test at the
ballot box.
The most important thing is what it is theyre
doing to simplify the immigration piece, he said. They dont have a
rap sheet, they are not criminals. They come simply to
work.
Still, Republicans in Colorado say candidates who support even
modest immigration changes can bridge a gap between Republicans and
Hispanic voters, and shore up support that has eroded in election after
election since George W. Bush won 40 percent of the Hispanic vote in
2004. In 2012, Mitt Romney won just 27 percent of Latino votes,
according to an analysis by the Pew Hispanic
Center.
Christian
Jimenez said he agreed with Republicans on many issues but had been
unable to vote for a Republican. Credit Matthew Staver for The New York
Times
They point to Mr. Coffman. Facing a suddenly
diverse voting bloc and a fierce challenge from Democrats, he softened his
stance on immigration and learned Spanish, one of 120 languages spoken
in Auroras public schools.
He and his opponent
Andrew
Romanoff, a former speaker of the Colorado House
debated in
Spanish.
Mr. Coffman
personally called hundreds of
Spanish-speaking voters, said his campaign manager, Tyler Sandberg. Democrats
called
Mr. Coffmans
shift an insincere conversion,
but in November, he handily won
re-election.
These days,
Mr. Coffman
regularly meets with Latino church leaders
and immigrant groups when he comes home, and is still taking Spanish
lessons. This year, the states Republican Party set up a table at the
Cinco de Mayo festival in Denver.
They saw that out of
respect for the community that I had made the effort to reach out,
The Associated Press quoted
Mr. Coffman
as saying this
month at Paxia, a Mexican restaurant in Denver, where he and the
chairman of the Republican National Committee had stopped to promote their
partys successes.
Still, Democrats in Colorado have
deep ties to the Latino community. Of the states 11 Latino state
legislators, just two are Republicans. And in recent years, Democrats have
passed laws giving drivers licenses and in-state tuition to
unauthorized immigrants. This year, Republicans controlling one chamber of the
General Assembly tried to gut funding for the drivers license program.
The debate showcased the divide between conservative and moderate
Republicans on how their party talks to, and about,
immigrants.
But low Latino turnout in the 2014 midterm elections also
highlighted a peril for Democrats. The United States is now about 17 percent
Hispanic, but at the ballot box, only 10 percent of voters were
Hispanic in the last presidential election. The numbers are even lower in
off-year elections. In Colorado, which is 21 percent Latino, only about
14 percent vote in presidential-year elections, and the numbers are
lower in off years.
Across the country, Latino turnout in
2014 was five to 20 points lower than average turnout, according to
Latino Decisions, which studies Latino political
participation.
Of all the Coloradans who went to the polls last November to
vote in hotly contested races for Senate and governor, just 8.5 percent
were Latinos, the group said. Had they voted with average rates of
voter participation, some 52,000 more Latino votes would have been
cast.
There was very little investment in Latino turnout, and
it was too late in the game, said Arturo Carmona, executive director
of Presente.org, a California-based group that has been pushing
candidates to support immigration reform.
He said overhauling
immigration and whether candidates would support or dismantle Mr.
Obamas actions would be critical issues for Latino voters next year. In
November, a survey of 405 Latino voters conducted by his group and
Latino Decisions found that 85 percent would vote for Mrs.
Clinton.
Organizers of Latino voting groups say they are already
deploying in states like Colorado and Florida to try to close the chasm
between the nations more than 20 million eligible Latino voters and the
approximately 10 million who are registered. Ben Monterroso, the
executive director of Mi Familia Vota, which tries to get more Latinos to
the polls, said organizers were visiting high school citizenship
ceremonies to sign up voters, and urging permanent residents to apply for
citizenship so they would be eligible to vote by
2016.
But
Ignacio Leon, one of the owners of the restaurant where
Mr.
Coffman
appeared this month, said he was unmoved by the
politicians. He said that he cast his first ballot ever, for Mr. Obama, in
2008, but that he had been disgusted by the wobbly economy and inaction
on immigration. Next year, he said, neither party would get his
vote.
Im disappointed, he said. It doesnt matter if its
Republican or Democrat. I dont want to vote. It doesnt interest me
now.
400 Attend Memorial Day Ceremony at Denver's Fort
Logan
By:
Staff
CBS Denver
Published May 25,
2015
About 400
people honored service members who died serving their country at the
annual Memorial Day ceremony at Fort Logan National
Cemetery.
Gov. John Hickenlooper and
U.S. Rep. Mike Coffman
were among those who spoke to the crowd Monday at the cemetery in
Denver.
Coffman
told the audience that the
over-budget VA hospital under construction in Aurora must built, but
said Memorial Day is about remembering the
fallen.
Hickenlooper said hes committed to remembering those who were
lost.
Ive never met a single family member yet, and Ive been to
several dozen funerals, who werent deeply, deeply proud and grateful
for their childs heroism; and their childs willingness to step up and
defend this country, Hickenlooper
said.
Many of the
white headstones were decorated with flowers and small American
flags.
I appreciate what this cemetery stands for and what this
event means, Hickenlooper said.
My mother-in-law and
father-in-law are buried here; hes a World War II veteran, Denver
resident Bill Young said. I think we need to respect them for the
sacrifice out here that everyone gave.
Three Medal of Honor
recipients are among the veterans buried at Fort Logan, which has been
a national cemetery since 1950.
One-on-One
Constituent Meetings
Saturday, May 30,
2015
2:00 PM
3:30
PM
Tallyn's Reach
Library
23911 E Arapahoe Rd
Aurora, CO
80016
Washington
Office
2443 Rayburn
HOB
Washington, D.C. 20515
Phone: (202) 225-7882
Fax: (202) 226-4623
District Office
Cherry Creek Place IV
3300 S. Parker Road, Suite #305
Aurora, CO 80014
Phone: (720) 748-7514
Fax: (720) 748-7680
Unsubscribe
|
Update My Profile
|
Privacy Policy
gateway mail end
