DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.0 Transitional//EN" "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml1/DTD/xhtml1-transitional.dtd"
If you are having trouble reading this email,
please view the web version .
House Passes Highway Funding Bill
Last August, President Obama signed into law a short-term law that provided $10.8 billion to the trust fund. This week, the House voted to extend that law, and federal highway programs, through the end of July.
We need a more permanent solution. There are a number of proposals on both sides of the aisle that we need to take seriously. Over these next few months, Congress will negotiate with the President on what a long-term highway bill ought to look like. Im confident that both sides have the same end goal, even if we might take different routes to get there. I couldnt agree more with the President that businesses are going to set up shop wherever they find the best roads, the best bridges, the fastest Internet connection, the fastest rail lines, the smartest airports, the best power grid. First-class infrastructure attracts investment and it creates first-class jobs.
Read more in
this weeks OP-ED .
Energy and Commerce Committee Approves Cures
As you remember, last week, the Health Subcommittee, which I chair, unanimously reported to the full Energy and Commerce Committee the 21st Century Cures draft legislation. This legislation gathers together a series of mainstream Democratic and Republican ideas that will speed the drug and treatment delivery process.
This week the full Committee marked up and--again unanimously--reported the bill to the whole House. It is expected that the House will vote on it by the end of June. This is another important step to get it into law, which we hope to accomplish by the end of the year.
Foster Youth Shadow Day
On Wednesday, it was Foster Youth Shadow Day in the House of Representatives. I had the privilege of having a young lady named Valentina shadow me throughout the day. Valentina is a young woman who has just aged out of the foster system. When she was five years old, Valentina was adopted from Russia to an abusive family. She was placed in another home at 13 years old, and officially entered foster care at 16. Before she aged out, Valentina moved seven times. She is now a double major in college, and Valentina would like to work to help foster kids. Valentina is an inspiring young woman who has bravely endured so much at such a young age, and who wants to help the next generation.
House Passes Science Bills
This week, the House passed three bills to fund scientific research: the Space Act, the America Competes Act, and the American Research and Competitiveness Act. These bills will encourage commercial spacecraft by creating a predictable regulatory environment, reauthorizing scientific research and education funding, and making permanent the research tax credit.
Facebook
Podcast
Tell Joe Your Opinion
Issues
The 16th District
Ask Joe For Help
The Government
Legislation
Press
About Joe Pitts
Photo Gallery
Please feel free to
forward this email to your friends and family .
Recent Videos
Questions on FERC Transparency
Rep. Pitts questions FERC Energy Projects Director Ann Miles about the pipeline approval process, and about pipeline safety.
In Support of H.R. 36
Rep. Pitts speaks in favor of H.R. 36, the Pain-Capable Unborn Child Protection Act, to protect unborn children at the six month.
Washington, D.C. Office
420 Cannon House Office Building
Washington, DC 20515
(1st Street and Independence Avenue)
202-225-2411
202-225-2013 (fax)
Chester County Office
Post Office Box 837
Unionville, PA 19375
(Routes 82 and 926)
610-444-4581
610-444-5750 (fax)
Lancaster Office
150 North Queen Street
Suite 716 (7th floor)
Lancaster, PA 17603
717-393-0667
717-393-0924 (fax)
Click Here Click Here