
Putting patients first
6/24/15
Recently, Congressman Doug Lamborn supported multiple pieces of legislation designed to protect Americans from the harmful impacts of Obamacare.
"With each passing day, Obamacare finds new ways to negatively impact the American people. By increasing costs and placing affordable care out of reach for so many people, Obamacare causes great harm to our economy and job market. That's why House Republicans are stepping forward with multiple bills designed to solve these problems and improve our economy and healthcare system.
I am especially pleased to repeal the medical device tax. I have heard personally from Colorado businesses about the hardship this tax was placing on their efforts to thrive and grow in their sectors. This is the kind of business-oriented reform that will do wonders for the economic health of this nation."
- Congressman Doug Lamborn (CO-05)
Legislative Information Courtesy of the Speak of the House
Repealing the Medicare Device Tax, Protecting Jobs &amp; Innovation:
The presidents health care law levies a 2.3 percent tax on medical devices that save and improve the lives of millions of Americans, like pacemakers, artificial joints, CAT scan machines, and much more.
Members on
both sides of the aisle
oppose the tax which, according to
a letter
penned by nearly 1,000 organizations, companies, patients, and providers, is stifling innovation and U.S. competitiveness and having an adverse impact on R&amp;D investment and job creation.
The
Protect Medical Innovation Act
(H.R. 160), introduced by
Rep. Erik Paulsen (R-MN) , repeals Obamacares medical device tax, helping to protect jobs (the
vast majority
of which come from small businesses), keep America at the cutting edge of technological innovation, and preserve patients access to affordable, live-saving devices.
Eliminating IPAB, Protecting Seniors Access to Care:
The Independent Payment Advisory Board (IPAB) created under the presidents health care law gives a panel of
15 unelected, unaccountable bureaucrats
sweeping authority to slash Medicare payments to providers or eliminate payments for certain treatments and procedures altogether.
This would be devastating for patients, affecting access to care and innovative therapies , according to more than 500 organizations representing a broad spectrum of patients, providers, and Medicare advocates, and will only weaken, not strengthen, a program critical to the health and well-being of current and future beneficiaries.
The
Protecting Seniors Access to Medicare Act
(H.R. 1190), introduced by
Rep. Phil Roe, M.D. (R-TN)
is a bipartisan measure that would repeal IPAB and protect seniors from its harmful consequences.
Strengthening Medicare Advantage:
The presidents health care law cut more than $700 billion from Medicare to fund a massive new entitlement program, including cuts to the widely-popular Medicare Advantage program.
With seniors already facing challenges getting the care they need, the House will take up a series of bills to help strengthen Medicare Advantage and preserve seniors access to care:
The
Medicare Advantage Coverage Transparency Act
(H.R. 2505), introduced by
Rep. Mike Kelly (R-PA) , requires the Department of Health and Human Services (HHS) to provide annual reports on Medicare Advantage enrollment data.
This will give policymakers and the public the ability to know more information about how changes in Medicare Advantage plans in Washington will impact our constituents and our districts back home, says
Rep. Kelly .
The
Seniors Health Care Plan Protection Act
(H.R. 2582) would prevent the administration from terminating certain Medicare Advantage plans which are unable to meet the complex demands of the current CMS Five-Star rating system, according to the bills sponsor,
Rep. Vern Buchanan (R-FL) .
These plans largely serve low-income individuals who are in poor health.
The
Increasing Regulatory Fairness Act
(H.R. 2507), sponsored by
Rep. Kevin Brady (R-TX) , extends the period of time insurers have to respond to proposed changes in Medicare Advantage payments, providing stakeholdersthe necessary time to comment on newly proposed rules to ensure the Medicare Advantage program continues to provide low-cost, competitive health insurance options to our seniors, says
Brady .
The
Strengthening Medicare Advantage Through Innovation &amp; Transparency for Seniors Act
(H.R. 2570) would establish a demonstration program for Medicare Advantage plans to utilize Value-Based Insurance Design (VBID) to improve delivery of care by allowing them to lower costs for certain high value services and treatments that are clinically proven to promote better health outcomes, says
Rep. Diane Black (R-TN) , the bills sponsor and a nurse for more than 40 years.
WEBSITE
|
UNSUBSCRIBE
|
CONTACT
