DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.0 Transitional//EN" "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml1/DTD/xhtml1-transitional.dtd"
District Update | June 12, 2015
Click here
if you have trouble viewing this email
Dear Friends,
In 1998, Congress temporarily banned state and local governments from taxing Internet access or placing discriminatory taxes on Internet commerce.
With minor modifications, this ban has been extended five times with strong bipartisan support. The most recent extension to the ban was made just last year.
On October 1, 2015, this moratorium is set to expire. If the moratorium is not renewed, the potential tax burden on consumers will be substantial. The average tax rate on communications services in 2007 was 13.5%, more than twice the average rate on all other goods and services.
The government's recent reclassification of the Internet as a telecom service could potentially embolden the California state government to apply these telecom taxes to Internet access should the tax break lapse.
To make matters worse, this tax would be regressive:
low income households pay ten times as much in communications taxes as high income households, as a share of income.
Americans are taxed enough already, and they shouldnt have to worry about facing new taxes on something as important as access to the Internet. The web is a powerful tool that fosters equality, education and opportunity. Especially in the state of California, unfettered access to the Internet has served as the foundation for entire industries that now employ tens of thousands of people.
That's why this week the U.S. House of Representatives passed H.R. 235, the
Permanent Internet Tax Freedom Act , with my support. This broadly bipartisan legislation permanently bans states from taxing Internet access and ensures that families and small businesses are shielded from higher costs that would come with these taxes. It's the Senate's turn to act, and it is my hope that the President will sign this bill into law soon.
Sincerely,
Ed Royce
News for June 5-12, 2015
Royce Military Academy Reception
Rep. Royce recently hosted a reception for students he nominated for acceptance to one of our nation's prestigious military academies.
Rep. Royce congratulated them on their anticipated matriculation at West Point, the Air Force Academy, and the Naval Academy, and thanked them for their commitment to serving in the armed forces.
High schools represented by the group included Troy High School, Walnut High School, and Brea Olinda High School.
See Photos Here
Rep. Royce Commemorates D-Day w/ Yorba Linda Woman's Club
Last weekend, the Yorba Linda Womans Club hosted a World War II Veterans Tribute and screening of the documentary Honor Flight to commemorate the anniversary of D-Day.
Rep. Royce had the pleasure of thanking and recognizing veterans to receive a special ribbon pinning.
Recounting some of his fathers service stories and experiences, Rep. Royce also had the opportunity to speak about some of the issues overseas that are currently facing America.
Joining him on stage were Pat Iron and Jewel Hollingworth, who spoke about their experiences
one as a female who joined the Army and the other about what life in Orange County was like during the war.
See Photos Here
Iran Backs Taliban With Cash and Arms
When Abdullah, a Taliban commander in central Afghanistan, needs more rifles and ammunition, he turns to the same people who pay his $580-a-month salary: his Iranian sponsors.
Iran supplies us with whatever we need, he said.
Afghan and Western officials say Tehran has quietly increased its supply of weapons, ammunition and funding to the Taliban, and is now recruiting and training their fighters, posing a new threat to Afghanistans fragile security.
Irans strategy in backing the Taliban is twofold, these officials say: countering U.S. influence in the region and providing a counterweight to Islamic States move into the Talibans territory in Afghanistan.
The Talibans aggressive military push and the new momentum toward peace negotiations between them and Kabul also raises the possibility that some of their members could eventually return to power.
Iran is betting on the re-emergence of the Taliban, said a Western diplomat. They are uncertain about where Afghanistan is heading right now, so they are hedging their bets.
Iranian officials didnt respond to requests for comment, but Tehran has repeatedly denied providing financial or military aid to the Taliban in conversations with Afghan and Western officials. Whenever we discussed it, they would deny it, a former senior Afghan official said.
The developing Iran-Taliban alliance represents a new complication in Mr. Obamas plans for both the Middle East and the future of Afghanistan, where the U.S. has been working to curb the Talibans role ahead of a planned withdrawal of all but 1,000 U.S. troops at the end of his presidency in 2016. At its peak in 2011 there were 100,000 U.S. troops.
The White House-supported international nuclear talks with Iran that are scheduled to finish this month face world-wide criticism for potentially setting up a new regional dynamic in which Tehran, unfettered by punitive economic sanctions and flush with new resources, would be able to pursue an activist agenda through its proxies in and around the Middle East. Tehrans growing ties to the Taliban is another sign of that, these critics say.
Rep.
Ed Royce
(R., Calif.), chairman of the House Foreign Affairs Committee, said Irans support to the Taliban could increase if a nuclear deal is signed and Iran wins sanction relief.
Across the region, Iran is stepping up its support for militants and rebel groups, Mr.
Royce
said. With billions in sanctions relief coming, that support goes into overdrive.
Read more
CONNECT
Facebook
Youtube
ORANGE COUNTY OFFICE
210 W. Birch Street, Ste 201
Brea, CA 92821
T (714) 255-0101 l (909) 420-0010
LOS ANGELES COUNTY OFFICE
1380 S. Fullerton Road, Suite 205
Rowland Heights, CA 91748
T (626) 964-5123
WASHINGTON, DC OFFICE
2310 Rayburn House Office Building
Washington, DC 20515
T (202) 225-4111
UPDATE SUBSCRIPTION OPTIONS
|
PRIVACY POLICY
|
CONTACT US
Click Here Click Here