DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.0 Transitional//EN" "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml1/DTD/xhtml1-transitional.dtd"
If you are having trouble reading this email,
please view the web version .
Memorial Day
Monday was Memorial Day, when we stop as a nation to remember those who have sacrificed their lives and their futures for the sake of our country and for the sake of each of us. Originally called Decoration Day, the Memorial Day tradition began after the Civil War to commemorate the fallen heroes of the Union army. Since that time, generations of soldiers have poured out their blood and sweat for the survival of that same Union, with no less heroism or bravery. We honor them, and all of those today who make ours the best military on the planet.
Read more in
this weeks OP-ED .
Horse Racing Legislation
On Wednesday, I sat down with Fox 43 News to talk about my legislation that would deal with the state of the horse racing industry. For decades, abuse, and inhumane treatment have been rampant. About two dozen horses die each week on the race track. Countless others are forced to run while sick, subjected to powerful drugs on the day of the race. Thats why I joined with my friend Tom Udall, Democratic Senator from New Mexico to introduce legislation to stop the torrent of interstate gambling money that is rewarding this cruelty.
Visit to J.K. Mechanical
Also on Wednesday I had a tour of J.K. Mechanical. I had a great conversation with owners Chris and Ken Leaman. Theyre a family owned company, and theyre growing. They had a lot to tell me about good job opportunities available in the industry and their efforts to find qualified employees to fill those positions.
Senate Debates FISA Updates
This week the Senate debated extending key provisions of the Foreign Intelligence Surveillance Act, commonly known as FISA. While the House passed with overwhelming bipartisan support a bill that would narrow some controversial provisions, the Senate is split between those who support the House legislation and some in leadership who want to maintain the law as it is. I am hopeful that my colleagues in the Senate will work together on a bipartisan basis to get things done the way that we in the House have been doing.
Facebook
Podcast
Tell Joe Your Opinion
Issues
The 16th District
Ask Joe For Help
The Government
Legislation
Press
About Joe Pitts
Photo Gallery
Please feel free to
forward this email to your friends and family .
Recent Videos
Improving Energy Reliability and Security
Rep. Pitts questions Joseph Dominguez, Vice President of the Exelon Corporation.
Questions on FERC Transparency
Rep. Pitts questions FERC Energy Projects Director Ann Miles about the pipeline approval process, and about pipeline safety.
Washington, D.C. Office
420 Cannon House Office Building
Washington, DC 20515
(1st Street and Independence Avenue)
202-225-2411
202-225-2013 (fax)
Chester County Office
Post Office Box 837
Unionville, PA 19375
(Routes 82 and 926)
610-444-4581
610-444-5750 (fax)
Lancaster Office
150 North Queen Street
Suite 716 (7th floor)
Lancaster, PA 17603
717-393-0667
717-393-0924 (fax)
Click Here Click Here