
Click Here
to view this message in a browser
Home
About
Contact
Issues
Media Center
Services
Friends,
It was a very productive week in the district. I look forward to traveling back to Washington and discussing matters that most affect the constituents of FL-26.
In the District
I participated in a Small Business Round table with House Committee on Small Business Chairman Rep. Steve Chabot and Miami Dade College President Beverly Moore-Garcia. We heard great ideas from South Florida entrepreneurs on ways to help keep our local communities prosperous.
Enjoyed addressing the Islamorada Chamber of Commerces luncheon at the Islamorada Fish Company Restaurant. We discussed legislative issues facing the district and how Congress can help stimulate the economy by easing regulatory burdens on small businesses in #FL26.
At the Homestead, Florida City Council Meeting, I had the opportunity to speak to members of the community about transportation problems facing South Florida. They had excellent suggestions that I look forward to bringing back to DC.
Good Food Conspiracy is a local small business that provides healthy food options to the Lower Keys community.
Ceremonies
Congratulations to students from Monroe County Schools who finished the Take Stock in Children program! During their tenure with the program, they promised to maintain a high grade point average, be in good academic standing, and attend a weekly meeting with a mentor. Because they fulfilled these promises, they will now receive scholarships to help pay for their college tuition.
I attended the Mexican-American Council, Inc. 31st Annual Farm Worker Students' Recognition Ceremony. Congratulations to all the graduates!
Con gratulations to Miami Coral Park High Schools Class of 2015! Go Rams!
Committee Hearings
During a House Committee on Education and the Workforce hearing, we discussed waste, fraud and abuse in federal child nutrition programs. These programs help states, schools, and other institutions provide low income students and families with access to healthy meals and snacks. It's clear that more oversight is necessary to ensure that these funds are going to the families who need it the most.
Notable Visits to D.C.
South Florida Members of Congress Ileana Ros-Lehtinen, Frederica Wilson, &amp; I had the opportunity to take a picture with the Greater Miami Chamber of Commerce on the steps of the U.S. Capitol.
I had the opportunity to meet a group of graduating seniors from Miami Central Senior High. A couple of them were recently accepted to my alma mater, the University of Miami! Go Canes!
Its fitting that I met Montessori Academy middle school students outside of the House Committee on Education and the Workforce room. These young scholars have bright futures ahead of them!
The Elizabeth Dole Foundation is a nonprofit organization that provides support to the spouses, parents, and family members who care for our wounded veterans. Thank you to Lauren, a constituent from FL-26, for sharing your experiences with me and providing suggestions on how we can help our military caregivers.
Military Appreciation Month
Recently, the USO helped us thank our brave service members with care packages and thank you notes.
This Saturday, South Florida veterans from WWII and Korea visited Washington to view their memorial. Thank you for your service and sacrifices to help keep our nation free. The Honor Flight from Miami was greeted by Rep. Ileana Ros-Lehtinen's and my staff.
Special Recognition
Thank you to one of our interns who finished his term with us. You were a great part of the team!
Legislative Week June 1st
MONDAY, JUNE 1ST
On Monday, the House will meet at meet at 12:00 p.m. for morning hour and 2:00 p.m. for legislative business. Votes will be postponed until 6:30 p.m.
Legislation Considered Under Suspension of the Rules:
H.R. 404
To authorize early repayment of obligations to the Bureau of Reclamation within the Northport Irrigation District in the State of Nebraska
(Sponsored by Rep. Adrian Smith / Natural Resources Committee)
H.R. 533
To revoke the charter of incorporation of the Miami Tribe of Oklahoma at the request of that tribe, and for other purposes
(Sponsored by Rep. Markwayne Mullin / Natural Resources Committee)
H.R. 1168
Native American Childrens Safety Act
(Sponsored by Rep. Kevin Cramer / Natural Resources Committee)
H.R. 979
To designate a mountain in the John Muir Wilderness of the Sierra National Forest as Sky Point
(Sponsored by Rep. Tom McClintock / Natural Resources Committee)
H.R. 336
To direct the Administrator of General Services, on behalf of the Archivist of the United States, to convey certain Federal property located in the State of Alaska to the Municipality of Anchorage, Alaska
(Sponsored by Rep. Don Young / Transportation and Infrastructure Committee)
H.R. 944
To reauthorize the National Estuary Program, and for other purposes
(Sponsored by Rep. Frank LoBiondo / Transportation and Infrastructure Committee)
S. 802
Girls Count Act of 2015
(Sponsored by Sen. Marco Rubio / Foreign Affairs Committee)
H.R. 1493
Protect and Preserve International Cultural Property Act, as amended
(Sponsored by Rep. Eliot Engel / Foreign Affairs Committee)
H.R. 1335
Strengthening Fishing Communities and Increasing Flexibility in Fisheries Management Act, Rules Committee Print (Structured Rule)
(Sponsored by Rep. Don Young / Natural Resources Committee)
The Rule provides for one hour of general debate and makes in order the following amendments:
Rep. Debbie Dingell Amendment
Rep. Sam Farr Amendment
Reps. Keating / Lynch / Moulton Amendment
Rep. Alan Lowenthal Amendment
Rep. Don Young Amendment
Rep. Garret Graves Amendment
Rep. Rob Wittman Amendment
Rep. Jared Huffman Amendment
TUESDAY, JUNE 2ND AND THE BALANCE OF THE WEEK
On Tuesday and Wednesday, the House will meet at 10:00 a.m. for morning hour and 12:00 p.m. for legislative business. On Thursday, the House will meet at 9:00 a.m. for legislative business. Last votes expected no later than 3:00 p.m. On Friday, no votes are expected in the House.
H.R. 2578
Commerce, Justice, Science, and Related Agencies Appropriations Act, 2016 (Subject to a Rule)
(Sponsored by Rep. John Culberson / Appropriations Committee)
Possible Consideration of
H.R. 2577
Transportation, Housing and Urban Development, and Related Agencies Appropriations Act, 2016 (Subject to a Rule)
(Sponsored by Rep. Mario Diaz-Balart / Appropriations Committee)
Possible Consideration of Legislation related to expiring provisions of the PATRIOT Act
Thanks again for subscribing to my weekly roundup. Have a great week!
Sincerely,
Washington, DC Office
1429 Longworth HOB
Washington, DC 20515
Phone: (202) 225-2778
Miami Office
12851 SW 42nd Street
Suite 131
Miami, FL 33175
Phone: (305) 222-0160
Key West Office
1100 Simonton Street
Suite 1-213
Key West, FL 33010
Phone: (305) 292-4485
Florida City
404 West Palm Drive
Florida City, FL 33034
Phone : (305) 247-1234
Click Here Click Here