
June 2015 E-News Report
Website
|
Forward to a Friend
| Share on:
Dear Friends,
From floor activity to constituent meetings, it has been a busy time in Washington.
I always enjoy meeting with the many constituents who come through our Washington office this time of year to discuss a wide range of issues impacting our region (dont forget you can visit me in San Diego, too!).
Less enjoyable has been much of the legislation making its way through the House.
From the National Defense Authorization Act to the scores of appropriations bills working through the legislative process, I have been deeply concerned with the majority partys spending priorities.
Instead of fully addressing sequestration, the majority continues to play budgetary games by shielding defense spending, while slashing critical domestic programs.
While I will continue to be a strong advocate for our military, defense spending cannot come at the expense of fully funding research, environmental protection, and programs supporting small businesses.
We need a balanced approach.
Please take a few minutes to read about what I have been working on in Washington and in the district.
As always, dont hesitate to
contact me
if you have a legislative comment or if you are a constituent who needs help with a federal agency.
Warm Regards,
Listening to My Constituents
I am regularly in the district, but when the House schedule prevents me from flying home, I enjoy setting up Telephone Town Hall meetings as a way to connect with my constituents.
Last month, I reached out to thousands of district residents from my office in the Longworth House Office Building to give an update from Washington and to take questions from constituents who were listening on the line.
Topics discussed included campaign finance reform, immigration, education, social security, trade, and water issues.
As always, I appreciated everyones time and look forward to future town hall meetings, whether on the phone or in person.
To find out about future events in the district,
follow me on Twitter
and dont forget to
Like me on Facebook .
On the Ground in Afghanistan
I joined a bipartisan group of Congresswomen for an early Mother's Day visit with our troops in Afghanistan.
The trip included a meeting between the congressional delegation and the First Lady of Afghanistan, Rula Ghani.
Its always an honor to meet with service members who are part of the front lines of our national security.
These visits allow Members of Congress an opportunity to ensure our men and women in uniform have the tools and resources they need to do their jobs and, of course, to say Thank you.
We hosted female service members for a luncheon where they discussed the challenges facing mothers deployed in service to our country. The delegation also delivered Mother's Day cards to female service members that were handmade by elementary school students from our districts.
Delegation members held a meeting with Afghan women parliamentarians and local leaders to discuss the role Afghan women are playing in the rebuilding of Afghanistan.
A meeting with women who serve in the Afghanistan National Security Forces (ANSF) was also on the agenda. Last month, in the House Armed Services Committee, I passed an amendment that authorized $50 million within the ANSF Fund for the recruitment and retention of women in the ANSF. The amendment was part of the National Defense Authorization Act that passed the House.
2015 Art Competition Winner
Recently in Lemon Grove, I presented awards for the 2015 Congressional Art Competition to local high school students. La Mesa resident and Helix Charter High student Aysha Alani took the top prize for her piece "Balboa Park Tower," which will hang in the Capitol complex in Washington, DC for the year.
Two Olympian High School students, Farrah Karram and Sylka Ibarra, placed 2nd and 3rd, respectively. Honorable mentions included Delilah Strukel and Belinda Mata. As a senior member of the House Committee on Education and the Workforce, I was proud to congratulate Aysha, the other winners and all the students who inspired everyone with their creativity in this years Art Competition.
Miss Alani won two round-trip tickets to Washington to attend an unveiling ceremony of all the winning artwork in the 2015 Congressional Art Competition.
Introducing Legislation to Stop Child Summer Hunger
H.R. 2715
The arrival of summer can mean trips to the beach or a family vacation. However, for millions of low-income students who benefit from free or reduced-price school meals, it can mean wondering where their next meal might come from, making hunger an unnecessary part of their summer months. To end summer hunger for these children, Senator Patty Murray (D-WA) and I introduced the Stop Child Summer Hunger Act.
The Stop Child Summer Hunger Act would scale up the Summer EBT for Children pilot program currently providing families with eligible children free and reduce-priced school meals through an electronic benefit transfer (EBT) card. In San Diego County, over 90,000 students who benefit from nutritious, affordable school meals during the academic year miss out on similar meals during the summer.
Trade Update
The House of Representatives recently voted on Trade Promotion Authority (TPA), legislation to authorize President Obama to enter into trade agreements, and to reauthorize Trade Adjustment Assistance (TAA), legislation that will assist American workers displaced by trade deals in the future.
While TPA passed the House, with my support, TAA still needs to be approved.
I look forward to working with my colleagues and President Obama to make sure TAA is signed into law as quickly as possible.
Many constituents called to voice their opposition to TPA, and I share many of their concerns.
While I understand the potential downsides, I ultimately supported TPA to allow President Obama to continue his efforts to negotiate trade agreements that strengthen Americas economy, improve national security, and protect workers and the environment.
I also supported TPA because it guarantees that the public and Congress maintain the right to review any future trade agreements for set amounts of time before they are signed and before any vote comes to the floor of the House.
EARLY Act
H.R. 2528
As the view of early education as a national priority continues to grow, I introduced legislation to provide access to Pre-K education for low and middle-income families. The EARLY Act (Expanded Access to Real Learning for our Young Act) would set up a partnership between states and the federal government to make Pre-K education available to millions of children at no cost to them.
I believe the argument for universal Pre-K is not just based on a moral imperative, but also good science and economics.
Kids who receive high-quality early education are more likely to achieve success in both school and life. Research shows that they are more likely to graduate high school, earn higher pay, and live more productive lives.
Offering Legislation to Help Prevent Diabetes for Seniors
H.R. 2102
I recently introduced bipartisan legislation to prevent diabetes in seniors and help reduce health care costs. The Medicare Diabetes Prevention Act, H.R. 2102, would extend the proven benefits of the national Diabetes Prevention Program (DPP), a community-based approach to educating individuals at risk for diabetes to make lifestyle changes, to seniors under Medicare.
While enrolled in DPP, participants receive training in diet, exercise, and how to modify their behavior.
By one estimate, this legislation will save the government $1.3 billion over ten years.
For more information on the bill, please
click here .
Protecting A Womans Right to Choose
Last month, I voted against H.R. 36, legislation to curtail reproductive rights for women.
I was dismayed to see the majority bringing up yet another attack on womens health, and believe it is not for the government to infringe on a deeply personal decision that should remain between women and their doctors.
Community Snapshots
Recognizing Balboa Park
Balboa Park is part of who we are as San Diegans. I was honored to join the Garden Party of the Century for its centennial, and introduced a Congressional Resolution recognizing its 100 years.
Supporting Jobs in San Diego
The ships built on San Diegos waterfront not only support our national security and help strengthen our economy, they also support thousands of good paying middle class jobs.
I am pictured here joining the employees at NASSCO for a steel cutting ceremony to kick off construction on their newest ship.
(Photo courtesy of NASSCO)
Interested in an Internship?
Interns gain valuable legislative and public service experience by assisting with constituent inquiries, public events, casework, and other special projects. Internships require a minimum of 10 hours per week and qualify for credit at some schools. If you are interested in interning in the San Diego office, please submit a resume and cover letter to
CA53DOInternapp@mail.house.gov . If you are interested in an internship in my Washington office, please submit a resume and cover letter to CA53DCInternapp@mail.house.gov .
Website
|
Contact
U.S. House of Representatives
1214 Longworth House Office Building
Washington, DC 20515
Phone: (202) 225-2040
Fax: (202) 225-2948
2700 Adams Avenue
Suite 102
San Diego, CA 92116
Phone: (619) 280-5353
Fax: (619) 280-5311
Click Here Click Here