
Illinois' women rely on Social Security to retire with dignity.
But House Republicans are desperate to CUT benefits for seniors.
Sign your name to demand Boehner protect Social Security:
David Johnson
ZIP CODE: 60659
Click below to add your signature immediately: (Not you?
Click here. )
AUTO SIGN &gt;&gt;
David --
Millions of seniors rely on Social Security in order to retire. After paying into Social Security over our lifetimes, we expect Social Security to be there for us when we need it.
Women, who make up more than half of recipients, especially depend on this vital program.
But time and again, House Republicans threaten to cut Social Security.
Cheri is standing up to House Republicans to make sure all seniors can retire with dignity.
Add Your Name:
Protect Social Security for Illinois' women &gt;&gt;
All seniors should be able to retire with Social Security. But women, who are more likely to work part-time or lower wage jobs, or leave and re-enter the workforce, often can't afford to go without these benefits.
Less than a quarter of women over the age of 62 receive their own private pensions. That means that Social Security is a vital lifeline for retired women.
Cheri is fighting for our seniors and for generations to come. Won't you join her? David, sign Cheri&rsquo;s petition to protect Social Security benefits for women today: http://act.cheribustos.com/protect-social-security
Thanks,
Team Bustos
Paid for by Friends of Cheri Bustos
This message was sent to: dj724530@gmail.com | Change or update your email address by
clicking here .
We believe that emails are a crucial way for our campaign to stay in touch with supporters like you. However, if you'd like to unsubscribe, please
click here . If you'd prefer to receive fewer emails, you can
click here .
Our campaign is powered by supporters like you. Your grassroots support is critical to helping Cheri fight back against right-wing attacks.
If you&rsquo;d still like to unsubscribe from our emails,
click here .
If you'd like to donate to our campaign, please
click here .
Thanks for having Cheri's back!
