
If you are having trouble viewing this
message or would like to share it on a social network, you can
view the message
online .
Website
News Center
Constituent Services
Issues
About the District
About Me
Contact Us
May 08, 2015
Rep. Lipinski Joined by House Colleagues, Labor Organizations,
Environmental Groups, and Industry Leaders to Rally Opposition to
Congressional Fast-tracking of Massive Trade Deals
Congressman Dan
Lipinski (IL-3) and Congresswoman Robin Kelly (IL-2) were joined
Thursday at a Chicago manufacturing plant by a spokesperson for Congressman
Danny Davis (IL-7) and representatives from organized labor,
environmental groups, and industry to denounce legislation that would grant the
president Trade Promotion Authority (TPA) to fast-track trade deals
through Congress.
The TPA bill has passed committees in the
House and Senate and could be voted on at any time in both chambers.
The bill would let the president sign and enter into a trade deal
before Congress approves its contents and then force Congress to vote
within 90 days on a done deal with all amendments
prohibited.
"Whenever the U.S.
negotiates a new foreign trade agreement the American people are promised
greater job creation and increased exports, but time after time the
result has been fewer jobs, lower wages, and a bigger trade deficit, said
Rep. Lipinski.
"Since NAFTA was signed, Illinois alone has lost
close to 300,000 manufacturing jobs.
These were quality jobs
with high wages and good benefits that supported hard-working middle
class families.
"Unfortunately, history keeps
repeating itself.
The Administration promised that the Korea Free Trade
Agreement would produce 70,000 new jobs and soaring exports, but since
it was implemented in 2012 weve seen a loss of 60,000 American jobs
and a 25% increase in the manufactured goods trade deficit," continued
Lipinski.
"Despite the failure of the Korea agreement, the
Administration is using it as a template for a much larger agreement that
is currently being negotiated, the Trans-Pacific Partnership
(TPP).
The TPP covers 11 U.S. trading partners that account for 40% of
our trade.
The TPP is the first trade deal that would get
fast-tracked.
We have to stop this endless cycle of failure.
It is
the responsibility of Congress to ensure that trade agreements create
American jobs, raise wages, and safeguard the consumer and
environmental protections on which Americans
rely."
More from the press conference can be found
here .
Rep. Lipinski Announces 2015
Congressional
Art Competition Winners
Congressman Dan Lipinski has announced that Brook Finger from Lemont
High School is the Third Congressional Districts winner of this
years Congressional Art Competition.
Fingers painting honoring the
sacrifices of area firefighters will be displayed in the U.S. Capitol
for the next year alongside the winning pieces from congressional
districts from across the country.
She will also receive two
roundtrip tickets for the exhibition opening this summer in Washington,
D.C.
Rep. Lipinski presented Finger with a certificate at a
ceremony attended by her family and teachers at Lemont High School on
Thursday.
Lipinski also gave school administrators an American flag
that had been flown over the capitol building.
"I congratulate Ms. Finger for
submitting a powerful piece that honors our heroic first responders who
bravely put their lives on the line every day, often for people they dont
even know," Rep. Lipinski said. "Our local firefighters play a
critical role in keeping our communities safe, and it is an honor to have
them represented in Washington through Brooks hard work.
I would
like to thank all the young men and women throughout the district that
participated in this years competition.
The artwork displays a
great amount of talent in different media.
With so many great,
diverse pieces to choose from, it was difficult to pick a
winner."
In addition to Fingers
winning piece, the five runners-up are:
Laura Monsreal, of Reavis
High School, who will have her artwork displayed in the Congressmans
D.C. office; Emma Hirt, of Lyons Township High School, who will have her
piece displayed in the Congressmans district office in Chicago;
Victoria Rose Annarino, of Lemont High School, who will have her picture
displayed in the Lockport district office; Tess Bowens, of Mother
McAuley Liberal Arts High School, who will have her artwork displayed in
the Orland Park district office; and Kelly Bast, of Brookfield, who will
have her piece displayed in the Oak Lawn district office.
Rep. Lipinski Announces $2.5 Million
Federal Grant for
Midway Airport
Congressman Dan Lipinski has announced that
the U.S. Department of Transportations Federal Aviation Administration
has awarded Midway Airport a $2.5 million grant to enhance the safety
and efficiency of the airfield.
The grant will be used to
reconfigure a taxiway to provide clarity to pilots at the runway
intersection.
"Midway is
one of America's busiest airports and a major economic engine in the
Third Congressional District," said Rep. Lipinski.
"This grant
will help ensure that the airport is operating as safely and efficiently
as possible.
I will continue working to see that the federal
government keeps investing in
Midway."
Congressman Lipinski is the senior member from the
state on the House Transportation and Infrastructure Committee and
serves on the Aviation Subcommittee.
Since coming into office, he
has helped secure tens of millions of dollars for safety improvements at
Midway Airport.
Washington,
D.C. Office
2346 Rayburn H.O.B.
Washington, DC
20515
P (202) 225 - 5701 |
P (866) 822 - 5701
F (202) 225 - 1012
Chicago Office
6245
South Archer Avenue
Chicago, IL 60638
P (312) 886 -
0481
F (773) 767 - 9395
Oak Lawn Office
5309 West 95th Street
Oak
Lawn, IL 60453
P (708) 424
- 0853
F (708) 424 - 1855
Lockport Office
Central Square Building
222
E. 9th Street #109
Lockport, IL 60441
P (815)
838-1990
F (815) 838-1993
Orland Park Office
Orland Park Village Hall
14700
S. Ravinia Avenue
Orland Park, IL 60462
P (708)
403-4379
F (708) 403-5963
Unsubscribe
|
Update My Profile
|
Privacy Policy
gateway mail end
