
Veterans Town Hall a Success
This week I spoke with local veterans at American Legion Post 364 in Corpus Christi. I heard their concerns about access to healthcare and the incredible backlog in disability claims. After all their service and sacrifice, I am continually shocked at how the Department of Veterans' Affairs is repeatedly unable to do things like respond to veterans in a timely manner or fulfill their basic benefit claims obligations.
I reported on my veterans work, including the amendment I proposed last week to strip pay for VA employees who had received unsatisfactory marks on their performance reviews. Many VA employees can't be fired, but by using its power of the purse, Congress can improve things by eliminating the salaries of the worst culprits of VA negligence. On April 30th, the House passed the Military Construction and Veterans' Affairs appropriations bill, which I supported because it increased funding for Veterans' Affairs and included much needed management and healthcare reforms while not increasing taxes and staying within the House passed plan to balance the budget. We were joined by Eric Hamel, a staff member from the House Veterans' Affairs committee, Nueces County Vets Officer Toby Cross, and Victor Polanco of the Texas Veterans Commission.
Also present were some of my team of red-tape cutters to assist our veterans navigate the complexities of VA bureaucracy. I find it disgraceful that our veterans sometimes must come to their Congressman to get the benefits and care they have earned, but until the problems at the VA are solved I promise to have my red-tape cutters ready and waiting to help our veterans with their needs. If you ever need help with the VA or another federal agency, don't hesitate to call my office at (361) 884-2222.
Big Turnout at Port Aransas Roundtable
I was thrilled to have a huge turnout for a roundtable in Port Aransas this week.
I talked to everyone about all the work that has been accomplished in Congress this year. The House has passed a budget, funded services for our nations veterans, approved the Keystone Pipeline, and passed countless bills aimed at tackling President Obamas assault on opportunity for regular Americans.
Folks had plenty of questions about veterans services, road improvements, and the aging ferry fleet that runs between Port A and Aransas Pass. I spoke about my call with the Texas Department of Transportation and their plans to phase in ferry replacements. I also urged TxDOT to fast track safety improvements on Highway 361 where Corpus Christi Police Chief Floyd Simpson tragically lost his life. I look forward to working with state officials like Representative Todd Hunter to find ways to expedite improvements to 361. Attendees at the Round Table talked about addressing concerns regarding the mooring of barges in the Lydia Ann Channel.
Great Questions at Portland and Rockport Roundtables
After my meeting in Port Aransas, I took the ferry and drove up the coast to Rockport where I spent time with a large group of engaged constituents.
The previous day, I also stopped by Portland and had a great time visiting and listening to the folks there. I updated everyone on my work in Washington and fielded questions about upcoming trade legislation, immigration reform and border security, and how to streamline Medicare. Overall, it was a great time.
Corpus Christi Roundtable Brings Questions, Comments on Immigration, VA
I rounded out my series of roundtables in the southern part of the district with a town hall in Corpus Christi. The best way to learn what's on the minds of the folks I represent is to listen to their concerns and answer their questions in person.
During the meeting in Corpus Christi, attendees had Folks had questions and comments on a wide variety of topics including border security, solutions to management problems at the VA, and the solvency of the U.S. Post Office. I can't wait until the next town hall.
This Week in Washington...
This week I will be in Washington as Congress considers more pending legislation.
One key bill I expect to debate is the 2016 National Defense Authorization Act . We must include robust oversight language and the protection of American's constitutional rights in this legislation.
The House Armed Services Committee put together a fact sheet on Jade Helm, thought Id share it with yall -
http:// 1.usa.gov/1cfjw5T
8 May 2015
If the White House was hacked Americans deserve to know. What do you think?
http://freebeacon.com/uncategorized/congress-launches-probe-into-white-house-data-breaches/
5 May 2015
CONNECT
IN THE NEWS
Farenthold town halls focus on VA issues
Corpus Christi Caller Times
Congressman Proposing Fixes to Highway 361 to Port Aransas
KIIITV
Call Congressman's office with questions about Jade Helm 15
Victoria Advocate
Farenthold town halls focus on local highway, military operation
Corpus Christi Caller Times
Lawmakers seek to end the muzzling of consumers by some businesses
Los Angeles Times
New mental health day center to be built by year's end
Corpus Christi Caller Times
Corpus Christi says farewell to Chief Floyd Simpson
Corpus Christi Caller Times
Turning Corpus Christi Blue for Police Chief Floyd Simpson
KIIITV
" YODA law" would ensure devices can be resold free of copyright
Gigaom
EXPECTED VOTES THIS WEEK
H.R. 1732
- Regulatory Integrity Protection Act of 2015
S. 665
- Rafael Ramos and Wenjian Liu National Blue Alert Act of 2015
H.R. 606
- Don't Tax Our Fallen Public Safety Heroes Act
H.R.
2146
- Defending Public Safety Employees Retirement Act
H.R. 723
- Fallen Heroes Flag Act of 2015
H.R. 1735
- National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2016
H.R. 36
- Pain Capable Unborn Child Protection Act
H.R. 2048
- USA FREEDOM ACT
Possible consideration of legislation related to the Iran Nuclear Agreement Review Act
COMMITTEE HEARINGS
Wednesday, May 13, 2015
Oversight and Government Reform Full Committee Hearing:
Transportation Security: Are Our Airports Safe?
Judiciary Full Committee Hearing:
Stakeholder Perspectives on ICANN: The .Sucks Domain and Essential Steps to Guarantee Trust and Accountability in the Internet's Operation
Transportation and Infrastructure Subcommittee on Railroads Hearing:
The 35th Anniversary of the Staggers Rail Act: Railroad Deregulation Past, Present, and Future
Oversight and Government Reform Subcommittee on the Interior Hearing:
The EMP Threat: The State of Preparedness Against the Threat of an Electromagnetic Pulse Event
Thursday, May 14, 2015
Oversight and Government Reform Committee Field Hearing:
D.C. Opportunity Scholarship Program: Making the American Dream
Oversight and Government Reform Committee Hearing:
U.S. Secret Service: Accountability for March 4, 2015 Misconduct
Friday, May 15, 2015
Judiciary Subcommittee on Regulatory Reform Hearing:
Oversight of the Antitrust Enforcement Agencies
SNAPSHOTS
5/8- My staff took these pictures of the Arsenal of Democracy flyover of the U.S. Capitol, celebrating the 70th Anniversary of VE Day!
5/7- Simon DeSoto, Colorado River Lockmaster, U.S. Army Corps of Engineers Galveston District, and his first grade grandson, Grant Friesenhahn, recently earned an award at the International Boating and Water Safety Summit for a public service announcement they wrote and recorded that is currently being broadcast on three radio stations in Texas. Carol Wootton, my field representative, presented Simon and Grant with Certificates of Special Congressional Recognition for their water safety efforts.
5/5- I visited Calallen High School today to announce the 2015 art competition winner, Sophomore Krysten Maier. This is the second time in 5 years Calallen has produced the winner from the 27th district. Go Wildcats!
5/4- I was happy to join Principal Christine Sierra of Los Encinos Elementary School this morning to celebrate her teachers and staff for their tireless dedication to education. All teachers were welcomed to work today with cheers and applause from students as they walked the red carpet.
5/4- I attended the Groundbreaking Ceremony of the Behavioral Health Center of Nueces County. The new facility will be used as a Day Center where Certified Peer Specialist will offer therapeutic activities for adults with serious mental illnesses giving them a place to learn recovery skills and offering them a safe environment during the day. Congratulations to all the staff!
WEBSITE
|
UNSUBSCRIBE
|
CONTACT
Click Here Click Here