
If you are having trouble viewing this message or would
like to share it on a social network, you can
view the message online .
Home
|
About
|
How Can I
Help?
|
Media
|
Issues
|
The 6th District
Dear Friends:
This week the House voted on H.R. 160, the
Protect Medical Innovation Act, a bill that I co-sponsored. If
enacted this bill will repeal the job and innovation-killing Medical
Device Tax that was created to help pay for
Obamacare.
The
Medical Device Tax is a 2.3% excise tax, an indirect tax paid by
medical device makers which they pass onto the consumer, further raising
the cost of their products.
This was no party-line,
partisan vote. The bill passed the House overwhelmingly
280-140
including 46 Democrats
enough votes to override the veto that
President Obama has threatened.
This is
common-sense legislation that will remove an unfair tax on medical devices like
insulin pumps and pacemakers that are already expensive enough
for those who need them.
Medical costs are high
enough in this country, without a burdensome tax that only raises costs
for patients.
Not only does this tax make essential
medical devices more expensive to buy, the
tax also harms essential medical device innovation, negatively impacting the ability to
create cutting-edge technology that can and will save millions of
American lives.
One survey found the tax cost the
medical device industry 33,000 jobs.
Earlier this
year, the Denver Business Journal reported that the Denver area has one
of the highest concentrations of medical device job concentrations in
the country, with over 10,000 people employed in the
industry.
This industry is a major supporter of good jobs in our
state and its innovations are important to us all. Making it more
expensive for you to obtain a medical device you need and making it harder to
innovate and develop new devices may be the way Obamacare works, but
it is not the way good health care
works.
Whether you
work in the industry, need essential medical devices, or will one day
need them, the passage of H.R. 160 this week with a veto-proof majority
in the House was a victory for
you.
Sincerely,
Mike
Coffman
U.S. Representative
If you would like to sign up to receive
regular email updates from Mike, please visit
this
link
$ 18,159,828,625,980
Share on Facebook
Share on
Twitter
Share on
LinkedIn
Senate Moves to Strip VA
Construction Authority Over Aurora Hospital
Construction
By:
Staff
CBS Denver
Published June 18, 2015
The U.S. Senate has
tentatively approved legislation to strip the Veterans Affairs Department
of the authority to manage large construction projects after massive
cost overruns on a hospital in Aurora.
The Senate voted
Tuesday to amend a defense bill to give the Army Corps of Engineers
management power over VA construction projects costing more than $100
million.
The change is one of several Congress is
demanding before approving enough money to complete a half-finished medical
center in Aurora. The facility is expected to cost up to $1.73 billion,
nearly three times last years
estimate.
Work has
continued on the hospital under a series of temporary measures while
Congress and the Obama administration try to agree on a longer-term deal to
finish it. The VA has asked for another $625
million.
U.S. Rep. Mike Coffman , R-Aurora, praised the reform
amendment in a statement released on Thursday. He introduced a bill
earlier this year to transfer VA construction authority to the Army Corps
on all projects over $10 million.
As Ive long said, the
VA is not a construction entity and their terrible track record in
managing major construction projects is proof that they should not be in
the business,
Coffman
said in the statement. I am
very happy to see the U.S. Senate move legislation to get the VA out
of managing major construction projects and will work to see this type
of reform become law. Every dollar spent on VA mismanagement in
construction is a dollar wasted that instead could be spent on veterans
health care.
One-on-One Constituent
Meetings
June 27th,
2015
10:30 am- 12:00 pm
Castlewood Library
6739 S. Uinta
St.
Centennial, CO
8012
Carter Insists There
Really is a Strategy for Iraq and
Syria
By: Richard
Sisk
Military
News
Published June 17, 2015
Defense Secretary Ashton Carter
insisted to a doubting Congress Wednesday that the U.S. has a detailed
strategy for Iraq and Syria despite charges from both sides of the
aisle that the Obama administration lacked an overall plan which was
producing results.
At the same House Armed Services
Committee hearing, Joint Chiefs Chairman Gen. Martin Dempsey defended his
"lily pad" concept of forward bases in Anbar province but also appeared
at one point to question the administration's
commitment.
In response to questions from
Rep. Mike Coffman ,
R-Colo., who served as a Marine in the first Gulf war, Dempsey said "I
don't know what the administration's position is long term," but he
later backtracked on his remark. Dempsey said he meant that he has yet to
present future military options for President Obama to
evaluate.
Dempsey and Carter outlined a nine-point strategy to defeat
the Islamic State of Iraq and Syria (ISIS) and promote order throughout
the Mideast while protecting the U.S. homeland, but they were
repeatedly challenged on whether there actually was a strategy and, if so,
whether it was effective.
Rep. Mac Thornberry, R-Tex., the
HASC chairman, noted that the administration's plan was based on the
elusive goal of establishing a non-sectarian government in Baghdad.
"Hope is not a strategy," Thornberry said. "There is a sense that we are
at a particularly perilous time and that U.S. policy and strategy are
inadequate," he said.
After questioning whether the
Sunni tribes would join the fight against ISIS, Rep. Beto O'Rourke,
D-Tex., said "I hope there's a 'Plan B' for the
administration."
Carter said the "Iraq first" strategy called for building up the
Iraqi Security Force (ISF) to avoid putting U.S. troops at risk, but he
acknowledged that the plan for training and equipping new ISF
recruits was falling far short of its original goal to have 24,000 recruits
ready by this fall.
Thus far, only 7,000 recruits have
gone through the six-week training course at four sites
al-Asad in
western Anbar province, Taji north of Baghdad, Besmaya south of Baghdad
and in Irbil, capital of the Kurdish region, Carter said. An additional
2,000 Iraqis have been trained in counter-terrorism methods at a
separate site near Baghdad, Carter said.
"Our training
efforts in Iraq have thus far been slowed by a lack of trainees. We simply
haven't received enough recruits," Carter
said.
For
several weeks, about 300 Marine trainers at al-Asad were essentially idle
for lack of recruits to train, but on Tuesday Army Col. Steve Warren,
a Pentagon spokesman, said 170 recruits had recently shown up at
al-Asad.
The success or failure of the program to have local
forces drive ISIS from Iraq "hinges on Sunni fighters coming into the
ISF," Carter said. "The whole point of Taqaddum is to close that
gap."
He referred to the 450 additional U.S. troops that the
Pentagon said last week would be sent to Iraq to bring the total
number of U.S. troops in the country to about
3,550.
The 450
troops would work in eastern Anbar province out of the Iraqi military
base at Taqaddum, which is situated between the ISIS strongholds of
Fallujah and Ramadi.
The Pentagon said those troops would
not be serving as trainers but would instead focus on establishing
contacts with the Sunni tribes and on advising and assisting the ISF in
retaking Ramadi, which fell to ISIS last month as the ISF
fled.
Last week, Dempsey told reporters traveling with him in the
Mideast that he envisioned Taqaddum as the first in a series of "lily
pads" that would bolster the Iraqi forces as they eventually moved
northward to retake Mosul.
At the HASC hearing, Dempsey said
"I used the lily pad example" to illustrate a concept of establishing a
series strong points to rally local support and gain control over
territory.
Dempsey said that in nature lily pads "are not
free floating," but "are tethered to a network of vegetation
underneath."
The deployment of the 450 troops to Taqaddum "was not
a knee-jerk reaction to the fall of Ramadi," Dempsey said. "We've
been planning this for months."
While admitting to the
shortcomings of the Iraqi training program, Carter and Dempsey said that
the plan to train up to 5,000 "moderate" Syrian rebels to battle ISIS
in Syria faced even more obstacles.
Rep. Tammy Duckworth,
D-Ill., who was severely wounded as an Army helicopter pilot in Iraq,
said "I have real reservations" about the training" of the Syrian
fighters, which is being set up by Maj. Gen. Michael Nagata of U.S.
Central Command.
"Gen. Nagata is trying very hard to identify
those people" who would be committed to on, Carter said. "For now, we
don't have enough trainees" in the Syrian program, Carter
said.
Duckworth asked "is it worth it to continue?" Dempsey replied
that "it's too early to give up on
it."
The bottom line
for Carter and Dempsey was keeping U.S. troops off the front lines
and concentrated on assisting local forces to combat ISIS. "Our role is
to be an enabler" through training, advising and assisting, Carter
said.
Rep. Adam Smith, D-Wash, the ranking Democrat on the
Committee, said "We can drop 200,000 U.S. troops in the middle of
this. It won't solve the problem."
Dempsey agreed, saying
that U.S. ground troops could quickly push ISIS out of Iraq without
leading to a permanent solution. "We'll be back there two years from now,"
Dempsey said.
Carter, who questioned the Iraqis' "will
to fight" after the fall of Ramadi, said the basic requirement in Iraq
was for "capable, motivated, legitimate local ground troops to seize,
clear and hold" territory.
"As I've told Iraqi leaders,
while the United States is open to supporting Iraq more than we
already are, we must see a greater commitment from all parts of the Iraqi
government," Carter said.
Washington Office
2443
Rayburn HOB
Washington, D.C.
20515
Phone: (202)
225-7882
Fax: (202) 226-4623
District Office
Cherry Creek Place IV
3300 S. Parker Road, Suite
#305
Aurora, CO 80014
Phone: (720) 748-7514
Fax: (720) 748-7680
Unsubscribe
|
Update My Profile
|
Privacy Policy
gateway
mail end 