
If you are
having trouble viewing this message or would like to share it on a
social network, you can
view the message online .
HOME
ABOUT
CONTACT
ME
SERVING YOU
MEDIA CENTER
ISSUES &amp;
LEGISLATION
OUR DISTRICT
May 15, 2015
Dear
Friend,
First of all I want to express my condolences to all those
impacted by the crash of Amtrak train 188 in Philadelphia, PA. As the
Chairman of the Subcommittee on Railroads, Pipelines, and Hazardous
Materials, safe passenger rail systems are a constant priority of mine. I
visited the scene late on Wednesday evening to be briefed by Amtrak
President Joe Boardman, FRA Acting Administrator Sarah Feinberg, NTSB Vice
Chairman Bella Dinh-Zarr and Board Member Robert Sumwalt, and
Philadelphia Mayor Michael Nutter.
I took an Amtrak train to Philadelphia and
back on Wednesday night.
I
appreciate the efforts of all of our first responders and the agencies
tasked with understanding what happened in this tragedy and how they
can prevent something like this from ever happening again. I will be
monitoring the situation as it unfolds in the coming
days.
The Turlock Police Department Honor Guard is in town this week for the
National Police Week. I met with the group this morning at the U.S.
Capitol, where they were attending the 34rd Annual National Peace
Officers' Memorial Service.
Our men and women in blue deserve so much of our respect and
gratitude for their dedication to keeping all of us
safe.
I hope youll join me in saying
thanks to the police officers you may know.
On the house floor
this week, we spent the majority of our time considering the National
Defense Authorization Act for the Fiscal Year 2016. This is a bill
that is crucial to our military preparedness, the functions of our
entire Department of Defense and ensuring that our troops receive their pay
and benefits. It also strengthens military capability, provides
assistance to our international allies, and allocates funding for essential
defense systems.
I offered my ENLIST Act, which would
allow otherwise qualified undocumented young people who grew up here,
went to school here and know of no other country to call home to enlist
in our armed forces and earn legal status through their honorable
service, as an amendment to the bill. The House Rules committee did not
approve my amendment for floor consideration on the NDAA. I will
continue to advocate for those who want to serve. Several weeks ago I
introduced my ENLIST Act as a standalone measure, and I will continue to
press for a vote on it. For more information about the ENLIST Act,
please check out this list of common
misconceptions.
Yesterday I supported the Iran Nuclear Agreement Review Act
of 2015. This bill ensures that Congress has a say in any nuclear
deal established with Iran and prevents the President from moving
unilaterally to lift congressional sanctions. The American people should have
a chance to weigh in via their congressional
representatives.
The Western Growers Board of Directors was in D.C. this week
representing the fresh fruit, vegetable and nut industries in California
and many of our western states. I spoke to the group on Wednesday
about our ongoing water crisis, my work on the agriculture committee and
my dedication to immigration reform.
I had an engaging conversation with the Western
Growers Board.
As always, Im
available
via email
or on
Facebook ,
Twitter ,
YouTube
or
Instagram
to hear your
feedback.
Wishing you an excellent weekend!
JEFF
DENHAM
Would you support allowing otherwise qualified
undocumented immigrants who want to serve into the military? Yes No Do you believe my ENLIST Act should be considered as part
of a larger conversation about immigration reform? Yes No *By answering this survey, you are
subscribing to my newsletter. If you are having trouble, click
here.
E-mail
Updates
Yes, please periodically send me e-mail
updates.*
*By subscribing to
my
e-mail updates, you are authorizing me to send regular e-mail
updates from my office to your e-mail account.
DC
office:
1730 Longworth HOB
Washington, DC
20515
P:
202-225-4540
F: 202-225-3402
Modesto
Office:
4701 Sisk Road, Suite 202
Modesto, CA
95356
P: 209-579-5458
F: 209-579-5028
Unsubscribe
|
Update My Profile
|
Privacy
Policy
