
Dear Friends,
During President Obama&rsquo;s visit to Portland, he highlighted why reducing barriers to trade done right is critical to Oregon. With an economy that&rsquo;s growing in fits and starts, it&rsquo;s often easy to forget Oregon is a trade powerhouse. In fact, Oregon has a trade surplus in both goods and services &ndash; even with China. In 2014 alone, we exported over $20 billion in goods, making Portland the 4th largest exporter in terms of value, and Oregon 7th in the nation when measuring the total value of products sent abroad.
Not only that, international trade is a key source of high-paying jobs. Close to a half million Oregon jobs are tied to, or supported by, trade. In the midst of the economic recession, Oregon&rsquo;s trade-related employment grew 7.5 times faster than overall employment levels. These jobs benefit rural and urban Oregon alike, from high-tech companies to producers of the highly sought-after Oregon agricultural products. These are not just the big-name companies we&rsquo;re all familiar with &ndash; over 90 percent of Oregon&rsquo;s more than 5,000 exporters are small- and medium-sized businesses.
While it&rsquo;s important to consider Oregon&rsquo;s place in the global economy when assessing trade agreements, it&rsquo;s also important to make sure it is also good for the people in other countries. To do that we have to learn from the good, the bad and the ugly of our past trade policies and how they must evolve.
For 20 years, I&rsquo;ve heard strong criticisms about the weak NAFTA agreement. I did not vote for NAFTA, which was rightly criticized for failing to provide enforceable environmental and labor protections. I understand the importance of such protections. Throughout my career in Congress, I&rsquo;ve fought to strengthen trade agreements to ensure that the &ldquo;good&rdquo; gets better, the &ldquo;bad&rdquo; happens less often, and the &ldquo;ugly&rdquo; is prevented.
Like anyone who wants a strong and growing Oregon economy, I&rsquo;m a supporter of trade done right. If a trade agreement is not good for Oregonians or does not align with our values, I have not and will not support it. Trade Promotion Authority (TPA) sets the rules for the administration&rsquo;s pursuit of trade agreements and establishes how Congress will evaluate them. I&rsquo;m working to further strengthen TPA to make sure the Trans-Pacific Partnership (TPP) and other future agreements not only help export more Oregon goods, but to export Oregon&rsquo;s values as well by enacting fully enforceable human rights, labor and environmental protections.
These important reforms do not simply happen on their own. They are the result of engaging in the process and pushing for improvement. For years that&rsquo;s exactly what I&rsquo;ve done. In the weeks and months ahead, that&rsquo;s exactly what I&rsquo;ll continue to do for Oregon, for our small businesses, and for our values.
To learn more about my views on trade policy, I encourage you to visit my
website . There you will also find a section on
&ldquo;Frequently Asked Questions on Trade&rdquo;
that addresses some of the many complicated issues surrounding TPP and TPA. You can also find an
op-ed
in
The Oregonian
that I jointly authored with Senator Wyden on why trade is critical to Oregon.
Thank you for allowing me to share my thoughts on trade. I look forward to hearing from you on this and other issues important to Oregon.
Sincerely,
Earl Blumenauer
Member of Congress
Please do not respond to this email.
Click here to contact me .
District Office
&bull; 911 N.E. 11th Avenue
&bull; Suite 200 &bull; Portland, OR 97232 &bull; Phone: (503) 231-2300
Washington D.C. Office
&bull; 1111 Longworth Building &bull; Washington, DC 20515 &bull; Phone: (202) 225-4811
Unsubscribe
