
Mail begin
If you are having trouble viewing
this message or would like to share it on a social network, you can
view the message
online .
HOME
ABOUT ME
CONTACT
ME
SERVING YOU
MEDIA
CENTER
OUR DISTRICT
RESOURCES
June 01, 2015
NBAF Groundbreaking
Federal and State officials turning dirt at the NBAF
groundbreaking ceremony in Manhattan.
Last Wednesday marked
the beginning of a new chapter for Kansas and for America, as the
Department of Homeland Security broke ground on its foremost animal
disease research facility in Manhattan, Kansas. The National Bio and
Agro-Defense Facility, or NBAF, is a joint state and federal project I have
been proud to fight for in my role on the House Appropriations
Committee. NBAF will be replacing Plum Island Animal Disease Center in New
York by 2023, making Kansas the front line for America's food
security.
Congressman Yoder giving remarks as DHS Secretary Jeh Johnson, USDA
Secretary Tom Vilsack, and Senators Pat Roberts and Jerry Moran look
on.
NBAF coming to Kansas also
means an economic boon for the state and region. The facility will employ
350 full-time workers and is expected to bring in an additional 40
businesses and labs to the state, to a tune of $3.5 billion in economic
activity over 20 years. This will boost an already robust animal
health corridor that runs through the Kansas City metro area in the Third
District.
Congressman Yoder and his wife Brooke at the NBAF
groundbreaking ceremony.
Wednesday's
event showed the Kansas prairie spirit is alive and well. Like our
pioneer ancestors before us, Kansans will continue to lead America into
the future. I was honored to join other federal and state officials to
participate in the groundbreaking and I look forward to returning to
Manhattan for the ribbon cutting.
Click here to read the
Topeka Capital-Journal 's coverage of the
ceremony.
Patriot Act
Reauthorization
Click here to watch a video of Congressman Yoder's
interview with the
Topeka Capital-Journal .
As
the Senate considers the USA Freedom Act this week, it's important to
remember that this legislation does not prevent federal agencies from
searching our digital communications without a warrant. That is why we
must pass the Email Privacy Act as soon as possible, to further extend
our constitutional protections and bring our Fourth Amendment rights
into the 21st Century.
Additionally, the USA Freedom Act
continues the heavily-criticized bulk data collection program. I voted
against the bill in the House of Representatives because I dont believe
it addresses the problem of searching and seizing Americans data
without their knowledge and without any due process.
I cannot and
do not support the breach of our constitutional rights for one day,
one year, or a decade and will not support an extension of the
Patriot Act without reforms necessary to ensure we protect the Fourth
Amendment and the liberty of each American.
Fifth Circuit
Court of Appeals Rules Against Executive Amnesty
Click here to watch a
Kansas City Star
video of Congressman
Yoder discussing the Administration's executive amnesty during a visit
to Kansas City by USDA Secretary Tom Vilsack in
February.
Earlier this year, I opposed funding for President Obama's
executive order directing federal officials to ignore immigration laws
on the books.
Consistent with that
position, last week in a 2-1 decision in
Texas v. United
States , a three-judge panel of the United States Court of Appeals for
the Fifth Circuit upheld a Texas district court judges injunction
preventing the programs from going into effect. The court ruled the
injunction should remain in effect because Texas and the 25 additional
states
including Kansas
made a compelling case they would suffer harm
if the Administrations programs went into
effect.
Weve now seen a higher court rule this Administrations
decision to grant amnesty to millions of undocumented immigrants goes
beyond the scope of the Presidents prosecutorial discretion under
federal law. Its only a matter of time before this case is before the
Supreme Court, and I trust that the highest court in the land will
continue to uphold the constitution.
I
would prefer to see the Administration stop wasting taxpayer dollars
defending such a clear breach of its constitutional duties and instead
come work with Congress on crafting legislation that will sensibly reform
our immigration system. We should begin by enforcing all of the
immigration laws on the books and ensuring that our borders are completely
secure, as Congressional Republicans have insisted and the American
people have demanded.
Click here to read
POLITICO 's coverage of the Fifth
Circuit's ruling and its implications.
Transportation Advisory
Committee
Congressman Yoder
meeting with members of his Transportation Advisory Committee in
Olathe.
Having a smart long-term infrastructure plan is
critical for economic development and jobs in our region. That's why I
have assembled a Transportation Advisory Committee of civic and county
leaders from across the Third District to discuss the federal role in
our local transportation needs.
Last week, we met in Olathe
and discussed everything from the current Highway Bill before Congress
and the impact of surface transportation in the Third District, as well
as transit, trucking, aviation and rail
issues.
Transportation plays a vital role in Kansas and I appreciate these community
leaders for taking the time to advise me.
Urban League of Greater Kansas
City
Congressman Yoder with
Gwen Grant and other members of the Urban League of Greater Kansas
City.
It was a pleasure to attend Tuesday morning's
breakfast supporting the Urban League of Greater Kansas City.
I
believe in the Urban Leagues mission and know it will take continued
leadership and support of organizations like the Urban League to make a
difference in the Greater Kansas City area. Combatting poverty is going
to take the entire community working together, but having such
passionate leaders like Gwen Grant will greatly benefit Kansas
City.
Jewish Community Relations Bureau/American Jewish
Committee
Congressman Yoder addressing
the Jewish Community Relations Bureau/American Jewish Committee in
Overland Park.
Last week, I had the privilege to sit down
with members of the Jewish Community Relations Bureau/American Jewish
Committee in Overland Park. I appreciated the opportunity to hear
from the group on many issues, specifically the threat of a nuclear Iran,
foreign aid to Israel, Export/Import Bank reauthorization, and tax
and spending policy.
We also visited about successful federal
assistance over the last year to the Jewish Community Relations Bureau
to enhance security in wake of the shootings in Overland Park in
2014.
Thank you to everyone involved for your leadership in our
community.
Visit to Liberty Fruit in KCK
Congressman Yoder with Allen and
Arnold Caviar of Liberty Fruit Company.
I always
appreciate visiting local and family owned businesses in the Third District.
Since 1965, Liberty Fruit Company, Inc has offered a selection of the
highest-quality fresh produce in Kansas City, Kansas. Over 350
Liberty Fruit employees serve customers throughout Kansas, Missouri,
Nebraska, Oklahoma, Iowa, Arkansas, Illinois and
Texas.
Thank you to Allen and Arnold Caviar of Liberty Fruit for taking the
time to share their story with me last Tuesday.
Fact of the Week
The National Bio and
Agro-Defense Facility will bring an estimated 350 full-time jobs to the state
of Kansas upon its completion, expected to be in
2022-2023.
Legislative Look Ahead
MONDAY, JUNE
1ST
H.R. 404
- To authorize early repayment of obligations to the
Bureau of Reclamation within the Northport Irrigation District in the
State of Nebraska
H.R. 533
- To revoke the charter of incorporation
of the Miami Tribe of Oklahoma at the request of that
tribe
H.R. 1168
- Native American Childrens Safety
Act
H.R. 979
- To designate a
mountain in the John Muir Wilderness of the Sierra National Forest as
Sky Point"
H.R. 336
- To direct the Administrator of General
Services, on behalf of the Archivist of the United States, to convey certain
Federal property located in the State of Alaska to the Municipality of
Anchorage, Alaska
H.R. 944
- To reauthorize the National Estuary
Program
S. 802
- Girls Count Act
H.R. 1493
- Protect and Preserve
International Cultural Property Act
H.R. 1335
- Strengthening Fishing
Communities and Increasing Flexibility in Fisheries Management
Act
TUESDAY, JUNE 2ND AND THE REST
OF THE WEEK
H.R. 2578
- Commerce, Justice, Science, and
Related Agencies Appropriations
Act
Possible Consideration of
H.R. 2577
- Transportation, Housing and Urban Development, and Related Agencies
Appropriations Act
Possible
Consideration of Legislation related to expiring provisions of the PATRIOT
Act
Weekly Legislative Wrap Up
The House of
Representatives was not in session last week.
Staff
Community Office Hours
My staff can assist you from 8:00 AM
- 5:00 PM, Monday through Friday in my Overland Park Office. They can
help with any issues or concerns, as well as to provide assistance
with federal agencies and programs, including Veterans' Affairs,
Medicare, Social Security, Passports, and
Visas.
Also, we periodically have Staff Community Office Hours throughout
the district. If you are unable to visit my office, please consider
coming to the following location if it is more convenient for
you:
Noon - 1:00 PM on June
3
South
Branch Library
3104 Strong Avenue
Kansas
City, Kansas 66106
10:30 AM -
Noon on July 9
Bonner Springs Library
201 N
Nettleton AveB
Bonner Springs, KS 66012
Tell a Friend
E-mail:
E-mail:
E-mail:
Please click below to follow me on Twitter, Facebook,
Instagram, Medium and YouTube.
Washington, DC
215 Cannon HOB
Washington, DC 20515
Phone:
(202) 225-2865
Hours: Monday-Friday
9:00AM -6:00PM EST
Overland Park
7325 W. 79th
St.
Overland Park, KS 66204
Phone: (913) 621-0832
Fax: (913)
621-1533
Hours: Monday-Friday
8:00AM -5:00PM CST
Unsubscribe
|
Update My
Profile
|
Privacy Policy
