
Video of the Week:
This week Time Warner Cable News did a report on my most recent efforts to save the 440th Airlift Wing.
Click here
or on the image above to watch the video.
Weekly Update:
This week the House unanimously passed my 440th AW Amendment to the NDAA. My amendment is simple and straightforward: it will prohibit deactivation of the 440th Airlift Wing until the Secretary of Defense personally certifies that this proposal will
in no way
impact military readiness for our paratroopers at Fort Bragg. I am demanding accountability
this is something I strongly believe to be a terribly misguided and shortsighted decision. I was glad to have my colleagues rally around me in support of the 440th Airlift Wing as they unanimously passed this amendment. I have and will not stand idly by when I see a decision negatively impacting the brave men and women serving our country, and the Air Forces proposal is certainly one that commands accountability from our military leaders.
Click here
to read my full statement on passage of this amendment.
Click here
to see my speech in support of my 440 th
Airlift Wing amendment during House floor debate on the NDAA.
Also this week, my Grid Innovation Caucus Co-chair, Congressman Jerry McNerney, and I introduced H.R. 2244 and H.R. 2245
two Electric Grid Modernization provisions to be included in the House Committee on Energy and Commerces Architecture of Abundance Energy Package. As co-chair of the Grid Innovation Caucus in Congress, I have made it a priority to modernize and strengthen the electric grid to increase its security and reliability and to protect critical electric infrastructure.
Click here
for more information about this legislation
Another bill we passed in the House this week is the USA Freedom Act. This legislation ends bulk data collection, strengthens protection for civil liberties, increases transparency, prevents government overreach and helps protect national security.
Click here
for more information about the USA Freedom Act.
Voting to Protect Life
This week I voted in favor of #HR36
the Pain Capable Unborn Child Protection Act. Below is the statement I released regarding my vote:
"As difficult as this process has been, we have arrived at a better bill. Todays bill alleviates my initial concern as it demonstrates compassion towards women who are in the midst of a crisis while also creating additional protections for the unborn. As a staunch supporter of prolife matters, this new bill will play a pivotal role in providing a voice for the unborn and empowering women.
As a nurse and a mother, I know how important it is that we allow for a woman to seek medical guidance from a member of the health community during this process. This new bill encourages this discussion and provides a woman with an opportunity to have a conversation with doctors or counselors that she wouldnt have had otherwise, and this may ultimately lead her down a different path one where she embraces her unborn child and ultimately chooses life."
More on the Fight to Save the 440th
Be sure to take a look at
this editorial
from Monday's Fayetteville Observer regarding the fight to save the 440th. From the editorial: "Renee Ellmers is as tenacious a politician as we've seen in some time as she fights to keep the 440th Airlift Wing on Fort Bragg...No other posts with airborne troops have resident airlift units. But no other posts are Fort Bragg, whose airborne and special-operations soldiers are the core of this nation's global-response force. Soldiers here must be ready to deploy within hours, not days or weeks. The resident aircraft also are needed to maintain the higher level of training that Bragg troops require. Former Bragg commander Lt. Gen. Joseph Anderson said as much in a rare public comment by a top military leader on the controversy."
Snapshots from the Week
During this Women's Health Week, I spoke with representatives from the CARE organization about how much I enjoyed my trip to Guatemala and the importance of empowering women in other countries.
(Pictured above and below)
I spoke at The Ripon Society Breakfast featuring Senator Thom Tillis. In my introduction of Senator Tillis, I discussed his record of leadership as Speaker of the North Carolina House and about the important work we are doing together now to save the 440th Airlift Wing at Ft. Bragg.
On Monday, a member of my staff attended a very important announcement by Glaxo Smith Kline and The University of North Carolina at Chapel Hill regarding a public-private collaboration to accelerate the search for an HIV cure.
A member of my staff attended the Cary Chambers Honor a Teacher awards ceremony at Koka Booth Amphitheatre, where the Chamber honored a teacher from every school in Cary's Western Wake area.
WEBSITE
|
UNSUBSCRIBE
|
CONTACT
Click Here Click Here