
If you are having trouble viewing this message or
would like to share it on a social network, you can
view the message online .
HOME
ABOUT
SERVING YOU
WHERE I STAND
MEDIA CENTER
CONTACT ME
May 09, 2015
Dear Friends,
On Sunday May 10th, we take
a day to recognize, honor and celebrate mothers and their constant
and relentless commitment, love and support. On this special day, let us
take the opportunity to honor all those amazing mothers in our lives
and reflect on how their passion and drive have influenced each of us,
as well as our communities across the nation. Mothers play many
important roles throughout our lives as our teachers, comforters, friends,
and our most arduous and steadfast supporters. Mothers grant the gift
of life and then spend a lifetime showing each of us how to live life
to the fullest.
This Mothers Day, I especially remember my
own mother, Amanda or Abu Mandy as we came to call her, for her
extraordinary kindness, dedication and devotion to our family. My mother
was a loving wife and an exemplary Mom who taught my brother and me to
work hard and always make time for family and friends.
As a
Member of Congress, I am inspired to carry on Abu Mandys legacy of hard
work and dedication by working with my colleagues to help strengthen
families in our South Florida community.
I have worked with both
Republicans and Democrats to draft and pass legislation, such as the
Every Child Deserves A Family Act which would help children in the foster
care system by increasing their access to safe, supportive, and
permanent homes by allowing a larger pool of loving parents to adopt.
I was also an original cosponsor to a Congressional Resolution in
support of National Adoption Month which calls for a revision of adoption
policies in our nation in order to make it easier for loving and
responsible parents to provide children in foster care with nurturing and
loving families.
I have also worked tirelessly across the
aisle to address some of the main problems impacting women and mothers
across our community and our nation.
By cosponsoring the Womens
Safety Act and supporting Congressional Resolutions condemning
domestic violence, I have continued to work to raise awareness of the
devastating impact of domestic violence on individuals, families, and our
community. However, awareness is not enough. I am committed to
supporting programs designed to end domestic violence in our nation.
I
was also an original cosponsor of the Human Trafficking Prevention,
Intervention, and Recovery Act, The Human Trafficking Detection Act and
other solutions that seek to protect women and children in our community
from the horrors of human trafficking.
These initiatives would
enhance our ability to detect and rescue victims, punish traffickers
and provide training to local law enforcement officials on the front
line of this struggle.
This Mothers Day, let us pause to
honor and remember all the women in our lives who have cared for and
loved us, believed in our callings, and pushed us to be the best that we
can be. For my part, I will continue to support mothers and strong
families across South Florida.
Thank you to all the mothers and
grandmothers who have impacted our lives in more ways than we can ever
express. Feliz Da de las Madres!
Sincerely,
Ileana Ros-Lehtinen
Member of
Congress
Don't forget
to follow me on Twitter
@RosLehtinen . I send out
live updates and links to recent videos!
E-mail Updates
Yes, please periodically send me e-mail
updates.*
*By subscribing to my
e-mail
updates, you are authorizing me to send regular e-mail updates from my
office to your e-mail account.
Tell a
Friend
E-mail:
E-mail:
E-mail:
Washington, DC
Office
2206
Rayburn HOB |
Washington, DC 20515
Phone: (202)
225-3931 |
Fax: (202)
225-5620
Miami Office
(Main)
4960 SW 72 Ave, Suite 208 |
Miami, FL
33155
Phone: (305)
668-2285 |
Fax: (305) 668-5970
Unsubscribe
|
Update My Profile
|
Privacy
Policy
gateway mail end 