
If you
are having trouble viewing this message or would like to share it on a
social network, you can
view the message online .
June 19, 2015
"to elevate the condition of
men--to lift artificial weights from all shoulders, to clear the paths
of laudable pursuit for all, to afford all an unfettered start and a
fair chance, in the race of life."
--Abraham
Lincoln
Chairman's Note:
Safeguarding the space of freedom between Government and people of
faith
Later this month the
Supreme Court will issue its decision in Obergefell v. Hodges, the case
involving state marriage laws. But back in April, when the Court heard
oral arguments in the case, it became clear that the implications of the
Courts ruling will extend far beyond the narrow issue of marriage
licenses.
In a brief back and forth, Solicitor
General Verrilli revealed to Justice Samuel Alito that religious
institutions that maintain the traditional definition of marriage would be at
risk of having their tax-exempt status revoked by the IRS should the
Court strike down state laws defining marriage as the union of a man and a
woman.
This was a chilling moment, but not totally
unexpected. For years weve seen warnings that, for some activists,
the objective is not just legal recognition of same-sex unions, but
government coercion of individuals and institutions to affirm
and even
participate in
such unions, regardless of good-faith religious
objections.
You dont need to subscribe to any
particular faith, or hold any particular beliefs about marriage, to see the
danger of a government forcing innocent people to violate their
conscience when they are just trying to make a living, serve their community,
or educate the next generation.
Thats why Congress
must move swiftly to pass the First Amendment Defense Act, a bill
that would prohibit the federal government from penalizing individuals
or institutions on the basis that they act in accordance with a
religious belief that marriage is a union between one man and one
woman.
The First Amendment Defense Act would prevent any
agency from denying a federal tax exemption, grant, contract,
accreditation, license, or certification to an individual or institution
including the nations tens of thousands religiously affiliated schools
for
acting on their religious beliefs about
marriage.
"The First Amendment Defense Act
would prevent any agency from denying a federal tax exemption, grant,
contract, accreditation, license, or certification to an individual or
institution
including the nations tens of thousands religiously
affiliated schools
for acting on their religious beliefs about
marriage."
Some on the Left will decry this
as an unprecedented and inappropriate exercise of Congresss powers.
To see the absurdity of such a claim, look no further than the remarks
President Bill Clinton made prior to signing the Religious Freedom
Restoration Act (RFRA) in 1993.
After applauding the
Democrat-controlled Congress for passing RFRA, Pres. Clinton
proclaimed that we can never be too vigilant in safeguarding the space of
freedom between Government and people of faith that otherwise Government
might usurp.
Protecting that space of freedom
is precisely what the First Amendment Defense Act does. Anyone who
opposes it must explain to the American people why religious liberty was
worth defending in 1993 but is not in 2015.
"Almost Everything We do Requires a Permit"
To watch the full video
CLICK
HERE
Issue In Focus: The "ratchet effect" and our federal credit
system
The history of the federal
credit system is a case study in the ratchet effect
the expansion of
government activity in reaction to a crisis without a proportionate
reduction after the emergency has been resolved.
Prior
to 1929, the provision of credit by the federal government was limited
to the Federal Reserve System, originally designed only to be the
lender of last resort, and a modest farm credit
system.
Then came the Great Depression.
In response,
Washington erected the basic architecture of the modern federal credit
system as we know it today. In addition to expanding federal farm
credit programs, policymakers took the unprecedented step of providing
direct government lending and credit insurance to the areas of housing and
business.
The federal government got into the
residential mortgage business with the Federal Housing Administration,
established in 1934, and later increased its market share through housing
programs managed by the Veterans Administration. Likewise,
Washingtons first major step to meet the financing wishes of corporate America
was the creation, and perpetuation, of the Export-Import Bank in the
1930s.
Since then, there have been two additional
periods of expansion of the federal credit system: the launch of federal
student loan programs in the 1950s and 1960s and the response to the
2008 financial crisis that ingrained the too big to fail mindset in
Washington policymakers and Wall Street bankers.
As
politicians became more involved in directing the behavior of
businesses, businesses became more interested in influencing the behavior of
politicians, giving rise to todays culture of cronyism and
influence-peddling in Washington. In addition, every new federal credit program
transfers the cost and risk of private sector transactions into the
public sphere
which is to say, onto the backs of taxpayers, leaving
hardworking Americans on the hook for trillions of dollars of financial
risk for which they did not sign up.
Theres no
shortage of evidence of the dysfunction that results when political and
economic insiders rig the system to their benefit and at everyone
elses expense. But, with a federal credit system as vast and sprawling as
ours, it can be hard to quantify the true cost to the American
people.
Thats why the first step in reforming
and in
many cases limiting
our federal credit system must be to establish a
method of measuring and analyzing the size, scope, and monetary value
of our various credit programs.
Washington, D.C.
Office
361A Russell Senate Office
Building
Washington, D.C., 20510
Phone: 202.224.5444
Fax: 202.228.1168
Salt Lake City
Wallace F. Bennett Federal Building
125 South State, Suite 4225
Salt Lake City, UT
84138
Phone: 801.524.5933
Fax: 801.524.5730
St. George
Office of
Senator Michael S. Lee
285 West
Tabernacle, Suite 200
St. George, UT
84770
Phone: 435.628.5514
Unsubscribe
|
Update My Profile
|
Privacy Policy
