
NOTE: Please DO NOT respond to this email as this inbox is unattended. To contact my office please
click here
ABOUT
SERVICES
ISSUES &amp; LEGISLATION
MEDIA CENTER
RESOURCES
CONTACT
ESPAOL
For Immediate Release
Contact: Nelly Decker
Monday, June 8, 2015
(202) 225-9897
(Photo Release) Congressman Veasey Gears Up with Fort Worth Firehouse #10
Veasey learns firsthand the day-to-day lives of DFW Metroplex firefighters as part of his Marc Means Business initiative
Fort Worth, TX
Today, Congressman Marc Veasey (TX-33) geared up with the Fort Worth Fire Department bright and early for his monthly Marc Means Business work day. Rep. Veasey joined shift B members, Battalion Chief James Tate, Lieutenant Allen McLain, driver/engineer Jeff Lindberg and firefighters Kasey Gandy and Gina
Bellegante
as they prepared station #10 for the days unpredictable schedule.
Veasey spent the morning working alongside firefighters through a series of training exercises, fire safety education and fire hydrant inspections. Most members have served the Fort Worth fire department for over a decade, including firefighter Gina
Bellegante .
Bellegante
has served eleven years with the Fort Worth Fire Department reflecting on her experience as one where she looks forward to coming to work and where is able to serve her community every day.
Firefighter Gina
Bellegante
shows Congressman Marc Veasey (TX-33) how to properly fasten the over 70 lbs. of gear firefighters are expected to wear when responding to emergency calls.
It isnt every day that I have the opportunity to join the brave men and women that answer the call for help in the DFW Metroplex, Congressman Veasey said. What I experienced today is only a fraction of the time and effort that our communitys firefighters give every day to ensure the Metroplex remains safe. I thank fire station #10 for their service and I will continue to fight for funding for Texas first responders to make sure that they have the support necessary to perform their critical roles.
Since March 2014, Veasey has spent a day each month working at a different job in his district. He has baked with El Norte Bakery, served as a delivery driver with UPS, and worked as a grocery bagger for Kroger supermarket.
The Marc Means Business series connects Veasey with constituents at their place of employment to better understand the challenges they face in their work and daily lives. To invite Congressman Veasey to work with you as part of his Marc Means Business initiative, please
contact his District Office .
View
the June
2015 Marc Means Business work day photo gallery
here .
###
NOTE: Please DO NOT respond to this email as this inbox is unattended. To contact my office please
click here
UNSUBSCRIBE
|
PRIVACY POLICY
|
CONTACT US
Click Here Click Here