
If you are having trouble viewing
this message or would like to share it on a social network, you can
view the message
online .
May 17, 2015
Website
|
About Me
|
Contact Me
|
Serving You
|
Media Center
|
Legislative Work
|
Our District
|
Resources
CONGRESSMAN PEARCE VOTES TO END NSA ASSAULT ON
AMERICANS CIVIL LIBERTIES
By a vote of 338-88, the
House of Representatives today passed the USA FREEDOM Act (H.R.
2048). This bipartisan bill reforms and improves our nations foreign
intelligence-gathering programs, while enhancing privacy and civil liberty
protections. Following his vote for approval, U.S. Rep. Steve Pearce
issued this statement:
The federal government
must
be held accountable for its actions, said Pearce. Since the
revelations of gross abuses of power by the NSA in 2013, the American people
have rightly voiced significant alarm at the governments actions and
demanded that Congress act to stop the NSAs illegal actions. Passage of
the USA FREEDOM Act today takes a major step in delivering
accountability and protecting against future abuses.
Last week, the
Second Circuit Court of Appeals reiterated the sentiment of Americans
nationwide
no, the NSA does not have the legal authority to
blanket collect information on millions of American citizens.
The
PATRIOT Acts original intent was to target those who wish to do harm to
Americans, and prevent terrorist attacks. The targeted reforms in
todays bill remove any ambiguous language that the NSA could use to abuse
its powers and violate the Fourth Amendment. This is once again an
example of the new Congress working to address the concerns voiced by
the American people. I urge Senator McConnell and the Senate to quickly
take up this legislation and for the President to sign it into law
further ensuring the civil rights and privacy of Americans, Pearce
added.
Background:
The USA FREEDOM Act
strengthens Americas national security:
Helps combat ISIS:
The bill closes a
loophole in current law that requires the government to stop tracking
foreign terrorists when they enter the U.S. This provision gives the
government 72 hours to track foreign terrorists when they initially enter
the United States (it does not apply to U.S. persons)
enough time
for the government to obtain the proper authority under U.S.
law.
Clarifying the
application of the Foreign Intelligence Surveillance Act (FISA) to foreign
targets who facilitate the international proliferation of weapons of mass
destruction; and
Increasing the maximum penalties for material support of a foreign
terrorist organization.
Learn more about the USA FREEDOM Act by
clicking
here .
Background
provided by the House Judiciary
Committee.
CONGRESSION PEARCE VOTES TO PROTECT THE
UNBORN
By a vote of 242-184, the House of Representatives passed the
Pain-Capable Unborn Child Protection Act (H.R. 36). This bill
establishes federal protection for unborn children at 20 weeks, with
exceptions to save the life of the mother, or in cases of rape or
incest.
It has always been my goal to protect the most vulnerable among
us, the unborn, and todays vote is a great pro-life victory, stated
Pearce.
Substantial evidence indicates that unborn
children feel pain at least by 20 weeks, and nearly a quarter of
premature infants born at this stage are able to survive with proper medical
treatment. Exactly two years ago, late-term abortionist Kermit
Gosnell was convicted of first degree murder in the deaths of three
pain-capable babies. After late term abortions failed, Gosnell and his
employees were found guilty of snipping the spinal cord or neck of his
victims to terminate their lives.
Americans were rightfully
horrified and outraged when they learned of Gosnells hidden barbaric
practices. Unfortunately, the procedures used in late-term abortions are
comparably cruel, and the pain felt by the unborn infant is the same
excruciating pain that was inflicted on Gosnells
victims.
Pearce continued, I feel great optimism when I look toward the future
of the pro-life movement. Members of the millennial generation, who
have never lived in an abortion-free world, are stepping forward and
choosing to fight for life. Im proud to join my colleagues who cast
their vote today to protect future generations who, still in the womb,
possess the fundamental right to be born into this
world.
Pearce is a cosponsor of H.R. 36, and voted in favor of similar
legislation in the 113th Congress.
He has also voted against federal
funding for abortion, and in favor of other measures to protect the
unborn.
Background:
The Pain-Capable Unborn
Child Protection Act:
1) Prohibits abortions after 20 weeks of pregnancy,
2) allows exceptions for cases involving rape, incest or when life of
the mother is threatened and 3) provides compassionate care for mother
and child.
This legislation represents the will of the American
people: a majority agrees that late-term abortions are wrong.
60 percent
of respondents surveyed in a November 2014
Quinnipiac poll support a ban on late-term abortion.
America is only one
of seven countries that allow elective abortions after 20 weeks
placing the U.S. in the same category as China and North Korea -- where
human rights are frequently
violated.
CONGRESSMAN PEARCE VOTES TO BLOCK DANGEROUS EPA WATER
RULE
Following the Houses passage of H.R.1732, a bill to
prohibit the Environmental Protection Agency (EPA) and the U.S. Army Corps
of Engineers from finalizing a rule defining the scope of waters
subject to the Clean Water Act (CWA), U.S. Rep. Steve Pearce issued this
statement:
Increasing the federal governments jurisdiction
over U.S. waters will have a devastating impact on local economies,
costing thousands of jobs across the country, stated Pearce. The
proposed rule put forward by the Environmental Protection Agency (EPA) and
the Army Corps of Engineers will threaten the livelihoods of New
Mexicos farmers, ranchers, counties, local governments, and small business
owners who are already over-regulated by the federal government. The
legislation passed today by the House will block this dangerous rule
and force the EPA to actively engage with American citizens and their
state governments.
I urge my colleagues in the Senate to quickly
pass this legislation and send it to the President for his
signature.
Background provided by
the House Transportation and Infrastructure
Committee :
In 2014, the U.S. EPA and the U.S. Army Corps of Engineers
developed the Waters of the United States (WOTUS) proposal without properly
consulting state and local authorities; without considering their
rights, their responsibilities, their liabilities, and their budgets; and
without realistically examining the potential economic and legal
impacts on private citizens, farmers, and other
stakeholders.
The proposed WOTUS rule would significantly broaden the federal
governments power to regulate waters and adjacent lands.
The
agencies actions in developing the rule threaten to undermine the
federal-state regulatory partnership envisioned by Congress under the Clean
Water Act.
Since the rules proposal, many states and local
governments have objected to this erosion of that partnership and their
authority, and over one million public comments have been
submitted.
The Regulatory Integrity Protection Act (H.R.
1732) requires the withdrawal of the rule, and requires the agencies
to engage in outreach to stakeholders, including holding a
federalism consultation with the states and local governments, consulting
with and soliciting recommendations from other affected
stakeholders, and carefully considering all public comments before putting
forward a new proposed rule
as should have been done under the
rulemaking process.
CONGRESSMAN PEARCE
APPLAUDS PASSAGE OF THE IRAN NUCLEAR AGREEMENT REVIEW
ACT
By a vote of 400-25, the House of Representatives today passed
the Iran Nuclear Agreement Review Act of 2015 (H.R. 1191). Following
his vote in favor, U.S. Rep. Steve Pearce released this
statement:
Today, with overwhelming bipartisan support, the House took
action to require a congressional vote on any deal involving Iran and
sent a clear message to the President: No, you can't act alone.
The American people and Congress have spoken and spoken decisively, the
President must sign this measure, and allow transparency and
accountability into any deal with Iran.
This bill ensures sanctions on
Iran could not be lifted until Congress receives the terms of the final
deal and votes to approve or reject them.
America must
not blink in blocking Irans nuclear ambitions. The Islamic Republic of
Iran, a state sponsor of terrorism, has vowed to destroy our strong
ally, Israel, and continues to hold Americans hostage. I agree with
Israeli Prime Minister Netanyahus warning to the Congress and to our
international allies:
the Obama administrations nuclear deal,
negotiated in secret, would all but guarantee that Iran gets those
weapons, and lots of them.
The President seems hell-bent on
committing America to secret deals that leave Congress and the people
entirely out of the process, instead, handing the safety and security of
our nation to unelected bureaucrats from the United Nations.
While I would have preferred a stronger stance, the
House and the Senate have united to loudly say: We will review the
entire deal, no matter what you say, Mr. Obama.
No one
is above the law, not even the President.
I will continue to
work with my colleagues in Congress to keep pushing back against the
Obama administrations reckless deal, to stand with Israel, and to prevent
a nuclear Iran.
CLICK
HERE
TO READ A SUMMARY OF THE IRAN NUCLEAR AGREEMENT REVIEW
ACT.
CHECK OUT CONGRESSIONAL REVIEW WITH
CONGRESSMAN STEVE PEARCE
Have you heard "Congressional
Review" this week? Every weekend, I'm on the radio across New Mexico
discussing important legislation, events in New Mexico, and my work in
Congress. Be sure to tune in! If you haven't heard the show, call your
local radio station to ask when Congressional Review is on the air in
your hometown!
To listen to this week's Congressional Review,
click
here.
Remember, I always
look forward to hearing your thoughts on how to help job growth,
veterans, and other issues important to New Mexicans.
If you have any
ideas, suggestions, or concerns, you can contact my office
through
Facebook ,
Twitter ,
my website
or by calling
855-4-PEARCE.
Washington, DC
2432 Rayburn House
Office Building |
Washington, DC 20515
Phone: 855-4-PEARCE
(732723) or (202) 225-2365
Las
Cruces
570 N Telshor Blvd
Las Cruces, NM 88011
Phone:
855-4-PEARCE (732723)
Roswell
1717 W 2nd Street,
Suite 100
Roswell, NM 88201
Phone: 855-4-PEARCE (732723)
Socorro
111 School of Mines Road
Socorro, NM
87801
Phone: 855-4-PEARCE (732723)
Alamogordo
1101 New York Avenue, Room 115
Alamogordo, NM
88310
Phone: 855-4-PEARCE (732723)
Hobbs
200 East Broadway, Suite
200
Hobbs, NM 88240
Phone: 855-4-PEARCE (732723)
Los
Lunas
3445 Lambros Loop NE
Los Lunas, NM
87031
Phone: 855-4-PEARCE (732723)
Update My Profile
-
Unsubscribe
-
Privacy Policy
