DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.0 Transitional//EN" "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml1/DTD/xhtml1-transitional.dtd"
If you are having trouble reading this email,
please view the web version .
Looking Out For Seniors
This week the House focused on ways to protect our seniors from bad laws. To do that, we passed four bills with bipartisan support.
This first is a bill that would repeal the Independent Payment Advisory Board, or IPAB, created by the Presidents health care law.
IPAB is a group of fifteen unelected bureaucrats, nominated by the President, confirmed by the Senate, and paid $165,300 a year to serve six year terms.
IPAB was designed to reduce the per capita rate of growth in Medicare spending.
The Board's proposals will be implemented by the Secretary of Health and Human Services unless Congress acts either by formulating its own proposal to achieve the same savings or by discontinuing the automatic implementation process defined in the statute.
Proposals from the Board would be specially privileged in Congress, and, under the Presidents health care law, Congress would have to consider any of its proposals under special rules.
Read more in
this weeks OP-ED .
Mental Health Reform
The Energy and Commerce Health Subcommittee, which I chair,
conducted a hearing
this week on legislation to reform our mental health system. My friend, Pennsylvania Congressman Tim Murphy introduced comprehensive mental health care reform legislation based on his decades of experience working as a psychologist. We heard from former Democratic Congressman Patrick Kennedy, who suffers from bipolar disorder, and supports this bill, because it would make many services available to those suffering from serious mental disorders.
More than 11 million Americans suffer from a severe mental illness. It is sad to say, but many are going without treatment. Often, families struggle to find appropriate care for their loved ones. The Subcommittee intends to mark up the bill in July, and then report it to the full Committee.
Intelligence Authorization
This week, the House passed the annual Intelligence Authorization, which is the annual legislative vehicle Congress uses to instruct our intelligence services. The House-passed bill was unanimously recommended by the Intelligence Committee.
Most of it is classified. However, I can tell you that this bill would set funding levels for our intelligence services, and require them to report to Congress every 60 days on foreign fighters in Syria and Iraq. With yet another major hacking event occurring recently, it is as important as ever that our intelligence services remain the best in the world.
Bipartisan Fathers Day Resolution
As we celebrate Fathers Day this weekend, I introduced a bipartisan resolution recognizing the importance of fathers in the healthy development of children. Far too many children are growing up without the positive influence of a good father, something that both Republicans and Democrats agree on. Children with involved fathers are more likely to do well in school and have fewer behavioral problems. We need to encourage more fathers to support their children and to be involved in their lives. Single parents do a valiant job of raising children, but it is always best for kids to have an active mother and father.
Facebook
Podcast
Tell Joe Your Opinion
Issues
The 16th District
Ask Joe For Help
The Government
Legislation
Press
About Joe Pitts
Photo Gallery
Please feel free to
forward this email to your friends and family .
Recent Videos
The Necessity of Repealing the IPAB
Rep. Pitts testifies before the House Rules Committee in support of repealing the Independent Payment Advisory Board.
Pennsylvania's Tradition of Religious Tolerance
Rep. Pitts speaks in favor of preserving religious liberty.
Washington, D.C. Office
420 Cannon House Office Building
Washington, DC 20515
(1st Street and Independence Avenue)
202-225-2411
202-225-2013 (fax)
Chester County Office
Post Office Box 837
Unionville, PA 19375
(Routes 82 and 926)
610-444-4581
610-444-5750 (fax)
Lancaster Office
150 North Queen Street
Suite 716 (7th floor)
Lancaster, PA 17603
717-393-0667
717-393-0924 (fax)
Click Here Click Here