
[if (gte mso 9)]>
<![endif]
Rep. Bob Goodlatte
Small Businesses Have Large Impacts on Local Economies
Driving
through the Sixth Congressional District is a lesson in the role small businesses play in shaping and growing our communities. Whether it&rsquo;s a
hardware store that&rsquo;s been around for generations, an assisted living facility that prides itself on quality care, or a tech startup paving the
way forward, small businesses are instrumental in driving local economies and providing jobs for our family members, neighbors, and friends. In fact,
half of America&rsquo;s workforce in the private sector is employed by small businesses.
As we mark Small Business Week, it is important that we applaud the men and women who are behind them. Small business owners are no
strangers to sacrifice. They sacrifice their time by putting in long hours, and, in some cases, their own pay to ensure that employees receive a pay
check. A recent report found that 67 percent of small business owners would delay or reduce their own compensation in order to make ends meet.
As any small business owner or entrepreneur can attest, many challenges are
faced on a daily basis. One of these is the uncertainty of costly government mandates and regulations. It&rsquo;s a significant challenge for these
businesses to understand and comply with poorly crafted and ever-growing regulations. Small businesses deserve a voice in Washington.
In honor of National Small Business Week, I made several stops at small businesses in
Lexington. Top left to right: Talking w/ Lexington Prescription Center about regulations; touring Cornerstone Bank; visiting folks at Heritage Hall;
and,
stopping by
Kenney's .
Earlier this
year, I was proud to support the
Small Business Regulatory Flexibility Improvements Act
both in the House Judiciary Committee and the full
House of Representatives.
This bill
delivers a simple, common
sense mandate to the Executive Branch: Work together with small businesses and design smarter, less burdensome rules that account for their unique
concerns. It only makes sense that those imposing regulations in Washington would be required to communicate better with the small business community
and actively search for ways to reduce unnecessary burdens.
American
innovation is critical to a competitive global economy, and many small businesses are at the forefront of that innovation. In fact, small businesses
&ldquo;produce 16.5 times more patents per employee than large firms.&rdquo; However, this innovation is all too often threatened by abusive patent
lawsuits. Many small businesses do not have access to the resources required to defend themselves. Forty percent of small companies threatened with a
patent lawsuit reported a &ldquo;significant operational impact&rdquo; such as delayed hiring. My bill, the
Innovation Act , would address
these costly, unfair practices and help strengthen the patent system to ensure the protection of American inventions and innovation. The
Innovation Act
has strong bipartisan support, and I am
working to see these important protections approved by Congress.
The
impact of small businesses on our local economies is anything but small. More than 1.4 million Virginians are employed by these businesses. It&rsquo;s
these folks who are building an economy of opportunity, and Congress has the opportunity now to advance policies that protect free enterprise, create
certainty in the tax code, and cut red tape.
In Case You Missed
It...
--
Today marks the 70th anniversary of VE Day - the victory over enemy forces in Europe. We remember
our WWII veterans and the countless sacrifices of many in defense of freedom. Several WWII planes flew over Washington today to honor this occasion.
My staff captured a great video.
Click here to
watch.
-- 5 Things to Know About the
USA Freedom Act
-
Read More
Here.
-- Thursday was the 64th annual
National Day of
Prayer .
&quot;Lord, hear our cry,&quot; this year's theme, is a reminder of a need to pray for healing and unity as a nation. James 5:16
tells us that &quot;the prayer of a righteous person is powerful and effective.&quot; Because of this, we can trust that when His people pray, the
Lord hears. I hope you will join me in lifting up the United States in prayer.
To all of the mothers, may you have a
very Happy Mother's Day!
# # #
www.Goodlatte.House.Gov
This message was
generated from an unattended mailbox.
Should you have further questions, please visit the &quot; Contact Bob &quot;
section of my website or call my office at (202) 225-5431.
This message was intended for:
dj724530@gmail.com
You were added to the system November 2, 2013.
For more information
click here .
Update your preferences
Unsubscribe
|
Unsubscribe via email
