
If you are having trouble viewing this message or would like to
share it on a social network, you can
view the message online .
June 22, 2015
WEBSITE
ABOUT
CONTACT
ISSUES
MEDIA
CENTER
SERVICES
Trade Promotion Authority
(TPA)
Last week, the House voted on legislation known as trade
promotion authority, or TPA. I want to take this opportunity to discuss
why trade is so important to our economy and why trade is a conservative
cause. Simply put, free trade empowers the individual to make
decisions in his best interest without undue government influence.
If you look around your house or at your car, without question,
you will see imported products. Free trade allows you, as an
individual, to make the best economic choice for your family. When economic
enterprise is free from unnecessary government interference and all
enterprise is treated equally, the most competitive actors will rise to the
top. That means higher quality products and lower prices, which
translates to improved standards of living and economic growth.
I
believe that when American businesses and entrepreneurs are placed on
a level playing field - when we eliminate tariffs and protectionist
barriers at home and abroad - American businesses can compete and win
against any other foreign competitors. The famed economist Milton
Friedman said free trade ultimately forces competitors to "put up or shut
up." Now is the time to set the table for free trade. If given a level
playing field, I know American businesses will put up.
...read more.
Click the
image above to see me speaking on the House floor on the importance of
free trade
Click the image above
to see me speaking on the House floor on trade promotion authority
(TPA)
Click the image above to see
me speaking on Morning Joe regarding trade promotion authority
(TPA)
In Case You Missed
It:
Trade
promotion law promises greater economic
opportunity
June
12, 2015
By Rep. Mimi Walters
This week,
Congress has a historic opportunity to unite behind an issue that will
create jobs, raise wages and solidify the U.S. as the leader in the
21st century economy. On Friday, the House is expected to vote on a bill
known as trade promotion authority, or TPA. This legislation would
empower Congress to dictate the terms of free trade agreements and ensure
the U.S. secures the best trade deal possible for American workers,
manufacturers, farmers and ranchers. This issue shares broad bipartisan
support ranging from Senator Ted Cruz, R-Texas, Congressman Paul
Ryan, R-Wis., and President Obama. Its passage is vital to ensuring
American global leadership and creating opportunities for good-paying,
high-quality jobs for the American people.
...read
more.
Repealing the Medical Device
Tax
Last week, I was pleased to support the
repeal of Obamacare's 2.3% excise tax on the medical device industry.
Right now, California is home to more than 1,500 of the estimated 6,000
plus medical device companies in the nation. The medical device tax,
which falls on businesses creating life-saving medical equipment like
pacemakers and heart valves, hurts California more than any other
state. As the only country in the world that levies an excise tax on
medical device companies, we cannot continue to unfairly punish U.S.
innovators and consumers who rely on these life-saving products.
...read more.
Supporting our
Troops
As the daughter of a U.S. Marine, I understand the
sacrifice that our troops make to serve and defend this great nation.
For this reason, I was pleased to support legislation which would give
our troops a well-deserved 2.3% pay raise - 1% higher than the
President's request. This bill would also enhance our national security by
equipping and preparing our military force with the tools and resources
they need to keep our country safe.
...read
more.
Let's be friends on
Snapchat
I just joined Snapchat! Add
me as your friend to stay up to date as I travel throughout
California's 45th district and discuss my votes on upcoming legislation. Place
your Snapchat camera over the ghost below and tap the ghost, or just
add me by username at
RepMimiWalters . I look
forward to staying in touch with you!
Raising Awareness for
Alzheimer's
Wearing my purple to raise awareness for
Alzheimer's
Disease
June marks Alzheimer's &amp; Brain Awareness month
- a time to shine a purple light and raise awareness for those
affected by Alzheimer's disease.
Please join me and the Alzheimer's Association, Orange County
Chapter by showing your support for the 47 million people worldwide who
are living with Alzheimer's and other dementias. Take the Purple
Pledge and commit to raising awareness in June for Alzheimer's and Brain
Awareness Month by wearing purple.
As the 6th leading cause of death in the U.S., we must
do all in our power to combat and ultimately find a cure for this
devastating disease.
...read
more.
Speaking at UCI's Alzheimer's
briefing and announcing
my new membership to the Congressional Task Force on Alzheimers
Disease
As always,
please reach out to my office with any questions, concerns, or comments
at 202-225-5611 or you can
write to me here .
For daily updates, follow me on
Facebook ,
Twitter , or
Instagram .
Warmest Regards,
Mimi
E-mail Updates
Yes, please periodically send me e-mail
updates.*
*By subscribing to my
e-mail
updates, you are authorizing me to send regular e-mail updates from my
office to your e-mail account.
CONTACT INFORMATION
Washington, DC Office
236 Cannon House Office Building
Washington,
DC 20515
Phone: 202.225.5611 |
Fax:
202.225.9177
District
Office
3333 Michelson Drive Suite 230
Irvine, CA
92612
Phone: 949.263.8703 | Fax: 949.263.8704
Unsubscribe
|
Update My
Profile
|
Privacy Policy
