Friend
A
recent study
by American Action Forum (AAF), an independent policy institute, provides some data-driven insight into the impact that regulatory cost burdens are having on the private sector.
The study details how the Administrations regulatory policies support big government and create big problems for the rest of America
particularly for small businesses. Thats not surprising: While todays heavy load of regulations burden businesses of all sizes, larger businesses can be better able to adapt and absorb the costs associated with regulations. Small businesses, on the other hand, may not have the time or resources available to comply with the costs of burdensome, duplicative, or confusing regulations
which can result in companies closing and lost jobs.
To give you an idea of the enormous number of regulations on the books, below is a picture I took recently in Representative Bill Poseys office, who says he has been stacking up all the new and proposed federal regulations from April 2011-present. As they say, a picture is worth a thousand words
or in this case, thousands of regulations.
To me, it simply doesnt make sense.
We want our small businesses to be growing, thriving, innovating, and creating value and jobs
so why cripple them with a back-breaking amount of regulations to comply with ? That is not to say certain regulations are not necessary and beneficial
they are. But they must be streamlined, make sense, and be weighed against the impact they will have on our small business owners who were responsible for
generating
60% to 80% of net new jobs created annually over the last decade.
Thats why I recently cosponsored
a bill
to require federal agencies to provide timely, detailed information about how much proposed regulations will cost and what impact they will have on businesses, families, and communities
before
the regulation is allowed to go into effect. Its commonsense.
Yours in service,
Randy
Click Here
to view this email in your browser
Click Here
to be removed from this list