DOCTYPE HTML PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD HTML 4.0 Transitional//EN"
House Passes USA FREEDOM Act, Now It's the Senate's Turn
Two years ago, Americans received the shocking news that the U.S. government is collecting records of every single phone call we make. To justify this bulk collection program, the National Security Agency (NSA) relied on a blatant misinterpretation of Section 215 of the PATRIOT Act.
As the author of the PATRIOT Act, I can assure you that the bill never intended such an invasion of the privacy of innocent Americans. Earlier this week, the Second Circuit Court of Appeals decision confirmed what Ive been saying since the program was revealedbulk collection is illegal.
On Wednesday, the House of Representatives overwhelmingly passed the USA FREEDOM Act by a vote of 338-88. This bipartisan bill, which I introduced, bans bulk collection. By reining in the Administrations surveillance abilities and increasing transparency, the bill improves privacy protections for American citizens. It also creates more targeted and effective surveillance tools, making our nation safer.
Backed by a wide spectrum of supporters, from civil libertarians to national security hawks, the USA FREEDOM Act strikes the delicate balance between preserving privacy rights and protecting our country from terrorist threats. With key provisions of the PATRIOT Act set to expire June 1, 2015, this bill is the most responsible path forward.
It is now up to the Senate to move quickly to pass the USA FREEDOM Act. I urge my colleagues in the Senate to stand up for civil liberties and national security by adopting these important reforms.
View Congressman Sensenbrenners Floor Statement,
here .
Quick Links
Message From Jim
You are receiving this email because you are subscribed to the Update List. I am offering this service as a way for me to keep in touch with my constituents by providing timely updates on current events in the House.
Please do not reply to this email; if you would like to contact me click on "Email Me."
Events
Town Hall Meetings
Sunday, May 17th
7:00 pm - Menomonee Falls Village Hall
Sunday, June 7th
7:00 pm - New Berlin City Hall
Monday, June 8th
7:00 pm - Wauwatosa Public Library
Sunday, June 21st
7:00 pm - Richfield Village Hall
In the News
5/12
Milwaukee Journal Sentinel
Jim Sensenbrenner's surveillance bill hits House floor Wednesday
WASHINGTON, DC OFFICE
2449 Rayburn HOB
Washington, DC 20515
T (202) 225-5101
BROOKFIELD, WI OFFICE
120 Bishops Way, #154
Brookfield, WI 53005
T (262) 784-1111
Click Here Click Here