
In This Issue:
Washington Update
Will Congress give up its War Powers?
District Update - Oyster Edition
Protecting the Bay and growing the oyster population makes good environmental, economic, and gastronomical sense. Who's hungry?
Where Have You Been, Scott?
There's only one place they call me one of their own.
Quoteworthy
The Rigell Report: May 2015
Washington Update
In Case You Missed It
Rigell Op-Ed in Roll Call: Will Congress Give Up Its War Powers?
Recently, Roll Call ran Congressman Rigell's op-ed about Congressional War Powers and the fight against ISIS.
Click the photo above to see the full piece online, or scroll down to read part of the text.
Congress has no higher responsibility than to provide definitive guidance to the commander in chief as to the conditions under which American service members lives are put at risk. This includes a clear explanation of the troops mission, the fundamental purpose for engaging U.S. forces and a definition of success. Failure to respond to the presidents request for an AUMF against ISIS is not an acceptable option. Continued congressional inaction would cede all authority to the executive branch and would contribute, irrefutably, to the further erosion of the balance of powers. Tackling tough issues is what we were elected to do and what the law requires us to do.
Lets bring an AUMF to the floor. Lets engage in a robust, fact-driven debate, whatever the result. In doing so, well meet our lawful obligation. More importantly, we will fulfill the duty owed to our troops, which is to follow the document they defend with such honor and courage.
See the full op-ed online.
Click here to read more about Congressman Rigell's efforts to protect Congress' War Powers.
District Update
Dear Friend,
My love of Virginia oysters is no secret.
But oysters offer more than a delicious treat: they filter the waters they live in and help provide a cleaner, healthier ecosystem. There are significant economic benefits to increasing our oyster population and working toward a cleaner Chesapeake Bay.
A recent report by the Chesapeake Bay Foundation found that committing to a cleaner Bay would lead to a $22 billion increase per year in direct economic benefit to the greater Bay area
$8.3 billion in Virginia alone!
Healthier water means the homes in our district would be worth more; our farmers would be more productive; and our tourism industry would grow.
Educating the next generation on the importance of protecting the Bay is critical to its long-term health.
Thats why I was proud to join some Kemps Landing Magnet School students aboard the Chesapeake Bay Foundations floating classroom a few weeks ago on a tour of the Lynnhaven River and the Chesapeake Bay (pic below!).
We had an awesome morning learning about environmental stewardship - and we even got to handle some real live fish!
I also find tremendous value in our Chesapeake Bay Advisory Board
an effort to bring together local environmental leaders and business owners to discuss and advance strategies to clean and maintain the Bay.
And in Congress, were working to ensure that the Chesapeake Bay clean-up is properly managed and that it remains a priority. (Read more about my efforts to protect the Bay
here .)
Now lets go back to where we started: where can you go to sample the best Virginia oysters?
Check out this guide to Virginias oyster regions, and start planning your tour of the Virginia Oyster Trail. (Oh, and about that old myth that you should only eat oysters in months with the letter r: American oysters and other shellfish are safe and good to eat any month of the year.
So get hungry, and get out there!)
click to enlarge
Where Have You Been, Scott?
Hey - a guy's gotta eat!
Fun stopping at the Golden Corral with our Military Liaison, Bre, in between visiting with veterans groups.
What an honor to deliver remarks TWICE at Regent University last weekend!
I had the chance to honor Roger Orozco and present him the 2015 Outstanding Master of Business Administration Graduate award.
Roger is a member of our family, and I couldn't be prouder of him.
Read more about his story in this
Virginian-Pilot story .
It was an honor to help pack boxes for homeless veterans at the H.E.L.P. Center in Hampton.
AmeriCorps NCCC (National Civilian Community Corps) is working tirelessly to help our nation's struggling vets.
Quoteworthy
Words to live by:
"Let us not seek the Republican answer or the Democratic answer, but the right answer. Let us not seek to fix the blame for the past. Let us accept our own responsibility for the future."
-President John F. Kennedy
WEBSITE
|
UNSUBSCRIBE
|
CONTACT
Click Here Click Here