
Babin Bulletin | May 10, 2015
Click here
if you have trouble viewing this email
Happy Mother's Day!
On this special day, I would like to wish a very
Happy Mothers Day to all of our amazing mothers out there. We are truly grateful for everything you
do to make our families stronger. I hope you have
a wonderful and joyful day surrounded by the ones you love most.
Babin Hosts Deer Park
District Office Open House
On Monday, we held an open house at our Deer Park District Office to welcome constituents and highlight the many services offered by our congressional office. Providing quality constituent services is our top goal and our team is here to listen and assist in any way we can. We work under an open door policy and welcome any opportunity to help our constituents and local
communities. If you need help with Social Security, Medicare, veterans benefits, disability issues, or any other federal program, please visit our Deer Park District Office at 203 Ivy Avenue, Suite 600, Deer Park, TX 77536, or call at (832) 780-0966. Check out the Deer Park Broadcaster's coverage of the event by
clicking here .
64th Annual
National Day of Prayer
This past Thursday marked the 64th annual National Day of Prayer. On this day each year we pause and put ourselves humbly before God, seeking His guidance for our nation and His grace and mercy upon us as a people. The National Prayer Day is an annual reminder for us to be in
prayer for our nation, our leaders, and our military members. It gives us the opportunity in this season of uncertainty to be reminded that the Lord hears our cries. In observance of this important day, I shared my personal reflections and prayers for our nation in a short video message. To watch, please
click here .
Praying for Garland
Our prayers are with those impacted by last week's shooting attack in Garland, Texas. We owe a debt of gratitude to local law enforcement for their quick response - preventing an even more tragic situation. As we await further details, Texans everywhere stand united against such evil and terror.
Snap-shots
from the Week
Congressman Babin offers his prayers for the nation during the "Washington - A Man of Prayer" event in the U.S. Capitol.
The annual event brings together members of Congress, Christian leaders, and people of faith to honor Washington as a man of Christian faith. To view video of the event, please
click here .
Bill Buchanan of Liberty's "Shine All Nine" KSHN Radio 99.9 FM speaks with Congressman Babin about his first few months in office.
Congressman Babin with Astronaut Gene Cernan, Commander of Apollo 17 and the last man to walk on the moon. Astronaut Cernan is a true American hero, inspiring so many with his leadership in space exploration.
Forward to a Friend
|
Share on Facebook
|
Share on Twitter
UPDATE SUBSCRIPTION OPTIONS
|
PRIVACY POLICY
|
CONTACT US
Click Here Click Here