 Mail
begin
If you are having trouble viewing this message or
would like to share it on a social network, you can
view the message online .
June 04, 2015
Unsubscribe
Update My Profile
Website
|
About Doug
|
Constituent
Services
|
Issues &amp; Legislation
|
News
|
Contact Doug
Supporting the 2016
Commerce, Justice. and Science Appropriations
Bill
6/4/15
Congressman Doug Lamborn has issued the following
statement marking House passage of H.R. 2578, the Commerce, Justice, Science,
and Related Agencies Appropriation Act of 2016. The bill covers the
Department of Commerce, the Department of Justice, the National
Aeronautics and Space Administration (NASA), the National Science Foundation
(NSF), among other agencies. The bill is $661 million below President
Obama's budget requests.
The
Congressman also offered an amendment designed to prohibit the ATF
from using funding to utilize license plate readers to collect
information on individuals attending gun shows. Under this program, mere
attendance at a gun show would have been enough to have ones attendance
recorded in a massive DEA database whose primary purpose is asset
forfeiture, a controversial practice of seizing motorists possessions if
police suspect they are criminal proceeds. Many of the seizures taking
place without any evidence of criminal
wrongdoing.
This amendment was supported by the National
Rifle Association, the Gun Owners of America, and the American Civil
Liberties Union. Unfortunately, Democrats used a parliamentarian gimmick
to prohibit consideration of the
amendment.
"The House has worked diligently to provide the
most efficient investments possible to these agencies. Many
amendments were added strengthening the Second Amendment rights of Americans,
toughening anti-drug measures, and assisting veterans with mental
health issues. Our prudent investments will allow America to continue to
serve as a global leader in the fields of counterterrorism, law
enforcement, space exploration, scientific research, and
cybersecurity."
- Congressman Doug Lamborn
(CO-05)
Bill Highlights (Courtesy of House
Appropriations Committee)
Department of Justice (DOJ)
The bill funds DOJ at $27.5
billion, an increase of $852 million above the fiscal year 2015 enacted
level. This funding will strengthen critical investigation, law
enforcement, and prosecution activities to protect the safety and well-being of
communities across the
country.
Federal Bureau of Investigation (FBI)
The bill includes $8.6 billion for the FBI
an increase of $111 million
above the fiscal year 2015 enacted level. Within this funding,
priority is given to counterterrorism, counterintelligence, and
cybercrime.
Drug
Enforcement Administration (DEA)
The DEA is funded at $2.4 billion
in the legislation, an increase of $45 million above the fiscal year
2015 enacted level. This includes $372 million for regulatory and
enforcement efforts to combat prescription drug
abuse.
Bureau of Alcohol,
Tobacco, Firearms and Explosives (ATF)
The legislation contains $1.25
billion for the ATF, $49 million above the fiscal year 2015 enacted
level. The bill continues all provisions carried in previous years related
to Second Amendment rights, and makes four of these provisions
permanent law. Also included is a provision prohibiting funding for an
unauthorized reporting and registration requirement on the sale of multiple
rifles to the same person in various border
states.
Grant Programs
The
bill includes a total of $2 billion for various grant programs, a
reduction of $334 million below the fiscal year 2015 enacted level. Within
this amount, funds are targeted to the highest-priority national
programs, including $474 million for Violence Against
Women programs (an
increase of $44 million), $409 million for Byrne Justice Assistance Grants
(an increase of $33 million), $220 million for the State Criminal
Alien Assistance Program (which the President proposed to eliminate), and
$68 million for missing and exploited children
programs.
In
addition, the bill creates a new, $50 million Community Trust Initiative.
This will fund efforts to improve the safety of local communities and
support police training and research, including: $15 million for body
camera pilots and research, $30 million for justice reform and
collaboration efforts, and $5 million for improved statistics
collection.
National
Aeronautics and Space Administration (NASA)
NASA is funded at $18.5
billion in the bill, $519 million above the 2015 enacted level. This
funding
includes:
$4.8 billion for Exploration
$403 million above the
fiscal year 2015 enacted level. This includes funding to continue the
development of the Orion Multi-Purpose Crew Vehicle and Space Launch
System flight program, and to continue progress in the commercial crew
program.
$5.2 billion for NASA Science programs
$7 million below the 2015
enacted level. This includes funding above the Presidents request for
planetary science to ensure the continuation of critical research and
development
programs.
Department of Commerce
The bill includes $8.2
billion for the Commerce Department, a reduction of $251 million below the
fiscal year 2015 enacted level and $1.6 billion below the Presidents
request for these programs. This includes funding for the following
agencies:
Patent and Trademark Office (PTO)
The bill provides $3.3
billion for the PTO, which is equal to the estimated amount of fees to be
collected by the PTO during fiscal year 2016. The bill also includes a
provision that allows the PTO to use any fees in excess of the
estimated collected amount, subject to congressional
approval.
National
Institute of Standards and Technology (NIST)
NIST is funded at $855
million in the bill, which is $9 million below the fiscal year 2015
enacted level. Within this total, important core research activities are
funded at $675 million to help advance U.S. competitiveness, innovation,
and economic growth, and to improve cyber
security.
National Oceanic and
Atmospheric Administration (NOAA)
The legislation contains $5.2
billion for NOAA, which is $274 million below the enacted level. Within
this total, the National Weather Service is funded at $968 million
$4
million above the Presidents request. The bill also includes full
funding for the continuation of the current Joint Polar Satellite System
weather satellite program and the Geostationary Operational
Environmental Satellite program to help maintain and improve weather forecasting
to warn communities about potentially devastating natural
disasters..
Census Bureau
The Census Bureau is funded at $1.1 billion in the bill,
$25 million above the fiscal year 2015 enacted level and $387 million
below the request. The additional funding is for research and planning
activities as we approach the next decennial census.
.
National Science
Foundation (NSF)
The legislation funds NSF at $7.4 billion, an
increase of $50 million above the fiscal year 2015 enacted level. This
funding is targeted to programs that foster innovation and U.S. economic
competitiveness, including funding for research on advanced
manufacturing, cybersecurity, neuroscience and STEM
education.
Savings
The bill makes
reductions to several lower-priority programs for a savings of over
$400 million compared to fiscal year 2015, and it rescinds $375 million
in unused prior year
funds.
Other Provisions
The bill includes several
policy provisions, such
as:
Continuation of a prohibition on the transfer
or release of Guantanamo detainees into the
U.S.;
Continuation of various
existing provisions related to
firearms;
A prohibition on NASA and the
Office of Science and Technology Policy engaging in bilateral activities
with China unless authorized or certified via procedures established
in the bill;
Prohibits funds for exports to the Cuban military officers or
their
families;
Continues language prohibiting funds to relinquish the
responsibility of Department of Commerce with respect to Internet domain
name system functions;
and
A continuation of existing policies related to
the sanctity of life.
Contact Info
WASHINGTON OFFICE
2402 Rayburn HOB
Washington, DC 20515
Phone: (202)
225-4422
Fax: (202) 226-2638
DISTRICT OFFICE
1125 Kelly Johnson Blvd., Suite
330
Colorado Springs, CO 80920
Phone: (719) 520-0055
Fax: (719) 520-0840
DISTRICT OFFICE
415 Main Street
Buena Vista, CO 81211
Phone: (719) 520-0055
Fax:
(719) 520-0840
Update My Profile
-
Unsubscribe
-
Privacy Policy
