
Friday, May 15, 2015
WEBSITE
|
FORWARD TO A FRIEND
| SHARE ON:
Foxx Report
The right to life is the most fundamental of rights, and this week the House showed
it will not sit idly by
while the innocent and voiceless are subjected to the grotesque and brutal procedure that is late-term abortion.
The science is clear. Unborn children at 20 weeks of development are individuals capable of experiencing great pain, and I was
proud to support
passage of the Pain Capable Unborn Child Protection Act, which would prohibit elective abortions after 20 weeks of pregnancy.
We go to extraordinary lengths in this country to save the lives of our fellow human beings because we value life so much. However, there are many who do not hold the unborn in the same esteem and that is tragic. Every life matters. It is my hope that a culture of life will take hold and all children will be protected in law in the near future.
Telephone Town Hall
On June 9th, I invite you to participate in a telephone town hall meeting where you will be able to get an update on my work in Washington and where I will take questions from residents of North Carolinas 5th Congressional District.
Constituents will have the opportunity to participate either by calling in to the event or registering in advance to receive a phone call. Below are the details if you would like to join in the conversation:
What:
Telephone Town Hall Meeting
Host:
Congresswoman Virginia Foxx
When:
Tuesday, June 9, 7:15 p.m.
8:15 p.m.
Call-In Number:
1-877-229-8493 (Passcode: 114272)
Website Registration:
http://vekeo.buzz/i13
Telephone town halls are one of the opportunities where the people I represent can share directly with me their concerns and ideas. I look forward to hearing your thoughts and questions.
Waters of the United States
In 2014, the U.S. Environmental Protection Agency and the U.S. Army Corps of Engineers issued a rule that would significantly broaden the federal governments power to regulate waters and adjacent lands under the Clean Water Act. The rule would have given the federal government jurisdiction over puddles, roadside ditches, irrigation ditches and storm and wastewater systems.
Federal agencies frequently place burdensome regulations on the American public, and the Waters of the United States rule is no exception. On Tuesday I voted for legislation that would require the agencies to start over and develop a new rule in consultation with state and local governments and other stakeholders.
This common sense legislation prevents an out-of-touch administration from threatening the livelihood of North Carolinas farmers and saddling local governments with exorbitant compliance costs.
Providing for the Common Defense of the United States
Providing for the common defense of the United States of America is the federal governments primary responsibility. This week the House passed the
National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2016 , which maintains the nations defense readiness and ensures the continued success of our military personnel by providing them with the best equipment, skills development and compensation.
During debate, I supported an amendment by Congressman Mo Brooks that removed language from the bill encouraging the Secretary of Defense to waive enlistment requirements for illegal aliens. The NDAA is not the place for a debate on immigration, and its unfortunate that Democrats used the committee mark-up to advance a partisan issue on what should be bipartisan legislation supporting our troops.
Protecting Civil Liberties and Strengthening National Security
The House also passed legislation to
reform the nations intelligence-gathering programs
operated under the Foreign Intelligence Surveillance Act (FISA). H.R. 2048, the
USA FREEDOM Act , would end bulk data collection and specifically prohibits large-scale, indiscriminate collection of data such as all records from an entire state, city or zip code.
Congress should be vigilant in ensuring that the government doesn't infringe upon the constitutional rights of individual Americans, and I believe this legislation renews a focus on the civil liberties of our citizens while providing appropriate, narrow authorities to meet the countrys national security needs.
Congressional Oversight of Iran Nuclear Agreement
On Thursday the House passed legislation that would give Congress an opportunity to review any final international agreement on Iran's nuclear program before the president could waive or suspend congressionally-imposed sanctions.
Our work on these issues is vital to ensure Iran does not gain a nuclear weapon with which to threaten the U.S., Israel and her other allies.
With my colleagues in Congress, I will continue to do all in my power to provide oversight of these negotiations and ensure Irans compliance with the terms of any agreement.
Whats Coming Up
Next week the House will consider the America COMPETES Act, which would ensure that federal science funding is targeted at basic research and not presidential pet projects such as climate change or biofuels.
Sincerely,
NOTE: Please DO NOT respond to this email as this inbox is unattended. To contact my office please
click here
SIGN UP TO RECEIVE REGULAR UPDATES
|
PRIVACY POLICY
|
CONTACT US
Click Here Click Here