
District Update | May 15, 2015
Click here if you have trouble viewing this email
Friends,
The most fundamental role of the federal government is to provide for our common defense. After six full years of the Obama administrations weak commitment to our military readiness,
now is the time reclaim a strong national defense as a top priority.
That's why I voted for the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2016, which authorizes the resources necessary to protect our nation today and prepare for the threats of tomorrow.
Additionally,
this critical legislation will strengthen Georgias military installations, along with the communities they support.
With more than 100,000 active-duty soldiers, reservists and guardsmen in Georgia
the fourth largest military population in the nation
I am proud to support our men and women in uniform by voting for this legislation.
Protecting America From a Bad Deal
A nuclear Iran is unacceptable , and thats why I voted for the Iran Nuclear Agreement Review Act. Without this legislation, Congress would have no say in the Obama administrations agreement with Iran, leaving the administration to make whatever deal it wants.
This bill, however, gives Congress the ability to conduct oversight on behalf of the American people, and to vote to approve or disapprove of the administrations deal before it takes effect.
I will not support any plan that provides a path to a nuclear Iran.
Protecting Innocent Life
Years ago, my wife Julie and I worked with many concerned citizens to keep an abortion clinic out of Northwest Georgia.
The mission to protect innocent life, born and unborn, has been at the core of my public service.
Accordingly, I voted this week for the Pain-Capable Unborn Child Protection Act, which bans abortions after 20 weeks of pregnancy, the point at which an unborn child can feel pain.
My vote for this legislation is a vote to protect unborn lives, and the conscience of millions of people around the country who, like me, believe every unborn baby has the right to life.
While we must continue fighting to save unborn babies in every stage of pregnancy, this bill represents a critical step forward.
Freedom first,
GOP lawmakers from Georgia join opposition to Obamas immigration plan
Georgias two U.S. senators and three of its congressmen joined 108 other Republican federal lawmakers this week in filing court papers opposing President Barack Obamas executive actions on immigration.
U.S. Sens. Johnny Isakson and David Perdue and U.S. Reps. Buddy Carter, Tom Graves and Tom Price added their names to the court brief supporting a lawsuit brought by Georgia and 25 other states. The American Center for Law and Justice, a conservative law firm based in Washington, is also a part of the new effort.
Rep. Graves Presented With Award from American Conservative Union
My conservative principles guide my decision making in Congress, said Rep. Graves. This means voting to empower people, not grow government. It means promoting individual freedom, not fostering government dependence. And it means adhering to the Constitution at all times.
Rep. Tom Graves Votes to Support Troops, Strengthen Georgia Military Installations
House Passes Bill Mandating Congressional Review of Administrations Nuclear Agreement with Iran
Rep. Tom Graves Votes to Save Unborn Lives
Rep. Tom Graves Presented with ACU Award for Conservative Excellence
DALTON, GA OFFICE
702 South Thornton Ave
Dalton, GA 30720
T (706) 226-5320
F (706) 278-0840
ROME, GA OFFICE
600 E. First Street, Suite 301
Rome, GA 30161
T (706) 290-1776
F (706) 232-7864
WASHINGTON, DC OFFICE
2442 Rayburn House Office Bldg.
Washington, D.C. 20515
T (202) 225-5211
F (202) 225-8271
UPDATE SUBSCRIPTION OPTIONS
|
PRIVACY POLICY
|
CONTACT US
Click Here Click Here