DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.0 Transitional//EN" "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml1/DTD/xhtml1-transitional.dtd"
June 12, 2015
Click here
if you have trouble viewing this email
Thoughts on trade
Dear Friend,
Today I voted to protect jobs and agriculture in Upstate New York and strengthen our democracy, rejecting Trade Promotion Authority (TPA) for what is currently a flawed and secretive Trans-Pacific Partnership (TPP). Unfortunately, TPA was narrowly adopted by a vote of 219-211. While I am disappointed with this result, our fight is not over because the House must pass related trade provisions next week in order to advance TPA.
Since arriving in Congress in 2011, I have worked hard to restore balance to the legislative-executive branch relationship. For example, I am the author of the War Powers Reform Act to give the American people a voice in the solemn decision on the use of force.
Particularly since the advent of the Nuclear Age, our country has consolidated powers into the executive branch and presidents of both political parties have taken us off to war without the consent of the governed. That is not what the Founders intended.
Trade Promotion Authority (a/k/a Fast Track) was created in 1974 to facilitate executive branch primacy in international trade negotiations. Under TPA, Congress voluntarily gives up its ability to debate and vote on amendments to proposed trade agreements like the TPP. Congress may only vote Yes or No on the final agreement negotiated solely by the president. And in the Senate, under TPA, the trade agreement may not be filibustered. My responsibility is to provide a voice for the nearly three-quarters of a million people I represent. I am obliged to counter the trend of consolidating power in the executive branch.
Disturbingly, our government has classified the draft Trans-Pacific Partnership, a free trade agreement among 12 nations that would impact 40% of our current trade. The American people were not even allowed to read it before their representatives voted on the Fast Track process. This is plainly wrong. We are a self-governing people, and you should be able to read this proposed agreement before these votes.
Last week, I finally had the opportunity to read the TPP. I am opposed to this agreement as it is written currently. I have many concerns surrounding agriculture, small business, workers, the environment, our personal privacy, and national sovereignty. Specifically, I believe the TPP could do the kind of harm to agriculture that NAFTA did to manufacturing in our country, undermining the ability of our farmers to compete with our global competitors. I am confident that if we got a fair trade agreement that put our farmers, small business owners, and workers on a level playing field with our global competitors, we would do very well. The proposed TPP draft would not achieve that goal.
This trade deal comes at a time when we can least afford to do damage to our rural economy. The average age of the American farmer is 58, and farmers over the age of 65 outnumber farmers under the age of 35 by a margin of six to one. As the majority of our farmers near retirement, we will need at least 100,000 new farmers to take their place. That is why I have introduced the Young Farmer Success Act.
This bipartisan bill
helps new farmers manage their student loan debt by adding them to the Public Service Loan Forgiveness program. The National Young Farmers Coalition, a network of 60,000 farmers, ranchers, and consumers led by Clermont farmer Lindsey Lusher Shute, has found that student loan debt keeps nearly a third of our young farmers from pursuing a career in agriculture because they would be unable to make enough money to cover their student loan payments.
Much like teachers, doctors, nurses, and government employees who are already eligible for the Public Service Loan Forgiveness program, farmers are public servants. Our farmers not only produce our food and fiber, they protect the landscape and generate substantial economic activity. A self-reliant nation requires a vibrant agricultural sector, but student loan debt creates a significant barrier to getting started in farming. Our bill empowers young people to attend college and embrace this crucial vocation.
Under the Young Farmer Success Act, a farmer would see the balance of his or her student loans forgiven after making 10 years of income-based student loan payments, freeing capital for farmers to acquire land and equipment. The bill requires a qualified farm to earn a minimum of $35,000 in revenue for a farmer to be eligible, preventing those who do not farm for a living from taking advantage of the program.
I deeply appreciate the guidance and advocacy of Lindsey and the National Young Farmers Coalition, and I look forward to continuing our partnership to bring more people into agriculture and protect a way of life that sustains our nation.
Please
contact me
to share your views on these important issues. As always, I encourage you to visit with me during my travels. This weekend, Ill be at the annual Juneteenth celebration at the New Progressive Baptist Church in Kingston, and Ill be marching in the Flag Day parades in Hudson, Troy, Stamford, and Unadilla. These are extraordinary celebrations of freedom and community life. Please join me!
Sincerely,
Chris Gibson
Member of Congress
IN THE NEWS
WTEN:
House committee approves Lyme legislation to be added to federal program
Daily Star:
Rep. vows to fight NYSEG rate hike
Poughkeepsie Journal:
Student loan forgiveness proposed for novice farmers
Post Star:
Editorial:
All afflicted veterans deserve assistance
Capital Tonight:
Rep. Gibson Voted Most Bipartisan House Member
Mid-Hudson News:
Kingston Post Office to be named after war hero
TWC News:
Soldiers Remembered for Service, Sacrifice by Kingston Community
WRGB:
Dozens graduate from Hudson DARE program
ON THE HILL
How can we help you?
CONNECT
RSS Feeds
Facebook
Youtube
Twitter
Click Here Click Here