DOCTYPE html
June 7, 2015
Congressman McHenry Weekly Update
More Bad Obamacare News
This week began with more bad news on Obamacare as Blue Cross and Blue Shield of North Carolina
announced premium hikes
of nearly 26% for plans under the Affordable Care Act. Monday's news is further proof that the Affordable Care Act has been anything but affordable for the majority of Western North Carolina families. The healthcare law has caused numerous North Carolinians to lose the plans they liked, access to their doctors, and now they face these growing costs for Obamacare-compliant healthcare plans. It is time we dump this broken law and start over with a plan that brings down costs, improves care, and puts these important decisions back in the hands of consumers. My full statement on Monday's announcement can be seen below.
Questioning Ex-Im Chair Hochberg
At the end of this month, the Export-Import Bank's authorization expires. As Congress examines multiple proposals ranging from a reauthorization to letting the bank close, the House Financial Services Committee heard testimony from Ex-Im Chairman Fred Hochberg. With numerous questions about the bank's utility, wasteful loans, and claims of fraud and bribery among Ex-Im officials, I questioned Chair Hochberg on what the Bank is doing to improve the public's perception of and trust in the Bank. Full video of my line of questions can be viewed by clicking the image below.
Full video of Wednesday's hearing can be found on
the Financial Services Committee's website .
Proud to Support
On the House floor this week, we considered an appropriations bill funding commerce, justice, and science programs. Included in the final passage of this bill was
an amendment
from my good friend Congressman Richard Hudson which blocks the ATF from banning any types of ammunition used for rifle use. This amendment was based off my bill
H.R. 1365, the Ammunition and Firearms Protection Act . I introduced this legislation after the ATF attempted to ban legal ammunition in February of this year. I assisted Congressman Hudson as he drafted this bill and was pleased to see it included in the bill at passage. The CJS appropriations bill includes increases of funding for law enforcement, cyber security, and strongly defends our Second Amendment rights with inclusion of this amendment. You can learn more about this bill by clicking the image below and read about the included Second Amendment protections
here .
What I Have Been Reading
The South's Top 50 Barbecue Joints
Southern Living Magazine
North Carolina is well known for barbecue and this year's list of the top 50 barbecue joints in the south is a testament to that. Nine restaurants in NC made the list including two from the 10th District, Asheville's 12 Bones Smokehouse and Shelby's Red Bridges Barbecue Lodge. Congratulations to both on making the list!
Obama Consumer Official Leaves Amid Charges He Helped Create 'Toxic Workplace'
The Daily Caller
While serving as Chairman of the Financial Services Committee's Oversight and Investigations Subcommittee last Congress, I spent considerable time investigating claims of discrimination against women and minorities by leaders at the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau (CFPB). This discrimination was revealed by whistleblowers who
testified
about rampant discrimination. This week brought news that one of those responsible for the discrimination, has left the CFPB. While his departure is long overdue, it is a promising first step for agency employees.
Tired of Waiting for U.S. to Act, States Pass Crowdfunding Laws and Rules
The New York Times
One of my main focuses of the 114th Congress continues to be improving the federal crowdfunding statute I helped author in 2012. While progress on the federal level remains slow, it is great to read news stories like this one highlighting states that have taken the lead on growing crowdfunding. Crowdfunding continues to be a tremendous resource for helping small businesses grow and its growth is positive news.
WASHINGTON, D.C. OFFICE
2334 Rayburn HOB
Washington, D.C. 20515
Telephone: 202.225.2576
Fax: 202.225.0316
HICKORY DISTRICT OFFICE
87 4th St. NW, Ste A, PO Box 1830
Hickory, NC 28603
Telephone: 828.327.6100
Toll-Free in NC: 800.477.2576
Fax: 828.327.8311
GASTONIA DISTRICT OFFICE
Suite 115
Gaston Co. Administrative Bldg
128 West Main Avenue
Gastonia, NC 28053
Telephone: 704.833.0096
BLACK MTN. DISTRICT OFFICE
160 Midland Avenue
Black Mountain, NC 28711
Telephone: 828.669.0600
Click Here Click Here