
[if (gte mso 9)]>
<![endif]
Rep. Bob Goodlatte
As we celebrate Memorial Day this weekend, I encourage you to remember
those who have served and thank those who continue to stand guard over our nation today. May God bless our troops and may He continue to bless the
United States of America.
Remembering the sacrifice,
honoring the service
The land of the free and home of the brave &ndash; while the words of our National Anthem
were penned over 200 years ago, this time-honored phrase rightly describes this great nation we call home today. America&rsquo;s history has been
cemented by the brave men and women who have fought tirelessly to defend it from threats both at home and on battlefields in distant lands.
Memorial Day is a time to remember the sacrifices of the men and women of our Armed
Forces. Many have made the ultimate sacrifice by giving their life in defense of our freedoms as Americans. They are the sons, daughters, mothers,
fathers, and friends who we will never forget. While nothing we do can repay the cost these men and women have paid or take away the grief their
families and loved ones have experienced, it is our duty to honor their service by ensuring that America remains true to the principles upon which it
was founded.
Members of the Old
Guard participate in the &quot;Flags-In Ceremony&quot; this week at Arlington National Cemetery.
Photo from U.S. Army.
Recently, the House of Representatives passed the
National Defense Authorization Act , which provides the necessary resources for a strong
national defense to make certain the U.S. military is ready and capable to defend our liberties. This bipartisan legislation improves troop and
military family benefits while also taking steps to reduce waste and ensure that our defense programs are operating efficiently. The House also passed
several bills to provide additional support for veterans. The
Veteran&rsquo;s I.D. Card Act
would create a new I.D. card for veterans to
document their service instead of carrying around official service records, which contain sensitive personal information and may put them at risk of
identity theft. Another bill, the
Ensuring VA Accountability Act , would hold VA employees responsible for their conduct. The House also
reauthorized the Homeless Veteran Re-Integration Program, which would make grants available for job training programs to community organizations that
serve homeless veterans.
To say you are an American is much more than a
confession of your nationality or culture. It shouldn&rsquo;t just explain your country of citizenship or where your roots are planted.
To say you
are an American should carry the same weight that it did for our Founding Fathers. We will fight for freedom, we will preserve liberty, and we will
remain united together, despite the odds, to pursue that dream. No one knows this better than the many men and women who have met that calling with
their lives &ndash; they are our best, our bravest, and on this Memorial Day, we remember them.
VIDEO: Goodlatte Urges the Senate to Pass the
USA Freedom
Act
- I joined CNN's
New Day
on the
USA Freedom Act , which passed the House 338-88, and why the Senate should pass it immediately.
Watch
it here.
Roanoke Student's Artwork Headed to the U.S. Capitol
Congratulations to Kayla Prillaman, a senior at William Fleming High School in Roanoke. This week, I announced
that Kayla is the
winner of the Sixth District's Congressional
Art Competition
for her photograph,
Autumn Trails . We are blessed to be surrounded by so much natural beauty in the Sixth District,
and
Autumn Trails
truly captures the beauty of the landscape that draws many to our region each year. Kayla&rsquo;s eye for photography
shines clearly in this photo.
I am pleased that her piece will be on display in the U.S. Capitol to allow others the
opportunity to experience what we have right in our backyard. The talent of our students in the Sixth District is always impressive, and I applaud the
efforts of each student who submitted artwork this year.
Weekend Read
-- There is a growing consensus across the political spectrum that our
criminal-justice system is in need of reform. This piece in
National Review
highlights efforts undertaken by the House Judiciary Committee on
the issue of
overcriminalization .
Click here to
read
Too Many Laws Means Too Many Criminals .
# # #
www.Goodlatte.House.Gov
This message was
generated from an unattended mailbox.
Should you have further questions, please visit the &quot; Contact Bob &quot;
section of my website or call my office at (202) 225-5431.
This message was intended for:
dj724530@gmail.com
You were added to the system November 2, 2013.
For more information
click here .
Update your preferences
Unsubscribe
|
Unsubscribe via email
