 Mail
begin
If you are having trouble viewing this message or
would like to share it on a social network, you can
view the message online .
June 18, 2015
Unsubscribe
Update My Profile
Website
|
About Doug
|
Constituent
Services
|
Issues &amp; Legislation
|
News
|
Contact Doug
Congressman Lamborn
and Allies Fight to Stop Israeli Academic
Boycotts
6/18/15
Congressman Lamborn continues to lead Congress in the fight
against the Boycott, Divestment, and Sanctions Movement
(BDS).
This week, Congressman Doug Lamborn and a
bipartisan group of lawmakers introduced H.Res. 318, designed to condemn
the efforts that support a boycott of Israeli scholars and academic
institutions by other scholarly associations and academic institutions.
The Congressman has also introduced H.R. 1572 designed to target BDS
and prevent taxpayer money from supporting
it.
Please click
HERE
to read H.Res.
318
Academic-boycott is an oxymoron. The
attempt to limit the free exchange of ideas prohibits the real aim of
academia - the pursuit of truth. It is an affront to the fundamental
American education principal of Academic freedom. While cynically
purporting to advance freedom and human rights the academic boycott campaign
singles out Israel. This at a time when Israel is the only true
democracy in the Middle East; where people of all religions and ethnicities
enjoy their freedom and can practice their beliefs.
The value of
American cooperation with Israels academia is indispensable. This
cooperation plainly saves lives of American civilians every day through
medical innovation, and helps us better protect our great country. We
should all stand with Israel for the better future of America and
freedom.
- Congressman Doug
Lamborn (CO-05)
The BDS
movement on college campuses has unfairly singled out Israel, our
closest friend and ally in the extremely volatile Middle East. Academic
boycotts eliminate the possibility of open exchanges of ideas, and it is
time for Congress to take notice and make a statement in support of
academic freedom. American institutions must be able to engage in
academic exchange with Israeli institutions, and I am grateful for the
support of my colleagues who are committed to helping this important
resolution move forward.
All those involved in the higher education system profit from the
exchange of varying views and ideas. University leaders have recently
observed a decline in joint scientific research with global companies over
concern that their combined results would be boycotted. This example is
one of many that illustrate the repercussions of the BDS campaign. To
stifle respectful debate on college campuses is a threat to academia.
This lack of acceptance is a tragedy, and students and teachers, no
matter their origin, should be allowed learn and teach
freely.
- Congressman Carlos Curbelo
(FL-26)
Universities and
their students and scholars benefit from the free and open exchange of
diverse perspectives and opinions. Unfortunately, the BDS movement on
college campuses threatens to stifle debate and dialogue that should be
built upon respect for otherseven in disagreement. We should not be
pushing legitimate voices and views off of our campuses or shutting out
foreign students and professors.
- Congresswoman Suzanne Bonamici
(OR-01)
Its time we take a stand and
say we will not sit quietly and condone our higher education
system boycotting our trusted friend and ally, Israel. This is
an important, overdue statement toward addressing this
issue.
- Congressman Brendan Boyle
(PA-13)
I am proud to
join my colleagues on this resolution condemning these policies that hurt
our interests, the interests of Israel, and that are contrary to
principles of academic freedom. We have no greater ally in the Middle East
than Israel and we should be promoting interaction between our two
nations
not boycotting it.
- Congresswoman Elsie Stefanik
(NY-21)
Misguided initiatives to boycott Israeli institutions
of higher learning represent a contradiction of the principle of
academic freedom and should be thoroughly condemned. These movements
unfairly single out Israel, ignoring its rich tradition of the rigorous and
free exchange of ideas.
Congressman Brian Higgins
(NY-26)
Contact Info
WASHINGTON
OFFICE
2402 Rayburn HOB
Washington, DC 20515
Phone: (202) 225-4422
Fax: (202) 226-2638
DISTRICT OFFICE
1125 Kelly
Johnson Blvd., Suite 330
Colorado Springs, CO 80920
Phone:
(719) 520-0055
Fax: (719) 520-0840
DISTRICT OFFICE
415 Main Street
Buena Vista, CO 81211
Phone: (719)
520-0055
Fax: (719) 520-0840
Update My
Profile
-
Unsubscribe
-
Privacy Policy
gateway mail end
