
If you
are having trouble viewing this message or would like to share it on a
social network, you can
view the message online .
HOME
ABOUT
CONTACT
ME
SERVING YOU
MEDIA CENTER
ISSUES &amp;
LEGISLATION
OUR DISTRICT
June 19, 2015
Dear
Friend,
One of the first bills I worked to introduce when I came to
Congress was one to improve federal management of property. Our current
property management tactics have led to federally-owned buildings
standing empty year after year, or being entirely mismanaged, costing
taxpayers in maintenance and overhead. My idea was to reform the federal
property disposal process by creating a non-partisan professional board
to root out waste and inefficiencies. This is a simple fix that would
benefit millions of Americans and help us govern more
efficiently.
The Office of Management and Budget (OMB) estimates that
the board could generate
$15 billion
in revenue from
property sales, in addition to the billions more generated from future
cost avoidance from simply owning less property.
When I
served as Chairman of the Economic Development subcommittee my first
term in Congress, the Government Services Administration (GSA) was able
to identify two large properties which were vacant, in decay and
costing taxpayers millions of dollars a year to sit idle and un-used. The
GSA then sold one property and leased another to private entities that
are bringing new business and economic activities to the locations.
This is a model for the kind of changes that could be brought through
reforming the way this country manages its federal property
footprint.
I testified at a hearing this week on my legislation, and
after years of work to move this forward, I am pleased to have secured
the commitment of this Administration to work with me on this
important priority.
Watch the video of my
full testimony .
This week
is National Pollinator Week. This week is a good time to remember the
huge role our pollinators, such as bees, bats, butterflies and other
species, play in the success of our ag economy and our communities. As a
farmer and as co-chair of the Congressional Pollinator Protection
Caucus, I partnered with the Pollinator Partnership and the American
Society of Landscape Architects to host a briefing for the public on ways
we can stop the devastating losses in our pollinator species. Last
week
I introduced a bill
to assist pollinators by
allowing highway and freeway medians to bloom and flower naturally
a
simple solution to provide much-needed aid to the species we depend on
to help produce our food. This is an issue that has a huge impact on
our state and the nation, and I will be working along with the
Pollinator Caucus moving forward to find solutions that help all of our
pollinators.
We held a
very well attended briefing Thursday
morning.
I got to
visit with the Alhem family in town from Turlock this
week.
On Wednesday I had the honor of
meeting a group of Korean and World War II vets taking place in an Honor
Flight trip from the Valley to D.C. I met the group at the WWII
memorial.
Great to meet Frederick Schrader, who was visiting
from Modesto.
Yesterday
the House voted on Trade Promotion Authority, which provides a process
for considering trade agreements. As I mentioned in last weeks
newsletter, Ive appreciated all of your phone calls, emails and messages on
this topic. After closely reviewing the bill and the trade agreement
itself (the TPP) and meeting with United States Trade Representative
Michael Froman to discuss, I voted in favor of Trade Promotional
Authority (TPA) to ensure Congress will have a voice in any pending trade
agreement, including the TPP. Under TPA, Congress has the final say on
any agreement that develops and the agreement would have to be
available to the public for 60 days prior to being voted on by the Congress.
Only with congressional approval could a trade agreement become law.
Congress also has the ability to revoke TPA from the President if they
feel congressional directives arent being
followed.
Lastly, the winner of the Flag Day Facebook competition was Nancy Brunold
from Ripon. Congrats, Nancy!
This is Nancy's
husband teaching her grandson Luke how to show respect for the stars
and stripes.
Wishing you a
wonderful weekend.
Please be sure to connect with me
on
Facebook ,
Twitter ,
YouTube
or
Instagram .
JEFF DENHAM
Do you
support or oppose giving the President Trade Promotion
Authority? Support Oppose Do you want more information about the
Trans Pacific Partnership? Yes No *By answering this survey, you are subscribing to my
newsletter. If you are having trouble, click here.
E-mail Updates
Yes, please periodically send me e-mail updates.*
*By subscribing to my
e-mail updates,
you are authorizing me to send regular e-mail updates from my office
to your e-mail account.
DC office:
1730 Longworth
HOB
Washington, DC
20515
P: 202-225-4540
F:
202-225-3402
Modesto
Office:
4701 Sisk Road, Suite 202
Modesto, CA 95356
P:
209-579-5458
F: 209-579-5028
Unsubscribe
|
Update My
Profile
|
Privacy Policy
gateway mail
end 