DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.0 Transitional//EN" "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml1/DTD/xhtml1-transitional.dtd"
If you are having trouble reading this email,
please view the web version .
Girls Count
On Monday, the House passed the Girls Count Act. I am an original co-sponsor of this legislation. If it becomes law, it would authorize the State Department to work with other countries and international organizations to issue birth certificates and national registries for children in developing countries. Lack of documentation disproportionately affects women in developing countries, and may keep them from participating fully in society. If they remain undocumented, they remain vulnerable, for example, to human traffickers, who can count on getting away with their crimes without a paper trail. I co-sponsored this legislation in the last Congress, and I continue to support it. As Co-Chair of the Tom Lantos Human Rights Commission, I will continue to address the issues of human trafficking and the exploitation of women.
Lancasters Scott Martin Testifies before Energy Subcommittee
On Tuesday, the Energy and Commerce Committees Energy and Power Subcommittee, on which I serve, brought in Lancaster County Commissioner Scott Martin to talk about the state of American energy. Commissioner Martins testimony was very helpful in making clear the impact of our federal energy policies on local communities like Lancaster.
Commissioner Martin told us about the positive impact of Pennsylvanias Marcellus Shale energy boom on Lancasters economy. I appreciated his coming down to speak with us, and I know that a number of my colleagues did as well. Im proud that the perspective of Lancaster is being heard by Members of Congress from all over the country. If you would like to watch his testimony, you can do so at my Youtube page.
Running on Empty
Horse racing has been said to be the sport of kings. And yet, as with any sport, there are cheaters who can spoil it for everyone.
It is not only cruel to the animal, but often to the jockey, many of whom are injured when sick or injured horses collapse. Some have even died, including the apprentice jockey Juan Saez, who had once been considered a future racing superstar. He was killed in a race at the Indiana Grand in Shelbyville, Indiana, at just 17 years of age.
Thats why I introduced legislation this week to fix this industry
Read more in
this weeks OP-ED .
Religious Liberty Resolution
This week I joined with Representative Sheila Jackson Lee to introduce a resolution calling for an end to blasphemy laws. In countries like Iran and Saudi Arabia, religious minorities can be oppressed, coerced, and even attacked under the pretext of having committed blasphemy. One of the more notable cases was that of Asia Bibi, a Christian woman in Pakistan who has been imprisoned for witnessing to her Christian faith in conversation with her friends.
Religious liberty is a human right. All people desire to know the truth, and then to live by it. But they cant seek the truth if they are being coerced or threatened by big government. In order for people to flourish, they must be free. Our resolution tells those countries that they ought to uphold the inalienable right to religious freedom.
Facebook
Podcast
Tell Joe Your Opinion
Issues
The 16th District
Ask Joe For Help
The Government
Legislation
Press
About Joe Pitts
Photo Gallery
Please feel free to
forward this email to your friends and family .
Recent Videos
Obamacare's Menu Labeling Requirements
Rep. Pitts gives an opening statement about Obamacare's menu labeling requirements.
Rep. Pitts Questions on Menu Labeling
Rep. Pitts questions a panel of experts about the effects of Obamacare's menu labeling requirements.
Washington, D.C. Office
420 Cannon House Office Building
Washington, DC 20515
(1st Street and Independence Avenue)
202-225-2411
202-225-2013 (fax)
Chester County Office
Post Office Box 837
Unionville, PA 19375
(Routes 82 and 926)
610-444-4581
610-444-5750 (fax)
Lancaster Office
150 North Queen Street
Suite 716 (7th floor)
Lancaster, PA 17603
717-393-0667
717-393-0924 (fax)
Click Here Click Here