DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.0 Transitional//EN" "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml1/DTD/xhtml1-transitional.dtd"
District Update | May 19, 2015
Click here
if you have trouble viewing this email
Dear Friends,
O ver half of the members of the majority party in Washington have been in Congress under five years. While we may have the least seniority, I think you are beginning to see our influence in the day-to-day activities of the Congress.
Washington is finally getting things done, and more importantly, we are accomplishing this with a bipartisan, commonsense approach.
The newly found bipartisan effectiveness of the 114th Congress was on display again this week, as the U.S. House of Representatives passed the
National Defense Authorization Act (NDAA) , by a vote of by a vote of 269-151. This years NDAA will improve missile defense capabilities, cyber defenses, pay and benefits for troops and their families, provides the critical funding needed to defeat our enemies, and boosts our crucial national security interests.
Also passed in this years NDAA was an amendment that I offered that would require the U.S. Air Force (USAF) to conduct a business case analysis of its decision to maintain 10 C-130J aircraft at Keesler Air Force Base in Mississippi rather than transfer them to Little Rock.
The Little Rock Air Force Base (LRAFB) is one of the most technologically advanced and best run military installations in the entire country and, in my view, is clearly a center of excellence for our global airlift. Prior to their decision to maintain the aircraft at Keesler, Air Force officials highlighted the importance of LRAFB and the cost savings and efficiencies that would be realized by relocating the ten C-130J aircraft to Little Rock.
Our military is facing severe budget limitations, and Congress must ensure that we are effectively utilizing hardworking taxpayer dollars for our national defense priorities. In conducting this business case analysis, the Department of Defense will be assuring the American people that it is committed to its national defense goals of having the most efficient and effective military in the world.
Keeping with the theme of national security and defense, the House also passed
H.R. 2048, the Uniting and Strengthening America by Fulfilling Rights and Ensuring Effective Discipline Over Monitoring (USA FREEDOM) Act of 2015 , by a bipartisan
vote of 338-88.
H.R 2048 ensures the effective tracking of terrorists while ending bulk data collection by our intelligence agencies. It also increases transparency of the Foreign Intelligence Surveillance Court to create a healthy balance between our critical national security interests and an essential confidence in individual privacy rights.
The safety and well-being of the American people are paramount, but so are the constitutional rights of private citizens. H.R. 2048 would provide an appropriate balance between safety and civil liberties.
Also this week, Congress took a huge step towards making sure the Iranian nuclear deal isn't a unilateral decree made by a President with a reputation for ignoring our system of checks and balances. By passing H.R. 1191,
Iran Nuclear Agreement Review Act of 2015 , Congress has set itself up to have the authority it needs to review a nuclear agreement with Iran.
As I have said before, Iran is not our friend, and as such, we must be mindful of unanswered questions related to snap-back sanctions, international inspections, the status of Americans held prisoner in Iran, and the potential multi-billion dollar windfall for a historically dishonest regime with a long record of state-sponsored terrorism. As this process moves forward, I wont support any deal that isnt in the best interest of America and our strategic allies throughout the world.
Let me know what you think of this Congress's commitment to national security by commenting on
Facebook .
Sincerely,
Representative French Hill
Broker-turned-congressman French Hill brings adviser skills to Capitol Hill
ByMark Schoeff Jr. of Investment News
On a typical day in Washington, Rep. French Hill, R-Ark., is pulled in several different directions.
A former broker, the
freshman legislator
has to juggle votes on the House floor, hearings, and meetings with constituents, colleagues, regulators and other officials.
It takes planning, just like it does when you're trying to decide how to develop your call program when you're a financial adviser, Mr. Hill, 58, said in an interview in a hallway just off the House floor. My financial adviser skills were good training.
To read the rest, click
here .
Bill asks reason for out-of-state C-130s
By Sarah Wire of the Arkansas Democrat-Gazette
The U.S. Air Force must explain why it decided to leave 10 C-130J aircraft in Mississippi instead of moving them to Little Rock Air Force Base, under an amendment added to the National Defense Authorization Act before it passed Friday.
The four members of Arkansas' House delegation, all Republicans, voted in favor of the bill, which passed 269 to 151. The act, which authorizes $612 billion in government funding for Department of Defense programs, next goes to the Senate for consideration.
U.S. Rep. French Hill of Little Rock added the C-130J study to the military spending authorization. It requires the Air Force to examine whether the service can save money by moving the aircraft to Little Rock Air Force Base, and the short- and long-term costs of keeping the planes where they are.
To read the rest, click
here .
Washington, DC Office
1229 Longworth House Office Building
Washington, DC 20515
Phone: (202) 225-2506
Fax: (202) 225-5903
Conway Office
1105 Deer Street, Suite 12
Conway, AR 72032
Phone: (501) 358-3481
Fax: (501) 358-3494
Little Rock Office
1501 N. University Ave., Suite 150
Little Rock, AR 72207
Phone: (501) 324-5941
Fax: (501) 324-6029
UPDATE SUBSCRIPTION OPTIONS
|
PRIVACY POLICY
|
CONTACT US
Click Here Click Here