
Can't see the pictures? Select "Always display images" or
view this message in your browser .
Improving Wildfire Prevention and
Suppression
Colorado has seen all too often the dangers of wildfires and the damage they leave behind. I'm glad Secretary Jewell and Secretary Vilsack came to Colorado to raise awareness about the need for reforms to the way Congress funds wildfire suppression and mitigation. I've cosponsored the bipartisan
Wildfire Disaster Funding Act
the last two Congresses to provide additional resources for wildfire suppression efforts and treat additional funding needs like any other type of disaster. I look forward to working with my colleagues to enact this needed legislation.
Despite all the rain, wildfire season is approaching. May and June&rsquo;s heavy precipitation significantly lowered wildfire potential for this month, but we are still at risk for wildfires in the Rocky Mountain region throughout the remainder of the summer. The Department of Interior issued
this outlook
for the rest of summer, advising caution for July and August.
Service Academy
Nomination Applications
Due October 1, 2015
Students interested in receiving a nomination for appointment to a service academy are encouraged to submit their applications. Nominations are made prior to January 31, 2016.
For information on eligibility requirements, the application procedure or selection process, please visit
my website
or call my office at (303) 274-7944.
Click here
for Ready.gov&rsquo;s advice on how to prepare your home and create a plan in case of a wildfire.
Colorado-Built Orion Spacecraft is the Future of Manned Space Exploration
This month, I addressed the House in support of
NASA&rsquo;s Orion Project . The Orion Spacecraft is a Colorado-built Multi-Purpose Crew Vehicle that will take astronauts to Mars and beyond.
Last December, Orion had its first test launch spurring the next big step in space exploration.
I hope Congress continues to support this program. I&rsquo;m proud of the things our space program has accomplished, but I believe our greatest achievements still lie ahead.
Click here to watch the video.
Listening to Business Leaders at the Metro North Chamber
The Metro North Chamber of Commerce and I held a roundtable discussion with local businesses to hear about the challenges and opportunities of doing business in the 7th Congressional District.
We talked about renewing the Highway Trust Fund, EPA regulations and the need to rebuild our crumbling infrastructure. Business leaders were also interested to hear about my efforts on supporting federal labs, providing banking services to marijuana businesses and the Marketplace Fairness Act.
It&rsquo;s incredibly helpful to hear firsthand from businesses in the district about what they&rsquo;re experiencing in their day-to-day operations. Small businesses are the lifeline of our economy both in Colorado and across the country and we must make sure we are doing everything we can to support them. Today, more than half of Americans either own or work for a small business making these companies the foundation of America&rsquo;s economy.
If you run a small business in Colorado, I want to hear from you!
Share your story, and let me know how I can best represent you .
Constituent Success Story:
Sheryl Fuscsick
"I try to stay up to date with the world and local events. I read Congressman Perlmutter's newsletters, attend Government in the Grocery and listen to telephone town halls. When I had difficulties settling my taxes with the IRS, I turned to Congressman Perlmutter's office. They help citizens with many diverse issues and I was happy with how the staff helped me. I would recommend that you go online, call, or visit his office with your concerns. I was very grateful for a positive resolution."
My office is here to help the hardworking people of the 7th Congressional District. We want to help you cut through red tape when dealing with a government agency or with any other issues you are facing. I&rsquo;m proud my office was able to help Sheryl, and I look forward to helping you in the future. If you are having an issue with a federal agency, please call my office at 303-274-7944. My staff and I will always do our best to help.
Connect With Me
Facebook
Twitter
YouTube
Unsubscribe
Washington DC Office
1410 Longworth House Office
Building
Washington, DC 20515
Phone: 202.225.2645
Fax: 202.225.5278
District Office
12600 West Colfax Avenue, Suite
B-400
Lakewood, CO 80215
Phone: 303.274.7944
Fax: 303.274.6455
Please do not reply to this email.
To contact me, please
click here
and let me know your thoughts on how I can better represent your beliefs and values in our nation's Capitol.
