DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.0 Transitional//EN" "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml1/DTD/xhtml1-transitional.dtd"
Share on:
News Brief
Message from Dave
Dear Friends,
Since we talked last, from Issaquah to Wenatchee to DC, I have been taking meetings, hearing from constituents, and joining my colleagues in passing critical legislation.
Earlier this month, we announced the winners of the
8 th
District Congressional Art Competition at our annual reception
the amount of talent exhibited was amazing, just like every year. I was also privileged to visit Mission Ridge Elementary School, Whitworth University, and Seattle University where I met bright, eager students at both the end and the beginning of their schooling. While I have the opportunity to talk with them about my experiences and about perseverance and leadership, learning from them is just as important.
I also met with small business owners and business leaders around the District as well as a larger group of them when I spoke to the Rotary Club of Ellensburg.
Last week was Police Week. This is the time of year that we remember all the sacrifices the men and women who wear the badge make to keep all of us safe. These are the men and women whose experiences were my own for 33 years, I know what it is to lose a partner and a friend in the line of duty and I know what it is for my family not to know if or when they would see me again.
It was my distinct honor, then, to help secure the passage of the Rafael Ramos and Wenjian Liu National Blue Alert Act of 2015, co-authored with New Jersey Congressman Bill Pascrell and Senators Cardin and Graham, passed through both chambers of Congress (and
it was signed into law earlier this week ). The House also passed my legislation which would make sure that federal public safety officers can access their retirement savings penalty-free at the age of 50
just like state and local officers. And though no words or gestures can ever replace those who are gone but not forgotten, I led a moment of silence on the House floor to remember the 117 officers who gave their lives last year, and the 47 who have died this year, before attending the National Peace Officers Memorial Ceremony on the Capitol Lawn with the President the following day.
This week I, with Congressman Rick Larsen, introduced bipartisan legislation to help Washingtons small businesses
overcome exporting hurdles
so that they can successfully gain access to new markets and create jobs here at home as well as
a piece of legislation to ensure states are properly enforcing unemployment benefits law
that prevents incarcerated individuals from receiving money that should be rightfully going to families fallen on hard times.
As we enjoy the upcoming long weekend, we must all remember the servicemen and women who gave their lives defending us and our freedom this Memorial Day. Without them, our nation would not the be what it is today.
Sincerely,
Dave
From the
NEWSROOM
Rep. Reichert with Dawna Evans, a foster youth from Washington State who participated in this year's Foster Youth Shadow Day on Capitol Hill.
Rep. Reichert attends this year's Peace Officers Memorial Ceremony on the West Lawn of the Capitol.
Rep. Reichert presented Tinuola Dada with the Congressional Silver Medal
Other News:
-
Reichert Statement on Foster Youth Shadow Day 2015
-
Reichert Statement on Peace Officers Memorial Day
-
Reichert and Pascrell Introduce Bill to Reauthorize COPS Funding
-
Reichert Bill to Protect Public Safety Officers' Retirement Passes House
-
Reichert Applauds Passage of Blue Alert: "We have an obligation"
-
Reichert: "Taking Care of Those Who Sacrifice"
Website
|
Privacy
|
Contact
|
Multimedia
|
Newsroom
|
Click Here Click Here