
Website
|
About
|
Contact Me
|
Serving You
|
Media Center
|
Legislative Work
|
Our District
|
Resources
May 17, 2015
The Scalise Capitol Report
Standing for the Unborn
The House has passed a historic bill to prohibit abortions after five months of pregnancy, which is the time when scientific evidence confirms that the baby can feel pain. The Pain Capable Unborn Child Protection Act (H.R. 36) would save at least 18,000 innocent lives a year.
Sharing the importance of H.R. 36 at a press conference in D.C.
Coinciding with the two-year anniversary of the Gosnell murder convictions, the Republican House reaffirmed our vow to prevent the repeat of the barbaric and grisly acts that occurred in Gosnells house of horrors. The Founders correctly named
life as the first right . This must be our first priority as Americans and human beings to protect and defend. As a representative of the
most pro-life state in the nation , I know Louisiana joins me in celebrating this victory for the unborn.
Click on the photo above to watch me on the House floor defend the lives of the unborn
Fighting to Bring Home Jobs of Disabled Louisiana Workers
I continue to fight to bring home jobs that were formerly held by disabled workers before being outsourced to foreign countries. Last week the House passed my amendment to the National Defense Authorization Act to protect products made by AbilityOne agencies from this questionable policy change. AbilityOne agencies, like Lighthouse Louisiana in New Orleans, employ blind and disabled workers across America, but were forced to lay off employees due to this misguided policy. Lighthouse Louisiana, the most severely impacted facility in the nation, lost over $23 million in contracts that were then sent to foreign countries.
Click on the photo above to learn more about protecting jobs of disabled Louisiana workers
My amendment would effectively reverse the DoDs policy and help restore the jobs that have been lost and prevent more lost jobs in the future. The passage of my amendment sends
a clear message
that diplomacy and economic development in strategic foreign countries should not come at the expense of jobs for disabled Americans here at home. We need to bring these jobs back home so people with disabilities can improve their economic well-being and have an equal opportunity to achieve the American Dream. I will continue fighting to reverse this misguided policy until it is successfully signed into law.
Protecting Our Second Amendment Rights
I have joined my friend and colleague Congressman Alex Mooney of West Virginia to introduce a bill that removes burdens on law-abiding gun owners. The Firearms Interstate Commerce Reform Act would improve the legal firearm purchase process for active-duty military and law-abiding U.S. citizens. As a staunch supporter and defender of the Second Amendment, I am committed to eliminating the red tape burdening our nations gun owners who legally purchase firearms. For decades now, our gun laws have made it harder and more costly to legally purchase guns in other states and then safely bring them home. Im proud to introduce
HR 2246
in order to remove these burdensome and unnecessary restrictions so we can bring America's firearm laws into the 21st Century.
It is an honor to represent you in Congress. For more information please visit my
website ,
Twitter ,
Instagram , and
Facebook
pages.
God Bless,
Steve Scalise
House Majority Whip
WEBSITE
|
UNSUBSCRIBE
|
CONTACT
Washington DC Office
2338 Rayburn HOB
Washington, DC 20515
Phone: (202) 225-3015
Houma Office
8026 Main Street
Suite 700
Houma, LA 70360
Phone: (985) 879-2300
Metairie Office
110 Veterans Boulevard
Suite 500
Metairie, LA 70005
Phone: (504) 837-1259
Mandeville Office
21454 Koop Drive
Suite 1E
Mandeville, LA 70471
Phone: (985) 893-9064
Hammond Office
1514 Martens Drive
Suite 10
Hammond, LA 70401
Phone: (985) 340-2185
Click Here Click Here