
If you are having trouble viewing
this message or would like to share it on a social network, you can
view the message
online .
Home
Contact Me
About
Services
News
Issues
May 31, 2015
Dear
David,
Two different bills I've worked on reached
significant milestones over the past two weeks. First, legislation I
authored, the
Don't Tax Our Fallen Public Safety Heroes Act ,
was signed into law by the President. The bill ensures that death
benefits paid to the families of public safety officers killed in the line
of duty can't be taxed by the IRS. Some of these families have been
forced to jump through numerous hoops in order to receive the full
benefits promised to them.
In addtion, anti-trafficking
legislation I've worked on has also been signed into law by the President this
weekend after it was approved by the House. My legislation that
expands "Safe Harbor" laws was included in the final law. Safe Harbor laws
ensure that trafficked chilrden will be treated as victims and not
criminals. By encouraging young victims to come forward and access
critical services, we can more effectively combat this crime. The new law
also goes after websites that profit from the trafficking of minors,
establishes a victims fund, and increases punishments on traffickers and
johns. Watch me speak
on the floor in favor of
the legislation .
On Tuesday I also spoke at a ceremony
in Brooklyn Center where 453 men and women took the Oath of
Naturalization to become U.S. citizens. It was wonderful to see their pride and
emotion as they waved their American flags as they became citizens
after working through the process.
If I can be of help to you
or your family, dont hesitate to give my office a call. Join the
conversation online by visiting my
website ,
Facebook page ,
Twitter , and don't
forget to watch my weekly video,
Erik's
Correspondence Corner .
Erik Paulsen
Member of Congress
Remembering our Fallen
Heroes
The United States would not be the country it is today
without the brave men and women who have fought to defend our freedoms.
Memorial Day is a time for us to reflect and remember the courage and
sacrifice of our soliders that lost their lives in service to our
country. I spent the day at a dedication for a new veterans memorial
honoring the 32 soldiers from Edina that were killed in the line of duty.
The new memorial will assure that their sacrifice will not be forgotten.
Building the memorial took a lot of hard work from the Edina Park
Board's Veteran's Memorial Committee along with support from the
community to see the project through. It was an honor to be a part of the
dedication.
Treat and Reduce
Obesity
Nearly 20% of the increase in U.S. health care spending over the
last two decades has been caused by obesity -- at a cost to Medicare
of more than $50 billion a year. In order to combat rising health care
costs, addressing obesity has to be part of the equation. That's why
I've introduced bipartisan legislation, the
Treat and Reduce
Obesity Act,
to expand treatment options for Medicare beneficiaries
afflicted with this disease. The bill will allow Medicare Part D to cover
drugs that treat and reduce obesity and also allow additional
qualified health care practitioners to provide intensive behavioral therapy
services. We cant fix this problem overnight, but taking bipartisan
action now will help us solve the obesity crisis over the
long-term.
Growing Investment and
Innovation
For a number of businesses, including over 400 medical device
companies here in Minnesota, research and development is their
lifeblood. Many of these companies offer well-paying, high-tech jobs.
Because of this, Congress passed the R&amp;D tax credit back in 1981 to
encourage businesses to expand their investments, increase innovation, and
create jobs. However, businesses often have difficulty with tax
planning because the credit has been extended on a short-term basis 16
different times.
The United States is the only country in the
world that allows important provisions of its tax code to expire. In
order to give job creators more certainty -- and to create more permancy
in the tax code -- the House took action and passed a permanent
extension of the R&amp;D tax credit last week.
I spoke on
the House floor in favor of its passage .
Congressman Paulsen at a signing ceremony for his
anti-trafficking
legislation.
Erik thanked our veterans at a Memorial Day ceremony in
Edina.
Erik with a family of new American citizens at a
naturalization ceremony in Brooklyn
Center.
###
Unsubscribe
|
Update My Profile
|
Privacy
Policy
