
Friend
I want to tell you a story.
Its about a gentleman from Suffolk, Virginia, named LeOtis Williams, and 16,000 turkeys.
Every year, around Thanksgiving, folks come from all around the Hampton Roads area and Northeast North Carolina to line up and receive a turkey from LeOtis Williams. Last year, Mr. Williams gave away a total of 2,000 turkeys and 200 bushels each of collard greens and cabbage to families who could not afford a Thanksgiving dinner. And thats not counting the 1,300 hotdogs and 400 hamburgers cooked onsite, as well as cases and cases of water and juice given away, according to the Suffolk News Herald. This past year, 38 organizations participated and there were many more volunteers. Mr. Williams says that in total, he has handed out about 16,000 turkeys to date, benefiting 64,000 individuals.
If you ask LeOtis how this all started, he will tell you about growing up in Suffolk and how, even as his family sometimes struggled to make ends meet, his mother would unfailingly welcome guests to their dinner table and share generously what they had. That memory inspired Mr. Williams to do the same thing in his community. When asked about his motivation for giving, Mr. William talks about his faith, quoting Colossians 1:16, For everything, absolutely everything, above and below, visible and invisible, everything got started in Him and finds its purpose in Him.
Being a contributor to the community allows me to integrate my personal values of loyalty, dignity, optimism, and compassion as the cornerstone of my interactions with others, says Mr. Williams. You know that you are doing the right thing, when it feels good to your soul.
While we can count turkeys and bushels of collard greens, who can say the countless number of lives that have been touched by LeOtis Williams ministry? Who can say how many people felt loved and cared for, because of one mans decision to meet a need he saw in our community?
Mr. Williams story is just one of many. Countless individuals and organizations throughout our communities and the country are motivated by their faith to help others, advocate for change, and aspire for a world where everyone is treated with dignity and compassion. It is important to tell these stories.
Policies are often generated because of real life stories of how those policies impact the lives and direction of a nation.
However, amidst the policy debates, we sometimes lose sight of the stories. Thats why, as the Founder and Co-Chairman of the Congressional Prayer Caucus, I am joining with Members of Congress across the country to tell these inspiring stories of how people of faith are making a positive impact on their communities. Were calling the initiative Faith it Forward, and hope it will help unite the nation around celebrating the hope and inspiration that comes from helping others.
You can visit
www.facebook.com/faithitforward
to see these stories in one central place, or to join us in sharing your own story (just click on tell your story and fill out the quick form). Faith motivated by compassion and love moves us forward and unites us
- whatever our backgrounds, experiences, or station in life are individually. As Mr. Williams says, We are each a part of this world, not the center of this world. By taking a more humble view, we are better able to be in harmony with all around us. People of faith often serve tirelessly behind-the-scenes to better our communities. I hope youll join us as together we recognize their hard work and faithful acts of service. Lets #FaithitForward.
Yours in service,
Randy
P.S. Do you know an individual or organization in our community that makes a difference because of their faith? If so, share the story here:
http://goo.gl/forms/9egvjDE395
and click like on the #FaithitForward Facebook page to read other stories of faith:
www.facebook.com/faithitforward .
Click Here
to view this email in your browser
Click Here
to be removed from this list