
MAY
8
News from Senator Ayotte's Office
Dear Friends,
After another busy week on Capitol Hill, I'm glad to be back home in New Hampshire. This morning in Bedford I participated in a forum focused ways to address our state's heroin and prescription drug addiction crisis. I provided an update on my efforts in the Senate to improve treatment and support individuals in recovery, as well as ensure that law enforcement has the necessary tools and resources. We can't arrest our way out of this problem, and I'll continue to seek input from public safety officials, treatment providers, and families who have valuable first-hand experience and insights into this critical issue.
Ahead of National Police Week, Senator Shaheen and I joined local public safety officers today for a roundtable discussion about legislation we've introduced that would ensure that survivor benefits for families of fallen public safety officers are not subject to federal taxation. We originally introduced the Don't Tax Our Fallen Public Safety Heroes Act last year in response to concerns from New Hampshire law enforcement personnel about an ambiguity in the law regarding the tax treatment of state-based survivor benefits programs. We also had a productive discussion about other challenges facing public safety officers in our state.
I also stopped by the Women Inspiring Women Business Networking Luncheon in Bedford this afternoon and enjoyed meeting so many successful women entrepreneurs. I received valuable feedback from these women that will help guide my ongoing efforts to make it easier for them to create jobs in New Hampshire.
This afternoon, I visited Portsmouth Naval Shipyard to tour the military barracks and the child development center. During the visit, I met with shipyard personnel about the unacceptable condition of the military barracks where junior enlisted service members live. The shipyard's leadership has consistently highlighted the barrack's terrible condition - including the lack of a fire suppression system, the violation of some current building and fire codes, poor ventilation, pest problems, the presence of mold, and numerous other problems. We also discussed excessive wait times to enroll children at the shipyard's child development center, which provides childcare for the children of service members and Department of Defense civilians at the shipyard. I'm working with the Department of Defense to address these problems in the upcoming defense authorization bill, which the Senate Armed Services Committee is set to consider next week.
Yesterday, the Senate voted overwhelmingly to approve the Iran Nuclear Agreement Review Act, bipartisan legislation I cosponsored that will ensure that Congress reviews any final agreement regarding Iran's nuclear weapons program. Given the serious concerns with the framework agreement and in light of the enormous security implications of a final agreement, I hope that the Senate's overwhelming vote will encourage the administration to pursue a strong deal that requires a permanent and verifiable end to Iran's nuclear weapons program. The bill will now be sent to the House of Representatives for consideration.
Also this week, the Senate approved a joint budget resolution that will guide spending decisions for the next fiscal year. This is the first time in several years that the Senate and House have passed a balanced budget - an important step in getting our nation's finances in order. I'm hopeful that this will allow the appropriations process to move forward in a timely and more transparent manner that provides better oversight of federal spending decisions.
Please see below for more news from my office, and enjoy the weekend!
NH Students Honored for Community Service
Senator Ayotte with Daniel, Donna, and Michael Iacopucci of Belmont.
Senator Ayotte with Elizabeth and Angela Hughes of Bedford.
This week, Senator Ayotte congratulated two New Hampshire students who won the 2015 Prudential Spirit of Community Award for outstanding community service. Daniel Iacopucci, a student at Belmont High School, created a picnic area and perennial garden along a paved walking and biking trail in Laconia last year. Elizabeth Hughes, a fifth-grader from Bedford who is home-schooled, has spent eight weeks over the past two years volunteering in foreign countries with her family, donating supplies and working on construction projects in support of "Color My World," a non-profit organization run by her family.
"Students like Daniel and Elizabeth embody the spirit of community that is so important to the Granite State," said Senator Ayotte. "I appreciate their willingness to serve their communities, and I was proud to welcome them both to our nation's capital and congratulate them on their accomplishments."
Read more.
Ayotte Champions NH Entrepreneurs In Honor of National Small Business Week
Senator Ayotte, a member of the Senate Small Business Committee and the Commerce Committee, released the following statement regarding National Small Business Week:
"At my town hall events, on my local business tours and in my travels across our state, I've talked to small business owners about ways to help them succeed and grow - including eliminating federal red tape and burdensome regulations. Small businesses are the backbone of New Hampshire's economy, and this week we recognize the entrepreneurial spirit of our nation's small business owners.
"We need to ensure that policies coming out of Washington drive job creation, and I'll continue my efforts on behalf of New Hampshire's entrepreneurs to advance pro-growth policies that will create a better economic climate for small businesses to grow and create jobs."
Click
here
to read more about Senator Ayotte's efforts to help New Hampshire small businesses grow and thrive.
Pork Watch: Ayotte Renews Call for Eliminating Duplicative Catfish Inspection Program
On Wednesday, Senator Ayotte renewed her concerns regarding the U.S. Department of Agriculture's duplicative catfish inspection program. The Food and Drug Administration (FDA) traditionally has been tasked with oversight of the U.S. Department of Agriculture's (USDA) catfish food safety inspection program.
However, a provision included in the 2008 Farm Bill removed FDA oversight of only catfish, transferring inspection responsibilities of the whiskered fish to the Food Safety and Inspection Service (FSIS) within USDA. The switch will require seafood companies that handle catfish and any other seafood product to be subject to redundant and inefficient regulations from both FDA and FSIS.
Neither of these public health agencies recognizes the legitimacy of each other's inspections, despite the fact that the FDA has been capably inspecting catfish for years.
In nine separate Government Accountability Office (GAO) reports from 2011 to 2015, GAO has identified USDA's catfish inspection program as duplicative, a waste of taxpayer dollars, and consequently called for its elimination.
Astoundingly, FSIS has spent 20 million tax dollars in the past four years for the catfish program, and is yet to inspect a single catfish.
Over the next decade, FSIS catfish oversight will cost American taxpayers $170 million, performing the same job the FDA fulfills for $7 million. It's past time for Congress to act to eliminate this wasteful program, and Senator Ayotte will continue to urge action to correct this misuse of taxpayer dollars.
Ayotte Requests IRS Return Fraudulent Tax Returns to Identity Theft Victims
Senator Ayotte this week sent a letter to Internal Revenue Service (IRS) Commissioner John Koskinen regarding the IRS' refusal to provide tax identity theft victims with copies of fraudulent tax returns filed in their names. Senator Ayotte wrote the letter with the intention of helping victims obtain copies of the fraudulent returns filed in their names so that the affected parties can determine what information was stolen in the identity theft.
"Tax-related identity theft victims have been through enough, and the least the IRS can do is to provide them with copies of their fraudulent returns so that they may secure their personal identity. While I understand that the agency has privacy concerns, victims deserve to know the extent of their identity theft, including what personal information has been compromised, in order to take action to protect themselves and their families," Ayotte wrote.
Read more.
Ayotte Discusses ISIS Threat to the Homeland
In an interview with FOX News' Bill Hemmer, Senator Ayotte discussed ISIS' claim of responsibility for the attempted terrorist attack in Garland, Texas, and her concerns that ISIS poses a growing threat to the homeland. Ayotte serves on the Senate Homeland Security Committee, which held a hearing this week focused on the use of social media as a terrorist recruitment tool.
Bipartisan Bill Would Increase Breast Cancer Patient Education &amp; Awareness
Senator Ayotte announced Wednesday that she is cosponsoring the Breast Cancer Patient Education Act of 2015 (S. 1192) to help ensure that breast cancer patients facing surgery are informed about all their care and treatment options. The bill, which was introduced by Senators Roy Blunt (R-MO) and Sherrod Brown (D-OH), would direct the Secretary of Health and Human Services to establish a public awareness campaign to inform breast cancer patients about the availability and coverage of breast reconstruction and other options such as prostheses.
"It's important that women with breast cancer have information about treatment options so they can make informed decisions about their health care," said Ayotte. "Our bipartisan bill will help improve breast cancer patients' knowledge of reconstructive procedures and other care options."
Read more.
National Guard Bureau Chief Visits New Hampshire
Senator Ayotte, a member of the Senate Armed Services Committee, released the following statement regarding General Frank Grass' visit to the New Hampshire National Guard on Sunday:
"It was an honor to help host General Grass in New Hampshire. The New Hampshire Army and Air National Guard are indispensable national security assets for our nation, and I am very proud of their distinguished service. I will continue to use my position on the Senate Armed Services Committee to ensure members of the National Guard have the resources they need to protect our freedom and security."
Photos of the Week
With Senator Shaheen at this morning's roundtable discussion with local public safety officers in Bedford
At the Women Inspiring Women Business Networking Luncheon in Bedford
Senator Ayotte with Thomas Bradford, Christopher Mehu, and Albertus Van Lubeeck, all of Nashua
With Lise Beaulac and Robert Morrissette of Berlin
With Linda Taggart (Nashua), Michael York (Goffstown), and Randy Brough (Laconia)
Receiving the Association of American Railroad's John H. Chafee Award for environmental stewardship.
Ayotte was recognized for introducing legislation to permanently reauthorize the Land and Water Conservation Fund.
Warm Regards,
Kelly Ayotte
United States Senator
Email Kelly
Manchester Office
1200 Elm Street, Suite 2
Manchester, NH 03101 Phone:
603-622-7979
Nashua Office
144 Main Street
Nashua, NH 03060 Phone:
603-880-3335
North Country Office 19 Pleasant Street, Suite 13B
Berlin, NH 03570 Phone:
603-752-7702 Fax:
603-752-7704
Portsmouth Office
14 Manchester Square, Ste 140
Portsmouth, NH 03801 Phone:
603-436-7161
Washington, DC
144 Russell Senate Office Building
Washington, DC 20510
Phone:
202-224-3324
Email Kelly
|
ayotte.senate.gov
|
Unsubscribe
