
Babin Bulletin | May 31, 2015
Click here
if you have trouble viewing this email
Severe Weather and Flooding Resources
It was a difficult week for the people of Texas - especially right here in Southeast Texas and Harris County.
Our thoughts and prayers are with all those affected by the severe weather and flooding.
We lift up those who lost their lives and thank our brave first responders for risking their lives to save others.
Our office is working closely on all levels of government to ensure our residents receive the attention they need.
Flooding and Disaster Assistance Information
We have compiled some important information related to flood safety and disaster assistance ----
CLICK
HERE
---- to view these updated resources. If you have any questions or need assistance, please do not hesitate to contact our office.
Disaster and Hurricane Preparedness
The severe storms and flooding also remind us of the critical need to be fully prepared for such disasters.
With this past week marking Hurricane Preparedness Week, I wanted to provide you with a few helpful tips and links to ensure you and your family are prepared for hurricane season:
To begin preparing, you should
build an emergency kit , make a family
communications plan , and
prepare now for an evacuation .
For more tips and information about hurricanes visit:
www.ready.gov/hurricanes
For disaster related information visit:
www.FEMA.gov .
Babin Rejects EPAs
Puddle and Tire Rut Power Grab
This week the Environmental Protection Agency (EPA) and US Army Corps of Engineers finalized its Waters of the United States rule, which grants the agencies unprecedented authority to regulate virtually all water flows in America, including ditches and farmland ponds.
I find it deeply disturbing that these agencies would move forward with this outrageous and egregious expansion of federal government in the face of such widespread opposition.
The fact that they think a tire rut in a field should be regulated as a navigable stream tells us all we need to know about the bureaucrats behind this federal power grab.
Not only does it defy logic and common sense, it tramples private property rights.
I will continue doing all I can to roll back this government overreach.
Court Deals Blow to
Executive Immigration Plan
On Tuesday, a the Fifth Circuit Court of Appeals dealt the Administration another defeat by refusing to lift a Texas judges order blocking the Administration's sweeping executive action on immigration.
This ruling is a major victory in our fight to restore the rule of law in the United States of America.
I believe the Administrations decision to grant amnesty through unilateral executive action makes a mockery of our laws.
We are a nation of immigrants, but as we are reminded by this court decision, we are also a nation of laws and presidents cannot act alone.
This court decision is an important development, but more must be done to restore the rule of law.
US PATRIOT Act
In our recent constituent survey, we asked if you thought Congress should pass a "clean" extension of the PATRIOT Act with no changes to current law, or if it should be reformed to include more protections.
An overwhelming majority (77%) said Congress should change the law to add privacy protections, transparency and accountability.
I share those concerns and will not vote for a clean extension of the PATRIOT Act - which is set to expire tonight at midnight. For those of you who have not yet voted, please
click here
to participate in our survey.
I believe we must end
the National Security Agency (NSA)s unconstitutional bulk collection of data from U.S. citizens , while preserving the ability to lawfully obtain critical information from suspected terrorists. I voted for a bill similar to what Senators Mike Lee (R-UT) and Ted Cruz (R-TX) have introduced to bring transparency and accountability to government agencies, while making sure we can stop terrorists.
Snap-Shots
from the Week
On Tuesday, we held an open house at our Orange District Office to welcome constituents and highlight the many services offered by our congressional office. Providing quality constituent services is our top goal and our team is here to listen and assist in any way we can. To view more pictures, please
click here .
This past week we held a town hall meeting at the University of Houston Clear Lake Campus. We will be holding similar town hall meetings across the district, so please stay tuned for future updates. Your input is critical to helping me better represent our Texas values in Congress.
It was a pleasure speaking to the Livingston Lions Club and providing them with an update from Congress on issues such as securing our border and protecting our Second Amendment rights. As a Texas Lions Camp Century Club Member and former president of the Woodville Lions Club, I always appreciate meeting and speaking with these dedicated community servants. To view more pictures, please
click here .
Forward to a Friend
|
Share on Facebook
|
Share on Twitter
UPDATE SUBSCRIPTION OPTIONS
|
PRIVACY POLICY
|
CONTACT US
Click Here Click Here