
Website
|
About
|
Contact Me
|
Serving You
|
Media Center
|
Legislative Work
|
Our District
|
Resources
May 22, 2015
The Scalise Capitol Report
Empowering Our Veterans with Opportunities
As we approach Memorial Day, we pause with a thankful heart to remember every service member who made the ultimate sacrifice for the priceless gifts of freedom and the American Dream. We owe an immense amount of gratitude to those who have answered the call to defend our great nation, and it is my hope that you join me in expressing our gratitude to our heroes this Memorial Day.
If you have been impacted by the VA failures, click on the photo above to share your story.
The Republican House continues to be a vocal advocate for those who have bravely served our nation, which is why we passed six bills this week to better honor and serve our veterans. It is critical that we do everything we can to help veterans and their families achieve the American Dream they have fought to defend. While we can never fully repay our veterans for the enormous sacrifices they have made serving our country, defending our freedoms and protecting our way of life, I am glad that Congress took several important steps to ensure that our servicemen and women receive the benefits they have earned. Some of the bills we passed to empower our veterans include demanding accountability from the VA, boosting veteran employment, and helping veteran-owned businesses succeed.
Click on the photo above to view the bills we passed to empower veterans with opportunities
Strengthening Innovation
Celebrating Innovation Week, the Republican House moved legislation that creates more opportunities to grow our economy and create jobs. The biggest threat to American innovation is the mountain of radical regulations that come out of Washington; in fact, it costs small businesses over $10,000 per employee to comply with these radical regulations. The House acted to reverse this dangerous trend of top-down regulations that are hurting the bottom-up innovation of our American innovators. I will continue to fight for policies that allow Americans to continue to compete and succeed.
Click on the photo above to see the House-passed legislation that celebrates Innovation Week
For America to retain our competitive edge and create good-paying jobs here at home, we need to prioritize our investments wisely and responsibly in basic scientific research. The America COMPETES Act helps ensure that America remains the worlds innovation leader and Americans are first in line for the jobs of tomorrow in fields like energy, computer science, chemistry and biology. This bill also also stands up for hard-working taxpayers by eliminating wasteful Washington spending and radical global warming programs.
Watch me highlight wasteful research spending by clicking on the photo above
Promoting New Manufacturing
In Louisiana, over 50 proposed manufacturing projects currently face a burdensome permitting process and miles of bureaucratic red tape. If constructed, these facilities would be worth more than $35 billion and would create over 50,000 new jobs and support at least an additional 20,000 jobs in Louisiana. That is why I have introduced The Promoting New Manufacturing Act with my colleague Senator Shelley Moore Capito (R-W.Va.).
The bill holds the EPA accountable and makes the federal government more effective and efficient by cutting red tape that is currently choking millions of dollars in manufacturing investments across the country. Our bill would implement much-needed reforms at the EPA to fix a broken permitting process that is holding innovators back from creating thousands of good jobs here in America. The hard-working taxpayers who have to live with these radical regulations deserve transparency and efficiency from the EPA.
It is an honor to represent you in Congress. For more information please visit my
website ,
Twitter ,
Instagram , and
Facebook
pages.
God Bless,
Steve Scalise
House Majority Whip
WEBSITE
|
UNSUBSCRIBE
|
CONTACT
Washington DC Office
2338 Rayburn HOB
Washington, DC 20515
Phone: (202) 225-3015
Houma Office
8026 Main Street
Suite 700
Houma, LA 70360
Phone: (985) 879-2300
Metairie Office
110 Veterans Boulevard
Suite 500
Metairie, LA 70005
Phone: (504) 837-1259
Mandeville Office
21454 Koop Drive
Suite 1E
Mandeville, LA 70471
Phone: (985) 893-9064
Hammond Office
1514 Martens Drive
Suite 10
Hammond, LA 70401
Phone: (985) 340-2185
Click Here Click Here