
Can't see the pictures? Select "Always display images" or
view this message in your browser .
May 10, 2015
Hi,
It&rsquo;s been a busy spring in Washington D.C. and here at home and I wanted to share a few of the things I&rsquo;ve been working on. As always please don&rsquo;t hesitate to contact me with questions about legislation or if you need assistance with a federal agency.
Hope to see you soon,
Congressman Ed Perlmutter
Legislative Update
Energy and Water Appropriations
Republican Budget Fails to Invest for the Future
After weeks of closed-door negotiations, the Republicans emerged with a Budget Conference Report that included $5 trillion in cuts to fundamental programs important to Coloradans and Americans.
Programs such as Medicare will no longer exist in its current form along with other programs to help hardworking families buy a house, pay for college, and save for retirement. The Republicans in the House and Senate have opted to ram through a budget which jeopardizes our kids and grandchildren&rsquo;s future and chips away at a bright future for our country. With the economy growing stronger every day, we need a budget that invests in our future and continues the positive momentum in Colorado and our nation.
While I appreciate resources provided for important water projects under H.R. 2028, the
Energy and Water Development Appropriations Act for Fiscal Year 2016 , the legislation cuts $266 million from research for Energy Efficiency and Renewable Energy (EERE) programs and includes several controversial policy riders. These drastic cuts undermine important programs and jeopardize America's competitiveness and economic growth.
I cosponsored an amendment to redirect over $25 million to support EERE research like that being done at the National Renewable Energy Laboratory (NREL) in Golden. The important research and development taking place at NREL will change the way we fuel our future and our economy. H.R. 2028 also failed to fully appropriate Facilities &amp; Infrastructure funding which keeps the lights on at NREL and funds energy integration research being done at the Energy Systems Integration Facility.
We need to work toward energy independence with clean and efficient technologies to secure America's energy future, power economic growth, create good-paying jobs, and reduce carbon pollution.
I will continue to support research and development of more efficient energy use and renewable power sources today to build a cleaner and more sustainable tomorrow.
Marijuana Businesses Access to Banking Act of 2015
Congressman Denny Heck and I reintroduced the
Marijuana Businesses Access to Banking Act of 2015 . Legitimate businesses are being shut out of the banking system and forced to operate on a cash-only basis because of outdated federal regulations.
This is an issue of public safety. Not only are the proprietors at risk, but the employees and customers are also at risk of serious and violent crimes.
It is estimated that 40 percent of the marijuana-related businesses in Colorado are unbanked. This means hundreds of millions of dollars in cash are moving around the streets of Colorado.
This legislation has support from both Republicans and Democrats in the House and the Senate. I look forward to working with my colleagues to move this commonsense legislation forward.
Congressional Art Show Celebrates the Work of Nearly 90 Students
Nearly 90 pieces were entered from all over the district for this year&rsquo;s Congressional Art Competition. Students demonstrated an outstanding level of creativity and artistic ability using photography, oil, drawing and other mediums. Congratulations to this year&rsquo;s winner, Mingxin Ye of Golden High School. Her winning oil painting, &ldquo;Storyteller,&rdquo; will hang in the United States Capitol for the next year.
Thank you to all the students and teachers for making this year&rsquo;s competition such a success and a big thank you to Michelle Haney and Red Rocks Community College for hosting this year&rsquo;s art show.
Click here to see more work from this year&rsquo;s art competition
Great New Improvements Coming to Commerce City
This past week I had the great opportunity to tour three of Commerce City's current construction projects: Fronterra Park, the Outdoor Pool at Pioneer Park and the new Boys and Girls Club. All three projects are well on their way to completion and will provide Commerce City with greater access and increased recreational opportunities. I'm looking forward to seeing these projects once they're finished and the positive impact they will have on the Commerce City community.
Click here read more about Commerce City&rsquo;s Capital Improvement Program .
Constituent Success Story: Getting Fenwick&rsquo;s Pension and Health Insurance Back
Every year, the Office of Personnel Management (OPM) sends out thousands of letters to verify current addresses and combat fraud for retirement benefits. Once in the while there is a miscommunication as in the case of Fenwick, a resident of Lakewood.
The OPM office&rsquo;s correspondence failed to reach Fenwick and ultimately the agency stopped his pension and health benefits.
Fenwick called my office to see if we could help.
&ldquo;Representative Perlmutter provided me with direct intervention with OPM, which had suspended my retirement income and health benefits. Thank you, Ed Perlmutter!&rdquo;
My office is here to help the hardworking people of the 7th Congressional District. We want to help you cut through red tape when dealing with a government agency or with any other issues you are facing. I&rsquo;m proud my office was able to help Fenwick, and I look forward to helping you in the future. If you are having an issue with a federal agency, please call my office at 303-274-7944. My staff and I will always do our best to help.
Connect With Me
Facebook
Twitter
YouTube
Unsubscribe
Washington DC Office
1410 Longworth House Office
Building
Washington, DC 20515
Phone: 202.225.2645
Fax: 202.225.5278
District Office
12600 West Colfax Avenue, Suite
B-400
Lakewood, CO 80215
Phone: 303.274.7944
Fax: 303.274.6455
Please do not reply to this email.
To contact me, please
click here
and let me know your thoughts on how I can better represent your beliefs and values in our nation's Capitol.
