
Babin Bulletin | May 24, 2015
Click here
if you have trouble viewing this email
Remembering Those Who Gave All
In honoring our fallen heroes this Memorial Day, we are reminded of the debt of gratitude that is owed to the brave men and women who have sacrificed so much in defense of our freedoms.
On this special day, please join me in prayer for those who have lost loved ones in battle, thanking a veteran, praying for our active duty troops, and honoring the fallen on Memorial Day.
While we may never be able to repay the debt that is owed, too many veterans are not receiving the attention and care they have undoubtedly earned. To close this gap, the
House passed six new bills this past week to better assist our nation's veterans, including bills to allow veterans to obtain a veterans ID card from the VA, reduce veteran homelessness, and incentivize companies to employ returning veterans . As someone who serve in our Armed Services and the father of a decorated Navy SEAL, I am committed to making sure that the promises that were made to our veterans are kept.
House Passes the SPACE Act
On Thursday, I joined a bipartisan group of my colleagues in voting to pass the SPACE Act (H.R. 2262), legislation I cosponsored to advance commercial space through encouraging private sector investment, creating more stable and predictable regulatory conditions, and improving safety. Lets face it, in any field, no American entrepreneur is going to invest billions of dollars of their own money where there is regulatory uncertainty. The SPACE Act creates a regulatory framework and provides certainty for these privately financed endeavors to take the next steps.
This bill will ignite the flame of commercial space and propel the American entrepreneurial spirit beyond our world and into the final frontier.
Click
here
to watch my speech in support of the SPACE ACT.
Baytown War Hero Receives Congressional Gold Medal
I had the special privilege of meeting LCDR Billy Watts USN (Ret) of Baytown, Texas, this past week as he was presented with the Congressional Gold Medal for being recognizes as part of the elite group of American Fighter Aces -
fighter pilots who shot down five or more enemy aircraft in World War I, World War II, Korea, or Vietnam.
Only 1,447 pilots achieved this award, with 77 still living today. It was a tremendous honor to help bring recognition to this American hero and thank him for his distinguished service to our country.
Babin Votes to End Wasteful Spending and Advance American Innovation
On Wednesday, I voted for House passage of the America COMPETES Act (H.R. 1806), a fiscally responsible bill that reprioritizes wasteful spending and invests in American technology to ensure the U.S. maintains its competitive edge.
Our bill ends ridiculous government spending on such things as researching how captive mountain lions use a treadmill or building a device to simulate massages for rabbits.
Click
here
to watch my speech in support of the America COMPETES Act.
Important Reminder:
Internships
We offer Congressional internships for college students and recent graduates in our District offices, as well as our Washington, DC office. If you are interested, or know someone who is, please apply by
clicking here . If you have any questions, please do not hesitate to contact us.
Snap-Shots from the Week
It was an honor to help assemble care packages for our deployed service members at the USO Service Project on Capitol Hill. As the father of a Navy SEAL with three deployments to Iraq, I understand how important these gestures are to our troops and their families.
I enjoyed welcoming Anahuac High School students Taylor Dunigan and Imani Wooding, and their teacher Lin Ellis, to the Capitol as part of the Close Up Foundation High School Program. Great to see young people from back home taking the extra steps to learn more about our government.
Video of the Week
I spoke on the House floor this week in strong support of the Justice for Victims of Trafficking Act. This bipartisan bill will take important steps to combat the heinous crimes of human trafficking. Click
here
to watch.
Forward to a Friend
|
Share on Facebook
|
Share on Twitter
UPDATE SUBSCRIPTION OPTIONS
|
PRIVACY POLICY
|
CONTACT US
Click Here Click Here