
If you are
having trouble viewing this message or would like to share it on a
social network, you can
view
the message online .
HOME
ABOUT
CONTACT
ME
SERVING YOU
MEDIA CENTER
ISSUES &amp;
LEGISLATION
OUR DISTRICT
June 12, 2015
Dear
Friend,
I offered an amendment this week that passed the full House to
nullify the California High Speed Rail Authoritys grant
agreement with the FRA , forcing the Authority to come up with
$2.3 billion this year to continue the project.
This
amendment will finally hold California High Speed Rail accountable for its
finances. The project is several decades behind schedule, nearly $70
billion over budget, and will not meet the speeds, travel times, or
ridership levels promised to voters. No longer will they be able to accept
a hamburger today for payment on Tuesday.
Specifically,
my amendment prohibits any appropriated funds from being used for high
speed rail in the state of California or for administering a grant
agreement that includes a tapered match.
When FRA initially
awarded the Authority with nearly $3 billion in federal grant dollars
under the federal stimulus package, it entered in to a standard grant
agreement with the Authority requiring a dollar for dollar match. This
agreement stipulated that for every federal tax dollar spent, the
Authority must spend a dollar from a non-federal source. California never
came up with the money and subsequently missed payment deadline after
payment deadline. In order to avoid violating the Federal
Anti-Deficiency Act, the FRA quietly amended their grant agreement in December of
2012 to allow for a tapered match
allowing federal dollars to be
spent in advance of any matching dollars, despite having no assurances
from the Authority that the matching dollars would ever exist. The
FRAs Inspector General has subsequently criticized FRA for jeopardizing
federal taxpayer dollars with this scheme. This amendment guarantees
that the FRA must enter in to an agreement that requires the Authority
to match, dollar for dollar, federal tax dollars in current fiscal
years.
The next step is to make sure this amendment is
offered and passes in the Senate, too. Ive been fighting for years to stop
the train from continuing to waste your taxpayer dollars, and this is
a great step forward.
As many of you have heard, today
the House considered a series of trade-related bills. Ive gotten phone
calls, emails and messages from many of you this week and appreciate
you contacting me to share your thoughts. My goal is always to protect
trade, which has a huge impact on our Valley agricultural economy. I
met with United States Trade Representative Michael Froman last week to
discuss this bill and reviewed it closely. Ensuring Congress has a
voice in any trade deal negotiated between the United States and other
nations is my top priority, which is why I voted in favor of Trade
Promotion Authority. This is not a vote for any trade agreement. It is a
vote for the procedure to consider trade agreements. Under TPA,
Congress has the final say on any agreement that develops and the agreement
would have to be available to the public for 60 days prior to being
voted on by the Congress. Only with congressional approval would the
trade deal become law. I also read the current draft of the proposed
agreement itself, known as the Trans Pacific Partnership.
On
Wednesday, I visited the White House to meet with Deputy National
Security Advisory Ben Rhodes and request that we do everything we can to
protect Christians being persecuted by the Islamic State of Iraq and the
Levant (ISIL).
Many Central Valley residents have friends and
family experiencing the ISILs genocidal campaign, and I believe we
should be providing direct military assistance to help these
Christians.
I welcomed the
Holliday family from Modesto this week. My office helped coordinate
tours of the U.S. Capitol, Kennedy Center and Library of Congress for
them.
This is one of my favorite flag photos from when I
presented a flag flown over the U.S. Capitol to the Ripon Chamber of
Commerce last fast.
As you may
have seen on Facebook, this week I am holding a competition in
commemoration on Flag Day on Sunday. To celebrate the greatness of our
American flag, I am accepting photo submissions this week of your favorite
flag photo. Deadline is Sunday at midnight PT. I'll be choosing the
winning photo next week and sending the winner a flag from the Capitol.
Send your favorite photo to CA10.Press@mail.house.gov and be sure to
share the contest with any friends who might like to
participate!
Congratulations are in order for the Golden State Warriors, who
beat the Cavaliers last night to advance in the playoffs. I emailed
you earlier this week to invite you to participate in a telephone
townhall meeting on Tuesday with my friend Paul Ryan. Given the timing of
the playoff game, I am going to postpone our telephone townhall for
another evening. I look forward to speaking with you
soon!
Hope you have a great weekend, and happy Flag Day.
Please
be sure to connect with me on
Facebook ,
Twitter ,
YouTube
or
Instagram .
JEFF DENHAM
Do you
support or oppose giving the President Trade Promotion Authority (fast
track)? Support Oppose *By
answering this survey, you are subscribing to my newsletter. If
you are having trouble, click here.
E-mail Updates
Yes,
please periodically send me e-mail updates.*
*By subscribing to my
e-mail updates, you are
authorizing me to send regular e-mail updates from my office to your
e-mail account.
DC office:
1730 Longworth
HOB
Washington, DC
20515
P: 202-225-4540
F: 202-225-3402
Modesto Office:
4701 Sisk
Road, Suite 202
Modesto, CA 95356
P: 209-579-5458
F:
209-579-5028
Unsubscribe
|
Update My
Profile
|
Privacy Policy
gateway mail end
