
If you are having trouble viewing
this message or would like to share it on a social network, you can
view the message
online .
Home
|
About
|
How Can I Help?
|
Media
|
Issues
|
The 6th District
Dear Friends:
This week I want to
share my editorial that recently ran in the Aurora Sentinel, highlighting
a successful program at my old high school that is making a real
difference:
There has been a lot of talk about Aurora
Central High School being ranked among the failed schools and being forced
to make significant reforms subject to the approval of the Colorado
Department of Education given low test scores and poor graduation
rates. However, last month I had the opportunity to visit Aurora Central
High School to witness a tremendous success story called Boys Hope,
Girls Hope (BHGH).
BHGH is a nonprofit that provides an array of
services to Aurora Central High School student participants in order to
fully prepare them, not just to graduate from high school, but to go
to college.
The young people who participate in this
program come from disadvantaged backgrounds and are sometimes the first
in their family to finish high school and often the first to consider
going to college.
They have access to after school programs that
include tutoring, mentoring, as well as recreational activities.
They are surrounded by adult volunteers who inspire them to challenge
themselves to better their lives and to lay a foundation for their
future through academic success. The BHGH students are required to take
challenging courses and are literally students of a
school-within-a-school at Aurora Central High School.
Some of the students are in
a residential program, sponsored by BHGH, where they live apart from
their families while going to high
school.
I met about 50
students participating in the BHGH program when I visited Central
High School last month. They first wanted to know what it was like to
serve in Congress and to work in Washington, D.C. They peppered me with
thoughtful questions about a wide range of issues that I have to vote
on, as well as what inspired me to be in politics and about my career
path in the military and as a small business
owner.
Normally, when I visit schools, I have to work to get the young people
interested in public policy issues but these students didnt have to be
prompted.
They were informed, engaged and projected
confidence.
I was so deeply impressed with them that it gave me a sense of
optimism that Aurora Central High School can be a success, not just for
the students that participate in BHGH but for all of the students at
the school, if the school can fundamentally change to meet the unique
needs of this diverse student population.
We owe it to them.
We owe it to all of the children in our
community.
Im
so proud of the students who are in BHGH at Aurora Central High School
because I know that they will have a bright future ahead of them
thanks to the leadership of this nonprofit and to the adult volunteers
that care enough to get involved in order to make a
difference.
No doubt, I worry about the children who are not in BHGH and who
have been failed by a system that is not designed to make a meaningful
difference in their lives.
In those young people I fear that
they will never be given the chance to be full participants in our
community and could be trapped in a life of poverty without any hope of
ever escaping it.
Im glad that the Colorado Department of
Education is forcing change at Aurora Central High School.
My
hope is that whatever decision is made, it is made on behalf of the
students at Aurora Central High School and not a list of well-intentioned
cosmetic changes that are convenient or politically acceptable to
those who work at the school.
There is just too much at
stake.
Sincerely,
Mike Coffman
U.S. Representative
If you would like to
sign up to receive regular email updates from Mike, please visit
this link
$ 18,159,553,622,987
Share on
Facebook
Share on Twitter
Share on LinkedIn
VA Boss Passes the Buck
By: Staff
South Carolina Post and
Courier
Published May 6, 2015
President Barack Obama brought in
Robert McDonald to head the troubled Department of Veterans Affairs last
year after discovery of fraudulent records, a pattern of reprisals
against whistleblowers and a deadly failure to treat eligible veterans in
a timely fashion by the agencys health
administration.
Now Secretary McDonald, a West Point graduate who served in the
military and corporate-executive realms, has evidently fallen into the
familiar trap of exaggerating his accomplishments and blaming Congress for
his problems. Doing so reduces the nations confidence in his ability
to manage his troubled agency.
Earlier this year, Mr.
McDonald told NBCs Meet the Press, Nine hundred employees have been
fired since I became secretary, implying that they were accountable
for lapses in the VA system. Included among them, he said, were 60
people who manipulated wait times to falsely claim veterans were not
being denied timely appointments. He added that about 100 senior
leaders ... are also under investigation.
But VA documents
provided to Congress and recently reported by The New York Times appear
to refute these claims. They show that the department punished only
eight of its 280,000 employees for involvement in the scandal. The
Times reported that one was fired, one was forced to retire, one is about
to be fired and five were reprimanded or suspended for up to two
months.
So much for a clean
sweep.
House
Veterans Affairs Committee Chairman Jeff Miller, R-Fla., noticed
and
exposed
the self-serving discrepancies in the secretarys version of
events. In a letter to Mr. McDonald late last week, Rep. Miller pointed
out that your own misstatements to the media prompted his committees
decision to release data setting the record
straight.
Yet the secretary seems determined to play the victim. In a recent
appearance before the Association of Health Care Journalists, he blamed the
VAs problems on a tight budget and a rising work load, presumably
caused by an aging veteran population.
He also complained
about a House-proposed cut in next years budget of $1.4 billion
or
less than 1 percent. Never mind that the VAs budget has increased by
roughly two-thirds during the Obama presidency to $164 billion this
year.
The Veterans Affairs secretary also said Congress
was not providing enough funds for the agencys construction program at
a time when he is being asked to explain huge overruns on construction
projects, including a new hospital in Denver that has so far cost
$1.7 billion.
In a testy exchange with
Rep. Mike
Coffman , R-Colo., Mr. McDonald rejected responsibility for the
overruns, saying, If theres a problem in Denver, I think you
[Congress] own it more than I do.
However, the VA, not
Congress, manages the construction program.
Meanwhile, evidence
is accumulating that whistleblowers in the department are still being
subjected to retaliation. Whatever steps Mr. McDonald has taken to
discipline abuses of power have clearly not been sufficient to bring
senior VA health officials in line.
Senate Judiciary
Committee Chairman Chuck Grassley, R-Iowa, has said the VA is suffering from
an epidemic of retaliation against whistleblowers and has written
McDonald to ask what steps, if any, are being taken to put an end to
the practice.
Courageous whistleblowers at several VA
hospitals last year provided the first evidence of fraudulent records and
denial of service at the VA.
By inflating his
achievements while failing to stop abusive staff practices and by passing the
buck, Mr. McDonald raises serious questions about his fitness for the
job.
If he cant do better, the administration should
start looking for leadership that can.
House Approves Bill
Banning VA SES Bonuses
By: Shefali Kapadia
Federal News
Radio
Published May 4,
2015
Lawmakers are once again taking a stab at the
Veterans Affairs Department, in hopes of holding executives more
accountable for widespread problems at the
agency.
Senior
executives at the Veterans Affairs would not get performance bonuses, under
an amendment to the Military Construction and Veterans Affairs
Appropriations Bill of 2016.
Rep. Keith Rothfus (R-Pa.)
introduced the amendment, claiming it would help to fix poor management and
improve accountability at VA
facilities.
"One only needs
to take a quick survey of the tremendous investigative work that
Chairman [Jeff] Miller (R-Fla.),
Congressman Mike Coffman
(R-Colo.) and the rest of my colleagues on the Veterans' Affairs
Committee have been doing to see that, despite our efforts to reform and
improve the agency culture at the VA, little to nothing has changed,"
Rothfus said.
Same amendment, take
three
The House passed the amendment on a voice vote Wednesday, before
approving the full appropriations bill Thursday on a vote of 255 to 163,
largely along party lines.
The spending bill includes $163
billion in discretionary and mandatory funding for VA
a $4.1 billion
increase over this year, but still $1.5 billion lower than the White
House's request for 2016. The White House has threatened to veto the
measure, saying it "fails to fully fund critical priorities." VA
Secretary Bob McDonald also said the funding is inadequte, and it would
"cause veterans to suffer."
The push to prohibit performance
awards for senior executives isn't a new calling from Rothfus. He
successfully introduced the same amendment to the last two MilCon-VA
spending bills.
"Senior executives must take responsibility
for their failure to fix the problems, and until they do so, these
dollars are better spent providing our veterans the first-rate care they
rightly deserve."
But senior executives are not the only
employees responsible for fixing problems at VA, said Carol Bonosaro,
president of the Senior Executives
Association.
"His
amendment will only serve to place an obstacle in the way of VA
recruiting and retaining the best and the brightest, and ignores the fact that
Senior Executives do not receive locality pay nor cost of living
increases, as do General Schedule employees. Performance awards are an
integral part of SES compensation. Once again, this is short-sighted
congressional micro-management and will not serve our veterans well in the
end," Bonosaro said in an email to Federal News
Radio.
A
VA spokesman told Federal News Radio, "VA does not have a position on
the amendment and generally does not comment on legislation outside
of Congressional hearings."
Is the amendment the right
approach?
In his remarks on the House floor, Rothfus
pointed to problems at VA's regional office in Philadelphia. An inspector
general report last month found officials changed dates on disability
claims to make them look newer and paid more than $2 million in
duplicate benefit payments.
The spending bill collectively
allocates about half a billion dollars for disability claims processing
and reducing the backlog. It also provides nearly $1 billion for VA
construction projects. House Republicans said they hope that money will
fix "egregious project management and cost overruns," including a VA
construction site near Denver, which is now years behind schedule and $1
billion over budget.
Coffman
introduced
a bill in March that would stop VA from giving out any bonuses until
it finishes the construction in Aurora, Colorado. His rationale
suspending bonuses would allow construction to finish in a
"deficit-neutral manner."
Just last week, Sen. Ron Johnson (R-Wis.)
introduced a bill to let VA discipline or dismiss doctors who perform
poorly or commit misconduct. The bill comes after several reports at
regional VA medical centers, including Tomah, Wisconsin, which was dubbed
"Candy Land" for how many opiates and painkillers doctors prescribed
to veterans.
Although lawmakers agreed the VA has a host
of problems it needs to fix, not all thought Rothfus' amendment was
the right approach.
"This amendment would make the VA a
less attractive option than other agencies when it comes to recruiting
and retaining quality executive leaders," Rep. Sanford Bishop (D-Ga.)
said. "Attempting to do an across-the board, one-size- fits-all fix
will penalize those dedicated VA executives who are working hard and well
to find solutions to the VA's problems. This is
nonsense."
Washington Office
2443 Rayburn HOB
Washington, D.C. 20515
Phone: (202) 225-7882
Fax: (202) 226-4623
District
Office
Cherry Creek Place IV
3300 S. Parker Road, Suite #305
Aurora, CO 80014
Phone:
(720) 748-7514
Fax: (720)
748-7680
Unsubscribe
|
Update My
Profile
|
Privacy
Policy
