
Stay Connected:
Meet
Adam
Issues
&amp; Legislation
News
&amp; Media
16th
District
How
Can I Help You?
Contact
Adam
May 13th, 2015
Sixteenth District Update
Dear Friend,
I hope this update finds you well. I am truly honored by the opportunity to represent the people of the 16th Congressional District and wanted to take a moment to share photos from some of my recent visits.
I encourage you to also visit my
website ,
Facebook , and
Twitter
pages where you can find regular updates about my work at home in the 16th District and in Washington.
Hope to see you soon,
Adam
Rockford District Office Ribbon Cutting
The Rockford Chamber of Commerce hosted an official ribbon cutting ceremony to commemorate the opening of Congressman Kinzingers new Rockford District Office, which provides a more convenient location to constituents throughout the northern region of the 16th District. Chamber members and local elected officials from Rockford and beyond gathered at the new district office, located at 725 N. Lyford Road, Suite 3, Rockford, IL, 61107 within the Rockford Mass Transit East Side Transfer Center.
From public forums to traveling office hours, Congressman Kinzinger has always made accessibility one of his top priorities. Regional district offices in the northern, central, and southern portions of the district ensure easy constituent access and allow staff to maintain an active role in the surrounding communities.
Staff is available to assist and provide guidance for constituents on issues ranging from Veterans and Social Security benefits to Medicare and immigration issues. Constituents are also welcome to come to share their questions and concerns.
Kinzinger Holds Community Forum in Rockford
Congressman Kinzinger joined Americans for Prosperity to hold a community forum in Rockford.
Constituents from across the 16th district gathered at the standing-room-only meeting to discuss a range of issues, including veterans benefits, domestic energy production, and foreign policy.
Rochelle Chamber of Commerce Roundtable
Congressman Kinzinger hosted a roundtable with members of the Rochelle Chamber of Commerce and Rochelle Mayor Chet Olsen. The Congressman provided a Washington, D.C. update and answered questions about several topics, including education, transportation, immigration, and more.
The group also discussed the regional impact of the recent tornado, and Congressman Kinzinger shared how the federal government could better respond to natural disasters which affect rural communities.
When disasters hit small communities in populous states like Illinois, it is difficult for the state and community to qualify for FEMA disaster assistance within the formula currently used by FEMA to determine if a disaster meets the threshold for federal assistance. Congressman Kinzinger was proud to introduce
H.R. 1685, the the Fairness in Federal Disaster Declarations Act , with other members of the Illinois delegation to bring fairness and certainty to states and smaller communities by putting a greater weight on localized impacts of a disaster. On April 15, the House Transportation and Infrastructure Committee reported legislation to reform and reauthorize the FEMA Disaster Assistance. The legislation includes provisions similar to H.R. 1685 and awaits a vote on the House floor.
Classroom Visits Across the District
As the school year winds down, Congressman Kinzinger stopped by two high schools to meet with students and answer questions.
He spoke to approximately 150 students in Rockford East High Schools Human and Public Service program about several topics, including current affairs, his favorite part of being a congressman, and what its like to be on TV.
While visiting Minooka Community High School, Congressman Kinzinger spoke to 250 seniors whose questions touched on how to get involved in local government, foreign affairs, and the coolest and scariest places the Congressman has ever been.
Advocating for the 16th District in State Capital
Congressman Kinzinger traveled to Springfield to meet with state agency heads to champion a wide range of topics and projects within the 16th District. The Congressman met with the Illinois Environmental Protection Agency, the Department of Commerce and Economic Opportunity, and the Illinois Department of Natural Resources. While in Springfield, Congressman Kinzinger was pleased to speak at the Illinois Manufacturing Association Business Day Luncheon, which was attended by 400 manufacturing leaders from across the state.
Stay Connected
Please continue to
let me know your thoughts and concerns
about issues facing our community. I hope you will forward this update to your friends, family and neighbors who can sign up
here .
In Case You Missed It
Congressman Kinzinger on MSNBCs Morning Joe: Instability in Yemen can spill out across the region
WTVO (ABC):
Kinzinger says more needs to be done to help tornado victims
WQRF (FOX):
Kinzinger Holds Roundtable, Discusses Recent Tornado
Rochelle News-Leader:
Roundtable offers opportunity for discussion
WRHL:
Congressman Kinzinger visits Rochelle
Washington D.C. Office
1221 Longworth HOB
Washington, DC 20515
Phone: (202) 2253635
Fax: (202) 2253521
Ottawa District Office
628 Columbus Street, Ste. 507
Ottawa, IL 61350
Phone: (815) 4319271
Fax: (815) 4319383
Watseka District Office
342 West Walnut
Watseka, IL 60970
Phone: (815) 432-0580
Rockford District Office
725 N. Lyford Road, Ste. 3
Rockford , IL 61107
Phone: (815) 708-8032
Unsubscribe
|
Update My Profile
|
Privacy Policy
