DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.0 Transitional//EN" "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml1/DTD/xhtml1-transitional.dtd"
Email Newsletter
Recently in Washington
Simpson Denounces EPA WOTUS Rule
Idaho Congressman Mike Simpson last week issued the following statement following the EPAs announcement finalizing the Waters of the United States (WOTUS) rule.
I find it extremely disappointing, though not surprising, that the EPA has moved forward on this controversial rule in spite of widespread opposition from Members of Congress, the states, and the American public, said Simpson.
In Idaho, water is life, and I dont intend to sit back and watch the EPA take control of state waters, leaving Idaho farmers, ranchers, and landowners at the mercy of federal regulations.
Simpson chairs the appropriations subcommittee overseeing the budget for the US Army Corps of Engineers and sits on the subcommittee overseeing the budget for the EPA.
In those roles, he has authored language passed by the House that would prevent the EPA and the US Army Corps of Engineers from expanding their regulatory jurisdiction under the Clean Water Act.
He has also cosponsored a number of legislative provisions addressing this issue.
Committee Schedule
Tuesday
At 10:15 a.m., the Appropriations Committee will mark up the Fiscal Year 2016 Defense Appropriations bill.
Floor Schedule
MONDAY, JUNE 1ST
On Monday, the House will meet at meet at 12:00 p.m. for morning hour and 2:00 p.m. for legislative business. Votes will be postponed until 6:30 p.m.
Legislation Considered Under Suspension of the Rules:
1)
H.R. 404
- To authorize early repayment of obligations to the Bureau of Reclamation within the Northport Irrigation District in the State of Nebraska
(Sponsored by Rep. Adrian Smith / Natural Resources Committee)
2)
H.R. 533
- To revoke the charter of incorporation of the Miami Tribe of Oklahoma at the request of that tribe, and for other purposes
(Sponsored by Rep. Markwayne Mullin / Natural Resources Committee)
3)
H.R. 1168
- Native American Childrens Safety Act
(Sponsored by Rep. Kevin Cramer / Natural Resources Committee)
4)
H.R. 979
- To designate a mountain in the John Muir Wilderness of the Sierra National Forest as Sky Point
(Sponsored by Rep. Tom McClintock / Natural Resources Committee)
5)
H.R. 336
- To direct the Administrator of General Services, on behalf of the Archivist of the United States, to convey certain Federal property located in the State of Alaska to the Municipality of Anchorage, Alaska
(Sponsored by Rep. Don Young / Transportation and Infrastructure Committee)
6)
H.R. 944
- To reauthorize the National Estuary Program, and for other purposes
(Sponsored by Rep. Frank LoBiondo / Transportation and Infrastructure Committee)
7)
S. 802
- Girls Count Act of 2015
(Sponsored by Sen. Marco Rubio / Foreign Affairs Committee)
8)
H.R. 1493
- Protect and Preserve International Cultural Property Act, as amended
(Sponsored by Rep. Eliot Engel / Foreign Affairs Committee)
H.R. 1335
- Strengthening Fishing Communities and Increasing Flexibility in Fisheries Management Act, Rules Committee Print (Structured Rule)
(Sponsored by Rep. Don Young / Natural Resources Committee)
The Rule provides for one hour of general debate and makes in order the following amendments:
Rep. Debbie Dingell Amendment
(10 minutes of debate)
Rep. Sam Farr Amendment
(10 minutes of debate)
Reps. Keating / Lynch / Moulton Amendment
(10 minutes of debate)
Rep. Alan Lowenthal Amendment
(10 minutes of debate)
Rep. Don Young Amendment
(10 minutes of debate)
Rep. Garret Graves Amendment
(10 minutes of debate)
Rep. Rob Wittman Amendment
(10 minutes of debate)
Rep. Jared Huffman Amendment
(20 minutes of debate)
TUESDAY, JUNE 2ND AND THE BALANCE OF THE WEEK
On Tuesday and Wednesday, the House will meet at 10:00 a.m. for morning hour and 12:00 p.m. for legislative business.
On Thursday, the House will meet at 9:00 a.m. for legislative business. Last votes expected no later than 3:00 p.m.
On Friday, no votes are expected in the House.
H.R. 2578
- Commerce, Justice, Science, and Related Agencies Appropriations Act, 2016 (Subject to a Rule)
(Sponsored by Rep. John Culberson / Appropriations Committee)
Possible Consideration of
H.R. 2577
- Transportation, Housing and Urban Development, and Related Agencies Appropriations Act, 2016 (Subject to a Rule)
(Sponsored by Rep. Mario Diaz-Balart / Appropriations Committee)
Possible Consideration of Legislation related to expiring provisions of the PATRIOT Act
Contact Mike
Issues
Other News
MEDIA CENTER
Memorial Day
If you are having trouble reading this message, try viewing the
web version
BIOGRAPHY
|
NEWS CENTER
|
ISSUES
|
SERVICES FOR YOU
|
2ND DISTRICT
|
CONTACT
Click Here Click Here