
Share:
Click here to view this
message in your browser
Dear Neighbors,
I recently met with students across Northwest Washington who are gaining valuable skills in science, technology, engineering and mathematics, commonly known as STEM. At Burlington-Edison High School, students showed me a robot they built that can move and stack items. Middle school students in Arlington are learning about aerodynamics and population growth estimations. And I have heard from high school students from South Whidbey Island who recently competed regionally and internationally on a project involving submarines.
These skills will help our students succeed in a globally competitive workforce. I am working to expand access to STEM education opportunities for our students, because investing in the next generation of workers means a stronger economy for us all.
Let me share some of my efforts on this issue. Earlier this month, I introduced the
Youth Access to American Jobs Act of 2015
(H.R. 2224), a bill that connects students to training in STEM skills to prepare them for good-paying jobs in manufacturing. The bill creates a pathway that engages students in STEM-related fields from their junior year in high school through community college and into an apprenticeship. By pairing education with apprenticeships, we can build a clear, affordable bridge between students and good-paying manufacturing jobs.
I am also working to make sure that as we expand STEM education, everyone has access. I am supporting two other bills that improve access to STEM for women and minorities.
The
Stepping up to STEM Education Act
seeks to engage all students, particularly minority students, with STEM through public-private partnerships and networks that expand access to STEM opportunities.
The
STEM Opportunities Act of 2015
aims to improve data collection, analysis, and best practices to increase opportunities for and improve retention of women and minorities in STEM-related fields.
Innovations and skills our students learn through STEM education will help them succeed in the workforce and keep our region&rsquo;s economy competitive and strong. Let me know what you think by visiting me on
Facebook
and
Twitter , or by
sending me a message on my website .
Sincerely,
Rick Larsen
United States Representative
Washington State, 2nd Congressional District
Sign Up for Updates
|
Contact my Office
Unsubscribe
