
June 11, 2015
WEBSITE
|
FORWARD TO A FRIEND
| SHARE ON:
Over 80 Employers Attending Career &amp; Jobs Fair
In This Week's Kline's Corner
Career &amp; Jobs Fair Monday, June 22 in Eagan
Working Together to Stop Unfair Billing by VA
Flag Day This Sunday
Over 80 Employers Attending Career &amp; Jobs Fair
Dear Friends,
More than
80 private-sector employers
who currently have job openings in a wide variety of fields including the health care, technology, financial, and retail industries will be attending my Career &amp; Jobs Fair in Eagan. I am pleased to host a jobs fair that will connect Minnesotans who are looking for a job with potential employers and with resources to enable a successful job search.
Employment assistance organizations like the Dakota County Workforce Center, and Minnesota Department of Employment and Economic Development (DEED) will be providing workshops for job seekers. If you are searching for a new job, considering a change in
your career, or exploring the job market to see what is currently available, I encourage you to attend my jobs fair or share the information with anyone they know who is looking for a job. My Career &amp; Jobs Fair is
Monday, June 22, from 9 a.m. until 1 p.m. , and is free and open to the public. You can learn more by clicking
here .
Working Together to Stop Unfair Billing Practices by VA
Recently, members of Congress were notified that the Department of Veterans Affairs (VA) discovered unbilled co-pay amounts for care provided to veterans over a five-year period. Most concerning, veterans will be assessed co-pays ranging from $1,000-$3,000 because the VA erred in not charging veterans at the time of care. These charges are expected to appear on veterans upcoming monthly statements. This VA review is likely to cause confusion, frustration, and stress for many veterans in Minnesota who sought care at the VA and I was pleased to lead my colleagues in Congress and send a
letter
to the VA demanding answers. Read more
here .
Flag Day, Sunday June 14
As we celebrate Flag Day this Sunday I am always happy to help individuals, such as yourself, honor this important part of our heritage. As we recognize Flag Day, I encourage you to visit my website at www.kline.house.gov or click here to order a flag flown over the Capitol building through my office. I take great pride in providing outstanding constituent services for those in Minnesotas Second District.
Have a great week!
John Kline
Member of Congress
TOP NEWS
John Kline Supports Bipartisan Legislation to Fund National Security, Benefits for Our Troops
Minnesota Congressman John Kline supported bipartisan legislation which passed the U.S. House of Representatives this week to fund our critical national security needs, and provide our troops and their families with benefits they were promised including access to quality health care.
One of my top priorities in Congress is to ensure our men and women in uniform are well-equipped with the resources needed to provide for our national defense and return safely home, said Kline, a 25-year veteran of the U.S. Marine Corps. At a time when threats to America continue to grow around the globe, I was pleased to support this legislation which makes the most of taxpayer dollars, strengthens our military, and fulfills our commitment to our troops, their families, and veterans.
Read more .
UPDATE SUBSCRIPTION OPTIONS
|
PRIVACY POLICY
|
CONTACT US
Click Here Click Here