
Farenthold Speaks About Warriors Weekend
Warriors Weekend is an innovative and inspiring gathering of more than 900 veterans and active duty personnel in Port O'Connor, Texas. This year's was the 9th annual Warriors Weekend and helps veterans with both physical and invisible wounds enjoy a weekend of outdoor activity and camaraderie. Check out the video of my speech on the House floor about Warriors Weekend and the good work the volunteers and donors do to honor and assist our heroes.
Upcoming District Roundtables
This week I will be hosting several round tables throughout the district so that I can update you on what I have been working on in Washington and hear your thoughts on the issues impacting our country like, the economy, immigration, national security, and Presidential overreach. See you around the district!
A Woman on the $20 Bill?
Miller High school student Andres Andrew Gonzales wrote to me as part of a class project about what it would take to get a womans picture on the $20 bill to replace Andrew Jackson. Since I was in town Friday, I decided to stop by his class and talk about it.
I explained there are three possible ways to make the change. The Secretary of the Treasury can initiate the change, the President can order the Treasury to change the design, or Congress can pass a law mandating the change (which then has to be signed by the president).
As for who to put on the bill, an online survey (and Andrews Class) thought Harriet Tubman would be the best choice. Born a slave, she fled north for freedom and later made 19 trips back to the south to help free some 300 slaves. She will be remembered as the one who taught us that every great dream begins with a dreamer.
I also spent some time talking about what its like to be a Congressman and answered students questions.
I enjoy speaking to students and if you are interested in having me visit your school, either in person or via video conference, please call my Corpus Christi office at (361) 884-2222.
House Passes Short-Term Transportation Patch
Last week the House passed the
Highway and Transportation Funding Act of 2015 , which extends highway construction programs through the end of July. Since the Highway Trust Fund will remain solvent through July, this bill does not spend new money.
I believe that it is possible to ensure our country has 21 st
infrastructure without breaking the bank, and will be working hard to advocate for transportation solutions ahead of the July deadline.
Voting yes on America COMPETES. Its time to set priorities that will benefit STEM education while more appropriately using taxpayer money.
20 May 2015
Speaking today at @ITIFdc on smart transportation and using technology to make commuting safer and less congested.
19 May 2015
In America, we have a right to privacy and that right should be upheld.
http://wapo.st/1Fvr4Pd
19 May 2015
I cosponsored the End Warrantless Surveillance of Americans Act b/c we must #restorethe4th. RT if you agree:
http://www.dailydot.com/politics/nsa-reform-bill-data-collection-surveillance-backdoors/
15 May 2015
New report states the VA misspent $6 billion dollars. This is ridiculous. What do you think?
http://www.washingtonpost.com/politics/va-improperly-spent-6-billion-on-care-for-veterans-senior-agency-leader-says/2015/05/13/ab8f131c-f5be-11e4-b2f3-af5479e6bbdd_story.html
15 May 2015
CONNECT
LATEST NEWS
Miller students get Q&amp;A with Farenthold
Corpus Christi Caller times
Farenthold Introduces Free Speech Legislation
Texas GOP Vote
Farenthold Supports PATRIOT Act Reform
Texas GOP Vote
Farenthold introduces bipartisan legislation
Nueces County Record Star
Federal Anti-SLAPP Bill Introduced in the House
Electronic Frontier Foundation
General Motors says its just loaning you your cars software
R Street Institute
SNAPSHOTS
5/20 - The Portland Chamber of Commerce hosted a luncheon last Wednesday to present graduation awards to the Leadership Portland Class X. Luis Buentello with my office presented Certificates of Special Congressional Recognition on my behalf. Congratulations to the graduating class and best of luck on your future endeavors!
5/20 - Debbie and I attended a USO service project on Wednesday to put together healthy snacks for military members and their families that will be delivered to USO centers.
5/20 - Thanks to Trevor Deason who has done great work as an intern at our Corpus Christi office. He is a graduate of TAMUCC and is now headed to St. Marys University School of Law.
5/19
On Tuesday, I spoke about the importance of technology in our transportation system. Its time to take a serious look at smart transportation and allow technology to help us make it safer and less congested.
5/18 - The El Campo Chamber of Commerce hosted their annual membership appreciation crawfish boil. Carol Wootton represented my office. Shown in the photo enjoying the crawfish is Steven Goetsch, Wharton County Commissioner Precinct 3 and his wife Peggy.
5/16 - At the Wharton Freedom Fest, I spoke about supporting America's Military and Veterans by keeping promises and providing the best healthcare benefits, equipment, and training possible. Our service men and women make sacrifices and our nation has the responsibility to care of those injured serving us.
This morning I spoke at the Armed Forces Day Celebration in Corpus Christi at Sherrill Park about making the mission of defending the nation by our brave Soldiers, Sailors, Airmen and Marines, a little easier by providing them the best tools and training in the world.
Thanks to the Corpus Christi Mayor's Committee for Veteran's Affairs and the American Legion Post 28 for hosting this event celebrating our active duty service members, reservists, and veterans.
WEBSITE
|
UNSUBSCRIBE
|
CONTACT
Click Here Click Here