
If you are having trouble viewing this
message or would like to share it on a social network, you can
view the message online .
May 15, 2015
Unsubscribe
Update My Profile
Website
|
Meet Rodney
|
11th
District
Services
|
Newsroom
|
Contact
Rodney
e-News 5/15/15
The Week:
National Security in Focus
Iran Nuclear
Agreement Review Act
Hezbollah
International Financing Prevention Act
National
Defense Authorization Act
Playing
Politics with Defense
Dutch
Connection
Salute: The Thin Blue Line
The Week: National
Security in Congress Focus
Under the Constitution,
the first duty of each and every Member of Congress is to guarantee the
security of the United States of America and its citizens. Article I,
Section 8 of the Constitution of the United States, grants Congress
the power to provide for the common defense; to raise and support
an Army; to provide and maintain a Navy.
In an era of
growing and evolving threats to our safety and security, the House this
week lived up to those responsibilities by passing several notable pieces
of legislation:
Iran Nuclear Agreement Review Act
which ensures that Congress will have a role in approving or
disapproving of any final deal that emerges from ongoing negotiations
between the Iranian regime, President Obama and various world
powers.
There are few national security priorities for our country
more important than preventing Iran from obtaining a nuclear weapon,
and any agreement that seeks to do this must include Congress
participation up front.
The Iran Nuclear Agreement Review Act (a)
prohibits the administration from lifting any sanctions over a
two-month review period, (b) forces the White House to turn over every
single page of the finalized deal's text, and (c) establishes a recurring
90-day review cycle that persists throughout the duration of the
deal.
I understand that work continues on a final agreement
with Iran. But frankly, given many of the statements I have heard
coming out of the Obama Administration AND Tehran, I am very skeptical
that we will see a verifiable, transparent and enforceable
agreement.
Read the bill
here .
Hezbollah International Financing Prevention
Act
which aims to prevent Hezbollah and associated entities from using the
international financial system to fund its global terrorist
activities.
ISIL has rightly claimed much of the spotlight recently, but
Hezbollah, a whole-owned subsidiary of the government of the Islamic
Republic of Iran, has historically killed more Americans than just about
any other terrorist organization.
That is why I have been a
cosponsor of this important legislation.
Read the bill
here .
National Defense Authorization
Act
is one of the key bills that fund our national
security operations, along with the Defense Appropriations bill I am
currently drafting with my Subcommittee.
I voted in favor of the NDAA
this morning and was pleased that it passed the
House.
Because politics should never taint our support for our troops and their
families, these bills have ALWAYS been the product of bi-partisan
construction and receive strong bi-partisan support.
It is,
therefore, extremely regrettable that Minority Leader Nancy Pelosi disregarded
this honorable tradition and prodded most democratic members of the
House to vote no on the bill, simply because she did not like the
manner in which the bill funded our overseas war on terror and the troops
that support them.
The
Washington
Post
took her to task, writing, "National Defense is a Clear
Constitutional Responsibility of the Federal Government; Fully Funding
it Should Take Priority." Read the Post editorial, Playing Politics
with Defense"
here .
Read more of
H.R. 1735, the National Defense Authorization Act for FY 2016
here .
Ten things to know about H.R.
1735:
1.
It
provides the resources for a strong national defense .
The bill
reflects both Congresss balanced budget
plan
and
the presidents budget request, and it does so in a fiscally responsible
way to ensure Americans get the most defense for the dollar.
2.
It improves
pay and benefits for our troops and their families , including
allowing servicemembers to contribute to a portable retirement plan,
cutting the backlog for military childcare, and implementing a joint
formulary for medications between the VA and the Department of
Defense.
Amid calls for better care at the VA, this is an
important step to ensure servicemembers receive the best and most consistent
treatment as they leave military service.
3.
It initiates landmark
reforms
to the Department of Defenses broken acquisition
system by streamlining the process, improving accountability, and
eliminating outdated regulations.
This will help ensure our
military has the agility and technological edge to respond to the evolving
security threats we face.
4.
It calls for greater protection of our troops
from sexual assault , including recommending expansion of sexual
assault prevention training to ROTC and Junior ROTC programs, and
enhancement of sexual assault prevention for male victims in the Armed
Forces.
5.
It reinforces the mission to defeat ISIL , including
authorizing resources for security assistance to Iraqi forces, training and
equipping Syrian rebels, enhancing Jordans military capabilities, and
approving a pilot program to counter propaganda efforts.
ISILs sophisticated use of social media was a frequent topic of
discussion during Speaker Boehners visits with key partners in the Middle
East, and he considers this kind of program vital to an overarching
strategy to defeat this threat.
6.
It imposes greater restrictions on
transferring terrorists .
In addition to continuing a
bipartisan policy that keeps terrorists out of the United States, the bill
rolls back the presidents authority to unilaterally transfer terrorists
to other countries.
This provision addresses the
administrations unlawful transfer of five top Taliban leaders from
Guantanamo Bay in exchange for Sgt. Bowe Bergdahl
an action that was taken
without notifying Congress.
7.
It strengthens oversight of terrorist
transfers and communications , withholding 25 percent of funding for the
Secretary of Defenses office until he fulfills Congresss request for
documents related to last years unlawful transfer of five top Taliban
leaders.
The bill also requires the Department of Defense to
report to Congress when former detainees attempt to re-engage and
communicate with terrorists.
8.
It strengthens the nations cyber
defenses,
including fully authorizing all U.S. Cyber Command and Military
Service programs, and boosting incentives for companies to share
information on threats and defensive measures with the Department of
Defense.
The House recently passed a series of cybersecurity
reforms.
9.
It provides for lethal aid to Ukraine , so that Ukraine can
better defend itself against Russian aggression.
In March, a
bipartisan group of House leaders wrote to President Obama urging
him to approve lethal aid based on authority he has already been
given, but he has yet to act.
10.
It improves our missile defense capabilities , including
authorizing resources for the planning and design of an East Coast
missile defense site.
As the committee notes, this follows
the presidents concessions to the Russians on missile defense, and a
recent test showing that Iran continues to develop its
capabilities.
Dutch Connection
I was honored to
accept the
" Ambassador C. Howard Wilkins Jr. Award for
Outstanding Accomplishments in Politics, Government and
Diplomacy
last night from the Netherlands-America Foundation.
The
formal partnership between our two nations dates back to the American
Revolution, which, of course, the Netherlands supported.
Our
excellent bilateral relations are based on close historical and cultural
ties as well as a common dedication to individual freedom and human
rights.
Salute: The Thin Blue Line.
We mark
National Police Week.
The job of a police officer is not easy.
Its very dangerous and often requires great personal sacrifice. So we
say a heartfelt thank you to all of our police officers and their
families for their dedicated service and daily commitment to our
communities.
We owe a special debt of gratitude to Patrick P. Montuore,
Chief of Police of Florham Park, who founded the Police Unity Tour
many years ago and which now boasts over 2000 bike
riders!
Contact Information
WASHINGTON, D.C.
2306 Rayburn House Office
Building
Washington, DC 20515-3011
(202) 225-5034
NEW
JERSEY
30 Schuyler Place, Second Floor
Morristown, NJ
07960
(973) 984-0711
Update My Profile
-
Unsubscribe
-
Privacy
Policy
