DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.0 Transitional//EN" "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml1/DTD/xhtml1-transitional.dtd"
District Update May 20, 2015
CLICK HERE
to see the pictures and graphics in this email.
Comment Period on Federal Rule Affecting Wyomings Sheep Growers
Dear Friends,
Wyoming is the proud home for many different agriculture families including farmers, cattle ranchers, and sheep growers. Wyomings sheep growing families have been helping feed and clothe America for generations.
Though these producers continue raising sheep, very few Americans remain interested in taking jobs to shepherd the animals.
So since the 1950s, to fill these shepherding jobs, many of these family businesses have by necessity been turning to foreign workers, using H2A visas for temporary guest workers.
However on April 15 of this year, the Department of Labor proposed a rule to change the regulations governing H2A guest workers.
The proposed federal rule changes the definition of open range, herding, and the nature of these jobs to the point where, I believe, they could no longer do the practical work needed. I think these one-size-fits-all federal mandates will draw a noose of red tape around our local family sheep growers and threaten to put them out of business.
Since the effects of this rule could be so dire, I and 35 of my colleagues joined to get an extension for commenting on this rule and we will continue to fight to protect our family sheep producers. With the extension,
deadline for comment on the rule is June 1, 2015 .
Feel free to let this administration know what you think about this rule change.
Click here
or go to:
http://www.regulations.gov/#!documentDetail;D=ETA-2015-0004-0001
to comment on this rule online or send written comments to:
Adele Gagliardi
Administrator, Office of Policy Development and Research, Employment and Training Administration
U.S. Department of Labor
200 Constitution Avenue NW., Room N-5641,
Washington, DC 20210
Sincerely,
This mailbox is unattended. To respond please
click here
or go to:
http://lummis.house.gov/contact/
Join the conversation! Stay connected to me through
,
,
and
I look forward to hearing from you soon!
Newsletter Sign-Up
------------------------------------
Twitter
Facebook
Youtube
Tumblr
UPDATE SUBSCRIPTION OPTIONS
|
PRIVACY POLICY
|
CONTACT US
Click Here Click Here