
We Remember. We Salute.
| May 27, 2015
Click here
if you have trouble viewing this email
Dear Friend,
All of us who enjoy the benefits of living in the greatest country must always remember that we owe a special debt to all of our fallen soldiers. It is because of them that the United States stands as a beacon of freedom throughout the world.
Do you know a Veteran who could use assistance? Feel free to
forward this email to others
to spread the word on how my office can help.
This Memorial Day was especially significant, as it marked the dedication of the first federally approved monument honoring LGBT veterans in the Abraham Lincoln National Cemetery in Elwood, Illinois. I was proud to help Stanley Jenczyk of American Veterans for Equal Rights (AVER), who spearheaded this effort, by contacting the National Cemetery Administration on the organizations behalf. It serves as a reminder of all the LGBT men and women who served and paid the highest sacrifice for our country.
Jon Pizer, LGBT Liaison (center back), and Melanie Thompson (far right), Veterans Outreach Coordinator, attended the dedication ceremony of the LGBT veterans memorial in the Abraham Lincoln National Cemetery.
I am working hard to help Veterans across Illinois Fifth District. In the past year, we have worked with 49 Veterans, helping them with benefits issues, disability claims and more. I was also honored to play in the Law Enforcement Hockey Game, which raised $70,000 for
Honor Flight Chicago
to fly 116 World War II Veterans to D.C. Know a vet who needs help? Have them call my District Office at 773-267-5926.
As the only Illinois member of the House Appropriations Committee, I have had the unique ability to fight for programs that support Veterans here in Chicago. Recently, the House of Representatives passed an important bill that funded programs to help veterans successfully transition to civilian life. One of the programs this bill funded is the
Veterans Employment and Training Service
(VETS) program, which helps veterans translate their military skills into civilian terms. It helps them with job training and even matches veterans with employers. For many veterans, readjustment benefits are crucial in helping them find employment after separating from service.
Do you know a Veteran who could use assistance? Feel free to
forward this email to others
to spread the word on how my office can help.
Do you have further questions? My office is always here to help. You can set up an appointment with my Veterans congressional aide by calling 773-267-5926.
Sincerely,
Mike Quigley
MORE NEWS FROM THE DEPARTMENT OF VETERANS AFFAIRS (VA):
The departments of Veterans Affairs and Defense have announced the launch of an online continuing education course aimed at helping
health care professionals better treat Veterans and Service members .
The VA announced a new
11-member Special Medical Advisory Group
(SMAG) composed of leading medical experts to assist the Department in delivering health care to the nine million Veterans enrolled in the Veterans Health Administration.
Veterans can now
track the status of most of their prescriptions online . The new 24/7 service allows online tracking for most prescriptions mailed from the VA Mail Order Pharmacy.
In order to expand eligibility for the
Veterans Choice Program , the VA announced that it will determine eligibility for the Veterans Choice Program based on the distance between a Veterans place of residence and the nearest VA medical facility using driving distance rather than straight-line distance, which roughly doubles the number of eligible Veterans.
Forward to a Friend
|
Share on Facebook
|
Share on Twitter
|
Permalink
Washington, DC Office
2458 Rayburn House Office Building
Washington, DC 20515
phone: (202) 225-4061
fax: (202) 225-5603
Chicago District Office
3742 West Irving Park Road
Chicago, IL 60618
phone: (773) 267-5926
fax: (773) 267-6583
Satellite Office
3223 N Sheffield Avenue
Chicago, IL 60657
UPDATE SUBSCRIPTION OPTIONS
|
PRIVACY POLICY
|
CONTACT US
Click Here Click Here