
PETITION:
Demand Boehner STOP our transportation infrastructure crisis &gt;&gt;
Our nation's infrastructure is crumbling, hurting our economy and making daily life more difficult for many across our state.
But Boehner REFUSES to discuss long-term solutions. Yesterday, his House Republicans kicked the can down the road
again , allowing for just a two-month extension of the Highway Trust Fund. Join Cheri -- sign on to tell Boehner to stop playing games and fix our infrastructure crisis:
Sign Your Name &gt;&gt;
David --
Our nation's infrastructure is falling apart. But as our roads and bridges crumble, House Republicans refuse to entertain a long-term solution to our infrastructure crisis.
Yesterday, Boehner kicked the can down the road
again , allowing for just a two-month extension of the Highway Trust Fund, a major source of funding for state transportation projects.
Infrastructure is America&rsquo;s backbone. That&rsquo;s why Cheri is calling on her colleagues to pass real, long-term solutions to our transportation infrastructure crisis.
ADD YOUR NAME:
Demand Boehner pass a long-term highway bill &gt;&gt;
Rebuilding and improving our infrastructure helps all of us.
From Illinois families hitting the road for summer vacation to businesses that rely on our highways and railways to ship their products, we all depend on a safe, efficient transportation system.
But states and businesses who rely on the Highway Trust Fund can't plan major projects if House Republicans threaten to let the program expire every other month.
This isn't how we should do business. This isn't how we should govern. And this isn't how we should plan for the future. David, sign Cheri&rsquo;s petition to demand Boehner address our infrastructure crisis: http://act.cheribustos.com/stop-infrastructure-crisis
Thanks,
Team Bustos
Paid for by Friends of Cheri Bustos
This message was sent to: dj724530@gmail.com | Change or update your email address by
clicking here .
We believe that emails are a crucial way for our campaign to stay in touch with supporters like you. However, if you'd like to unsubscribe, please
click here . If you'd prefer to receive fewer emails, you can
click here .
Our campaign is powered by supporters like you. Your grassroots support is critical to helping Cheri fight back against right-wing attacks.
If you&rsquo;d still like to unsubscribe from our emails,
click here .
If you'd like to donate to our campaign, please
click here .
Thanks for having Cheri's back!
