
If you are
having trouble viewing this message or would like to share it on a social
network, you can
view the
message online .
About
Contact
Services
Media Center
Legislation
Issues
Resources
June 21, 2015
Friends,
This Sunday marks a special occasion when we celebrate our
dads and their tremendous influence on our lives. Fathers Day is
much more than a time to give our dads ties, dress shirts or new gadgets
that will take weeks to figure out. Its about thanking our fathers
for their love, support and guidance.
Id like to take this
moment to wish all of the dads in our state a very happy Father's Day
- especially mine.
Growing up in North Carolina, I learned a lot of valuable
life lessons from my dad that I try to emulate to this day. My father
owned a residential construction company and every summer he would put
me to work. He started me out at as a boy picking up trash on
construction sites. I worked hard and learned pretty quickly how to use a
hammer so I could have more responsibility - and get off trash
duty.
Ill always be grateful he taught me the importance of a
strong work ethic.
By making me start from the bottom, he
showed me that if youre willing to work hard, you can climb the ladder
and achieve your
goals.
Another thing my dad taught me is to be
a man of integrity.
He told me to say what I mean and
mean what I say, to stay true to my beliefs, and to keep my word. Folks
in Washington could learn a lot from my
dad.
Unfortunately, for far too many politicians up there, their word doesnt mean very
much. It seems like every week theres a new scandal or government
abuse rocking the country. From the IRS using the
dog-ate-my-homework excuse to duck responsibility, to the Department of Veterans
Affairs (VA) failing to provide adequate care for our heroes, our
government agencies continue to
disappoint.
When he
established the VA, President Abraham Lincoln promised that our nation would
take care of our military personnel and their families who have served
and defended our country.
Right now, the VA is falling
extremely short of that promise.
Many of our soldiers,
sailors, airmen and Marines have endured traumatic experiences on the
battlefield and should not have to continue to fight to receive proper
care when they return
home.
Make no mistake, there are many
good and dedicated people at VA medical facilities in North Carolina
who do a tremendous job every day for our veterans.
In
fact, many of the folks working at VA facilities are veterans
themselves. The problem is the bureaucracy has gotten so massive and so out of
control that the resources are wasted and the quality of care
delivered to veterans has decreased.
This culture of
unaccountability has led to long wait times, 10,000 disability claims still in
backlog and millions of our tax dollars wasted.
Our
veterans are too often being ignored, and tragically, left without the care
they earned through their service defending our
freedoms.
While my colleagues and I will continue to fight to reshape the
culture at the VA, its high time this administration takes responsibility
and joins us to clean up the mess.
It isn't enough for
the President to say we will keep doing the same things but do them
better.
I believe service connected veterans should have the choice
to go to any doctor of their choosing and the VA should have to pay
for that medical care. Thats the way we can help end these wait times,
break down these backlogs, and put a stop to bureaucratic
corruption.
Its time for our veterans to have accountability from
the VA. They put everything on the line for our country and our
freedom; its time for us to do the same for them. God bless our veterans
and their families. God Bless our
fathers.
Until next week,
Richard Hudson
Member of Congress
(NC-08)
Concord Office
325
McGill Ave, NW
Suite 500
Concord, NC
28027
Phone: (704) 7861612
Rockingham Office
1015
Fayetteville Rd
Rockingham, NC 28379
Phone: (910) 9972070
Washington D.C. Office
429 Cannon HOB
Washington, DC 20515
Phone: (202) 2253715
Unsubscribe
|
Update My Profile
|
Privacy Policy
