
Official Site
Constituent Services
News
Contact
U.S. Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell&rsquo;s eNewsletter - - Week of June 15, 2015
McConnell on Charleston Tragedy
&lsquo;Our hearts go out to the families who have been affected by this awful tragedy.&rsquo;
This week, U.S. Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell delivered remarks on the Senate Floor regarding the tragic shootings in Charleston, South Carolina. He said, &ldquo;This is a true tragedy. It's always awful when a tragedy like this occurs, but to happen at a house of worship makes it even worse. Churches should be a place of refuge, a place where people feel safe and secure, a place of mercy, a place of compassion. The depth of loss these families must be feeling is simply awful. So I want the American people to know the Senate is thinking of them today and the victims that they love.&rdquo;
Click the image below to view the Senator's full remarks.
McConnell Secures Pro-Coal Measure in Senate Interior Appropriations Bill
McConnell joined subcommittee this year to fight back against EPA&rsquo;s War on Coal
On Thursday, Senator McConnell announced that he secured language in the Senate Interior Appropriations bill that would protect states from any consequences from the Environmental Protection Agency (EPA) should they forego submitting a state plan for complying with the agency&rsquo;s recently finalized power plant rule. Securing this pro-coal measure is very important for eastern Kentucky and builds on Senator McConnell&rsquo;s continued efforts in the fight against the President&rsquo;s War on Coal.
Bill Bissett, President of the Kentucky Coal Association (KCA), thanked the Senator for his efforts:
&ldquo;Once again, Senator McConnell is standing up for coal miners as well as the increasing number of states that have serious concerns about the Obama Administration&rsquo;s policies regarding electricity production. Protecting states that choose not to comply with the EPA&rsquo;s proposed Greenhouse Gas regulations makes sense and should be seen by the White House as a growing voice of concern against their policies that will create more economic destruction in coal mining and coal using states like Kentucky. KCA thanks Senator McConnell for his efforts, and we hope Senator McConnell&rsquo;s colleagues in the United States Senate support this effort.&rdquo;
The
National Journal
highlighted the Senator's pro-coal efforts in &ldquo;Attacking Obama's EPA,&rdquo; reporting that, &ldquo;Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell said he joined the appropriations subcommittee in charge of the Environmental Protection Agency this year to 'fight back against this administration's anti-coal jobs regulations.' Looks like he's doing just that.&rdquo; Click
HERE
to read more from
National Journal .
Click the image below to view the Senator's comments during the Senate Appropriations Committee hearing on Thursday.
Senator McConnell speaks in support of Blue Grass Army Depot on Senate Floor
On Monday, Senator McConnell spoke about the Blue Grass Army Depot in central Kentucky on the Senate Floor and called on Senate Democrats to support Kentucky defense facilities by passing the
National Defense Authorization Act .
During his remarks, Senator McConnell said, &ldquo;The depot, located in Richmond, is integral to both the Army and our national security as a facilitation site for the storage, renovation, and disposal of conventional munitions. It also serves as a reminder of the many important tasks undertaken by the Department of Defense &mdash; and one more reason Kentuckians don&rsquo;t want to see the department distracted or disrupted by partisan games in Washington. Because, after having personally implored the Department of Defense for several decades to meet our national commitment, the department is now close to completing construction of a state-of-the-art chemical demilitarization facility at the depot. That would allow for the proper disposal of dangerous chemical weapons stored there. This is important for our country and it&rsquo;s critical to the health and safety of my constituents in Central Kentucky. But it&rsquo;s also become a good jobs story for the region too. There are more than 1,400 jobs at the Blue Grass Army Depot and hiring will continue when operations at the new facility begin.&rdquo;
Click the image below to view the Senator&rsquo;s floor remarks about the Blue Grass Army Depot.
The Richmond Register
in Madison County reported:
As the National Defensive Authorization Act nears a vote in the Senate, U.S. Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell (R-Ky.) stressed the importance of its passage to not only the state of Kentucky, but to Madison County and the Blue Grass Army Depot in a speech on the Senate floor...Senator McConnell has fought to make the safe disposal of the chemical weapons stored at the depot a funding priority at the DOD. He also worked with the local community to secure legislation to ensure the program got the funding it needed.
Click
HERE
to read the full article,
&ldquo;McConnell: Defense Bill is Important to Country, Central Kentucky.&rdquo;
Last week, Senator McConnell spoke on the Senate Floor highlighting the importance of
Ft. Campbell
and
Ft. Knox
to our national security and local communities. Follow Senator McConnell's press offices on Twitter at
@McConnellPress
and
@SenateMajLeader
to stay up to date on the latest on what is happening with the
National Defense Authorization Act .
Senators McConnell and Paul: Kentucky&rsquo;s Waters Under Assault by the EPA
By now it should be clear to all that the Obama Administration's regulators at the EPA are no friends to Kentucky
On Wednesday, the
Lexington Herald-Leader
published a joint op-ed by Senators Mitch McConnell and Rand Paul. In addition to the War on Coal, the Senators wrote about another aspect of the EPA&rsquo;s power-grab&mdash;the proposed rule by EPA and the U.S. Army Corps of Engineers that would expand authority over waterways across the country.
They wrote:
It's time to stop Washington bureaucrats from telling us how to use our properties for no other reason than that they think they can. That's why we are leading the fight against these busybodies and working together to restore property rights and promote economic freedoms. Together, we have reintroduced the Defense of Environment and Property Act, which would rein in the EPA by limiting its federal jurisdiction to only those waters that are actually navigable and return control over local waters to state governments.
Click
HERE
to read the full op-ed in the
Herald-Leader.
Senator McConnell Thanks Washington, D.C. Summer Interns
On Friday, Senator McConnell thanked the seven Kentuckians who worked as interns this summer in his Washington, D.C. office. The interns are from across Kentucky: Callie Smith from Paducah, Jennifer Hicks from Lexington, Brian Babbage also from Lexington, Michelle Bowling and Peter Fulton are both from Louisville, Amber Ausley of Prospect, and Joseph Lowe of Corbin.
L-R: Peter Fulton of Louisville, Michelle Bowling of Louisville, Jennifer Hicks of Lexington, Brian Babbage of Lexington, Callie Smith of Paducah, Amber Ausley of Prospect, and Joseph Lowe of Corbin.
For more information on the internship program or the U.S. Senate Page Program, visit Senator McConnell&rsquo;s website
HERE .
In the Media
Over the weekend WHAS11-TV aired an episode of
The Powers That Be , in which Senator McConnell was interviewed by Joe Arnold about the Senate working again.
Click the image below to view the news segment.
On Tuesday, Senator McConnell and GOP Senators hosted a media stakeout in the U.S. Capitol. Click the image below to view Senator McConnell talk with C-SPAN about what he is reading this summer.
Keeping Up With Senator McConnell
Keep up with the latest news and alerts from our nation&rsquo;s capital as well as updates on things happening in Kentucky by becoming a fan of Senator McConnell&rsquo;s
Facebook
page, and get the latest news from Senator McConnell&rsquo;s Press Office on Twitter at
@McConnellPress
and on Instagram at
@McConnellPress .
For a more behind-the-scenes view of the Senate Majority Leader's office, be sure to follow
@SenateMajLdr
on Twitter and
@SenateMajLdr
on Instagram.
Get this newsletter delivered to your inbox by signing up
HERE
Official Site
|
Privacy Policy
|
Unsubscribe
