
Website
|
About
|
Contact Me
|
Serving You
|
Media Center
|
Legislative Work
|
Our District
|
Resources
May 9, 2015
The Scalise Capitol Report
Meeting the Needs of the Military and Veterans
We are in the midst of Military Appreciation Month, which is a time to recognize those who serve our nation. While it is great to show appreciation this month, we owe a debt of gratitude to the service members and veterans on a daily basis for their sacrifice defending our country. A strong national defense includes providing the necessary funding to train and house our brave men and women in uniform, while also making sure we provide the resources to give the best care to our veterans and wounded warriors. Recently, the House passed the Fiscal Year 2016 Military Construction and Veterans Affairs Appropriations bill to ensure our military and veterans receive the support and care they earned. I am also pleased with the inclusion of increased funding and strong oversight language to reduce the backlogs and help root out the culture of corruption at the Department of Veterans Affairs. Our military veterans deserve nothing but the highest quality of care.
May is Military Appreciation Month
Defending Religious Freedom
This week we celebrated our 64th annual National Day of Prayer. It was another important reminder of how important it is for our country to have the freedom to pray openly. The freedom to express our faith is one of our nation's great founding principles, and a discriminatory abortion law passed by D.C. attacks religious freedom and puts faith-based and pro-life organizations squarely in the crosshairs. This is forcing some faith-based organizations to compromise their core values and violate their religious beliefs. The radical lefts attempted attacks against the Constitution in an effort to erode First Amendment freedoms cannot go unchallenged. The House recently passed
a resolution
disapproving of D.C.'s actions and blocking D.C.s unconstitutional measure, maintaining current law, and taking a strong stand in defense of religious freedom.
Passing a Joint Balanced Budget Agreement
The Senate and House have passed a joint balanced budget agreement for the first time in 14 years. The Republican Congress has delivered on our promise to listen to and fight for the priorities of hard-working taxpayers by passing a responsible budget that balances without tax hikes and forces government to live within its means so we can grow a healthy economy and create good jobs. Our budget strengthens and secures Medicare for our nation's seniors. Our budget also repeals Obamacare once and for all, while paving the way for reforms that lower health costs and put patients back in charge of their health care choices. With this balanced budget agreement, conservatives have rejected President Obamas failed, big-government approach, and demonstrated our commitment to helping our nations citizens achieve the American Dream.
Announcing the Scalise 2015 Art Contest Winner
As Louisiana celebrates 203 years of statehood, our states vibrant culture and beautiful landscapes were showcased tremendously by the 17 young artists submissions for the 2015 Congressional Art Competition. Their love of our state shines through in their work, and reminds us all how blessed we are to be from Louisiana.
Above are the 17 LA-01 submissions for the 2015 art contes t
I want to personally thank all of the artists for participating in this competition, and wish congratulations to Theresa, whose artwork perfectly captures the theme of this year's contest: 'Louisiana: The Place I Call Home.'
Theresa from Houma has the won the 2015 art contest with A Place Made Home
It is an honor to represent you in Congress. For more information please visit my
website ,
Twitter ,
Instagram , and
Facebook
pages.
God Bless,
Steve Scalise
House Majority Whip
WEBSITE
|
UNSUBSCRIBE
|
CONTACT
Washington DC Office
2338 Rayburn HOB
Washington, DC 20515
Phone: (202) 225-3015
Houma Office
8026 Main Street
Suite 700
Houma, LA 70360
Phone: (985) 879-2300
Metairie Office
110 Veterans Boulevard
Suite 500
Metairie, LA 70005
Phone: (504) 837-1259
Mandeville Office
21454 Koop Drive
Suite 1E
Mandeville, LA 70471
Phone: (985) 893-9064
Hammond Office
1514 Martens Drive
Suite 10
Hammond, LA 70401
Phone: (985) 340-2185
Click Here Click Here