
Mail begin
If you are having
trouble viewing this message or would like to share it on a social network,
you can
view the
message online .
HOME
ABOUT ME
ISSUES
SERVICES
CONTACT
May 08, 2015
I had the pleasure
this week of visiting several southwest Missouri manufacturers and
seeing firsthand the great products created right here in our
district.
On Thursday, I toured the Springfield Coach Group, where they buy
new cars and proceed to cut them in half to turn into
limousines.
I also visited the National Audio Company, which makes a lot of
products for the Library of Congress in Washington.
Then it was on
to Leggett &amp; Platt Flex-O-Lators factory in Carthage and New Aire
Fireplace Systems in Carl Junction.
Friday, I attended a
groundbreaking ceremony in Ozark for Springfield-based Allen Global Companies
and celebrated its expansion into Kazakhstan.
Federal
trade and foreign affairs policy have a central place in many of these
businesses as well as numerous others around the district.
Over the
past five years,
12 businesses
in the
Seventh District have received Export-Import Bank assistance, helping
southwest Missouri-made products make it to the global market.
I
co-sponsor a
bill
to reauthorize Ex-Im
through 2019 and allow for continued success from Missouri businesses
abroad.
Trade partnerships build foreign
relationships and open doors for American businesses, such as Allen Global.
I hosted Kazakhstan Ambassador Kariat Umarov in August 2014 to tour
Ozarks businesses including Allen Global, which ultimately led to its
expansion of Allen Filtration Eurasia, which will soon distribute
southwest-Missouri-made products to Kazakh companies. The U.S. and
Kazakhstan have mutually benefited from our 22-year-old trade partnership,
with the perks now seen here in the Ozarks.
Also important is
Trade Promotion Authority, which is currently being crafted in
Congress and would bring us a step closer to solidifying trade deals to
benefit the American workforce and elevate Americas standing on the world
stage.
Specifically, manufactures such as Leggett &amp; Platt,
Springfield Coach Builders and Allen Filtration that do business
overseas stand to benefit from growing trade partnerships abroad, with a
better chance of opening their products to and accessing new
markets.
With more than 815,000 jobs in Missouri tied to trade,
southwest Missouri families and workers would certainly feel the benefits of
streamlined trade negotiation.
All in all, hard work
has shaped our American history.
It is a priority of mine to
help Americas manufacturers have the steam to forge a strong
future.
The best way we can build that reality is to cut Washingtons
unnecessary red tape, create a tax structure that encourages business and
maintain a strong, open global trade.
I will remain a staunch
advocate for policies to help business, create jobs and grow our
economy.
Congressman Long meets with Kevin
West and Gary Spaniak, Springfield Coach Builders vice presidents, to
learn about the business and hear of plans to expand, potentially
doubling its workforce soon.
National Audio Company owner
Steve Stepp shows Congressman Long the assembly of its audio material,
some of which is used in the Library of Congress.
The National Association of Manufacturers present Congressman
Long with the Manufacturing Legislative Excellence Award during his
stop at Leggett &amp; Platt's Flex-O-Lator facility in
Carthage.
Congressman Long visits New-Aire Fireplace Systems in Carl Junction, where
owners Dennis and Julie Ware recently celebrated one year of making
custom wood furnaces.
Congressman Long helps Allen Global
Companies break ground on a new facility to be built near Ozark and
celebrates its expansion into the Eurasia
market.
Washington
Office
1541 Longworth HOB
Washington, DC 20510
Phone: (202) 225-6536
Fax: (202) 225-5604
Springfield
Office
3232 E. Ridgeview St.
Springfield, MO 65804
Phone: (417)
889-1800
Fax: (417) 889-4915
Joplin Office
2727 E. 32nd St. Ste. 2
Joplin, MO
64804
Phone: (417) 781-1041
Fax: (417)
781-2832
Unsubscribe
|
Update My Profile
|
Privacy
Policy
gateway mail end
