
Thursday, May 21, 2015
WEBSITE
|
FORWARD TO A FRIEND
| SHARE ON:
Kline's Corner: 70 Years is Too Long
In This Week's Kline's Corner
Honoring Arnold Hjermstad
Career &amp; Jobs Fair June 22 in Eagan
Mobile Office Stopping in Kenyon, Northfield
Memorial Day: Honoring the Fallen
70 Years is Too Long
One of my highlights serving in Congress is to meet with our service members and veterans, and work with them to ensure they receive the recognition and the benefits they deserve. On Armed Forces Day
May 16
I was proud to secure and present a Legion of Merit Arnold Hjermstad, from Cannon Falls, who had been waiting more than 70 years, since the end of World War II, to be awarded this honor he earned. Hjermstad, 96, served in the U.S. Army during World War II in North Africa and Europe, and after his service
in January, 1944
was nominated to receive the Legion of Merit for his innovation and ingenuity. I encourage you to
learn more about Arnold here . You can view pictures from the event on
my Facebook page .
Career &amp; Jobs Fair June 22
in Eagan
In an effort to provide job seekers direct access to job providers in a highly competitive job market, I am hosting a Career &amp; Jobs Fair Monday, June 22 from 9 a.m.-1 p.m.at the Eagan Community Center (1501 Central Parkway). America doesnt work when hardworking people cant find the jobs or hours they need to make ends meet, and I am pleased to host a jobs fair that will provide direct assistance to Minnesotans who are looking for a job. My Career &amp; Jobs Fair is free and open to the public, and will feature private-sector employers, many of which are hiring in a wide variety of fields including the health care, technology, and retail industries. Employment assistance organizations like the Dakota County Workforce Center, and Minnesota Department of Employment and Economic Development (DEED) will be providing workshops for job seekers. For more information, please visit my virtual Jobs Search Toolkit at
http://kline.house.gov/jobs .
Mobile Office Stopping in Kenyon, Northfield
I would like to encourage Rice County residents to take advantage of the services available to them by visiting my mobile office next Wednesday, May 27. My mobile office will be at the Kenyon Library (709 2nd Street) from 11:00 a.m.-noon, and Northfield City Hall (801 Washington Street) from 2:30-3:30 p.m. Staff will be available to answer questions and help you with the processing of your passport, claiming your veterans benefits, or with any other problems youre experiencing with the federal government without having to visit my office in Burnsville.
Memorial Day: Honoring the Fallen
This Monday we pause to honor those who gave their lives to defend freedom, and remember our fallen and their families. Please join me and so many around our great state and country this Memorial Day weekend in taking a moment to honor all those who left us too soon, whose lives were cut short on distant battlefields. This is a day to celebrate their ultimate sacrifice on our behalf. The freedoms and liberties we cherish on this day are owed to the blood and sacrifice of countless Americans who answered their nations call to serve.
Best wishes,
John Kline
Member of Congress
TOP NEWS
John Kline Provisions Included in Final National Defense Legislation Passed by House
Minnesota Congressman John Klines bipartisan legislation to reverse a decision by the Pentagon which broke the promise of accessible and affordable health care benefits to our veterans was part of the National Defense Authorization Act (NDAA) which passed the U.S. House of Representatives today. Klines provision provides military retirees living outside of 100 miles from a military treatment facility the option to re-enroll in TRICARE Prime after losing access due to a policy change by the Pentagon.
Minnesota veterans and their families continue to share with me concerns about losing access to health benefits after the Pentagon unilaterally changed policy, said Kline, a 25-year veteran of the U.S. Marine Corps whose wife is a retired Army nurse and son has served three tours in Iraq and Afghanistan.
Read more .
UPDATE SUBSCRIPTION OPTIONS
|
PRIVACY POLICY
|
CONTACT US
Click Here Click Here