
[if (gte mso 9)]>
<![endif]
Rep. Bob Goodlatte
They Feel Pain
Human life is a precious gift. As a father who
has recently become a grandfather, I know that the gift of life is one that must be fiercely protected. Since the Supreme Court's decision in Roe v.
Wade more than 40 years ago, medical knowledge regarding the development of unborn babies has advanced dramatically. Extensive medical research shows
that unborn children begin to feel pain by 20 weeks after conception, and probably earlier.
Congress has the power, and the responsibility, to acknowledge these developments in our understanding of the ability of unborn
children to feel pain. Earlier this month, I was proud to vote in the U.S. House of Representatives in support of H.R. 36, the
Pain-Capable Unborn
Child Protection Act . This bipartisan legislation would ban abortions, with limited exceptions, in the United States after 20 weeks post
conception &ndash; the point at which scientific evidence shows the unborn can experience great suffering.
Click here to
watch
my speech on the House floor in support of H.R. 36.
Some have called the
Pain-Capable Unborn Child Protection Act
extreme, yet the polls demonstrate astounding public
support for the protections provided by this bill. A Quinnipiac poll found that a
majority of Americans support
a ban on abortions after 20 weeks or
earlier. Among women, 68 percent support a ban on abortion at 20 weeks or earlier, including 66 percent of single women and 71 percent of married
women. A Washington Post poll similarly found 66 percent of Americans support restrictions on abortion at 20 weeks or earlier.
As one of the few countries that allow elective, late-term abortions, America is not in good
company. North Korea and China, which are not known as bastions of human rights, also still allow this practice. However, these polls show the
American people want to change that.
Delivered or not, it has been shown
that babies can feel pain at least 20 weeks after conception, more than halfway through a pregnancy. They can feel this pain, and they deserve to
live. It is rare for the nonpartisan Congressional Budget Office (CBO) to be so confident that a bill would save lives that it makes an estimate as to
the number of lives that would be saved should it be enacted. But the CBO did just that, conservatively estimating that this bill would save 2,500
lives each year.
As Chairman of the House Judiciary Committee, I was
pleased to help shepherd H.R. 36 through the House as we took a stand for the right to life and passed legislation that provides necessary protections
for unborn children. This bill also includes provisions to protect the life of the mother, and additional exceptions for cases of rape and incest. As
the
Pain-Capable Unborn Child Protection Act
heads to the Senate for consideration, I urge my colleagues to support H.R. 36 &ndash; if not on
behalf of unborn children, then on behalf of the American voters they represent who overwhelmingly support this bill.
Court Blocks President's Executive Overreach
A court
decision out this week is another victory for the Constitution and the American people.
On Tuesday, the U.S. Court of Appeals for
the Fifth Circuit refused to lift the injunction against President Obama&rsquo;s unilaterally created immigration programs. President Obama&rsquo;s
executive overreach on immigration poses a clear and present danger to our Constitution, and I am pleased that the President&rsquo;s actions continue
to be halted so that the states&rsquo; lawsuit can continue to move forward. By acting unilaterally to rewrite our nation&rsquo;s immigration laws,
President Obama has disregarded the will of the American people and violated the Constitution. Such lawlessness must be stopped so that we preserve
the separation of powers in the Constitution and protect individual liberty.
Recent News:
Goodlatte Files Brief Opposing
Unconstitutional Immigration Actions
It was great to see a group of students from Virginia Episcopal School in Lynchburg on
their recent visit to the U.S. Capitol! If you are bringing a school group or your family to Washington, D.C. for a visit, my office is happy to help
coordinate tours of the Capitol and other landmarks. My website has
more information on tours
available, or feel free to call my
office at 202-225-5431.
###
www.Goodlatte.House.Gov
This message was
generated from an unattended mailbox.
Should you have further questions, please visit the &quot; Contact Bob &quot;
section of my website or call my office at (202) 225-5431.
This message was intended for:
dj724530@gmail.com
You were added to the system November 2, 2013.
For more information
click here .
Update your preferences
Unsubscribe
|
Unsubscribe via email
