
Washington Update | May 22, 2015
Dear Friends,
As the 114 th
Congress moves forward, I remain committed to keeping you informed about and involved in the many decisions being made in Washington, D.C.
Im proud to provide you with a brief update on the many steps being made in the U.S. House of Representatives to advance solution-based policies that build a stronger and safer America. The House remains committed and focused on moving a legislative agenda based on empowering individuals with opportunity, restoring freedom, standing up to job killing rules and regulations, and holding this Administration accountable.
For too long, the federal government has focused its efforts on moving top-down policies and regulations that ignore the needs of American families and small businesses. This we know best decision making
to the detriment of the nation and the economy
has gone on for too long.
Congressman Young discussing timber harvests in the House Natural Resources Committee.
Congressman Young Shares Memorial Day Message with Alaskans
Congressman Don Young shares a Memorial Day message with Alaskans ( click here
to view).
Happy Memorial Day, Alaska!
Memorial Day is more than picnics, fishing, and time out on the water with friends and family, its a time to remember our fallen heroes and those that have proudly served in the military.
As you celebrate Memorial Day, its important to remember the many sacrifices of our brave men and women in uniform
those that fell during conflict and those that were wounded.
We owe them a great big thank you!
I hope you and your families have a safe and wonderful time in each others company, but please remember this celebration is about those that served in the military, those that sacrificed
the ultimate sacrifice, those that fought to protect our freedoms.
God bless you and God bless our military men and women who have served this great nation in the past, in the present, and in the future.
Clear Air Force Station Selected as Location for Long Range Discrimination Radar
Clear Air Force Station located in Anderson, Alaska
The Missile Defense Agency has announced it will position its Long Range Discrimination Radar at Clear Air Force Radar Station, in Anderson, Alaska. This is a big win for Alaska and the nation.
This decision underscores Alaskas unparalleled strategic location and helps solidify our role in strengthening Americas missile defense shield. With growing threats from both North Korea and Iran, its critical that this radar system be positioned in an area that covers both these nations; Clear Air Force Station offers that location.
I proudly worked with my colleagues in Congress to secure funding and authorization for this essential project, and look forward to seeing its completion in the coming years.
Click here
to read more.
Coast Guard Authorization Passes House with Alaska Provisions
The House recently passed bipartisan legislation to advance a number of reforms and priorities to support the Coast Guards critical mission of protecting our oceans and waterways.
In addition to giving the Coast Guard the resources, tools and reforms needed to fulfill their priorities, I was proud to see the inclusion of a number of provisions to reduce burdensome regulations placed upon our mariners and fishermen, and efforts to support the disposal of shuttered federal properties in Tok, AK.
Click here
for more information.
East Anchorage High School Student Wins Congressional Art Competition for Alaska
Congressional Art Competition winner, Celebrating the Generations, drawn by East Anchorage High School student ( click here
for more information)
Each year, I have the unique opportunity to sponsor a piece of artwork from an Alaskan high school student to be displayed in the halls of Congress as part of the Congressional Art Competition. Because we have so many talented young Alaskan artists, I have partnered with the Alaska Association of School Activities (AASA) to select our winner from the many beautiful pieces competing in the All-State Art Competition.
I recently announced the 2015 Congressional Art Competition winner for Alaska, East Anchorage High School student Laura Horton who was recognized for her piece titled Celebrating the Generations.
She writes, "This drawing represents generations in Alaska. It depicts a tree, my father, and myself. The layout of the drawing lets the viewer see, in a less obvious way, the number 100, because it is the 100th anniversary of the city of Anchorage."
Lauras unique and creative art piece will represent Alaska well in the halls of Congress. Her infusion of Alaskan heritage and history will certainly captivate audiences, which will include heads of state and government, and countless Americans visiting the U.S. Capitol.
For more information, click here:
http://1.usa.gov/1Ai2HT7
Young Works to Reauthorize the Magnuson-Steven Act
This Congress, I was selected by my colleagues to lead efforts to reauthorize and update the Magnuson-Stevens Act (MSA), the primary law governing fisheries resources and fishing activities in the United States.
To ensure a proper balance between the biological needs of our fish stocks and the economic needs of our fishermen and coastal communities, I have introduced H.R. 1335, the Strengthening Fishing Communities and Increasing Flexibility in Fisheries Management Act.
This legislation provides a number of modest but necessary reforms to our fisheries management law, including efforts to: provide fisheries managers with increased flexibility and transparency; allow for improved data collection through the use of electronic monitoring; increase accountability for our federal agencies; and create predictability and certainty for coastal communities that depend on stable fishing
In many ways, the MSA continues to support Alaska fishermen and protect our fishery resource as envisioned. But as Ive learned in Congress, our laws are not written in stone and we must constantly review them, listen to our constituents and make changes when necessary.
While I have missed teaming up with Senator Stevens during this process, as we did for the first time in 1976 and for the last time in 2006, I have remember him fondly as we have worked to update the law bearing his name.
For more information on H.R. 1335, which passed the House Natural Resources Committee and is expected on the House floor during the first week of June, please
click here .
Critical Alaska Provisions Pass in National Defense Authorization
The House recently passed the Fiscal Year 2016 National Defense Authorization Act, which makes a number of significant improvements and reforms to the militarys acquisition process, workforce management, troop benefits and retirement.
Alaska fared very well through the inclusion of several important provisions, including those that fund the procurement of the F-35, missile defense, and a number of construction projects.
I was also pleased to see the inclusion of my amendments, which reaffirm the F-35 basing at Eielson Air Force Base, update the 8(a) Small Business Administration procurement process, and authorize a land transfer to Galena, AK.
For more information, check out my video below or by
clicking here .
Bicameral Legislation to Spur Future Development of Point Spencer Introduced
Senator Lisa Murkowski and I have introduced bicameral legislation to streamline development on Point Spencer by transferring 2,500 acres unused federal lands to state and local stakeholders.
Theres no question that this region is in desperate need of development, particularly as activity in the region increases and ship traffic through the Bering Strait nearly doubled in recent years.
I believe this legislation, which is both equitable and sensible, is the best path forward to ensure the interests of all stakeholders are met when optimizing the use of this critically important land.
Click here
to read more.
ICYMI: KNOM radio featured Congressman Young and Senator Murkowskis legislation in a recent news report ( click here
to listen)
House and Senate Approve Congressional Review of Iran Nuclear Deal
The House and Senate overwhelmingly passed legislation to mandate Congressional approval of an Iran nuclear deal currently being negotiated by the Obama Administration. The passage of this important legislation proves that a majority of Americans believe negotiations with Iran must include the voice of Congress. I believe as the body that set these sanctions in place, Congress must play an integral role in removing them.
Any deal to lighten sanctions must stop Iran in their tracks and take them out of the drivers seat to developing, building or acquiring a nuclear weapon, which means the inclusion of stringent transparency measures, compliance reviews, and concrete and enforceable measures to dismantle Irans nuclear weapons infrastructure.
The broad-based sanctions currently in place have brought Iran to the negotiating table, and now we must hold their feet to the fire and demand a long list of requirements before any relief can be put in place.
For more information,
click here.
House Votes to Halt Administrations Massive Expansion of Waters of the United States
Im pleased to report that the House has passed legislation to halt the Obama Administrations massive expansion of federal jurisdiction under the Clean Water Act (CWA), which would significantly change federal policy relating to U.S. waters - including ponds, ditches, culverts, and other wet areas
and significantly erode the states statutory authority to regulate waters within their own boundaries.
This proposed rule making by the EPA and Army Corps of Engineers would have dire consequences in Alaska (which is already classified as 40% wetlands) by requiring endless federal regulations and permitting for even the most reasonable activity.
Read more here:
http://1.usa.gov/1FcuCnm
Congressman Young Visits Last Frontier Honor Flight Veterans at Tomb of the Unknown Soldier
Congressman Young and the Last Frontier Honor Flight at the Tomb of the Unknown Soldier ( click here
to watch).
In late April, I had the great honor of joining 23 WWII and Korean War veterans for the Changing of the Guard at the Tomb of the Unknown Soldier in Arlington National Cemetery.
I was so humbled to meet this incredible group of veterans visiting our nations capital as part of
The Last Frontier Honor Flight, Inc.
I hope every American has an opportunity to visit Arlington National Cemeterys solemn grounds to reflect upon the service and sacrifice of our brave men and women in uniform.
Alaska Congressional Delegation Hosts 2015 Federal Grants Symposium
On Wednesday, May 27, 2015 Senators Lisa Murkowski, Dan Sullivan, and I will be holding the 2015 Federal Grants Symposium at the Denaina Civic and Convention Center in Anchorage. Attendees will have the unique opportunity to meet and visit with representatives from federal agencies offering grants and loans.
Additionally, The Foraker Group, Rasmuson Foundation, and Alaska Community Foundation will provide educational seminars highlighting information about federal grant and loan processes, along with tips to take advantage of potential funding opportunities.
WHAT:
Federal Grants Symposium
WHEN:
Wednesday, May 27, 2015; 9:00 a.m.-4:00 p.m.
WHERE:
Denaina Civic and Convention Center,
Anchorage, AK
This event is free to the public and representatives from Alaska tribes, communities, and nonprofits are welcome to attend. Space is limited and participants are encouraged to RSVP by
clicking here .
Visiting with Alaskans
Alaskan students, visiting Washington, D.C. as part of Close Up, met with Congressman Young on the steps of the Capitol for an obligatory "selfie."
Students from Healy, AK sat down with Congressman Young during a recent visit to the nations capital.
In celebration of National Small Business Week, Congressman Young visited Alaska Glacier Seafoods in Juneau, AK.
Congressman Young taking a tour of the Alaska Glacier Seafoods operations in Juneau, AK.
Congressman Young recently tested the F-35s state of the art capabilities in a cockpit demonstrator. He was happy to report her didnt crash. ( Click here
to watch a video).
The Flying Dragons, 1st Battalion, 52nd Aviation Regiment at Ft. Wainwright recently gave Congressman Young this flag of appreciation, which was flown on multiple missions in Afghanistan as well as above their HQs.
Click Here Click Here