
Saturday, June 20, 2015
WEBSITE
|
FORWARD TO A FRIEND
| SHARE ON:
Congressional Report
Dear Friends,
Please take a moment to read my latest update from Washington and Texas Congressional District 28. You can stay connected by signing up for my weekly email
here.
Meeting with the Ambassador of Mexico to the United States
On June 16, I met with Ambassador Alejandro Estivill, Deputy Chief of Mission, from the Embassy of Mexico to the United States to discuss
U.S.-Mexico relations .
Meeting with Honduran and El Salvadoran Ambassadors to the United States
On June 16, I met with Ambassador of Honduras to the U.S. Jorge Alberto Milla Reyes (left) and Ambassador of El Salvador to the U.S. Francisco Altschul Fuentes (right) to discuss issues affecting Honduras, El Salvador and the United States.
Rep. Cuellar Supports H.R. 891 to Rename Floresville Post Office
On June 16, I announced the successful passage from the House of H .R .
891, a bill I authored to rename the post office in Floresville as the Floresville Veterans Post Office Building.
Click here to view video of this announcement.
Discussing Economic Development Projects in Encinal
On June 9, my outreach coordinator for Webb, La Salle and Zapata Counties, Michael Buentello, met with Encinal Mayor Sylvano Sanchez to discuss economic development projects in the area.
Meeting with Laredo area veterans
On June 15, my constituent service representative, Sylvia Segovia, met with Laredo-area veterans and representatives from the Laredo VA Outpatient Clinic and the Department of Veterans Affairs Texas Valley Coastal Bend to answer questions about veterans care and to provide updates on services at the clinic.
Discussing Border Issues and Concerns in the Rio Grande Valley
On June 12, my southern district outreach coordinator, Nichole Hernandez, met with representatives from the cities of Granjeno, La Joya, Penitas, Sullivan City, Escobares and Roma during a Border Issues and Concerns Meeting hosted by City of La Joya Mayor Jose "Fito" Salinas.
Intern Spotlight:
Ashley Randol - San Antonio District Office
Ashley Randol is a junior studying political science at Texas Tech University and a summer intern in my San Antonio District Office.
She decided to pursue an internship in my office because she wanted to get a "behind the scenes" experience of working in a congressional office and helping constituents of District 28.
Read more about Ashley and other interns in my office
here .
Find out how to apply for an internship with my office either in the district or in D.C.
here .
TX28 Tips
U.S. Consumer Product Safety Commission - Prevent a Poisoning: Think Outside the Box
Think outside the medicine box and kitchen cabinets to all the rooms of your home. Electronic products containing coin-sized batteries, single-use laundry packets and carbon monoxide emitters such as generators and furnaces can pose poisoning risks to children.
This video from the U.S. Consumer Product Safety Commission
shows us how to prevent unintentionally poisoning.
Sincerely,
Henry Cuellar
The House is in session next week!
CONNECT
Rep. Cuellar
In the News
6/17/15, Wilson County News: Debating Made in the USA labels
6/17/15, Texas Tribune: More Judges Sought for Growing Immigration Backlog
6/17/15, Fusion: Black Hawks descend on the Mexican border gripped by accusations of excessive force
6/14/15, El Manana de Reynosa: Vigilarn Blackhawks en la zona fronteriza
6/12/15, Televisa: Con helicpteros blindados, Patrulla Fronteriza reforzar vigilancia en Tamaulipas
6/12/15, NTN24: Barack Obama intenta garantizar aprobacin de un acuerdo comercial con pases del Pacfico
6/12/15, KGNS: Blackhawk helicopters land in Laredo
6/12/15, San Antonio Current: Cross-Border War Of Words Erupts Following Chopper Shooting
6/12/15, Daily Mail: Obama makes personal plea ahead of razor-edge U.S. Congress trade vote
6/12/15, The Ripon Advance: Emmer: TPA passage vital to support U.S. jobs
Neighborhood Office Hours
Tuesday, June 23 rd
Poteet City Hall
474 Avenue H
10:00am - 11:00am
Poteet, TX
Lytle City Hall
14916 Main
12:00pm - 1:00pm
Lytle, TX
Have a question about neighborhood office hours? Call my toll free number at 877-780-0028
NOTE: Please DO NOT respond to this email as this inbox is unattended. To contact my office please
click here
UPDATE SUBSCRIPTION OPTIONS
|
PRIVACY POLICY
|
CONTACT US
Click Here Click Here