DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.0 Transitional//EN" "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml1/DTD/xhtml1-transitional.dtd"
District Update June 5th, 2015
CLICK HERE
to see the pictures and graphics in this email.
Watch this week's dose
of common sense
HERE .
EPA Rule Claims Control of Wyoming Water
Dear Friends,
On the heels of Memorial Day weekend, the EPA announced finalization of the Waters of the United States (WOTUS) rule.
Governors, state officials, and stakeholders across the country voiced concerns over the rule and the possible far-reaching effects it may have over state and local management of waters.
I agree with concerned people across the country that this is nothing short of a federal seizure of state waters to the point where very few, if any, bodies of water will be left to state or local management and that water rights, economic growth, and local conservation efforts will suffer.
Instead of working with the local officials and state agencies who know their needs the best, citizens will now have to depend on the federal bureaucracy for management of our most precious natural resource: our water.
It has been reported that Brian Deese, President Obamas top environmental adviser, has said: The only people with reason to oppose the rule are polluters who want to threaten our clean water.
This statement does not sum up opposition to the rule.
I want management of our water to be at the most local level possible because it is the local people who truly understand the local environment and the smaller water bodies traditionally subject to state jurisdiction.
Relying on federal bureaucrats thousands of miles away to manage all of our water is, I think, not only inefficient, but dangerous since they do not understand these waters or local needs like our local communities do.
We have bipartisan bills addressing this rule being advanced in both the U.S. House and Senate.
I think it is high time Congress stepped in and made sure the EPA does not have final say over this.
Please
share your thoughts and concerns
with me on these or any other issues as I continue to work to keep Wyoming water under Wyoming management.
Sincerely,
This mailbox is unattended.
To respond please
click here
or go to:
http://lummis.house.gov/contact/
Join the conversation! Stay connected to me through
,
,
and
I look forward to hearing from you soon!
Newsletter Sign-Up
------------------------------------
Twitter
Facebook
Youtube
Tumblr
UPDATE SUBSCRIPTION OPTIONS
|
PRIVACY POLICY
|
CONTACT US
Click Here Click Here