
District Update | June 2, 2015
Click here
if you have trouble viewing this email
On Memorial Bridge...
I know that for many of you, your rush hour commute just worsened.
Two of the six lanes on Arlington Memorial Bridge closed for urgent repairs. This is unfathomable in a region already burdened with some of the worst traffic congestion in the country. This is not just a symbol, but the reality, of our failure to invest in our nations infrastructure.
Earlier this week, I joined Senator Tim Kaine, Delegate Eleanor Holmes Norton, National Park Service Director Jonathan Jarvis, U.S. Transportation Secretary Anthony Foxx, and U.S. Interior Secretary Sally Jewell to highlight this dire situation.
The United States in the richest country in history. We are the democratic leader, the military leader, the human rights leader, the financial leader and the education leader of all the world. Now we must be the investment leader -- the country that invests in our infrastructure today, for our children and grandchildren.
Thankfully, the National Park Service and the Federal Highway Administration are ensuring the safety of the thousands of commuters and tourists who travel the Memorial Bridge every day. The precautionary measures in place will ensure that the bridge is safe to travel. I hope that these actions will help extend the life of the bridge while emergency repairs take place.
Most of us know the Memorial Bridge was built to symbolize the coming together and reunification of a fractured nation following the Civil War. It connects the North with the South, and links the memorial built to honor Abraham Lincoln with Arlington House
the former home of Robert E. Lee. And now it is unfortunately the powerful illustration of the declining condition of our transportation infrastructure, as one of nearly 70,000 bridges in the U.S. deemed structurally deficient.
For those of you who work in Washington and have flexible schedules or telecommuting options, I urge you to take advantage of these at least for the six-to-nine month duration of the bridge work. That will help the short-term problem. In the meantime, my colleagues and partners in government will continue to work together to find long-term solutions.
Thank you so much for reading,
TAKE A LOOK
You can watch my full remarks
here .
TOP NEWS
I have already introduced
4 bills and 3 floor amendments
- and I
passed
my first bill!
I am proud to serve on the House Committees on
Natural Resources , Ranking Member of the
Oversight Committee
on
Science, Space, and Technology , and the
Joint Economic Committee .
I will always stand up for
equal pay
and
Paid Family Leave
and will use my time in Congress to promote women's economic empowerment.
I will
proudly combat
the causes and effects of climate change every day in the House.
I will fight for the
Middle Class
and the
Federal workforce
and do all I can to help build a new American economy.
My office has already gotten almost 45,000
letters
and arranged over 1,000
tours !
See my response to our #1 letter!
Learn about my first job!
Did you know that the 8th District was one of the most diverse in the country?
Forward to a Friend
|
Share on Facebook
|
Share on Twitter
|
Permalink
Washington, DC Office
431 Cannon HOB
Washington, DC 20515
Phone: (202) 225-4376
Fax: (202) 225-0017
District Office
5285 Shawnee Road, Suite 250
Alexandria, VA 22312
Phone: (703) 658-5403
Fax: (703) 658-5408
UPDATE SUBSCRIPTION OPTIONS
|
PRIVACY POLICY
|
CONTACT US
Click Here Click Here