
Miller Newsletter
June 7, 2015
Washington Update
House Continues its Work on Advancing Appropriations Measures in Regular Order
The House passed its fourth annual appropriations bills last week, H.R.2578, the
Commerce, Justice, Science, and Related Agencies Appropriations Act, 2016,
which was considered under an open rule, allowing all Members the opportunity to offer amendments to the bill on the House Floor.
H.R.2578 would
provide funding for federal agencies and administrations including the Department of Commerce, Department of Justice and NASA, among others.
As with other areas of our budget, the House has made a commitment to prioritize funding for crucial national security components to fulfill our Constitutional duty to keep our Nation and her citizens safe.
That is why the bill increases funding for key law enforcement activities, with a focus on counterterrorism, counterintelligence and cybercrime, and provides robust support for the FBI, United States Marshals Service, the ATF, and the DEA.
Importantly, the bill also includes prohibitions on the transfer of Guantanamo Bay detainees to the U.S., and it would prohibit funds from being used to construct or modify any domestic facilities that would be used to hold these detainees.
In addition, the bill makes prudent investments to preserve our Nations status as the leader of the global economy, fostering American innovation and supporting economic development.
Funds in the bill would help target research into areas that will help us in the 21st century economy with advanced manufacturing, STEM education, neuroscience, and cybersecurity, while also improving weather forecasting abilities that help protect communities like ours in Northwest Florida that are prone to natural disasters.
Finally, the bill includes a number of important conservative priorities.
The bill would uphold Second Amendment protections by prohibiting funding for an unauthorized reporting and registration requirement regarding the sale of multiple rifles to the same person, making permanent prohibitions on further Fast and Furious-type gunwalking operations, prohibiting license requirements to export firearms and parts to Canada and prohibiting the ban on the importation of certain shotguns.
In addition, the bill includes an important provision that I strongly support that would ensure that American sovereignty is upheld by prohibiting funds to implement the U.N. Arms Trade Treaty.
H.R.2578 also upholds the right to life by prohibiting federal funds from being used to pay for an abortion, except in the case of rape or to preserve the life of the mother, and by including conscience protections so that individuals will not be required to participate in acts that they find unconscionable.
In total, H.R.2578 would freeze or cut funding for nearly 30 programs, rescind nearly $400 million in prior-year funds, and maintain strict Congressional oversight of agency spending.
I voted for this bill, which passed the House 242-183, and I urge my colleagues in the Senate to bring up the bill for a vote.
House Passes Bill to Strengthen Fishing Communities and Increasing Flexibility in Fisheries Management
Last week, the House also passed H.R.1335, the
Strengthening Fishing Communities and Increasing Flexibility in Fisheries Management Act , which would reauthorize the
Magnuson-Stevens Fishery Conservation and Management Act
(MSA).
MSA is the primary law governing the management of fisheries in offshore federal waters, and, as a result, it is especially important for coastal communities like Northwest Florida.
H.R.1335 would update MSA to help promote a thriving fishery by increasing transparency through expanded public involvement and comment, improving the data used to make management decisions by incorporating state and local data, and granting regulatory flexibility to allow for increased regional decision making that meets the needs of individual communities.
I voted for H.R.1335, which passed the House by a vote of 225-152, and I look forward to continuing to work with my colleagues to ensure that Gulf Coast fishermen have access to robust and sustainable fisheries.
Passage of H.R.1335 came in the same week that the Red Snapper season began for recreational anglers.
Unfortunately, as in recent years, the 2015 snapper season is far too short to ensure that anglers from the Gulf Coast and throughout the country have enough time to access this public resource.
I will continue to work with my colleagues in Congress to improve red snapper management so that it works for all sectors of this vital fishery.
Meeting with Pensacola Mayor Ashton Hayward
I met with Pensacola Mayor Ashton Hayward last week to discuss the water intrusion and mold situation at the Federal Courthouse in Pensacola.
I understand the severity of the disrepair and the serious health risks posed by these issues, and I recently brought colleagues from Congress, including Chairman Bill Shuster of the House Transportation and Infrastructure Committee, to see the problems first hand.
Following our tour, the House Transportation and Infrastructure Committee passed a resolution directing the General Services Administration (GSA), the body responsible for maintenance of the courthouse, to report within 120 days on how they plan to address this situation and provide a long-term solution.
I thank the Mayor for stopping by during his visit, and I will continue to work with my colleagues in Congress until the problems at the courthouse are resolved.
Congressman Miller with Mayor Ashton Hayward
Meeting with Colonel Ted Fordyce
Last week, I had the opportunity to sit down with Colonel Ted Fordyce, Director of Legislative Affairs, U.S. Special Operations Command and constituent of Florida's First Congressional District.
Over the past three years while serving as Director of Legislative Affairs and previously as the 1st Special Operations Wings Vice Commander, I have worked with Colonel Fordyce, and he has become a good friend of mine.
It was bitter sweet to hear that he will be retiring from the Air Force in July after 28 years of selfless service to our Nation and more than a dozen deployments combined to Afghanistan and Iraq.
I wish him and his family the best of luck as they transition into civilian life and look forward to working with his successor in support of the Special Operations community.
Congressman Miller Meeting with Colonel Ted Fordyce
American Pizza Community Meeting with Constituent Paul Robinson, Franchisee Owner of Papa John's Pizza
Paul Robinson, a constituent and Papa Johns franchisee in Northwest Florida, stopped by my office last week while he was in Washington to attend the American Pizza Communitys legislative fly-in.
We had the opportunity to discuss a range of issues that are crucial to the health of both the pizza industry and many other small businesses, including rolling back Obamacares 30-hour work week redefinition, comprehensive tax reform, the National Labor Relation Boards harmful joint employer rule, and menu labeling regulations.
As a proponent of limited government and a strong supporter of small businesses, I will continue to push back against federal actions that inhibit the ability of small businesses to grow and create jobs.
Congressman Miller meeting with Paul Robinson
Oman National Bank Executive Chairman, Mohammed Al-Ardhi
I also met with Mr. Mohammed Al-Ardhi, the Executive Chairman of the Oman National Bank.
With Oman as key member of the Gulf Cooperation Council and its strategic position at the mouth of the Persian Gulf, we discussed the troubling state of the Middle East and the instability of neighboring Yemen.
As the former Chief of the Omani Air Force for nearly a decade, Mr. Al-Ardhi and I also spoke to the importance of the ongoing U.S.-Oman military-to-military relationship, as well as my work as Chairman of the House Veterans' Affairs Committee.
I appreciate Mr. Al-Ardhi for stopping by my office during his visit to Washington and for his continued service and leadership.
Congressman Miller Meeting with Former Congressman from Florida, Cliff Stearns; Executive Chairman of the Oman National Bank, Mohammed Al Ardhi; and Former United States Senator from Michigan, Donald W. Riegle, Jr. (L-R)
Veterans Corner
71st Anniversary of D-Day
On June 6, 1944, 73,000 Americans joined 83,000 Allied troops to launch what is perhaps the most important amphibious operation in modern history - courageously storming the heavily defended beaches of Nazi-controlled Normandy. This decisive battle was supported by nearly 7,000 Allied naval vessels, and, in total, Allied aircraft flew more than 14,500 sorties. D-Day established the Allied foothold into Fortress Europe, and ultimately lead to victory in World War II.
We must never forget, however, that the great gains made that day came at an immense cost. 2,499 brave Americans lost their lives, and total allied fatalities numbered 4,413, according to the National D-Day Memorial Foundation. While words can never express the depth of our Nations gratitude, I humbly thank all of those from the Greatest Generation who took part in this daring operation, and ask that we all take a moment of solemn remembrance for those who sacrificed their lives in defense of freedom and liberty on the beaches of Normandy.
I would like to share President Roosevelt's prayer, which remains as poignant today as it was 71 years ago when he took to the radio to tell the Nation that our brave troops had landed in France. Please click on the image below to hear President Roosevelt's prayer.
Click on the image above to listen to President Roosevelt's D-Day Prayer
House Committee on Veterans' Affairs Subcommittee on Economic Opportunity Legislative Hearing
On Tuesday, I took the opportunity to testify at the House Committee on Veterans' Affairs Subcommittee on Economic Opportunity Legislative Hearing on two of my bills: H.R.1994, the
VA Accountability Act of 2015
and H.R.2275, the
Jobs for Veterans Act of 2015 .
The
VA Accountability Act of 2015
addresses current civil service rules that make it nearly impossible to properly hold employees accountable by providing the VA Secretary with yet another tool to remove any VA Employee for poor performance or misconduct and further protect whistleblowers.
In addition, H.R.1994 would require a minimum probationary period for new VA employees to last at least 18 months, instead of the current period of one year, and would require the Government Accountability Office to conduct a study of VA time, space, and resources devoted to labor union activities.
I believe that 99 percent of VA's more than 300,000 employees are dedicated and hard-working and are not part of the problem.
The fact remains, however, that more than a year after the biggest scandal in VA history, the Department has fired only one employee for wait time manipulation, and my bill would give the Secretary the tools he needs to hold employees accountable.
The
Jobs for Veterans Act of 2015
would realign all education and training programs for veterans into the new Economic Opportunity and Transition Administration at VA and would transfer the Veterans Employment and Training Service from the Department of Labor to this new Administration within VA.
By bringing all employment and training programs under one roof, as H.R.2275 does, this bill would eliminate duplication, streamline processes, and most importantly improve employment opportunities for veterans.
To view my complete testimony, click on the image below.
Click on the image above to view Chairman Miller's testimony at the June 2 House Committee on Veterans' Affairs Subcommittee on Economic Opportunity Hearing.
Start at 22:27.
Meeting with Larry Jasinski, CEO ReWalk
Last week, I met with Larry Jasinski, CEO of ReWalk Robotics, to discuss exoskeleton devices and receive an update on the strides ReWalk has taken since June 2014, when the FDA cleared ReWalk's exoskeleton for rehabilitation. The Department of Veterans Affairs has since set up a steering committee charged with creating a national policy on reimbursement for exoskeleton devices. I look forward to the steering committee's findings, and the potential impact these systems will have on our veterans' community in providing our warriors the opportunity to experience the physiological and psychological benefits associated with this revolutionary technology.
Chairman Miller with Larry Jasinski, CEO, ReWalk; Denny Rehberg, Mercury and
former Congressman from Montana ; Mrs. Laureano, spouse of U.S. Army Veteran, Gene Laureano; U.S. Army Veteran Gene Laureano; and Jodi Gricci, VP Global Marketing, ReWalk (L-R)
In the District
Eagle Scout Ceremony
I had the opportunity to attend the Eagle Scout Ceremony for one of Northwest Floridas many bright future leaders: Benjamin Stott.
Eagle Scout is the highest rank of the Boy Scouts of America, and it is a reflection of years of hard work and dedication.
I was glad to present Benjamin with a flag flown over the U.S. Capitol and a letter congratulating him on this admirable achievement.
Congressman Miller with Eagle Scout, Benjamin Stott
In the News
Miller Media Clips
To read some recent press clips highlighting my work on behalf of Florida's First Congressional District and our Nations veterans and servicemembers, visit the links below:
Lawmakers push to keep waters off Florida drill-free
What Do 99 Percent of Federal Employees Have in Common?
Debate Over Making It Easier to Fire Feds Dominates VA Hearing
VA suspends two over psychic work party
Former VA director Michael Moreland received another bonus before resigning in 2013
Report: VA Official Used Her Title To Persuade Employees To Pay For Psychic Readings
As always, I welcome your comments. To share your thoughts on legislation, votes or issues, please visit http://jeffmiller.house.gov/ to send an e-mail or call any of my offices.
Thanks,
Jeff
Click Here
to view this email in your browser
Click Here
to be removed from this list