
Web Site
|
About Tom
|
Issues
|
Serving You
|
Media
|
Contact
Reed Introduces Legislation to Counter Common Core Mandated Testing
As standardized testing continues in schools across the country, I would like to highlight a piece of bipartisan legislation that Congresswoman Rosa DeLauro (D-CT) and I introduced which aims to put power back in the hands of parents when it comes to education of their children.
The EMPOWER (Enable More Parents to Opt-Opt Without Endangering Resources) Act would allow parents to opt-out of annual standardized testing required for their children, such as the assessments aligned with Common Core, with no effect on federal funding for the school district.
Unfortunately, as parents began to opt-out their children from testing, many school districts saw their federal funding in jeopardy, putting those school districts in difficult financial situations.
I do not believe our school districts should be punished because parents exercise their choice regarding testing for their children. Tens of thousands of parents have already opted their children out of required public school testing and both students and teachers alike have felt the financial sting for non-compliance. It simply is not fair to take away resources needed to help further our children&rsquo;s education and we must protect them from harmful funding cuts because of testing participation.
This legislation has also received support from both the National Education Association and the New York State Teachers Union, as well as the Home School Legal Defense Association.
Reed: New York State Must Repeal Fracking Ban
Last week, I called for the repeal of Governor Cuomo&rsquo;s ban on hydraulic fracturing. Just this past week, the Environmental Protection Agency released an assessment that determined hydraulic fracturing has not led to significant impacts to drinking water resources.
In this
study , comprised of over 950 sources of information including published research papers, technical reports, input from stakeholders, and peer-reviewed EPA scientific reports, the EPA deemed hydraulic fracturing is safe for the local water supply.
Hydraulic fracturing has undergone a great deal of innovation in the past sixty years, making domestic energy resources available which previously could not be recovered. As a result, the natural gas resources which can now be accessed are larger than previously thought and pose an opportunity for our country to reduce our dependence on middle east crude oil. It also presents an opportunity to lower utility bills and create jobs and career opportunities in our region.
In light of this conclusion reached by the EPA, I have called on Governor Cuomo to reverse his unilateral decision to ban fracking in New York State. If this science is good enough for the Obama Administration&rsquo;s Environmental Protection Agency, then it should be good enough for Governor Cuomo.
Reed Stands with Sexual Assault Victims, Law Enforcement, and Property Owners through Appropriations Process
As the House continues the appropriations process to assign funding to various agencies and programs for fiscal year 2016, I was proud to have supported the
Commerce, Justice and Science Appropriations Act ,
the Transportation, Housing and Urban Development (THUD) Bill
and the Department of Defense Appropriations Act over the past two weeks. These pieces of legislation provide assistance to sexual assault survivors, support for our local law enforcement, and aid our military operations domestically and abroad.
The Commerce, Justice and Science Appropriations Act, passed on June 3, 2015, increases funding for a number of vital programs for sexual assault survivors to ensure victims have access to a well-funded, impartial judicial system and the resources they need for recovery. I care deeply about survivors of sexual assault and their recovery. This legislation sufficiently funds the programs necessary to ensure survivors are properly cared for and also includes funding increases to programs aimed at preventing sexual assault, including the Violence Against Women Prevention and Prosecutions programs.
In addition to sexual assault awareness and prevention funding, the Commerce, Science, and Justice appropriations provides our local law enforcement officers with the necessary resources to continue doing a great job throughout our communities. Our local officers put their lives on the line for us every day and this legislation offers financial assistance to local and state law enforcement entities to improve and strengthen their functions across the states.
The THUD appropriations, passed on June 9, 2015, contained key funding to continue moving forward a plan for 21st-century transportation and infrastructure. Also included in this bill was an important provision to protect private property owners. The provision prevents all levels of government from using federal funding for projects that use Eminent Domain, specifically for private economic development. I care about protecting the rights of property owners and this bill protects them from an overreaching government.
The Department of Defense Appropriations Act, passed on June 11, 2015, provides funding for our military and defense operations. This funding is crucial as it not only supports the day-to-day functions for the agencies at the Department of Defense, but it also provides a pay raise to the men and women serving our country. These brave servicemen and women serve our country valiantly and ensure that you and I can continue to live in a free country. It is only fair that we must give our greatest consideration to them and all those who have served our country before them.
As the son of a career Army officer, I was proud to support this legislation to ensure our troops are cared for properly and the Department of Defense has the resources necessary to carry out various missions to keep our country safe.
These bills now go onto the Senate for additional consideration.
Mail Time: Supporting Accountability and Transparency for Trade
Constituent Services is one of my top priorities.
I, along with my staff, strive to be accessible and responsive to your needs and concerns. That is one of the reasons we have begun a new section within our e-newsletter called &ldquo;Mail Time&rdquo;. In this column, I will take a few moments to address an issue or a piece of legislation that constituents from across the district have called, emailed, or wrote to my office regarding their thoughts.
This week, I want to address legislation regarding Trade Promotion Authority or &ldquo;Fast Track&rdquo;.
This legislation will hold the Obama Administration accountable and ensure transparency for the American people when the government negotiates trade agreements. I share your concerns regarding this Administration, or future administrations, unilaterally negotiating secret trade deals. That is why I supported this legislation that gives Congress not only the final say on trade agreements, but also allows Congress the ability to set minimum standards for negotiating these agreements.
Trade Promotion Authority establishes over 150 baseline conditions that the President must meet when negotiating trade agreements. These requirements are intended to protect American jobs by stopping foreign nations from cutting their business costs unethically, which often undercuts American workers and businesses.
With 95% of the world&rsquo;s population living outside of America&rsquo;s border, we must ensure the American worker has access to foreign markets on a level playing field. In order to create more opportunity and more high-paying jobs here at home, we need to sell more American-made products and services overseas. Trade Promotion Authority helps make that happen.
If a trade agreement is not a good deal for the American people, I will not support it. For more information on my position on trade, please click
here .
Reed to Host Town Hall Meetings June 20
I will be hosting three town hall meetings on June 20. The times and locations are as follows:
9:00AM: Ithaca town hall meeting held at Room 146 Morrison Hall, Cornell University, Ithaca.
12:15PM: Geneva town hall meeting held at 79 Geneva Street, Geneva.
2:45PM: Jerusalem town hall meeting held at 3816 Italy Hill Road, Branchport.
____
Thank you for subscribing to my e-newsletter. Please stay in touch and share your views by calling one of my offices or visiting my
website . Additionally, I encourage you to visit my
Facebook
page or follow me on
Twitter
where we can continue our conversation.
OFFICE LOCATIONS
Washington, DC 2437 Rayburn HOB
Washington, DC 20515
(202) 225-3161
Corning
89 W. Market St
Corning, NY 14830
(607) 654-7566
Olean
One Bluebird Square
Olean, NY 14760
(716)379-8434
Geneva
433 Exchange St
Geneva, NY 14456
(315)759-5229
Jamestown
2 East 2nd St Suite 300
Jamestown, NY 14701
(716) 708-6369
Ithaca
401 E. State St. Suite 304-1
Ithaca, NY 14850
(607) 222-2027
Privacy Policy
Unsubscribe
