
Friday, May 22, 2015
WEBSITE
|
FORWARD TO A FRIEND
| SHARE ON:
No Drilling Off Florida's Coast
Dear Friends:
Congress just finished up a two-week voting period in Washington, and I've got some updates for the Palm Beaches and Treasure Coast that I wanted to share with you.
From working on environmental issues to protect our beaches and coast to ensuring Congress has a role in the efforts to prevent Iran from producing nuclear weapons, there has been no shortage of things to do for our area.
Please take a moment to see some of the highlights of our work.
As always, if there is anything I can do for you, please do not hesitate to contact us.
Be sure to follow the work I'm doing in the House on
Twitter
and on
Facebook .
Sincerely,
Patrick Murphy
Leading the Effort to Stop Offshore Drilling
Last week, I was proud to lead a bipartisan effort in the House of Representatives to
put a ban on offshore drilling exploration off Florida's coast .
Seismic testing, the first step in this process, could wreak havoc on marine life and coastlines up and down the eastern United States.
We simply cannot let that happen.
The bill, cosponsored by fellow Florida Reps. Bil Posey (FL-08), Gwen Graham (FL-02), Kathy Castor (FL-14), Alcee L. Hastings (FL-20), Lois Frankel (FL-22), Debbie Wasserman Schultz (FL-23), and Frederica Wilson (FL-24) ensures that this initial testing does not take place.
Just this week, some of the leading environmental groups in the country officially endorsed this bill.
Floridians oppose even the possibility of drilling off of our coasts, and I will continue to work with people across our state to protect the environmental treasures we cherish.
You can read more about the bill, and the groups supporting this effort, by
clicking here .
Oversight of Iran Nuclear Agreement
To this day, Iran remains one of the biggest threats to our national security.
There is a long history of distrust with Iran and every effort should be made to ensure they cannot acquire or develop nuclear weapons.
As a result of this distrust and their illegal pursuit of nuclear weapons, Congress imposed severe sanctions on the country.
As the Obama Administration continues to negotiate a potential agreement with Iran, I have repeatedly said that these sanctions can't be lifted without Congressional approval and Congress must continue to play an oversight role.
I was proud to support a bipartisan effort in the House and Senate to give Congress the ability to review any final agreement negotiated by the administration.
This is an important step in the process, and as a member of the House Intelligence Committee, I will remain actively engaged in these negotiations. You can read more from my statement on the bill's passage by
clicking here .
Protecting a Woman's Right to Choose
A woman's right to choose is just that - her right.
I've always held this belief.
Unfortunately, some of my colleagues in the House of Representatives do not feel the same way.
Last week, I voted against legislation that would severely restrict a womans ability to make her own medical decisions.
These are decisions that rest with a woman and her doctor - not politicians in Washington.
With so many more important things to do to help Floridians and the American people, I was very disappointed to see Congress continue down this divisive path.
Rest assured, I will always stand up to protect a woman's right to choose and oppose any attempts to undermine her constitutionally-given right.
Jacksonville Sun Times: Florida Reps. seek to block oil drilling off of Florida's Atlantic coast
A coalition of Florida representatives have aligned to block testing for oil drilling off of Floridas Atlantic coast.
There are no laws on the books to protect Floridas Atlantic coast from drilling, though there is one for the Gulf Coast. Sen. Bill Nelson is sponsoring the Senate version of the bill. Nelson told the Tampa Bay
Times , Drilling off Floridas Atlantic coast would be unwise and impractical.
Read More
NOTE: Please DO NOT respond to this email as this inbox is unattended. To contact my office please
click here
UPDATE SUBSCRIPTION OPTIONS
|
PRIVACY POLICY
|
CONTACT US
Click Here Click Here