
May 31, 2015
Friends,
This Memorial Day, I was encouraged to see so many of my fellow Nevadans taking time to remember what the day is all about: honoring the fallen military members who served so bravely for our freedom.
Memorial Day, the day we pause to honor our heroes who have served and died, is a chance for the nation to mourn, and pay honor and tribute to those who have given their all.
The rest of this week I spent visiting the western side of the 4th Congressional District, where I met with a number of veterans, visited Hawthorne Army Depot, and focused on the
jobs
and economic progress in these rural communities.
(Scroll down for photos!)
While I was on the road in Beatty, Nevada, the Obama Administration released the Environmental Protection Agency's ruling on Waters of the United States (WOTUS), which goes against the wishes of Congress, state and local leaders, and millions of Americans who will be affected most by it -- many of whom live in the very communities I visited this week.
Click here to read more of what I have to say about this ruling.
Another big piece of news for Western states came this week: federal land use plans for the Greater Sage Grouse.
Here's why conservation efforts are best left to local people who know and use the land.
In my last e-newsletter, I told you I'm also concerned about how long we've kept our Pahrump and Nye County veterans waiting for a new clinic. When I hear stories like that of Vietnam Veteran Jerry Dumont ( click here to watch KSNV News 3's segment on
him ), it hits home how critical it is that we hold the VA accountable to move forward quickly to provide more accessible, quality healthcare for the more than 8,000 veterans in that area.
Click here to read the letter I sent to Secretary of Veterans Affairs Robert A. McDonald, demanding progress on this much-needed facility.
Speaking of taking care of our veterans,
I need your help
spreading the word that this
Friday, June 5 , my office is hosting a
Veterans Care Fair , to bring together a wide array of
more than 25 veteran-focused organizations . Veterans who recently separated from the military or are new to the area might not know about the incredible people all across our community ready to serve. Let's show them our support!
Tell a vet today, and
click here for more details .
Lastly, if you arent already doing so, be sure to keep up with me on
Facebook ,
Twitter
and
YouTube , where you can find more in-depth content about how Im serving you on a daily basis.
Serving you,
Cresent Hardy
Member of Congress
May 25-29 - Photos in the District
"To the families of those lost, may I say that while we can't fully understand your pain, we grieve with you as a community and as a nation. Memorial Day gives us a moment to simply say, 'Thank you.'"
|
MESQUITE, Nev. -- Congressman Cresent Hardy (NV-04) addresses attendees of the Memorial Day ceremony held at the city's Veterans Memorial Park.
MESQUITE, Nev. -- Congressman Cresent Hardy (NV-04) greets a World War II veteran following the Memorial Day ceremony held at the city's Veterans Memorial Park.
BOULDER CITY, Nev. -- Congressman Cresent Hardy (NV-04) observes Memorial Day at the Southern Nevada Memorial Cemetery, seated alongside Congressman Joe Heck (NV-03) and Henderson City Councilwoman Gerri Schroder (Ward 1).
HAWTHORNE, Nev. -- Congressman Cresent Hardy (NV-04) meets with U.S. Army Lieutenant Colonel Greg Gibbons, commander of Hawthorne Army Depot, the largest-capacity munitions storage facility in the world, located in Nevada's 4th Congressional District. The colonel and his team shared with the congressman the vast array of munitions in archival storage there, as well as the critical way the facility helps ensure the U.S. complies with munitions disposal requirements under international treaties to which the U.S. is a signatory. The installation also provides hundreds of jobs to the area. ( Here's another photo from the visit. )
ROUND MOUNTAIN, Nev. -- Congressman Cresent Hardy (NV-04) meets with employees of the Round Mountain Gold Mine, which provides jobs for hundreds and is a major source of income for Nye County's economy. ( See more photos from the tour of the open pit mine. )
BEATTY, Nev.
Congressman Cresent Hardy (NV-4) speaks with veterans at VFW Post 12108.
GOLDFIELD, Nev. -- Congressman Cresent Hardy (NV-04) speaks with Carl Brownfield, of KGFN-FM Radio Goldfield, the only nonprofit radio station in the town.
YERINGTON, Nev. -- Congressman Cresent Hardy (NV-04) recognizes leaders of VFW Post 8084 for their work to advocate for veterans in their community, where the closest VA clinic is 60 miles away. ( Click for more photos from the visit. )
AMARGOSA, Nev. -- Congressman Cresent Hardy (NV-04) recognizes the work of the Amargosa Senior Center, where volunteers have been working to construct a new facility, set to open soon.
Congressman Cresent Hardy represents Nevadas 4th Congressional District. He serves on the House Committee on Natural Resources, the House Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure, and the House Small Business Committee.
WEBSITE
|
UNSUBSCRIBE
|
CONTACT
Click Here Click Here