, including a proposal mandating 12-hour shifts with reduced layover time for T&E; employees.
I do not know if these changes made a safety difference, but I do know that both the timing of the scheduling changes and the $260 million cut in Amtrak funding by the House Appropriations Committee, which ironically occurred the day after the accident, appear ill-timed in light of the crash.
Using a Local D.C. Critical Infrastructure Project to Highlight Need for a Long-Term Transportation Reauthorization
On May 31, in just three legislative days, the current surface transportation authorization will expire, ending federal reimbursements to states, shutting down highways and transit programs and forcing furloughs of federal employees.
In light of the deadline to allow states to continue to spend what is left in the Highway Trust Fund, I have been raising the public profile on the need for a long-term reauthorization.
Last Monday, I visited the H Street Bridge, a critical District of Columbia infrastructure project,
the replacement of which, like that of thousands of projects nationwide, cannot get started with short-term funding, but depends on a long-term surface transportation reauthorization bill.
The District is at risk of losing over 1,000 jobs and $79 million in federal highway funds if the current surface transportation authorization expires.
In addition, with this congressional impasse, millions of dollars in private and state economic development cannot move forward because they often require new roads, bridges, or transit.
However, a last-minute short-term fix is almost inevitable at this late date.
I am continuing to push for a long-term transportation bill, which has widespread bipartisan congressional support.
Breaking Ground on a New D.C. Neighborhood
Last week, I joined Mayor Bowser and other D.C. public officials to break ground at Capitol Crossing , a $1.3 billion privately-funded project that will reconnect F Street NW and G Street NW by building a deck over I-395.
The long-sought project, operated by Property Group Partners, will reconnect Capitol Hill to downtown, offering five mixed-use buildings with 2.2 million square feet and generating $40 million in annual property taxes for the District.
It is an incredibly unique project that will create new jobs and investment in the District, returning three precious city blocks that were taken away with the construction of I-395.
As construction and development continues, I will keep District residents up to date and informed on the projects progress.
D.C.s Home-Rule Alternative to DCPS is Charter Schools, Not Private School Vouchers
I may be starting to sound like a broken record, but it is Congress that is intent on violating D.C. home rule, this time by imposing an extension of private school vouchers.
Last week, the House Oversight and Government Reform Committee (OGR) held a hearing on reauthorizing the congressionally-imposed D.C. private school voucher program .
Along with the Obama administration, I believe that students currently enrolled in the program should be able to continue until they graduate.
However, if Republicans really had D.C. childrens best interests in mind, they would commit these federal dollars to our citys home-rule alternative to District of Columbia Public Schools, our thriving public charter school system.
The voucher program is a political pet project of Speaker John Boehner, not a D.C. initiative.
When I challenged Republicans about why they have no voucher program in the pending Republican reauthorization of the Elementary and Secondary Education Act of 1965, OGR Chairman Jason Chaffetz (R-UT) said Utah does not want the voucher program that he is willing to impose on D.C.
The controversial program was first imposed by Congress against the Districts will in 2004.
The authorization for the experimental five-year program expired in 2009, but was reauthorized for five more years in 2011, when Republicans took back control of the House.
doctype html
Congresswoman Nortons e-Newsletter
Monday, May 18, 2015
Events This Week:
Music on the Mall Starts Tomorrow!
National Mall
7th Street and Jefferson Drive SW
Tuesday, May 19, 2015
Noon
1:00 p.m.
It is that time of the year again! With the weather warming up, we are kicking off Lunchtime Music on the Mall tomorrow,
May 19, from noon
1:00 p.m., at 7th Street and Jefferson Drive SW.
Lunchtime Music on the Mall features local artists from a wide variety of music styles and is produced by a partnership of the Washington Metropolitan Area Transit Authority, the District
of Columbia Commission on the Arts and Humanities, the National Park Service, and the D.C. Department of Parks and Recreation, in conjunction with my office.
It will take place every Tuesday and Thursday from noon
1:00 p.m.
during the summer months.
It is the perfect chance for downtown workers to take a break and listen to some of our citys most talented amateur and professional artists.
We hope to see you
there!
Tonight: Norton to Visit Edgewood for a Norton in Your Neighborhood
Norton in Your NeighborhoodEdgewood
Edgewood Commons Apartment
Crawford Hall 9th Floor
635 Edgewood Street NE
Monday, May 18, 2015
7:00 p.m.
9:00 p.m.
Tonight, I will be in the Edgewood neighborhood to meet with residents to hear their concerns about important congressional
issues facing the District.
Discussion topics will include stepped up attacks on the Districts home rule, progress on statehood, and economic development in D.C., among others.
After Tuesdays Tragic Amtrak Accident, Reexamining Rail Safety Protocols, Including Worker Schedules
Our thoughts and prayers go out to the families and friends of the eight passengers who lost their lives and the many others
who were injured in Tuesdays Amtrak derailment.
The Amtrak Northeast Corridor is a familiar route for our city and our region.
I am on the Transportation and Infrastructure Committee and we are seeking a congressional investigation of the accident.
Although
the cause of the crash is under investigation by the National Transportation Safety Board, I am particularly interested in recent changes in Amtraks rail safety protocols, including the work schedules for Train &amp; Engine Service Employees (T&amp;E) working at
Union Station and in road service on the Northeast Corridor.
Last
November, I wrote to Amtrak President &amp; CEO Joseph Boardman expressing my concern about scheduling changes for employees , including a proposal mandating 12-hour shifts with reduced
layover time for T&amp;E employees.
I do not know if these changes made a safety difference, but I do know that both the timing of the scheduling changes and the $260 million cut in Amtrak funding by the House Appropriations Committee, which ironically occurred
the day after the accident, appear ill-timed in light of the crash.
Using a Local D.C. Critical Infrastructure Project to Highlight Need for a Long-Term Transportation Reauthorization
On May 31, in just three legislative days, the current surface transportation authorization will expire, ending federal
reimbursements to states, shutting down highways and transit programs and forcing furloughs of federal employees.
In light of the deadline to allow states to continue to spend what is left in the Highway Trust Fund, I have been raising the public profile
on the need for a long-term reauthorization.
Last Monday,
I
visited the H Street Bridge, a critical District of Columbia infrastructure project,
the replacement of which, like that of thousands of projects nationwide, cannot get started
with short-term funding, but depends on a long-term surface transportation reauthorization bill.
The District is at risk of losing over 1,000 jobs and $79 million in federal highway funds if the current surface transportation authorization expires.
In addition,
with this congressional impasse, millions of dollars in private and state economic development cannot move forward because they often require new roads, bridges, or transit.
However, a last-minute short-term fix is almost inevitable at this late date.
I
am continuing to push for a long-term transportation bill, which has widespread bipartisan congressional support.
Breaking Ground on a New D.C. Neighborhood
Last week, I joined
Mayor Bowser and other D.C. public officials to break ground at Capitol Crossing , a $1.3 billion privately-funded project that will reconnect F Street NW and G Street NW by building
a deck over I-395.
The long-sought project, operated by Property Group Partners, will reconnect Capitol Hill to downtown, offering five mixed-use buildings with 2.2 million square feet and generating $40 million in annual property taxes for the District.
It is an incredibly unique project that will create new jobs and investment in the District, returning three precious city blocks that were taken away with the construction of I-395.
As construction and development continues, I will keep District residents
up to date and informed on the projects progress.
D.C.s Home-Rule Alternative to DCPS is Charter Schools, Not Private School Vouchers
I may be starting to sound like a broken record, but it is Congress that is intent on violating D.C. home rule, this time
by imposing an extension of private school vouchers.
Last week,
the
House Oversight and Government Reform Committee (OGR) held a hearing on reauthorizing the congressionally-imposed D.C. private school voucher program .
Along with the Obama administration,
I believe that students currently enrolled in the program should be able to continue until they graduate.
However, if Republicans really had D.C. childrens best interests in mind, they would commit these federal dollars to our citys home-rule alternative
to District of Columbia Public Schools, our thriving public charter school system.
The voucher program is a political pet project of Speaker John Boehner, not a D.C. initiative.
When I challenged Republicans about why they have no voucher program in the
pending Republican reauthorization of the Elementary and Secondary Education Act of 1965, OGR Chairman Jason Chaffetz (R-UT) said Utah does not want the voucher program that he is willing to impose on D.C.
The controversial program was first imposed by Congress
against the Districts will in 2004.
The authorization for the experimental five-year program expired in 2009, but was reauthorized for five more years in 2011, when Republicans took back control of the House.
Thanks for subscribing!
Follow Congresswoman Norton on
Facebook ,
Twitter ,
Instagram ,
YouTube , or her
website
for more updates.
Capitol Hill Office
2136 Rayburn HOB
Washington, D.C. 20515
Phone: (202) 225-8050
Fax: (202) 225-3002
S.E. District Office
2041 Martin Luther King Jr. Ave., S.E.
Washington, D.C. 20020
Phone: (202) 678-8900
Fax: (202) 678-8844
Main District Office
90 K Street, N.E., Suite 100
Washington DC 20001
Phone: (202) 408-9041
Fax: (202) 408-9048
To unsubscribe from our list, please click here .
