
HOME
|
About Mike
|
Contact YOUR Office
|
Serving You
|
Newsroom
|
Legislative Work
|
4th District
|
Resources
WEBSITE
| SHARE ON:
Greetings,
No matter your occupation, if you live in South Central Kansas it is more than likely that your employer makes, supplies or services the products that account for the $12 billion in goods exported from our state in 2014.
From fasteners to fuselages, farm equipment to camping goods, 1/3
of our regions economy is dependent on exports, which makes the Wichita metro area one of the most trade dependent in America.
International trade is truly the heart of our economy.
Certainly by now you have heard a number of things about the Trade Promotion Authority (TPA), sometimes called fast track.
Before this issue comes to the House floor for debate, I wanted to tell you more about it from the perspective of Central Kansas.
TPA is the authority Congress grants to the President to enter into certain reciprocal trade agreements.
It defines how Congress will exercise its constitutional authority over trade policy, while giving the President added leverage to negotiate trade agreements.
Open trade levels the playing field for Kansans and creates a positive ripple effect on the economy.
It promotes competition and spurs innovation
growing every sector of our community.
At its core, TPA is about keeping and creating jobs in Kansas.
When production increases at an aviation manufacturer in Wichita, you see economic activity grow in areas from the suppliers of raw materials needed to machine parts to the freight and shipping industries contracted to ensure final delivery.
Union aviation workers will see their ranks swell when foreign markets are opened for competition and orders start to come in.
Kansas farmers will have trade barriers removed so they can export food to feed the world.
A too-common refrain is that TPA would empower President Obama with additional authority with which he cannot be trusted.
The truth is just the opposite.
The fact is that TPA actually limits presidential power.
It also gives Congress more oversight, requiring the administration to consult with Congress throughout the negotiating process.
Ultimately, TPA requires every agreement to be submitted to Congress for approval.
TPA is not about giving the President more power; its about advancing the ideal of free trade.
I spoke on the House floor about the importance of TPA and free trade to Kansas.
I believe that open markets and free trade are the backbone of a robust American economy and that opening our markets lowers prices and increases choices for Kansas companies and families.
I support TPA because it will support jobs in Kansas.
Sincerely,
Mike Pompeo
Member of Congress
Connect With Mike
NOTE: Please
DO NOT
respond to this email as this
inbox is unattended . To contact my office please
click here
WASHINGTON, DC OFFICE
436 Cannon HOB
Washington, DC 20515
Phone:
(202) 225-6216
Fax:
(202) 225-3489
WICHITA, KS OFFICE
7701 E. Kellogg, Suite 510
Wichita, KS 67207
Phone:
(316) 262-8992
Fax:
(316) 262-5309
UPDATE SUBSCRIPTION OPTIONS
|
PRIVACY POLICY
|
CONTACT US
Click Here Click Here