
Photo of the Week
It was such an honor to be part of the bipartisan bill signing ceremony this week for the
Justice for Victims of Trafficking Act.
I am especially thankful that my bill,
the Trafficking Awareness Training for Health Care Act , is included in this legislation
and is now headed to the president's desk!
Weekly Update
I was pleased to start off my week by moderating a roundtable discussion at the Greater Raleigh Chamber of Congress on the benefits of manufacturing, exporting, and trade on the economy of North Carolina. Without a doubt, we know that our state
and our country
benefits from trade. Trade translates to new jobs and higher wages, which ultimately allows for us to create a healthy and prosperous economy for our hard-working families. If we aim to create more opportunity for higher paying jobs and economic growth in our state, we need to sell more North Carolina products and services overseas.
On Tuesday, I was thrilled to see the bipartisan
Justice for Victims of Trafficking Act
head to the presidents desk to be signed into law. The day marked a significant step forward in the fight against human trafficking
one of the clearest forms of modern-day slavery in our country . North Carolina is the 8th largest hub for human trafficking in the U.S. due to the number of major interstate highways, the two international airports, and a large agricultural economy. I am proud that my legislation,
which trains healthcare workers to recognize the hallmark signs of human trafficking, was included in the bill.
As a nurse, I recognize that members of the medical community are often the only outside aids to come into contact with victims of trafficking, and my legislation ensures that this resource is fully utilized to combat human trafficking.
Another exciting moment for me this week was when my fellow members of the House Committee on Energy and Commerce unanimously passed the 21st Century Cures Act by a vote of 51-0. This monumental, bipartisan achievement paves the way for a faster route to cures to the diseases that plague our nations citizens. I was pleased that three of my provisions were included in the final bill, which was sent to the Senate for its approval:
legislation to reform the vaccine delivery process ,
legislation to broaden access to healthcare technologies , and
legislation to support young and emerging scientists.
This past week was especially eventful and I am so proud to be able to represent the Second District in crafting such bipartisan, strong pieces of legislation.
Fighting Hunger
Tuesday I participated in a panel discussion with Melinda Gates (Co-Chair of the Bill &amp; Melinda Gates Foundation) and Krysta Harden (Deputy Secretary of the U.S. Department of Agriculture) on global nutrition and how we can further strengthen bi-partisan Congressional support for global efforts to combat hunger and malnutrition. My 21 years in the nursing profession, as well as my recent trip to Guatemala, has given me a unique perspective, and I am thankful to be able to use that experience to advocate on behalf of those who are in need of access to quality healthcare and nutrition.
Snapshots from the Week
Meeting with a NC Air Traffic Controllers in my Washington office.
At the IBM Policy Breakfast where I talked about the importance of trade, manufacturing and exports. I also discussed 21st Century Cures legislation that passed out of committee unanimously and my FCC transparency legislation .
I moderated a roundtable discussion at the Greater Raleigh Chamber of Commerce on the benefits of manufacturing, exporting, and importing in North Carolina, the Export-Import Bank, and the impacts on our local economy. Participating in the roundtable were Jenny Fulton (Founder &amp; CEO of Jennys Pickles), Alan Kelly (Durham Plant Leader for GE) and Rick Hill (International Director of Trade for the Economic Development Partnership of NC). Thanks so much to all the participants for a very informative discussion!
21st Century Cures
Great news! The House Committee on Energy and Commerce unanimously passed #HR6, the 21st Century Cures Act, 51-0, out of committee and on to the House Floor. I am so proud to be a part of this historic initiative. Learn more about 21st Century Energy and Commerce Cures, including my provisions on vaccine reform, durable medical technology and student loans for young emerging scientists
here .
Memorial Day 2015
WEBSITE
|
UNSUBSCRIBE
|
CONTACT
Click Here Click Here