
If you are having trouble viewing this message or would like to
share it on a social network, you can
view the message online .
HOME
ABOUT
SERVING
YOU
WHERE I STAND
MEDIA CENTER
CONTACT ME
June 04, 2015
Dear Friends,
As you
know, the 2015 hurricane season began on June 1.
South Floridians
have unfortunately gained a great deal of personal experience
preparing for and recovering from hurricanes. Devastating storms such as
Hurricanes Andrew, Katrina and Wilma are still present in many of our
memories and have shown us the sheer devastation and injury leading to
loss of life that can be left after these great forces of nature.
These life-changing storms have been emotionally and personally
devastating and financially crippling to businesses in our
community.
In order to help South Florida better prepare for
hurricanes, I recently joined my colleagues in Congress to pass
the
Weather Research and Forecasting Innovation Act , a bill that will
improve our early warning systems and will make our community safer
before a storm hits our shores.
This bill would
accomplish two important goals for South Florida.
First, it would empower
organizations and agencies such as the National Hurricane Center, the
Atlantic Oceanographic and Meteorological Laboratory, and others to
carry out cutting edge research that will improve our existing forecast
methods to better predict the intensity and path of hurricanes
threatening our community. Secondly, it would improve our hurricane
forecasting capabilities by bringing together government agencies and leading
private researchers under one unified program.
Working together,
we will be able to develop improved early warning systems that will
help us know about a hurricanes path and intensity earlier and with
more precision.
By improving the accuracy of hurricane prediction
mechanisms, we will be able to prevent unnecessary and costly
evacuations and will be able to better predict the path of hurricanes in order
to focus disaster relief efforts in those areas.
As a
longtime resident of South Florida, I know how essential early warning
systems can be in protecting our families from the impact of dangerous
natural disasters. Better and more accurate early warning information
and more in depth research from scientists will allow us to make serious
progress in helping prepare our community for any coming hurricanes
or dangerous tropical storms. I will continue to work to help ensure
that South Florida stays safe during this hurricane season.
Sincerely,
Ileana
Ros-Lehtinen
Member of
Congress
Don't forget to follow me on Twitter
@RosLehtinen . I send out live updates and links to recent videos!
E-mail Updates
Yes, please periodically send me
e-mail updates.*
*By
subscribing to my
e-mail updates, you are authorizing me to send
regular e-mail updates from my office to your e-mail account.
Tell a Friend
E-mail:
E-mail:
E-mail:
Washington, DC Office
2206
Rayburn HOB |
Washington, DC 20515
Phone: (202) 225-3931 |
Fax: (202)
225-5620
Miami
Office (Main)
4960 SW 72 Ave, Suite 208 |
Miami, FL
33155
Phone: (305) 668-2285 |
Fax: (305)
668-5970
Unsubscribe
|
Update My
Profile
|
Privacy Policy
