
HOME
|
About Mike
|
Contact YOUR Office
|
Serving You
|
Newsroom
|
Legislative Work
|
4th District
|
Resources
WEBSITE
| SHARE ON:
Greetings,
In addition to joining Kansans at a very special
Memorial Day celebration
at Resthaven Cemetery, I had a productive time visiting folks across South Central Kansas this week.
It is always meaningful to me to sit down with hard-working Kansans while I am at home.
It allows me to find out how the federal government is impacting their lives and get feedback on what changes they would like to see made.
Hearing from Kansans is an essential part of my job in Washington, and frankly it's one of the parts of my role that keeps me going.
I met with Jim Brown of ABC Discount Super Store to discuss current events and help him celebrate the companys 50 th
Anniversary.
I toured UCIs new facility and spoke with Jeff, Chuck and Rhonda Grier.
Visiting with members of the Derby Rotary.
I also had the honor of sitting down with the new Wing Commander at McConnell AFB, Colonel Albert Miller.
McConnell is in good hands with Col. Miller and the leadership team of Col. Jeff Jordan, 184th Intelligence Wing Commander, and Col. Mark S. Larson, 931st Air Refueling Group Commander.
Together they are leading amazing airmen to keep America safe.
As you well remember, in 2014 McConnell won the right to be the first active duty base for the brand-new KC-46A Tanker.
This is a huge deal for both our community and the Air Force.
McConnell is doing a great job preparing for this new airplane.
Click here
to get an update on the progress being made on base.
We are all excited to see the first ones land at McConnell AFB in the near future.
Meeting with
Col. Mark S. Larson , Col. Albert Miller, and Col. Jeff Jordan.
On Tuesday I joined KQAMs Joseph Ashby in studio to discuss various issues facing our nation
from the NSA to international trade. Listen to my segment
here .
Hearing from the people of the Fourth District is essential to my ability to represent Kansans in Washington.
If you would like me to speak at an event or visit your place of business, please contact my office at (316) 262-8992.
Sincerely,
Mike Pompeo
Member of Congress
Connect With Mike
NOTE: Please
DO NOT
respond to this email as this
inbox is unattended . To contact my office please
click here
WASHINGTON, DC OFFICE
436 Cannon HOB
Washington, DC 20515
Phone:
(202) 225-6216
Fax:
(202) 225-3489
WICHITA, KS OFFICE
7701 E. Kellogg, Suite 510
Wichita, KS 67207
Phone:
(316) 262-8992
Fax:
(316) 262-5309
UPDATE SUBSCRIPTION OPTIONS
|
PRIVACY POLICY
|
CONTACT US
Click Here Click Here