
SIGN YOUR NAME:
Demand Boehner address our Infrastructure crisis &gt;&gt;
It&rsquo;s no secret that our roads and bridges are crumbling. But Boehner kicked the can down the road yet again. Last month, he extended funding for the Highway Trust Fund for just two more months.
Cheri knows that we need a world class infrastructure to be competitive, so she&rsquo;s taking action.
Sign your name now to demand a long term solution to our infrastructure crisis:
Sign Your Name &gt;&gt;
David --
It's no secret that our infrastructure is crumbling. Our roads, bridges, and highways are in constant disrepair. Unfortunately, Boehner and his allies would rather play political games than pass long-term funding for the Highway Trust Fund.
Just last month, Boehner only extended funding for 2 months -- passing the buck as always.
Cheri knows that we need a world class infrastructure to succeed -- add your name now to support a long-term solution to our infrastructure crisis &gt;&gt;
In the 21st century economy, we need world class infrastructure -- we simply depend on it to create jobs and economic growth. Unfortunately, John Boehner's Republican Congress is so dysfunctional that they won't pass long term infrastructure funding. We need to fix this problem now before we fall behind. Please sign Cheri's petition:
http://act.cheribustos.com/Fix-Our-Infrastructure
Thanks for stepping up,
CheriBustos.com
Paid for by Friends of Cheri Bustos
This message was sent to: dj724530@gmail.com | Change or update your email address by
clicking here .
We believe that emails are a crucial way for our campaign to stay in touch with supporters like you. However, if you'd like to unsubscribe, please
click here . If you'd prefer to receive fewer emails, you can
click here .
Our campaign is powered by supporters like you. Your grassroots support is critical to helping Cheri fight back against right-wing attacks.
If you&rsquo;d still like to unsubscribe from our emails,
click here .
If you'd like to donate to our campaign, please
click here .
Thanks for having Cheri's back!
