
Babin Bulletin | May 17, 2015
Click here
if you have trouble viewing this email
- Special Message-
Babin Provides Weekly-Recap
Blocking EPA's Federal Power Grab
The House passed bipartisan legislation on Tuesday to stop the Environmental Protection Agency (EPA)s outrageous attempt to redefine navigable waters.
The EPA thinks that a tire rut in a field should be regulated as a navigable stream.
Thats absurd and tramples on private property rights.
Our bill stops the EPA in their tracks and turns back the EPAs blatant federal power grab.
Standing up for the Defenseless
This week the House passed an important bill to protect unborn children. The legislation, which I cosponsored and was endorsed by National Right to Life, prohibits abortions after 20 weeks.
Our bill affirms the humanity of the unborn while curbing the inhumanity of abortion.
Watch my speech in support of this pro-life bill
here :
Preventing a Nuclear-Armed Iran
On Thursday I voted against the Iran Nuclear Agreement Review Act because it falls short of preventing a nuclear Iran.
This bill failed to include important amendments to require Iran to submit to full inspections, fully recognize Israels right to exist, and strengthen Congressional authority to stop a bad deal with Iran.
For those reasons it lost my support
as well as nearly two dozen other supporters of Israel. Allowing a nuclear-armed Iran would be the worst national security mistake of our lifetime.
I cannot support any effort that condones President Obamas appeasement to the Iranian regime
nor can I support a measure that limits our ability to stop a bad deal with Iran.
Protecting Civil Liberties and Strengthening National Security
On Wednesday, I voted for House-passage of the USA FREEDOM Act (H.R. 2048), which
ends the National Security Agency (NSA)s unconstitutional bulk collection of data from U.S. citizens , while preserving the ability to lawfully obtain critical information from suspected terrorists. This legislation, which is nearly identical to a bill introduced in the U.S. Senate by Senators Mike Lee (R-UT) and Ted Cruz (R-TX), brings transparency and accountability to government agencies while making sure we can stop terrorists.
On Friday, the House passed the National Defense Authorization Act, which
provides our service men and women with the resources, training, and tools they need to defend our nation and succeed on the battlefield . The bipartisan legislation increases troop pay, imposes greater restrictions on transferring terrorists, strengthens our cyber defenses, provides lethal support to Ukraine, and boosts our missile defense systems.
Top News
Babin
Highlights First 100 Days in Office
(Cleveland Advocate)
Rep. Babin Keynotes Kirby High School Reunion
(Tyler County Booster)
You're Invited!
ORANGE DISTRICT
OFFICE OPEN HOUSE
Please join us on
Tuesday, May 26th at 12:00 PM
for an Open House and Ribbon Cutting Ceremony at our
Orange District Office on 420 Green Avenue .
CLEAR LAKE
TOWN HALL MEETING
Please join us on
Tuesday, May 26th at 6:30 PM for our townhall meeting at the University of Houston Clear Lake Campus . We will meet in the Garden Room inside the Bayou Building on the First Floor. Parking will be available in Lot R. At the meeting I will provide an update on some of the issues that have been at the forefront in Washington. I will also be available to answer questions about issues important to you, your family or our community.
Forward to a Friend
|
Share on Facebook
|
Share on Twitter
UPDATE SUBSCRIPTION OPTIONS
|
PRIVACY POLICY
|
CONTACT US
Click Here Click Here