Copyright (c) 1996-2015 Constant Contact. All rights reserved.
Except as permitted under a separate
written agreement with Constant Contact, neither the Constant Contact software, nor any content that appears on any Constant Contact site,
including but not limited to, web pages, newsletters, or templates may be reproduced, republished, repurposed, or distributed without the
prior written permission of Constant Contact.
For inquiries regarding reproduction or distribution of any Constant Contact material, please
contact legal@constantcontact.com.
Mike Kelly's Weekly E-Newsletter
May 23, 2015
Follow me on Twitter!
Visit my YouTube page!
Click here to subscribe to my weekly
E-newsletter
My Offices
ERIE DISTRICT OFFICE 208 E. Bayfront Parkway Suite 102 Erie, PA 16507 Phone: (814) 454-8190 Fax: (814) 454-8197
BUTLER DISTRICT OFFICE
101 East Diamond St Suite 218 Butler, PA
16001 Phone: (724) 282-2557
Fax: (724) 282-3682
SHARON DISTRICT OFFICE
33 Chestnut Street Sharon, PA
16146 Phone: (724) 342-7170 Fax: (724) 342-7242
WASHINGTON, DC OFFICE
1519 Longworth HOB Washington, DC 20515 Phone: (202) 225-5406 Fax: (202) 225-3103
CRAWFORD COUNTY OFFICE Every Wednesday 9:00 a.m. - 4:00 p.m. 908 Diamond Park Meadville, PA 16335
ARMSTRONG COUNTY OFFICE
Every Thursday 9:00 a.m. - 4:00 p.m. 300 South McKean Street Kittanning, PA 16201
LAWRENCE COUNTY
Every Friday 9:00 a.m. - 4: 00 p.m. Lawrence County Courthouse 430 Court Street New Castle, PA
16101
Dear Friend, This week I co-founded the Congressional Propane Caucus in the House of Representatives along with my colleague Rep. Bob Latta of Ohio and eight other congressmen. We formed this caucus in order to provide a bipartisan forum to engage Members of Congress, their staff, and the public on important issues to our nation's propane consumers and workers in the propane industry.
In honor of this week's launch, I once again introduced
the Powering American Jobs Act , a bipartisan bill to make the excise tax provision for propane permanent. This will bring much-needed certainty to energy providers important to Western Pennsylvania and our entire country, which in turn will help them create more jobs for more Americans.
When it comes to strengthening our nation's energy potential by supporting and spreading the benefits of propane, this is not a Republican issue or Democrat issue -- it's an American issue.
Propane is an abundant, clean-burning, domestic fuel that is a key component in America's energy portfolio. It contributes nearly $40 billion to America's GDP and provides nearly 50,000 domestic jobs. Furthermore, more than 50 million Americans choose propane as their energy source in a wide array of applications, including:
Residential and commercial space heating (furnaces, boilers, and gas logs), water heating, cooking, and clothes drying Farm use for irrigation pumps, grain dryers, standby generators and other agricultural equipment As an alternative transportation fuel in school buses, delivery vans, pickup trucks, law enforcement vehicles, and forklifts Industrial space heating and process applications
As we begin this holiday weekend, I ask you to pause and give great thanks for the brave men and women in our military who gave their last full measure of devotion for our freedom, our security, and our way of life. We must also keep in our prayers those who are currently serving overseas in Afghanistan and Iraq. It is because of their heroism and sacrifices that we are able to sleep safely, free from terror, each and every night.
Have a safe and happy Memorial Day weekend! God bless!
Sincerely,
Rep. Kelly
to Host Live Tele-Town Hall
for Constituents on Social Security Issues
Toll-free call will feature specialist from Social Security Administration
Next week, Rep. Kelly will host a special toll-free telephone town hall meeting for constituents of the Third District to communicate with a liaison from the Social Security Administration regarding questions about their Social Security benefits.
WHAT:
A free tele-town hall hosted by Rep. Kelly to discuss Social Security issues
WHO:
Representative Mike Kelly (PA-03)
With special guest:
John Johnston -- Public Affairs Specialist, Social Security Administration
WHEN:
Tuesday, May 26, 2015
TIME:
5:45 PM - 7:15 PM
CALL-IN INFORMATION:
To participate, dial
877-228-2184
and enter event ID 19013 at the time of the event.
Rep. Kelly Highlights Pro-Jobs Restaurant Bill
in Op-Ed for
Roll Call
Part of special policy feature on food
& nutrition
Rep. Kelly
authored a guest opinion piece published on Wednesday by
Roll Call
to highlight the economic benefits of his
Restaurant and Retail Jobs and Growth Act
(H.R. 765), which he introduced in the House of Representatives on February 5, 2015.
Excerpts of
Helping Restaurants Serve Up Jobs
b y Rep. Mike Kelly:
When it comes to the universality of food, the late Luciano Pavarotti perhaps put it best: "One of the very nicest things about life is the way we must regularly stop whatever it is we are doing and devote our attention to eating."
In other words, everybody - no matter who they are, or where they are from, or what they believe - eats. It's the ultimate "common ground."
In America, 130 million people do their eating at a million different restaurant locations every single day, which, of course, translates into an awful lot of business, entrepreneurship and employment.
The Restaurant and Retail Jobs and Growth Act (HR 765), which I've introduced over the past two Congresses with bipartisan support, recognizes the inherent economic horsepower behind these enterprises and makes it easier for them to expand and create more job opportunities for more Americans.
According to the National Restaurant Association, the restaurant industry already employees 14 million people nationwide - 10 percent of our nation's entire workforce. This includes more than 557,000 men and women in my home state of Pennsylvania and 21,000 people in the district I'm honored to represent.
...
Under the current tax code, restaurants are forced to operate on a 39-year tax depreciation schedule, which means write-offs for the costs of critical improvements to their establishments have to reflect expected wear and tear accumulated over nearly two generations. In an industry where wear and tear occurs quickly and constantly, this is absurd.
Let's face it: Any venue where a massive amount of food is delivered, unpacked, cooked, served and eaten on a daily basis is guaranteed to require frequent refurbishment in order to keep attracting business. With millions of Americans visiting restaurants every day, a timely depreciation schedule is crucial.
The chief financial officer of Eat'n Park Hospitality Group recently stated that "because of the wear and tear a public restaurant incurs, we will be out of business very quickly if we aren't continually refreshing and reinvesting in our businesses. A 39-year depreciation schedule in the restaurant industry simply is not aligned with real world spending practices."
Think about it: Which diner would you rather visit - the one with ripped seats, stained furniture and crumbling walls, or the one that looks clean, new and welcoming?
The answer is easy, and thus an onerously long depreciation schedule can spell the demise of an establishment - and the jobs it provides - regardless of the quality of its food. On the flip side, a write-off schedule that reliably reflects a restaurant's needs and operations can help eateries better accommodate their customers and flourish.
That is why repeated congressional action has allowed restaurants to operate on a temporary 15-year depreciation schedule, which more closely matches economic reality but is still unpredictable and unstable. My bill would make the 15-year schedule permanent.
The National Restaurant Association believes that "making the 15-year depreciation provisions permanent provides restaurateurs with the predictability and additional cash flow needed to plan for future investments." The Pennsylvania Restaurant and Lodging Association claims such tax certainty and new cash "will allow restaurant owners to reinvest in their businesses and workforce."
...
Especially as our economy continues to underperform, it is vital that proven job-creating engines such as restaurants have the certainty they need to invest, grow and put more Americans back to work. Granting long-term tax stability to our nation's bistros, diners, pubs, taverns and drive-throughs will help their surrounding communities thrive and spawn surefire economic growth from coast to coast.
Rep. Kelly Blasts Obama Administration's 'Dangerous' Implementation of Obamacare at Oversight Subcommittee Hearing
Questions how private sector can operate when president can unilaterally change, not enforce laws
WATCH HERE
Rep. Kelly -- a member of the House Ways and Means Committee -- participated in
Wednesday morning's hearing
by the Subcommittee on Oversight on the use of administrative actions in the implementation of the Affordable Care Act (Obamacare).
Highlights of Rep. Kelly's remarks:
"This really has nothing to do with the health care law, but it does have to do with the health care of our Constitution, and I think this is the thing that probably bothers us more than anything else."
"There's an old saying out and it goes something like this: 'If you can't convince them, confuse them.'
And I've looked at what's happened. ... I'm an automobile dealer, and I have to follow laws as they are written. I don't have the ability to say, 'You know what? I don't particularly care for this part of the law so I'm just not going to follow that.'"
"Here's another law that I don't know what [those who wrote it] were thinking about. Obviously they didn't look far enough, and they certainly didn't look at the private sector, but then again, I have to run a profitable business to stay in business and they don't."
"It is so difficult for those of us in the private sector to look at this and to think that this president or any future president can decide at his whim what parts of a law he is going to enforce or not enforce. So the question then becomes how do you prepare a business model when the rules change every day?"
"My question is: Why does this president start to establish a precedent that is so dangerous for every president to follow? Because law is based on precedent. And if we can go back in the future and say, 'Yeah, but let me tell you how it happened back when we had the Affordable Care Act, and this is what we decided to do,' how in the world would anybody living in this country look at any law and really look at it as a law ... if it's not going to be enforced?"
"If [Obamacare]'s not enforced, it truly is just words on paper. It means absolutely nothing."
Rep. Kelly:
"Let me just ask you one question, because maybe there's some confusion in the Office of the President, but what did the president do before he was elected president? My understanding is that he came from the academic world, right?"
Grace-Marie Turner, President, The Galen Institute:
"Constitutional law instructor at the University of Chicago."
Rep. Kelly:
"So there really wouldn't be much cloudiness on his idea of what the Constitution is or what it contains?" I thank you all for being here."
NOTE:
In February 2014, Rep. Kelly authored and submitted
a letter co-signed by 20 Members of Congress to then-U.S. Attorney General Eric Holder
requesting an explanation of the constitutional authority under which the Obama administration intends to carry out
President Obama's pledge
to use his "pen" and "phone" to "take executive actions and administrative actions" affecting existing laws without congressional involvement. The inquiry
specifically pertained
to the administration's repeated decision to unilaterally halt the implementation of the employer mandate provision of Obamacare.
Rep. Kelly Congratulates 3rd District's 2015 National Art Competition Winners
Rep. Kelly with First Place winner Kacie Beatty of Hickory High School in Hermitage
On Thursday,
Rep. Kelly issued the following statement congratulating the winners of the 2015 Congressional Art Competition from Pennsylvania's Third District. The annual "Artistic Discovery" Art Competition is a nationwide event, sponsored by the U.S. House of Representatives, enabling high school students throughout the United States to showcase their artistic abilities and earn recognition for their efforts.
"I had a wonderful time at Slippery Rock University last weekend celebrating the visual arts and honoring the abilities of each student who participated in this esteemed competition. I once again offer my heartfelt congratulations to all of the young artists who deserve enormous credit for putting their talents on display. In particular, I congratulate Kacie Beatty of Hermitage for winning the First Place prize and look forward to honoring her in our nation's capital. As I view all the winning artwork in my office and on my way to vote, I'll be happily reminded of the people I am so proud to serve."
NOTE:
This year's contest participants were honored during the annual awards ceremony on May 16, 2015, hosted by Slippery Rock University, which Rep. Kelly personally attended. The first place winner was offered two round-trip plane tickets provided by Southwest Airlines to Washington, D.C. in order to attend the National Art Competition Ceremony, as well as the ribbon-cutting ceremony at the U.S. Capitol Building where her artwork will be showcased for one full year. The artwork of the second and third place awardees, as well as that of the honorable mention, will be displayed in Rep. Kelly's Washington, D.C. office.
This year's winners are as follows:
First Place:
Kacie Beatty, Hickory High School - " Riding on the Dark Side "
Second Place:
Abby Mercatoris-Morrison, Villa Maria Academy - " Defying Gravity "
Third Place:
Hannah Lujbli, Villa Maria Academy - " Some Call it Love "
Honorable Mention:
Sarah Hornick, Villa Maria Academy - " Sherlock "
* * * PHOTOS FROM THE COMPETITION CAN BE VIEWED IN PHOTO SECTION BELOW * * *
WEEKLY PHOTOS
Rep. Kelly with 2015 Congressional Art Competition winner Kacie Beatty of Hickory High School and her art teacher, Mrs. Beth Anne Black
First Place winner: Kacie Beatty, Hickory High School - "Riding on the Dark Side"
Second Place winner: Abby Mercatoris-Morrison, Villa Maria Academy - "Defying Gravity"
Third Place winner: Hannah Lujbli, Villa Maria Academy - "Some Call it Love"
Honorable Mention: Sarah Hornick, Villa Maria Academy - "Sherlock"
Forward this email This email was sent to dj724530@gmail.com by
thomas.qualtere@mail.house.gov
|
Update Profile/Email Address
|
Rapid removal with
SafeUnsubscribe &trade;
|
Privacy Policy . The Office of Representative Mike Kelly
|
1519 Longworth House Office Building
|
Washington
|
DC
|
20515
