
Dear Friend,
Ninety-six percent of the worlds customers are outside the U.S.
If we want to create more opportunity and more high-paying jobs here at home, we need to sell more American-made products and services overseas. Since the U.S. historically already has more open markets than much of the rest of the world, trade agreements are more about removing market barriers that other countries have to our goods and services than they are about throwing our markets open to imports.
Trade Promotion Authority is the means to obtain trade agreements that are accountable, transparent and include effective oversight. TPA is a time-limited authority that Congress uses to set trade negotiating objectives, to establish notification and consultation requirements, and to have implementing bills for certain reciprocal trade agreements considered by the entire Congress. It is a negotiating authority that Congress has granted every Administration, whether Republican or Democrat, going back to 1934.
There is a great deal of false and fabricated information being circulated about TPA. The attacks on TPA that I have seen are just untrue. Fact is the opponents of TPA share a common goal
to block the negotiation and implementation of future trade agreements. Their arguments against trade promotion authority are really arguments against trade generally.
The U.S. simply cannot succeed by only trading with ourselves. From 2004-2013, Mississippis trade-related employment grew 6.3 times faster than total state employment. Mississippi exported $13.2 billion in goods and $2.2 billion in services in 2013. In 2013, 60 percent ($7.9 billion) of Mississippis exports went to countries with which the U.S. has free trade agreements. 76 percent of Mississippi exporters are small and medium sized businesses, and in total, trade supports more than 335,000 jobs in Mississippi.
New trade agreements, like the Trans Pacific Agreement (TPP) hold great promise as a tool to stimulate economic growth and job creation. But to finalize and implement any future trade agreements, Congress will first have to pass trade promotion authority. I will support TPA legislation when it comes before the House of Representatives.
God Bless,
Gregg Harper
Member of Congress
harper.house.gov | (202) 225-5031 | 307 Cannon HOB | Washington, DC 20515
Update My Profile
|
Unsubscribe
|
Privacy Policy
