
Rick's Weekly Report
to sign up click
here
Friend,
As we prepare to observe Memorial Day, please join me in remembering our fallen servicemen and women and their heroic contributions to our nation.
This Monday, it is important for all of us to reflect upon the sacrifices of the fallen and the freedoms for which they fought.
May we continue to honor their legacy of courage, patriotism, and selfless service. As we remember those who made the ultimate sacrifice, we also salute all the brave men and women who have served and continue to defend our nation at home and abroad. To the fallen, our veterans, active service members, and their families, we thank you.
Part of our duty to our heroes who have served and returned home is ensuring they receive the care and benefits they were promised and have earned.
As we continue working to fix the problems that have plagued the VA, the House took steps this week to pass meaningful reforms that help veterans and strengthen VA accountability.
You can learn more about the bills passed by the House in this article from ABC News.
I also encourage veterans in the 12th district who have faced challenges with the VA to visit
gop.gov/YourStory
and share your experience.
Hearing your stories is critical to our efforts in Congress to offer solutions that ensure our veterans receive the treatment they deserve.
One of the reasons I ran for office is to bring real world business experience to Congress. A lesson many in Washington still need to learn is that our economy is driven by growth in the private sector, not the federal government.
This week, I spoke in support of legislation that would make the Research and Development Tax Credit permanent in order to foster innovation and opportunity. I was pleased the House passed this commonsense bill that provides American entrepreneurs certainty to invest, create jobs, and fuel economic growth.
Click here to watch my remarks.
For daily updates on my work in Congress on behalf of Georgia's 12th district, be sure to follow my
Facebook ,
Twitter
and
Instagram
pages.
Sincerely,
Rick Allen
Member of Congress
WEBSITE
|
UNSUBSCRIBE
|
CONTACT
Click Here Click Here