
If you are having trouble viewing this message or would like to
share it on a social network, you can
view the message online .
CONTACT
ABOUT
SERVICES
NEWS
OFFICE
LOCATIONS
More than 500 New Jobs in Hamilton
County
Senator Corker was in Chattanooga on Monday as
Volkswagen Chattanooga and Gestamp, a company that designs, develops
and manufactures metal components and assemblies for the automotive
sector, announced that their partnership for metal parts stamping in
Tennessee will grow and the commitment will lead to more than 500
additional jobs in Chattanooga.
The project will include an
expansion of Gestamps existing Chattanooga facility and the construction of
a new stamping facility in Enterprise South to accommodate stamping of
Class A parts including external metals skin for the new mid-size
SUV. Gestamp will invest $180 million in the project that triples its
capacity in Chattanooga.
Todays announcement is yet another
reminder that the Volunteer State is an outstanding place to do
business, and I could not be more proud that Gestamp is deepening its
commitment to my hometown,
said Corker.
From day one, we
knew that if Volkswagen decided to build its mid-size SUV in
Chattanooga it would create a jobs multiplier effect that would be felt across
our state and region for years to come. I am thrilled for the families
in Hamilton County who will benefit from these new jobs, and I
applaud Governor Haslam and his economic development team for their tireless
work to build on this important partnership, which only further
solidifies Tennessee as the premiere location for automobile manufacturing
in the nation.
For more information on the announcement,
click
here .
July
14, 2014
Senator Corker celebrates Volkswagens expansion
announcement at the Hunter Museum in Chattanooga (Hamilton
County).
Discussing News of the Day
on MSNBCs Morning Joe
In an appearance on
MSNBCs Morning Joe on Monday, Senator Corker, chairman of the
Senate Foreign Relations Committee, discussed negotiations with Iran over
their nuclear program and South Carolinas display of the Confederate
flag at the state capitol after the Emanuel African Methodist Episcopal
Church massacre in Charleston.
On the Iran
talks:
Senator Corker highlighted enactment of his legislation
the
Iran Nuclear Agreement Review Act
that gives
Congress the opportunity to review any final nuclear deal before the
president can waive congressional sanctions on Iran. He also called
U.S. demands for anytime, anywhere inspections and disclosure of Irans
past research into weaponization of a nuclear weapon
non-negotiable, urging the Obama administration to be prepared to suspend talks
unless Iran agrees.
Congress had no role in this until we
passed a bill recently because the president had the ability to go
directly to the U.N. Security Council with national security waivers he was
given,
said Corker.
If they are trying to cross
these two remaining red lines,I do think we shouldstep away from the
table and make sure that we end up with a deal that will stand the test
of time. We already have so many weaknesses in it
today.
On South Carolinas display of the Confederate flag at the state
capitol:
It's a state issue, and I acknowledge that it's a
state issueIf I were there, I would certainly vote to have it come
down,
said Corker.
It serves no purpose anymore,
especially after what has occurred [in Charleston]. I was born in South
Carolina. I lived in South Carolina the first 11 years of my life. I
love South Carolina, but I think in light of what's happened, there's no
question from my perspective over what ought to
happen.
Click
here
or on the image above to watch the
introduction.
We Have a
Lot of Work To Do on Nations Fiscal
Challenges
At a hearing last week on the federal governments deepening
fiscal challenges, Senator Corker, a member of the Senate Budget
Committee, questioned Congressional Budget Office (CBO) Director Keith Hall
about the agencys 2015 Long-Term Budget Outlook and the urgent need for
Congress to enact responsible policies to reduce our nations debt and
deficits.
In the hearing, Corker raised concerns about the
country being unprepared for another financial crisis due to
Congresss inaction on real fiscal reforms.
It seems to me that
our nation is much worse off than your projections are, that there are
difficult decisions that are not being made, [and] the longer we put
off those decisions the more difficult they become and the worse off our
nation is,
said Corker.
We have a lot of work to
do.
Affirming more needs to be done to prepare the country
for a future financial downturn, Director Hall said, I think all you
need to do is look what happened to debt. It almost doubled since
2007, from that crisis, and now if we were to have another one with debt
being as high as it is now, we would have real trouble responding to
it.
Honored for
Support of Music Industry
Senator Corker was
honored by the National Music Publishers Association (NMPA) last week for
his leadership on behalf of music publishers and
songwriters.
Theres no place where the music is more vibrant than in my home
state of Tennessee, where we are blessed with talented songwriters,
musicians and businesses that bring to life the music that we enjoy each
day,
said Corker.
As technology advances, its
important that we also modernize the way the people behind the music get
paid. Im honored to be recognized by the National Music Publishers
Association and thank them for their work to advocate for music
creators.
Were excited to recognize Senator Corkers steadfast
commitment to helping songwriters succeed, said NMPA president and
CEO David Israelite. Without his leadership helping creators achieve a
fair wage in a free market, we would not be making the progress I
believe we are making today.
On March 4, 2015, Corker, along
with U.S. Senators Orrin Hatch (R-Utah) and Lamar Alexander (R-Tenn.)
and U.S. Representatives Doug Collins (R-Ga.) and Marsha Blackburn
(R-Tenn.), introduced the
Songwriter Equity Act
that
would allow songwriters to receive compensation based on the fair
market value of the songs.
June 18, 2015
National Music Publishers Association (NMPA) president and CEO David
Israelite presents Senator Corker with the Presidents
Award.
Honored for Championing
Americas Leadership in the World
Senator
Corker was honored for championing Americas leadership in the world at
the U.S. Global Leadership Coalitions (USGLC) Annual Tribute Dinner
in Washington last week.
It is hard to recall a time in
history when pragmatic U.S. leadership around the world mattered more to
our nations security and prosperity. Responsible engagement improves
individual lives and economic opportunities at home and abroad, and
helps head off problems before they become crises,
said
Corker.
I am honored to be recognized by the U.S. Global Leadership
Coalition and thank them for all they do to advance Americas
interests around the globe.
Previous honorees include Vice
President Joe Biden, Secretary of State Colin Powell, Secretary of State
Condoleezza Rice, and Secretary of State Madeleine Albright, among
others.
Click
here
or on the image above to watch a tribute
video honoring Corker.
Home
|
Privacy Policy
|
Unsubscribe
