
HOME
|
About Mike
|
Contact YOUR Office
|
Serving You
|
Newsroom
|
Legislative Work
|
4th District
|
Resources
WEBSITE
| SHARE ON:
Greetings,
Today we honor the legacy of the brave men and women who have given their lives in uniformed service to our country.
We also recommit to the values these fallen warriors have fought for for over two and one quarter centuries.
I had the privilege of speaking at the Memorial Day celebration at Resthaven Mortuary Gardens.
I spoke of the love that we all have for those who sacrifice for us and for their families that also have given up so much that they cherish.
American soldiers fight for principles our enemies do not understand.
Life, liberty, and the pursuit of happiness are incomprehensible concepts to our enemies.
But our service men and women protect these unalienable rights with a passion unmatched by those who would try and strip them away.
Our way of life remains under attack
from Al Qaeda and from ISIS and from men like those who tried to bring terror to Ft. Riley and to Eisenhower Airport right here in Kansas.
As many of us enjoy time with family and friends this weekend, let us not forget those who have made the ultimate sacrifice of laying down their lives fighting for God and country.
Today and always, we give thanks to God for the blessing of living in America and for our men and women who protect us by serving as soldiers, sailors, airmen and Marines.
The sacrifice these brave souls made to provide the blanket of freedom which protects all Americans must never be taken for granted.
Sincerely,
Mike Pompeo
Member of Congress
Connect With Mike
NOTE: Please
DO NOT
respond to this email as this
inbox is unattended . To contact my office please
click here
WASHINGTON, DC OFFICE
436 Cannon HOB
Washington, DC 20515
Phone:
(202) 225-6216
Fax:
(202) 225-3489
WICHITA, KS OFFICE
7701 E. Kellogg, Suite 510
Wichita, KS 67207
Phone:
(316) 262-8992
Fax:
(316) 262-5309
UPDATE SUBSCRIPTION OPTIONS
|
PRIVACY POLICY
|
CONTACT US
Click Here Click Here