
If you are having trouble viewing
this message or would like to share it on a social network, you can
view the message
online .
About Lynn
|
Constituent Services
|
Issues
|
Media Center
|
Legislative Center
|
Georgia's Third District
|
Contact Me
May 24, 2015
Happy Memorial Day from Rep.
Westmoreland
Share on
Facebook
Share on
Twitter
Westmoreland Demands Benghazi Documents from
State Department
CLICK HERE
to watch the video of Representative
Westmorelands Special Order on
Benghazi.
Thursday, I took to the House Floor to express my frustration
with the lack of compliance by the State Department in regards to the
House Select Committee on Benghazis investigation. I called attention to
the State Departments stalling, as well as their failure to notify
the committee of Secretary Clintons use of a private server that
hindered the production of emails. During my Special Order, I gave a
timeline of the committees work, crediting the slow pace of the committee
to the lack of compliance by the State
Department:
Weve been asking simple questions. Weve been
given no answers. Here are some additional questions for the
Department. Why are they refusing to produce these emails? What are they
hiding? What is so damaging that they dont want Congress or the American
public to see.
In order to move
forward with the investigation, including questioning Secretary Clinton,
the Select Committee needs all the information first. Unfortunately,
the Select Committee has been forced to subpoena the State Department
multiple times to get simple answers.
I emphasized during the
Special Order that all the questions were of equal priority and it was
the legal responsibility of the State Department to fulfill the
subpoenas issued.
The Select Committee is tasked with providing the
American people with a definitive report of what happened in Benghazi, and
the committee remains committed to finding the whole truth, but the
State Departments questionable and untrustworthy tactics are making it
difficult for the committee to do
so.
CLICK HERE
to view the
entire press release.
CLICK HERE
to view the infographic
listing the non-compliance of the State Department.
Share on Facebook
Share on
Twitter
Join the Conversation
Tell a Friend
E-mail:
In Other News
Capitol Corner: Getting Our Veterans Back to
Work
During Military Appreciation Month this May, we continue to thank
our veterans and active servicemen and women for their dedication to
our protecting our nation...
Laying Down the L.A.W. Blog: House Passes Six Veterans Bills During
Military Appreciation Month
May is Military
Appreciation Month: a time to celebrate those who defend our country, their
families, and our veterans who have served in the U.S.
military...
The Hill: Fight over
Benghazi docs to hit House floor
"We want to
explain to the American people the delays, what's going on with the emails
and what we're going through to try to get them," said Rep. Lynn
Westmoreland (R-Ga.), a member of the Benghazi panel who is organizing the
speeches, known as a "special order."
National Journal: House GOP Rights the ShipFor
Now
...Rep. Lynn Westmoreland, a member of the GOP whip team
who often aligns with conservatives, said part of the solution has been
leadership doing more outreach and bringing a diversity of voices into
the fold
Politico: State
Department plans to release Hillary Clinton's emails in January
2016
The State Department is proposing a deadline of January
2016 to complete its review and public release of 55,000 pages of
emails former Secretary of State Hillary Clinton exchanged on a private
server and turned over to her former agency last
December...
WASHINGTON, DC
OFFICE 2202 Rayburn House Office Bldg Washington, DC 20515 Phone
(202) 225-5901 Fax (202) 225-2515
THIRD
DISTRICT OFFICE
1601-B East Highway 34 Newnan, Georgia 30265 Phone (770)
683-2033 Fax (770) 683-2042
Unsubscribe
|
Update My Profile
|
Privacy Policy
gateway mail end 