
May 29, 2015
Conaway Chronicle: Honoring our Veterans,
Final WOTUS Rule ,
Obama's Illegal Amnesty Plan
__________________________________________
Thank you for reading The Conaway Chronicle, a review of my activities in Congress and the 11th District.
Honoring our Nation's Heroes
The National Mall in Washington, D.C., is surrounded by monuments we have built in tribute to our greatest Americans. From Lincoln to Jefferson to Washington, we remember the American leaders who formed our nation and imbued it with the ideals of liberty and justice for all. But perhaps the most reverential memorials along the National Mall are those dedicated to the memory of the everyday American heroes who fought and sometimes lost their lives. The National World War II Memorial, the Korean War Veterans Memorial, and the Vietnam Veterans Memorial represent the sacrifices made by our parents, our grandparents and all the other individuals who served in years past so that we could live freely as we do today. However, many veterans of these past wars have never been given the opportunity to see the memorials honoring their service.
The Honor Flight organization attempts to repay a small part of the debt we owe our veterans by paying homage to their sacrifice and patriotism. Honor flights provide veterans a chance to reflect and remember the soldiers they served alongside so many years ago, to touch the names etched in stone and to receive the recognition they deserve. In the words of President George Washington, The willingness with which our young people are likely to serve in any war, no matter how justified, shall be directly proportional to how they perceive the Veterans of earlier wars were treated and appreciated by their nation. Without taking the time to honor and recognize the sacrifices of all service members, future generations will never understand how important our men and women of the military really are.
This week, 100 veterans from the Permian Basin are taking an Honor Flight to our nations capital. Many will be in wheelchairs, and many more will have white hair peaking from underneath their ball caps. But they will continue to stand tall as an example of American strength, service and sacrifice. For truly, it was these veterans who ensured that our country did not perish from this earth, and whose selfless actions -- more than anything we can construct -- are the true monuments to the forefathers of our great nation.
Final WOTUS Rule Announced
Wednesday, the Environmental Protection Agency (EPA) and the Army Corps of Engineers announced the final waters of the United States (WOTUS) rule. This rule further obscures the original intent of the Clean Water Act (CWA) by significantly expanding waters subject to federal jurisdiction.
Americas farmers and ranchers deserve a government that will review and address their concerns.
Instead, the process by which this rule was established ignored them. Even input from the states was ignored, clearly displaying the arrogant, "government knows best" attitude ever-present in this Administration.
Through hearings, letters, and public forums we have repeatedly asked the Administration to work with stakeholders to achieve the goals of the CWA rather than act as a schoolyard bully. Our requests were dismissed in favor of the expansion of federal authority despite bipartisan opposition from Congress and the public.
It is ironic that the agencies defense of this rule is that it provides clarity to producers regarding what is and is not regulated. These hollow assurances hold little comfort for farmers and ranchers who will face steep civil fines for any violation.
This is why the House voted overwhelmingly in favor of H.R. 1732, the Regulatory Integrity Protection Act of 2015. We must enact this legislation that forces EPA and the Corps to pull this regulation and do as they should have from the beginning: work with states and local stakeholders to develop a new and proper set of recommendations.
Obama's Illegal Amnesty Plan Takes Another Hit
Tuesday, the Fifth Circuit U.S. Court of Appeals denied President Obama's request to begin implementation of his illegal amnesty plan. The President disregarded the will of the people when he implemented his illegal amnesty plan last year. The President himself even said over 20 times that he did not have the authority to act on immigration in the manner that he did.
The State of Texas stepped up to lead a lawsuit against the Administration to stop the Presidents executive action from becoming our nations new immigration policy, and this decision is another step in the right direction. The fight is no where near over, but I'm proud to stand with the State of Texas as we lead this fight against the President's illegal executive action.
As always, you can follow me on
Facebook ,
YouTube , and
Twitter .
Sincerely,
Rep. Mike Conaway, 11th District
Click Here
to view this email in your browser
Click Here
to be removed from this list