
NOTE: Please DO NOT respond to this email as this inbox is unattended. To contact my office please
click here
ABOUT
SERVICES
ISSUES &amp; LEGISLATION
MEDIA CENTER
RESOURCES
CONTACT
ESPAOL
Friday, May 22, 2015
WEBSITE
|
FORWARD TO A FRIEND
| SHARE ON:
Marc's Memo
Celebrating May is "Health &amp; Fitness Month" in the Metroplex &amp; D.C.
Dear Friends,
It is no secret that increasing daily physical activity and incorporating more nutritious foods into our lives can lead to better health, yet our schedules are filled with a range of responsibilities can sometimes make us put our health on the backburner. Its time to stop all the excuses we have all told ourselves at one time or another and act for our health now. According to the Center for Disease Control, there has been a steady increase in obesity in the United States during the past 20 years. More than one-third of U.S. adults and approximately 12.7 million children and adolescents aged 219 years are obese. Texas ranks at the 15 th
most obese state with over 30 percent of our state population classified as overweight or obese.
That is why during the month of May, I challenged our countrys health and fitness goals by inviting health care providers, nutrition and fitness industry experts, policy makers, the media and individuals to learn more about and encourage healthy, active lifestyle choices.
This month, I worked to emphasize the wide reaching health benefits of learning about nutrition and physical activity by introducing a resolution to recognize May as Health and Fitness Month, and organizing events in the DFW Metroplex and Washington D.C. to emphasize education and awareness.
To conclude May is Health and Fitness Month, please join me for a free lunch and healthy cooking demonstration with Chef Brenda Johnson on Saturday, May 30 at 11 a.m. at Nash-Davis Recreation Center.
Space is limited, so please RSVP.
As always, I invite you to connect with me through my
official website ,
Facebook page , and
Twitter account
to stay informed of what I am working on in the District and in D.C.
Sincerely,
Congressman Marc Veasey, TX-33
Rep. Veasey Celebrates Success of Health &amp; Fitness events in DFW and Washington D.C.
On Friday May 1, 2015, I renewed my yearly pledge to health and fitness by introducing House Resolution 249 for the third year in a row. House Resolution 249 would designate the month of May as Health and Fitness Month. My resolution aims to ensure that our country pledges to make health and fitness a priority every day, so that all Americans can live to their maximum potential.
As the resolution circulated for support, I organized a variety of health and fitness events throughout the 33 rd
Congressional District and Washington D.C. to help educate Americans of all backgrounds on the healthier choices they can make every day.
CD33 Residents Join Congressman Veaseys Yearly Pledge to Health and Fitness
On Saturday, May 16, 2015, I hosted a free community fitness day at Tarrant County College that provided residents in the 33 rd
Congressional District the opportunity for interactive health demonstrations with a range of organizations dedicated to making health and fitness a priority in North Texas.
Caption: The Texas Rangers six shooters lead CD33 Community Fitness Day participants and Congressman Veasey in a lively dance workout at Tarrant County College.
Caption: At Tarrant County College, Eugene McCray Community Centers seniors demonstrate that health and fitness matters at every age as they work out alongside Congressman Veasey.
To view
high-resolution photos of Community Fitness Day,
click here .
Congressional Health &amp; Fitness Expo Gets D.C. Moving
On Wednesday May 13, 2015, I organized my second annual Congressional Health &amp; Fitness Expo to provide quick tips, healthy activity demos, and snacks for healthy living for staffers and visitors to our Capitol.
Caption: Congressional Health &amp; Fitness Expo attendees learn about the various ways to eat healthier and be more active every day from participating organizations.
Caption: Nike trainer and Nationals president, Abe take a break from guiding Health &amp; Fitness Expo attendees through a series of workouts in Rayburn Foyer.
Caption: Congressman Marc Veasey (TX -33) discusses with participant organizations the different nutritional choices Americans can make every day for better health
To view high-resolution photos of my Congressional Health &amp; Fitness Expo,
click here .
Congressman Veasey Introduces DREAMer Amendment to Boost Military Readiness
On Wednesday May 13, 2015, as the National Defense Authorization Act went to the House floor for consideration, I was proud to join with U.S. Congressman Ruben Gallego, AZ-7,
at a press conference to discuss our DREAMer amendments that both passed out of the House Armed Services Committee by a bipartisan vote.
I was proud to introduce an amendment directing the Department of Defense to evaluate how DACA and other deferred action programs would affect military recruiting efforts because I believe these executive actions on immigration will be shown to greatly improve our military readiness. Congressman Gallego also introduced an amendment that encourages the Secretary of Defense to consider allowing DREAMers into the military, which I was proud to support.
Caption: Congressman Veasey (TX-33) alongside Congressman Ruben Gallego (AZ-7) speaks on his NDAA
amendment that encourages the Secretary of Defense to consider allowing DREAMers into the military.
Veasey Staff Joins Congressmans Pledge to Health and Fitness
On Wednesday May 20, 2015, my staff and I participated in the ACLI Capital Challenge, a 3 mile team race in Anacostia Park in Washington, D.C. Proceeds from the race went toward the
Fidelco Guide Dog Foundation .
Caption: Congressman Veasey gathers for a quick group photo with House staffers Stefan Alexander, Paloma Perez, Beth Lynk and Yesner Zamar before running 3 miles.
Congressman Veasey Invites CD33 for his final Health &amp; Fitness Month Event on May 30, 2015
To conclude May is Health and Fitness Month, please join me for my Cooking with Your Congressman event. Join me on Saturday, May 30, 2015 for a free lunch and healthy cooking demonstration with Chef Brenda at 11 a.m at Nash-Davis Recreation Center.
Space is limited, so please RSVP.
Congressmans Veaseys Tips for Everyday Health &amp; Fitness
The road to living a healthy lifestyle can sometimes seem like a long journey with many obstacles in our daily lives keeping us from investing in our health. For this reason, it can be easier to make smaller changes every day. Below, I want to share some of my favorite tips to make health a priority every day.
How to eat healthier when enjoying a meal out with friends and family
Hack the menu in half : Even on the hungriest day, the average restaurant portion can be twice the recommended calories for one meal.
When eating out, eat half your meal at the restaurant and take the other half to-go for later in the day. This simple step will cut the calories you consume in half while allowing you to enjoy a meal out with friends and loved ones.
Appetizers are the new entre : Given the portion inflation that often occurs at restaurants, one of the easiest ways to enjoy a meal without going over your recommended calorie intake is to order an appetizer. Appetizers tend to be smaller portions, but with the full flavor of a main entre.
Watch out for liquid calorie overload:
Those delicious shakes we love to enjoy at our favorite burger spot or Frappuccino from a local coffee shop are often 400 calories or more. Although delicious, opting for a glass of water is a way to save calories for the main course.
The In-Between Votes Workout
Between constituent meetings, committee mark-ups, floor votes and my other daily responsibilities, I can find it hard to get in my daily exercise. For this reason, I do all I can to sneak in physical activity. Check out my 15 minute workout and exercises that you can do at work or home below. These short exercises can be fit in at nearly any point in our day to keep our hearts healthy and our bodies moving.
Tips for a Quick Office Workout
Walk to the water fountain and back 5 times
Do 10 incline pushups using your desk
Use your chair to do 20 tricep dips
Do 25 air squats
Take a 30 sec powerwalk around the office
March in place for 50 seconds
Take the stairs instead of the elevator
Contact Me
E-Newsletter Sign-Up
Help with a Federal Agency
Flag Request
Visit Washington, D.C.
Friday, May 29th
Marc Means Business
Dallas Parks and Recreation
8 AM - Noon
3080 S. Hampton Rd. Dallas TX
Saturday, May 30th
Cooking With Your Congressman
11 AM
12:30 PM
Nash-Davis Recreation Center
3710 North Hampton
Dallas, TX 75212
CONNECT WITH ME
Washington, DC Office
414 Cannon House Office Building
Washington, DC 20515
P: (202) 225-9897
F: (202) 225-9702
Dallas District Office
JP Morgan Chase Building
1881 Sylvan Ave., Ste. 108
Dallas, TX 75208
P: (214) 741-1387
F: (214) 741-2026
Fort Worth District Office
Office Tower at La Gran Plaza
4200 South Freeway, Suite 412
Fort Worth, TX 76115
P: (817) 920-9086
F: (817) 920-9324
NOTE: Please DO NOT respond to this email as this inbox is unattended. To contact my office please
click here
Caption: Congressional Health &amp; Fitness Expo attendees learn about the various ways to eat healthier and be more active every day from participating organizations.
Click Here Click Here