
May 8, 2015
IN THIS ISSUE:
Senator Collins Hailed as a Champion of Bipartisanship and Compromise
Senate Aging Committee Examines Ways that Technology Can Help Seniors
Remain in Their Homes.
Senator Collins Introduces Bipartisan Small Business Legislation and
Honors Award-Winning Small Business from Maine
Senator Collins Honors Prudential Spirit of Community Award Winners
Senator Collins Questions Top Defense Officials on Navy's 30-Year
Shipbuilding Plan
Meeting with Mainers
WEEKLY COLUMN
"Recognizing the Next Generation of Leaders"
By: Senator Susan Collins
One of the greatest privileges I enjoy while serving Maine in the
United States Senate is the opportunity to meet outstanding young
people from our state who have devoted part of their busy lives to
carrying on Maine's strong tradition of community service. I always
come away from these meetings inspired by their commitment and
encouraged for the future of our State and our nation.
I recently had the opportunity to meet two such remarkable young people
- Meghan Charest of Falmouth and Kevin Ayotte of Madawaska - when they
were in Washington to receive the 2015 Prudential Spirit of Community
awards, which recognize students for exemplary community service.
Although they have dedicated themselves to different types of civic
involvement, Meghan and Kevin are united by a desire to make their
communities better, to encourage others to get involved, and to grow
personally from their experiences.
>From nearly 20,000 nominees nationwide, only two students from each
state are selected for this recognition. This year marks the 20th
anniversary of the Prudential Spirit of Community Awards, the largest
youth recognition program based entirely on community service, so it
was a particular honor to congratulate these two young Mainers.
Meghan, a 16-year-old junior at Falmouth High School, provides people
in need in her community with fresh, organic produce through her
community garden. After volunteering at the Falmouth Food Pantry and
seeing how little fresh produce was available, Meghan was inspired to
start her garden as a sustainable, effective way to provide healthier
foods for the people using the food pantry. Her garden yields about 500
pounds of food per year.
Working with the food pantry coordinators, Meghan researched which
crops have high yields and found community members willing to donate
space for a garden. Meghan then secured a grant to buy gardening
equipment; and spoke at schools, Girl Scout meetings and civic clubs to
recruit volunteers. She and her team went to work planting, watering,
weeding, harvesting produce and making weekly deliveries to the food
pantry.
Meghan later enlisted the help of a master gardener who taught her more
about growing healthy food. She moved her operation to a larger garden,
and began using social media to recruit more volunteers. She also began
raising money to maintain the garden by setting up fundraising tables
at garden centers. Today, Meghan's garden is the primary source of
fresh produce for the food pantry, which serves about 900 people in her
community. Meghan said that organizing and working in the garden helped
her "realize the power, strength and grace that come with helping
others."
To read the rest of Senator Collins' weekly column click here
.
Senator Collins Hailed as a Champion of Bipartisanship and Compromise
Earlier this week, Senator Collins participated in a panel alongside
former New Jersey Senator Bill Bradley and National Journal Senior
Political Columnist and Editorial Director, Ron Fournier. The panel,
"Beyond Partisanship: Breaking Washington's Political Gridlock," was
moderated by National Journal Contributing Editor and Columnist Norm
Ornstein before an audience of one thousand members of the American
Hospital Association. During the panel, Senator Collins discussed the
importance of bipartisanship and compromise, and also her role in
ending the 2013 government shutdown.
Just days after Senator Collins' participation in the panel, she was
featured in the Boston Globe where she was lauded as "a catalyst for
compromise."
"Maine's Susan Collins a Force for Consensus"
>From the Boston Globe
"WASHINGTON - The Senate's first attempt at regular bipartisan lunches
this year began with a telling choice: the tastes of Maine.
"The February menu featured lobster salad, wild blueberry pies, and the
indulgence of Gifford's Ice Cream. The ingredients for this buffet of
good will came from the home state of Senator Susan Collins, a
Republican long known for her moderate views and willingness to find
compromise.
Photo courtesy of the Boston Globe
"She seemed a fitting host for a new Republican-led Senate determined
to rectify the dysfunction that has mired Congress. As senators
struggle to pass even innocuous bills, Collins is emerging as a
lifeline for moderate Democrats and a counterbalance to the GOP's right
flank - a catalyst for compromise in a sea of intractable ideologies.
..
"And she has an opportunity this session to test her skill as a
prominent dealmaker on challenging issues that range from raising the
minimum wage to financing long-term repairs for the country's crumbling
infrastructure.
"'The Senate is supposed to be the greatest deliberative body in the
world, and in the last two years, we don't seem to have done much
deliberating,' Collins said in her Capitol Hill office, filled with
home state mementos from her nearly two decades in office.
To read the full Boston Globe article click here
.
Senate Aging Committee Examines Ways that Technology Can Help Seniors
Remain in Their Homes
-
To watch this clip click here
or
the play button above
This week, the Senate Special Committee on Aging, led by Chairman Susan
Collins, held a hearing titled, "Aging in Place: Can Advancements in
Technology Help Seniors Live Independently?" The Committee examined how
technological developments such as telehealth, electronic sensors, and
medical alert devices have played a role in helping seniors to stay in
their homes longer than they otherwise would have.
Senator Collins invited Dr. Carol Kim, Vice President for Research at
the University of Maine in Orono, to testify about the University's
efforts on this topic.
In the hearing, Senator Collins asked Dr. Kim where the University
comes up with the ideas for the technology and products they are
developing. In response, Dr. Kim shared a story about a group of
students who met with residents at a local assisted living facility and
in just one hour, were able to come up with a list of 50 products that
would be helpful to the seniors in the community.
Senator Collins Introduces Bipartisan Small Business Legislation and
Honors Award-Winning Small Business from Maine
Leading into the Small Business Administration's (SBA) 52nd annual
small business week, Senators Susan Collins and Bob Casey (D-PA)
introduced bipartisan legislation known as "The Small Business Tax
Certainty and Growth Act." This legislation would bring much-needed
certainty back to the U.S. tax code, empowering small businesses with
the predictability needed for growth by allowing small businesses to
create and implement long-term capital investment plans. In addition,
this legislation would lower the expenses associated with starting a
new business and ease complex accounting rules and administrative
burdens placed on small businesses.
In addition to her bipartisan bill, Senator Collins joined with Senator
Angus King to congratulate Loyal Biscuit Co., a small business in
Maine, on their selection as the State Small Business Award Winner of
2015. This award, a part of U.S. Small Business Administration's (SBA)
52nd National Small Business Week highlights the impact and
accomplishments of American small businesses.
The Loyal Biscuit Co. is an award winning, family owned, dog and cat
supply store with locations in Belfast, Camden, Rockland and
Waterville.
To read the full press release on "The Small Business Tax Certainty and
Growth Act" click here
.
Senator Collins Honors Prudential Spirit of Community Award Winners
This week, Senator Collins met with two students from Maine who are the
recipients of the 2015 Prudential Spirit of Community Award. This
year's winners are Meghan Charest, a junior at Falmouth High School,
and Kevin Ayotte, an eighth-grader from Madawaska Middle/High School.
This award is given to the top two youth volunteers from each state.
Meghan is being recognized for her work helping to provide people in
need with fresh, organic produce through her community garden. Kevin is
being honored for his work performing a wide variety of important jobs
for the Four Seasons Trail Association in Madawaska.
Senator Collins Questions Top Defense Officials on Navy's 30-Year
Shipbuilding Plan
To watch this clip click here
or the play button above
This week, Senator Collins questioned top Defense officials during a
hearing about the viability of the Navy's 30 year-shipbuilding plan and
the status of the DoD's current efforts to preserve a robust
shipbuilding industrial base.
Last month, the Navy presented its 30-year shipbuilding plan to
Congress for fiscal year 2016. This annual long-range plan for
construction of naval vessels calls for 308 ships over the 30-year
period, however funding for Navy shipbuilding falls short of the plan's
requirements. Based on the information provided in the plan, Senator
Collins asked Defense Secretary Ashton Carter how the Department of
Defense intended to "preserve a robust shipbuilding industrial base"
that can meet our operational requirements across the globe.
In response, Secretary Carter stated that "one of the great strengths
of our country is our ability to project power around the world. The
Navy is an important ingredient of that." The Secretary stated that
U.S. ships have been able to "dominate the naval commons" because of
the quality and size of our fleet. He recognized that ships,
"particularly ships of quality that are made at Bath.are not one year
projects" and require sustained long-term planning and funding. He
emphasized the Department of Defense's commitment to maintaining a
"robust industrial base" for our Navy to preserve this critical
capability.
To read the full press release click here
.
Meeting with Mainers
Senator Collins always makes time to meet individually with
constituents- either Mainers who are visiting Washington, D.C. or at
home in Maine.
She values hearing from Mainers on a wide range of topics. Here are a
few photos from recent meetings:
Top Left: Students from South Bristol School
Bottom Left: Moody's Collision Center's
Right: Maine Representatives from the National Brain Tumor Society
OFFICE OF SENATOR SUSAN COLLINS
413 Dirksen Senate Office Building
Washington, D.C. 20510
Phone: (202) 224-2523
Fax: (202) 224-2693
To UNSUBSCRIBE, please click here
DEFAULT TABLE ATTRIBUTES ARE:
DEFAULT TD STYLE IS:
DEFAULT LEFT SIDEBAR IS:
DEFAULT RIGHT COLUMN IS:
Can't
see the images? Make sure your e-mail is set to download pictures in order to see the full content
of this e-newsletter.
May
8, 2015
IN
THIS ISSUE:
Senator Collins Hailed as a Champion of Bipartisanship and Compromise
Senate Aging Committee
Examines Ways that Technology Can Help Seniors Remain in Their Homes.
Senator Collins Introduces
Bipartisan Small Business Legislation and Honors Award-Winning Small Business from Maine
Senator Collins Honors
Prudential Spirit of Community Award Winners
Senator Collins Questions Top Defense Officials on Navy&#8217;s 30-Year
Shipbuilding Plan
Meeting with Mainers
WEEKLY COLUMN
"Recognizing the Next Generation of Leaders"
By: Senator Susan Collins
One of the greatest privileges I enjoy while serving Maine in the United States Senate
is the opportunity to meet outstanding young people from our state who have devoted part of their busy
lives to carrying on Maine&#8217;s strong tradition of community service. I always come away from these
meetings inspired by their commitment and encouraged for the future of our State and our nation.
I recently had the opportunity to meet two such remarkable young people &#8211; Meghan Charest
of Falmouth and Kevin Ayotte of Madawaska &#8211; when they were in Washington to receive the 2015 Prudential
Spirit of Community awards, which recognize students for exemplary community service. Although they have
dedicated themselves to different types of civic involvement, Meghan and Kevin are united by a desire
to make their communities better, to encourage others to get involved, and to grow personally from their
experiences.
From nearly 20,000 nominees nationwide, only two students from each state are selected for this
recognition. This year marks the 20th anniversary of the Prudential Spirit of Community Awards, the largest
youth recognition program based entirely on community service, so it was a particular honor to congratulate
these two young Mainers.
Meghan, a 16-year-old junior at Falmouth High School, provides people in need in her community
with fresh, organic produce through her community garden. After volunteering at the Falmouth Food Pantry
and seeing how little fresh produce was available, Meghan was inspired to start her garden as a sustainable,
effective way to provide healthier foods for the people using the food pantry. Her garden yields about
500 pounds of food per year.
Working with the food pantry coordinators, Meghan researched which crops have high yields and
found community members willing to donate space for a garden. Meghan then secured a grant to buy gardening
equipment; and spoke at schools, Girl Scout meetings and civic clubs to recruit volunteers. She and her
team went to work planting, watering, weeding, harvesting produce and making weekly deliveries to the
food pantry.
Meghan later enlisted the help of a master gardener who taught her more about growing healthy
food. She moved her operation to a larger garden, and began using social media to recruit more volunteers.
She also began raising money to maintain the garden by setting up fundraising tables at garden centers.
Today, Meghan&#8217;s garden is the primary source of fresh produce for the food pantry, which serves
about 900 people in her community. Meghan said that organizing and working in the garden helped her &#8220;realize
the power, strength and grace that come with helping others.&#8221;
To read the rest of Senator Collins' weekly column click
here .
Senator
Collins Hailed as a Champion of Bipartisanship and Compromise
Earlier this week, Senator Collins participated in a panel alongside former New Jersey Senator Bill
Bradley and National Journal Senior Political Columnist and Editorial Director, Ron Fournier. The panel,
"Beyond Partisanship: Breaking Washington's Political Gridlock," was moderated by National Journal Contributing
Editor and Columnist Norm Ornstein before an audience of one thousand members of the American Hospital
Association. During the panel, Senator Collins discussed the importance of bipartisanship and compromise,
and also her role in ending the 2013 government shutdown.
Just days after Senator Collins&#8217; participation in the panel, she was featured in the
Boston
Globe
where she was lauded as &#8220;a catalyst for compromise."
"Maine&#8217;s Susan Collins a Force for Consensus"
From the
Boston
Globe
"WASHINGTON &#8212; The Senate&#8217;s first attempt at regular bipartisan lunches
this year began with a telling choice: the tastes of Maine.
"The February menu featured lobster salad, wild blueberry pies, and
the indulgence of Gifford&#8217;s Ice Cream. The ingredients for this buffet of good will came from the
home state of Senator Susan Collins, a Republican long known for her moderate views and willingness to
find compromise.
Photo
courtesy of the Boston Globe
&#8220;She seemed a fitting host for a new Republican-led Senate
determined to rectify the dysfunction that has mired Congress. As senators struggle to pass even innocuous
bills, Collins is emerging as a lifeline for moderate Democrats and a counterbalance to the GOP&#8217;s
right flank &#8212; a catalyst for compromise in a sea of intractable ideologies.
...
&#8220;And she has an opportunity this session to test her skill as a prominent
dealmaker on challenging issues that range from raising the minimum wage to financing long-term repairs
for the country&#8217;s crumbling infrastructure.
&#8220;&#8216;The Senate is supposed to be the greatest deliberative body in the world,
and in the last two years, we don&#8217;t seem to have done much deliberating,&#8217; Collins said in
her Capitol Hill office, filled with home state mementos from her nearly two decades in office. &#8230;
To read the full Boston Globe article click
here .
Senate Aging Committee Examines Ways that Technology
Can Help Seniors Remain in Their Homes
- To
watch this clip click
here
or the play button above
This week, the Senate Special Committee on Aging, led by Chairman Susan Collins, held a hearing titled,
&#8220;Aging in Place: Can Advancements in Technology Help Seniors Live Independently?&#8221; The Committee
examined how technological developments such as telehealth, electronic sensors, and medical alert devices
have played a role in helping seniors to stay in their homes longer than they otherwise would have.
Senator Collins invited Dr. Carol Kim, Vice President for Research at the University of Maine in
Orono, to testify about the University&#8217;s efforts on this topic.
In the hearing, Senator Collins asked Dr. Kim where the University comes up with the ideas for the
technology and products they are developing. In response, Dr. Kim shared a story about a group of students
who met with residents at a local assisted living facility and in just one hour, were able to come up
with a list of 50 products that would be helpful to the seniors in the community.
Senator Collins Introduces Bipartisan Small Business
Legislation and Honors Award-Winning Small Business from Maine
Leading into the Small Business Administration's (SBA) 52nd annual small business week,
Senators Susan Collins and Bob Casey (D-PA) introduced bipartisan legislation known as "The Small Business
Tax Certainty and Growth Act." This legislation would bring much-needed certainty back to the U.S. tax
code, empowering small businesses with the predictability needed for growth by allowing small businesses
to create and implement long-term capital investment plans. In addition, this legislation would lower
the expenses associated with starting a new business and ease complex accounting rules and administrative
burdens placed on small businesses.
In addition to her bipartisan bill, Senator Collins joined with Senator Angus King to
congratulate Loyal Biscuit Co., a small business in Maine, on their selection as the State Small Business
Award Winner of 2015. This award, a part of U.S. Small Business Administration&#8217;s (SBA) 52nd National
Small Business Week highlights the impact and accomplishments of American small businesses.
The Loyal Biscuit Co. is an award winning, family owned, dog and cat supply store with locations
in Belfast, Camden, Rockland and Waterville.
To read the full press release on "The Small Business Tax Certainty and Growth
Act" click
here .
Senator Collins Honors Prudential Spirit of
Community Award Winners
This week, Senator Collins met with two students from Maine who are the recipients of the 2015 Prudential
Spirit of Community Award. This year's winners are Meghan Charest, a junior at Falmouth High School,
and Kevin Ayotte, an eighth-grader from Madawaska Middle/High School. This award is given to the top
two youth volunteers from each state.
Meghan is being recognized for her work helping to provide people in need with fresh, organic produce
through her community garden. Kevin is being honored for his work performing a wide variety of important
jobs for the Four Seasons Trail Association in Madawaska.
Senator Collins Questions Top Defense Officials
on Navy&#8217;s 30-Year Shipbuilding Plan
To
watch this clip click
here
or the play button above
This week, Senator Collins questioned top Defense officials during a hearing about the viability
of the Navy&#8217;s 30 year-shipbuilding plan and the status of the DoD&#8217;s current efforts to preserve
a robust shipbuilding industrial base.
Last month, the Navy presented its 30-year shipbuilding plan to Congress for fiscal year 2016. This
annual long-range plan for construction of naval vessels calls for 308 ships over the 30-year period,
however funding for Navy shipbuilding falls short of the plan&#8217;s requirements. Based on the information
provided in the plan, Senator Collins asked Defense Secretary Ashton Carter how the Department of Defense
intended to &#8220;preserve a robust shipbuilding industrial base&#8221; that can meet our operational
requirements across the globe.
In response, Secretary Carter stated that &#8220;one of the great strengths of our country is
our ability to project power around the world. The Navy is an important ingredient of that.&#8221; The
Secretary stated that U.S. ships have been able to &#8220;dominate the naval commons&#8221; because of
the quality and size of our fleet. He recognized that ships, &#8220;particularly ships of quality that
are made at Bath&#8230;are not one year projects&#8221; and require sustained long-term planning and
funding. He emphasized the Department of Defense&#8217;s commitment to maintaining a &#8220;robust industrial
base&#8221; for our Navy to preserve this critical capability.
To read the full press release click
here .
Meeting
with Mainers
Senator Collins always makes time to meet individually with constituents&#8212; either Mainers who
are visiting Washington, D.C. or at home in Maine.
She values hearing from Mainers on a wide range of topics. Here are a few photos from recent meetings:
Top Left: Students from South Bristol School
Bottom Left: Moody's Collision Center's
Right:
Maine Representatives from the National Brain Tumor Society
OFFICE OF SENATOR SUSAN COLLINS
413 Dirksen Senate Office Building Washington,
D.C. 20510 Phone: (202) 224-2523 Fax: (202) 224-2693
To UNSUBSCRIBE,
please
click here
