
If you are having trouble viewing
this message or would like to share it on a social network, you can
view the message
online .
June 07, 2015
Website
|
About Me
|
Contact Me
|
Serving You
|
Media Center
|
Legislative Work
|
Our District
|
Resources
PEARCE: EPA REPORT RECONFIRMS SAFETY OF
HYDRAULIC FRACTURING
Following the release of its
extensive study on hydraulic fracturing and drinking water, the
Environmental Protection Agency (EPA) concluded that hydraulic fracturing is
safe and poses no threat to drinking water.
U.S. Rep. Steve
Pearce of New Mexico issued this statement:
Todays EPA report
confirms what we have known all along, that hydraulic fracturing is
being done safely by the oil and gas industry, stated
Pearce.
We have been responsibly hydraulic fracturing for over 50 years and
should continue to do so to further Americas energy security, create
jobs, and lower energy prices for American families. This report
provides more proof that state regulations are sufficient in protecting
our water. For this reason I would call on the administration to
withdraw their unnecessary hydraulic fracturing rule that would increase
federal regulation for no reason, Pearce added.
The study by
the EPA was commissioned at the request of Congress as part of the
EPAs Fiscal Year 2010 appropriations. After examining over 950 sources of
information, the agency found no signs of widespread, systemic
drinking water impact caused by hydraulic fracturing.
According to
the EPA, it is the most complete compilation of scientific data to
date on hydraulic fracturing as it relates to drinking water.
Neither the EPA nor any state regulatory agency has ever found
a documented case of contamination of underground drinking water
caused by the hydraulic fracturing
process.
PEARCE VOTES TO PLACE SAFETY, SECURITY, AND INNOVATION
FIRST
By a vote of 242-183, the U.S. House of
Representatives passed the Fiscal Year 2016 Commerce, Justice, Science and Related
Agencies Appropriations Act, H.R. 2578. U.S. Rep. Steve Pearce
released this statement following his vote for passage:
The
American people have demanded a more accountable and effective federal
government, stated Pearce.
A core function of Congresss job is
to appropriate funds for Executive Department operations in the year to
come.
This is not simply a procedural, symbolic action, it is a
critical oversight and efficiency responsibility -- to ensure the
government is working as desired by the American people.
With the
passage of H.R. 2578, the House continues its commitment to bring up
and pass all 12 appropriations bills this
summer.
Commerce-Justice-Science programs play a huge role in New Mexicos
economy and safety. The bill ensures our law enforcement officers in New
Mexico and across the nation have the resources needed to keep our
communities safe.
It targets wasteful and fraudulent actions by
federal agencies, such as ATFs attempt to limit the sale of ammunition, and
prevents future attempts.
Additionally, HR 2578 strongly
supports increased efforts in cybersecurity and information security to
protect against rogue nations, terrorist organizations, and individuals
intent on stealing sensitive government and business data.
The
bill also works to address a number of important priorities including
human trafficking, violence against women, and updating and modernizing
our state and local law enforcement victim assistance
programs.
Todays bill also supports key science programs that
promote and enhance innovation, research, and technological
development centered in New Mexico and across the country.
Strongly
supporting NASAs space communications work, National Science Foundation
(NSF) radio astronomy efforts, Space Grant and EPSCoR--Experimental
Program to Stimulate Competitive Research--will have a profound impact on
employment and development within our state.
Background
provided by the House Appropriations Committee:
H.R.
2578 contains $51.4 billion in total discretionary funding, an increase
of $1.3 billion over fiscal year 2015 and $661 million below the
Presidents request for these programs. The bill prioritizes funding for
law enforcement, national security, science, and space exploration
programs.
Click
here
for a detailed
legislative summary.
PEARCE: CFPB
MISSES THE MARK AGAIN
This week, the Consumer
Financial Protection Bureau (CFPB) responded to calls for a hold harmless
period TILA-RESPA Integrated Disclosure (TRID) rule. Director Cordray
announced a policy of sensitivity in oversight of good faith actors.
U.S. Rep. Steve Pearce issued the following statement in
response:
Buying a home is often the largest purchase a family ever
makes. While exciting and transformative for the prosperity of a family,
it is also extremely confusing, nerve-racking and complicated at
times. This should never be the case. The home buying experience should be
as transparent and open as possible. In November 2013, CFPB issued a
rule that has the ability to do just that.
Unfortunately,
the rule, which would consolidate the reporting requirements
associated with buying a home to make the process and the true cost more
transparent, included an implementation date that is unfeasible and will
have a profoundly negative impact on our economy if not
addressed.
Since the finalization of the rule, businesses have been working
to meet the August 1, 2015 deadline.
Despite a concerted effort
to meet the demands of the August implementation date, a billion
dollars spent by industry to train staff, procure needed new technology
and hire additional employees, will not be enough to meet CFPBs
unobtainable requirements. If not changed, the uncertainty would cause fewer
homes to be sold during the peak sales season
the end of summer
before school starts.
Todays lackluster response from
Director Cordray, despite national calls, and repeated bipartisan letters
from Congress urging a defined hold harmless period, clearly shows the
agencys disconnect from the American people and the state of our
economy.
The nondescript and weak announcement from CFPB creates even
greater uncertainty in the housing market, at the worst possible time
of the year.
Sadly, only one path remains to provide the
certainty that families and individuals wanting to buy a home deserve
-- passage of HR 2213 -- my bipartisan legislation, which I introduced
with Democrat U.S. Rep. Brad Sherman.
Strongly supported by
industries, trade associations, and businesses alike, our legislation
would mandate a 5-month hold harmless period to ensure that those involved
in the housing market can continue to serve the millions wanting to
buy a home, while also working with CFPB to correct any flaws or
unintended consequence in the new consolidation rule.
I urge my
colleagues in the House to join me in supporting HR 2213, and will be
working with Chairman Hensarling of the Financial Services Committee
and Majority Leader McCarthy to pass this legislation through the House
as quickly as possible.
PEARCE
STATEMENT ON MILESTONE AT WIPP
Congressman Pearce
responded to the Department of Energy (DOE) and the New Mexico
Environmental Departments announcement regarding isolation of all waste
containers responsible for last years radiological release and the
temporary closure of the Waste Isolation Pilot Plant
(WIPP):
Todays announcement by the DOE and NMED marks another step forward on
the important pathway to recovery for WIPP, stated
Pearce.
The objective has always been to reopen when all safety measures were
completed.
This successful step shows that WIPP is making
progress toward that goal.
It also clears the way for the critical
work to implement new, permanent safety standards that will protect
WIPPs irreplaceable employees and the community.
Pearce
continued:
WIPPs mission is vital to the environment and to national
security.
As Ive said, the community acceptance of the site is
a national treasure.
I am pleased to see that DOE and the
contractor are working responsibly with the State to cure the problem and
to keep their commitment to the Carlsbad community.
This is good
news, especially for the plants hard-working employees and their
families.
I look forward to continuing to work with DOE, the
contractor, the state, and the community to ensure that WIPP resumes
operations as safely and as soon as possible, he
concluded.
Temporary closure of the affected areas fulfills a significant state
requirement for full recovery and the restart of plant
operations.
CHECK OUT CONGRESSIONAL REVIEW WITH
CONGRESSMAN STEVE PEARCE
Have you heard "Congressional
Review" this week? Every weekend, I'm on the radio across New Mexico
discussing important legislation, events in New Mexico, and my work in
Congress. Be sure to tune in! If you haven't heard the show, call your
local radio station to ask when Congressional Review is on the air in
your hometown!
To listen to this week's Congressional
Review, click
here.
Remember, I always look forward to hearing your thoughts on how to
help job growth, veterans, and other issues important to New
Mexicans.
If you have any ideas, suggestions, or concerns, you can contact
my office through
Facebook ,
Twitter ,
my website
or by calling
855-4-PEARCE.
Washington, DC
2432 Rayburn House Office Building |
Washington, DC 20515
Phone: 855-4-PEARCE (732723) or (202)
225-2365
Las Cruces
570 N
Telshor Blvd
Las Cruces, NM 88011
Phone: 855-4-PEARCE
(732723)
Roswell
1717 W 2nd Street, Suite
100
Roswell, NM 88201
Phone: 855-4-PEARCE (732723)
Socorro
111 School of Mines Road
Socorro, NM 87801
Phone:
855-4-PEARCE (732723)
Alamogordo
1101
New York Avenue, Room 115
Alamogordo, NM 88310
Phone:
855-4-PEARCE (732723)
Hobbs
200 East Broadway, Suite 200
Hobbs, NM
88240
Phone: 855-4-PEARCE (732723)
Los
Lunas
3445 Lambros Loop NE
Los Lunas, NM 87031
Phone: 855-4-PEARCE
(732723)
Update My Profile
-
Unsubscribe
-
Privacy
Policy
gateway mail
end 