 Mail begin
If you are having trouble viewing this
message or would like to share it on a social network, you can
view the message online .
Home
About Deb
Constituent Services
News Room
Priorities
Contact
Deb
May 28, 2015
Dear Friends,
Citizens across Nebraska and
our nation were shocked last week by the loss of Omaha Police Officer
Kerrie Orozco, who was killed in the line of duty. This is a terrible
tragedy, and words cannot express my deep sadness. Officer Orozco was
a mother, an excellent police officer, and a role model to us all. I
join all Nebraskans in offering love and support to her family during
this difficult time.
Also this month, we
mourned the death of Captain Dustin Lukasiewicz of Wilcox
the Marine
Corps helicopter pilot who gave his life while searching for the
victims of the massive Nepal earthquake. By forging into danger to rescue
strangers in a distant land, Captain Lukasiewicz represented the ideals
of our nation and personified Americas mission as a force for good in
the world. My thoughts and prayers are with his loved ones as they
cope with this tragic loss. His service to our nation will be remembered
by the heroic mission he served.
As we observed
Memorial Day this past weekend, we were reminded of those who made
the ultimate sacrifice. Officer Orozco and Captain Lukasiewicz represent
the very best of Nebraska and our nation. We must continue to honor
their lives by showing our gratitude and remembering the cost of our
freedom.
Please read on for the latest news
and updates from my office this month.
E-mail Updates
Yes, please
periodically send me e-mail updates.*
*By subscribing to my
e-mail updates, you are authorizing me
to send regular e-mail updates from my office to your e-mail
account.
Build USA Act
This month, I was proud to introduce a
new transportation bill known as the
Build USA Act . Core infrastructure projects have
been at a standstill across the country due to excessive regulations
and a lack of transportation funding. Meanwhile, millions of Americans
sit in endless traffic jams on decaying roads as construction projects
remain stalled. To get America moving, the Build USA Act would create
the American Infrastructure Bank (AIB) and offer states new financing
and funding tools to generate transportation projects.
The bill
is modeled off a plan I championed in Nebraska that has led to
successful projects in Buffalo County, South Sioux City, Scottsbluff, and
Adams County.
Click
here
to watch my floor speech on the bill where I highlighted these
Nebraska success stories.
For more
information on the Build USA Act,
read
my op-ed in the
Omaha
World-Herald .
FIGHTING FOR YOU ON THE ISSUES THAT
MATTER
Strengthening Free Trade
Our nation has an enormous opportunity to open new markets,
increase productivity, and create jobs through strong free-trade
agreements. This month, the Senate passed bipartisan Trade Promotion
Authority legislation, ensuring that the United States will have a strong
voice at the negotiating table. It also allows the unsung heroes of the
American dinner table
including Nebraskas farmers, ranchers, food
processors, and their families
to offer their products to the world.
Click here
to read
more.
Generating New Opportunities for
Struggling Americans
Earlier this month, I
was proud to introduce legislation that would improve the Small Business
Administrations microloan program.
The Microloan Act of 2015
helps Americas
entrepreneurs with limited resources by increasing flexibility and creating
more opportunities for them to start their own businesses. Without access
to capital, too many struggling Americans are unable to build and
grow successful small businesses.
This common-sense bill will
provide ambitious creators with the tools they need to start their own
businesses, escape poverty, create jobs, and strengthen our families and
communities.
Stopping the EPAs Electric
Takeover
Also this month, I helped
introduce new legislation that will halt the damaging effects of the Obama
administrations proposed regulations on new and existing power plants.
As a 100 percent public power state, Nebraska will be
disproportionately impacted. Families and businesses will be forced to pay for costly
plant upgrades, higher electricity bills, and more expensive goods and
services.
To stop this, I cosponsored the
Affordable Reliable Energy Now
Act
(ARENA). This bill would protect states from the EPAs
proposed takeover of our electric grid. This overreach is unnecessary and
with this bill, we can empower states across the country to protect
their citizens without harming our economy.
Fischer Legislation Approved by Commerce Committee
Two of my bills passed through markup in the Senate Commerce
Committee this month, including the
E-Warranty Act
and the Maritime Administration
Enhancement Act. These bills show that bipartisan solutions are possible.
Senator Bill Nelson of Florida and I worked together to present the
E-Warranty Act, which would provide manufacturers with the option of meeting
their warranty notice requirements by posting this information online.
The world is changing, and our technology is getting smaller, faster,
and more efficient. Our laws must follow suit.
The other bill provides important resources for our Maritime
Administration (MARAD). I was pleased to work with Senator Cory Booker of
New Jersey to reach an agreement and ensure that MARADs programs to
strengthen national security and enhance our nations maritime
transportation system will be authorized.
To learn more
about these bills, please click
here .
IN CASE YOU MISSED IT
FISCHER
IN THE NEWS
Senate Overwhelmingly Approves Bill to Review Iran Nuclear
Agreement
Americas News HQ
Fox News Channel
Sen.
Deb Fischer (R-Neb.) joined
Americas News HQ
host Arthel
Neville on
Fox News
to discuss the Iran legislation, which
overwhelmingly passed the Senate earlier this month
U.S. Republican senator proposes
national infrastructure bank
Reuters
The
Build USA Act, the latest in a series of similar but unsuccessful
attempts to generate infrastructure funding without raising taxes, would
create an American Infrastructure Bank (AIB) with a bipartisan board,
including the U.S. transportation secretary. The bill would also offer
states more authority over their own compliance with federal
infrastructure requirements.
GOP vows
to fight against Obamas power grab water rule
The
Hill
The Obama administrations new regulation implies
that Washington bureaucrats know better than the people of our state,
Sen. Deb Fischer (R-Neb.) said in a statement. This rule is reckless
and unwarranted, and I will work tirelessly to stop this expansion of
federal control, she said.
Sen. Deb Fischer lays out sweeping plan to revamp nation's road
funding
Omaha World-Herald
Sen. Deb Fischer
offered a sweeping proposal Tuesday intended to pave the way for new
highways, tunnels, and bridges throughout the country.
Fischer proposes national infrastructure
bank
Lincoln Journal Star
Following the
model she established in Nebraska as a state legislator, Sen. Deb
Fischer on Tuesday introduced legislation designed to offer states new
financing and funding tools to generate highway construction.
The Debs
Column
Omaha World-Herald
For the past three years, a YMCA boys
basketball team in Omaha has called itself The Debs. They are certainly not
debutantes. The teams official name is Team Deb Fischer, in honor
of the U.S. senator from Nebraska.
Federal Highway Trust Fund runs low as states enter height of
construction season
Omaha World-Herald
Sen.
Deb Fischer, R-Neb., is chairwoman of the subcommittee with
jurisdiction over surface transportation. She held a hearing last week on the
trust fund. After the hearing she noted the urgency and called for swift
action on the short-term extension while working on the bigger
picture.
Editorial, 5/15: A vote
for better roads
Lincoln Journal Star
The
highway trust fund has repeatedly gone broke. Every so often, Congress
gets its act together and injects another infusion of funds -- but only
when the situation reaches crisis level. The Legislature recognized
in 2011, when it passed the Build Nebraska Act sponsored by then-state
Sen. Deb Fischer, to designate one-quarter cent of the state sales tax
for roads.
Fischer,
Smith applauded for support of E15 legislation
The
Grand Island Independent
Sen. Deb Fischer and Rep. Adrian Smith
are being applauded for their support of a bill to expand the
volatility waiver for blends of American Ethanol up to 15 percent (E15),
ultimately increasing consumers access to higher blends of American
Ethanol year-round.
Get moving,
build USA
Fischer Op-Ed - Omaha
World-Herald
Chances are, you were sitting in traffic or just missed a pothole
before reading this.
PHOTOS OF
THE MONTH
Earlier this month in Omaha, I
was honored to welcome home Nebraska Army National Guard soldiers
returning from deployment.
It was fun visiting with students from Lifegate
Christian School on Capitol Hill this month
a great group of young
Nebraskans with strong interest in their government and local
communities.
Meeting with
members of the Nebraska March of Dimes Chapter in Washington,
D.C.
This month,
I spoke with one of Nebraskas finest, State Trooper Jeremy Strack of
Lincoln.
I had the pleasure of meeting Ms. Melissa Newkirk of Omaha and Mr.
Cole Jacobsen of Wisner
Nebraskas top youth volunteers for 2015.
Melissa and Cole received the Prudential Spirit of the Community Award.
They joined their families and fellow honorees in Washington this month
for several days of special events in recognition of their exceptional
service.
Washington D.C.
Office
383 Russell Senate Office
Building
Washington, DC
20510
Phone: (202) 2246551
Fax: (202) 2281325
Lincoln Office
440 North 8th Street
Suite 120
Lincoln, Nebraska 68508
Phone: (402) 4414600
Fax: (402) 4768753
Omaha Office
11819 Miracle Hills Drive
Suite
205
Omaha, Nebraska 68154
Phone: (402) 3913411
Fax:
(402) 3914725
Scottsbluff
1110 Circle Drive
Suite F2
Scottsbluff, NE
69361
Phone: (308) 630-2329
Fax: (308) 630-2321
Kearney Office 20 West
23rd Street
Kearney, NE 68847
Phone: (308) 234-2361
Fax: (308) 234-3684
Please do not reply to this email. Responses sent to this email
address will not be received by a staff member of Senator Fischer.
If
you wish to contact Senator Fischers office, please use the online
form on her website by clicking
HERE
Unsubscribe
|
Update My Profile
|
Privacy Policy
gateway mail end
