DOCTYPE html
May 25, 2015
Congressman McHenry Weekly Update
A Day to Honor Our Nation's Fallen
Giulia and I would like to wish everyone a happy Memorial Day. As you gather with friends and family to celebrate the start of summer, we must also remember all those who made the ultimate sacrifice so we can reflect and remember today. We must never forget all the brave men and women who fought to protect our freedoms and continue to do so today. Click the image below for my complete Memorial Day message.
In advance of the Memorial Day holiday, House Republicans again this week turned our attention to helping our nation's veterans. On Monday the House
passed six bills
aimed at helping veterans including bills to make it easier for disabled veterans to start businesses and legislation to give preference in contracting to those who have served our nation.
Another Bipartisan Bill Sent to President's Desk
The new Congress continued its productive, bipartisan work this week as the House passed
S. 178, the Justice for Victims of Trafficking Act of 2015 . This bill includes a number of measures to combat one of the most heinous crimes imaginable, the trafficking of humans. Among the measures are increased funding for victims to receive counseling and increased punishments for the criminals who commit these heinous crimes. Human trafficking has become the crime of choice for many criminal enterprises and it must be stopped. I look forward to President Obama
signing this important bill
into law so we can do just that. Last year I spoke on the House floor about the horrors of human trafficking. Click the image below to see video of my remarks.
Proud to Support
Throughout our history, America has been a world leader when it comes to innovation. Across a variety of fields and industries, we have made strategic investments to solve many of the most difficult issues facing society. This week, the House took a step to ensure that continues by passing
H.R. 880, the American Research and Competitiveness Act of 2015 . I was proud to support this bill which makes permanent the research and development tax credit. By making this tax credit permanent, we can make sure that American individuals and businesses continue to invest and innovate.
What I Have Been Reading
Patriotic wreaths honor veterans in hospice care
Shelby Star
As we celebrate Memorial Day, it is wonderful to see this story about two ladies honoring local veterans in Cleveland County. Thanks to Hospice of Cleveland County VP Patti McCurry and Lori Swink McCurry for carrying on the tradition of honoring each Cleveland County veteran entering hospice care with a red, white, and blue wreath honoring their service to our nation.
Tryon equestrian center already riding high
Asheville Citizen-Times
Most would not expect to find a world-class equestrian facility in the mountains of Western NC but the Tryon International Equestrian Center is exactly that. I visited the facility during construction and knew it could be a tremendous boon for Polk County. It is great to see this article as proof of the center's success thus far.
Thirst in Flight: Craft Beer in North Carolina
Our State Magazine
Over the weekend
Asheville Beer Week
kicked off, highlighting the numerous breweries that have turned Asheville into Beer City USA. The link above includes a short video focused on Asheville's South Slope, which has become one of the best areas of the city for sampling multiple local brews.
WASHINGTON, D.C. OFFICE
2334 Rayburn HOB
Washington, D.C. 20515
Telephone: 202.225.2576
Fax: 202.225.0316
HICKORY DISTRICT OFFICE
87 4th St. NW, Ste A, PO Box 1830
Hickory, NC 28603
Telephone: 828.327.6100
Toll-Free in NC: 800.477.2576
Fax: 828.327.8311
GASTONIA DISTRICT OFFICE
Suite 115
Gaston Co. Administrative Bldg
128 West Main Avenue
Gastonia, NC 28053
Telephone: 704.833.0096
BLACK MTN. DISTRICT OFFICE
160 Midland Avenue
Black Mountain, NC 28711
Telephone: 828.669.0600
Click Here Click Here