
If you are having trouble viewing this message or
would like to share it on a social network, you can
view the message online .
May 15, 2015
"to elevate the condition of
men--to lift artificial weights from all shoulders, to clear the paths
of laudable pursuit for all, to afford all an unfettered start and a
fair chance, in the race of life."
--Abraham
Lincoln
Chairman's Note:
Replicating the Utah Model of Upward
Mobility
For over two years Ive been making the case that
declining economic opportunity in America is one of the most pressing
challenges of our time. And now, with the 2016 elections on the horizon,
most pundits agree that upward mobility will be the defining issue of
this presidential campaign season.
And for good
reason.
It is impossible to ignore the opportunity crisis in America
today. Up and down our society we see the symptoms of
immobility.
At the bottom of the income scale theres the problem of
intergenerational poverty, while at the top we see crony capitalism
artificially propping up economic and political elites. Caught in the middle
are working families struggling just to keep up.
Earning the
trust of the American people in 2016 will require presidential
candidates to have concrete proposals to address each level of Americas
immobility crisis.
They would be wise to look to Utah as a
model.
Last week one of my hometown papers, the Deseret
News,
penned
an editorial exploring why Salt
Lake City is one of the top three most upwardly mobile metro areas in
America, according to a recent study.
"Its time we give the American people the
power they need to stabilize their families, strengthen their
neighborhoods, improve their schools, expand their transportation networks, grow
their businesses, and invest in their civic and religious
institutions."
There are many reasons Utah is
such fertile ground for opportunity, but the most important lesson from
the study is that inequality of opportunity is more of a local
problem than one that needs massive federal intervention.
This
is something weve known for a long time. Yet policymakers and
bureaucrats in Washington, D.C., ever confident in their ability to solve
everyone elses problems, continue to insist on taking power away from the
American people and their elected representatives at the state and
local level.
Its time we reverse this trend of consolidating
power and resources in Washington. Its time we give the American
people the power they need to stabilize their families, strengthen their
neighborhoods, improve their schools, expand their transportation
networks, grow their businesses, and invest in their civic and religious
institutions.
Theres no doubt that the Utah model of
upward mobility can be replicated across the country. But to get
there, well need presidential candidates who recognize that theres
nothing the American people cant do if given the
opportunity.
Working together to spread the positive message of
conservative reform
To watch the full
video
CLICK
HERE
Issue In Focus: Fixing Head
Start
The history of federal
early childhood education policy is a case study in good intentions
being used to justify terrible outcomes.
No one can object to
the intentions of pre-K programs like Head Start, which was created
in 1965, as part of the federal government's war on poverty, to provide
low-income children with a preschool education.
Yet
decades of social science research have shown that Head Start has utterly
failed to improve the lives of the children and families it ostensibly
serves.
The mountain of evidence includes a 2012
study by President Obama's own Department of Health and Human
Services, which showed that whatever benefits children gain from the program
disappear by the time they reach the third grade. And this despite
commanding an annual operating budget of more than $8
billion.
This isnt an indictment of early childhood education. Its an
indictment of the failed Washington bureaucracy that has failed to deliver
it to Head Start students for more than forty years.
We
know that a good education starting at a young age is an essential
ingredient for upward economic mobility later in life. But we also know
that improving the cognitive, social, and behavioral skills of
low-income children isnt as simple as appropriating more taxpayer dollars to
fund the same broken system. Thats what weve been trying for decades
and it hasnt worked.
Instead, we need to try something
we know will work: empowering parents, educators, and local
policymakers to design their early childhood education programs to meet the
unique needs of their communities.
We could start by
eliminating the federal Head Start bureaucracy and block granting its budget to
the states. This would allow those closest to the children and
families being served to establish their own unique programs and designate
eligible public and private pre-schools to receive
grants.
The data is clear: blindly funding the broken status quo only
perpetuates the pattern of failure. We must break this cycle. We owe it to
our children and to our nations
future.
Washington, D.C.
Office
361A Russell Senate
Office Building
Washington, D.C.,
20510
Phone: 202.224.5444
Fax: 202.228.1168
Salt Lake City
Wallace F. Bennett Federal Building
125 South State, Suite 4225
Salt Lake City,
UT 84138
Phone: 801.524.5933
Fax: 801.524.5730
St.
George
Office of Senator Michael S. Lee
285
West Tabernacle, Suite 200
St. George,
UT
84770
Phone: 435.628.5514
Unsubscribe
|
Update My Profile
|
Privacy Policy
