
Friday May 14, 2015
WEBSITE
|
FORWARD TO A FRIEND
| SHARE ON:
Invest in Our Roads &amp; Rails
Dear Friend,
I, like all of you, was saddened to hear the devastating news of the Amtrak crash outside of Philadelphia on Tuesday night. Such loss of life and injury to people just going about their routine hit close to home for me because that is my weekly route from Washington, DC back to the district. This crash amplifies the need for vital long-term investment in our infrastructure, such as our roads and rails.
The Highway Trust Fund, which provides money for construction projects all across the country, is set to expire at the end of May. Instead of agreeing on a long-term solution, the Republican-led Congress has recently been kicking the can down the road.
The reality is that America needs a $3.6 trillion investment by 2020 to fix current problems, according to a 2013 report by the American Society of Civil Engineers. That is not even close to what we need to modernize our failing transportation systems.
This is why it is very important that in our current debate in Congress on the Trans-Pacific Partnership we address the pressing problem of improving our nation's infrastructure. To maintain America's competitiveness, we should ensure that every day Americans have access to the best highways and bridges. You can read about my position
here .
Unveiling of the Progressive Agenda
I joined New York City Mayor Bill de Blasio, labor leaders, and my Colleagues in the Congressional Progressive Caucus at a press conference in front of the U.S. Capitol on Tuesday to support our Mayor's
Progressive Agenda to Combat Income Inequality.
The 13-point plan calls for raising the minimum wage, and implementing universal pre-K, and paid sick and family leave, among other topics.
I proudly signed the pledge to keep fighting to improve the lives of our working families.
Sincerely,
Charles Rangel
My Opinion on TPP
Click here
to read my
op-ed.
#CBRangelPix
Spring has Sprung!
Submit your spring NYC pics for a chance to be @cbrangel Instagram Rep . Tag your pictures @cbrangel &amp; #CBRangelPix
May is Mental Health Awareness Month and Military Appreciation Month
I held a Twitter Chat about veterans and mental health this week. You can see the
entire chat here on my website . Thanks to all who weighed in on this important issue!
How do you deal with stress, anxiety or depression?
Click here to share.
UPDATE SUBSCRIPTION OPTIONS
|
PRIVACY POLICY
|
CONTACT US
D.C. Office:
2354 Rayburn HOB
Washington, DC 20515
P: 202-225-4365
F: 202-225-0816
New York Office:
163 West 125th St., Suite #737
New York, NY 10027
Phone: 212-663-3900
Fax: 212-663-4277
Click Here Click Here