
Wednesday, June 17, 2015
WEBSITE
|
FORWARD TO A FRIEND
| SHARE ON:
Make sure to enable photos in your email browser!
Congressional Trade Authority
A mericans feel left behind. Sluggish and uneven economic growth here at home and a retreat from American leadership around the world leaves us floundering in the 21st century.
This summer, Congress has the opportunity to renew American leadership in a way that strengthens alliances, counters global aggressors, grows our economy and creates jobs: strengthened trade through Trade Promotion Authority.
Click here to read my full column in the Cincinnati Enquirer on why I support Trade Promotion Authority
(TPA).
Clearing up some confusion on Trade Promotion Authority (TPA):
TPA is public, and has been for months:
read it here .
TPA is not a trade deal. It provides a framework to consider possible future trade deals, requiring a separate vote by Congress for each.
TPA requires any trade deal (like TPP or T-TIP) to be made public at least 60 days before it can be agreed to by the President.
Only after that does Congress consider and vote on whether to approve the agreement.
TPA holds President Obama accountable to nearly 150 Congressional objectives and priorities and increases congressional oversight.
Further Reading :
Ted Cruz:
Putting Congress in Charge on Trade
The Federalist:
Top Nine Myths about Trade Promotion Authority
Paul Ryan:
Voting 'yes' on trade won't give Obama carte blanche
Improving Care for our Veterans
House VA Committee Chairman Jeff Miller visits Cincinnati VA
Watch Fox 19's coverage of the VA visit
Early last week, I hosted the Chairman of the House Veterans' Affairs Committee, Rep. Jeff Miller, in Cincinnati to tour our VA Medical Center and witness some positive things that are happening there. We were even lucky enough to hear the story of Jim, a local Navy veteran, who credits the Cincinnati VA with saving his life.
As a member of the House VA Committee, and a veteran myself, I remain committed to reforming and conducting oversight of the VA as the administration works to better serve all our nation's veterans.
Click here to read more about our visit in the Cincinnati Enquirer.
Featured Cosponsorship
H.R. 2017
The Common Sense Nutrition Disclosure Act
Featured Policy Letter
Letter to Secretary of Energy Moniz regarding uranium transfers
Have a bill or letter you would like me to support?
Let me know here .
More Ways to Connect
Facebook
Twitter
YouTube
Do you have an unresolved issue with a federal agency? My office is here to help.
C ontact me at
www.wenstrup.house.gov/contact
and my casework team will work to get you the help you need.
Ensuring a Strong National Defense
The Defense Appropriations Bill ensures a strong and capable military.
Last Thursday, the House passed the 2016 spending bill for the Department of Defense. This critical legislation will ensure our troops have the resources they need to combat the threats our nation faces, from ISIS to cyber attacks.
Highlights of the legislation include :
2.3% pay raise for our troops.
Increases funding for medical research programs like traumatic brain injury and psychological health research.
Invests in the purchase of new weapons and equipment, including F-35 Joint Strike Fighters, Blackhawk helicopters, and Littoral Combat Ships.
Cheering on the Republicans at the Congressional Baseball Game for Charity
A Home Run for Charity
Last Thursday, lawmakers from both sides of the aisle took the field at Nationals' Park for the 2015 Congressional Baseball Game for Charity. Although the Democrats edged out the Republicans 5-2, we all were able to support three very worthy charities in the Washington, D.C. area: the Washington Literary Council, the Boys and Girls Club of Greater Washington, and the Washington Nationals Dream Foundation.
A Tribute to Our Flag
Last weekend was Flag Day, the day we honor Old Glory and all that she stands for. Watch my tribute to our nation's flag below.
NOTE: Please DO NOT respond to this email as this inbox is unattended. To contact my office please
click here
Connect:
WASHINGTON, D.C. OFFICE
1318 Longworth H.O.B.
Washington, DC 20515
P:
(202) 225-3164
F:
(202) 225-1992
HAMILTON COUNTY OFFICE
7954 Beechmont Ave, Suite 200
Cincinnati, OH 45255
P:
(513) 474-7777
F:
(513) 605-1377
PEEBLES OFFICE
170 North Main St.
Peebles, OH 45660
P:
(513) 605-1380
F:
(937) 798-4024
UNION TOWNSHIP OFFICE
4350 Aicholtz Rd.
Cincinnati, OH 45245
P:
(513) 605-1389
UNSUBSCRIBE
|
PRIVACY POLICY
|
CONTACT US
Click Here Click Here