
If
you are having trouble viewing this message or would like to share it
on a social network, you can
view the message online .
June 01, 2015
Unsubscribe
Update My Profile
Website
|
Biography
|
Contact Me
|
Services
|
Issues &amp;
Legislation
|
Newsroom
|
28th
District
Dear Friend,
Welcome to my Washington Update, an
e-newsletter for the constituents of California's 28th Congressional
District. This e-newsletter provides a way for you to keep me informed of
your views and interests. In addition to participating in the survey, I
would encourage you to send any more detailed thoughts by
email .
Sincerely,
Congressman Adam
Schiff
Rep. Schiff Attends Memorial Day
Events
This Memorial Day, Rep. Schiff attended events throughout
the community to commemorate all those who have lost their
lives in our nations Armed Forces. Schiff attended the Memorial
Day Ceremony held at the Montrose Vietnam War Memorial, the Crescenta
Valley Memorial Day Ceremony at the Two Strike Park War Memorial, the
La Canada Flintridge Ceremony and Tribute to Staff Sgt. Scott
Studenmund, and the Burbank Memorial Day Ceremony at the McCambridge Park War
Memorial. Rep. Schiff joined the Hollywood American Legion Memorial Day
Ceremony as well.
Rep. Schiff met with many veterans at
the events as well as with family members of those who have served.
Schiff said about the commemorations, Today, we pause to remember those
men and women who fought so bravely to protect our freedom. The members
of our Armed Forces
whenever and wherever they serve
are a part
of America's greatest generation.
Read more:
Burbank Leader
Burbank gathers to remember those who made the
ultimate sacrifice
Glendale
News-Press
Crescenta Valley remembers
Crescenta
Valley Weekly
Remembering
Rep. Schiff Commends This
Years Appointees to Service
Academies
Rep. Adam Schiff met with this years Service Academy Appointees for
the class of 2019. Appointments from the 28th Congressional District
include: Lucien Frederic Brule, a Glendale resident who attended
Campbell Hall Episcopal High School.
Lucien received an appointment to
both the Air Force Academy and Military Academy (West Point).
He
has chosen to attend West Point. John Joseph Gordon Howe, a Burbank
resident who attended John Burroughs High School.
John will be
attending the Air Force Academy in Colorado Springs. Janel C. Valerio, a
Los Angeles resident who attended Immaculate Heart High School.
Janel will also be attending the Air Force Academy in Colorado
Springs. Minor Ray Wetzel, a La Caada Flintridge resident who attended La
Caada High School.
Minor will be attending the Naval Academy in
Annapolis.
These students excelled in both their academic and
extracurricular pursuits and Im sure they will continue to do so at
their respective service academies, said Schiff. Im extremely proud
of these four young people, and Im confident that they will be among
the future leaders of our country. I thank them for their commitment to
serving our country in the armed forces. Students interested in
applying for admission to a Service Academy for the Class of 2020
should contact Congressman Schiffs District Office at
(818) 450-2900
or
(323)
315-5555 .
Information is also available on Schiffs website
HERE .
Rep. Schiff Continues the Push to
Authorize Military Force Against ISIS
With
the United States entering into its tenth month of war against ISIS
without any specified Congressional authorization, Rep. Schiff
continues to push for a vote on Authorized Use of Military Force (AUMF) in
Congress. Schiff believes that under the Constitution, Congress
alone has the authority to declare war
not the President acting on his
own. Without a vote to authorize this already ongoing war, Congress
risks losing one of its most important Constitutional responsibilities.
The President himself sent a draft authorization to Congress in order
to begin the process, yet Congressional leadership still refuses to
act.
I find it deeply ironic that Congress has been so
willing to wade into a diplomatic agreement with Iran that is not yet
finalized, but not take up its constitutionally-mandated responsibility to
declare and authorize war against ISIS, Rep. Adam Schiff said. More
than ten months into the war in Syria and Iraq, Congress continues to
sit on the sidelines without a debate or vote. Congressional abdication
of our responsibility to declare war, or to deny authorization for
war, would set a terrible precedent and shift war-making powers
substantially, and inexorably towards the Executive.
Read
more:
The New York
Times Editorial
The Escalation of Unauthorized
Wars
The Washington Post
Debate over
war authorization in Congress fades with little result
The Huffington Post
John Boehner Wants
Obama To 'Start Over' On ISIS War Authorization
The Los Angeles Times
Taking on Islamic
State, with or without Congress
After ISIS Raid and Capture of Abu
Sayyaf, Rep. Schiff Raises Questions of Possible Escalation Despite
Successful Operation
The United States
recently carried out a raid which resulted in the elimination of Abu
Sayyaf, an ISIS leader, as well as in the capture of his wife. Rep.
Schiff, the top Democrat on the House Intelligence
Committee, commended the success of the operation, but also cautioned against the risk
of significant escalation of the operation had gone badly. If one of
our service members was captured or killed -- or captured and
then killed -- it would have been
catastrophic.
Rep. Schiff said after the operation became public
that "we owe a heavy debt of gratitude to the brave U.S. personnel who
carried out the operation against Abu Sayyaf. There are serious risks
to our troops with any operation in Syria, and the willingness to mount
an effort to capture Sayyaf underscores both the importance of
cutting off the resources to ISIS and the Administration's determination to
do so.
While Sayyaf was a significant figure and his loss and
that of other senior leadership is a serious setback to ISIS, we should
be under no illusion about the long term impacts of any particular
operation. This terror group
like Al Qaeda
has
proven adept at replacing its commanders and we will need to keep up the
pressure on its leadership and
financing.
Read more:
Los Angeles
Times
Syria raid that killed Islamic State figure is praised
by U.S. lawmakers
The Washington
Post
Lawmakers applaud raid that killed Islamic State
leader
Politico
U.S. says it killed Islamic
State's 'chief financial officer'
News You Can
Use
National Recall of Takata Air Bags
If your vehicle is manufactured by BMW, Chrysler, Daimler
Trucks, Ford, General Motors, Honda, Mazda, Mitsubishi, Nissan, Subaru
or Toyota, you might be affected by a national recall on air
bags. Check the National Highway Traffic Safety Administration's (NHTSA)
website using the
VIN search
tool
to confirm whether your individual vehicle is affected by
this recall, or by searching by VIN on a
specific vehicle-maker's site . Check
back regularly as automakers confirm which vehicles are
affected.
Memorial Day reminds us of the sacrifices our service men and
women have made for our country. There are many ways to honor them, and
one way is by helping our veterans in need of mental health services.
If you know a veteran who needs help, connect them to this
veterans crisis line . It is a free resource that is
available 24 hours a day, 7 days a week. Services are available via
phone, chat or text messaging. You can reach the line at 1-800-273-8255
and Press 1.
Passport Reminder for International Travel
If you are planning to travel outside the US this summer, please
remember to check your passports now to be sure they are valid for 6
months.
Earlier this month, the House moved forward on a
major reform of the Patriot Act authorities with an overwhelmingly
bi-partisan vote to pass the USA Freedom Act. This legislation would end
the bulk collection of telephone records and require the government
to query the data held by telephone companies on a case by case basis
and upon court order. It would also make vital reforms to the FISA
Court that introduces an independent advocate to argue on behalf of
privacy and civil liberties. Do you support passage of legislation like the
USA Freedom Act? A. Yes, I believe that Congress should reform all aspects of the
nations surveillance programs, and USA Freedom is a good
start. B. Yes, I believe that
Congress should pass the USA Freedom Act, but I think that the reforms
should go farther.
C.
No, I believe that Congress should reauthorize the NSA program as it
currently is with no changes. D. No, I believe Section 215 of the Patriot Act should be
allowed to expire. Other: *By
answering this survey, you are subscribing to my newsletter If
you are having trouble, click here. Survey Results Do you support the
President's Trans-Pacific Trade deal? Answer Total A. Yes, I believe the deal will be
beneficial for the United States and raise labor, human rights, and
environmental standards around the world. 13.23% B.
Yes,
I believe the deal will help the middle class and
working families by breaking down trade barriers overseas and increasing
jobs in the United States. 10.10% C.
No, I think the deal will cost us American jobs and only result
in more offshoring as businesses use cheap labor in poor
countries. 35.92% D.
No, I believe this deal
is a giveaway to big business and will only aggravate the growing
disparity between rich and poor. 40.75%
Contact Information
Washington, DC
2411 Rayburn House Office
Building
Washington D.C. 20515
Phone: (202)
225-4176
Facsimile: (202) 225-5828
Burbank
Office
245 E. Olive Ave., #200
Burbank,
California 91502
Phone: (818) 450-2900
Phone:
(323) 315-5555
Facsimile: (818) 450-2928
Update
My Profile
-
Unsubscribe
-
Privacy
Policy
gateway mail
end 