
If
you are having trouble viewing this message or would like to share it
on a social network, you can
view the message online .
Website
About David
Contact
Serving
You
Media
Center
Legislative Work
District
May 29, 2015
The Unaffordable War on
Coal
West Virginia has suffered the devastating impact
of President Obamas War on Coal and this weeks headlines were a grim
reminder. On Tuesday, the West Virginia Public Service Commission
announced a 16% rate hike for residential customers of Appalachian Power
Company and Wheeling Power Company. Thats a $123 million hike for
next year. The increase is needed
because
of a $407
million investment to bring Appalachians power plants into
compliance with the Obama Administrations new regulations.
The
layoffs by Murray Energy and Alpha Natural Resources last week are
examples of the hardships coal mining companies are facing. As government
targets their operations, these businesses are forced to cut costs and
hunker down. The endless stream of excessive, ill-conceived regulations
coming out of Washington burdens our local economy by shutting down
plants and killing investment.
President Obama came into
office promising to necessarily skyrocket electricity prices, and unlike
his promises not to raise taxes or that you could keep your doctor,
this is one promise he intends to keep. Watch him discuss electricity
prices by clicking the video below:
Do Puddles Require EPA
Permits?
On Wednesday, President Obamas Environmental Protection Agency
(EPA) released a new rule requiring farmers, manufacturers, and
homeowners to seek expensive permits for puddles and ditches. Under the Clean
Water Act the federal government is limited to protecting navigable
waters but the EPA is now seeking to expand its authority beyond
recognition.
A couple weeks ago,
The Preston County News
&amp; Journal
wrote about the Houses response to this overreach. As
I said then, the legislation we passed will order regulators back to
the drawing board, with an admonition to listen to the very real
concerns of people who would have their farm fields and ditches regulated
in the same manner as navigable streams. Read the full story
here .
Playing Politics With
Disaster Aid
Back in March, the Federal Emergency
Management Administration announced a new policy requiring states to
address what the Administration unilaterally deems as climate change
before the state can be eligible for disaster aid. After trying to get
answers for months, I joined a formal letter demanding FEMA halt
implementing this blatantly political policy.
This is nothing but
more bullying by the Obama Administration to enforce their radical
environmental agenda on the entire country. West Virginia has faced its
share of natural disasters this year, and federal aid is supposed to
be there in times of emergency. But now the President is threatening to
take away that vital aid if West Virginians dont spend money we
dont have on projects we dont need. You can read the letter
here .
What to Look Forward
To
Next month in the House we will take up legislation to
strengthen our energy security, push back on the Administrations
burdensome regulations, and encourage job growth throughout America. By
allowing West Virginians to benefit from our natural resources, such as
oil, gas, and coal, we can put people back to work and keep energy
prices down.
My bipartisan legislation to protect the 316,000
American workers in the coal ash recycling and related industries
will also see a vote in June. Currently, EPA regulations are confusing
businesses and leaving them unsure what will happen to them under
arbitrary rules. H.R. 1734, the Improving Coal Combustion Residuals
Regulation Act, would give these workers and their families the certainty they
deserve.
Watch my statement on the bill by clicking
below:
Have a great
week,
David McKinley
Share on
Facebook Share on Twitter What do you think? Do you think President Obama abuses his Executive
Privilege?
Yes No Not Sure *By answering this
survey, you are subscribing to my newsletter. If you are
having trouble, click here.
Washington, DC
412 Cannon HOB |
Washington, DC 20515
Phone:
(202) 225-4172 |
Fax: (202)
225-7564
Morgantown
709 Beechurst
Ave.
Suite 29
Morgantown, WV 26505
Phone: 304.284.8506
Fax: 304-284-8505
Wheeling
Horne Building
1100 Main Street,
Suite 101
Wheeling, WV 26003
Phone: (304)
232-3801
Fax: 304-232-3813
Parkersburg
Federal Building
425 Juliana Street
Suite 1004
Parkersburg, WV 26101
Phone: (304) 422-5972
Fax: 304-422-5974
Unsubscribe
|
Update My
Profile
|
Privacy Policy
