
Texas &amp; America are Built for Trade
Next week the U.S. House will consider the most defining issue of economic freedom this session: American trade. The question is simple. Should Washington decide what you can buy or sell, or should you
the consumer, the local business
hold that power?
I say the power belongs with you. The economic freedom to buy, sell and compete around the world with as little government interference as possible is one of the great economic rights of Americans. It is a pillar of pro-growth nations, and here in America no state is more successful at free trade than Texas.
To read more in the Kingwood Observer click
here .
Brady Celebrates Nurses Week
During National Nurses Week (May 6-12) I was honored to spend time with nurses from across the District to discuss the difficult jobs they have and what they feel needs to be done to help them better treat people everyday.
While at Sam Houston State I was able to tour their educational facilities and discussed one reason the university needs more faculty is the need for more nurses. Texas already has a nursing shortage statewide and with healthcare needs growing in the District, the demand is even higher.
Brady Tax Cuts to Enhance American Innovation Passes in U.S. House
Tax Cuts Saves Texas Taxpayers $1 Billion Per Year
My bill, The American Research and Competitiveness Act of 2015, which permanently simplifies and strengthens the now-temporary U.S. Research and Development Tax Credit, recently passed through the U.S. House of Representatives by a vote of 274-145.
Americas future depends on innovation occurring here in the U.S. Without the right permanent research and development incentive, we will continue to fall behind our global competitors and watch good paying research jobs go overseas.
I believe that a permanently strong economy requires a permanent research and development tax credit.
Texas Farmers,
Ranchers &amp; Family-owned
businesses say NO to the unfair Death Tax
I'm proud to champion legislation that has passed the House to abolish the Death Tax. Here are some good reasons why.
The Morton family (pictured above) wants to keep Conroe Welding Supply in the family. Read more about their concerns in
The
Courier
of Montgomery County
by clicking
here .
The Harding family (pictured above) wants a third generation to run Walker County Hardware someday. Read more in
The Huntsville Item
by clicking
here .
Patricia Snook (pictured above) has had enough of the death tax. Her family has paid it 3 times on the same land in southeast Texas. She wants to know when enough is enough.
The Way Home
Memorial Dedication in The Woodlands
"The Way Home Memorial says to those who sacrificed all and to their loved ones: We will never forget. To those who served our country and that serve today, it says, our precious freedoms are due to you."
Read full story in the Conroe Courier
here.
Helping Timber Communities
I helped pass a two year extension of the Secure Rural Schools funding program in Congress, assuring that critical financial support continues for East Texas counties with federal forest lands
Thanks for reading our newsletter and staying in touch with me by attending our
town halls , by sending me an
email
or joining us on
Facebook
or
Twitter .
NOTE: Please DO NOT respond to this email as this inbox is unattended. To contact my office please
click here
Connect:
WASHINGTON, D.C. OFFICE
301 Cannon H.O.B.
Washington, DC 20515
P:
(202) 225-4901
F:
(202) 225-5524
CONROE DISTRICT OFFICE
200 River Pointe, Ste 304
Conroe, TX 77304
Phone: (936)441-5700
Fax: (936)441-5757
HUNTSVILLE DISTRICT OFFICE
1300 11th Street, Suite 400
Huntsville, TX 77340
Phone: (936)439-9532
Fax: (936)439-9546
UNSUBSCRIBE
|
PRIVACY POLICY
|
CONTACT US
Click Here Click Here