
If you are having trouble viewing this message
or would like to share it on a social network, you can
view the message online .
About
Contact
Services
Media
Center
Legislation
Issues
Resources
May 22, 2015
Dear David,
Here is a brief update on my work on behalf of Ventura County's
veterans, local businesses, and
transportation infrastructure.
My number one goal has always been to provide
the highest level of constituent services possible. If you need help
with a federal agency, please do not hesitate to contact my district
office.
I hope that you will reach out to me to
express your views about legislation and issues important to you. It
is with your input that I can best advocate for our
community.
It is an honor
to serve as your voice in Congress.
JULIA BROWNLEY
Member of
Congress
Table of
Contents
Brownley participates in Stand
Up 4 Transportation event in Oxnard
Brownley announces over $300,000 for Ventura
County airports
Brownley meets with California Avocado
Commission
Brownley advocates for
independent redistricting commissions
Brownley tours Sun Valley Floral Farms in
Oxnard
Brownley
introduces Veterans Access to Child Care Act
Brownley offers amendment to FY2016 Military
Construction and Veterans Affairs Appropriations
bill
Brownley meets with U.S. Coast
Guard
Brownley
tours local manufacturer Raypak
Brownley attends Vietnam War exhibit at
Museum of Ventura County
Brownley participates in Stand Up 4
Transportation event in Oxnard
I was proud to join Gold
Coast Transit District at the Stand Up 4 Transportation event in
Oxnard. Along with key stakeholders of the transportation community, I am
committed to working with my colleagues in Congress on a new surface
transportation authorization bill that addresses the growing backlog of
transportation projects nationwide and brings our highways, transit,
and rail networks to a state of good repair. I look forward to working
on a bill that will keep Ventura County
and our nation
moving
forward!
Congresswoman Brownley participates in a "Stand Up 4 Transportation"
event in Oxnard to talk about how she is advocating for Ventura County's
transportation needs as a new member of the House Transportation and
Infrastructure
Committee.
Brownley
announces over $300,000 for Ventura County airports
I
was pleased to announce that the Camarillo Airport will receive
$310,500 from the Federal Aviation Administration (FAA) for critical
infrastructure improvement projects. The Camarillo Airport is a vital economic
driver in our region. I am pleased to see the FAA continue to
recognize this fact by providing much-needed funding to our local airports,
which will help ensure the vitality of Ventura Countys diverse
economy.
Brownley meets with California Avocado
Commission
Did you know that California produces
about 90 percent of the nations avocado crop? This month, I met with the
California Avocado Commission to discuss the many successes and
challenges they are facing including water and labor issues. I look forward
to working with our local avocado growers to address their concerns
and support this thriving, delicious, and healthy crop in our
region.
Brownley discusses the issues facing our regional avocado industry and how
she is advocating for Ventura County's agricultural community in
Congress.
Brownley advocates for independent
redistricting commissions
As a member of
the Democracy Task Force, I am committed to ensuring that our democracy
works for the American people. Recently, I co-authored legislation
that would develop citizen-driven redistricting commissions nationwide.
We must return the levers of power in our democracy to our nation's
citizens and restore faith in the democratic process. Read my op-ed in
the Ventura County Star below.
Brownley tours Sun
Valley Floral Farms in Oxnard
Recently, I had the
pleasure of touring Sun Valley Floral Farms in Oxnard. As a member of the
Congressional Cut Flower Caucus, I was thrilled to see the dedication
of our local flower growers firsthand. I would especially like to
thank Lane DeVries, a fourth-generation grower and current Chairman of
the California Cut Flower Commission, for his insight and extensive
knowledge of the beautiful flowers and foliage that they grow. In
Congress, I will continue to be an advocate for legislation that will help
grow our local agricultural industry, including cut flowers, to ensure
the vitality of our region's economy.
Brownley tours facilities at Sun
Valley Floral Farms in Oxnard and discusses issues she is working on as a
member of the Congressional Cut Flower
Caucus.
Brownley introduces Veterans Access to Child Care
Act
This month, along with my colleagues on the House
Veterans Affairs Committee, I introduced the Veterans Access to Child Care
Act, legislation which would expand and make permanent the VAs popular
Child Care Pilot program. It is paramount that this country supports
women and families, and veterans. We have both a moral obligation and
an economic imperative to do so. My bill would provide all veterans in
need of VA health care, who are primary caretakers, access to child
care while also allowing VA facilities the flexibility to ensure that
these programs meet local needs. Making this much-needed program
permanent will remove an important barrier to enabling our veterans to
receive the care that they have earned and deserve. Click on the photo
below to read my release.
Brownley participates in a House Veterans' Affairs
Committee hearing to discuss the importance of ensuring that female veterans
have equal access to VA healthcare and services as their male
colleagues, which includes access to child
care.
Brownley offers amendment to FY2016 Military Construction and Veterans
Affairs Appropriations bill
As Ranking Member of the
House Veterans Affairs Subcommittee on Health, I believe that
cutting corners on VA funding compromises Congresss commitment to our
nations veterans. I spoke on the House floor to offer an amendment to the
FY2016 Military Construction and Veterans Affairs Appropriations bill
that would have restored funding for major construction projects in
the VA to $1.14 billion, to meet the level that the VA has requested.
Watch my remarks below.
Congresswoman
Brownley speaks on the House floor to discuss her amendment to the FY2016
Military Construction and Veterans Affairs Appropriations bill that
would ensure Congress provides adequate funding to VA facilities and
keeps faith with Congress's commitment to our nation's
veterans.
Brownley meets with U.S. Coast
Guard
Recently, I met with the U.S. Coast Guard including Rear
Admiral Joe Servidio, who oversees multi-mission Coast Guard
operations from the California-Oregon border to Peru, including the operations
at U.S. Coast Guard Station Channel Islands. As a member of the House
Transportation and Infrastructure Subcommittee on Coast Guard and
Maritime Transportation, I look forward to working more closely with the
U.S. Coast Guard to support their missions and activities.
Brownley meets with the
U.S. Coast Guard Rear Admiral to discuss how she is advocating for the
interests of the U.S. Coast Guard as a member of the House
Transportation and Infrastructure Subcommittee on Coast Guard and Maritime
Transportation.
Brownley tours local
manufacturer Raypak
I had the opportunity to tour
Raypak, a leading manufacturer and distributor of commercial and
residential water boilers, air conditioners, heaters, and pool and spa heat
pumps. On our tour, we discussed how Congress can continue to support
American manufacturing, such as by advancing Make it in America
legislation.
Brownley takes a tour of Raypak facilities in Oxnard and discusses the
importance of her bill, the American Manufacturing Jobs for Students
Act.
Brownley attends Vietnam War
exhibit at Museum of Ventura County
Recently, I had the opportunity to attend the opening of the "We Remember:
From Ventura County to Vietnam and Back" exhibit at the Museum of
Ventura County. This exhibit pays tribute to Ventura County's Vietnam
veterans, including the 108 men who were killed in action, through
artifacts, documentary photographs, personal effects and audio and video
recordings. As a member of the House Veterans' Affairs Committee, I
was pleased to have this opportunity to discuss legislation important to
the veterans community, and how I am advocating for our community's
veterans in Congress on a daily basis.
Congresswoman Brownley attends the
opening of the "We Remember: From Ventura County to Vietnam and Back"
exhibit at the Museum of Ventura County and discuss how she is
advocating for Ventura County's veterans in
Congress.
E-mail
Updates
Yes, please periodically send me e-mail
updates.*
*By subscribing to my
e-mail updates, you are authorizing me to send regular e-mail
updates from my office to your e-mail account.
Tell a Friend
E-mail:
Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on LinkedIn
Washington D.C. Office
1019 Longworth
HOB
Washington, DC 20515
Phone: 2022255811
Fax:
2022251100
Hours: Mon.-Fri. 9:00am-6:00pm
Eastern
Oxnard, CA Office
300 E. Esplanade Drive, Suite 470
Oxnard,
CA 93036
Phone: 8053791779
Fax: 8053791799
Hours:
Mon.-Thurs. 9:00am-5:30pm Pacific
Fri.
9:00am-5:00pm Pacific
Thousand Oaks, CA Office
223 E. Thousand Oaks Blvd., Suite 411
Thousand Oaks, CA 91360
Phone
Number: 8053791779
Fax:
8053791799
Hours: Mon.-Thurs. 9:00am-5:30pm
Pacific
Fri. 9:00am-5:00pm Pacific
Unsubscribe
|
Update My Profile
|
Privacy Policy
gateway
mail end 