
Around the Capitol
Antelope Valley Tele-Town Hall
On June 2nd, I hosted a Tele-Town Hall with folks in the Antelope Valley. We focused on water policy, which is the number one issue facing Californians right now. Thanks to everyone who participated and listened in, I appreciate hearing comments and concerns from our community.
Tele-Town Hall to the Antelope Valley
Commerce and Justice and Science- Oh My!
Last week, the House passed H.R. 2578, which I voted for, the Appropriations bill for Fiscal Year 2016 Commerce, Justice, Science, and Related Agencies. It will fund high-priority local efforts to combat violence against women, house federal detainees, and help missing and exploited children. It also directs a historically high amount of funds toward national scientific research into manufacturing, neuroscience, STEM education, and cybersecurity.
Speaking of SOFIA
Additionally, H.R. 2578 includes language that would protect and continue to fund NASAs Stratospheric Observatory for Infrared Astronomy (SOFIA,) located in Palmdale. Catch me speaking on the floor about its importance
here .
Getting Over the Gas Tax
In Small Business Committee on June 4, we talked about the need for a long-term surface transportation reauthorization. I brought up the fact that California and the rest of the country need a more sensible alternative to the gas tax.
Asking about the gas tax in Small Business Committee
An Energetic Vice-Chair
I am pleased to announce that Chairman Lamar Smith of the Committee on Science, Space &amp; Technology appointed me as Vice Chair of the Subcommittee on Energy.
Energy has a huge impact on our daily lives, and I look forward to applying my knowledge of the subject to create policy that helps our communities. I am excited to work with Chairman Randy Weber in my new role to continue to develop the world's best energy policy.
Speaking in Science, Space and Technology Committee
Around the District
SCV Office is Open!
My Santa Clarita Office is fully up and running! If you're having an issue with the Federal government, please give my office a call. Here's the info:
Location: 26415 Carl Boyer Drive, Suite 220
Santa Clarita, CA 91350
Phone Number: (661) 255-5630
Hours: Monday through Friday, 9am-5pm
Talking about Veterans
Last week, I sat down in my Palmdale Office with Dennis Anderson, who is a recent graduate of the USC School of Social Work with a concentration on military issues. We discussed ways we can help our communitys veterans, including legislative proposals I am currently considering.
Discussing veterans programs with Dennis Anderson
Boys and Girls Night Out
Last Friday night I attended the Santa Clarita Valley Boys &amp; Girls Club Auction. Thank you to the SCV Boys and Girls Club for all that you do in the community. What a great event for a great cause.
At the Santa Clarita Valley Boys &amp; Girls Club Auction
Around the Corner
Music to Our Ears Concert
Thursday, June 11, 6-7:30pm
Simi Valley Public Library, 2969 Tapo Canyon Road, Simi Valley
Food Truck Saturday
Saturday, June 13, 4-8:00pm
Santa Clarita Valley, 26573 Carl Boyer Drive, Santa Clarita, CA 91350
Flag Day Ceremony
Sunday, June 14, 11am
Poncitln Square, 38315 9th Street East, Palmdale
EDD Small Business Seminar: Federal/State Tax and Payroll Basics
Thursday, June 25, 9am-3:30pm
America's Job Center of California, Simi Valley Room, 980 Enchanted Way, Simi Valley
WEBSITE
|
UNSUBSCRIBE
|
CONTACT
Click Here Click Here