DOCTYPE html
June 14, 2015
Congressman McHenry Weekly Update
Trade Promotion Authority Passes the House
This Friday the House took an important step for transparency and Congressional oversight with House passage of Trade Promotion Authority (TPA). Due to
Democratic intransigence , the underlying legislation that would send TPA to the President's desk for a signature did not pass. However I remain hopeful that in the coming days, President Obama will work with the members of his own party to find a path forward for this vital legislation. This is a bill designed to open a sometimes secretive process to Congress and--more importantly--the American people.
Earlier this week I joined CNBC's Squawk Box to discuss TPA and its prospects for House passage. Complete video of my interview can be accessed by clicking the image below.
Why Trade Promotion Authority?
Over the last few weeks there has been a great deal of misinformation spread about Trade Promotion Authority (TPA) and what it does. Trade Promotion Authority is ultimately a vote for increased Congressional oversight and transparency. Without it, President Obama can negotiate trade agreements on his own and bring them for a Congressional vote without ANYONE having read them. TPA opens up the process. It allows Congress to set the ground rules for these negotiations, ground rules that, for example, prevent items like immigration or climate change from being a part of the negotiations. If the President attempts to include a controversial initiative, TPA allows Congress to end the process.
Additionally TPA ensures that members of Congress have access to the negotiations as they move forward, allowing them to attend negotiating rounds or view detailed notes from them if they cannot attend. If a trade agreement is agreed to, TPA requires that the final agreement be publicized for AT LEAST 60 days. This means if you have an internet connection, you can read the ENTIRE agreement. Finally, TPA demands Congress have an up or down vote on the final agreement.
In my eyes, these last two aspects are why we MUST have TPA. It allows you and me to read the entirety of any trade agreement, consider its benefits, and--only then--make a decision on whether or not to support it. TPA is not about ceding power to the President, its the exact opposite. It ensures you and I have a decisive role and say in this vital process.
Proud to Support
America is blessed with the greatest military and troops in the world. The brave men and women who defend out nation across the globe represent the best the world has to offer. However they cannot do this vital job without our help and this week the House did our part by passing H.R. 2685, the Department of Defense Appropriations Act, 2016. This bill ensures our troops have the tools they need to defend us abroad and also provides the resources needed for our military and their families when they come home.
Sadly, this legislation's prospects of passage in the Senate look grim. Senate Democrats and their leader Harry Reid have decided to withhold support for this bill in order to increase funding for government bureaucrats like those at the EPA and IRS. This is simply unacceptable. Our troops should NEVER be used as a bargaining chip in Washington's political games and it is my sincere hope Senate Democrats will reconsider this regrettable strategy. My full statement on passage of H.R. 2685 can be found below.
What I Have Been Reading
Thousands Celebrate Tryon Equestrian Center Grand Opening
WLOS
While most of America was focused on New York and American Pharoah winning the Triple Crown, Western North Carolina was also home to an important equestrian event. Last Saturday the Tryon Equestrian Center in Polk County enjoyed its grand opening with the inaugural Governor's Cup. This past weekend's event was the first of many at this brand-new, world class facility in Tryon.
Braylon Beam, 6-year old cancer patient, signs 1-day deal with Panthers
ESPN
Tremendous gesture by the Carolina Panthers to name Denver's Braylon Beam coach for the day. Braylon has endured a great deal as he goes through cancer treatment but throughout, he has remained positive and upbeat. It is awesome to see his favorite team recognize him and celebrate him for his courage.
WASHINGTON, D.C. OFFICE
2334 Rayburn HOB
Washington, D.C. 20515
Telephone: 202.225.2576
Fax: 202.225.0316
HICKORY DISTRICT OFFICE
87 4th St. NW, Ste A, PO Box 1830
Hickory, NC 28603
Telephone: 828.327.6100
Toll-Free in NC: 800.477.2576
Fax: 828.327.8311
GASTONIA DISTRICT OFFICE
Suite 115
Gaston Co. Administrative Bldg
128 West Main Avenue
Gastonia, NC 28053
Telephone: 704.833.0096
BLACK MTN. DISTRICT OFFICE
160 Midland Avenue
Black Mountain, NC 28711
Telephone: 828.669.0600
Click Here Click Here