
If
you are having trouble viewing this message or would like to share it
on a social network, you can
view the message online .
June 02, 2015
Biography
|
Contact Us
|
Constituent Services
|
Issues
|
Newsroom
|
District Map
Dear
Friend,
This edition of my newsletter
begins with recent events in the District, including the finalization
of the City of Cleveland-Department of Justice Consent Decree and the
verdict in the Michael Brelo trial .
Next this edition
discusses three bills I recently introduced or co-sponsored in
Washington.
Two of these bills aim to help students and families with the
cost of college, while the third facilitates treatment for those
suffering from drug abuse.
This newsletter also highlights the 2015
opening of the Port of Cleveland, the winner of the Congressional Art
Competition, and a floor speech I gave with members of the
Congressional Black Caucus regarding poverty and unrest in Baltimore, MD.
Thank you for letting me keep you informed.
Yours in
Service,
Marcia L.
Fudge
Member of Congress
Agreement Reached between the City of Cleveland and
U.S. Department of Justice
On May 26, the City of Cleveland and the U.S. Department of
Justice came together and successfully negotiated a consent decree regarding
patterns of unconstitutional policing and the use of excessive force
in the Cleveland Division of Police (CDP). Among other directives, the
consent decree 1) calls for the CDP to reform use of force policies,
2) provides for more officer training and resources, and 3) creates a
new Community Police Commission and civilian inspector general.
I commend Mayor Frank Jackson, Steven
Dettelbach, U.S. Attorney for the Northern District of Ohio, and
former U.S. Attorney General Eric Holder for their diligence and hard work.
The agreement signals a renewed sense of commitment to our
community.
While there is still work to be done, this is a giant step in
the right direction.
I pledge my support to the Mayor, the
Department of Justice and our citizens to continue the positive momentum. To
read more about the U.S. Department of Justice consent decree with
the City of Cleveland,
please
click
here .
Breaking
Addiction Act
The
Breaking Addiction Act of 2015,
introduced in April, gives states
more flexibility to help Americans struggling with drug addiction.
In 2014, 44,000 people died from drug overdoses across the country,
and in 2013, 250 died in Cuyahoga and Summit Counties.
Our
community facilities turned many away for treatment because of current
limits on how Medicaid can be used to pay for care.
Drug
addiction is not only a health issue, it is also a social crisis.
Untreated addiction can lead to homelessness, more drug related arrests,
increased hospital visits, and higher insurance premiums for everyone.
Current law allows facilities with 16 beds or less to use
Medicaid funds to pay for mental health treatment.
My legislation
increases the number of beds to 60, by allowing states to apply for a
waiver and serve more patients.
Millions of Americans are suffering
in silence from mental health issues, including drug addiction.
Lets work together to help them get treatment.
To learn more
about the bill,
click here .
Go to High School, Go to
College Act
Two years after U.S. Department of Education Secretary, Arne
Duncan, and I ( pictured above ) met with 11 th
District
superintendents, I re-introduced the
Go to High School, Go to
College Act of 2015 .
In response to ideas discussed in the
meeting, my bill increases opportunities for students to go to college by
allowing Early College high school students to use Pell Grant funds to
cover costs.
This legislation helps address concerns I hear every
day from families looking for accessible, affordable ways to earn
college credits.
I am working with my Congressional colleagues to
pass this bill. To read a summary of the bill,
click here .
Bank on Students Emergency Loan Refinancing Act
I co-sponsored the
Bank on Students
Emergency Loan Refinancing Act of 2015
to further support American
students and families.
With this bill, students and families will
have more options to refinance high interest public and private
student loans.
According to June 2014 estimates from the U.S.
Department of Education, over one million borrowers in Ohio would benefit from
student loan refinancing. Under the proposed bill, participating
borrowers would save an average of $2,000 over the life of their loan.
To read more about the bill,
click here .
CMHA
Jobs-Plus Pilot Program
On
April 2, the U.S. Department of Housing and Urban Development (HUD)
awarded the Cuyahoga Metropolitan Housing Authority (CMHA) a three-million
dollar grant to create a Jobs-Plus pilot program.
This grant will
enable CMHA to partner with the community to provide on-site job
training, placement services, and rent incentives to residents of specific
sites.
CMHA is one of nine public housing authorities selected
by HUD to participate in the four-year program that invests a total of
$24 million in an initiative designed to bring better paying jobs to
residents of public housing. Empowering families is at the center of
the Jobs-Plus program, and I am excited for Cleveland residents to
maintain employment and build a better and brighter future.
For more
information on the HUD Jobs-Plus Pilot program, please contact Gina
Rodriguez at Gina.Rodriquez@hud.gov.
Loretta Lynch Confirmed as U.S. Attorney
General
After 166 days, our nation
witnessed the historic confirmation and swearing in of Loretta Lynch as the
first African American female U.S. Attorney General.
U.S.
Attorney Lynch can be viewed as the culmination of the American dream, and
serves as a role model for young women and girls across the nation. She
helped prove that when you work hard, you will be rewarded.
Shamefully, some in Washington worked hard to block her confirmation for
reasons that have nothing to do with qualifications.
I hope my
Congressional colleagues have learned from this mistake and will move
forward to give all nominees a fair process for confirmation.
Congratulations, Attorney Lynch, on being confirmed and sworn in as our
nations top law enforcement officer!
Find me on Facebook, Twitter, Instagram and
YouTube:
Congressional Art
Competition
Alice Janigro, a senior at Cleveland Heights High
School, won Best in Show in the 11th District's 2015 Congressional Art
Competition.
Janigro's artwork, titled
New Zealand
Landscape , will be displayed in the U.S. Capitol for one year.
More than 110 works of art were submitted by local high school
students.
Have a question?
You can ask
me!
Join
my next
Telephone
Town
Hall
Tuesday, June 16
6 PM
Sign up
here!
Rep. Fudge Hosts News Conference
at
Port of Cleveland
On May 7, I hosted a news conference with several
Northeast Ohio shipping, business, and labor leaders to discuss the
state of the Port of Cleveland and provide early numbers for the 2015
shipping season.
The Port is a job creator, supporting nearly
18,000 jobs directly and indirectly.
Since 2008, jobs have increased
by 60 percent.
More jobs in Ohio mean more stability for Ohios
families.
I applaud the efforts of the Port to give jobs to
hardworking Ohioans, and continued growth in our region.
"When Baltimore Happens"
Click the photo above to hear me speak on the House Floor about
civil unrest in Baltimore, poverty in our communities, and the need for
more accountability in law enforcement.
"Thank you all so very much
for your assistance with navigating the Medicare system and helping to
expedite the application for my daughter. She received her card and
info in the mail yesterday. I am singing your praises to everyone I
know."
- D. P.
"Thank you for all your efforts in quickly
helping us to secure VA survivor benefits for my mother.
Within
two and a half weeks of contacting you, her claim was approved and
retroactive benefits deposited into her checking account. You do not know
how much your intervention has meant to us."
- R. K., South Euclid
"It is good to know that we can depend on
Congresswoman Fudge to look out for the elderly and act in their best
interest."
- L. W.
Contact Info
Washington, DC Office
2344
Rayburn House Office Building
Washington, D.C.
20515
Phone: (202) 225-7032
Fax: (202) 225-1339
District Office - Cuyahoga
County
4834 Richmond Road, Suite
150
Warrensville Heights, OH
44128
Phone: (216) 522-4900
Fax: (216) 522-4908
District Office - Summit County
1225 Lawton Street
Akron, OH 44320
Phone: (330)
835-4758
Fax: (330)
835-4863
Unsubscribe
|
Update
My Profile
|
Privacy Policy
gateway mail
end 