
If
you are having trouble viewing this message or would like to share it
on a social network, you can
view the message online .
HOME
ABOUT
CONTACT
ME
SERVING YOU
MEDIA CENTER
ISSUES &amp;
LEGISLATION
OUR DISTRICT
June 05, 2015
Dear Friend,
This week the House passed an
amendment I offered to the Commerce, Justice and Science Appropriations Act
which would increase the effectiveness of recovery plans for species
of salmon and steelhead listed under the Endangered Species Act by
ensuring an appropriate focus is placed on predation control
efforts.
We are spending millions of dollars and sending millions of
gallons down our rivers to protect native fish populations in the
Central Valley. Our farmers and families are living under strict water
restrictions which are designed to take care of the native salmon and
steelhead. And yet, a recent study conducted on the Tuolumne River found
that over 95% of the salmon and steelhead were eaten by non-native
predators in only three months. If we dont protect our endangered native
fish, were just wasting time, money and water on these restrictions.
Read more about my amendment
here .
On Tuesday I participated in a hearing held by the Transportation and
Infrastructure Committee on last months Amtrak train 188 derailment,
which resulted in over 200 injuries and the loss of eight lives. The
American people, and especially the families of those who lost their
lives, deserve answers about how this horrific crash took place. When I
traveled to Philadelphia to visit the crash site the day after the
accident, it was clear that our federal agencies were working hard to
understand this tragedy, and I appreciate all of their efforts. Yet its
been more than three weeks since the derailment, and we still dont
have details like whether or not the engineer was using his phone just
before the crash or how he could have been going twice the allowed
speed limit.
I told those testifying during the hearing
that I expected them to provide quick answers . I also questioned
Federal Railroad Administration (FRA) Acting Administrator Sarah
Feinberg about the FRAs choice to prioritize spending on projects such as
California high-speed rail over California PTC implementation and
secured a commitment from her to review the practice.
Safety
has to be our top priority. The FRA has been spending billions on
Californias high-speed rail project with no way to secure the more than
$100 billion still needed to complete the line from Sacramento to San
Diego. Meanwhile, a needed safety improvement and upgrade is neglected
by the Administration in favor of the high-speed train. You can watch
my exchange with Acting Administrator Feinberg
here .
I
visited with students from Salida Middle School at the Capitol on
Monday.
Last weekend I had the
honor of addressing graduating classes at CSU Stanislaus and Central
Catholic High School.
I asked students who had chosen to enlist in our
armed forces to stand and be recognized at the beginning of my
remarks.
Meeting so many young
graduates with bright futures always reminds me of the importance of
fighting for our children and their futures. I decided to enlist in the Air
Force at the age of 17. After training and serving in active duty, I
returned home to begin my education. After college I was able to find a
job and being paying off my loans. I was able to start my own small
business, start a family, and find a home. These are the kinds of
opportunities each of our young graduates should have. With todays ever
growing cost of education, increasing housing costs and competitive job
market, I'm committed to keeping up the fight for your
kids.
If you have questions about pending legislation or need help with a
federal agency, remember you can always call,
email , or attend one of my
Mobile District Office
Hours , where staff and I can help.
Please be sure to
connect with me on
Facebook ,
Twitter ,
YouTube
or
Instagram .
JEFF DENHAM
Do you believe
the government should be required to focus on predator fish control
efforts? Yes No Do you believe the cost of
education is growing too fast? Yes No *By answering this survey, you are subscribing to my newsletter. If you are having trouble, click here.
E-mail Updates
Yes, please periodically send me e-mail updates.*
*By subscribing to my
e-mail updates, you
are authorizing me to send regular e-mail updates from my office to
your e-mail account.
Double-click here to add your own content
to this area or hover your mouse cursor to see more
options.
DC
office:
1730 Longworth HOB
Washington, DC
20515
P: 202-225-4540
F: 202-225-3402
Modesto Office:
4701 Sisk Road, Suite
202
Modesto, CA 95356
P: 209-579-5458
F: 209-579-5028
Unsubscribe
|
Update My Profile
|
Privacy
Policy
