DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.0 Transitional//EN" "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml1/DTD/xhtml1-transitional.dtd"
District Update | May 25, 2015
Click here
if you have trouble viewing this email
Dear Friends,
There is no more noble a cause than risking your life to defend the people and the virtues you value most. Since our brave founders signed the Declaration of Independence, America has been powered by patriots willing to die for the liberty and freedom of our Nation.
For me, this represents the power of Memorial Day. Today is a time for reflection and gratitude towards those who have made the ultimate sacrifice so we can live freely.
In honor of Memorial Day, with humility and a grateful heart, I went to Arlington National Cemetery and visited the gravesite of one of Arkansass military heroes, Sergeant Michael Sturdivant of Conway, who was killed in Iraq in 2008.
While standing at his grave, I at once experienced feelings of sadness and pride: sad that a 20-year old was taken from this earth too soon, but proud of his belief that dying for a cause greater than himself is how he will always be remembered.
Rep. Hill standing at the gravesite of Sgt. Sturdivant at Arlington National Cemetery.
Sgt. Sturdivant's headstone at Arlington National Cemetery.
While I never knew Sgt. Sturdivant personally, I remember hearing about his death and, in turn, hearing about his life. He was a leader in our community, an Eagle Scout turned soldier, who wanted to serve his Nation during its time of need.
Following his death, his mother, Cheryl, said, "Our family believes that evil prospers when good men do nothing.
Her sentiment is absolute, and I hope she knows the world remains a better place because of her family's sacrifice.
Earlier I mentioned the Declaration of Independence, one of the most inspiring documents in human history. However, as great as the Declaration is, its real power is tied to those like Sgt. Sturdivant who were willing to die to protect what it represents, because without their heroic efforts it would be nothing more than words.
This Memorial Day, I would like to hear stories about those whose military service has inspired you in the same way Sgt. Sturdivant has inspired me.
Please connect with me on
Facebook
to share your thoughts.
Wishing you and your families a Happy Memorial Day,
Representative French Hill
Golden Fleece Award
Have a Golden Fleece Submission?
Submit it
here .
Every year, Congress appropriates trillions of dollars to fund the federal government, and every year the federal government wastes portions of these funds in unconscionable ways. As a Member of Congress, and as a taxpayer, this frustrates me to no end. In an attempt to increase accountability for every single government program, I have decided to bring back the Golden Fleece Award.
Originally introduced by Democratic U.S. Senator from Wisconsin William Proxmire in March of 1975, the Golden Fleece Award was a monthly bulletin on the most frivolous and wasteful uses of hardworking taxpayers dollars. The Golden Fleece Award became a staple in the U.S. Senate during this time, and Senator Robert Byrd once stated that the awards were as much a part of the Senate as quorum calls and filibusters.
In reviving this idea, the Golden Fleece Award will again have the opportunity to serve as an important reminder to taxpayers about the need for necessary, commonsense reforms to our federal spending.
To watch Rep. Hill's floor statement introducing the Golden Fleece Award, click the image below:
State's Hill to shake out old 'Golden Fleece'
May 22, 2015
By Sarah Wire
The Arkansas Democrat-Gazette
U.S. Rep. French Hill will call out federal agencies or employees that misuse or waste federal money through a "Golden Fleece" award, he announced Wednesday on the House floor.
Click
here
to read the rest.
Washington, DC Office
1229 Longworth House Office Building
Washington, DC 20515
Phone: (202) 225-2506
Fax: (202) 225-5903
Conway Office
1105 Deer Street, Suite 12
Conway, AR 72032
Phone: (501) 358-3481
Fax: (501) 358-3494
Little Rock Office
1501 N. University Ave., Suite 150
Little Rock, AR 72207
Phone: (501) 324-5941
Fax: (501) 324-6029
UPDATE SUBSCRIPTION OPTIONS
|
PRIVACY POLICY
|
CONTACT US
Click Here Click Here