 Mail begin
If you are having trouble viewing this message or would like to
share it on a social network, you can
view the message online .
HOME
NEWS
SERVICES
LEGISLATION
CONTACT
May 11, 2015
Congress Completes Joint
Balanced Budget Resolution
This past week, the Senate
passed our joint balanced budget resolution, capping off an historic and
much needed bicameral agreement on funding the federal government. For
the first time in years, Congress has passed a budget that actually
balances. It's an important step toward restoring real fiscal
responsibility in Washington and building a stronger, safer and more secure
America.
It has been an honor working with Senate
Budget Committee Chairman Mike Enzi (R-WY) and our colleagues these past
few months. Together, we have built a balanced budget that will promote
a healthier economy and make Washington more accountable. There is
much we have done, and there is much yet to be done. In the weeks and
months to come, we must build on this successful effort and continue to
put forward positive solutions to the myriad of fiscal, economic and
national security challenges facing our great
nation.
Our Congressional Balanced Budget by the Numbers:
$5+ trillion in savings.
$32 billion surplus in 2024,
$24 billion surplus in 2025, and stays in balance in the
out-years.
$400 billion in additional economic growth over the next
10 years, according to CBO.
1.2 million additional jobs
over the next 10 years, based on CBO data.
2001
Restores the trust of hardworking taxpayers by passing the first joint
ten-year balanced budget resolution since 2001.
Why We Fight for Positive
Solutions
As we've said before, our budget is
not merely numbers on a page. It's a vision for our country. That is
why we continue to fight for positive reforms to important programs like
Medicare and Medicaid that will not only help restore fiscal
responsibility but also improve the efficiency and effectiveness of those
programs.
In this past Monday's
Wall Street Journal
it was reported that "Medicaid recipients
newly insured under the health law [Obamacare] are struggling to get
appointments or find doctors who will accept their coverage." There's
no mistaking that Medicaid is in dire need of reform. That is why in
our recently passed budget we put forward policies to improve this
program by giving states more freedom and flexibility to tailor the program
to meet the needs of their communities. Simply adding millions to a
broken system -- as Obamacare has done -- is foolish and
harmful.
And our reforms efforts don't stop there. Congress must
also tackle important priorities like our transportation and
infrastructure challenges.
As reported in this weekend's
Atlanta Journal-Constitution:
'The idea that
Congress should play a role in infrastructure is 'a fairly bipartisan
view,' said Rep. Tom Price of Roswell, who chairs the House budget
committee. How to pay for it is a different matter. 'The resources are
there if we prioritize correctly,' Price insisted.
'What that means is we've got to get the federal government
out of what it ought not to be doing...to do the things the federal
government ought to be doing.'
You can check
out the rest of the AJC article
HERE.
Please Feel Free to Tell a
Friend E-mail:
E-mail: E-mail:
Share on Twitter Share on Facebook
Washington DC Office
100
Cannon House Office Building
Washington DC 20515
Phone:
202-225-4501
Fax: 202-225-4656
District Office:
85-C
Mill Street, Suite 300
Roswell, GA
30075
Phone: 770-998-0049
Fax: 770-998-0050
Internet:
Web:
http://tomprice.house.gov
E-mail:
E-mail Tom by clicking here
Unsubscribe
|
Update My
Profile
|
Privacy Policy
gateway mail end
