
Jun
12
News From Senator Ayotte's Office
Dear Friends,
I began this week at GE Aviation in Hooksett, where I joined Senator Shaheen, Senator Maria Cantwell (D-WA), and local suppliers to discuss the importance of renewing the Export-Import Bank, which helps New Hampshire businesses compete in the global marketplace and create jobs, while returning billions of dollars to the Treasury for deficit reduction. The Bank's charter is set to expire on June 30, and I'm cosponsoring bipartisan legislation that would reauthorize the Bank until September 2019, increase small business lending, support New Hampshire jobs, and minimize the risk to taxpayers by enhancing oversight. I took to the Senate floor this week to call for a vote on this bill, and I'll continue to push for the Bank's renewal so that New Hampshire businesses continue to have access to this important source of financing. Scroll down to read more.
At a Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs Committee hearing this week, I questioned officials about an alarming report that 73 aviation workers had links to terrorism - yet the Transportation Security Administration's (TSA) vetting process had failed to uncover this critical information because of bureaucratic barriers. When it comes to the security of our aviation system we need to ensure that there are proper information-sharing procedures in place, and I'll continue to push the agency to address these problems with urgency. In light of the findings of this report, as well as troubling media accounts of recent security checkpoint failures, TSA needs strong leadership and a coherent strategy to best protect the traveling public. I raised these issues at a hearing the following day to consider the nomination of Vice Admiral Peter Neffenger to serve as the next TSA administrator, and I hope the Senate will act soon on his confirmation.
As I visit manufacturers throughout New Hampshire, I hear frequently about the challenges they're facing in finding high-skilled workers to fill good-paying jobs. Senator Chris Coons (D-DE) and I reintroduced a bill this week that would give cities and states greater flexibility and resources to develop manufacturing training programs that fit their unique needs. The legislation would create an annual fully paid for $100 million competitive grant program to support initiatives that strengthen the manufacturing workforce and address regional skills challenges. This measure will help strengthen New Hampshire's workforce and I look forward to building support for this commonsense proposal.
This week, the Senate continued debating the National Defense Authorization Act, which authorizes funding and programs for our military. In addition to several measures I worked to include, the bill authorizes two important projects to help Pease Air National Guard Base prepare for the arrival of the KC-46A air refueling tanker, and it addresses key priorities at Portsmouth Naval Shipyard (PNSY) - including a provision I fought for that presses the Navy to ensure that junior enlisted sailors at Portsmouth have the safe and suitable housing they deserve. The bill also authorizes essential funding for the Virginia Class submarines that will provide continued work for the skilled workers at PNSY for decades to come. Passing the defense bill is crucial for our national security and ensuring our troops have the funding and support they need to do their jobs.
Speaking of Portsmouth Naval Shipyard, today marks the shipyard's 215th birthday! Granite Staters are so proud of the contributions that generations of PNSY workers have made to protect our national security. I'll keep working to protect the shipyard and its workforce to ensure PNSY remains the Navy's center of excellence for attack submarine maintenance.
Please read on for more news from my office. Enjoy the weekend - and good luck to the Manchester Monarchs tonight as they take on the Utica Comets in Game 4 of the Calder Cup Championship!
Bipartisan Support for Renewing the Export-Import Bank
On Monday, Senator Ayotte joined Senator Shaheen and Senator Maria Cantwell (D-WA) at GE Aviation in Hooksett to discuss the importance of reauthorizing the Export-Import (Ex-Im) Bank. The Bank's charter is set to expire on June 30th, unless Congress takes action.
"I appreciated the opportunity to meet with representatives from GE Aviation and local suppliers to discuss the importance of renewing the Export-Import Bank, which helps New Hampshire businesses compete in the global marketplace and create jobs," said Senator Ayotte. "I've helped introduce bipartisan legislation that would renew the Bank's charter, and I'll continue to work across the aisle to reauthorize Ex-Im so that New Hampshire exporters continue to have access to financing that helps them sell their goods and services overseas and create more jobs."
Click
here
to read more and watch
video
of Ayotte's remarks on the Senate floor.
Union Leader : Ayotte Says Gaps in TSA Vetting Process for Employees is "Mind-Boggling"
Click for
video
Ayotte: Holes in TSA vetting procedures for workers 'mind boggling'
By Dan Tuohy
Union Leader
June 9, 2015
Holes in the Transportation Security Administration's vetting process for workers are simply "mind-boggling," U.S. Sen. Kelly Ayotte, R-NH, said in an oversight hearing Tuesday.
Ayotte questioned John Roth, Inspector General of the Department of Homeland Security, regarding a report that the TSA's vetting process failed to identify 73 aviation workers found to have had terrorism-related links.
An Inspector General investigation, designed to test airport screening, also saw undercover auditors smuggle simulated explosives or weapons past security checkpoints 95 percent of the time, according to media reports of classified information.
Ayotte, as a member of the Senate Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs Committee, said it was inexplicable why the TSA was not vetting workers against the FBI database. "I think all of us are quite shocked by this in terms of basic common sense," she said.
Read more
here .
Boosting New Hampshire's Advanced Manufacturing Workforce
On Wednesday, Senator Ayotte and Senator Chris Coons (D-DE) introduced legislation to facilitate modernized manufacturing training programs. The legislation would provide an annual fully paid for $100 million competitive grant to incentivize growing the manufacturing workforce and increase employees' skillsets.
"As I visit manufacturers throughout New Hampshire, I hear frequently about the challenges they're facing in finding high-skilled workers to fill good-paying jobs," said Senator Ayotte. "Job training needs to be customized to a city or state's local economy - there's no one-size-fits-all model. Rather than dictate job training standards from the top, our bill allows local officials, educational institutions, and business leaders to partner together and build job training plans that best fit their unique needs - helping ensure New Hampshire has the right workforce."
"The Business and Industry Association, New Hampshire's statewide chamber of commerce, appreciates Senator Ayotte's continued bipartisan efforts to boost advanced manufacturing with her reintroduction of the 'Manufacturing Skills Act.' This important initiative addresses two top priority issues for BIA -- creating an environment that supports the growth of advanced manufacturing and technology companies, and improving educational outcomes and skills for our next generation workforce," said BIA President, Jim Roche.
Read more
here .
Police Organization Honors Ayotte for Passing Bill to Help Families of Fallen Public Safety Officers
Senator Ayotte with Bill Johnson, Executive Director of NAPO
This week, the National Association of Police Organizations (NAPO) presented Senator Ayotte with the 2015 Outstanding Member of Congress Award for her continued work on behalf of public safety officers and their families, particularly her successful efforts to enact legislation that exempts public safety officer survivor benefits from federal taxation.
"I am honored and humbled to receive this award. Public safety officers in New Hampshire and across the country risk their lives every day in order to keep us safe, and I am committed to continuing my work in the Senate to support law enforcement and eliminate burdens for the families of our fallen and disabled public safety officers," said Senator Ayotte.
Read more
here .
Protecting Domestic Violence Victims and Their Pets
This week, Senator Ayotte joined Senator Gary Peters (D-MI) to introduce the Pet and Women Safety (PAWS) Act. The bill would protect victims of domestic violence, sexual assault, stalking, and dating violence from emotional and psychological trauma caused by acts or threats of violence against their pets.
"Domestic violence victims should not have to choose between their own personal safety and that of their pet," said Senator Ayotte. "Domestic violence is about power and control, and all too often we see abusers harming or threatening to harm pets in an attempt to exercise control over their victims.
The PAWS Act provides important authorities and resources to help empower victims of domestic and sexual violence and stalking to leave abusive situations and seek help."
Amanda Grady Sexton, Director of Public Policy for the New Hampshire Coalition Against Domestic and Sexual Violence, said, "Our local crisis centers have all too often seen the painfully difficult decisions that victims face when abusers take advantage of emotional attachments to family pets. The legislation Senator Ayotte has introduced will help to make sure that victims do not need to make the choice between protecting their pet or leaving an abusive relationship, and we are very thankful for her efforts."
Read more
here .
Photos of the Week
Senator Ayotte with New Hampshire members of One Voice Against Cancer: Scott Joy (Durham), Brian Highhouse (Meriden), Elise Daniel (Durham) and
Laura Koontz, (Director of Policy, Ovarian Cancer National Alliance ).
Visiting with SMSgt. Andre KillKelley of Merrimack, his wife Suzzanne, and daughter Kaitlyn at this week's coffee reception. SMSgt. KillKelley is currently stationed at Ellsworth Air Force Base in South Dakota.
Senator Ayotte greeted the Harrington family from Bedford before their Capitol tour. Emalie Harrington (center) is New Hampshire's Children's Miracle Network Champion. Click
here
to read more about Emalie's inspriring story.
Senator Ayotte with Katherine Emley from Pike, New Hampshire (second from left) and students from the State Department's Kennedy-Lugar Youth Exchange and Study Abroad program at this week's coffee reception.
Warm Regards,
Kelly Ayotte
United States Senator
Email Kelly
Manchester Office
1200 Elm Street, Suite 2
Manchester, NH 03101 Phone:
603-622-7979
Nashua Office
144 Main Street
Nashua, NH 03060 Phone:
603-880-3335
North Country Office 19 Pleasant Street, Suite 13B
Berlin, NH 03570 Phone:
603-752-7702 Fax:
603-752-7704
Portsmouth Office
14 Manchester Square, Ste 140
Portsmouth, NH 03801 Phone:
603-436-7161
Washington, DC
144 Russell Senate Office Building
Washington, DC 20510
Phone:
202-224-3324
Email Kelly
|
ayotte.senate.gov
|
Unsubscribe
