
Monday Jun. 8, 2015
WEBSITE
|
FORWARD TO A FRIEND
| SHARE ON:
Welcome to the 7th edition of my e-newsletter. We have a very busy two months ahead of us here in the House of Representatives, and one of my top focuses as your Congressman is to keep you as informed as possible about everything that is happening. Thank you for following these updates.
I want to start this edition by letting you know that I am hosting my first
Iowa Veterans Job Fair on Tuesday June 30th.
The event will take place in Cedar Rapids at the Veterans Memorial Building.
RSVP by clicking here.
For more information please contact Jack Mescher from our Cedar Rapids office at (319)364-2288 or
jack.mescher@mail.house.gov .
Here are some more highlights of my recent work both in Iowa and Washington:
In Iowa:
A highlight of my time back in Iowa was my visit to the Northeast Iowa Food Bank in Waterloo. I had the opportunity to see the impressive operations of the bank first hand, and even had a chance to deliver food myself to a wonderful 82 year old woman, Donna:
I am pleased to tell you that I have completed another round of constituent town halls on my "20 County Listening Tour". In Monticello I had the opportunity to meet Sarah Goode, a 2nd Lieutenant Officer in the U.S. Army and graduate of the University of Iowa to thank her for her service and also present her with a flag flown over our Nation's Capitol:
At our Dyersville coffee I discussed the budgetary challenges facing our nation, and took some great questions on topics like ISIS, free trade, and our national debt:
In Washington:
I had the opportunity to meet with Iowa members of the National Association of Manufacturers to discuss the best ways for the private sector to create more good paying manufacturing jobs in Iowa and across America:
My hometown Dubuque Chamber of Commerce made their annual visit to our nations Capitol. I really enjoyed talking about how we can work together to strengthen the economy:
I also officially launched the bipartisan Slovak Caucus with Rep. Peter Visclosky (D-IN) after meeting with the Ambassador of Slovakia to the United States Peter Kmec and Gail Naughton, President and CEO of the National Czech &amp; Slovak Museum &amp; Library in Cedar Rapids. With many Slovaks living throughout Eastern Iowa, this caucus will help our two countries develop a stronger relationship:
I am extremely grateful for the opportunity to represent you in Congress and will continue to serve all of Northeast Iowa to the best of my ability.
For Iowa,
Rod
CONNECT
LATEST NEWS
Waterloo/Cedar Falls Courier: Blum Votes No On Freedom Act
Cedar Rapids Gazette: Blum Joins Congressional Slovak Caucus
Newsmax: Rep. Rod Blum "I'll Walk The Walk On Term Limits"
Anamosa Journal-Eureka: Blum Talks Politics At Monticello Event
Dubuque Telegraph Herald: Dubuque Groups Talks Policy In DC
NOTE: Please DO NOT respond to this email as this inbox is unattended. To contact my office please
click here
UPDATE SUBSCRIPTION OPTIONS
|
PRIVACY POLICY
|
CONTACT US
Click Here Click Here