
If you are having
trouble viewing this message or would like to share it on a social
network, you can
view the
message online .
About
Contact
Services
Media Center
Legislation
Issues
Resources
June 07, 2015
Friends,
I am sure you have heard a lot
of talk in the news recently about Trade Promotion Authority.
Trade Promotion Authority, commonly referred to as TPA, allows Congress
to have a final say in any trade agreement and grants the President
fast track authority to negotiate on behalf of the United States in the
international arena.
After a trade deal is brokered
by our President and other international representatives, Congress
will vote on the deal.
TPA does not grant the President new
authority or allow him to enter into an agreement
unilaterally.
This is an important vote as it impacts businesses and jobs in our
district.
My team and I surveyed several of our largest
district employers to get their views on TPA and how this would impact their
bottom line.
Here are some of the responses:
On behalf of the
International
Paper
employees in your district, many of whom have written to you
personally, I urge your support for a trade agenda that will advance
the global competitiveness of the U.S. economy. Passing TPA legislation
is a priority issue for our company.
"As our Timmonsville-based facility is the sole
global production source for Honda all-terrain (ATV) and side-by-side
(SxS) vehicles, Honda of South Carolina Mfg., Inc. understands the
benefits of rules-based trade and open investment for increasing
market-opening opportunities for our U.S.-origin products, said Brian Newman,
President of
Honda of South Carolina Mfg., Inc.
Therefore, we call upon Congress to pass TPA-2015 in order to
strengthen the trade deals that the U.S. negotiates to better benefit
American workers, American communities, and companies that manufacture in,
and export from, the United States."
TPA is critical to the long-term success of South
Carolinas small, medium, and large globally engaged businesses and farmers
in addition to their workers and families. We encourage you to support
it, said
Georgia-Pacific
in a joint letter to the
South Carolina congressional delegation. Georgia-Pacific operates a
Dixie Cup plant in Darlington County.
Perdue Farms
in Dillon County is a member of the
National Chicken Council and annually exports millions of pounds of
chicken parts.
It is now more important than ever to expand
poultry sales to other world markets, said National Chicken Council
President Mike Brown. Passage of TPA would help ensure foreign access for
U.S. chicken, generate more farm income, jobs in rural districts, and
improve the U.S. trade balance.
In general, I am in support of Fast Track legislation for the
executive branch, said Timothy Tilley, CEO of
Envirosep .
However, I believe any re-authorization should include
Congress's trade policy priorities and objectives, ensure the executive
branch adheres to Congressional policies and objectives, and ensure fair
trade practices.
Any good trade deal is a "win - win" for both
sides.
Generally, I believe the key benefactors of free trade deals
are large corporations, whereas, I would like to see policies that
help promote small firms like mine.
Farmers here in South Carolina help feed the world through
our agriculture exports, said the
SC Farm Bureau
President David Winkles.
In 2013, agribusiness was 30 percent of
the Port of Charlestons total container volume.
TPA will make
South Carolina and America more competitive on the global market by
expanding trade and investment opportunities.
Other South Carolina Employers Calling on
Congress to Pass TPA:
ABB Inc.; ACS, Inc.; BASF
Corporation; Beneteau; Canfor/ New South; Caterpillar; Cummins Inc.; Daimler
Trucks North America; Domtar; DuPont; Eaton; Ethox Chemicals; Gap
Inc.; General Electric; Honeywell; Illinois Tool Works Inc.; International
Paper; INA USA; ITRON; Kraft Foods Group, Inc.; MAR-MAC;
MeadWestvaco; Medtronic; Nation Ford Chemical; Nestl; Resolute Forest Products;
Schneider Electric; Siemens Corporation; Solvay; The Coca-Cola Company;
The Michaels Stores, Inc.; The Procter and Gamble Company; United
Technologies; UPS; W.S. Badcock Corp; Xerox
Corporation.
As you can see these employers are all in favor of
TPA.
However, before the House of Representatives votes on TPA,
I would like to get your opinion on the matter.
Please
take a moment to complete the poll below.
Do you support
Trade Promotion Authority (TPA)? Yes.
No. I do not
know. I would rather
not say. *By answering this survey, you are subscribing to my
newsletter. If you are having trouble, click here.
Intern Spotlight: Joseph-Caine
JC Player
JC joins our Washington, DC
office from Florence, SC, where he was born and raised.
He is a
junior at Clemson University, majoring in English and minoring in
History.
JC is a huge history buff, and enjoys spending his free time
hiking and playing the guitar, banjo, and drums.
During his time
on the Hill, JC has enjoyed learning more about the political field,
which he finds both interesting and important.
After graduation,
he is eager to get a job in the marketing arena, journalism field, or
continue working in the political sphere.
In Case
You Missed It
Here is our May Month in Review
Video.
Our Seventh District team put this together to provide you
with an overview of what we were up to last month.
Enjoy!
If you are having trouble viewing the
video, please click
HERE .
It is an honor and privilege to serve you and your family.
Have a good
week,
Tell a Friend
E-mail:
If you would
like to reply to this email or contact my office, please do so by
visiting the contact page on my website
here
as this email
is not monitored.
Washington D.C. Office
223 Cannon House
Office Building
Washington, DC 20515
Phone: (202) 225-9895
Fax:
(202) 225-9690
Grand Strand Office
2411 N. Oak Street
Suite 405
Myrtle Beach, SC 29577
Phone: (843)
445-6459
Fax: (843) 445-6418
Pee Dee
Office
1831 West Evans Street
Suite 300
Florence, SC
29501
Phone: (843) 679-9781
Fax: (843) 679-9783
Unsubscribe
|
Update My Profile
|
Privacy
Policy
