
If you are having trouble viewing this message
or would like to share it on a social network, you can
view the message online .
About
Contact
Services
Media
Center
Legislation
Issues
Resources
June 22, 2015
Dear David,
Here is a brief update on my work on behalf of Ventura
County.
My number one goal has always been to provide
the highest level of constituent services possible. If you need help
with a federal agency, please do not hesitate to contact my
office.
I also hope that you will reach out to me to express your
views about legislation and issues important to you. It is with your
input that I can best advocate for our
community.
It is an honor to serve you in
Congress.
JULIA
BROWNLEY
Member of Congress
Table
of Contents
Brownley hosts VA Secretary Robert McDonald at Veterans
Clinic
Brownley
a nnounces 2015 Congressional Art
Competition Winners
Brownley hosts Veterans Claims Expo in
Camarillo
Brownley convenes
Latino Roundtable
Brownley tours Stellar
Biotechnologies
Brownley reintroduces VOW to Hire Heroes
Act
Brownley and House
Democrats meet with Department of Transportation Secretary Anthony
Foxx
Brownley welcomes Ventura County Director of
Airports to the House Transportation and Infrastructure Subcommittee on
Aviation
Brownley
hosts
VA
Secretary Robert McDonald at Veterans Clinic
I was
very pleased to welcome VA Secretary Robert McDonald to the VA Oxnard
Community-Based Outpatient Clinic (CBOC). I invited him to see
first-hand the challenges that Ventura County's veterans face in accessing
care. During his visit, he toured the VA Oxnard CBOC and spoke with local
stakeholders in the veterans community. Secretary McDonald reaffirmed
the VAs commitment to our regions veterans by vowing to improve and
expand services. While there has been progress in reducing wait times
for our veterans, we still have a long way to go to ensure that all
veterans receive the care they have earned and deserve.
Brownley discusses
Ventura County veterans needs with Secretary McDonald at the Oxnard
Community-Based Outpatient
Clinic.
Brownley
a nnounces 2015 Congressional Art
Competition Winners
Last month, I had the opportunity
to recognize the winner, and honorable mentions, of the 2015
Congressional Art Competition for the 26th Congressional District. I was
impressed to see the talent of so many creative high school students who
participated in the competition. Congratulations to Jessica Han from
Newbury Park High School on being selected as this years winner. Her
piece, which is titled Auburn, will be displayed at the United States
Capitol in Washington, D.C. To learn more about the Congressional Art
Competition, click on the photo below:
Congresswoman Brownley congratulates 2015
Congressional Art competition participants and announces Jessica Han as the
winnner. Pictured in the photograph from left to right are: Alexandria
Pourvali, Ernesto Armbrocio, Congresswoman Brownley, Jessica Han, and
the mother of Gabriella Alghini. Not pictured is Reece
Knupp.
Brownley hosts Veterans Claims Expo in
Camarillo
Recently, I had the pleasure to host a Veterans Claims
Expo in Camarillo. The purpose of the event was to bring
representatives from the Department of Veterans Affairs (VA) to Ventura County to
assist veterans and their families with their pending claims or
appeals. It is my goal to ensure that all of our veterans throughout Ventura
County have access to the benefits that they have earned and rightly
deserve. If you or someone you know needs assistance with the VA,
please contact my office at (805) 379-1779.
Brownley speaks about how her office can be
a resource for veterans who need assistance with their VA
claims
Brownley convenes Latino
Roundtable
I convened a meeting with leaders within the Latino
community to discuss the current issues of concern throughout Ventura County.
From education to healthcare to labor to immigration, we covered an
array of topics that impact the Latino community in our region. I am
proud of the exemplary work these individuals are doing to create a
better quality of life for all who call Ventura County home.
Congresswoman Brownley
convenes a Latino Roundtable to discuss legislation and policies
important to Ventura County's Latino community. Pictured from left to
right: Arcenio Lopez, MICOP; Danny Carillo, SEIU Local 721; Alicia Flores,
La Hermandad Mexicana; Susana Covarrubias, La Hermandad Mexicana;
Congresswoman Julia Brownley; Jo Ann Olivares, LULAC; Claudia Leiva,
Ventura County Clergy and Laity United for Economic Justice; and Eder
Gaona, Future Leaders of
America.
Brownley tours Stellar Biotechnologies
This month, I was
welcomed by Stellar Biotechnologies, Inc. to tour their facility at
the Port of Hueneme. Stellar Biotechnologies, Inc. uses giant keyhole
limpets, which are found at the Port of Hueneme, to remove a
respiratory protein that is used in therapeutic vaccines. It was great to see
the fascinating and innovative pharmaceutical research underway at
Stellar Biotechnologies. I was also pleased to have an opportunity to
discuss how I am advocating for high-tech businesses in Congress, and
specifically my bill, the Innovation, Research, and Manufacturing Act,
which would expand and make permanent the research and development
tax credit.
Brownley tours Stellar Biotechnologies with Dr. Catherine Brisson and
discusses how she is advocating for high-tech businesses in Congress,
including through her bill, the Innovation, Research, and
Manufacturing Act, which would expand and make permanent the research and
development tax
credit.
Brownley
reintroduces VOW to Hire Heroes Act
I recently reintroduced
my bill, the VOW to Hire Heroes Act, which would expand and extend
the work opportunity tax credit for companies that hire veterans and
allow qualified tax-exempt organizations to make a credit available
against payroll taxes for hiring a veteran. When our servicemembers
return to the civilian workforce, we must help them find good-paying jobs
and connect them to businesses. The VOW to Hire Heroes Extension Act
would help unemployed and service-connected disabled veterans find work
and encourage businesses to hire these veterans.
Brownley and House Democrats meet with Department of Transportation
Secretary Anthony Foxx
I joined House Transportation
and Infrastructure Committee Democrats and Secretary Anthony Foxx to
discuss our plan to reauthorize highway and transit programs. We agree
that Congress must do its job and pass a long-term transportation
bill to move America forward, invest in transportation infrastructure,
and create jobs in our communities. That is why we introduced the GROW
America Act, a six-year bill to repair and rebuild transportation
infrastructure. I urge Speaker Boehner to let the Committee do its work and
move this legislation forward.
Brownley and House Transportation and
Infrastructure Committee Democrats meet with Secretary of Transportation Anthony
Foxx to disucss the importance of reauthorizing the Highway Trust Fund,
as well as the GROW America
Act.
Brownley welcomes Ventura County Director of Airports to the House
Transportation and Infrastructure Subcommittee on
Aviation
Did you know that Camarillo and Oxnard airports provide 2,500 jobs
locally and contribute $300 million to the local economy annually? I was
pleased to welcome Ventura County Director of Airports Todd McNamee to
a House Transportation and Infrastructure Aviation Subcommittee
roundtable this month, where we discussed why it is so important that
Congress continues to invest in the nearly 20,000 airports nationwide.
Todds insight was invaluable and helped emphasize the importance of
strengthening aviation both in our community and throughout the United
States.
Congresswoman Brownley welcomes Ventura County Director of Airports Todd McNamee
to a House Transportation and Infrastructure Subcommittee on Aviation
roundtable to discuss the importance of Congress investing in
airports across our
nation.
E-mail Updates
Yes,
please periodically send me e-mail updates.*
*By subscribing to my
e-mail updates, you are
authorizing me to send regular e-mail updates from my office to your
e-mail account.
Tell a Friend
E-mail:
Washington D.C.
Office
1019 Longworth HOB
Washington, DC 20515
Phone: 2022255811
Fax: 2022251100
Hours: Mon.-Fri. 9:00am-6:00pm Eastern
Oxnard, CA Office
300 E. Esplanade
Drive, Suite 470
Oxnard, CA 93036
Phone: 8053791779
Fax: 8053791799
Hours: Mon.-Thurs.
9:00am-5:30pm Pacific
Fri. 9:00am-5:00pm
Pacific
Thousand Oaks, CA Office
223
E. Thousand Oaks Blvd., Suite 411
Thousand Oaks, CA 91360
Phone Number:
8053791779
Fax: 8053791799
Hours: Mon.-Thurs. 9:00am-5:30pm Pacific
Fri. 9:00am-5:00pm Pacific
Unsubscribe
|
Update
My Profile
|
Privacy Policy
gateway mail end
