DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.0 Transitional//EN" "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml1/DTD/xhtml1-transitional.dtd"
May 22, 2015
Click here
if you have trouble viewing this email
Memorial Day 2015
Dear Friend,
Having served in the Army for most of my adult life, Memorial Day is always an important time for me. I sincerely appreciate the way our neighbors come together each spring to honor the men and women who gave their lives in defense of our great nation. As we prepare for a weekend of parades, ceremonies, and family gatherings, I wanted to take a few moments to update you on some of the work were doing on behalf of veterans and military personnel and other legislation that benefits our region.
It is fitting that on this Memorial Day I am able to announce the House Committee on Oversight and Government Reform has approved
legislation I authored
to rename the Post Office building at 90 Cornell Street in Kingston in honor of Staff Sergeant Robert H. Dietz, the Medal of Honor recipient who was killed in action during World War II. This is a fitting and permanent reminder of his courage, patriotism, and sacrifice, and I am grateful to my colleagues in the New York delegation for their strong support of our bill.
Staff Sergeant Dietz was killed in action March 29, 1945 at Kirchain, Germany after advancing through intense enemy fire to disconnect bridge demolition charges and neutralize bazooka teams defending the road into town. The 24-year-old soldier, by his intrepidity and valiant effort on his self-imposed mission, single-handedly opened the road for the capture of Kirchain and left with his comrades an inspiring example of gallantry in the face of formidable odds, reads the text of the Medal of Honor citation.
We are also fighting for our Vietnam veterans, especially the Navy sailors who were sickened by exposure to Agent Orange aboard their ships but never compensated appropriately. Our
Blue Water Navy Vietnam Veterans Act
is now cosponsored by 220 Members of Congress, more than half of all Representatives. Senator Kirsten Gillibrand introduced a companion to our bill in the Senate and the Senate Veterans Affairs Committee agreed to take action on this legislation following a hearing that included my written testimony and input from several veterans service organizations. This is outstanding progress, and I want to thank Carol Olszanecki of Ellenville for her continued support and advocacy on this front.
Improving the VA healthcare system remains a top priority of ours. Last week, we heard an update from the VA and Department of Defense on implementation of the 21st Century Healthcare for Heroes Act.
This was legislation I co-authored with Congressman Ami Bera, M.D. of California to modernize and streamline electronic medical records systems to speed the delivery of quality care to military personnel entering civilian life. They are on pace to meet our requirements, which were signed into law in the 2013 defense policy bill, but we will not relent in our efforts to see that veterans receive the care they deserve from both VA and non-VA providers without delay or unnecessary travel.
Finally this week,
I am delighted to share good news
on legislation I authored to combat Lyme disease and related illnesses, the Tick-borne Disease Research Transparency and Accountability Act. The House Energy and Commerce Committee agreed to include these provisions in the 21st Century Cures Act, which expands federal programs designed to speed the development and approval of disease treatments and cures. Both the Senate and the President have indicated they will approve this package of reforms, prioritizing the research we need to update treatment guidelines and better detect and treat Lyme.
Our focus is on service, so please do not hesitate to
contact me
if we can be of assistance with a public policy issue or if youre experiencing difficulty with a federal agency. I also encourage you to stop and visit with me in the days ahead.
Tomorrow, May 23, I will be at the Sergeant Shawn Farrell Memorial Scholarship Fund event in Kingston and the Our Community Salutes military enlistment ceremony in Oneonta. On Sunday, May 24, I will participate in the dedication of the Ulster County Veterans Memorial at the County Office Building in Kingston and the Woodbridge Memorial Day ceremony. And on Monday, the 25th, I will march in Memorial Day parades in Hyde Park, Chatham, and Catskill. The New Paltz parade follows on May 31. For more information on my public schedule, please check the
news section
of my official website.
Thank you for taking time this weekend to honor our fallen servicemen and women. We think of them and we pray for their families throughout the year, but Memorial Day is a wonderful opportunity to come together as a community to express our gratitude to the members of our Armed Forces. Have a great weekend!
Sincerely,
Chris Gibson
Member of Congress
IN THE NEWS
WTEN:
House committee approves Lyme legislation to be added to federal program
Register Star:
Rep. Gibson Memorial Day speaker at Chatham American Legion program
Times Herald-Record:
VIDEO: Congressman Gibson honors WWII hero from Kingston
WAMC:
Congressional Corner With Chris Gibson
Post Star:
Gibson optimistic about 'Blue Water' veteran bill
Real Clear Politics:
Lugar Center Index Ranks Lawmakers on Bipartisanship
Daily Star:
Farmland eyed for new safety facility
Time Warner Cable News :
Hyde Park Hosts Public Forum on Heroin, Opiate Addiction
Daily Mail:
A survivor of all he endured
ON THE HILL
How can we help you?
CONNECT
RSS Feeds
Facebook
Youtube
Twitter
Click Here Click Here