DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.0 Transitional//EN" "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml1/DTD/xhtml1-transitional.dtd"
District Update | June 19, 2015
Click here
if you have trouble viewing this email
Dear friends,
In these dry times, it is imperative to develop common sense, long-term solutions so we are better prepared to weather droughts in the future.
One way to achieve long-term water security is to modernize our water storage. California dams provide a number of economic and societal benefits: recreation, flood control, hydroelectric power, irrigation, and clean drinking water. The Bureau of Reclamation is responsible for maintaining over 400 dams in the western United States.
Maintaining the structural integrity of these dams is an issue of national significance. Approximately 50 percent of Americas dams were built in the early 1900s, with many of them now aged past their life expectancy. These dams need improvements to extend their usefulness; but under current law, the process for repairing water infrastructure is complicated and narrow in scope. For example, the Secretary of the Interior can repair dams in light of new hydrologic or seismic data, but cannot make modifications for normal deterioration.
To fix this outdated way of strengthening our states water infrastructure, I have signed on as an original cosponsor of the Dam Accountability, Maintenance, and Safety (DAMS) Act. This bipartisan legislation amends the process for repairing water infrastructure, and grants the Secretary of the Interior the flexibility to be more proactive when evaluating dam modification needs. The DAMS Act ensures California will be better equipped to combat droughts for years to come. I will continue to work towards expanding our water infrastructure and storage capabilities to ensure a reliable water supply for future generations.
Sincerely,
Ed Royce
News for June 12 - 19, 2015
Rep. Royce Votes to Repeal Medical Device Tax
Yesterday, Rep. Royce voted to pass the bipartisan Protect Medical Innovation
Act
of 2015, which would eliminate the 2.3 percent excise tax imposed on the sale of medical devices that was enacted in 2013 as part of the Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act.
This tax is an unnecessary barrier to the creation of the high tech, high paying jobs that characterize Orange Countys medical device manufacturing sector. The tax also makes lifesaving medical devices more costly for the patients and families who depend on them.
The Medical Devices and Diagnostic Equipment manufacturing sector provides over $21 billion in total economic activity to the Southern California economy while supporting over 102,000 jobs that pay in excess of $7.4 billion in salaries, wages, and benefits. In Orange County alone, it is estimated that 22,531 people worked in the Medical Devices and Diagnostic Equipment sector during 2013, contributing $11 billion of economic activity with an average wage of $106,712 per year.
Rep. Royce Celebrates Flag Day in Anaheim
On June 14, Rep. Royce
attended
the Anaheim Flag Day Parade to honor our nation's flag and thank the men and women who serve our country in uniform.
House Sends Message to Iran on Detained Americans
This week, Rep. Royce, who is Chairman of the House Foreign Affairs Committee, joined his colleagues in sending a message to Tehran
allow the four Americans currently detained or missing in Iran to come home, now.
The House unanimously passed
H. Res. 233 , a bipartisan measure introduced by Rep. Dan Kildee (D-MI), which states that Iran should immediately release the United States citizens it holds and provide all known information on any United States citizens that have disappeared within its borders.
Passage of the resolution follows a recent House Foreign Affairs Committee
hearing
convened by Chairman Royce at which family members of Americans detained or missing in Iran testified.
Upon passage of H. Res. 233, Chairman Royce
said :
The cases of these Americans currently detained by the regime underscores the complete lack of justice
really, the brutal treatment
they have faced in Iran.
And as we approach the deadline for negotiations on a nuclear agreement with Iran, we have to ask
if top Iranian officials cant be counted on to release these wrongfully jailed Americans, how can they be counted on to honor the commitments they make at the negotiating table? I have serious reservations about the direction of our negotiations with Iran.
And this is based in no small part on its treatment of the Americans we are speaking about today. Lets not forget: this is a regime that regularly holds Death to America' rallies.
It kills its own citizens outright, or convicts and imprisons them based on confessions obtained by torture. This is a regime that takes U.S. citizens into captivity, tortures them, and then denies them medical treatment.
And denies them basic legal representation and due process.
Nuclear deal or not, these Americans deserve to be back with their families today.
Watch Royce's remarks
here
CONNECT
Facebook
Youtube
ORANGE COUNTY OFFICE
210 W. Birch Street, Ste 201
Brea, CA 92821
T (714) 255-0101 l (909) 420-0010
LOS ANGELES COUNTY OFFICE
1380 S. Fullerton Road, Suite 205
Rowland Heights, CA 91748
T (626) 964-5123
WASHINGTON, DC OFFICE
2310 Rayburn House Office Building
Washington, DC 20515
T (202) 225-4111
UPDATE SUBSCRIPTION OPTIONS
|
PRIVACY POLICY
|
CONTACT US
Click Here Click Here