DOCTYPE html PUBLIC '-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.0 Transitional//EN' 'http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml1/DTD/xhtml1-transitional.dtd'
Bob Latta's Family Values Watch
JUNE 2015
REPRESENTING OHIO'S 5TH DISTRICT
Share
Congressman Latta's monthly newsletter tracking life and family news from the Nations Capital
[if gte mso 9]>
Normal
0
false
false
false
EN-US
JA
X-NONE
<![endif]
SENATE UNANIMOUSLY APPROVES RELIGIOUS FREEDOM AMENDMENT TO TPA
Senator James Lankford (R-OK) offered a religious freedom amendment to the Trade Promotion Authority (TPA) legislation that was unanimously approved by the Senate.
The amendment would require the United States, when negotiating international trade agreements, to take into account religious freedom violations before entering into possible trade deals with other countries.
As the House prepares to vote for the TPA, I was pleased to see my Senate colleagues express support for religious liberty across the globe.
In the United States, our religious freedoms are a core value and it is important that we recognize this concern with potential trading partners.
I am proud that our nation is able to encourage and foster this basic human right worldwide.
AMERICANS GRAVITATE AWAY FROM PRO-LIFE VALUES
According to a recent Gallup poll, half of Americans consider themselves pro-choice on abortion, which is the first time since 2008 that the pro-choice position has statistically outweighed the pro-life position.
Over the past five years, Americans have been close to evenly divided over abortion rights.
It is important to note that the poll did not define the pro-choice and pro-life terms; however, participants answers to separate questions about the legality of abortion (broad abortion rights vs. limited or no abortion rights) indicate their positions.
Another interesting finding is that the pro-choice view increase has occurred almost equally among men and women. However, overall, women still tend to identify more heavily pro-choice than men.
It is unfortunate that Americans are tending to associate less with a pro-life position.
However, I do find hope that the percentage difference between pro-life and pro-choice was only 6 percent.
If more people become knowledgeable on the awful injustice of ending a human life of those without a voice, I believe we will see results shift and more Americans will become opposed to the egregious act of abortion.
PRO-LIFE PROTECTIONS IN THE CJS APPROPRIATIONS
Earlier this week, the House of Representatives passed H.R. 2578, the Commerce, Justice, Science, and Related Agencies Appropriations Act, 2016, which provides funding in fiscal year 2016 to the Department of Commerce, Department of Justice, science agencies, and several other related agencies.
The bill prioritizes funding for law enforcement, national security, science, and space exploration programs.
H.R. 2578 also makes reductions to several lower-priority programs for a savings of more than $400 million compared to fiscal year 2015, and rescinds $375 million in unused prior year funds.
Furthermore, I was pleased to see provisions that prohibit the use of Department of Justice funds to discriminate against or denigrate the religious or moral beliefs of students participating in department sponsored programs.
Federal funds would also be prohibited to pay for an abortion, except in the case of rape or to preserve the life of the mother, and includes a conscience protection clause that would prohibit funds to require any person to perform or facilitate in any way the performance of an abortion.
As always, I remain committed to protect life and to oppose the use of taxpayer funds to pay for abortion.
IN CASE YOU MISSED IT: HOUSE PASSES BILL TO PROTECT LIFE
On May 13, 2015, the House of Representatives passed H.R. 36, the Pain-Capable Unborn Child Protection Act, with my support.
This legislation would prohibit any person from performing an abortion if the age of the unborn child is 20 weeks or greater, with an exception for instances of rape, incest or when the life of the mother is at stake.
Medical advances in recent decades have provided a greater understanding of the development of unborn children and their capacity to feel pain at various stages of growth.
The legislative findings in H.R. 36 demonstrate that unborn children respond to painful stimuli after 20 weeks.
Additionally, over 60 percent of people surveyed by Quinnipac support a ban on abortion after the first 20 weeks of pregnancy.
A similar bill passed the House last Congress and the Congressional Budget Office conservatively estimated the bill, if enacted, would save 2,750 lives each year.
Please be assured that I will continue to be vigilant in protecting the life of the unborn.
News Releases
June 11, 2015:
Congressman Latta Statement on House Passage of The Permanent Internet Tax Freedom Act
June 4, 2015:
Congressman Latta Statement on EPA Draft Assessment on Hydraulic Fracturing and Potential Impact on Drinking Water Resources
May 21, 2015:
Congressmen Latta, Walz Announce Bipartisan Congressional Propane Caucus
Social Media
Follow Congressman Latta online! He regularly updates his profiles with the latest news and developments from around Ohio and Capitol Hill.
OHIO OFFICES
WASHINGTON DC OFFICE
BOWLING GREEN OFFICE
1045 North Main St, Ste 6
Bowling Green, OH 43402
T (419) 354-8700
DEFIANCE OFFICE
101 Clinton St, Ste 1200
Defiance, OH 43512
T (419) 782-1996
FINDLAY OFFICE
318 Dorney Plaza, Room 302
Findlay, OH 45840
T (419) 422-7791
2448 Rayburn HOB
Washington, DC 20515
Main: 202-225-6405
Unsubscribe
-
Privacy Policy
Click Here Click Here