
Official Site
Constituent Services
News
Contact
U.S. Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell&rsquo;s eNewsletter - - Week of June 1, 2015
Obamacare: Skyrocketing Costs, Broken Promises, Repeated Failures
Report shows Obamacare&rsquo;s multi-billion dollar attack on hospitals in Kentucky is expected to result in a net loss of $1 billion
This week, U.S. Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell spoke on the Senate floor regarding the burdensome costs of Obamacare and the impact on Kentucky families and hospitals.
Senator McConnell said, &ldquo;I speak to you now in the wake of a bombshell revelation from the Administration: that many insurers are now requesting to raise premiums by double-digits across the country.
&ldquo;Numbers for Kentucky, for instance, just came out&hellip;Most of the insurers on the commonwealth&rsquo;s Obamacare exchange are looking to raise premiums. Some of the proposed increases are as high as 25%, and some Kentuckians may now face double-digit premium increases for the second &mdash; or even third &mdash; year in a row. This is more bad Obamacare news for the people I represent.&rdquo;
Senator McConnell has heard from many Kentuckians who have expressed their deep concern of how Obamacare&rsquo;s massive cost burdens affect them, &ldquo;Take the Kentucky small business owner who wrote to say that his plan is now being cancelled thanks to Obamacare...Or take the constituent of mine from Floyd County who recently wrote to say that she can no longer afford her Silver Obamacare plan after the monthly premium spiked by more than 75 percent.&rdquo;
Senator McConnell continued, &ldquo;It&rsquo;s about time the President and his party worked constructively with us to start over on real health reform that can lower costs and increase choice, instead of hurting the Middle Class the way Obamacare does. That&rsquo;s what the American people deserve.&rdquo;
Click the image below to view the Senator&rsquo;s floor remarks.
Click
HERE
to read from the
Associated Press
a story about health insurance companies blaming Obamacare for the higher costs.
McConnell, Paul and Whitfield Press Energy Secretary Moniz on Paducah DOE Site
On Thursday, U.S. Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell, Senator Rand Paul, and Congressman Ed Whitfield met with Department of Energy (DOE) Secretary Ernest Moniz to discuss the immediate and long-term future of the Paducah DOE site. The delegation, on behalf of the community, stressed the importance of DOE's commitment to cleanup and reindustrialization in Paducah in addition to securing a long-term strategy and future for the site. Click
HERE
to read more from WPSD-TV in Paducah, Kentucky.
Click
HERE
for recent action taken by the Kentucky Congressional Delegation on behalf of Paducah.
Welcome to Washington, D.C.
Every week Senator McConnell welcomes to his leadership office in the U.S. Capitol many Kentuckians from across the Commonwealth.
Senator McConnell and Kentucky Cattlemen's Association member, Ryan Miller of Nelson County.
Senator McConnell and Kentucky 4-H students during the national 4-H citizenship and leadership experience program.
Senator McConnell was &ldquo;hoppy&rdquo; to visit with the following small and independent American craft brewers from Kentucky who are also members of the Kentucky Guild of Brewers:
Against The Grain, The Country Boys, and Ethereal Brewing
Senator McConnell spoke with members of the Kentuckians of Home Builders Association and discussed overregulation and issues important to the housing industry.
Senator McConnell welcomed representatives of Paducah &amp; Louisville Railway, R.J. Corman Railroad, and Progressive Railroading to D.C. for the American Short Line and Regional Railroad Association&rsquo;s Railroad Day on Capitol Hill.
If you&rsquo;re planning a trip to Washington, D.C., please check out Senator McConnell's
website
and visit his office while you are in town. Every week, Senator McConnell welcomes to his office in the U.S. Capitol many Kentuckians from across the Commonwealth visiting D.C. to meet with Senator McConnell and discuss issues of importance to Kentucky. Also, the Senator&rsquo;s office has information on tours, places to visit and local restaurants to help make your trip to the nation&rsquo;s capital one to remember.
Last Week Senator McConnell Visited Elizabethtown, Bowling Green, and Mammoth Cave
In Elizabethtown, Kentucky, Senator McConnell spoke with members of the Elizabethtown Rotary Club and leaders in the community at the Historic State Theater Complex.
Following his visit in Hardin County, Senator McConnell spoke with Kentucky media about being the Senate Majority Leader and getting the Senate back to work.
During the Senator&rsquo;s visit to Bowling Green, Kentucky, he joined in studio host, Steve Meredith of WKCT-Radio.
Also in Warren County, Senator McConnell welcomed to his Bowling Green office, WBKO-TV reporter, Michael Gossum.
In Cave City, Kentucky, Senator McConnell met with officials at Mammoth Cave National Park, the
&ldquo;world's longest known cave system.&rdquo;
In the Media
On Tuesday, Senator McConnell and GOP Senators hosted a media stakeout in the U.S. Capitol and gave an update on the Senate&rsquo;s legislative agenda for the week.
On Wednesday, in an op-ed in the
Floyd County Times , Senator McConnell wrote about the importance of trade legislation to Kentucky&rsquo;s economy and job growth. Click
HERE
to read the Senator&rsquo;s opinion piece.
This week, Senator McConnell joined national radio host Hugh Hewitt to discuss Obamacare, the economy, foreign policy, and getting the Senate back to work. Click
HERE
to listen to the interview.
Keeping Up With Senator McConnell
Keep up with the latest news and alerts from our nation&rsquo;s capital as well as updates on things happening in Kentucky by becoming a fan of Senator McConnell&rsquo;s
Facebook
page, and get the latest news from Senator McConnell&rsquo;s Press Office on Twitter at
@McConnellPress
and on Instagram at
@McConnellPress .
For a more behind-the-scenes view of the Senate Majority Leader's office, be sure to follow
@SenateMajLdr
on Twitter and
@SenateMajLdr
on Instagram.
Get this newsletter delivered to your inbox by signing up
HERE
Official Site
|
Privacy Policy
|
Unsubscribe
