
Around the District
Appreciating First Responders
Last Sunday, I was honored to speak at Lancaster Baptist Church for First Responders Appreciation Day. Thank you to Pastor Chappell for giving me the opportunity and to all of the heroes who look out for us every day.
Speaking at First Responders Appreciation Day
Huckleberry Homeschoolers
Earlier this week, I paid a visit to the Huckleberry Center for Creative Learning in Santa Clarita. The students and I had an excellent discussion about how government works and what it means to be a leader.
Discussing government with Huckleberry Homeschoolers
Chamber of Commerce Breakfast
The Simi Valley Chamber of Commerce Legislative Breakfast on Wednesday was a success! Attendees enjoyed a continental breakfast and asked me questions about current hot topics like solutions to Californias drought and the Ukraine crisis.
Talking with residents of Simi Valley
F-35 Cockpit Simulator
The F-35 Lightning II, commonly known as the Joint Strike Fighter program, is incredibly important for our national defense and for job creation in our communitywhich is why I was thrilled to speak about it at FMI in Valencia on Wednesday. I also had a chance to fly the cockpit demonstrator!
Underlining the benefits of the F-35
Friends at the Reagan Forum
The Reagan Forum in Simi Valley is always an excellent event. This year, my friend Majority Leader Kevin McCarthy, was able to join us at the Reagan Library to speak about what we are doing in the House to get our country back on track.
Majority Leader McCarthy speaking at the Reagan Forum
Stamp Out Hunger
Want to take part in a great cause without going past your front yard? You're in luck, because Saturday is the National Association of Letter Carriers Stamp Out Hunger Food Drive! Tomorrow morning just set out some non-perishable food items before your letter carriers normal pick-up time and he or she will make sure it goes to a family in need.
More info here: http://www.nalc.org/community-service/food-drive
Around the Capitol
Water Fight
Currently, several drinking water wells in Santa Clarita are shut down because they are contaminated with potentially harmful chemicals known as Perchlorates, so decontaminating them will provide a huge amount of relief from the drought to the area. On Wednesday, I sent a letter to Lieutenant General Thomas P. Bostick of the Army Corps of Engineers urging him to prioritize cleaning the Eastern Santa Clara River Basin. Check it out
here .
Military Personnel
Last week, the House Armed Services Committee passed the National Defense Authorization Act for 2016, which authorizes the budgets and expenditures for most national defense operations in the upcoming fiscal year. I was proud to support it because it includes several provisions that will help military personnel, which includes:
-Granting a 2.3% Active Duty Pay Raise
-Creating a portable Thrift Savings Plan to provide retirement plan for all members
-Improving collaboration between DoD and VA to better support member transitions
NASA Markup
Last week, the House Science, Space and Technology Committee voted to reauthorize NASA for the upcoming fiscal year. Included in the reauthorization bill was language requiring NASA to continue its STEM education and outreach efforts and maintain the Stratospheric Observatory for Infrared Astronomy (SOFIA), which is located in Palmdale.
Around the Corner
Simi Valley Street Fair
Saturday, May 9, 9am-5pm
3200 Cochran Street, Simi Valley
For more information visit:
http://www.simivalleychamber.org/about-chamber/programs/simi-valley-street-fair
Stamp Out Hunger Food Drive
Saturday, May 9, All day
Where? Your mailbox!
For more information, please visit:
http://www.nalc.org/community-service/food-drive
The Johnsons Smooth Jazz Festival
Saturday, May 9, Gates open at 1pm
43063 10th Street West, Lancaster
For more information visit:
https://www.myticketportal.com/eventperformances.asp?evt=844
Amgen Tour of California Viewing Party
Wednesday, May 13, 7pm12am
BJ's Restaurant and Brewhouse, 24320 Town Center Drive, Valencia
For more information visit:
http://visitsantaclarita.com/things/events-calendar/?mc_id=1150
12th Annual Pride of the Nation Gala
Saturday, May 16, 5-10pm
H.W. Hunter Pavilion - AV Fairgrounds, 2551 W Avenue H, Lancaster
For more information visit:
http://www.prideofthenation.org/
Small Business Seminar and Resource Expo
Tuesday, May 19, 9am-2:30pm (check-in at 8:30 a.m.)
Lancaster City Council Chambers,44933 N. Fern Avenue, Lancaster
To register visit:
http://www.boe.ca.gov/cgi-bin/seminar.cgi?FLAG=355
Simi Valley Senior Center 2015 Wellness Expo
Wednesday, May 20, 8am-12pm
Simi Valley Senior Center, 3900 Avenida Simi, Simi Valley
For more information visit:
http://www.simivalley.org/index.aspx?page=14&amp;recordid=4659
WEBSITE
|
UNSUBSCRIBE
|
CONTACT
Click Here Click Here