
May 21, 2015
Friends,
The mangled, twisted wreckage in Philadelphia is a searing indictment of America&rsquo;s failure to invest in rail safety and reliability. Even as our thoughts and prayers go out to all those affected &mdash; and our praise to the first responders &mdash; we must commit to action that will stop this cascading series of rail catastrophes. The simple fact is that the Philadelphia tragedy was preventable, and others are predictable if Congress fails to invest in rail infrastructure.
The NTSB has determined that speed was a primary factor in this derailment. This train was traveling far too fast &mdash; as rapidly as 106 m.p.h. in a 50 m.p.h. zone. Technology like Positive Train Control (PTC), which prevents trains from speeding, would have slowed and saved it.
Positive Train Control was first recommended by the NTSB in 1970, and was mandated by Congress in 2008 to be fully implemented by the end of this year. In Philadelphia, eight people would be alive and more than 200 people safe at home, uninjured, with PTC at work. The expense of PTC to Amtrak is about $150 million, while the cost to the Northeast regional economy of shutting down Amtrak is $100 million per day &mdash; and the cost in lives is immeasurable. We can no longer patch with makeshift fixes and pray for the best.
A few weeks ago, Senator Chuck Schumer and I introduced a bill that would require the swift installation of this critical technology in trains across the nation. Our bill also requires better inspection practices, improved safety at rail grade crossings, and increased safety regulations in work zones to protect rail employees. Ultimately, installing PTC technology would prevent future collisions or derailments caused by excessive speed.
Click here to read more about our legislation
All too often, our trains and rail technology have been left behind &mdash; upgrades have been delayed, and delayed again. PTC is one life-saving technology, but it&rsquo;s not enough. The causes of the horrendous derailment and collision in Bridgeport in 2013 were the defective track, cracking joints, decaying ballast, and deficient maintenance &mdash; ultimately, all failures to invest. Investment requires addressing these issues,
which is why Senator Schumer and I have gone further in proposing a four point plan that would not only require the installation of PTC nationwide, it would provide more resources for safety upgrades at rail crossings, require the implementation of technology to better inspect tracks and enforce speed or safety violations, and it would call on Congress to increase infrastructure spending.
Read about our four point plan here
Regulatory capture and bureaucratic run-around are far too often the reasons for delays related to railroad improvements, and they were assuredly the reasons for delays in PTC installation. It is critical now that the Federal Railroad Administration and National Transportation Safety Board complete a swift and thorough investigation so we can know all of the causes that lead to this calamitous event. These federal watchdog agencies must work with Congress to ensure that we make swift and significant investments, and prioritize our country&rsquo;s rail network. Crashes and derailments leading to mayhem and death have become far too common, contributing to an alarming spike in railroad-related deaths this last year, and loss of public trust and confidence.
I will continue this fight in the Senate.
Thank you,
Senator Richard Blumenthal
Please click here to unsubscribe.
