
Babin Bulletin | June 21, 2015
Click here
if you have trouble viewing this email
Babin Introduces the No Office Space
for Executive Amnesty Act
This week I introduced the
No Office Space for Executive Amnesty Act
(H.R. 2801) to prohibit the Obama Administration from leasing a new $7.8 million, 11-story building near Washington, DC, thats being planned to house thousands of new government employees hired to process the Presidents illegal executive actions on immigration.
President Obamas decision to grant amnesty through unilateral executive action makes a mockery of our laws and it must be stopped on all levels.
As we await further action by the federal courts, this legislation will ensure taxpayer funds can no longer be wasted on renting expensive office space for government bureaucrats to carry out the Presidents illegal executive amnesty actions.
This further protects your tax dollars while advancing our fight to stop the Presidents amnesty and restore the rule of law.
Democrats Planning Government Shutdown to Extract More Spending
First on Their Chopping Block
is Pay Raise for Our Troops
The House has been working hard to ensure the government is funded in a timely manner that puts us on a path to a balanced budget.
Unfortunately, House and Senate Democrats are willing to obstruct this process in order to extract more spending for bloated and runaway government agencies like the IRS and the EPA .
Theyve even said they will block a pay raise for our troops unless they get their way.
Balancing our budget and paying down the debt will require that we make hard choices and set spending priorities over what we can and cannot afford. I believe in placing a higher priority on pay for those defending our nation.
It is my hope Senate Democrats will abandon this harmful strategy and join us in fighting for fiscal sanity.
Babin Co-sponsors the
Tax Free Health Insurance Act
With the Supreme Courts decision in King v. Burwell expected soon, we have an opportunity to restore health care freedom and get the federal government out of health care decisions.
We dont need to fix Obamacare
we need to kill it and restore liberty and individual responsibility.
Thats why I voted to repeal Obamacare earlier this year, and thats why I joined fellow conservatives to
co-sponsor the Tax Free Health Insurance Act this week.
This legislation makes every health insurance policy fully tax deductible, ensuring that all Americans can deduct their health insurance premiums.
This increases competition among health insurance companies, and would bring the cost of healthcare premiums down to include more coverage choices for the consumer. It would also place more money in the pockets of American consumers.
House Votes to
Strengthen Medicare
This week the House passed with my support a series of bills that improve and strengthen Medicare for the millions of seniors who rely on it. The bills include H.R. 2505, the Medicare Advantage Coverage Transparency Act of 2015; H.R. 2507, the Increasing Regulatory Fairness Act of 2015; H.R. 2582, the Seniors Health Care Plan Protection Act of 2015; and H.R. 2570, the Strengthening Medicare Advantage through Innovation and Transparency for Seniors Act of 2015.
These bipartisan bills will improve enrollment data, increase transparency, provide stakeholders more time for input, and allow seniors to choose and keep the plans that fit their needs.
I was proud to support these important efforts and I remain committed to making sure that seniors have access to affordable Medicare Advantage plans.
And, this coming week will vote to repeal Obamacares health care restricting organization - Independent Payment Advisory Board (IPAB) - and protect health care benefits for all Americans.
Happy
Father's Day!
I'd like to wish a very Happy Father's Day to all of the dads out there. We are truly grateful for everything you do to provide for and care for your families. Hope you have a great day surrounded by family and loved ones.
Snap-shots
from the Week
Enjoyed welcoming Hope Hardin of Deweyville and Andrew Harmon of Colmesneil to Washington, DC, as part of the Texas Electric Cooperatives Government-in-Action Youth Tour. Great to see such talent and hard work being recognized from back home!
We held two constituent service meetings this past week in Polk County at the Alabama Coushatta Reservation and at the Onalaska City Hall. Our staff assisted residents with Medicare, Social Security, veterans benefits, and other issues with federal agencies. We will be holding constituent service days across the district, so please stay tuned for future updates.
Forward to a Friend
|
Share on Facebook
|
Share on Twitter
UPDATE SUBSCRIPTION OPTIONS
|
PRIVACY POLICY
|
CONTACT US
Click Here Click Here