
[if (gte mso 9)]>
<![endif]
Rep. Bob Goodlatte
USA Freedom Act Signed
into Law
In drafting the Constitution and the Bill of Rights, our Founders sought to maintain a careful balance
between preserving civil liberties and protecting our citizens from enemy threats. However, two years ago, the disclosure of the National Security
Agency&rsquo;s bulk data collection program revealed federal actions that had gone too far, threatening Americans&rsquo; civil liberties and privacy.
It was clear that this bulk collection program must end. The American
people demanded as much, and many in Congress agreed. But a few of us did much more, working to build a coalition to achieve that goal. As Chairman of
the House Judiciary Committee, I consulted at length with various privacy and technology groups and the intelligence community, held numerous hearings
on surveillance reform, and, as a result, we drafted the
USA Freedom Act . This carefully crafted compromise has the support of the President,
the Attorney General, the intelligence community, the technology industry, privacy groups, and most importantly, the American people. Several weeks
ago, the U.S. House of Representatives approved this legislation by a vote of 338-88. Ultimately, after continued delay, the Senate passed the
USA
Freedom Act
on June 2nd, and it was signed into law on the same day.
The bottom line is that the
USA Freedom Act
protects
Americans&rsquo; civil liberties and enhances our national security. In addition to ending the bulk collection of data by the federal government, the
USA Freedom Act
increases the transparency of the government&rsquo;s intelligence-gathering programs by making more information available to
the American public. It requires the declassification of all significant court opinions, mandates the Attorney General and the Director of National
Intelligence provide the public with detailed information about how they use national security authorities, and provides technology companies with a
range of options for describing how they respond to national security orders. While this new law preserves key intelligence-gathering authorities, it
replaces the NSA&rsquo;s current, unlawful program with a new, targeted call detail records program. There are strong civil liberties protections
under this program by requiring the court to approve the government&rsquo;s request for information.
The
USA Freedom Act
proves once again that we can protect both Americans&rsquo; civil liberties and our
national security without compromising either one.
It is only fitting that it is now the law of the land. We must also let this serve as a
reminder that our civil liberties must be fiercely protected &ndash; after all, they are what define the very fabric of our nation.
Click here to read
my full weekly column.
Photos of
the Week
Top
left to right:
1) It was an honor to be presented with the Army seal by
Lieutenant General Darpino and Major Bahdi; 2) Enjoyed meeting with
representatives from
the Farm Credit of the Virginias; 3) Thanks to the
Virginia Trucking Association for stopping by!
New
Information on ICE Releases
-
Washington Times : 3,700 illegal immigrant
&lsquo;Threat Level 1&rsquo; criminals released into U.S. by DHS
-
Click here to read more
about the U.S. Immigration and Customs
Enforcement&rsquo;s release of thousands of criminal aliens last year. Are you on
Instagram?
Follow me
@BobGoodlatte for photos throughout the week of my
meetings and travels around the Sixth District.
# # #
www.Goodlatte.House.Gov
This message was
generated from an unattended mailbox.
Should you have further questions, please visit the &quot; Contact Bob &quot;
section of my website or call my office at (202) 225-5431.
This message was intended for:
dj724530@gmail.com
You were added to the system November 2, 2013.
For more information
click here .
Update your preferences
Unsubscribe
|
Unsubscribe via email
