
Recent Flooding Damage
On Friday, I was in Wharton and El Campo to see firsthand the damage caused by the latest flooding.
We are in
hurricane season
and although we have weathered many storms in years past, I want to urge everyone to be cautious. Having just gone through the wettest month on record, our area is especially vulnerable right now. Many roads are too dangerous to travel on during times of flooding. Please follow all precautions and advisories broadcast by the National Weather Service, the state of Texas, and local law enforcement personnel, and adhere to road closure signs.
After the storm has passed, those suffering major damage may be eligible for individual and household assistance through FEMA. There are three ways you can register for disaster assistance, which can include home repair and, in some instances, home replacement.
In case you missed it last week,
I have posted
more information on my website,
http://farenthold.house.gov/ ,on what to do in case of
flooding
and/or a
hurricane , including local contact emergency phone numbers, and how to apply for assistance.
Luling Watermelon Thump
Photo courtesy of Texas Connection Tourism
Only a few more days until the Luling Watermelon Thump! What began in 1954, thanks to a great idea from a local high school principal, is now one of the best festivals in Texas. Between Thursday and Sunday, several bands will headline on the main stage, and, of course, dont forget the 5K fun run/walk and the 53 rd
annual golf tournament. This event is not only a great way to have four days of down-home Texas fun, its also a great way to honor our farmers and growers. Im looking forward to riding in the parade on Saturday. Come on out and say hi! I hope to see you there! For more information on the thump visit
http://www.watermelonthump.com/ . Look for me in the parade Sunday morning.
House Passes Medical Device Tax Repeal
Last week, I co-sponsored and voted for H.R. 160, the Protect Medical Innovation Act of 2015. This bill would repeal the medical device tax championed by President Obama that is costing thousands of jobs in a sector that should be encouraged to grow, not discouraged. The excise tax took effect Jan. 1, 2013, and applies to the sale of any medical device, such as hip implants and pacemakers, by a manufacturer, producer, or importer. This tax has already cost thousands of American jobs in an industry that needs more innovation, not less. We need to create good-paying jobs, not destroy them.
SPEAK FREE Act Update
This week, I am working to bring my
SPEAK FREE Act
for a hearing in Congress. The bill takes on SLAPPs (Strategic Lawsuits Against Public Participation), which are frivolous lawsuits used against those who post truthful reviews and comments online. When you speak your mind, whether online, in print, or in person, you shouldnt have to fear someone suing you to shut you up. Too many Americans are being censored by costly legal battles over their honest opinions. My bill will create a backstop against these frivolous SLAPP suits to make sure that all Americans, regardless of who they are and how much money they have, can enjoy their right to free speech.
Hello Kitty Airplane Comes to Texas
On Friday, I Joined state and local officials (and Hello Kitty and her friends) in Houston to welcome EVA Airs Hello Kitty Boeing 777-300ER to George Bush Intercontinental Airport. EVA is now offering nonstop service between Houston and Taiwan Taoyuan International Airport. Taiwan and Texas have a strong trade relationship. Formosa Plastics, a Taiwanese company, has over 1,800 employees and contractors at its 1,600 acre facility in Point Comfort.
As someone who travels a lot between Washington and Texas, a Hello Kitty themed plane, inside and out was way out of the box to see.
I have posted some more pictures of the plane on my facebook page.
This is an epic
# fail
by OPM. It is time for the director to be held accountable and resign her post.
http://www.navytimes.com/story/military/2015/06/17/sf-86-security-clearance-breach-troops-affected-opm/28866125/
19 June 2015
Crazy view of Tropical Storm Bill from Astronaut
@ StationCDRKelly
who is spending a year on the
@ Space_Station .
17 June 2015
Secretary Clinton said she turned over all her emails, yet the Benghazi Ctm just received new unreleased ones
http://www.politico.com/story/2015/06/hillary-clinton-libya-emails-withheld-benghazi-committee-119037.html
16 June 2015
5:50am departure back to Texas. Yesterday's glitch was cancelled.
Beautiful evening in DC
Is the pot of gold at the end of this rainbow a free upgrade on my IAH to DCA segment or perhaps my flights will be on time for a change?
CONNECT
LATEST NEWS
Delegation flies to D.C.
Rockport Pilot
Obama derailed on trade bill
Arkansas Online
Congressional split on overhauling FTC merger challenges
Reuters
TPA Support Slid Among Tea Party, Conservative Voters Heading into House Showdown
Morning Consult
EXPECTED VOTES THIS WEEK
H.R. 805
- DOTCOM Act of 2015
H.R. 2576
- TSCA Modernization Act of 2015
H.R. 893
- Boys Town Centennial Commemorative Coin Act
H.R. 1698
- Bullion and Collectible Coin Production Efficiency and Cost Savings Act
H.R. 2620
- To amend the United States Cotton Futures Act to exclude certain cotton futures contracts from coverage under such Act.
H.R. 1633
- DHS Paid Administrative Leave Accountability Act of 2015
H.R. 1615
- DHS FOIA Efficiency Act of 2015
H.R. 1640
- Department of Homeland Security Headquarters Consolidation Accountability Act of 2015
H.R. 1626
- DHS IT Duplication Reduction Act of 2015
H.R. 2390
- Homeland Security University-based Centers Review Act
H.R. 1637
- Federally Funded Research and Development Sunshine Act of 2015
H.R. 2200
- CBRN Intelligence and Information Sharing Act of 2015
H.R. 1646
Homeland Security Drone Assessment and Analysis Act
Concur in the Senate Amendment to
H.R. 615
- Department of Homeland Security Interoperable Communications
Complete Consideration of
H.R. 1190
- Protecting Seniors' Access to Medicare Act of 2015
H.R. 2042
- Ratepayer Protection Act of 2015
H.R. 2822
- Department of Interior, Environment, and Related Agencies Appropriations Act of 2016
SNAPSHOTS
6/19 - In Matagorda County, thankfully there wasn't too much damage to private residences and businesses due to Tropical Storm Bill but the recent flooding did cause significant damage to roads and public infrastructure. Local officials will be requesting a Disaster Declaration from Governor Abbott.
6/19 - Thanks to the Boy Scout Varsity Team 960 and Venture Crew 1959, public benches are now installed at the Port Corpus Christi Public Fishing Area along the Nueces River. Luis Buentello from my office went to help out and to thank this great crew for their work.
6/19 - Paintings by Ted Ellis were featured in the Russell Rotunda last week to honor the 150 anniversary of Juneteenth. Juneteenth originated in 1865 to commemorate the emancipation of slavery and promote African American achievement.
6/19 - Congratulations to the new Board of Directors at the Portland Chamber of Commerce. Louis Buentello from my office presented certificates to those who were honored at the event last week.
WEBSITE
|
UNSUBSCRIBE
|
CONTACT
Click Here Click Here