
E-news Sign-up
Sunday May 17, 2015
CONTACT STEVEN
Protectors and Defenders
Honoring the Lives of Benjamin Deen and Liquori Tate
This week my colleagues stood alongside me on the House floor as I led a moment of silence honoring the lives of Officer Benjamin Deen and Officer Liquori Tate.
The City of Hattiesburg and the great State of Mississippi have suffered the loss of two of our own, two family members, protectors and defenders of our Constitution and laws.
I will continue to keep the families of these two men and the Hattiesburg Police Department in my prayers.
Their lives and sacrifice will never be forgotten.
National Defense Authorization Act
This week the house passed the FY16 National Defense Authorization Act that will continue to fund our military and provide for the common defense.
Ensuring our men and women in uniform have the tools and resources they need has remained my top priority.
Our servicemen and women are the best in the world at what they do. The NDAA bill ensures these soldiers, sailors, airmen, and Marines have the tools they need to perform the missions we ask of them and most importantly, return home safely to their families.
This bill also continues to support the defense industries and military communities of Mississippi. Through an amendment I offered, which passed on the House floor, I was able to secure language in this NDAA that delays the transfer of National Guard Apache Helicopters which the army is currently trying to remove from our citizen soldiers.
Whether its our National Guard assets, Keeslers C-130s, or the ships built by Ingalls, I will always fight to ensure South Mississippi leads the nation in support of our troops and their families.
Right to Life
This week I voted in support of the Pain-Capable Unborn Child Act that passed in the House. Under our bill, the termination of pregnancies after 5 months will be unlawful nationwide.
With three beautiful children of my own, I believe that every child has the right to life. I stand strongly committed to protecting the sanctity of life both in South Mississippi and around the country.
As always, if we can be of any assistance please call or visit my office. For more updates I encourage you to connect with me on
facebook ,
t witter , or by visiting my
website .
I'm also now on
instagram
and invite you to follow my updates and posts from there as well!
In Your Service,
Steven M. Palazzo
NOTE: Please DO NOT respond to this email as this inbox is unattended. To contact my office please
click here
UNSUBSCRIBE
|
PRIVACY POLICY
|
CONTACT US
Click Here Click Here