
If you are having trouble viewing
this message or would like to share it on a social network, you can
view the message
online .
May 31, 2015
Website
|
About Me
|
Contact Me
|
Serving You
|
Media Center
|
Legislative Work
|
Our District
|
Resources
PEARCE STATEMENT ON FINALIZED WOTUS
BILL
U.S. Rep. Steve Pearce issued the following statement
after the Environmental Protection Agency (EPA) published its finalized
Waters of the United States (WOTUS) rule.
The so-called
Waters of the U.S. rule is the latest power grab by the federal
government to take away more local decision-making over water management,
stated Pearce.
The final WOTUS rule released today spans
297 pages.
By definition, like the proposed version, this new
rule threatens the livelihoods of farmers, ranchers, small business
owners, counties and local governments, who are already overregulated by
the federal government.
On May 12, a bipartisan majority in the
House passed the Regulatory Integrity Protection Act (H.R. 1732) that
would block the WOTUS rule.
While I will review the effect of
this new, burdensome stack of federal regulations, I will continue to
push back against any and all threats to private property rights and
urge the Senate to take action to do the
same.
APPEALS COURTS KEEP BLOCK OF OBAMA IMMIGRATION
PLAN
The Fifth Circuit Court ruled that the preliminary
injunction against the Presidents executive order to legalize millions of
illegal immigrants will stand. This blocks the Presidents order from
taking effect. While the Court must still issue a ruling on the
constitutionality of the order, this is a major victory for the 26 states
who sued, and for the rule of law. Under the Constitution, Congress, not
the president, makes law on immigration and naturalization. The
president has admitted more than 20 times that he cannot do what he has
done with his order. Congressman Pearce said, No one is above the law --
not even the president. Neither I nor the American people favor
amnesty.
You can read the full article by clicking
here.
CELEBRATIONS AT
ISLETA PUEBLO
Over the weekend, Congressman Pearce joined
Isleta Pueblo in celebrating the grand opening of their new Elder Center
and Assisted Living and Memory Care Facility. It was a fun filled day
and both the Isleta Head Start and the Isleta Elementary School gave
terrific dance
performances!
CONGRESSMAN STEVE PEARCE TELLS BELARUS LEADERS
BELIEF IN GOD WAS CENTRAL
TO U.S. FOUNDING FATHERS
It was unprecedented -
Congressman Steve Pearce became the first U.S. Congressman to address
the Belarusian Parliament and he talked about a subject that would have
been forbidden in this former Communist country only a few short
years ago - the Holy Bible and its role in the founding of the United
States.
In a speech before Belarusian national leaders on
Thursday, U.S. Congressman Pearce, 2nd D, New Mexico, talked about how
biblical concepts of truth, honesty, fairness, trust and hope - the
underpinnings of the U.S. Constitution - can benefit the country that was
once a part of the Soviet Union.
A high-ranking Parliament
member of the Presidential Republic was receptive to Congressman Pearce
and the two had a formal one hour meeting before his
speech.
Congressman Pearce's address was among a number of events planned
for this week's trip that was arranged at the invitation of Belarusian
President Alexander Lukashenko who is examining ways to broaden the use
of the Bible in the nation's culture.
Ralph Drollinger,
President and Founder of Capitol Ministries is leading a team in Belarus
through a partnership with Russian-born Mikhail Morgulis, writer,
theologian and President of the ministry, Spiritual Diplomacy. Morgulis
was asked by President Lukashenko to spearhead the Bible-infusion
exploration. Among other efforts, the Capitol Ministries team is working to
establish a discipleship Bible-teaching Bible study for national
leaders.
Congressman Pearce is a leading Congressional Sponsor
of Capitol Ministries in Washington DC.
After the
Congressman's speech, four leading Belarusian pastors said they plan to hand
deliver printed copies of the speech to individual Parliament members
and invite them to attend an off campus Bible study they will be
teaching.
Danielle Drollinger represented the Washington DC's
Museum of The Bible in a meeting with the Belarusian minister of Public
Education. She presented The Museum of the Bible's Public School
Curriculum, "The Bible As Literature," a three year textbook series that
integrates more than 400 iPad apps. The education officials were very
receptive and said they will present the material to their decision making
body.
On Saturday night, former Christian NBA players will
compete with the Belarusian National Team on nationwide TV, and
during the half-time show, will talk about their personal Christian
testimonies and present the Gospel message to the nation.
A news
team from The Christian Broadcasting Network traveled with the Capitol
Ministries contingent and will be creating a television program on the
trip and the outreach efforts. When it is completed, a link to the
program will be found on the Capitol Ministries
Website.
Ralph Drollinger has asked that partners and supporters continue to pray
for the trip and for the success of the ministry partnerships in
Belarus.
HELP OUR OFFICE WELCOME BACK
JOE MARTINEZ!
Its great to have Joe Martinez, our
Las Cruces Field Representative, back in the office. Joe will also be
resuming his regular mobile office hours, starting this Tuesday, June
2.
You can meet with him at the following times and
locations:
Alamogordo: 1st and 3rd Tuesdays of the Month?1:30 to 4
pm?1101 New York Avenue, Room 115?Alamogordo, NM 88310?Phone:
855-4-PEARCE (732723)
Silver City: 2nd Tuesday of the Month?1 to
3:30 pm?Silver City/Grant County Chamber of Commerce?Watts Hall?Corner
of Hwy 180 &amp; Swan Street?Silver City, NM 88061?Phone: 855-4-PEARCE
(732723)
CHECK OUT CONGRESSIONAL
REVIEW WITH CONGRESSMAN STEVE PEARCE
Have you
heard "Congressional Review" this week? Every weekend, I'm on the radio
across New Mexico discussing important legislation, events in New
Mexico, and my work in Congress. Be sure to tune in! If you haven't heard
the show, call your local radio station to ask when Congressional
Review is on the air in your hometown!
To listen to this week's
Congressional Review, click
here.
Remember, I always look forward to hearing your thoughts on how to
help job growth, veterans, and other issues important to New
Mexicans.
If you have any ideas, suggestions, or concerns, you can contact
my office through
Facebook ,
Twitter ,
my website
or by
calling 855-4-PEARCE.
Washington, DC
2432 Rayburn
House Office Building |
Washington, DC 20515
Phone: 855-4-PEARCE
(732723) or (202) 225-2365
Las
Cruces
570 N Telshor Blvd
Las Cruces, NM
88011
Phone: 855-4-PEARCE (732723)
Roswell
1717 W 2nd
Street, Suite 100
Roswell, NM 88201
Phone: 855-4-PEARCE
(732723)
Socorro
111 School of Mines Road
Socorro, NM
87801
Phone: 855-4-PEARCE (732723)
Alamogordo
1101 New York Avenue, Room 115
Alamogordo, NM
88310
Phone: 855-4-PEARCE (732723)
Hobbs
200 East Broadway,
Suite 200
Hobbs, NM 88240
Phone: 855-4-PEARCE
(732723)
Los Lunas
3445 Lambros Loop NE
Los Lunas, NM
87031
Phone: 855-4-PEARCE (732723)
Update My Profile
-
Unsubscribe
-
Privacy Policy
