 Mail
begin
If you are having trouble viewing this message or would
like to share it on a social network, you can
view the message online .
May 15, 2015
Unsubscribe
Update
My Profile
Website
|
About Doug
|
Constituent
Services
|
Issues &amp; Legislation
|
News
|
Contact Doug
Climatologist Denies
Connection Between Emissions and Extreme
Weather
5/15/15
This week in the House Natural Resources Committee, Congressman
Doug Lamborn engaged in a fascinating dialogue with Mr. John
Christy Professor of Atmospheric Science and State Climatologist National
Space Science and Technology Center, University of Alabama. During
their exchange, Professor Christy categorized the impact that a single
project (such as a coal-fired power plant) would have on the climate of
the planet would be, "like spitting in the ocean." The professor also
pointed out that real world atmospheric climate data collected by
balloons and satellites over the last three decades has not matched up with
the predictions laid out by the last three decades of climate
modelling.
"We
must always strive to be good stewards of our environment. However, we
must not cripple our economy and potential for growth and development
with hugely expensive costs based on assertions that are being
disputed and questioned within the scientific community. I commend Professor
Christy for his courage in speaking up on this very important
issue."
- Congressman Doug Lamborn
(CO-05)
Please click
HERE
to watch the
dialogue
Text of Professor Christy's
Testimony
I am John R. Christy, Distinguished Professor of
Atmospheric Science, Alabamas State Climatologist and Director of the
Earth System Science Center at The University of Alabama in
Huntsville. I have served as a Lead Author, Contributing Author and Reviewer of
United Nations IPCC assessments, have been awarded NASAs Medal for
Exceptional Scientific Achievement, and in 2002 was elected a Fellow of
the American Meteorological Society.
It is a privilege for me to offer my analysis of the impact
that proposed regulations might have on the climate system. My research
area might be best described as building datasets from scratch to
advance our understanding of what the climate is doing and why. I have
used traditional surface observations as well as measurements from
balloons and satellites to document the climate story. Many of our UAH
datasets are used to test hypotheses of climate variability and
change.
Impact of Single (or many)
Federal Projects on Climate
The
basic question under consideration here is to understand whether there is
a causal relationship between the carbon emissions generated by a
single proposed federal project and possible climate change related to
those emissions. It is obvious that the emissions generated by a single
project would be vanishingly small in comparison to the current
emissions of the global economy or even of the United States as a whole.
Because of the minuscule nature of the relative size of its emissions, the
impact of a single project on the global climate system would be
imperceptible.
To demonstrate any
impact at all on the climate system, we must scale up the size of the
emission changes to a much larger value than that of a single project.
By doing so, our tools would then be able to provide some results.
Let us assume, for example, that the total emissions from the United
States are reduced to zero, today, 13 May 2015. In other words as of
today and going forward, there would be no industry, no cars, no
utilities, no people
i.e. the United States would cease to exist as of this
day. With this we shall attempt to answer the question posed by the
NEPA statement which is, essentially, what is the climate change through
GHG emissions.
[Note: There
seems to be some confusion here. The NEPA statement appears to call
for the calculation of the amount of climate change brought about by the
emission levels proposed for each project. However, the CEQ guidance
states, the potential effects of a proposed action on climate change
as indicated by its GHG emissions. The CEQ guidance, in effect,
claims that any GHG emissions in some sense relate to all of the alleged
consequences of extra GHGs. Thus, the guidance apparently seeks to claim
emissions are a direct proxy for negative impacts of climate change
(which as shown below has not been established) while skipping any
calculation of that effect from the individual projects. Then,
inconceivably, the guidance does not even consider the inarguably positive
consequences of increases in GHG emissions which are quantifiable as well:
(1) the enhancement of the length and quality of human life through
affordable energy, and (2) the invigoration of the biosphere
(specifically plant material used for human food).]
Using the U.N. IPCC impact tool known as Model for the
Assessment of Greenhouse-gas Induced Climate Change or MAGICC, graduate
student Rob Junod and I reduced the projected growth in total global
emissions by U.S. emission contribution starting on this date and
continuing on. We also used the value of the equilibrium climate sensitivity
as determined from empirical techniques of 1.8 C. After 50 years, the
impact as determined by these model calculations would be only 0.05 to
0.08 C
an amount less than that which the global temperature
fluctuates from month to month. [These calculations used emission scenarios
A1B-AIM and AIF-MI with U.S. emissions comprising 14 percent to 17
percent of the 2015 global emissions. There is evidence that the climate
sensitivity is less than 1.8 C, which would further lower these
projections.]
Because changes in
the emissions of our entire country would have such a tiny calculated
impact on global climate, it is obvious that single projects, or even
entire sectors of the economy would produce imperceptible impacts. In
other words, there would be no evidence in the future to demonstrate
that a particular climate impact was induced by the proposed
regulations. Thus, the regulations will have no meaningful or useful consequence
on the physical climate system
even if one believes climate models
are useful tools for prediction.
How well do we understand the
climate?
It is important to understand that projections of the
future climate and the specific link that increasing CO2 might have on the
climate are properly defined as scientific hypotheses or claims, not
proof of such links. The projections being utilized for this and other
policies are based on the output of climate model simulations. These
models are complex computer programs which attempt to describe through
mathematical equations as many factors that affect the climate as is
possible and thus estimate how the climate might change in the future.
The equations for many of the important processes are not exact, but
represent the best approximations modelers can devise at this
point.
A fundamental aspect of the
scientific method is that if we say we understand a system (such as the
climate system) then we should be able to predict its behavior. If we
are unable to make accurate predictions, then at least some of the
factors in the system are not well defined or perhaps even missing. [Note,
however, that merely replicating the behavior of the system (i.e.
reproducing what the climate does) does not guarantee that the
fundamental physics are well-known. In other words, it is possible to obtain
the right answer for the wrong reasons, i.e. getting the what of
climate right but missing the why.]
Do we understand how greenhouse gases affect the climate, i.e. the
link between emissions and climate effects? A very basic metric for
climate studies is the temperature of the bulk atmospheric layer known
as the troposphere, roughly from the surface to 50,000 ft altitude.
This is the layer that, according to models, should warm significantly as
CO2 increases. And, this CO2-caused warming should be easily
detectible by now, according to models. This provides a good test of how well
we understand the climate system because since 1979 we have had two
independent means of monitoring this layer
satellites from above and
balloons with thermometers released from the
surface.
I was able to access 102 CMIP-5 rcp4.5
(representative concentration pathways) climate model simulations of the
atmospheric temperatures for the tropospheric layer and generate bulk
temperatures from the models for an apples-to-apples comparison with the
observations from satellites and balloons. These models were developed
in institutions throughout the world and used in the IPCC AR5
Scientific Assessment (2013).
The
information in this figure provides clear evidence that the models have a
strong tendency to over-warm the atmosphere relative to actual
observations. On average the models warm the global atmosphere at a rate three
times that of the real world. Using the scientific method we would
conclude that the models do not accurately represent at least some of
the important processes that impact the climate because they were unable
to predict what has occurred. In other words, these models failed
at the simple test of telling us what has already happened, and thus
would not be in a position to give us a confident answer to what may
happen in the future and why. As such, they would be of highly
questionable value in determining policy that should depend on a very
confident understanding of how the climate system
works.
There is a related climate metric that also
utilizes atmospheric temperature which in models has an even larger
response than that of the global average shown above. This metric, then,
provides a stronger test for understanding how well models perform
regarding greenhouse gases specifically. In the models, the tropical
atmosphere warms dramatically in response to the added greenhouse gases
more so than that of the global average atmospheric
temperature.
In the tropical comparison here, the
disparity between models and observations is even greater, with models
on average warming this atmospheric region by a factor of four times
greater than in reality. Such a result re-enforces the implication
above that the models have much improvement to undergo before we may have
confidence they will provide information about what the climate may
do in the future or even why the climate varies as it does. For the
issue at hand, estimates of how the global temperature might be affected
by emission reductions from the halting of projects would be over done
and not reliable. As such greenhouse gas emissions cannot be used as
a proxy for alleged climate change because our capability to
demonstrate how greenhouse gases influence the already-observed climate is so
poor.
Alleged impacts of
human-induced climate changes outlined in the CEQ
Guidance
As stated in the bracketed paragraph earlier,
the CEQ guidance attempts to equate any GHG emissions with all alleged
impacts of these emissions, which as mentioned earlier is apparently
not consistent with NEPA. In other words, CO2 is assumed to be a direct
proxy for alleged climate change due to human activities. However,
these claimed impacts are not even consistently backed up by
observational evidence: from the CEQ, observed to date and projected to occur in
the future include more frequent and intense heat waves, more severe
wildfires, degraded air quality, more heavy downpours and flooding,
increased drought, greater sea-level rise, more intense storms, harm to
water resources, harm to agriculture, and harm to wildlife and
ecosystems. (Section II.B pp 6- 8.)
A simple examination of several of these alleged observed to date
changes in the climate indicates the CEQ has evidently disregarded the
actual observational record. I shall offer several examples which
indicate these claims are misrepresentative.
In terms of heat waves, below is the number of 100 F days
observed in the U.S. from a controlled set of weather stations. It is
not only clear that hot days have not increased, but it is interesting
that in the most recent years there has been a relative dearth of
them.
Forest and wild fires are
documented for the US. The evidence below indicates there has not been
any change in frequency of wildfires. The two figures above demonstrate
that fire events have not increased in frequency in the United States
during the past several decades.
The claims that droughts and floods are increasing may be examined
by the observational record as well.
The two figures above demonstrate that moisture conditions
have not shown a tendency to have decreased (more drought) or increased
(more large-scale wetness). Such information is rarely consulted when
it is more convenient simply to make unsubstantiated claims that
moisture extremes, i.e. droughts and floods (which have always occurred),
are somehow becoming even more extreme. Over shorter periods and in
certain locations, there is evidence that the heaviest precipitation
events are tending to be greater. This is not a universal phenomenon and it
has not been established that such changes may be due to changes in
greenhouse gas concentrations as demonstrated earlier because the model
projections are unable to reproduce the simplest of
metrics.
It is a simple matter to find
documentation of the ever-rising production of grains. One wonders about the
CEQ allegation that there has been harm to agriculture from
human-induced climate change because when viewing the total growth in
production, which appears to be accelerating, one would assume no harm has
been done during a period of rising greenhouse
gases.
With the evidence in these examples above, it is
obviously difficult to establish the claims about worsening
conditions due to human-caused climate change, or more generally that any
change could be directly linked to increasing CO2. This point also relates
to the issue of climate model capability noted earlier. It is clear
that climate models fall short on some very basic issues of climate
variability, being unable to reproduce what has happened regarding
global temperature, and therefore not knowing why any of it happened. It
is therefore premature to claim that one knows the causes for changes
in various exotic measures of weather, such as rainfall intensity over
short periods, which are not even explicitly generated in climate
model output.
In summary, the
information above indicates that preventing individual projects from
going forward or even shutting down entire sectors of the energy economy
will have no impact on the global climate system. Further, the
information above indicates that the scientific understanding (i.e. climate
models) of how increasing greenhouse gases are affecting the climate is
rather poor, with no quantified and established link between emissions
growth and specific changes in climate or disruptive
weather.
Contact Info
WASHINGTON OFFICE
2402 Rayburn
HOB
Washington, DC 20515
Phone: (202) 225-4422
Fax:
(202) 226-2638
DISTRICT
OFFICE
1125 Kelly Johnson Blvd., Suite
330
Colorado Springs, CO 80920
Phone: (719) 520-0055
Fax: (719)
520-0840
DISTRICT OFFICE
415 Main Street
Buena
Vista, CO 81211
Phone: (719) 520-0055
Fax: (719)
520-0840
Update My Profile
-
Unsubscribe
-
Privacy
Policy
