 Mail
begin
If you are having trouble viewing this message or would like to
share it on a social network, you can
view the message online .
May 08, 2015
"to elevate the condition of men--to
lift artificial weights from all shoulders, to clear the paths of
laudable pursuit for all, to afford all an unfettered start and a fair
chance, in the race of life."
--Abraham
Lincoln
Chairman's Note: Earning
the moral credibility to do what we
must
Most Americans have never heard of the Export-Import Bank.
Even fewer have heard about the 31 corruption and fraud
investigations into the Banks system of doling out taxpayer-backed subsidies and
loan guarantees to foreign buyers of U.S. exports. And this is exactly
why the 81 year-old case study in corporate welfare has a chance of
being reauthorized by Congress next month.
This is
often how the most dysfunctional government programs and policies become
immortal: not necessarily through concerted effort (though the
campaign of misinformation currently conducted by Ex-Im apologists doesnt
hurt), but rather by being so obscure as to escape public
scrutiny.
Enabling such obscurity to persist
by denouncing the
Bank in public while quietly working to renew its charter in private
is fundamentally unconservative. To be a conservative is to be for a
government of, by, and for the American people. And such a government
cannot not long endure when most of those who know about its export
subsidy programs are corporate CEOs, lobbyists, and
politicians.
No, this is the governing model of the Left. When
then-Senator Barack Obama maligned Ex-Im as little more than a fund for
corporate welfare, no one seriously expected him to oppose the Bank once
elected president. Corporate welfare, cloaked in phony populism, is
what progressives do.
But its not what most
Americans want from their elected
representatives.
"But good ideas alone arent enough. The
truth is that we will lack the moral credibility to do what we must,
if we lack the moral courage to do what we
should."
The American people elected us not to perpetuate
broken government programs, but to fix them. And as former governor Rick
Perry rightly
observed , the best way to mend Ex-Im
is to end it.
Conservatives have a multitude of
innovative ideas to reform dysfunctional government and put it back to
work for the American people. Many of these ideas are getting
national attention and praise.
But good ideas alone
arent enough. The truth is that we will lack the moral credibility to do
what we must, if we lack the moral courage to do what we should.
The time has finally come to end Ex-Im. The fate
of conservative reform depends on
it.
Solution for Work/Life Imbalance, is
Flexibility not Mandates
To watch the full video
CLICK HERE
Issue In Focus: Federal Fracking
Rules
On June 24 a new set of Bureau of Land Management (BLM)
regulations will take effect, including new federal mandates governing
hydraulic fracturing, or fracking, by oil and gas operations on federal and
Indian land. Collectively, these requirements are a solution in search
of a problem.
Their stated purpose is to ensure
well integrity, preserve water quality, and enhance transparency with
regard to the chemicals used during fracking. These may be admirable
goals, but the new regulations are not necessary to achieve
them.
Wherever fracking occurs, robust state regulations
already exist and have been effectively protecting the environment and
groundwater for nearly 60 years. Thats why the BLM, in its best attempt to
justify its expanded regulatory powers,
failed to provide even
a single instance of environmental harm, water contamination, or
inadequate state regulation that would warrant these new federal
rules.
But more than just duplicative, BLMs new rules will
likely have detrimental environmental and economic
effects.
According to state officials, Indian tribes, and energy
producers, by further reinforcing Washingtons one-size-fits-all regulatory
scheme, the new rules will only hinder states ability to tailor
regulations to their own unique geological and environmental
conditions.
Then there are the added compliance costs. According
to one estimate, when you add up all of the new permitting,
administrative, and operational expenses, the regulations will cost a staggering
$345 million per year.
This could be devastating
to the people of western states where the majority of land is owned and
operated by the federal government. In Utah, where nearly 70 percent
of wells operate on federal and Indian lands, state officials and
tribal leaders have warned that the regulations will discourage
investment, drive away jobs, and deprive the state and tribes of much needed
royalties and tax revenues.
The bottom line is that
states are successfully managing fracking activities within their own
borders. The federal government shouldnt get in the way with costly,
unnecessary mandates. As the saying goes, if it aint broke, dont fix
it.
Share on Facebook Share on Twitter
Washington, D.C.
Office
316 Hart Senate Office
Building
Washington, D.C., 20510
Phone: 202.224.5444
Fax: 202.228.1168
Salt Lake City
Wallace F. Bennett Federal Building
125 South State, Suite 4225
Salt Lake City, UT
84138
Phone: 801.524.5933
Fax: 801.524.5730
St. George
Office of
Senator Michael S. Lee
285 West
Tabernacle, Suite 200
St. George, UT
84770
Phone: 435.628.5514
Unsubscribe
|
Update My Profile
|
Privacy Policy
