
No American working full time should be living in poverty. It&rsquo;s time for Congress to act.
Add your name and show the GOP it's time to raise the minimum wage &gt;&gt;
NAME:
David Johnson Petition Signature:
SIGN ON &gt;&gt;
Sign Your Name &gt;&gt;
David -- It&rsquo;s OUTRAGEOUS that in America in 2015,
a person working a full-time job must struggle to provide for their family . But that&rsquo;s the reality for millions of Americans earning the minimum wage.
That&rsquo;s why President Obama, myself, and my fellow Democrats in Congress are supporting the Raise the Wage Act, which will give a raise to as many as 38 million American workers. A HUGE majority of Americans support raising the wage . But Republicans are too busy passing budgets aimed at giving tax breaks to millionaires and stripping healthcare for millions.
David, will you stand with me, President Obama, and Congressional Democrats to make it clear to the GOP that it&rsquo;s time to act for ALL Americans, and not just their wealthy donors? ADD YOUR NAME AND SUPPORT A WAGE INCREASE!
Our plan would
-
Provide a raise to one out of four working Americans
-
Assist 18 MILLION families
-
Inject BILLIONS into the American economy
The only thing standing in the way? John Boehner and the special interests controlling Congress.
Show them where you stand.
On behalf of 38 million Americans, I thank you.
Nancy
Paid for by the Democratic Congressional Campaign Committee | 430 South Capitol Street SE, Washington, DC 20003 |
(202) 863-1500
| www.dccc.org | Not authorized by any candidate or candidate's committee.
This message was sent to:
dj724530@gmail.com
| If you'd like to sign up for emails in a different account, click
here .
We believe that emails are a crucial way for our campaign to stay in touch with supporters. However, if you'd just like to receive fewer emails, you can click
here .
We are already at work preparing for what's next. Early support will be critical for building our next campaign to defeat Tea Party Republicans. 99% of our contributions come from grassroots donations, with an average gift of $22. If you'd like to unsubscribe from DCCC emails, click
here . If you'd like to make an online donation, click
here . Thanks for your support of Democrats!
