
D.C. Students Can Visit the Capitol and Sit on the House Floor
For D.C. adult groups and students, one of the most rewarding experiences is sitting on the floor of the U.S. House of Representative, which can be done only during hours or on days when the House is not in session and only in the company of a Member.
This is the House floor where I argue to defend the District and to get benefits for the city.
District groups and students need and deserve this experience.
During the visits, I explain the highlights of floor proceedings and groups get to see D.C.s own Frederick Douglass statue and other sites of special interest to D.C.
This week, I am hosting students from John Carroll Nalle Elementary School, Anacostia High School, and Options Charter School.
Adult groups and schools interested in going on the House floor and touring special sites in the Capitol should contact my district office by calling 202-408-9041.
Getting Sledding Back on Capitol Hill
After District families were threatened with the loss of sledding on Capitol Hill, I worked to ensure that the U.S. Capitol Police would not enforce a 19th century law prohibiting sledding on Capitol Grounds.
I worked with Representative Sam Farr (D-CA), a good friend who is always there for the District, who got his fellow appropriators to pass a commonsense provision, which also passed the full House of Representatives last week .
Now, I am working to get the Senate to follow suit and ensure that our kids have a ball on Americas front lawn next snowfall!
Sticking Up for a D.C. Resident Who Was Arrested at a Congressional Hearing
Last week, I wrote U.S. Capitol Police (USCP) Chief Kim Dine requesting clarification on USCPs policy on removing demonstrators from House and Senate committee hearings and business meetings (markups) , after a District of Columbia resident was forcibly removed from a House Oversight and Government Reform Committee hearing to overturn a D.C. law on April 21, despite witness accounts that the resident was not demonstrating.
I fully understand that the Capitol Police must maintain order and decorum, but they also must make sure that practice matches policy, and that D.C. residents and other American citizens are not wrongfully silenced or arrested.
I have requested a response from Chief Dine within 30 days.
doctype html
Congresswoman Nortons e-Newsletter
May 25, 2015
Honoring D.C.s Fallen Troops This Memorial Day
Each Memorial Day, District of Columbia residents remember a unique group of our nations heroes who have given their lives
to protect freedom, even freedom they do not enjoy themselves.
Thousands of D.C. servicemembers have paid the ultimate sacrifice for their country despite being denied the full and equal rights enjoyed by their fellow Americans in the states.
As citizens
from the District of Columbia continue to fight for freedom around the world, the best way for our country to honor their service would be to give them a vote in the very chambers that decide whether they go to war and control of their local affairs.
D.C.
members of the armed forces and our veterans have earned statehood.
Upcoming Event: Small Business Fair, Wednesday, June 10
On Wednesday, June 10, 2015, we are hosting our annual Small Business Fair for District of Columbia businesses and residents
to learn everything they need to know about starting, developing and growing a small business here.
Throughout the day there will be workshops available providing guidance on writing a small business plan, winning a federal contract, securing a D.C. contract,
insuring a small business, securing tax credits that are available through the Affordable Care Act, understanding the E-Verify program, and many other services.
Participants will also receive one-on-one advice and counseling from bank loan officers, government
small business procurement specialists, and SBA specialists on a range of best business practices.
D.C. residents and business owners interested in participating should register by Friday, May 29. To register,
CLICK HERE.
D.C. Students Can Visit the Capitol and Sit on the House Floor
For D.C. adult groups and students, one of the most rewarding experiences is sitting on the floor of the U.S. House of
Representative, which can be done only during hours or on days when the House is not in session and only in the company of a Member.
This is the House floor where I argue to defend the District and to get benefits for the city.
District groups and students
need and deserve this experience.
During the visits, I explain the highlights of floor proceedings and groups get to see D.C.s own Frederick Douglass statue and other sites of special interest to D.C.
This week, I am hosting students from John Carroll Nalle
Elementary School, Anacostia High School, and Options Charter School.
Adult groups and schools interested in going on the House floor and touring special sites in the Capitol should contact my district office by calling 202-408-9041.
Getting Sledding Back on Capitol Hill
After District families were threatened with the loss of sledding on Capitol Hill, I worked to ensure that the U.S. Capitol
Police would not enforce a 19 th
century law prohibiting sledding on Capitol Grounds.
I worked with Representative Sam Farr (D-CA), a good friend who is always there for the District, who got his fellow appropriators to pass a commonsense provision,
which
also passed the full House of Representatives
last week .
Now, I am working to get the Senate to follow suit and ensure that our kids have a ball on Americas front lawn next snowfall!
Sticking Up for a D.C. Resident Who Was Arrested at a Congressional Hearing
Last week,
I wrote U.S. Capitol Police (USCP) Chief Kim Dine requesting
clarification on USCPs policy on removing demonstrators from House and Senate committee hearings and business meetings (markups) , after a District of Columbia resident was forcibly
removed from a House Oversight and Government Reform Committee hearing to overturn a D.C. law on April 21, despite witness accounts that the resident was not demonstrating.
I fully understand that the Capitol Police must maintain order and decorum, but they
also must make sure that practice matches policy, and that D.C. residents and other American citizens are not wrongfully silenced or arrested.
I have requested a response from Chief Dine within 30 days.
Thanks for subscribing!
Follow Congresswoman Norton on
Facebook ,
Twitter ,
Instagram ,
YouTube , or her
website
for more updates.
Capitol Hill Office
2136 Rayburn HOB
Washington, D.C. 20515
Phone: (202) 225-8050
Fax: (202) 225-3002
S.E. District Office
2041 Martin Luther King Jr. Ave., S.E.
Washington, D.C. 20020
Phone: (202) 678-8900
Fax: (202) 678-8844
Main District Office
90 K Street, N.E., Suite 100
Washington DC 20001
Phone: (202) 408-9041
Fax: (202) 408-9048
To unsubscribe from our list, please click here .
