DOCTYPE html
June 21, 2015
Congressman McHenry Weekly Update
Thank You Cleveland County Community
Late Wednesday night I was horrified to hear of the shooting at Emanuel AME Church in Charleston, SC. It was a senseless act of violence made even worse that it occurred at a house of worship. It was with great relief I learned Thursday that the perpetrator of this despicable act was taken into custody in Shelby. Without the vigilance of Kings Mountain's Debbie Dills and professional work of the Shelby and Kings Mountain Police Departments, this monster could still be free.
Thank you to Ms. Dills, Chief Jeff Ledford, and the entire Shelby Police Department
for their role in ending this manhunt. Read more about Ms. Dills' role in bringing the suspect into custody
here
or click the image below to see an interview she conducted with Fox News.
With the suspect in custody, our attention turns to the victims and their families. Giulia and I have kept all nine victims of this unspeakable tragedy in our prayers. God bless each of them, their families, Ms. Dills, the Shelby Police Department, and all those in law enforcement who keep our community safe each and every day.
A Vote for Transparency &amp; Congressional Oversight
On Thursday of this week, the House again voted for increased transparency and Congressional oversight by
passing Trade Promotion Authority . Following Democratic intransigence last week the House was forced to again act on this vital legislation, the text of which can be found
here . As I
outlined in this space last week , Trade Promotion Authority is crucially important to ensuring both Congress and, more importantly, the American people get a say in any future trade deals our current or future President agrees to.
Below you can see my complete statement on Thursday's passage. Additionally, I recently authored an op-ed on Trade Promotion Authority, what it does, and why I support it. That op-ed will be running in newspapers throughout the district and can also be found
here
courtesy of the
Hickory Daily Record.
On Tuesday I joined The Pete Kaliner Show on Asheville's
News Radio 570 WWNC
to discuss trade as well. That interview can be accessed
here
with my portion beginning at the 65:30 mark.
Proud to Support
Since enactment, Obamacare has driven up consumers costs and put numerous Americans out of work. This week the House acted to remove one of the law's biggest job killers by passing, with bipartisan support,
H.R. 160, the Protect Medical Innovation Act of 2015 . H.R. 160 repeals Obamacare's 2.3% tax on the sale of medical devices. This tax harms consumers who need these vitally important devices. It kills jobs at companies that produce these items. In a law full of terrible ideas, this tax on medical innovation stood out as one of the worst. Click
here
to get a better idea of what kinds of medical innovation are subject to this tax. I was proud to support this repeal and will continue to work with my House colleagues to advance true healthcare reform that drives down costs and puts patients first.
What I Have Been Reading
Breweries expand influence to include helping local nonprofits
Asheville Citizen-Times
I often talk about the jobs and economic development that accompany the expanding brewing industry in Western North Carolina but this article highlights another benefit, philanthropy. Many breweries across the 10th District have put their success to good work by donating to area charities such as the MANNA Foodbank, the United Way, and veterans groups.
Obama's Immigration Action Means Tax Refunds For Illegals, Says IRS
Forbes
In early March
I introduced H.R. 1249, the No Free Rides Act . This legislation was crafted to prevent those who have come to our country illegally from receiving a federal tax break designed for low income Americans. The article above emphasizes the importance of enacting the No Free Rides Act and ensure that those whose first act on American soil was breaking the law, don't receive a tax refund.
Moog Music buys most of its block
Asheville Citizen-Times
Moog Music in Asheville is one of the world's best and most well known manufacturers of electronic music equipment. It is great to read this story on the company's continued expansion, having tripled in size in the last four years. I had the
pleasure of visiting
Moog last October and I look forward to going back soon to see the growth first hand.
WASHINGTON, D.C. OFFICE
2334 Rayburn HOB
Washington, D.C. 20515
Telephone: 202.225.2576
Fax: 202.225.0316
HICKORY DISTRICT OFFICE
87 4th St. NW, Ste A, PO Box 1830
Hickory, NC 28603
Telephone: 828.327.6100
Toll-Free in NC: 800.477.2576
Fax: 828.327.8311
GASTONIA DISTRICT OFFICE
Suite 115
Gaston Co. Administrative Bldg
128 West Main Avenue
Gastonia, NC 28053
Telephone: 704.833.0096
BLACK MTN. DISTRICT OFFICE
160 Midland Avenue
Black Mountain, NC 28711
Telephone: 828.669.0600
Click Here Click Here