
If you are having trouble viewing this message or would like to share
it on a social network, you can
view the message online .
HOME
ABOUT
CONTACT ME
SERVING YOU
MEDIA CENTER
ISSUES
&amp; LEGISLATION
OUR DISTRICT
May 22, 2015
Dear
Friend,
We had encouraging news from the Senate Appropriations
Committee yesterday with the passage of their 2016 Military
Construction and Veterans Affairs Appropriations bill. The bill will fully fund
the construction of the long-awaited community-based outpatient clinic
in French Camp. Last month Rep. McNerney and I urged the committee to
include French Camp funding in a
letter
to the
Sens. Mark Kirk and Jon Tester, Chairman and Ranking Member of the
MilCon VA subcommittee, and this funding puts us one step closer to
seeing this facility built for our vets. Central Valley residents have
waited far too long and been forced to endure six-hour roundtrips back and
forth to access the quality care they deserve. Im committed to
working on a bipartisan basis to get this across the finish
line.
This week we worked through appropriations for the legislative
branch on the House floor. I also voted for several bills to help our
veterans, including one that enables the Secretary of the VA to give
preference to government contractors who choose to employ veterans. As
co-chair of the Congressional Veterans Jobs Caucus, hiring vets and
encouraging others to do the same is a key mission.
I also
voted for the America COMPETES Reauthorization Act, or H.R. 1806, which
reforms the ways we fund civilian research programs to ensure that
were focused on key topics like biology, engineering and computer
sciences. Our nation should be able to lead in these important sciences, and
that means correctly prioritizing the research where time and money
can be spent most efficiently.
On Wednesday I supported
H.R. 880, the American Research and Competitiveness Act, which makes the
research and development tax credit permanent and makes the credit
easier to calculate. This credit encourages our companies, large and
small, to remain innovative.
Yesterday I introduced a bill,
called the
NEPA Reciprocity Act , which will
remove unnecessary bureaucracy in the environmental review processes of
highway, rail, transit and multi-modal projects. My bill gives the
Secretary of Transportation authority to certify that a states
environmental review process is sufficient to satisfy the federal environmental
review process established under NEPA, the National Environmental Policy
Act.
Under the NEPA Reciprocity Act, California projects
which have already passed the states stringent environmental review
process (required by the California Environmental Quality Act, CEQA)
could bypass a duplicative and redundant second layer of review,
dramatically streamlining the project delivery process. My legislation is
supported by the National Association of Counties and the California
State Association of Counties.
On Tuesday, I joined a group
of 75 delegates from the University of California system to discuss my
efforts as co-chair of the California Public Higher Education Caucus
and what we can do to make sure each of our students has a bright
future ahead. When I graduated from high school, I was able to join the
military, serve my country, return and begin school. After graduating
from Cal Poly San Luis Obispo, I could begin paying off my student
loans, find a job, start my own small business, watch that business grow,
start a family and work to afford a home. These are the kinds of
opportunities I worry my own kids wont have with our current economy and
job market, and thats why we have to remain focused on improving the
futures of all of our kids.
My fellow co-chair Rep. Bera also joined in the
discussion.
In the coming weeks we will
be convening a hearing about last weeks Amtrak train derailment and
how we can make sure this kind of thing never happens again. I wrote an
op-ed about my experience visiting the scene last week,
please read it here .
Want more frequent updates?
Connect with me
via email
or on
Facebook ,
Twitter ,
YouTube
or
Instagram .
This weekend
we remember that freedom is not free, and we give thanks for all those
who have lost their lives defending the American ideals. Please have a
blessed Memorial Day.
JEFF DENHAM
Do
you support making the research and development tax credit
permanent? Yes No Would you or a family member personally
benefit from having the new VA facility built at French
Camp? Yes No *By answering this survey, you
are subscribing to my newsletter. If you are having trouble,
click here.
E-mail Updates
Yes, please periodically send me
e-mail updates.*
*By
subscribing to my
e-mail updates, you are authorizing me to send
regular e-mail updates from my office to your e-mail account.
DC
office:
1730 Longworth HOB
Washington, DC
20515
P: 202-225-4540
F: 202-225-3402
Modesto Office:
4701 Sisk Road, Suite 202
Modesto,
CA 95356
P: 209-579-5458
F: 209-579-5028
Unsubscribe
|
Update My Profile
|
Privacy
Policy
