
Dear Friend,
Thank you for signing up to receive my email newsletter. These
newsletters will cover a variety of topics, including events happening
in Indiana, legislation being considered in Congress, and my
perspective on current issues. My hope is to keep you updated and
informed on how issues in Washington may impact Hoosiers. I welcome
your feedback.
Thanks for reading,
Dan Coats
_____
Examining Defense Contractor Abuse
Since the Senate is currently debating the National Defense
Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2016, this week I focused my "Waste
of the Week" speech on spending practices at the Department of Defense.
I spoke on the Senate floor and highlighted one example of how the
federal government can achieve $571 million in savings by holding
defense contractors accountable for the money they spend.
Federal contractors play a vital role in delivering services
efficiently and effectively to our citizens, and nowhere are these
services more important than when they are provided to our troops.
While contractors are often a useful resource for carrying out
government missions more efficiently, a recent report indicates that
not all contractors are working toward the best interests of U.S.
taxpayers.
An April 2015 report by the Special Inspector General for Afghanistan
Reconstruction (SIGAR) identified $135 million in "questionable costs"
by a single contractor between October 2011 and March 2014. Since its
creation, SIGAR has identified $571 million in misspent funds by
federal contractors.
To address this issue, I pointed to my support for Title 8 of the
National Defense Authorization Act, which seeks to directly address
defense acquisition policy and management and make several reforms to
the contracting process.
It is deeply frustrating when contractors who are supposed to be
supporting our troops are instead wasting money, either intentionally
or through error. American taxpayers expect a return on their
investment and that starts with being accountable for every penny
spent. We need to be sure our service men and women have the strong
support they need as they defend our nation.
To watch my speech on the Senate floor click here
or on the image above.
_____
Pain Capable Unborn Child Protection Act
Anyone who has ever raised a child, held a newborn baby or witnessed
the miracle of birth knows that life is a sacred and precious gift that
must be protected from the moment of conception. I am pleased to
support this important legislation to protect our most vulnerable. The
legislation previously passed the House of Representatives on May 13,
2015.
This week I supported legislation that would protect unborn children
beginning at six months, when research indicates they are able to feel
pain. The Pain Capable Unborn Child Protection Act, introduced by
Senator Lindsey Graham (R-S.C.) in the Senate, would prohibit abortions
after 20 weeks of pregnancy, with exceptions for pregnancies resulting
from rape, incest or to save a pregnant woman whose life is endangered.
Coats in the News
Coats Highlights Impact of Obamacare on Hoosier Businesses
Coats and McCain Discuss Importance of Cybersecurity Legislation in
NDAA
A Senate Lunch Tradition Draws on the Flavors of Home
Coats:
US
must fix tax code, expand trade
China's data assault against Americans
_____
Stay Connected
_____
Coats with Hoosiers
I enjoyed meeting with Dr. Gregory Hess, President of Wabash College,
during his trip to Washington.
I had a great time showing the Board of Trustees from Wheaton College
around the Capitol. I also had the opportunity to honor my alma mater
from the Senate floor.
_____
To unsubscribe please
Click Here
Contact Me
Latest News
A message
from Senator Dan Coats
Dear
Friend,
Thank you for signing up to receive my email
newsletter. These newsletters will cover a variety of topics,
including
events happening in Indiana, legislation being
considered
in Congress, and my perspective on current issues.
My
hope is to keep you updated and informed on how issues in Washington may impact Hoosiers. I welcome your
feedback.
Thanks for reading,
Dan Coats
Examining Defense Contractor Abuse
Since
the Senate is currently debating the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2016, this week
I focused my &#8220;Waste of the Week&#8221; speech on spending practices at the Department of Defense.
I spoke on the Senate floor and highlighted one example of how the federal government can achieve $571
million in savings by holding defense contractors accountable for the money they spend.
Federal contractors play a vital role in delivering services efficiently and effectively
to our citizens, and nowhere are these services more important than when they are provided to our troops.
While contractors are often a useful resource for carrying out government missions more efficiently,
a recent report indicates that not all contractors are working toward the best interests of U.S. taxpayers.
An April 2015 report by the Special Inspector General for Afghanistan Reconstruction
(SIGAR) identified $135 million in &#8220;questionable costs&#8221; by a single contractor between October
2011 and March 2014. Since its creation, SIGAR has identified $571 million in misspent funds by federal
contractors.
. To address this issue, I pointed to my support for Title 8 of the National
Defense Authorization Act, which seeks to directly address defense acquisition policy and management
and make several reforms to the contracting process.
It is deeply frustrating when contractors who are supposed to be supporting our troops
are instead wasting money, either intentionally or through error. American taxpayers expect a return
on their investment and that starts with being accountable for every penny spent. We need to be sure
our service men and women have the strong support they need as they defend our nation.
To watch my speech on the Senate
floor click
here
or on the image above.
Pain
Capable Unborn Child Protection Act
Anyone
who has ever raised a child, held a newborn baby or witnessed the miracle of birth knows that life is
a sacred and precious gift that must be protected from the moment of conception. I am pleased to support
this important legislation to protect our most vulnerable. The legislation previously passed the House
of Representatives on May 13, 2015.
This
week I supported legislation that would protect unborn children beginning at six months, when research
indicates they are able to feel pain. The Pain Capable Unborn Child Protection Act, introduced by Senator
Lindsey Graham (R-S.C.) in the Senate, would prohibit abortions after 20 weeks of pregnancy, with exceptions
for pregnancies resulting from rape, incest or to save a pregnant woman whose life is endangered.
Coats
in the News
Coats
Highlights Impact of Obamacare on Hoosier Businesses
Coats
and McCain Discuss Importance of Cybersecurity Legislation in NDAA
A
Senate Lunch Tradition Draws on the Flavors of Home
Coats:
US
must fix tax code, expand trade
China&#8217;s
data assault against Americans
Stay
Connected
Coats with Hoosiers
I
enjoyed meeting with Dr. Gregory Hess, President of Wabash College, during his trip to Washington.
I
had a great time showing the Board of Trustees from Wheaton College around the Capitol. I also had the
opportunity to honor my alma mater from the Senate floor.
To
unsubscribe please
Click
Here
Contact
Me Latest
News
