
Official Site
Constituent Services
News
Contact
U.S. Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell&rsquo;s eNewsletter - - Week of May 18, 2015
Memorial Day 2015
&lsquo;Memorial Day is also a time to express our gratitude to the families of the fallen, to let them know they are not forgotten.&rsquo;
Today, Senator McConnell made the following remarks in honor of Memorial Day:
&ldquo;This Monday we&rsquo;ll honor our nation&rsquo;s greatest heroes: Every American who made the ultimate sacrifice in defense of freedom, democracy, and the American way of life. We&rsquo;ll proudly fly the flag that these brave heroes sought to protect.
&ldquo;Memorial Day is also a time to express our gratitude to the families of the fallen, to let them know they are not forgotten. Kentucky has always played a vital role in the defense of our nation, and I want to especially remember the heroes of the Bluegrass State on this day. I&rsquo;m honored to represent Kentuckians in the Armed Forces, including those stationed at Fort Knox, Fort Campbell, the Blue Grass Army Depot, and members of the Reserves and Kentucky National Guard.&rdquo;
Blue Alert Act Signed into Law
Law Will Help Catch Suspects Who Attack Law-Enforcement Officers
On Tuesday, the President signed into law the
Rafael Ramos and Wenjian Liu National Blue Alert Act of 2015 .
Senator McConnell co-sponsored the bill establishing a national &ldquo;Blue Alert&rdquo; system within the U.S. Department of Justice to help catch those who kill, harm, or threaten law-enforcement officers.
The law creates a nationwide system. Should law-enforcement officers be killed, seriously injured, threatened, or go missing while in the line of duty, this system would be utilized to widely disseminate information to help identify and apprehend potential suspects.
Senator McConnell said, &ldquo;I was proud to cosponsor the Blue Alert Act and pleased the President signed it into law. The Blue Alert will help bring to justice those who harm or threaten our police officers, and hopefully help deter future violence. Kentucky law-enforcement officers put their lives on the line every day to defend us and this law will help protect those who put their lives on the line for us every day. I was honored to support it and help push for its passage on behalf of the thousands of brave Kentucky law-enforcement officers.&rdquo;
Click
HERE
to read more from SurfKY News in western Kentucky.
Human Trafficking Bill Passes Congress; Now Goes to President for Signature
McConnell: &lsquo;I urge the President to sign this legislation from the new Congress as quickly as possible.&rsquo;
On Tuesday, the U.S. House of Representatives passed the
Justice for Victims of Trafficking Act , bipartisan legislation that passed the Senate and will aid victims of human trafficking and enhance law-enforcement tools to protect victims and to combat these crimes.
Senator McConnell spoke on the Senate Floor praising the House passage of the bill and urged the President to sign it into law: &ldquo;House passage of the
Justice for Victims of Trafficking Act
represents a vital ray of hope for the countless victims of modern slavery who need our help&hellip; And now I urge the President to sign this legislation from the new Congress as quickly as possible. The victims of such terrible abuse have had to wait long enough for Washington&rsquo;s help. Let&rsquo;s not make them wait a moment longer.&rdquo;
Click the image below to view the Senator&rsquo;s floor remarks.
Senators Partner on National Effort to Address Prescription Drug and Heroin Crisis
On Tuesday, Senators McConnell and Ed Markey (D-MA) called on the Department of Health and Human Services (HHS) to issue a Surgeon General&rsquo;s Report and Call to Action on prescription drug and heroin abuse. With the opioid crisis reaching epidemic proportions in Massachusetts, Kentucky and states across the nation, the Senators sent a letter to HHS requesting the Surgeon General report and additional information on HHS&rsquo;s plan to measure progress on the recently announced federal initiative to reduce opioid overdose deaths and addiction.
&ldquo;Our home states of Massachusetts and Kentucky have been hit particularly hard by the opioid epidemic,&rdquo; write the lawmakers. &ldquo;&hellip;Statistics in Kentucky show that the state continues to lose more than 1,000 lives to overdoses each year.
In 2013, nearly 32 percent of these overdoses in Kentucky involved heroin&hellip;Given the magnitude of this epidemic, we believe a Surgeon General&rsquo;s Report will help highlight the seriousness of this public health crisis and spur national efforts that can assist communities most in need.&rdquo; A copy of the letter to HHS can be found
HERE .
Nearly 25,000 Americans die each year from an opioid overdose. Senators Markey and McConnell are also requesting information from HHS on how they plan to measure the success of the initiative announced earlier this year that seeks to reduce prescription opioid and heroin related overdose, death and dependence.
Click
HERE
to read an article this week that mentioned Senator McConnell&rsquo;s letter regarding the prescription drug and heroin epidemic.
Senator McConnell Raises Kentucky Priorities with U.S. Secretary of Defense
On Wednesday, Senator McConnell welcomed to his office in the U.S. Capitol the United States Secretary of Defense, Ash Carter.
They discussed critical defense priorities and the importance of Fort Knox and Fort Campbell to Kentucky and to our national security.
Welcome to Washington, D.C.
On Tuesday, Chase Robbins of Shelbyville joined Senator McConnell during a press conference about the importance of exports to American small businesses and the need for more free trade. Robbins is an Army Veteran and the owner of Apex Motorsports Inc., an auto parts retailer in Shelbyville that sells performance parts to customers around the world.
Click the image below to view the press conference.
On Wednesday, Senator McConnell welcomed members of Kentuckians for Better Transportation to the U.S. Capitol and discussed Kentucky transportation and infrastructure priorities.
Also on Wednesday, Senator McConnell spoke during Focus on the Family&rsquo;s Faith and Freedom Forum.
If you&rsquo;re planning a trip to Washington, D.C., please check out Senator McConnell's
website
and visit his office while you are in town. Every week, Senator McConnell welcomes to his office in the U.S. Capitol many Kentuckians from across the Commonwealth visiting D.C. to meet with Senator McConnell and discuss issues of importance to Kentucky. Also, the Senator&rsquo;s office has information on tours, places to visit and local restaurants to help make your trip to the nation&rsquo;s capital one to remember.
In the Media
On Sunday, Senator McConnell appeared on ABC&rsquo;s &ldquo;This Week&rdquo; and discussed getting the Senate back to work, national security issues, and bipartisan legislation to promote American trade.
Click the image below to view the interview.
On Monday,
The Courier-Journal
in Louisville printed an op-ed by Senator McConnell,
&ldquo;Expanding Free Trade Will Grow Kentucky Exports.&rdquo;
Senator McConnell wrote:
The benefits from trade are huge. The United States currently has free trade agreements with 20 countries, which account for $12.1 billion&mdash;or 44 percent&mdash;of Kentucky&rsquo;s exports. Expanding free trade agreements to countries in Europe and the Pacific will only make our exports grow. It will benefit Kentucky manufacturers, farmers, and consumers&mdash;and most importantly, provide high-quality jobs in our state. And it will help increase prosperity across the Commonwealth. Kentucky is counting on this important free trade legislation, and I&rsquo;m working hard in the Senate to see it gets done.
Click the image below to read the Senator&rsquo;s full column in
The Courier-Journal .
On Tuesday, Senator McConnell and GOP Senators hosted a media stakeout in the U.S. Capitol.
Keeping Up With Senator McConnell
Keep up with the latest news and alerts from our nation&rsquo;s capital as well as updates on things happening in Kentucky by becoming a fan of Senator McConnell&rsquo;s
Facebook
page, and get the latest news from Senator McConnell&rsquo;s Press Office on Twitter at
@McConnellPress
and on Instagram at
@McConnellPress .
For a more behind-the-scenes view of the Senate Majority Leader's office, be sure to follow
@SenateMajLdr
on Twitter and
@SenateMajLdr
on Instagram.
Get this newsletter delivered to your inbox by signing up
HERE
Official Site
|
Privacy Policy
|
Unsubscribe
