
If you are having trouble viewing this
message or would like to share it on a social network, you can
view the message online .
May 29, 2015
Unsubscribe
Update My Profile
Website
|
Meet Rodney
|
11th
District
Services
|
Newsroom
|
Contact
Rodney
e-News
5/29/15
The Presidents Gitmo Five Soon Free to Return to the Fight
Against Us!
U.S. Intelligence: Iran
Sending More Fighters to
Yemen
Justice for Victims of Trafficking Act
Lands on the
Presidents Desk
Protecting Senior
Patient Access to Medicare Programs
Five
Things You Can Do Now to Prepare for Hurricane
Season
Salute: The U.S. Navy and the new U.S.S. New
Jersey
The Presidents
Gitmo Five Soon Free to Return to the Fight Against
Us!
It was one year ago this week that President Obama transferred
five senior Taliban leaders from the detention facility at Guantanamo
Bay (GTMO) to Qatar.
Under terms of the deal the President
negotiated with the Taliban for the release of Army SGT. Bowe Bergdahl,
those five terrorists will be free to return to the fight against our
troops and our interests on Sunday.
I am sure you may have already
seen media reports that suggest their activities over the past 12
months are already a cause for concern.
Beyond
this huge mistake, I continue to be deeply troubled that the President
and his advisors ignored a duly-enacted law designed to provide the
peoples representatives in Congress advance warning of such transfers,
not to mention the ability to ask commonsense questions related to
the safety of our citizens and country.
This weekend, the
Administration's feeble restrictions on the so-called Gitmo Five
terrorists will expire, further endangering our troops abroad and our
families at home.
Read more in Michael Winters story in
USA Today
here .
U.S. Intelligence: Iran Sending More Fighters to
Yemen
More disturbing reports surfaced this week
about Irans newest threat in the Middle East.
Bill Gertz write in
the
Washington Free Beacon
Wednesday:
Iran has dispatched additional paramilitary forces
to Yemen to aid pro-Tehran rebels seeking to take control of the
strategic southern Arabian state, according to recent U.S. intelligence
reports.
Estimates put the number of both Iranian and Iraqi
Shiite forces helping the Houthis in Yemen at around 5,000 people. The
number of Lebanese Hezbollah members in Yemen is not
known.
The Obama administration is seeking to conclude a nuclear agreement
with Iran by the end of June, and is keeping quiet about the Iranian
push to control Yemen.
Middle East specialists, however,
said the influx of Iranian and Hezbollah fighters is a troubling
indicator of a growing Iranian threat to the region.
"It would
effectively put the Quds force on the Saudi border and potentially give
Iran a naval and air presence near the Bab-el-Mandeb, and the exit from
the Red Sea to the Indian Oceana key trade route for petroleum and
all trade and U.S. naval movements through the Suez Canal, said
Anthony Cordesman, with the Center for Strategic and International
Studies."
Cordesman said if the intelligence reports are confirmed,
it is the first real sign that Iran is playing a major role in
Yemen.
Read the entire disturbing story
here .
Justice for Victims of Trafficking
Act Lands on the Presidents Desk
After
final legislative approval by the House, the bipartisan Justice for
Victims of Trafficking Act was sent to President Obama for his signature
recently.
This bipartisan legislation is made up of several
House-passed initiatives to combat human trafficking and provide
additional services to its victims.
S. 178 gives law enforcement new
tools to go after the perpetrators and punish them to the
fullestextent of the law. When the President signs this measure, he, the
Congress and the people of the United States will be saying we will not
tolerate these monstrous crimes. We must continue to make every
effort to end human trafficking in every
form .
Protecting Senior Patient Access to Medicare
Programs
I was honored to accept the 2015 Medicare Part D Patient
Access Champion Award, presented by the Alliance for Patient Access (AfPA)
and the National Association of Nutrition and Aging Services Programs
(NANASP).
According to the award sponsors, I was recognized
for outstanding leadership to protect the Medicare Part D
Prescription Drug Program and help ensure that it can continue to provide access
to more affordable prescription drugs for seniors
The
Medicare Part D Program has helped ensure New Jersey seniors have
adequate access to more affordable prescription drugs, and I will continue
to make sure this program effectively serves the people of our state. I
will continue my efforts to ensure that any proposed changes to Part
D do not negatively impact one of the few federal health care programs
that has both leveraged competition and actually saved taxpayers
money.
Five Things You Can Do Now to Prepare for
Hurricane Season
Although we have already seen our first
named storm of 2015 on the Atlantic Coast, this years hurricane
season officially kicks off this weekend.
While New Jerseys
11 th
Congressional District does not lie on the states coastline,
preparing for a hurricane or tropical storm may be
especially important for us.
As we know from recent experience, the high
winds and heavy rainfall of major storms can do major damage far
inland.
Use these five tips to make sure you have what you
need to keep your family safe:
1. Have a family
communications plan . In an emergency situation, your family
might not all be together and traditional means of communication (like
cell phone service) may not be readily available. Have an alternative
plan in place to contact your family.
Follow these tips from FEMA to put together a
plan .
2. Create an emergency kit . Strong storms can knock
out power for a long time and if youre unable to evacuate, youll
need to have enough food and water on hand until power can be restored.
FEMA recommends having enough to last for at least 72 hours for all
members of your household.
Find
out what other items to include in your kit .
3.
Dont forget about your pets . Animals are an important part
of many families, so you want to
make sure theyre prepared
as well. That means having
additional food and water on hand for them and making sure their tags are up
to date in case you get separated. If you evacuate, dont leave your
animals behind. They often cant fend for themselves during a
storm.
4. Learn the appropriate evacuation routes .
Knowing the evacuation routes in advance will help you react calmly
during an evacuation and help move your family to safety. Follow the
direction of local emergency officials and law enforcement. If they tell
you to evacuate, make sure you do so.
5. Know
whether you live in a flood zone.
Storms can cause serious
flood damage to your property. If you live near rivers, streams or
other bodies of water that could overflow, make sure you are prepared to
deal with flooding and have proper insurance coverage to protect
you.
Learn more about your flood risk
and finding flood insurance coverage .
Learn more about
the storm threats and resources
here .
Salute: The U.S. Navy and the new U.S.S. New
Jersey
I was honored to join the Secretary of the Navy, Ray
Mabus, at Liberty State Park on Sunday as the Navy announced it will name
another one of its ships after the state of New
Jersey.
The latest U.S.S. New Jersey will be the most advanced submarine in
the world - a Virginia-class nuclear-powered attack submarine that
will never need refueling and should serve in the fleet for 40
years.
The name U.S.S. New Jersey has graced two previous Navy ships,
both battleships.
The first U.S.S. New Jersey was an early
1900s era battlewagon, part of Teddy Roosevelts Great White
Fleet.
The second Battleship New Jersey - served in World War II, the
Korean War, the Vietnam War, and in Lebanon. The ship received 19 battle
stars and is now on display on the Delaware River Camden as a
museum.
The new U.S.S. New Jersey should be operational in
2021.
Read more in Matthew Speisers story on
NJ.com
here .
Contact Information
WASHINGTON, D.C.
2306 Rayburn House Office
Building
Washington, DC 20515-3011
(202) 225-5034
NEW
JERSEY
30 Schuyler Place, Second Floor
Morristown, NJ
07960
(973) 984-0711
Update My Profile
-
Unsubscribe
-
Privacy
Policy
