 Mail
begin
If you are having
trouble viewing this message or would like to share it on a social
network, you can
view the
message online .
May 22, 2015
Unsubscribe
Update My
Profile
Website
|
About Doug
|
District Map
|
Constituent Services
|
Issues &amp; Legislation
|
News
|
Contact |
Dear
Friend,
Now is the time of year when we set our spending priorities for the
coming fiscal year. The most important task to me is providing for
our common defense. The National Defense Authorization Act (NDAA) is
critical to making sure that our brave men and women in uniform have the
resources they need to protect our
nation.
We also took a historic vote to protect the
unborn with the Pain-Capable Unborn Child Protection Act, acted to
safeguard your civil liberties in the fight against terrorism, held
important hearings in the Natural Resources Committee, passed legislation
increasing American research and competitiveness, and ensured that we
have enough time to identify the most sustainable and fiscally
responsible long-term future for our highway and transportation
infrastructure.
Please let me
know if you require any assistance with a federal government agency by
contacting my local office at (719)
520-0055.
I am honored to serve as your Representative
in Washington.
Sincerely,
SUPPORTING THE 2016 NDAA
I
voted in favor of the 2016 National
Defense Authorization Act (NDAA). Additionally, I added or supported seven
more amendments to the bill. Supporting our men and women in
uniform is vitally important to the safety and security of the United
States. It was profoundly disappointing to see so many Democrats turn away
from our brave warriors and vote against this bill. This is a
good and important bill. Ive been working on it for months now, and
have added provisions at subcommittee, full committee, and on the floor.
We address critical issues in military space, missile defense and
almost every area of national security policy. I addressed a range of
issues impacting Colorado Springs and our military bases here. I also
added a provision to establish a partnership with Israel to develop tunnel
detection technology, because we are facing tunnel threats on our
southern border as well as the threat of terrorists using tunnels around
the world. The bottom line is that this is a good bill and we must
continue to make sure that our national security is our top
priority.
Please click HERE to watch my speech on the importance of
protecting our nuclear
stockpile
Congressman Lamborn's Amendments to
the NDAA
Amendment 5 (with Reps. Brooks, Palmer, Blackburn, Fleming, Smith,
Bridenstine, Gosar, Lummis, King, Brat, Palazzo, Ratcliffe, Babin, Duncan,
Duncan, Collins, Barletta, Jones, Olson, Perry, Bilirakis, Graves,
McClintock, Neugebauer, Aderholt, Weber, Loudermilk, Flores, Franks,
Gohmert, and Kelly): Strikes section 538, relating to a sense of the
House of Representatives regarding Secretary of Defense review of
section 504 of title 10, United States Code, regarding enlisting certain
illegal aliens in the Armed Forces.
Amendment 26: Adds language to the underlying Iran Sense
of Congress regarding the sale of S-300s and the importance of
terrorism related sanctions.
Amendment 27: Limits funding for implementing the New START
treaty.
Floor Debate on Amendment
#27
Amendment 54 (with
Reps. Fleming, Stefanik, and Jones): Requires a report and
certification by the Secretary of Defense that an Army active duty end
strength below 490,000 soldiers will be adequate to meet the U.S. national
military strategy.
Amendment 101: Adds a limitation on military-to-military exchanges
and contacts with Iran.
Amendment 107: Adds a requirement for a report on Qatars
efforts to combat terrorism.
Amendment 108: Expresses a Sense of Congress in support of
Jordan.
House Floor Speech Supporting
Amendment # 108
AN HISTORIC VOTE TO PROTECT THE
UNBORN
I voted for H.R. 36, the
Pain-Capable Unborn Child Protection Act. This legislation bans
abortions after 20 weeks (five months) of pregnancy, allows exceptions for
when the mother's life is threatened, or rape or incest occur, and
provides compassionate care for mother and child. The scientific and
moral issues in this case are clear. Babies feel pain at the five
month mark and medical developments are moving up the point of viability.
The United States is one of only seven nations on Earth that allow
elective abortions five months into the pregnancy. As science advances,
we are living in an age of life. Recent polling shows that 60% of the
public supports H.R. 35. I have a 100% pro-life record and will
continue to be one of the leading champions and advocates for life in the
entire Congress. It is a privilege to continue that today with my
co-sponsorship and vote for the Pain-Capable Unborn Child Protection
Act.
Please click
HERE
to watch my Floor Speech in
Support
Groups Supporting the
Bill
National Right to
Life
Concerned Women for
America
Family Research
Council
Americans United for
Life
Heritage
Action
Susan B. Anthony
List
US Conference of Catholic
Bishops
Priests for
Life
March for
Life
Christian Medical
Association
Knights of
Columbus
Life Issues
Institute
American Association of Pro-Life Obstetricians
and Gynecologists (AAPLOG)
American Center for Law and Justice
(ACLJ)
Bound4Life
PROTECTING
YOUR CIVIL LIBERTIES
I voted for H.R.
2048, the Uniting and Strengthening America by Fulfilling Rights
and Ensuring Effective Discipline Over Monitoring (USA FREEDOM) Act of
2015. H.R. 2048 includes reforms designed to strengthen privacy
and civil liberty protections that are a part of the nations
intelligence-gathering programs operated under the Foreign Intelligence
Surveillance Act (FISA). This bill will safeguard the civil liberties of
Americans by limiting bulk collection of data and increasing legislative
and judicial oversight of our intelligence agencies while maintaining a
workable and more transparent framework for intelligence officials to
protect our national security. I urge the Senate to move
expeditiously on this legislation so that we can work to bring back the confidence
of the American people in the way intelligence is gathered and
protect the privacy rights of all
Americans.
More
information
Ends bulk
data collection
Prohibits the bulk data collection under Section 215 of the PATRIOT
Act, FISA Pen Register and Trap and Trace Device authority, and
national security letters.
Narrows the definition of a Specific Selection Term and does not
permit the collection of records from a large geographic area such as
a state, city, county, or zip
code.
Specific Selection Term is
limited to a person, account, address, or personal device, or any other
specific
identifier.
FISA orders permit the production of
call detail records when there is reasonable,
articulable suspicion the Specific Selection Term is associated with international
terrorism.
Explicitly excludes content - limits information to only the phone
numbers, time, and duration of the
call.
Requires
minimization and destruction of call detail records unrelated to foreign
intelligence.
Reforms the Foreign Intelligence Surveillance
Court
Appoints Amicus
Curiae panel to provide the FISA Court with legal arguments to protect
civil liberties and
privacy.
Declassifies decisions, orders, and opinions of the
court, including interpretations of law and the Specific Selection
Term.
Requires annual
reporting on FISA orders to Congress and to be posted publicly on a
website.
Allows
companies to disclose FISA
orders.
Protects National
Security
Closes a loophole
and allows continued authorized tracking of foreign terrorists for 72
hours if they enter the United States and the terrorists threatens
death or serious bodily harm to
others.
Increases maximum penalty for providing material
support to terrorists from 15 to 20
years.
Reauthorizes Section 215 (business records)
and Section 206 (roving wiretap) of the PATRIOT Act and Section 6001
(lone wolf) of the Intelligence Reform and Terrorism Prevention Act of
2004 to December 15, 2019 (set to expire on June 1,
2015).
Codifies protocols to
protect maritime navigation and prevent nuclear
terrorism.
QUESTIONING THE CONNECTION BETWEEN EMISSIONS AND EXTREME
WEATHER
In the
House
Natural Resources Committee, Congressman Doug Lamborn engaged in a
fascinating dialogue with Mr. John Christy Professor of Atmospheric
Science and State Climatologist National Space Science and Technology
Center, University of Alabama. During their exchange, Professor Christy
categorized the impact that a single project (such as a coal-fired
power plant) would have on the climate of the planet would be, "like
spitting in the ocean." The professor also pointed out that real world
atmospheric climate data collected by balloons and satellites over the
last three decades has not matched up with the predictions laid out by
the last three decades of climate modelling. We must always
strive to be good stewards of our environment. However, we must not cripple
our economy and potential for growth and development with hugely
expensive costs based on assertions that are being disputed and questioned
within the scientific community. I commend Professor Christy for his
courage in speaking up on this very important
issue.
Please click
HERE
to watch the dialogue
KEEPING TABS ON
IRAN
I supported H.R. 1191,
the Iran Nuclear Agreement Review Act of 2015. This bill requires a review
by the House and Senate of any nuclear agreement with Iran before
President Obama can waive or suspend sanctions previously imposed by
Congress. President Obama and Secretary of State John Kerry have
stumbled through months of negotiations that don't appear to have limited
Iran's march toward a nuclear weapon. By mandating Congressional
oversight and involvement, H.R. 1191 ensures that this nuclear deal will
receive the closest possible scrutiny and will open the door to a more
active participatory role for the Congress. Although is only a baby step
in the right direction, it does make some progress that is worth
supporting. When we are dealing with something that could fundamentally
change the balance of power in the Middle East, we cannot afford to rush
through any agreement without proper Congressional oversight and due
diligence.
Passage of
this legislation is a major victory for the American people and for the
safety and security of this nation and our allies, but it is only the
first step. If a deal is reached Congress must work together to
insure that it is in fact a good deal. And, if not, Congress must do its
role and disapprove of such a deal.
More Information (courtesy of the House
Republican Conference)
Major provisions of the bill
include:
Congressional
Review:
Requires the President to submit to
Congress, within five days of concluding a comprehensive agreement
with Iran: (1) the text of the agreement and all related materials; (2) a
verification assessment on Iranian compliance; and (3) a
certification that the agreement meets U.S. non-proliferation objectives and does
not jeopardize U.S. national security, including not allowing Iran to
pursue nuclear-related military
activities.
No Suspension of Congressional
Sanctions during Review Period:
Prohibits the President from waiving statutory
sanctions while Congress reviews the agreement. If the agreement and all
related documents are submitted prior to July 10, 2015, Congress has up to
52 days to review the deal and may vote on the agreement in the first
30 days; the President then has 12 days to veto the bill, followed by
10 days for Congress to override such a veto. If the deal is submitted
between July 10 and September 7, 2015, Congress has an additional 30
days of review, for a total of up to 82
days.
Joint Resolution of
Disapproval:
Gives
Congress the opportunity to enact a joint resolution of disapproval (over a
presidential veto) within the review period.
Enactment of a joint
resolution of disapproval would prevent the President from waiving or
suspending the Congressional
sanctions.
Oversight and
Compliance:
Requires the President to
certify to Congress every 90 days that Iran is complying with the
agreement. If Iran violates the terms of the deal, the legislation
provides an expedited process for Congress to rapidly restore
sanctions.
Reporting:
Includes new reporting requirements on
Irans direct and indirect support for terrorism, human rights violations,
and ballistic missile
testing.
ADVOCATING
FOR MISSILE DEFENSE
I delivered a keynote address at the 13th Annual Ronald
Reagan Missile Defense Forum.
Text of
Speech
Good morning. Thank you first and foremost to Admiral Syring for
the invitation to speak this morning. As you all know, Admiral Syring is
a huge asset for the Missile Defense Agency. His leadership has been
vital as the MDA has faced challenging budget environments. Admiral
Syring is very well respected on Capitol Hill and I am grateful for all
the time he has given me, both here in Washington and at the Missile
Defense Integration and Operations Center, or MDIOC, in my district
just outside Colorado Springs. Speaking of Colorado Springs, Im sure
there are a few folks in industry and government here today from Colorado
Springs. Im extremely proud of the contribution that my constituents
make to missile defense system, which is part of why I co-chair the
Missile Defense Caucus. In fact, just three weeks ago, we hosted a
number of industry partners for the second Missile Defense Day on the
Hill. Unfortunately, the Speaker cut votes short for the week, so we
didnt get as many members of Congress as last time, but it was still a
great day. And thank you Admiral Syring for letting General Todorov come
to that event. His participation was a great
addition.
Were
obviously here today to talk about the importance of missile defense.
Or more specifically, the importance of a strong and reliable missile
defense system. The fact that we can hit a bullet with a bullet is
stunning, but it doesnt do much good if it isnt a part of a system that
provides reliable protection to the homeland. The good news is that
we have a reliable system today and each day it is getting more
reliable, thanks to the work of many of you in this room. In addition to
protecting American citizens 24 hours a day, 365 days a year, this missile
defense system actually changes how our potential adversaries think
-- and in a good way. A credible missile defense system reduces the
value of long-range ballistic missiles to rogue regimes. And most
importantly it prevents America from ever being held hostage by threats from
rogue regimes. Missile defense actually changes the strategic
environment for the better.
Now missile defense has not always been
a bipartisan issue. As many of you well know, there have been critics
of missile defense for decades, but there is now strong bipartisan
support in Congress for missile defense. Yes, there are still occasional
detractors and yes, there are still some areas of missile defense
where partisan lines emerge, but by and large there is consensus that
missile defense is important. Part of this consensus is that missile
defense has proven itself. The most high profile example is obviously Iron
Dome. And while that is different in many important ways from what
you all spend most of your time working on, I think it unmistakably
showed the real-world value of missile defenses. If you can shoot down a
rocket or a missile headed for your country, your political leaders
have more space to make decisions in responding to the attack. But Im
preaching to the choir on this, so let me move on.
Let me
offer a few ideas of where I think we need to take our missile defense
system. First, we need to continue investing in our current system to
make sure it is robust and reliable. Just a few miles from my house is
NORTHCOM. Admiral Gortney and his team, through the Colorado National
Guardsmen at the 100th Missile Defense Brigade--they are the
warfighters. They need a robust and reliable system that is ready to go on a
moments notice. We must continue improving our ground-based
interceptors. I am glad to see the CE2 interceptors being deployed, and Im glad
that our plans to put more GBIs in the ground in Alaska seem to be on
track. We also need to ensure that the backbone of BMDS is strong and
secure. The sensors and command &amp; control architecture needs to
provide warfighters and decision makers with what they need quickly and
reliably. To ensure all of this, I believe that we need more testing.
We need more ground testing, we need more flight testing, we need more
exercising, and so on. I know this costs money, but testing is
critical if we want to have a reliable system.
Second, we need to
improve our sensor architecture. Our interceptors are only as good as
the sensors that guide them. The Long Range Discriminating Radar (or
LRDR) in Alaska will play a key part in this. I know that Admiral
Syring and Admiral Gortney are talking about the best place to put this
radar, and I am very supportive of this going forward. But we also need
to look at other sensors as well, and we need to make sure that we can
use existing sensor data well.
This leads me to my third
area where we need to invest--space. I believe that space-based sensors,
and perhaps more than sensors in the future, are key to the future of
missile defense. We obviously already rely on space for missile
warning, but we should do more. The Space Tracking and Surveillance System
(STSS) demonstration has proven itself to be very effective. If you
arent familiar with what theyve been able to do with just two
satellites, you should go learn about it. It is clear that some sort of space
sensor layer could provide critical track and discrimination ability.
In fact, the National Defense Authorization Act that will be on the
floor of the House later today, includes a provision I added encouraging
the MDA to move forward on developing a space sensor architecture. As
you may know, the MDA actually has a very exciting space program
underway right now that has a great acronym: SKA. Its the Space-based
Kill Assessment. I cant say too much about it in this venue, except that
the team at MDAs space unit are doing great work, and may actually
be showing the rest of the DOD how to think creatively and affordably
about space systems.
The fourth area is kind of an obvious
catchall, but must be discussed. We need to continue to invest in
advanced technologies. We can hit a bullet with a bullet, but we cant be
content there. We need to bend the cost curve, and we need to change
when and where we can intercept missiles. I also happen to co-chair the
Directed Energy Caucus, and I think directed energy is crucial to the
future of missile defense. MDA has some directed energy work
currently, and more proposed in FY16, but myself and others in Congress believe
we must prioritize our investments in directed energy if we want to
stay ahead of the competition and bend the cost curve. Directed energy
can be used as a sensor, but also hopefully, eventually, as a means of
intercept. Other emerging technologies also need to be invested in,
such as railgun.
Underlying all of these areas of focus is one
obvious need: increased funding. The increases this year for
ground-based missile defense are good, but far from sufficient. The Budget
Control Act is partly to blame, as it imposed the spending caps and
sequestration. I voted against that deal and I am actively advocating in
Congress to get rid of it. But this is only one part of the missile
defense funding challenge. The other part, frankly, seems to be the
priorities of this administration. This administration has been consistently
whittling away at the missile defense budget. After then-Secretary of
Defense Chuck Hagel announced the increased number of GBIs in
Alaska, the next budget request actually was lower for missile defense. The
pace and seriousness of the threat seems to have brought increased
policy support for missile defense, but the funding is still below what
it ought to be. This year the Presidents budget request went up by
roughly $600 million, but it is still $1.2 billion below the last year of
the Bush Administration. And the out-years for this years budget
request would cut missile defense funding to a record low even for this
administration.
So, Im obviously concerned about missile
defense funding. Yes, we need to address the budget caps and
sequestration, but this is primarily a question of priority of this administration.
We are entering a new missile age and robust missile defenses are a
must. Missile defense is vitally important and is a mission that cannot
fail. I will continue to work with my colleagues in Congress to
promote a strong level of funding for missile defense and I hope that the
administration will promote a strong funding level for missile defense
as
well.
SETTING THE STAGE FOR A
LONG-TERM INFRASTRUCTURE
SOLUTION
I supported H.R. 2352, the Highway and
Transportation Funding Act of 2015. This bill extends the Highway Trust Fund
through July 31, 2015 allowing projects around the country to
continue uninterrupted while Congress finalizes a long-term and fiscally
sustainable solution to our infrastructure needs. I will not support a
mechanism that raises taxes to achieve this goal. Many intriguing
conservative possibilities exist and I look forward to this
debate.
KEEPING AMERICA COMPETITIVE IN STEM
AREAS
It is very important for the
future of America that we remain competitive and one of the world
leaders in the fields of Science, Technology, Engineering, and Mathematics
(STEM). That's why I support H.R. 1806, the America COMPETES
Reauthorization Act and H.R. 880, the American Research and Competitiveness
Act. H.R. 1806 will prioritize funding for research that ensures future
U.S. competitiveness and spurs innovation in the private technology
sector. H.R. 880 will simplify research and development tax credits
providing certainty for businesses, allowing them to invest, innovate, and
create more jobs here in
America.
Additionally, I supported H.R. 2262, the Spurring Private Aerospace
Competitiveness and Entrepreneurship (SPACE) Act. This bill is geared
towards implementing a pro-growth environment in which the commercial
space industry will be allowed to grow and invest this next phase of
the final
frontier.
Interesting Articles and Recommended
Reading
The Hill Op-Ed: Time to get serious about space
threats
by Congressman Doug Lamborn
Illinois passes
historic anti-BDS bill, as Congress mulls similar
moves
by The Washington Post **article features Congressman
Lamborn**
The mystery behind the Air Forces classified space
plane
by The Washington Post **article features Congressman
Lamborn**
House defies Obama veto threat, approves $612B
defense bill
by The Hill **article features Congressman
Lamborn**
When did America forget that it's
America?
by Natan Sharansky
Social
Media Update
If you would like to follow me on twitter please find me at
@RepDLamborn
On
my Facebook
this
week constituents shared their thanks to our brave men and women on Armed Forces
Day:
Debbie
Wren
-
Thank you all. God bless
you.
Donna Eldridge
-
Heartfelt thanks to each and every one of you. May God bless and
your life with His love. Standing in honor of your
service.
Karen Devarose
-
We are so thankful for all our military and their
families.
CONTACT INFORMATION
WASHINGTON OFFICE
2402
Rayburn HOB |
Washington, DC 20515
Phone: (202) 225-4422
Fax: (202) 226-2638
DISTRICT OFFICES 1125 Kelly Johnson Blvd., Suite 330
Colorado Springs, CO 80920
Phone: (719)
520-0055 |
Fax: (719) 520-0840
DISTRICT
OFFICES
415 Main Street |
Buena
Vista, CO 81211
Phone: (719) 520-0055 |
Fax: (719) 520-0840
Update My
Profile
-
Unsubscribe
-
Privacy
Policy
