
Website
|
About
|
Contact Me
|
Serving You
|
Media Center
|
Legislative Work
|
Our District
|
Resources
June 5, 2015
The Scalise Capitol Report
In The News
Steve Gleason bill one step closer to President Obama's desk
Quin Hillyer: U.S. House Majority Whip Steve Scalise, U.S. Senator David Vitter are working to help disabled
EPA: Fracking hasn't caused widespread harm to drinking water
Guess What? The EPA Says Fracking Does Not Harm Drinking Water
Revitalizing American Trade
American trade is critical to giving American workers a competitive advantage over foreign countries as we compete in a global economy. In Congress we have been working towards Trade Promotion Authority (TPA), which sets the parameters that the President must follow in order to enter in to trade negotiations with other countries. I would like to lay out the facts on TPA and discuss what it means for Louisiana. Our state is a hub for global trade. Last year, Louisiana exported $65.1 billion in goods$25 billion of that alone came in the form of petroleum and other energy products. Trade supports more than 170,000 good-paying jobs in our state. At a time when hard-working families are plagued by stagnant wages, trade-supported jobs pay nearly 20 percent more than other jobs. We must keep this momentum going and create even more Louisiana jobs by expanding opportunities abroad for our state's workers and businesses. TPA will make these opportunities a reality.
Click above to watch me share why TPA is important for U.S. competitiveness and jobs
TPA will allow America to negotiate a level playing field for U.S. companies to compete internationally. Foreign countries do not have trouble getting access to sell their products in our country. But our job-creators in America have a hard time accessing markets to sell American products in countries where we dont have trade agreements. And thats the importance of what TPA means for American companies and American workers. Additionally, TPA holds the President accountable during these negotiations and shines the light of transparency on this Administration by requiring any trade agreement to be made public for 60 days before the President can even send it to Congress. Then, after that 60-day review period, Congress will have complete veto power over any final agreement if it does not meet the requirements we laid out in the law. TPA gives Congress strong checks and balances over this Administration, while also allowing us to negotiate trade agreements with other countries so American workers can have a competitive advantage to make and sell products overseas and create more good jobs here at home.
Discussing House efforts to pass TPA with the National Small Business Association
Approving The Steve Gleason Act
The U.S. House Committee on Ways and Means has unanimously approved the Steve Gleason Act. The Steve Gleason Act of 2015 is named in honor of the Team Gleason founder and former New Orleans Saints player diagnosed with amyotrophic lateral sclerosis (ALS). Senator Vitter's bill, which I am proud to be championing through the House, would create reforms to provide more independence and hope to those with debilitating diseases and conditions, such as ALS, Parkinsons, as well as those with traumatic brain injuries.
Watch Chairman Ryan speak in support of the Steve Gleason Act by clicking on the photo above
Every voice deserves to be heard, no matter the challenges they face. Speech-generating devices provide those with debilitating diseases the freedom to communicate with loved ones and doctors, to live more independent lives, and to inspire others to never give up. Unanimous approval of the Steve Gleason Act by Ways and Means brings this bipartisan bill one step closer to becoming law, and I applaud the Ways and Means Committee, under the leadership of Chairman Paul Ryan, for passing this important policy for those that refuse to be defined by their disability. I will continue working hard in the House to ensure its passage and get the Steve Gleason Act signed into law.
Fueling Innovation
The House has passed the 2016 Commerce, Justice, and Science (CJS) Appropriations bill, which will provide necessary funding to our law enforcement officials and also fuel innovation across our nation. By setting clear priorities, this fiscally responsible bill eliminates 34 unnecessary and duplicative government programs to generate $400 million in taxpayer savings, while ensuring that our law enforcement officers have the tools they need to protect our families, property, and communities from criminals and terrorists across the nation. This legislation also fuels innovation by making scientific research a top priority, ensuring that America remains the worlds innovation leader, and putting Americans first in line for the jobs of tomorrow. It prohibits the reckless transfer or release of terrorist detainees from Guantanamo Bay into the United States. The CJS bill will make America safer and will further solidify our countrys place as a global leader in innovation and research.
It is an honor to represent you in Congress. For more information please visit my
website ,
Twitter ,
Instagram , and
Facebook
pages.
God Bless,
Steve Scalise
House Majority Whip
WEBSITE
|
UNSUBSCRIBE
|
CONTACT
Washington DC Office
2338 Rayburn HOB
Washington, DC 20515
Phone: (202) 225-3015
Houma Office
8026 Main Street
Suite 700
Houma, LA 70360
Phone: (985) 879-2300
Metairie Office
110 Veterans Boulevard
Suite 500
Metairie, LA 70005
Phone: (504) 837-1259
Mandeville Office
21454 Koop Drive
Suite 1E
Mandeville, LA 70471
Phone: (985) 893-9064
Hammond Office
1514 Martens Drive
Suite 10
Hammond, LA 70401
Phone: (985) 340-2185
Click Here Click Here