
[if (gte mso 9)]>
<![endif]
Rep. Bob Goodlatte
Judiciary Committee Launches Criminal Justice Reform Initiative
In recent years, there have been increasing calls for
Congress to reform the criminal justice system. The House Judiciary Committee, which I chair, is undertaking an initiative to address a variety of
criminal justice issues, including over-criminalization, sentencing reform, prison and reentry reform, protecting citizens through improved criminal
procedures and policing strategies, and civil asset forfeiture reform. The Committee&rsquo;s initiative will pursue responsible, common sense reforms
to make sure our federal laws and regulations punish wrongdoers, protect individual freedom, work as efficiently and fairly as possible, do not
duplicate state efforts, and do not waste taxpayer dollars.
Criminal justice is about punishing law-breakers, protecting the innocent, and
the fair administration of justice. Those who commit violent crimes, like the young man who murdered nine innocent people last week in Charleston,
must be brought to justice and prosecuted to the fullest extent of the law. Congress has the responsibility to ensure that our criminal justice system
delivers appropriate and effective justice.
This week, the Judiciary Committee will hear from any Member of the House of Representatives who has an idea to improve our
nation&rsquo;s criminal justice system. The listening session will take place on Thursday, June 25, at 10AM, and can be
viewed live online.
I look forward to identifying necessary improvements to the criminal justice
system, and advancing strong, bipartisan solutions as a result of this initiative. We need a criminal justice system that best reflects core American
values and works for America.
Sincerely,
www.Goodlatte.House.Gov
This message was
generated from an unattended mailbox.
Should you have further questions, please visit the &quot; Contact Bob &quot;
section of my website or call my office at (202) 225-5431.
This message was intended for:
dj724530@gmail.com
You were added to the system November 2, 2013.
For more information
click here .
Update your preferences
Unsubscribe
|
Unsubscribe via email
