
Economic Freedom is the Right Path Forward, as House Moves Trade Rules
The U.S. House of Representatives voted to pass Trade Promotion Authority (TPA)
rules where Congress -- not this White House or the next -- sets the trade rules and ensures that the United States secures the most effective trade agreements possible.
I voted for more economic freedom for Americans and more jobs for Texas. This bill muscles up the constitutional authority of Congress and advances the economic principles of Ronald Reagan, while rejecting the doctrine that Washington and special interests should control how Americans buy, sell and compete around the world. Watch
our video clea ring up the misconceptions by clicking
here .
House Provides Vital Funds to Countrys Decaying Infrastructure
Recently, The U.S. House passed infrastructure funding that is necessary to a healthy economy. It's critical
we make sure our nations roads, skies, and ports keep America competitive by keeping our goods safely moving across the country and around the world.
The House's annual infrastructure bill is efficient and $9.7 billion below the Presidents budget request.
House To Repeal the President's Unelected Rationing Board
As we await the Supreme Court's decision that could free Texas and three dozen other states from the President's controversial health insurance law, two more Affordable Care Act aka ObamaCare repeal bills are getting votes in the House.
We have al ready
repealed the
harmful tax on life-saving and sustaining medical devices such as pacemakers, MRIs, artificial joints, and heart valves.
Soon we will vote on another
bill to
end a rationing board that would let 15 unelected bureaucrats refuse to pay local doctors and hospitals for needed medical treatments for our seniors.
America doesn't need more taxes that stifle medical discoveries and threaten almost 40,000 good American jobs nor an Independent Payment Advisory Board to ration health care.
2015 Congressional Baseball
Since 1919, Republicans and Democrats have swung their bats hard for charity. Last week, the annual congressional baseball game was held at the Washington Nationals ballpark. As co-captain and designa ted hitte r
for the
GOP,
I went 2
for 3
in a Colt .45 replica uniform.
2015 Military Service Academy Send Off Breakfast
On Saturday, June 13, local military academy graduates helped me send off 9 outstanding new cadets and midshipmen to the Air Force, Navy and U.S. Military Academies. You can watch the video of their advice to our future leaders by clicking
here .
Thank you to our Academy selection board and our appointees (pictured above) Read more about the 2015 Academy Send Off Breakfast and the nine future military leaders from our congressional district in the
Courier of Montgomery County
&amp;
Woodlands Online
by clicking on the links above.
Local High School Students drop in on their congressman at The U.S. Capitol this Week
Pictured above are students from The Woodlands College Park High School who joined Congressman Brady on the U.S. Capitol steps. Pictured below are local students from the Texas Rural Electric Cooperative Youth Tour. The best part of summer sessions is having the youth groups drop by and share their ideas.
It's Hurricane Season
Tropical Storm Bill
r eminded us all that being prepared is so important in Hurricane Season. Click on the picture above for more information on how to be prepared.
NOTE: Please DO NOT respond to this email as this inbox is unattended. To contact my office please
click here
Connect:
WASHINGTON, D.C. OFFICE
301 Cannon H.O.B.
Washington, DC 20515
P:
(202) 225-4901
F:
(202) 225-5524
CONROE DISTRICT OFFICE
200 River Pointe, Ste 304
Conroe, TX 77304
Phone: (936)441-5700
Fax: (936)441-5757
HUNTSVILLE DISTRICT OFFICE
1300 11th Street, Suite 400
Huntsville, TX 77340
Phone: (936)439-9532
Fax: (936)439-9546
UNSUBSCRIBE
|
PRIVACY POLICY
|
CONTACT US
Click Here Click Here