
E-news Sign-up
Monday June 15, 2015
CONTACT STEVEN
Standing for American Leadership
Trade Promotion Authority
Last week
we faced a choice between standing with our allies to lead on free trade or retreating from the world stage. Free and fair trade is and has always been a conservative principle, and the United States can either be the worlds leader in trading with our partners across the globe or allow countries like China and Russia to take the mantle of global leadership from us.
With my
vote in support of TPA, I chose American leadership.
Like many Americans, I do not trust this President.
That is exactly why having Trade Promotion Authority (TPA) is so important. Without TPA, the President can negotiate in secret however he pleases.
However, with TPA in place, Congress sets the objectives of the negotiation, Congress votes on future trade deals, and Congress can block a bad deal if the President makes one.
If the president does not fully comply with the standards we set, Congress has the power to kill the agreement on the spot.
TPA also gives the American people a voice in any trade deal. The public will have access to the final document of any free trade agreement for at least 60 days. In Mississippi, our manufacturers support TPA, our three Mississippi ports support it, our shipbuilders support it, and our business leaders support it.
Make no mistake, my vote for TPA is in no way a vote to pass TPP or any other trade deal.
I will fully review any trade agreement before making a decision to either support or oppose it, and I will not vote for any agreement that would be bad for the United States or South Mississippi.
Unfortunately, Nancy Pelosi and her liberal allies used procedural tricks to bring down the TPA for now. She worked to defeat her own president at the behest of her union bosses and played to the fear and outright falsehoods being spread by some in the media. I hope over the coming days the president can convince his former allies to change their opinion because having TPA in place will ensure that the United States remains the world leader in free and fair trade.
Many local organizations strongly supported Trade Promotion Authority including:
Area Development Partnership of Hattiesburg ,
Gulf Coast Business Council ,
Gulfport-Biloxi International Airport ,
Hancock County Port &amp; Harbor Commission ,
Mississippi Economic Council ,
Mississippi Manufacturers Association ,
Port of Gulfport ,
Port of Pascagoula ,
Hancock Chamber ,
Mississippi Farm Bureau .
National Guardsman to be Buried at Arlington National Cemetery
I was pleased
with
the Armys announcement last week to reverse an earlier decision denying burial at Arlington for Staff Sergeant Thomas Florich.
SSGT Thomas Florich was killed during a training accident on March 11, 2015 along with ten other service members. Current policy prohibits burial at Arlington National Cemetery for national guardsmen unless serving on active duty; however, the Secretary of the Army has the authority to provide a waiver to the policy. Last week the Army announced such a waiver would be granted to SSGT Florich.
As a member of the Mississippi National Guard and Co-Chairman of the Congressional National Guard Caucus I don't believe there should be any discrimination between a Guardsman or active service member who pays the ultimate sacrifice in defense of our nation.
I am grateful that the U.S. Army reconsidered the circumstances surrounding Staff Sergeant Florichs sacrifice, and will now allow for him to be laid to rest in the hallowed grounds at Arlington.
Shipbuilding Program
Last week
I spoke on the House floor in support of our Navy shipbuilding program .
The United States Navy and Marine Corps are the nations forward deployed fast response force in times of crisis. However, a s
a result of declining resources the Navy has struggled to reach its own stated fleet size of 306
ships.
A not insignificant portion of this fleet consists of amphibious ships to support the requirements of the Marine Corps.
The current number of amphibious ships in the fleet does not meet validated national requirements to accomplish the tasks the Marines are responsible to carry out in time of war or national emergency. This is the very Marine Corps that is tasked to be the most ready when our nation is the least ready.
I'll continue working with my colleagues in the House to get our Navy's shipbuilding program back on track.
As always, if we can be of any assistance please call or visit my office. For more updates I encourage you to connect with me on
facebook ,
t witter , or by visiting my
website .
I'm also now on
instagram
and invite you to follow my updates and posts from there as well!
In your service,
Steven M. Palazzo
NOTE: Please DO NOT respond to this email as this inbox is unattended. To contact my office please
click here
UNSUBSCRIBE
|
PRIVACY POLICY
|
CONTACT US
Click Here Click Here