
[if (gte mso 9)]>
<![endif]
Rep. Bob Goodlatte
A Message to Our Graduates: It's Just the Beginning
The familiar
tune of
Pomp and Circumstance
has been playing on loop at colleges and high schools throughout the area. As the school year has drawn to a
close over the last several weeks, newly minted high school and college graduates have donned their caps and gowns to receive a diploma marking their
achievements. Friends and families have gathered to celebrate and wish them well. I join in the chorus of those offering congratulations and well
wishes.
While many graduates may think of this as the end of a chapter,
it is really just the start of the journey -- a launching point, if you will. In fact the word commencement, the ceremony that celebrates this
achievement, comes from the Latin &ldquo;to begin.&rdquo;
Graduation is a time to reflect on hard-earned accomplishments, but also a day for
graduates to remember how important it is to keep seeking new opportunities. The opportunities presented by our nation are endless. The United States
is a place where men and women who work hard can make it to the top, and there are a variety of paths you can take to get there. Owning a home,
seeking higher education, performing groundbreaking research, inventing the technology that will power tomorrow, starting a business or, perhaps,
continuing the tradition of a family business, are all real possibilities.
Congratulations to the Class of 2015!
Thank
you to the family members, educators, and communities who have provided priceless support and guidance along the way. Whether your next step is
entering the workforce, serving in the military, or heading back to school, it&rsquo;s just the beginning. The road ahead is filled with opportunity,
and it&rsquo;s up to you to decide what you will do.
Click here to
read my full weekly column.
Top to Bottom: It was
great to meet with folks from JMU to hear more about the Valley Scholars Program; At my community luncheon in Roanoke: Thank you to Feeding America
SWVA for this great photo of my last visit to their facility; Several Virginia dairy farmers stopped by to discuss agriculture issues.
House Judiciary Committee Approves the Innovation
Act
On
Thursday, the Judiciary Committee
approved my bill , the
Innovation Act
(H.R. 9), by a strong, bipartisan vote. Abusive patent litigation is a drag on our economy and stifles innovation. The
Innovation Act
takes the necessary steps to address this problem, while protecting
legitimate property rights and strengthening the overall
patent system. I
look forward to the full House of Representatives taking it up for a
vote soon.
Here's a video
that explains the bill in more detail.
Weekend Read:
Good News for Jobs in
Warren County!
Read More.
House Votes on Trade Promotion Authority (TPA)
Today, I voted in support of
Trade Promotion Authority
(TPA) in
the House of Representatives.
To be clear,
TPA is not a trade agreement.
The text of TPA is also
publicly available online . In the simplest of terms, TPA gives
Congress more oversight of future trade agreements. It does not cede American sovereignty nor does it give more power to the President.
Click here to read more
on the common misconceptions about TPA.
Free trade is about bringing much needed economic benefits to the U.S. by creating jobs and boosting the economy, while TPA puts strong checks and
balances in place to guarantee the American public has transparency and oversight of the process.
#
# #
www.Goodlatte.House.Gov
This message was
generated from an unattended mailbox.
Should you have further questions, please visit the &quot; Contact Bob &quot;
section of my website or call my office at (202) 225-5431.
This message was intended for:
dj724530@gmail.com
You were added to the system November 2, 2013.
For more information
click here .
Update your preferences
Unsubscribe
|
Unsubscribe via email
