
If you are having
trouble viewing this message or would like to share it on a social network,
you can
view the message
online .
HOME
NEWS
SERVICES
LEGISLATION
CONTACT
May 18, 2015
Empowering Patients First Act
Last week, I introduced H.R. 2300, the Empowering Patients First
Act
legislation that fully repeals Obamacare and starts over with
patient-centered solutions. Under Obamacare, the American people are
paying more for health care and getting less
less access, less quality,
and fewer choices.
The status quo and its
defenders are empowering Washington and harming patients and doctors.
With real, patient-centered reforms we can build a more innovative and
responsive health care system
one that empowers patients and ensures
they and their doctor have the freedom to make health care decisions
without bureaucratic interference or influence.
The Empowering Patients First Act puts patients, families
and doctors in charge by focusing on the principles of affordability,
accessibility, quality, innovation, choices and
responsiveness.
Those principles form the foundation of the
solutions in H.R. 2300
solutions including individual health pools and
expanded health savings accounts, tax credits for the purchase of coverage
and lawsuit abuse reforms to reduce the costly practice of defensive
medicine. The solutions in the Empowering Patients First Act will get
Washington out of the way while protecting and strengthening the
doctor-patient relationship.
For the complete
text of the Empowering Patients First Act,
click
here.
For a section-by-section description of the
legislation,
click here.
Strengthening Our National
Security
On Friday, the House adopted a
defense authorization bill for 2016 that reflects both the complex
national security challenges facing our nation and our commitment to those
brave men and women who defend our freedom. This legislation
responsibly provides needed resources for our military and their families. It
reinforces our mission to defeat terrorists like ISIS and defend against
threats to America and our interests around the world. It improves
troop benefits and retirement while also ensuring returning
servicemembers do not face bureaucratic barriers to quality health care.
It was disappointing to see so many of our
Democrat colleagues oppose this legislation in order to defend President
Obama and his irresponsible effort to leverage a debate over our
national defense to advance a radical political agenda. That should never
be the case as Congress fulfills its foremost responsibility
providing for the common defense.
House Passes Strong Sanctions Against
Hezbollah
On Thursday, I was proud to co-sponsor
and vote in favor of bipartisan, common sense legislation that gives the
United States the ability to strike at the heart of Hezbollahs
financing and logistics activities. Their ability to fund and support
Islamic terror cells throughout the world would be severely reduced. By
putting pressure on this terrorist group, America, Israel, and our allies
will be safer.
Please Feel Free to Tell a
Friend E-mail:
E-mail: E-mail:
Share on Facebook Share on Twitter
Washington DC
Office
100 Cannon House
Office Building
Washington DC
20515
Phone: 202-225-4501
Fax: 202-225-4656
District
Office:
85-C Mill Street,
Suite 300
Roswell, GA 30075
Phone: 770-998-0049
Fax: 770-998-0050
Internet:
Web:
http://tomprice.house.gov
E-mail:
E-mail Tom by clicking here
Unsubscribe
|
Update My Profile
|
Privacy Policy
gateway mail end
