 Festival, which I presented to the organizers on Sunday.
D.C. Flag Day Festival organizers have invented an important occasion to embolden our determination for self-government, voting rights, and statehood for the more than 650,000 taxpaying American citizens who live in the nations capital.
Marching for Equality in 40th Capital Pride Parade
I was proud as always to join our LGBT community to march again in this years Capital Pride Parade , a real spectacular not to be missed.
June is Gay Pride Month, and this June we have high hopes for a historic decision from the U.S. Supreme Court on same-sex marriage.
As we saw all this weekend in the nations capital, love is love !
Gearing Up to Defend D.C.s Local Laws as D.C. Appropriation Bill Introduced
Last week, the House Financial Services and General Government Appropriations Subcommittee released its draft fiscal year 2016 District of Columbia Appropriations bill.
The bill is mostly unchanged from the Houses draft bill last year, but I am preparing for a fierce fight in committee and on the House floor to defend D.C.s right to self-government.
My major funding goal is to restore full funding for the D.C. Tuition Assistance Grant Program (DCTAG), which, like last year in the House, was cut in half.
I was able to get the funding restored last year in the Democratic Senate, but I have had to change strategy because the Senate is now Republican-controlled.
There is some good news in the bill, particularly the preservation of the D.C. budget autonomy referendum, no new means testing for DCTAG, and an exemption for the D.C. government from shutdowns in fiscal year 2017.
I am pleased the bill does not contain any new anti-home-rule riders, but more may well come, and we still have to continue to fight hard to remove the riders that prohibit D.C. from using its fiscal year 2016 local funds on abortion services for low-income women and on legalizing the sale of marijuana.
The bill is set to be marked up by the full Appropriations Committee this Wednesday, June 17.
If there are anti-home-rule riders when the bill moves to the House floor, I will go to the floor to force a vote on each and one.
Members must not get a free pass for undermining democracy in D.C.
Introducing a Bill to Provide Federal Workers Short-Term Insurance Covering Pregnancies and Disabilities
Last week, I introduced a bill to help provide some financial relief at no cost to the federal government to federal employees who suffer a short-term injury, disability, become pregnant, or develop a pregnancy-related illness .
The disability insurance benefits would replace a portion of their lost income for up to one year.
Employees would be responsible for 100 percent of their insurance premiums.
The bill requires participating insurance companies to cover employees regardless of preexisting conditions.
My bill would provide the first government paid maternity leave.
Too many federal employees do not take advantage of the up to 12 weeks of unpaid maternity leave provided by the Family and Medical Leave Act because they have no way to replace the lost income.
Until we are able to convince Congress to follow countries across the world that already provide paid maternity leave, my bill will help federal employees get some paid maternity leave at no cost to the federal government if they choose.
Launching New DC Circulator National Mall Route
Last week, I joined officials in commemorating the launch of the new DC Circulator National Mall route.
The service, which will run every ten minutes and began on Sunday, costs $1 to hop on and hop off for a two-hour time window to go to neighboring Mall sites.
The route is a loop that originates from Union Station, providing service to 15 stops along the National Mall, including the major memorials, the Tidal Basin, Smithsonian museums, and the U.S. Capitol.
This route gives residents and tourists unique low-cost public transit access to every major landmark on the National Mall.
In addition, it is expected to bring $7 million in revenue to the D.C. government.
For more information, visit: http://nationalmall.dccirculator.com/
doctype html
Congresswoman Nortons e-Newsletter
June 15, 2015
Rallying for Statehood on D.C. Flag Day!
To celebrate D.C. Flag Day, I joined residents at Dupont Circle on June 14 for the fourth annual D.C. Flag Day Festival.
District of Columbia residents founded D.C. Flag Day in 2011, and this year made it a two-day festival (6/13-6/14) to press for equal rights and statehood.
The festival had music, games, food, and even a D.C. flag tattoo contest!
Great thanks to the D.C.
Flag Festivals organizers.
Many thanks as well to Adam Eidinger for his two-day liberty pole vigil at Dupont Circle, which included all of Saturday night.
Ahead of the weekend,
I introduced a Congressional Record statement asking
my colleagues to join me in celebrating the D.C. Flag Day
Festival ,
which I presented to the organizers on Sunday.
D.C. Flag Day Festival organizers have invented an important occasion to embolden our determination for self-government, voting rights, and statehood for the more than 650,000 taxpaying American citizens who
live in the nations capital.
Marching for Equality in 40 th
Capital Pride Parade
I was proud as always to join our LGBT community to
march again in this years Capital Pride Parade , a real spectacular not to be missed.
June is Gay Pride Month, and this June we have high hopes for a historic decision from the U.S. Supreme Court on same-sex marriage.
As we saw all this weekend in the
nations capital,
love is love !
Gearing Up to Defend D.C.s Local Laws as D.C. Appropriation Bill Introduced
Last
week, the House Financial Services and General Government Appropriations Subcommittee released its draft fiscal year 2016 District of Columbia Appropriations bill.
The bill is
mostly unchanged from the Houses draft bill last year, but I am preparing for a fierce fight in committee and on the House floor to defend D.C.s right to self-government.
My major funding goal is to restore full funding for the D.C. Tuition Assistance Grant
Program (DCTAG), which, like last year in the House, was cut in half.
I was able to get the funding restored last year in the Democratic Senate, but I have had to change strategy because the Senate is now Republican-controlled.
There is some good news in
the bill, particularly the preservation of the D.C. budget autonomy referendum, no new means testing for DCTAG, and an exemption for the D.C. government from shutdowns in fiscal year 2017.
I am pleased the bill does not contain any new anti-home-rule riders,
but more may well come, and we still have to continue to fight hard to remove the riders that prohibit D.C. from using its fiscal year 2016 local funds on abortion services for low-income women and on legalizing the sale of marijuana.
The bill is set to be
marked up by the full Appropriations Committee this Wednesday, June 17.
If there are anti-home-rule riders when the bill moves to the House floor, I will go to the floor to force a vote on each and one.
Members must not get a free pass for undermining democracy
in D.C.
Introducing a Bill to Provide Federal Workers Short-Term Insurance Covering Pregnancies and Disabilities
Last week,
I introduced a bill to help provide some financial
relief at no cost to the federal government to federal employees who suffer a short-term injury, disability, become pregnant, or develop a pregnancy-related illness .
The disability
insurance benefits would replace a portion of their lost income for up to one year.
Employees would be responsible for 100 percent of their insurance premiums.
The bill requires participating insurance companies to cover employees regardless of preexisting
conditions.
My bill would provide the first government paid maternity leave.
Too many federal employees do not take advantage of the up to 12 weeks of unpaid maternity leave provided by the Family and Medical Leave Act because they have no way to replace
the lost income.
Until we are able to convince Congress to follow countries across the world that already provide paid maternity leave, my bill will help federal employees get some paid maternity leave at no cost to the federal government if they choose.
Launching New DC Circulator National Mall Route
Last week,
I joined officials in commemorating the launch of
the new DC Circulator National Mall route.
The service, which will run every ten minutes and began on Sunday, costs $1 to hop on and hop off for a two-hour time window to go
to neighboring Mall sites.
The route is a loop that originates from Union Station, providing service to 15 stops along the National Mall, including the major memorials, the Tidal Basin, Smithsonian museums, and the U.S. Capitol.
This route gives residents
and tourists unique low-cost public transit access to every major landmark on the National Mall.
In addition, it is expected to bring $7 million in revenue to the D.C. government.
For more information, visit:
http://nationalmall.dccirculator.com/
Thanks for subscribing!
Follow Congresswoman Norton on
Facebook ,
Twitter ,
Instagram ,
YouTube , or her
website
for more updates.
Capitol Hill Office
2136 Rayburn HOB
Washington, D.C. 20515
Phone: (202) 225-8050
Fax: (202) 225-3002
S.E. District Office
2041 Martin Luther King Jr. Ave., S.E.
Washington, D.C. 20020
Phone: (202) 678-8900
Fax: (202) 678-8844
Main District Office
90 K Street, N.E., Suite 100
Washington DC 20001
Phone: (202) 408-9041
Fax: (202) 408-9048
To unsubscribe from our list, please click here .
