
Having trouble reading this email?
Click here
to view in your browser.
Website
|
About Phil
|
First District
|
Constituent Services
|
Newsroom
|
Issues
|
Legislation
|
Contact Me
Memorial Day
On Monday, the nation paused to remember all who made the ultimate sacrifice in the name of freedom. These brave men and women
and their families
are always in my prayers, especially on Memorial Day, but we shouldnt set aside just one day to give thanks to those who make sacrifices for our country. We should remember and honor our fallen, our veterans and our active duty servicemembers each and every day.
Since coming to Congress in 2009, Ive had the privilege of serving on the House Committee on Veterans Affairs, where I work on behalf of veterans in East Tennessee and across the nation. My efforts over the last year, unfortunately, have been focused on getting to the bottom of the VA scandalsomething that shouldnt have ever happened.
Since news broke that some veterans might have died waiting for care, my frustration and outrage with the VA has grown. This abysmal treatment of our nations heroes cannot continue, and I was proud House Speaker John Boehner (R-OH) called attention to the need for more reform at the VA last week. The speaker rightfully pointed out that only one person has been fired for their role in the waitlist scandal and that, despite receiving billions of dollars from Congress, patient wait times have not improved since the issue first came to light. This is outrageous and shameful, and we absolutely must do better. Small changes have been made, but the VA health system needs a complete overhaul.
We began this work last Congress with Veterans Access, Choice and Accountability Act, which I was proud to support. This bill provided funding for the VA to hire more staff and created the Veterans Choice program, both of which are steps in the right direction. The Veterans Choice program has the potential to improve the care that is available to veterans by introducing competition into the VA system. It provides $10 billion for veterans who have waited for more than 30 days to see a doctor or live more than 40 miles from a VA facility to seek care outside the VA system. The same bill that funded the Choice program also included $5 billion in funding for the VA to hire more medical support staff, including doctors, so the VA should have funding available to meet their personnel needs.
On May 13, I participated in a VA Committee hearing where we examined the progress of the Choice program and looked at how the VA can better reach eligible veterans. I am committed to continuing the push for systematic changes in the VA health system while ensuring the veterans that have immediate needs receive the care they earned and deserve. Its very important that Congress continue to provide oversight to the VA to ensure they are using resources wisely and running health centers around the country efficiently.
Its no secret the VA is broken; its past time to fix it. Memorial Day is a reminder of the ultimate sacrifice that many have made for our nation. We should honor them and remember their families in our prayers, and we should make it a point to do better for our returning servicemembers and veterans.
Feel free to contact my office if we can be of assistance to you or your family. Our contact information can be found on our website,
www.roe.house.gov .
CONNECT WITH US
E-News Sign-up
Forward to a Friend
Contact Phil
Washington, DC Office
407 Cannon House Office Bldg
Washington, DC 20515
Phone: (202) 225-6356
Fax: (202) 225-5714
Kingsport Office
205 Revere Street
Kingsport, TN 37660
Phone:(423) 247-8161
Fax:(423) 247-0119
Morristown Office
1609 Walters State CC Drive, Suite 4
Morristown, TN 37813
Phone:(423) 254-1400
Fax:(423) 254-1403
Click Here Click Here