
Saturday, May 16, 2015
Meet the two little girls who helped inspire a big initiative
Dear Friend,
I can and I will is the motto of Brooke and Brielle Kennedy, who live in Mattawan, Michigan. They are battling Spinal Muscular Atrophy (SMA), a rare disease that destroys the nerves controlling voluntary muscle movement. They were diagnosed with SMA Type II shortly after their births. Their whole lives have been a constant battle with trial treatments and drugs, physical therapy, rehabilitation, and the many daily struggles SMA brings.
Through it all, Brooke and Brielle - and their determined parents Sarah and Eric
- have faced these challenges with bravery, optimism, and infectious smiles. They have a presence that is indescribable. Their cheerfulness and determination compelled me to do all I could do help.
I first met Brooke and Brielle, or Cinderella and Sleeping Beauty as they are sometimes called, in 2011 and was told of their story battling SMA. With the help of their parents I was given a firsthand look at the challenges facing families with loved ones suffering from rare diseases.
Clinical trials
take time and money, research funding is low, the approval process for treatments is slow and inefficient, and the rarity of diseases like SMA means there are very few people to test potential cures. But mostly, there is a lot of frustration and not a lot of hope.
Thats where Brooke and Brielle come in. They are powerful voices that helped me and the Energy and Commerce Committee get the National Pediatric Research Network Act signed into law in November 2013 following a multi-year and
multi-Congress effort . That was just the beginning.
With the help of the Kennedys and many other patient advocates, researchers, and health care innovators, the 21 st
Century Cures initiative continues to bring hope to those dealing with the thousands of diseases without cures. For the past year, we have been gathering information on how Congress can speed up the approval process for treatments and cures, expand medical research, encourage innovation, and ultimately save more lives.
We plan to have legislation to accelerate cures and treatments for diseases on the presidents desk by the end of this year. This legislation will have the potential to change not only Brooke and Brielles lives, but also the lives of many other patients and families across America. Brooke and Brielle may be little, but they have had a big impact on Congress and have inspired hope for so many.
Brooke and Brielle are two of the brightest stars I know. We have the chance to do something big, and this is our time. And it is Brooke and Brielles time.
To learn more about Brooke and Brielle, please click
here .
To learn more about the 21 st
Century Cures effort, please click
here .
God Bless,
-Fred
Fred Upton
Member of Congress
Washington, DC Office
2183 Rayburn House Office Bldg
Washington, DC 20515
T: (202) 225-3761 | F: (202) 225-4986
St. Joseph/Benton Harbor District Office
720 Main Street
St. Joseph, MI 49085
T: (269) 982-1986 | F: (269) 982-0237
Kalamazoo District Office
157 South Kalamazoo Mall, Suite 180
Kalamazoo, MI 49007
T: (269) 385-0039 | F: (269) 385-2888
WEBSITE
|
UNSUBSCRIBE
|
CONTACT
Click Here Click Here