
FOR IMMEDIATE RELEASE
MEDIA CONTACT:
Brittany Martinez at (202) 225-2778 or
Curbelopress@mail.house.gov
WEBSITE
|
FORWARD TO A FRIEND
| SHARE ON:
Rep. Curbelo and Colleagues Introduce Resolution to Condemn Boycotts of Israeli Academic Institutions
Washington, D.C.
Today, Reps. Curbelo (FL-26), Bonamici (OR-01), Stefanik (NY-21), Boyle (PA-13), Lamborn (CO-05), and Higgins (NY-26) introduced H. Res. 318, to condemn policies that call for a boycott of Israeli academic institutions or scholars by institutions of higher learning or scholarly associations.
The Boycott, Divestment, and Sanctions (BDS) movement on college campuses has unfairly singled out Israel, our closest friend and ally in the extremely volatile Middle East. Academic boycotts eliminate the possibility of open exchanges of ideas, and it is time for Congress to take notice and make a statement in support of academic freedom. American institutions must be able to engage in academic exchange with Israeli institutions, and I am grateful for the support of my colleagues who are committed to helping this important resolution move forward.
All those involved in the higher education system profit from the exchange of varying views and ideas. University leaders have recently observed a decline in joint scientific research with global companies over concern that their combined results would be boycotted. This example is one of many that illustrate the repercussions of the BDS campaign. To stifle respectful debate on college campuses is a threat to academia. This lack of acceptance is a tragedy, and students and teachers, no matter their origin, should be allowed learn and teach freely,
said Rep. Curbelo .
Its time we take a stand and say we will not sit quietly and condone our higher education system boycotting our trusted friend and ally, Israel,
said Rep. Boyle .
This is an important, overdue statement toward addressing this issue.
I am proud to join my colleagues on this resolution condemning these policies that hurt our interests, the interests of Israel, and that are contrary to principles of academic freedom,
said Rep. Stefanik . We have no greater ally in the Middle East than Israel and we should be promoting interaction between our two nations
not boycotting it. I thank Congressman Curbelo for leading this important effort.
Misguided initiatives to boycott Israeli institutions of higher learning represent a contradiction of the principle of academic freedom and should be thoroughly condemned,
said Rep. Higgins .
These movements unfairly single out Israel, ignoring its rich tradition of the rigorous and free exchange of ideas.
I am pleased to sponsor this resolution with Representative Curbelo and to underscore Congresss support for academic freedom,
Rep. Bonamici said . Universities and their students and scholars benefit from the free and open exchange of diverse perspectives and opinions. Unfortunately, the BDS movement on college campuses threatens to stifle debate and dialogue that should be built upon respect for otherseven in disagreement. We should not be pushing legitimate voices and views off of our campuses or shutting out foreign students and professors.
Academic-boycott is an oxymoron,
said Rep. Lamborn .The attempt to limit the free exchange of ideas prohibits the real aim of academia - the pursuit of truth. It is an affront to the fundamental American education principal of Academic freedom. While cynically purporting to advance freedom and human rights the academic boycott campaign singles out Israel. This at a time when Israel is the only true democracy in the Middle East; where people of all religions and ethnicities enjoy their freedom and can practice their beliefs.
The value of American cooperation with Israels academia is indispensable. This cooperation plainly saves lives of American civilians every day through medical innovation, and helps us better protect our great country. We should all stand with Israel for the better future of America and freedom.
Rep. Curbelo, along with five bipartisan colleagues, introduced H. Res. 318 on June 16, 2015. To view text of this resolution, please visit
www.congress.gov
###
Connect:
WASHINGTON, D.C. OFFICE
1429 Longworth H.O.B.
Washington, DC 20515
P:
(202) 225-2778
MIAMI OFFICE
12851 SW 42nd Street
Suite 131
Miami, FL 33175
P: (305) 222-0160
KEY WEST OFFICE
1100 Simonton Street
Suite 1-213
Key West, FL 33010
P: (305) 292-4485
FLORIDA CITY OFFICE
404 West Palm Drive
Florida City, FL 33034
P : (305) 247-1234
UNSUBSCRIBE
|
PRIVACY POLICY
|
CONTACT US
Click Here Click Here