DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.0 Transitional//EN" "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml1/DTD/xhtml1-transitional.dtd"
Email Newsletter
Recently in Washington
Last week the House passed H.R. 1732, the Regulatory Integrity Protection Act of 2015, by a vote of 261-155.
This bill would require the withdrawal of the Obama Administrations proposed rule regarding waters of the United States.
The House also passed H.R. 36, the Pain-Capable Unborn Child Protection Act, by a vote of 242-184.
It would generally prohibit abortions 20 weeks after fertilization or later.
H.R. 2408, the USA FREEDOM Act, also passed by a vote of 338-88.
This legislation would end the bulk collection of data under the PATRIOT Act and set up a more transparent system of metadata storage.
The House also passed H.R. 1191, the Iran Nuclear Agreement Review Act, of 2015 by a vote of 400-25.
It would require Congressional review of any final nuclear agreement between Iran and the President.
Finally, the House passed H.R. 1735, the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2016, by a vote of 269-151.
This bill would authorize and prioritize funding for the Department of Defense and other national security programs for this year. Congressman Simpson supported each piece of legislation.
Simpson Supports Legislation to Limit EPAs Reach on Water
Bill would require the EPA and Army Corp of Engineers to withdraw the controversial proposed rule expanding the definition of waters of the United States
Idaho Congressman Mike Simpson last week supported passage of legislation to rein in the Environmental Protection Agencys (EPA) attempts to take control of state waters.
H.R. 1732, the Regulatory Integrity Protection Act of 2015, would require the EPA and the U.S. Army Corps of Engineers to withdraw the controversial proposed rule expanding the definition of waters of the United States and develop a new rule after consultation with state and local governments and interested parties.
Simpson is a cosponsor of the bill, which passed the House by an overwhelming majority of 261-155.
The EPA has received a record number of comments on this proposed rule, and during the 113th Congress over half of the members of House of Representatives registered their opposition to it.
This doesnt surprise me one bit, said Simpson.
I have long known that expanding the reach of EPA regulations to ground water, farm ponds, and ditches would devastate rural Idaho, and I have been fighting against the EPAs growing regulatory appetite for years.
Passage of this bill is an important step in the right direction.
The controversial proposed rule would expand the definition of waters of the United States by removing the word navigable.
As a result, federal regulation under the Clean Water Act could apply to virtually all water, including ground water.
States currently regulate non-navigable water.
Simpson chairs the House Energy and Water Appropriations Subcommittee and sits on the House Interior and Environment Appropriations Subcommittee, which oversee the budgets of the Army Corps and the EPA, respectively.
He has authored numerous provisions to stop the flawed rule, including most recently a provision in the House Energy and Water Appropriations Act for FY16 that would prohibit any changes to federal jurisdiction under the Obama Administrations Waters of the United States proposal.
H.R. 1732 is now before the U.S. Senate for consideration.
House Passes Legislation Delaying Sage-Grouse Listing
Congressman Simpson Supported the National Defense Authorization Act, containing sage-grouse language
Idaho Congressman Mike Simpson last week supported passage of the National Defense Authorization Act (NDAA) for FY16, which includes a provision delaying the listing of the greater sage-grouse as an endangered species. Simpson supported language included in NDAA that would prevent the U.S. Fish and Wildlife Service from listing the bird for ten years, giving adequate time for effective state management plans to be developed and put into effect.
The bill passed 269-151.
Given the impact that a decision to list sage-grouse would have on Idaho, it is imperative that we get it right. That means working closely with state and local officials to develop management plans based on sound science, Simpson said. Unfortunately, there is growing concern that the BLM and Fish and Wildlife Service are ignoring state input and moving forward with new management plans that are based on a fear of being sued. At the beginning of this process, the states were invited to partner with the federal government. But today, with just weeks left before the new management plans are to be revealed, they feel theyve been locked out of the process.
This language makes sure that state voices are heard in sage-grouse management and conservation efforts.
The language in the NDAA bill would prevent the sage-grouse from being listed for ten years and put state-approved management plans into place for at least five years.
Simpson has cosponsored similar legislation to ensure that states have an integral role in sage-grouse management. He authored language to delay the listing decision for one year that was included in the Omnibus Appropriations Act for FY15.
It is worth noting that the deadline for a sage-grouse listing decision was imposed by the courts, not based on science, said Simpson.
It is far better to take enough time to make a sound scientific decision rooted in collaboration than to make a rushed decision based on an arbitrary deadline.
Committee Schedule
Wednesday
At 10:30 a.m., the House Appropriations Committee will mark up the Fiscal Year 2016 Commerce, Justice, Science, and Related Agencies Appropriations bill.
Floor Schedule
MONDAY, MAY 18TH
On Monday, the House will meet at meet at 12:00 p.m. for morning hour and 2:00 p.m. for legislative business. Votes will be postponed until 6:30 p.m.
Legislation Considered Under Suspension of the Rules:
1)
H.R. 474
- Homeless Veterans' Reintegration Programs Reauthorization Act of
2015 (Sponsored by Rep. Brad Wenstrup / Veterans Affairs Committee)
2)
H.R. 1038
- Ensuring VA Employee Accountability Act
(Sponsored by Rep. Ryan Costello / Veterans Affairs Committee)
3)
H.R. 1313
- Service Disabled Veteran Owned Small Business Relief Act
(Sponsored by Rep. Jerry McNerney / Veterans Affairs Committee)
4)
H.R. 1382
- Boosting Rates of American Veteran Employment Act, as amended
(Sponsored by Rep. Kathleen Rice / Veterans Affairs Committee)
5)
H.R. 91
- Veteran's I.D. Card Act, as amended
(Sponsored by Rep. Vern Buchanan / Veterans Affairs Committee)
6)
H.R. 1816
- Vulnerable Veterans Housing Reform Act of 2015, as amended
(Sponsored by Rep. Joe Heck / Financial Services Committee)
7)
H.R. 1987
- Coast Guard Authorization Act of 2015, as amended
(Sponsored by Rep. Duncan Hunter / Transportation and Infrastructure Committee)
8)
S. 178
- Justice for Victims of Trafficking Act of 2015
(Sponsored by Sen. John Cornyn / Judiciary Committee)
TUESDAY, MAY 19TH
On Tuesday, the House will meet at 10:00 a.m. for morning hour and 12:00 p.m. for legislative business.
Legislation Considered Under Suspension of the Rules:
1)
H.R. 874
- American Super Computing Leadership Act
(Sponsored by Rep. Randy Hultgren / Science, Space, and Technology Committee)
2)
H.R. 1162
- Science Prize Competitions Act, as amended
(Sponsored by Rep. Don Beyer / Science, Space, and Technology Committee)
3)
H.R. 1119
- Research and Development Efficiency Act
(Sponsored by Rep. Barbara Comstock / Science, Space, and Technology Committee)
4)
H.R. 1156
- International Science and Technology Cooperation Act of 2015, as amended
(Sponsored by Rep. Dan Lipinski / Science, Space, and Technology Committee)
5)
H.R. 1561
- Weather Research and Forecasting Innovation Act of 2015, as amended
(Sponsored by Rep. Frank Lucas / Science, Space, and Technology Committee)
6)
H.R. 1158
- Department of Energy Laboratory Modernization and Technology Transfer Act of 2015, as amended
(Sponsored by Rep. Randy Hultgren / Science, Space, and Technology Committee)
H.R. 2253
- Highway and Transportation Funding Act of 2015 (Subject to a Rule)
(Sponsored by Rep. Bill Shuster / Transportation and Infrastructure Committee)
H.R. 2250
- Legislative Branch Appropriations Act, 2016 (Subject to a Rule)
(Sponsored by Rep. Tom Graves / Appropriations Committee)
WEDNESDAY, MAY 20TH
On Wednesday, the House will meet at 10:00 a.m. for morning hour and 12:00 p.m. for legislative business.
H.R. 880
- American Research and Competitiveness Act of 2015 (Subject to a Rule)
(Sponsored by Rep. Kevin Brady / Ways and Means Committee)
H.R. 1806
- America COMPETES Reauthorization Act of 2015, Rules Committee Print (Subject to a Rule)
(Sponsored by Rep. Lamar Smith / Science, Space, and Technology Committee)
THURSDAY, MAY 21ST
On Thursday, the House will meet at 9:00 a.m. for legislative business. Last votes expected no later than 3:00 p.m.
H.R. 2262
- SPACE Act of 2015 (Subject to a Rule)
(Sponsored by Rep. Kevin McCarthy / Science, Space, and Technology Committee)
FRIDAY, MAY 22ND
On Friday, no votes are expected in the House.
Contact Mike
Issues
Other News
MEDIA CENTER
Simpson Discusses Increasing Idaho Truck Weights
If you are having trouble reading this message, try viewing the
web version
BIOGRAPHY
|
NEWS CENTER
|
ISSUES
|
SERVICES FOR YOU
|
2ND DISTRICT
|
CONTACT
Click Here Click Here