
Friday, June 5, 2015
WEBSITE
|
FORWARD TO A FRIEND
| SHARE ON:
Foxx Report
This week the House passed its fourth annual appropriations measure for fiscal year 2016, the Commerce, Justice, Science and Related Agencies Appropriations Act.
During debate on the bill, I voted for an amendment to block funding for the Justice Department as it attempts to defend President Obama's unlawful executive actions granting amnesty to millions of illegal aliens in a legal battle against 26 states objecting to the policy. It is the responsibility of Congress to pursue reforms and ensure that a strong immigration policy is maintained, and I will do everything in my power to stop the president's overreach of his Constitutionally-granted executive authority.
It is my firm belief that our countrys borders MUST be secured before ANY other debate over immigration policy.
Telephone Town Hall
Time Change
On June 9th, I invite you to participate in a telephone town hall meeting where you will be able to get an update on my work in Washington and where I will take questions from residents of North Carolinas 5th Congressional District.
Due to votes that have been scheduled for Tuesday evening, the event time has been changed to 5:15 p.m.
Constituents will have the opportunity to participate either by calling in to the event or registering in advance to receive a phone call. Below are the details if you would like to join in the conversation:
What:
Telephone Town Hall Meeting
Host:
Congresswoman Virginia Foxx
When:
Tuesday, June 9, at 5:15 p.m.
Call-In Number:
1-877-229-8493 (Passcode: 114272)
Website Registration:
http://vekeo.buzz/i13
Telephone town halls are one of the opportunities where the people I represent can share directly with me their concerns and ideas. I look forward to hearing your thoughts and questions.
Whats Coming Up
Next week the House will consider the FY 2016 Defense Appropriations Act, providing a pay raise, equipment and crucial skills development funding for our troops.
Sincerely,
NOTE: Please DO NOT respond to this email as this inbox is unattended. To contact my office please
click here
SIGN UP TO RECEIVE REGULAR UPDATES
|
PRIVACY POLICY
|
CONTACT US
Click Here Click Here