 Mail begin
If you are having trouble viewing this message or would like to share
it on a social network, you can
view the message online .
May 22, 2015
"to elevate the condition of men--to lift
artificial weights from all shoulders, to clear the paths of laudable
pursuit for all, to afford all an unfettered start and a fair chance, in
the race of life."
--Abraham
Lincoln
Chairman's Note: Regaining the
Trust of the American
People
Everyone knows that the American people dont trust Congress. But this
week in the Senate we saw why distrust of Washington is at an all-time
high and why it matters.
All eyes were on the Senate
this week. With some of the most important
and controversial
provisions of the Patriot Act set to expire at the end of the month, the
American people expected to see the Senate debating and deliberating the
future of our nations intelligence apparatus.
Last week
the House of Representatives took up the issue and passed the USA
Freedom Act with a sweeping bipartisan majority. This week, it was the
Senates turn to act.
The USA Freedom Act also enjoyed
bipartisan support in the Senate, but it was not the only option on the
table. Some wanted to simply reauthorize Section 215 and the other expiring
provisions, while other senators preferred to let the provisions
expire altogether.
Although I support the USA Freedom Act, I
believe the diversity of opinion was all the more reason to have a
full and open debate on this issue. But thats not what we
had.
Instead, we had more of the same procedural manipulation that we
had come to expect from the Democratic leadership in the Senate last
year. More twisting of the rules to block debate and amendments, and
more systematically disenfranchising hundreds of millions of Americans
from political representation.
"This is why the American people distrust Congress.
And it matters because, as we saw on the Senate floor Wednesday night,
these kinds of bare-knuckled tactics ultimately cause the policymaking
process to break down and grind to a
halt."
This is why the American people distrust Congress. And it
matters because, as we saw on the Senate floor Wednesday night, these
kinds of bare-knuckled tactics ultimately cause the policymaking process
to break down and grind to a halt.
But it doesnt have to
be this way. In fact, since the Republicans took charge of the Senate
four months ago, I have been hopeful that it wont be this way as long
as the G.O.P. is in control. And Im still hopeful.
As
the Senate moves to consider the USA Freedom Act, I hope we will prove
to the American people that the broken Washington status quo of
cliff crises, secret negotiations, and take-it-or-leave-it deals are a
thing of the past.
With Ex-Im the Losers Outnumber the
Winners
To watch the full video
CLICK
HERE
Issue In Focus: Reforming the Antiquities
Act
On June 8th, 1906,
President Theodore Roosevelt signed the Antiquities Act into law. This Act
gives the president the authority to designate national monuments on
public lands to protect historic landmarks, prehistoric structures, and
other objects of scientific interest by simply issuing a
proclamation. Since its passage over a hundred years ago, the law has been used
over 100 times by 16 presidents.
Originally, the Act
was meant to allow the President to quickly designate public lands to
prevent abuse and looting of archeological sites. However, some
Presidents have abused this power and used it as a political tool instead of
for its intended purpose.
As recently as one year
ago, President Obama became the latest president to abuse the
Antiquities Act by designating nearly 500,000 acres of land in New Mexico as
the Organ Mountains-Desert Peaks National Monument. Now the residents
of New Mexico are learning the same hard lessons that those in Utah
have learned since 1996, when President Clinton designated almost two
million acres for the Grand Staircase-Escalante National Monument in
southern Utah.
At the time, state and local leaders in
the region strongly objected to the designation due to concerns that
it would unduly restrict land use and harm the
economy.
Their fears were well founded. Since the designation, the Bureau
of Land Management has suspended nearly 28 percent of livestock grazing
on monument lands.
In addition to land-use
restrictions, when the President federalizes land by declaring it a national
monument, it can change the water rights associated with the land.
This change in water rights can have serious ramifications for privately
held water rights and hinder water development in states like Utah and
New Mexico that rely heavily on such development to deal with
droughts.
It is time to reform the Antiquities Act to
ensure that the President cant deprive citizens of their ability to
utilize the lands and waters in their states with a simple stroke of a
pen.
Washington, D.C. Office
361A Russell
Senate Office Building
Washington,
D.C., 20510
Phone: 202.224.5444
Fax: 202.228.1168
Salt Lake
City
Wallace F. Bennett Federal
Building
125 South State, Suite 4225
Salt
Lake City, UT 84138
Phone:
801.524.5933
Fax: 801.524.5730
St.
George
Office of Senator Michael S. Lee
285 West Tabernacle, Suite 200
St.
George, UT
84770
Phone:
435.628.5514
Unsubscribe
|
Update My Profile
|
Privacy Policy
