
Dear Friends,
We can keep America safe without compromising our liberties.
During my time in Congress, I&rsquo;ve fought for a more transparent government that respects the rights of
all
Americans. Part of that fight has been to reform the
PATRIOT Act , a law notorious for providing the federal government with sweeping powers that infringe on our privacy.
The
PATRIOT Act
has again been in the news because without Congressional action before the end of the month, key provisions of the law will expire. While these issues are front and center today, I&rsquo;ve pushed back since the beginning. I voted against the first
PATRIOT Act
in 2001 and have voted against every reauthorization since &ndash;
including this year&rsquo;s bill
&ndash; because I refuse to compromise when it comes to protecting your privacy.
While there are meaningful changes to the
PATRIOT Act
in this year&rsquo;s reauthorization (known as the
USA FREEDOM Act ), they fall short of the full and complete reform you deserve. Revisions around the margins to an egregious provision that has led to bulk data collection and a violation of millions of Americans&rsquo; privacy is not good enough. Real reform looks like the
Surveillance State Repeal Act , which I&rsquo;m a proud cosponsor of and would repeal the
PATRIOT and 2008 FISA Amendments Acts
while extending whistleblower protections to certain intelligence agencies.
Last week, I
urged
my Senate colleagues to improve the flawed House bill. In a rush to beat the June 1 deadline and to appease Senate Majority Leader McConnell, however, it appears the Senate will pass a version that&rsquo;s even worse. This is an instance where we&rsquo;d all be better off with Congressional inaction, allowing the program to expire.
We need a more accountable approach that balances individual privacy with our national defense. U.S. intelligence gathering systems should be reformed to ensure they are effective, efficient and secure, while simultaneously protecting the rights of the American people. Both efforts are critical and are by no means mutually exclusive, which is why I will continue to oppose any reform of the
PATRIOT Act
that does not strike that balance.
This fight is a snapshot of a broader issue. We currently spend close to $80 billion a year on intelligence gathering in the United States &ndash; an exact figure is classified,
an unnecessary secret I&rsquo;ve tried to change . In 2012, the last year that this data was reported, 4.92 million federal employees and contractors had access to secret information. I'm concerned that the amount of information being reviewed by the intelligence community and number of people involved may actually be making us less safe, not more. I will continue to fight to reform these bloated intelligence programs.
Sincerely,
Earl Blumenauer
Member of Congress
Please do not respond to this email.
Click here to contact me .
District Office
&bull; 911 N.E. 11th Avenue
&bull; Suite 200 &bull; Portland, OR 97232 &bull; Phone: (503) 231-2300
Washington D.C. Office
&bull; 1111 Longworth Building &bull; Washington, DC 20515 &bull; Phone: (202) 225-4811
Unsubscribe
