
Dear Friend,
On October 24, 2001, in response to the 9/11 attacks in which nearly 3,000 Americans were murdered, the United States House of Representatives passed the Patriot Act by a vote of 357
66. The United States Senate passed the Patriot Act the following day by a vote of 98
1. The Patriot Act was signed into law on October 26, 2001.
The purpose of the Patriot Act was to keep suspected terrorists under surveillance in an attempt to prevent another attack on our country like we suffered on September 11, 2001. I firmly believe that the Patriot Act has been an invaluable tool in keeping our country safe.
As a former prosecutor, I understand the importance of ensuring investigators have the tools they need to prevent terrorist attacks and bring to justice those who want to do our nation harm. But as a result of a recent Federal Court ruling against the National Security Agency (NSA), it has became clear we needed stronger protections to safeguard personal privacy from overreach and secrecy.
On May 13th, 2015, I voted in favor of the USA Freedom Act that passed overwhelmingly in the House of Representatives by a vote of 338-88. This bill, which passed the Senate on Tuesday and was signed into law only a few hours later by the President, prohibits the indiscriminate bulk collection of data records under Section 215 of the PATRIOT Act. Among other provisions, the bill establishes a new call-data program that would require records to remain with the phone companies, while permitting government access through specific warrants under close supervision of the Foreign Intelligence Surveillance Court.
The USA Freedom Act included a wide spectrum of supporters, from civil libertarians to national security hawks and struck the delicate balance between preserving privacy rights and protecting our country from terrorist threats.
Like you, I believe that we as Americans have a constitutional right to privacy. I do not support any attempt by the government to unlawfully gather information on its citizens. While no piece of legislation is perfect, the USA Freedom Act was critical to ending the unacceptable status quo and to better protection of Americans civil liberties.
God Bless,
Gregg Harper
Member of Congress
harper.house.gov | (202) 225-5031 | 307 Cannon HOB | Washington, DC 20515
Update My Profile
|
Unsubscribe
|
Privacy Policy
