
If you are having
trouble viewing this message or would like to share it on a social
network, you can
view the
message online .
HOME
NEWS
SERVICES
LEGISLATION
CONTACT
June 22, 2015
CBO
Report On Obamacare
Last week, the non-partisan
Congressional Budget Office (CBO) released a report on the fiscal and economic
impact of repealing Obamacare. Among CBOs findings, repeal of the
president's health care law would increase economic growth and labor force
participation.
Not only is Obamacare a direct threat to the quality, affordability
and accessibility of health care in America, it is a clear impediment
to the economic vitality of our nation. According to CBO's analysis,
repealing this law would create a healthier economy. At a time when
participation in the labor force is at an alarmingly low rate, getting
rid of Obamacares harmful regulations, mandates and taxes would give
job creators and job seekers greater opportunity.
It is so very clear now that we
can solve Americas health care challenges without harming our economy,
and we should start over with positive, patient-centered solutions
that put patients, families and doctors in charge, not Washington,
D.C.
Eliminating The Medical
Device Tax
On Thursday, the House passed, in a bipartisan
manner, a repeal of Obamacare's medical device
tax.
Embedded
in Obamacare are more than 20 different taxes on Americans and
American businesses. The medical device tax is one of the more destructive
to the quality of health care. It takes resources away from pioneering
research and the development of lifesaving treatments, and it raises
the cost of medical care. Patients all across America are losing the
ability to access the highest quality care for many reasons. One of
those reasons is the extraordinary increase in costs.
Repealing this tax is a necessary
step in moving toward a patient-centered health system where
patients, families and doctors have access to affordable, innovative health
care choices.
CBO Long
Term Outlook
The Congressional Budget Office (CBO) has
released its latest Long-Term Budget Outlook that shows deficits and the
national debt will continue to rise to 175 percent of GDP by 2040 and
real economic growth will remain at subpar levels of 2.3 percent on
average.
The
conclusions of this report are not surprising but they are incredibly
troubling. Our national debt is spiraling out of control. Medicare and
Social Security are headed toward insolvency
creating uncertainty among
todays seniors and particularly tomorrows retirees about their
health and retirement security. Interest payments on the nations debt
alone are consuming a greater and greater share of our annual budget
leaving fewer dollars for national security and other
priorities.
Without a positive
change in course, spending on mandatory programs and interest will
eventually consume every dollar we have while the programs themselves will
be unable to deliver on the promises made. We must have the financial
wherewithal as a nation to set priorities and fund them
appropriately. Congress recently passed a balanced budget that builds a stronger
America by creating more opportunity for families and businesses, saves
and improves Medicare and Medicaid, makes government more efficient
and effective and makes our tax code simpler and fairer - all while
maintaining a safe and secure nation.
Share on Facebook Share
on Twitter
Please Feel Free to Tell a
Friend E-mail:
E-mail: E-mail:
Washington
DC Office
100 Cannon
House Office Building
Washington DC
20515
Phone: 202-225-4501
Fax: 202-225-4656
District Office:
85-C Mill
Street, Suite 300
Roswell, GA
30075
Phone: 770-998-0049
Fax: 770-998-0050
Internet:
Web:
http://tomprice.house.gov
E-mail:
E-mail Tom by clicking here
Unsubscribe
|
Update My Profile
|
Privacy Policy
gateway mail end
