
If you are having trouble viewing this message
or would like to share it on a social network, you can
view the message online .
HOME
CONTACT US
CONSTITUENT SERVICES
ISSUES AND LEGISLATION
May 10, 2015
Hosting The
Veterans Resource Fair:
It was an honor to host
my fourth Veterans Resource Fair this week to assist and honor our area
veterans.
This year we had a great showing from veterans who
attended the Fair and learned about the number of resources they have
available to them. I believe it is vital that our Kansas veterans know
how to get in touch with these agencies and any other help that they
need to ensure those who fought for our country get everything they are
owed, need, and deserve.
But my work doesnt stop at the
Veterans Resource Fair. I am committed to always being available for our
veterans and ensuring they are receiving the proper benefits. If you
are or know a veteran in need never hesitate to contact my
office.
Click here
to check out some of the
pictures from the event.
Women In Government Relations:
This
week, I was truly humbled to be honored by the Women in Government
Relations society as an Outstanding Member of Congress along with Senator
Patty Murray. Representing Eastern Kansas is one of the greatest
privileges I could ever have, and I am proud to stand up for Kansas values
in Washington.
It is time for women to recognize that we
have a lot to offer and, quite honestly, the world and the business
community need us to be even more involved. We arent where we need to
be, but we have been making great strides in recent years. I would
encourage everyone to be supportive of our women colleagues, mentor young
women and help them find a path towards success. I hope we can all work
together to inspire the next generation of female
leaders.
Congratulations to the Women in Government Relations on their
40 th
anniversary. It is a great organization and Im proud to be a
part of it. To watch my video remarks,
click
here .
Congratulating The 2015 Congressional Art Competition
Winners:
Every year the Congressional Art
Competition demonstrates the incredible artistic talent of our high school
students in Eastern Kansas. This years 98 entries exceeded previous
years, and the competition continues to grow and encourage students to
embrace the arts. Congratulations to the winner, Nina Friesen, and to all
the students who entered the competition.
To see the complete list of winners and view their art,
click here .
Coffee With Your Congresswoman
In Yates Center:
I had a great conversation this
week with folks in Yates Center. It was refreshing to hear some new
perspectives and chat about what more we can to help hardworking
families.
Touring Spirit AeroSystems:
I really enjoyed touring
Spirit AeroSystems' facility in Chanute this week. They have a number
of employees, with many of them trained locally. It was also great to
see and learn more about the work they are doing in the aviation
community.
Visiting Timber Hills Lake Ranch:
I had a very
informative tour of Timber Hills Lake Ranch in Mapleton on Monday.
Folks from all over the country and even the world come to this beautiful
ranch to hunt, and I can definitely see why!
Seeing CVR Energy:
I had a wonderful time touring
CVR Energy on Wednesday, chatting with employees and hearing about the
investment CVR is making to improve their infrastructure.
Touring The Dr. Pepper Snapple Facility:
I also
toured the Dr. Pepper Snapple facility in Topeka this week. I had a
good conversation with some of the employees there and learned about
their facility and industry.
I also spoke with WIBW about my visit
and the ongoing situation with the future of Fort Riley.
Click here
to watch my remarks.
Washington, DC
Office
1526 Longworth HOB
Washington, D.C. 20515
Phone: (202) 225-6601
Fax: (202) 225-7986
Pittsburg
Office
1001 N. Broadway Street #C
Pittsburg, KS 66762
Phone: (620) 231-LYNN (5966)
Fax: (620) 231-5972
Topeka
Office
3550 SW 5th Street
Topeka, KS 66606
Phone: (785) 234-LYNN (5966)
Fax: (785) 234-5967
Independence Office
120 N. 6th Street
Independence,
KS 67301
Phone: (620) 231-LYNN
(5966)
Fax: (620) 231-5972
Unsubscribe
|
Update My Profile
|
Privacy Policy
gateway
mail end 