
If
you are having trouble viewing this message or would like to share it
on a social network, you can
view the message online .
Website
About David
Contact
Serving
You
Media
Center
Legislative Work
District
May 22, 2015
Working on the
Highway
In the House this week, we passed a short-term funding
bill to ensure highway construction in West Virginia would continue
through the end of July. This short-term Band-Aid is not enough. After a
rough winter, our roads have never been worse. It is more important
than ever Congress reach a long-term solution to funding their portion
of the highways and interstates so integral to rural
areas.
This week the states Blue Ribbon Commission on Highways released its
report detailing the needs of our highway system and how to best fund
it. I look forward to reading through this report and discussing with
state officials how the Congress can be a productive partner with West
Virginia.
Our roads and bridges are an integral part of
our economy. Without the infrastructure to support manufacturing and
commerce, well see fewer jobs and fewer companies moving into West
Virginia. We need certainty our roads will be in good condition and serving
the needs of the First District.
Finding a Cure
for Alzheimers
In the Energy &amp; Commerce
Committee this week, we discussed the priorities for research at the
National Institutes of Health (NIH), the federal governments primary
health science office. As you can see in the video below, Chairman
Upton and I agree Alzheimers deserves our full attention and funding.
Millions of families dealing with the pain of Alzheimers could benefit
from increased research, better treatments, and progress toward a
cure.
On Thursday, we visited the NIH
to make the case in person and to discuss research programs that could
come to West Virginia University with NIH Director Frances
Collins
Protecting Pensions for Coal
Miners
There are 130,000 coal miners and retirees
whose pensions and healthcare benefits are threatened by difficulties in
the coal industry. Over the last four years, my office has worked with
these retirees to shore up these funds. Without a solution, these
pension obligations could fall to the American taxpayer and jeopardize
the pensions of millions of others.
My legislation,
introduced on Monday, will put excess funds from the Abandoned Mine Land Fund,
which is funded by coal revenue, towards shoring up retirement
benefits for these retirees.
Congratulations,
Graduates!
Last weekend I had the honor of addressing
the graduates at WVU-Parkersburg. Drawing from a sermon delivered more
than twenty years ago, I encouraged these young men and women to seek
their dreams and be true to themselves. You can read more about it
here.
In Morgantown, at WVUs main campus, 94-year-old Anthony
Brutto received his degree, more than seven decades after first
enrolling there before World War Two. We entered a congratulatory note to
him in the Congressional Record this week, which can be viewed
here .
Honoring
Our American Fighter Aces
My great uncle, Louie
Bennett, Jr., flew in World War One, downing 9 enemy hot-air balloons
(used for surveying the battlefield in that war) in 25 sorties. Though
his flying career only lasted nine days before he was shot down and
killed, he earned the title of Ace, given only to those who score five
or more aerial victories in combat. He is the only World War One Ace
from West Virginia.
On Thursday, Uncle Louie and scores of
veterans were recognized with the Congressional Gold Medal, the highest
honor Congress awards. It was a unique pleasure to attend and honor
my relative.
This Memorial Day, please
remember our troops and thank them for their service protecting and
defending our way of life.
Have a great
week,
David McKinley
Share on Twitter Share on Facebook Have you or a family member served in the
military? Yes No Don't Know/Unsure *By answering this
survey, you are subscribing to my newsletter. If you are having
trouble, click here.
Washington, DC
412 Cannon HOB |
Washington, DC 20515
Phone:
(202) 225-4172 |
Fax: (202)
225-7564
Morgantown
709 Beechurst
Ave.
Suite 29
Morgantown, WV 26505
Phone: 304.284.8506
Fax:
304-284-8505
Wheeling
Horne Building
1100 Main Street,
Suite 101
Wheeling, WV 26003
Phone: (304) 232-3801
Fax:
304-232-3813
Parkersburg
Federal
Building
425 Juliana Street Suite
1004
Parkersburg, WV 26101
Phone: (304) 422-5972
Fax: 304-422-5974
Unsubscribe
|
Update My
Profile
|
Privacy Policy
