
Congratulations to Service Academy Nominees
On Saturday I hosted a luncheon for my service academy appointments. These future leaders have demonstrated outstanding classroom and community achievements and are a great example of why we should have hope for the future of this great country.
Every year, high school students interested in attending a service academy apply to their Congressman, Senators, Vice President, or President for a nomination. Applicants must be 17 years old, a citizen of the United States, have good moral character, demonstrate strong leadership skills, and have impressive scholastic achievements. This year, nine of the students I nominated were accepted to the United States Air Force, Naval, Military (West Point), and Merchant Marine Academies or their prep schools.
This was actually substantially more than the allotment for this area which demonstrates what great candidates the parents and schools in our district are raising.
Congratulations to Joseph Cantu of Calallen High School, Andrew Jones of Flour Bluff High School, Cecelia Croman of King High School, Joseph McNiff of Incarnate Word Academy, Joshua DLima of Bay City High School, Keiarra Ortiz-Cedeno of Gregory-Portland High School, Taylor Horne of Bay City High School, Alana Stern of Gonzalez High School, and Robert Cervantes of Calallen High School.
TPA vs. TPP
I have received a lot of questions and phone calls about Trade Promotion Authority (TPA) and the Trans-Pacific Partnership (TPP) and I wanted to explain the differences between the two and ask for your opinion.
TPP is a trade deal being negotiated in secret by the Obama administration. Its so secret that if I wanted to read it, I have to go into a secure facility, leaving all electronic devices outside, and I cant even take notes.
TPA authorizes the president to negotiate trade deals but includes 150 negotiating points that must be included in the final deal and requires the final agreement, once negotiated, be made public for 60 days and then gives Congress, including the House of Representatives, the power to vote up or down on the deal.
Some people argue that TPA gives President Obama more power. I disagree. Believe me, the last thing I want to do is give the President more power. The President is negotiating the TPP now, in secret, with no input from Congress. Under TPA, Congress includes directives to negotiators and requires the deal be made public. Thats less power.
I want to hear your opinion on this issue. Click
here
and take this quick poll on Trade Promotion Authority. I greatly appreciate your response.
Constitution 1, Obama's Spy Agencies 0
Our civil liberties are constantly under attack. Recently the Associated Press
reported
that the FBI is flying surveillance aircraft over U.S. cities to capture data on Americans cell phones. It has also come to light that the Department of Justice (DOJ) has operated a secret mass surveillance program for decades, and that the FBI is trying to force tech companies like Google and Apple to create and hand over backdoor access to your cell phones. These blatant intrusions by the federal government in our lives have no place in our country.
I came to Congress to defend the Constitution, which is why I worked with other Representatives to introduce three amendments to H.R. 2578, the Commerce, Justice, and Science Appropriations bill for fiscal year 2016. The amendments prevent the Department of Justice from requiring U.S. companies
to build backdoors into mobile devices ,
end secret bulk data collection
by the DOJ, and shut off funding for the
FBIs unconstitutional airborne cell phone surveillance . It was great to see the House pass all three of my amendments.
Farenthold Speaks About Flooding
Last week, I spoke on the House floor about the recent flooding and tragedy that has hit Texas. Although Hayes County is not in my district, parts of Caldwell and Bastrop are, and I have pledged to help the entire area in any way possible. I visited the Emergency Operations Center in Bastrop and my wife, Debbie, has been volunteering with the relief efforts. Please keep all those affected, especially the families of the 24 Texans who lost their lives, in your prayers during this difficult time.
Calallen Middle School Visits Washington
Calallen Middle School 8 th
graders visited Washington, DC last week.
I met them on the Capitol steps to talk about Congress, describe a day in the life of a congressman, and took a few questions.
My favorite was, Why are you wearing a SnapChat pin?
The answer was because my office is working with Snapchat to use the social media platform to engage young people in whats going on in Washington, DC.
I love visiting with school groups when they visit Washington.
Unfortunately, the tour operators dont always let us know when a group is in town.
If your school is sending a group to DC, please make sure we know so we can arrange a meeting.
We can arrange Capitol tours for school groups and families visiting Washington.
We can also help you request a White House tour, but unfortunately, the availability of those tours is extremely limited and it is almost impossible to get a tour for a large group.
We do, however, always try and help.
The earlier you request a White House tour, the better your chances of success.
To set up tours, call my Washington office at 202-225-7742 or click
here .
This Week: The Innovation Act
This week, the House Judiciary Committee will markup
H.R. 9 , the Innovation Act. This bill guards against patent trolls who seek to abuse our patent system by filling up courts with frivolous litigation. Having been in the tech field for years, I know how important strong intellectual property rights are to our economy. Ill make sure to keep you updated as H.R. 9 moves through the legislative process.
The House just passed three of my amendments aimed at restoring privacy and liberty. Watch my floor speech --&gt;
https://www.facebook.com/BlakeFarenthold/videos/1058442560851494/
3 Jun 2015
Thank you to all those who volunteered over the past two weeks in and around the affected flood areas.
http://on.fb.me/1QpUA8W
3 Jun 2015
Does TSA Now Stand for Terrible Security Agency? Administrator forced out after TSA fails 67 out of 70 security tests
http://thehill.com/policy/transportation/243716-acting-tsa-chief-ousted-after-security-test-failures
2 Jun 2015
Outrageous! FBI spying on you and your cell phones w/o a warrant. Working w/ my colleagues to put a stop to this.
http://bit.ly/1ST8XGJ
2 Jun 2015
CONNECT
LATEST NEWS
Congressman Farenthold appoints nine students to military academies
KRISTV
Congressman Blake Farenthold in Laredo to Receive Briefing on Helicopter Attack
KIIITV
Farenthold Statement Urging Governor Abbott to Sign Texas Windstorm Reform Bill
Texas GOP Vote
Bastrop County: U.S. Rep Pledges Support
The Statesman
Congressman Farenthold Visits Gonzalez
Gonzalez Inquirer
EXPECTED VOTES THIS WEEK
H.R. 2088
- United States Grain Standards Act Reauthorization Act of 2015
H.R. 2051
- Mandatory Price Reporting Act of 2015
H.R. 2394
- National Forest Foundation Reauthorization Act of 2015
H.R. 235
- Permanent Internet Tax Freedom Act
H.R. 889
- Foreign Cultural Exchange Jurisdictional Immunity Clarification Act
H.Res. 295
- Supporting local law enforcement agencies in their continued work to serve our communities, and supporting their use of body worn cameras to promote transparency to protect both citizens and officers alike
H.R. 2289
- Commodity End-User Relief Act
H.R. 2577
- Transportation, Housing and Urban Development, and Related Agencies Appropriations Act, 2016
H.R. 2393
- Country of Origin Labeling Amendments Act of 2015
H.R. 2685
- Department of Defense Appropriations Act, 2016
SNAPSHOTS
6/7 - Congratulations to Jordan Delgado for earning his Eagle Scout with Troop 104 in Victoria. He has proven himself to be a leader among his peers and I look forward to continue seeing great things from him as he moves into this next step in his life.
6/6 - I spoke at the Grand Opening of the Maxine Flournoy 3rd Coast Squadron Hangar and Museum of Military History at the McCampbell Airport in Aransas Pass on the anniversary of D-Day. A big thanks to the men and women that served to protect the our freedoms. I was happy to sit next to Maxine Flournoy who was part of the Women Airforce Service Pilots during WWII.
6/5 - The Change of Command ceremony was held for Capt. Samuel R. Creech who was relieved by Capt. Richard A. Hahn. Capt. Hahn is taking command of the Eighth Coast Guard District Sector/Air Station Corpus Christi. Luis Buentello from my Corpus Christi office attended the ceremony.
6/3 - Captain Christopher C. Misner, Commander of NAS Kingsville sent a wreath off of the deck of the USS Lexington in honor of all the World War II veterans attending the Battle of Midway Ceremony. Luis Buentello of my office attended the event.
5/29 - The Hispanic Chamber of Commerce hosted their Buenos Dias Corpus Christi event at their new offices. Ted Phlegar from the U.S. Chamber of Commerce's Workforce Freedom Initiative discussed labor and employment regulations, legislation, and issues impacting the work-place today. Luis Buentello of my office attended the event.
WEBSITE
|
UNSUBSCRIBE
|
CONTACT
Click Here Click Here