
If you are having trouble viewing
this message or would like to share it on a social network, you can
view the message
online .
Home
|
About
|
How Can I Help?
|
Media
|
Issues
|
The 6th District
Dear Friends:
On Wednesday there was
a looming shutdown at the Aurora VA hospital, with House Speaker John
Boehner fed up with the VAs mismanagement and threatening to cut off
any further authorized spending to continue construction on the
hospital.
While I shared the Speakers great frustration and
anger at the VAs gross mismanagement and bureaucratic incompetence, as
a Marine Corps combat veteran, I also appreciate how vital it is that
this hospital is built so that we can fulfill our obligation to the
men and women who served this nation.
Veterans are
counting on this hospital being built so that they can receive the
state-of-the art healthcare it will provide.
Recently, some of my
colleagues in Congress began to question the importance of this
project referring it as a Colorado problem. The veterans that this hospital
is designed to care for served this nation and this nation owes them
a debt of gratitude for their sacrifices in defense of our
freedom.
Shocked and disappointed at this turn of events, I fought
hard to convince House leadership of the need to give us a short-term
extension to develop a solution to the nearly $1 billion in cost
overruns.
I emphasized how a shutdown could cost taxpayers
even more money, with the general contractor estimating up to $200
million in additional costs should the project shut down or mothballed, and
constructed at a later date. The solution to this hospital must come
with protections for taxpayers, no negative impact on veterans care
across the country, and reforms that ensure such a situation never
occurs again.
We have won this battle, but the fight to
complete the hospital is far from over. The bill we passed raises the
spending cap and authorizes VA and Kiewit-Turner to spend an additional
$20 million on this project, effectively funding it for around three
more weeks, at which point Congress must pass another agreement to
continue construction.
I will continue to keep the pressure up
on Congressional and VA leadership, and will not stop until we have a
plan in place that will see this project completed and ensure such a
failure never happens again.
I owe that commitment to my
fellow veterans on this upcoming Memorial Day while we remember those
who gave the ultimate sacrifice for our
freedom.
Sincerely,
Mike Coffman
U.S. Representative
If you would like to sign up to
receive regular email updates from Mike, please visit
this
link
$ 18,159,343,836,789
Share on
Facebook
Share on Twitter
Share on
LinkedIn
VA Must Find
Millions to Finish Troubled Denver
Hospital
By: Dan
Elliott
CBS
Denver
Published May 22nd, 2015
Construction crews are returning
to work at the veterans hospital outside Denver after a last-minute
deal with congressional leaders avoided a shutdown of the half-finished
project.
But the really heavy lifting will be done
1,500 miles away in Washington.
The U.S. House agreed
Thursday to raise the projects spending cap by $100 million, enough to
continue work for three weeks. The Senate is expected to act
Friday.
Congress and the Veterans Affairs Department still must find
up to $830 million to finish the vastly over-budget hospital without
taking services away from veterans elsewhere and possibly scale back
the project.
The VA also must persuade skeptical lawmakers
that its serious about punishing those responsible for the problems
and making internal changes to avoid a
repeat.
Theyve
been offering us crumbs of reform, said Tyler Sandberg, a spokesman
for Colorado Republican
Rep. Mike Coffman . We want
the whole loaf.
The hospital in suburban Aurora is
expected to cost $1.73 billion, nearly three times the estimate the VA gave
last year. The VA said Monday that it was nearing the $800 million
spending cap Congress put on the project and work would have to stop next
week if Congress didnt act.
Contractor Kiewit-Turner
said winding down the work and then cranking it up again would add up
to $200 million to the cost.
The deal reached Thursday
doesnt give the VA any additional money but allows it to spend funds it
has on hand. It raises the spending cap to $900 million, enough for
three weeks of work.
That means the VA and Congress have
three weeks to work out a long-term deal or again face a
shutdown.
Im pleased the House finally acted to avoid a
shutdown on this project, said Rep. Ed Perlmutter, D-Colo. But Im not
pleased we will continue to kick the can down the
road.
The ambitious, 184-bed medical center is a collection of a dozen large
interconnected buildings that would replace an old, overcrowded
facility operating in Denver.
The reasons the costs escalated
so sharply have yet to be fully explained. The VA has said the plans
werent complete when work began, and VA construction executives tried
to switch to a different design-and-build process too
late.
At least two internal VA investigations are underway, and the
department says all the key executives on the project have been replaced
some were demoted or transferred, and another retired a day after
investigators interviewed him under oath. But no one has been fired,
angering many in Congress.
The VA wanted to finish the
project with money siphoned from a $5 billion fund Congress set up to
resolve an embarrassing national scandal
long wait times for veterans to
get health care. Lawmakers balked, saying the VA needed to come up
with a different funding plan that didnt deny services to other veterans
or raise the federal deficit.
Veterans elsewhere
cannot be forced to sacrifice just because of the catastrophe here, Sen.
Richard Blumenthal, D-Conn., said during a Senate Veterans Affairs
Committee hearing in Aurora last month.
Coffman
suggested diverting the VAs multimillion-dollar bonus budget to
the Denver hospital. VA Deputy Secretary Sloan Gibson called that a
lousy idea.
Congress also wants the VA to make major
internal changes to avoid a repeat
perhaps turning over responsibility
for major construction projects to the Army Corps of
Engineers.
Veterans expressed relief that a deal was
reached.
The veterans are the ones that would be hurt if the project got
shut down, said Steven Rylant, president of the United Veterans
Committee of Colorado, a coalition of veterans
groups.
The
committee is not taking a position on where the money should come from,
said Rylant, who often sports a button that says BTDT, which stands
for Build the damn thing.
Seems like there ought to be
$1 billion or $600 million somewhere, he
said.
One-on-One Constituent Meetings
Saturday, May 30,
2015
2:00 PM
3:30
PM
Tallyn's Reach Library
23911 E Arapahoe Rd
Aurora, CO
80016
Coffman Bill Would
Continue Veterans' Affairs Hospital Construction for 3
Mo
By: Joe
Cogliano
ABC Denver
Published May 21st, 2015
While Aurora
Congressman Mike Coffman
races to find stopgap money, the
vast, half-finished veterans hospital in Aurora remains mired in an
embarrassing scandal with $1 billion in cost overruns making it almost
impossible for the VA to persuade skeptical lawmakers to keep the money
flowing.
The Veterans Affairs Department said it will
run out of cash and construction will stop next week unless Congress
raises the projects $800-million spending cap by Sunday. The contractor
says a shutdown would delay the project by months and raise the cost
beyond the current estimate, $1.73
billion.
As
of
Thursday morning,
Coffman , R-Aurora, said an
agreement has been reached with Boehner on a $100-million, three-week
extension that will give more time to negotiate a longer-term agreement. The
pact passed a House floor vote and now goes to the
Senate.
Coffmans
bill, HR 2496, the Construction
Authorization and Choice Improvement Act, will help keep the Aurora VA
hospital from shutting down this weekend by raising the authorization
cap to $900 million and reforming elements of the Choice Act that will
help veterans receive care outside of the VA system, according to a
statement by
Coffman .
Work was set to stop
this Sunday if Congress did not raise the authorization cap for the
project. The current authorization cap is set at $800
million.
The VA asked Congress to approve additional spending and keep
construction going with money already in hand while sorting out a
longer-term plan. It also offered to cut the cost by about $55 million by
indefinitely delaying construction of a nursing home and a
post-traumatic stress disorder clinic on the hospital
campus.
Boehner
wants more cuts and a plan to pay for the entire project, not just to
keep construction moving for a few months,
Coffman
said.
Coffman
took an unusual swipe at a
leader of his own party Wednesday, saying he was disappointed Boehner
wouldnt approve a short-term deal to avoid a
shutdown.
In a statement to The Associated Press, Boehner said the issue is
bigger than the Denver hospital.
It is about the
continuing culture of irresponsibility at the Veterans Administration, he
said. The VA needs to produce a plan to complete this project on-time and
on-budget.
The chances of reaching a deal to avoid a
shutdown were uncertain at best, and Congress is scheduled to begin a
weeklong Memorial Day recess this
weekend.
VA Secretary
Robert McDonald said Wednesday he had made numerous reasonable
proposals to Congress and all were rejected. Republican Rep. Jeff Miller of
Florida, chairman of the House Veterans Affairs Committee, told
McDonald: VA created the mess in Denver, so the department must come up with
a plan to fix it that does not add to the deficit and does not
jeopardize the benefits and services of other
veterans.
Veterans are worried and feel caught in the
middle.
It would
be devastating for the veterans of Colorado for Congress not to pass
this and let it get shut down, said Steven Rylant, president of the
United Veterans Committee of Colorado, a coalition of veterans
groups.
This a regional medical center were talking about,
Rylant said. It doesnt just affect Colorado, but states around the
region, so its incredibly important to get it
finished.
As
recently as last year, the VA said the hospital would cost about $600
million, and the reasons it spun out of control have yet to be fully
explained. The VA has said the plans werent complete when work began,
and VA construction executives tried to switch to a different type of
design-and-build process too late.
At least two internal
VA investigations are underway, and the department says all the key
executives on the project have been replaced
some were demoted or
transferred, and another retired one day after investigators interviewed
him under oath. But no one has been fired, angering many in
Congress.
The ambitious, 184-bed medical center in suburban Aurora
is a collection of a dozen large interconnected buildings that would
replace an old and overcrowded facility operating in
Denver.
But the VA and contractor Kiewit-Turner couldnt agree on costs
and plans, and a panel of judges ruled in December that the VA had
breached the contract because the hospital couldnt be built for the
agreed-upon price of about $600 million.
Construction
stopped, and recriminations started.
Senators and
representatives accused the VA of arrogance, deceit and incompetence. Colorado
lawmakers said they had been trying to get answers from the VA for months,
even before the December ruling.
Construction resumed
at a scaled-back pace under an interim contract while a new contract is
negotiated with Kiewit-Turner, but if the money runs out, it will
stop again.
The VA says it needs another $830 million to
finish the hospital as currently designed, or about $775 million without
the nursing home and PTSD clinic.
The VA wants to tap a
$5 billion fund Congress approved to resolve another scandal, long
wait times for veterans seeking health care, but that has encountered
strong opposition.
Sen. Richard Blumenthal, D-Conn., said
during a Senate Veterans Affairs Committee hearing in Aurora last
month that veterans elsewhere cannot be forced to sacrifice just because
of the catastrophe here.
Washington Office
2443
Rayburn HOB
Washington, D.C.
20515
Phone: (202)
225-7882
Fax: (202) 226-4623
District Office
Cherry Creek Place IV
3300 S. Parker Road, Suite
#305
Aurora, CO 80014
Phone: (720) 748-7514
Fax: (720) 748-7680
Unsubscribe
|
Update My Profile
|
Privacy Policy
gateway
mail end 