
What We Talked About at This Week's Town Halls
"Just as families here, including my own, must balance their budgets, so must our country.
I believe it's a national security issue.
And it's an economic security issue."
- Congressman Rigell at Wednesday nights town hall in Virginia Beach
Congressman Rigell speaks to a crowd at Regent University during one of his town halls this week.
Photo by Bill Tiernan, The Virginian-Pilot
Dear Friends,
I wanted to give you an update on the town halls our office held in Hampton and Virginia Beach this week.
We had two wonderful meetings with friends and neighbors who shared their concerns and ideas about an array of issues.
We talked about energy, our federal budget, our national defense, and other topics.
You can read more about our town halls in the articles from the
Virginian-Pilot
and
Daily Press
below.
These discussions are not always easy, but they are
always important
because they give me a chance to hear the wisdom of the district.
Not everyone agrees on every subject.
Thats to be expected.
But we all share a goal of leaving our children and grandchildren with a strong, secure, and thriving America.
If you werent able to join us, I invite you to share your good counsel with me via our website,
Rigell.house.gov , or join the discussion on
Facebook.com/RepScottRigell .
And you can always use the good old fashioned telephone (or your cell phone) to call us!
(Find full contact info at
Rigell.house.gov )
Mindful that I work for you, I remain
Yours in Freedom
From the Virginian-Pilot: Rigell fields questions on guns, gays, grass and debt
April 9, 2015
By Bill Bartel
About 200 people came to back-to-back town hall meetings with U.S. Rep. Scott Rigell on Tuesday and Wednesday, many with specific questions about offshore drilling, marijuana, gun rights and other concerns.
Rigell had a message of his own.
The three-term congressman got to it early in the Wednesday gathering at Regent University when Kevin Mason, a Virginia Beach resident, asked what it's going to take for Congress to stop running up the federal debt.
"Just as families here, including my own, must balance their budgets, so must our country," Mason told Rigell, drawing applause from the crowd. "I believe it's a national security issue. It's an economic security issue."
Rigell put up a large color chart showing the rapid growth of mandatory spending programs - Social Security, Medicare and Medicaid. Those bills must be paid and are squeezing out the ability to pay for other federal needs, including defense and transportation, he said.
The Virginia Beach Republican noted that in 1965, the entitlement programs were 25 percent of federal spending. Today, they are 62 percent and will rise to 65 percent by 2025 if not altered.
"What I'm presenting here is not a feeling. It's not an emotion.... It's indisputable," Rigell said, adding that people need to be willing to accept changes in those programs.
A night earlier, at Thomas Nelson Community College in Hampton, he stressed the same point.
"I'm asking you. If you are a strong advocate for roads, for bridges, for schools and everything else to at least be open to the case that we need to wisely reform mandatory spending. That is Medicare, Medicaid and Social Security," he said. "It doesn't mean slash it. We can means test it. We can do a lot of other things."
He also pressed for public support for his favorite economic development project - drilling for gas and oil off Virginia's coast.
And he responded to an array of other concerns.
Yes, he would support changing laws so that members of the military can carry firearms while commuting from their homes to military bases.
No, he would not vote to legalize marijuana, particularly because of the harm to young people, but would support researching its medicinal use.
Yes, he believes that global warming is caused, in part, by mankind but is less certain how much of it is man's fault. He argued that it would be wrong for the United States to adopt changes that would harm the nation's economy in the short term.
Changes to reduce carbon dioxide emissions have to be a worldwide effort, he said. "Otherwise we're just treading water."
Yes, he would support legislation to ban discrimination against gays and lesbians but said more compassion should be shown for those who wrestle with the issue.
Rigell also expressed his disdain for the partisan gridlock in Washington but argued that compromise can be found if people try to negotiate.
"It's always been cantankerous.... What (Thomas) Jefferson and (John) Adams said about each other - it was horrific and rough. They thought our country was coming off the rails so many times."
He put much of the blame on sharply drawn congressional districts that stifle electoral competition.
"We can elect better leaders - maybe somebody better than me," he said, with a smile.
Congressman Rigell speaks to a crowd at Regent University during one of his town halls this week.
Photo by Bill Tiernan, The Virginian-Pilot
From the Daily Press: Rigell flouts convention at Newport News town hall
April 8, 2015
By Dave Ress
Americans need to think about all the things their government needs to do
from defending the nation to teaching its children to fixing its roads
and then ask if there's a way to end the pressure of mandatory spending programs like Medicare, Medicaid and Social Security, Rep. Scott Rigell says.
In a free-wheeling hour-and-half-long chat with several dozen Peninsula residents, Rigell flouted a wide range of political conventions, all to push his basic message
that what's wrong in Washington can be fixed.
The problem, he said, is simple: "Apathy
that little voice that says this problem is too big ... this gridlock is too much."
Rigell's Town Hall meeting at Thomas Nelson Community College started with some tough questioning about climate change, fueled in part by his comments that he's a big supporter of offshore energy development.
Rigell said he believes human activity contributes to climate change, but is concerned that the U.S. doesn't harm its economy while cutting emissions if other big polluters don't move at the same time.
And he told the group that legislation he plans to introduce next week would also try to open the door to wind-based power generation offshore. Afterward, he said he also hopes the legislation will encourage development of tidal energy to generate electricity.
Rigell believes offshore energy development could generate 25,000 jobs in Hampton Roads, and said recent trips to the Gulf Coast have shown him the economic payoff is huge.
"Down there they say: 'Two years away from 60K
Whoooo!' That's good stuff and it happens," he said. "Think about getting out of school and being two years away from making $60,000."
Rigell said he would support legislation to prohibit discrimination against gays, lesbians and transgender people, when asked about his views on the recent controversy over Indiana's religious freedom law.
"Our business prospered because of the gays and lesbians who worked and who were our customers," he said. "To me a person should not be discriminated against
if you want a cake, I'll bake a cake."
But, he continued, "Help me and help those who have a deep and sincere convictions who wrestle with this."
He said that he's concerned that casting the issue as only a matter of law makes it hard to find a path forward.
"Where's the heart in it, where's the gentle thoughtfulness?" he said.
On other issues, Rigell said he would support measures to allow military personnel and veterans to bring personal weapons onto federal facilities and will continue to try to end rules that keep some disabled veterans from being able to receive both disability and retirement benefits.
And he hit again a long standing theme that excessive partisan is keeping Washington from doing anything.
"Finding common ground must be done," he said. "For anything to get done we have to have some Democratic colleagues come along with us, and in doing so, some Republicans will peel off."
Rigell said its unhealthy when "any time a guy like me, a Republican, goes up to a microphone and has some constructive criticism, they'll all say it's all about politics."
But sometimes, he said, it can't be.
One example, from just a few months after he took office, was his outrage when President Barack Obama ordered missile attacks on Libya without congressional approval.
"We dump 223 Tomahawk missiles and we're almost indifferent to it as American people," he said, his voice rising. He was so upset that he introduced legislation to cancel funds for the operation, and voted for a similar measure from left wing Democrat Dennis Kucinich, to the dismay of GOP leaders.
"I'm going out on another limb, he said.
"There's a kind of gunslinger mindset , the leaders said 'Scott, you're going be labeled weak on defense.' But my definition of supporting the troops is to make sure if we do send them into harms way, it's because there's a law and we've given them every asset we can to make sure they come home safe."
Helpful Resources
Watch live floor proceedings in the House of Representatives (when in session)
See whats happening in the U.S. Senate
2015 House Legislative Calendar (114th Congress, First Session)
WEBSITE
|
UNSUBSCRIBE
|
CONTACT
Click Here Click Here