
April 3, 2015
IN THIS ISSUE:
Senator Collins Addresses Hyperpartisanship in Washington, Delivers
Keynote Lecture at UMaine
Senator Collins Visits Aroostook County's Pineland Farms Naturally
Potatoes
Senator Collins and WCSH's Pat Callaghan Discuss Efforts to Defeat
Alzheimer's Disease
Senator Collins Speaks on Leadership Ethics at UMaine
Meeting with Mainers
Senator Collins Addresses Hyperpartisanship in Washington, Delivers
Keynote Lecture at UMaine
Senator Collins delivered the Margaret Chase Smith Public Affairs
Lecture at the University of Maine this week. The address, "Incivility
and Hyperpartisanship: Is Washington a Symptom or a Cause," discussed
the prevalence of polarization, division, and dysfunction in our
nation's capital and how we can address these challenges to achieve
progress.
Top: Peter Mills, Chair, MCS Policy Center Advisory Committee,
Laura Lindenfeld, Director, MCS Policy Center Advisory Center,
UMaine President Susan Hunter
Known for her work in facilitating bipartisan compromise, Senator
Collins spoke on the need for civility and respect for differing
viewpoints:
".incivility by political leaders sends a message to our society that
such discourse is acceptable, while the increasing coarseness in our
society is a green light to divisive politicians. Each reflects the
other. One insult generates another, ad infinitum and ad nauseum...
"In Washington, we who represent the people of this great nation must
put progress over partisanship, statesmanship over stridency, and
compromise over conflict. That would produce a very different
legislative climate, one in which the objective is to solve the
problem, not just to score political points."
For the full text of Senator Collins' lecture at the University of
Maine click here
.
Senator Collins Visits Aroostook County's Pineland Farms Naturally
Potatoes
Senator Collins visited Aroostook County this week to meet with the
President and CEO of Pineland Farms Naturally Potatoes and to receive a
tour of the plant in Mars Hill. This plant employs about 140 Mainers
and produces refrigerated potatoes for retail and food service
throughout the United States. Senator Collins had the opportunity to
speak directly with employees and the company's leadership about the
importance of growing and protecting good paying jobs in Maine.
Senator Collins and the staff at Pineland Farms Naturally Potatoes
>From WAGM-TV
:
"Senator Susan Collins paid the County a visit this afternoon, as she
stopped by Pineland Farms in Mars Hill for a tour of the facility. Sen.
Collins applauded the success and growth of Pineland Farms, which has
grown to 140 full time employees and recently increased their
processing capacity to provide refrigerated potato products to grocers
and restaurant chains.
"'We need to look for opportunities to add value to our natural
resource base in Aroostook County,' said Collins.
"Collins also said that Maine products are building a reputation
nationwide, and taking advantage of our natural resources is important
to the State's economy.
"'There's a real County mystique and Maine mystique to products and
foods that are made and grown in Maine,' said Collins. 'And I think we
should take advantage of that.'"
For the full story click here
.
Senator Collins and WCSH's Pat Callaghan Discuss Efforts to Defeat
Alzheimer's Disease
Earlier this week, Senator Collins, Chairman of the Senate Aging
Committee, sat down with WCSH's Pat Callaghan to discuss a recent
Committee hearing on our nation's fight against Alzheimer's disease.
To watch Senator Collins interview with Pat Callaghan click here
.
In her interview, Senator Collins noted:
"We are spending an astonishing $226 billion a year as a society caring
for people with Alzheimer's.If the current trajectory of this disease
is not changed, it's expected to consume a trillion dollars by the year
2050, not to mention the human suffering that it causes. Currently, we
are only spending $600 million on research. Alzheimer's is the only
deadly disease in the top ten without a means of prevention, effective
treatment, or a cure...."
During consideration of the Senate Budget Resolution last week, Senator
Collins also introduced an amendment, which passed with bipartisan
support, that called for an increase in our federal investment in
Alzheimer's research.
Senator Collins Speaks on Leadership Ethics at UMaine
In addition to the Margaret Chase Smith Public Affairs Lecture, Senator
Collins served as a guest lecturer for a Leadership Ethics class at the
University of Maine. The class is taught by the University of Maine
System Chancellor Jim Page, and focuses on how leaders weigh various
pressures and find balance when making decisions. Senator Collins spoke
to the class on some of the challenging decisions that she has made
throughout her career.
Meeting with Mainers
Senator Collins always makes time to meet individually with
constituents- either Mainers who are visiting Washington, D.C. or at
home in Maine.
She values hearing from Mainers on a wide range of topics. Here are a
few photos from recent meetings:
Left: Nora Brennen, Topsham
Right: Caroline and Aidan Sweeney, Gray
OFFICE OF SENATOR SUSAN COLLINS
413 Dirksen Senate Office Building
Washington, D.C. 20510
Phone: (202) 224-2523
Fax: (202) 224-2693
To UNSUBSCRIBE, please click here
DEFAULT TABLE ATTRIBUTES ARE:
DEFAULT TD STYLE IS:
DEFAULT LEFT SIDEBAR IS:
DEFAULT RIGHT COLUMN IS:
Can't
see the images? Make sure your e-mail is set to download pictures in order to see the full content
of this e-newsletter.
April
3, 2015
IN
THIS ISSUE:
Senator Collins Addresses
Hyperpartisanship in Washington, Delivers Keynote Lecture at UMaine
Senator Collins Visits
Aroostook County's Pineland Farms Naturally Potatoes
Senator Collins and
WCSH&#8217;s Pat Callaghan Discuss Efforts to Defeat Alzheimer's Disease
Senator Collins Speaks
on Leadership Ethics at UMaine
Meeting
with Mainers
Senator
Collins Addresses Hyperpartisanship in Washington, Delivers Keynote Lecture at UMaine
Senator Collins delivered the Margaret Chase Smith Public Affairs Lecture at the University of Maine
this week. The address, &#8220;Incivility and Hyperpartisanship: Is Washington a Symptom or a Cause,&#8221;
discussed the prevalence of polarization, division, and dysfunction in our nation&#8217;s capital and
how we can address these challenges to achieve progress.
Top: Peter Mills,
Chair, MCS Policy Center Advisory Committee, Laura Lindenfeld, Director, MCS Policy Center Advisory
Center,
UMaine President Susan Hunter
Known for her work in facilitating bipartisan compromise, Senator Collins spoke on the need for civility
and respect for differing viewpoints:
&#8220;&#8230;incivility by political leaders sends a message to our society that such discourse
is acceptable, while the increasing coarseness in our society is a green light to divisive politicians.
Each reflects the other. One insult generates another, ad infinitum and ad nauseum...
"In Washington, we who represent the people of this great nation must put progress over partisanship,
statesmanship over stridency, and compromise over conflict. That would produce a very different legislative
climate, one in which the objective is to solve the problem, not just to score political points.&#8221;
For the full text of Senator Collins' lecture at the University of Maine click
here .
Senator Collins Visits Aroostook County's Pineland Farms Naturally
Potatoes
Senator Collins visited Aroostook County this week to meet with the President and CEO
of Pineland Farms Naturally Potatoes and to receive a tour of the plant in Mars Hill. This plant
employs about 140 Mainers and produces refrigerated potatoes for retail and food service throughout the
United States. Senator Collins had the opportunity to speak directly with employees and the company&#8217;s
leadership about the importance of growing and protecting good paying jobs in Maine.
Senator
Collins and the staff at Pineland Farms Naturally Potatoes
From
WAGM-TV :
"Senator Susan Collins paid the County a visit this afternoon, as she stopped by Pineland Farms in
Mars Hill for a tour of the facility. Sen. Collins applauded the success and growth of Pineland Farms,
which has grown to 140 full time employees and recently increased their processing capacity to provide
refrigerated potato products to grocers and restaurant chains.
"'We need to look for opportunities to add value to our natural resource base in Aroostook County,'
said Collins.
"Collins also said that Maine products are building a reputation nationwide, and taking advantage
of our natural resources is important to the State&#8217;s economy.
"'There&#8217;s a real County mystique and Maine mystique to products and foods that are made and
grown in Maine,' said Collins. 'And I think we should take advantage of that.'&#8221;
For the full story click
here .
Senator Collins and WCSH&#8217;s Pat Callaghan
Discuss Efforts to Defeat Alzheimer's Disease
Earlier this week, Senator Collins, Chairman of
the Senate Aging Committee, sat down with WCSH&#8217;s Pat Callaghan to discuss a recent Committee hearing
on our nation&#8217;s fight against Alzheimer&#8217;s disease.
To
watch Senator Collins interview with Pat Callaghan click
here .
In
her interview, Senator Collins noted:
"We are spending
an astonishing $226 billion a year as a society caring for people with Alzheimer&#8217;s&#8230;If the
current trajectory of this disease is not changed, it&#8217;s expected to consume a trillion dollars
by the year 2050, not to mention the human suffering that it causes. Currently, we are only spending
$600 million on research&#8230; Alzheimer&#8217;s is the only deadly disease in the top ten without a
means of prevention, effective treatment, or a cure....&#8221;
During consideration of the Senate Budget Resolution last week, Senator Collins also introduced
an amendment, which passed with bipartisan support, that called for an increase in our federal investment
in Alzheimer&#8217;s research.
Senator Collins Speaks on Leadership Ethics
at UMaine
In addition to the Margaret Chase Smith Public Affairs Lecture, Senator Collins served as a guest
lecturer for a Leadership Ethics class at the University of Maine. The class is taught by the University
of Maine System Chancellor Jim Page, and focuses on how leaders weigh various pressures and find balance
when making decisions. Senator Collins spoke to the class on some of the challenging decisions that she
has made throughout her career.
Meeting
with Mainers
Senator Collins always makes time to meet individually with constituents&#8212; either Mainers who
are visiting Washington, D.C. or at home in Maine.
She values hearing from Mainers on a wide range of topics. Here are a few photos from recent meetings:
Left: Nora Brennen, Topsham Right:
Caroline and Aidan Sweeney, Gray
OFFICE OF SENATOR SUSAN COLLINS
413 Dirksen Senate Office Building Washington,
D.C. 20510 Phone: (202) 224-2523 Fax: (202) 224-2693
To UNSUBSCRIBE,
please
click here
