
Friday April 17, 2015
SHARE ON:
A Simpler, Fairer Tax Code is Long Overdue
This week put another Tax Day in the books, a vivid reminder of an ever-present truth: The tax burden on hardworking families is far too high and take-home pay is far too low. Our tax code is so complex, unfair and outdated, its no wonder the last time major tax reform legislation was signed into law was in 1986. Its past time for a dramatic overhaul. Reforming the tax code will boost stagnant wages, provide relief for families and small businesses, increase Americas competitiveness, and bring in more revenue through economic growth and job creation. I am committed to working in a bipartisan way to get it done.
Weekly Update :
Hosted a "Growing Jobs in Michigan" town hall meeting at the Jackson Area Career Center along with a panel of local business leaders to discuss solutions for job creation
Held a coffee hour at the Public House Restaurant in Monroe to answer questions from constituents
Met with
Ryan Irwin , Assistant Principal at Airport High School in Carleton, and winner of Michigans Assistant Principal of the Year for 2015
Spoke at an Oversight and Government Reform hearing about why the President's health care law is making Tax Day more complicated and costly. Watch the video
here.
Voted to repeal the death tax, a unfair 40 percent tax on savings that have already been taxed, which affects many family farms and small businesses at the time of a loved ones death
Helped pass a series of eight bipartisan bills to protect taxpayer rights, rein in IRS abuse, and increase accountability and transparency at the IRS
In the News:
Adrian Daily Telegram op-ed |
Tax Day reminds why we need a simpler, fairer tax code
WLNS |
Tim Walberg Hosts Town Hall Meeting, Focus On Creating Jobs
Jackson Cit Pat |
Growing jobs topic of public meeting with U.S. Congressman Tim Walberg
WTVB |
Congressman Walberg supports repeal of Death Tax in U.S. House
Press Release |
Paul, Walberg Applaud Grassley for Highlighting Civil Asset Forfeiture Abuse
Press Release |
Walberg: Protect Michigan Families, Repeal Unfair Death Tax
Press Release |
Walberg Votes to Protect Taxpayers, Rein in IRS Abuse
Need to Know:
Please visit my
website
for a full record of my votes.
For even more information, please follow me on
Facebook ,
Twitter
and
Instagram .
NOTE: Please DO NOT respond to this email as this inbox is unattended. To contact my office please
click here
UPDATE SUBSCRIPTION OPTIONS
|
PRIVACY POLICY
|
CONTACT US
Click Here Click Here