DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.0 Transitional//EN" "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml1/DTD/xhtml1-transitional.dtd"
April 2, 2015
Visit My Website
|
Forward to a Friend
| Find me on:
Protecting American Workers
In recent weeks, it has been confirmed that the presidents
unilateral amnesty executive orders will allow millions of
otherwise-illegal immigrants to claim the Earned Income Tax Credit
(EITC)
a widely successful welfare-to-work tax provision designed for
low-income American workers. Not only will illegal immigrants be allowed
to claim this credit, they will also be able to collect EITC refunds on
earnings from previously unauthorized work. Put simply, the president
has transformed the EITC into a cash bonus for those who have been
working in the U.S. illegally.
To better safeguard taxpayer dollars and protect the EITC for legal American workers, I have introduced the
Fairness for Americans in Internal Revenue Refunds (FAIRR) Act . The bill would make ineligible for the EITC all those who the president has granted a unilateral reprieve from our immigration laws. This would also apply to any unilateral amnesty directive the president might issue in the future.
The EITC has been successful in helping millions of low-income American workers lift themselves and their families out of poverty. The
FAIRR Act
would better ensure the EITCs continued effectiveness by stopping the president from using it as a reward for illegal immigration.
To read a one page summary of the
FAIRR Act , please click
here .
IRS Email Transparency Act
Advances
Marchant bill banning use of personal email for IRS business passes Ways and Means
The Ways and Means Committee voted without objection to advance my
IRS Email Transparency Act . The legislation legally prohibits IRS officers and employees from using personal email accounts for official business. The use of personal email for official IRS business jeopardizes the security of confidential taxpayer information and allows the IRS to operate outside the scope of proper scrutiny. The
IRS Email Transparency Act
would shine a light on this reckless practice, make it against the law, and better protect the American people.
My full statement following the advancement of the
IRS Email Transparency Act
can be found
here .
House Passes Conservative, Balanced 2016 Budget
The 2016 House Republican Budget is a fiscally and
constitutionally conservative roadmap to a healthier American economy.
Unlike the president's budget
which never balances even after its $2.1
trillion in tax hikes
the proposal reduces spending by $5.5 trillion
and achieves balance in less than 10 years without any tax increases. It
also fully repeals Obamacare, helps strengthen Social Security and
Medicare, and ensures a strong national defense.
I fully support using
the process of budget reconciliation as an additional legislative
mechanism to repeal Obamacare. But, to do that, we must first pass a
budget. I voted for the 2016 House Republican Budget because it advances
that strategy and builds a stronger American economy by making
Washington more accountable to hardworking taxpayers.
More information about the Fiscal Year 2016 House Republican Budget can be found
here .
Irving Arts Center
I recently met with
representatives from the Irving Arts Center. I appreciate their taking
the time to speak with me about the importance of the arts in our community. Their work to further arts education has had a lasting
positive impact on countless children and families in North Texas.
For more information about the Irving Arts Center, please click
here .
Special Olympics Texas
Gatehouse Grand Openi ng in Grapevine
Congratulations to all the athletes who recently competed in the Special Olympics Texas Track and Field Games. Im honored to recognize each and every one of these young competitors for their hard work and success. Thanks go out to the Grapevine-Colleyville and Carrollton-Farmers Branch Independent School Districts for hosting these local events.
To learn more about events and volunteer opportunities offered by Special Olympics Texas, please click
here .
This past week marked the grand opening of
The Gatehouse
community in Grapevine. The now-completed, faith-based residential development will provide refuge to victims of domestic violence in a safely secured community. While at Gatehouse, families will also have access to counseling and other services to assist them in rebuilding their lives.
To help commemorate the opening and recognize projects incredible mission, my office presented The Gatehouse with an American flag that was flown over the U.S. Capitol in their honor.
North Texas Service Academies Forum
High school and middle school students of North Texas are invited to attend a Military Service Academies Forum that will be held at Lewisville High School on Saturday, April 11, 2015 from 8:00 AM to 12:00 Noon.
The event will offer students and parents a unique opportunity to learn about the exemplary education offered at our nations service academies, the application process, and career paths available after graduation.
You can learn more about this year's Service Academies Forum
here .
Happy Easter to You and Your Loved Ones
Click the "Like" button and follow me on Facebook to get daily updates on how I am serving you and the 24th District of Texas.
It is an honor to represent you in Washington and I value your input. Please don't hesitate to contact one of my offices or
send me an email .
UPDATE SUBSCRIPTION OPTIONS
|
PRIVACY POLICY
|
CONTACT US
