
April 17, 2015
Friend,
We know so little about the effects of toxic exposures on veterans: whether it&rsquo;s depleted uranium, pollutants from burn pits, or nerve gas in unexploded ordinance, we only know that the modern battlefield has perils even for the veteran who hasn&rsquo;t been directly exposed to combat fire. These pernicious toxic wounds can affect not only them, but their children and grandchildren &ndash; in the form of birth defects, blood and brain cancers, and other insidious conditions resulting from poisonous contaminants.
Veterans who step forward to serve and sacrifice haven&rsquo;t signed up their children or grandchildren. They are willing to take risks and even sacrifice their lives, but they&rsquo;re not volunteering for their families to suffer effects of toxic exposure.
That&rsquo;s why I&rsquo;ve worked with my colleagues in Congress to introduce S. 901, the Toxic Exposure Research Act of 2015. This bipartisan piece of legislation will not only help our veterans, it will provide research and relief for their families.
We need to know more.
This bill would require the Department of Veterans&rsquo; Affairs to establish a national center for research on diagnostic techniques and treatments for toxic exposure. It would require the implementation of a 13-person advisory board to advise the VA, the Department of Health and Human Services, and other government agencies as to how they can better assist veterans and their families who are dealing with the effects of toxic exposure.
And perhaps most important: it demands disclosure. This bill would authorize the Secretary of Defense to declassify documents related to incidents in which at least 100 members of the Armed Forces were exposed to a toxic substance that resulted in at least one case of a disability caused by exposure.
Please, watch my remarks about this important piece of legislation, and I invite you to forward it to a friend:
Thank You,
Senator Richard Blumenthal
PS -
As I serve as Ranking Member of the Senate Committee on Veterans&rsquo; Affairs in the 114th Congress I will always advocate for our men and women in uniform. For up-to-date information on my work on the committee, please visit
www.veterans.senate.gov .
Please click here to unsubscribe.
