
Mail begin
If you are having trouble
viewing this message or would like to share it on a social network,
you can
view the message
online .
HOME
ABOUT
CONTACT ME
SERVING YOU
MEDIA CENTER
ISSUES &amp; LEGISLATION
OUR
DISTRICT
May 01, 2015
Dear Friend,
With my
support, the House passed a joint balanced budget agreement with the
Senate this week, laying out a blueprint for our spending bills going
forward. We also debated two appropriations bills for some of our biggest
federal agencies this week, which marks the fastest beginning to the
annual appropriations process since 1974. It has been 14 years since
the House and Senate joined together to pass this kind of budget
blueprint, one that will help us continue our efforts to restore financial
sanity and stop the out-of-control spending.
The highlight
of my week was spending time with some of our Central Valley Honor
Flight vets while their group visited the Vietnam Veterans Memorial on
Tuesday afternoon.
I am forever thankful for our servicemen and women and their
exemplary service, and seeing them visit the memorials dedicated on their
behalf is a special honor.
Click here to see
more photos .
This week I
wrote a letter
with Congressman McNerney, who
represents Stockton, to Sens. Mark Kirk (R-IL) and Jon Tester (D-MT),
Chairman and Ranking Member of the Senate Appropriations Committees
Military Construction and Veterans Affairs Subcommittee, requesting that
the Senate fund the VAs Livermore Realignment Project in French
Camp.
I supported the Presidents budget request of $139
million for the Livermore Realignment Project when it was introduced in
February of this year. The House Appropriations Committees Fiscal Year
2016 Military Construction and Veterans Affairs Appropriations bill did
not include funding for the project, but as I mentioned last week,
Congress cannot not short the Administrations requirement by
underfunding facilities that our vets need today because of the VAs cost
overruns and mismanaged projects. Our veterans should not have to pay the
price for the VAs negligence.
The Senate will have the
opportunity to mark up their own FY 2016 Military Construction/Veterans
Affairs Appropriations Bill, which falls under Sens. Kirk and Testers
jurisdiction, and match it with the Houses version before it becomes
law.
Funding for French Camp is long overdue. Central
Valley veterans have waited far too long for construction to begin. The
project is shovel-ready and will eliminate the six-hour roundtrip many
of our vets have to endure regularly to have access to quality
healthcare. This comes after years of work to get the project moved up the
VAs priority list. There are still many months to go in this debate and
this weeks letter is just one step Im taking to make sure this gets
built for our veterans.
On Wednesday I introduced two
pieces of legislation designed to help the Central Valley cope with
ongoing drought by examining ways to protect native fish and restoring
local control of the New Melones dam. The first, H.R. 2086, establishes a
pilot program on the Stanislaus River to protect native salmon and
steelhead fish populations. The second, H.R. 2085, establishes a process
for local organizations to regain control of New Melones, ensuring
agencies with the best understanding of the Valleys needs will be able
to manage the reservoir.
Anyone concerned about
protecting native fish in our rivers should be supportive of my first bill.
Research from fishery agencies and the broader scientific community
clearly shows that predator fish pose a serious and ongoing threat. Were
spending far too much money and prioritizing far too much water towards
these fish to let them be killed off by non-native species. This
pilot program should be part of the ongoing conversation about protecting
fish.
The program would be jointly conducted by the
National Marine Fisheries Service, the Oakdale Irrigation District (OID)
and the South San Joaquin Irrigation District (SSJID). It would also be
scientifically-based, developed in consultation with federal and state
fish agencies and include a rigorous monitoring and reporting
program. The measure requires the OID and SSJID to pay for the cost of the
pilot program and produce a peer-reviewed document at the conclusion of
the program recommending best practices for additional efforts on the
Stanislaus River and other streams in California. The pilot program
will take place solely on the Stanislaus River and last for 5
years.
The second piece of legislation directs the Secretary of the
Interior to enter into negotiations with local water and power
providers to transfer ownership and control of New Melones dam to interested
parties.
Our local irrigation and power districts are
more than qualified to manage our water resources in a way that protects
agriculture, families and the environment. This second bill would
empower local public agencies to better serve the needs of their Central
Valley customers and allocate water appropriately, especially in
drought-stricken years.
I was honored with the Chamber of Commerces Spirit of
Enterprise Award for my dedication to job creation and support of
policies to help businesses, small and large,
succeed.
I spoke to the Global Business Travel Association on Tuesday about my
efforts to pass passenger rail reform (PRRIA) through the House
earlier this year.
The group
expressed their support for my Pets on Trains bill and we discussed
ways to work together to help make travel more accessible and easier
for all.
One final reminder
the 2015 Central Valley Job
Fair &amp; Veterans Summit takes place next Thursday. Im looking
forward to a week in the Valley and I hope you will join us at the job
fair!
More information is available through my
website .
As always you can connect with me on
Facebook ,
Twitter ,
YouTube
and
Instagram
for real-time updates and
policy discussion.
Have a great weekend!
JEFF
DENHAM
DON'T MISS THE 2015 CENTRAL VALLEY JOB FAIR &amp; VETERANS
SUMMIT
Thursday, May 7, 2015
Doors open at noon for veterans,
12:30 for the public
Modesto SOS Club
819 Sunset Avenue
Modesto ,
CA
95351
More info:
www.denham.house.gov
Would you support my
legislation to establish a predator suppression fish program on the
Stanislaus River? Yes No Would you support my
legislation to give control of the New Melones Dam to local
agencies? Yes No *By answering this survey,
you are subscribing to my newsletter. If you are having
trouble, click here.
E-mail Updates
Yes, please periodically send
me e-mail updates.*
*By
subscribing to my
e-mail updates, you are authorizing me to send
regular e-mail updates from my office to your e-mail
account.
DC
office:
1730 Longworth HOB
Washington, DC
20515
P: 202-225-4540
F: 202-225-3402
Modesto Office:
4701 Sisk Road, Suite
202
Modesto, CA 95356
P: 209-579-5458
F: 209-579-5028
Unsubscribe
|
Update My Profile
|
Privacy
Policy
