
APR
10
News from Senator Ayotte's Office
Dear Friends,
This week, I had the opportunity to update members of the Business and Industry Association on my legislative efforts to boost New Hampshire businesses. I also stopped by Henry Wilson Elementary School in Manchester to speak with the 4th grade class about what it's like to be a U.S. Senator. I was invited to visit the school by a very special student, Michael, who I met at the City Year Starry Starry Night gala recently. It was great to see the good work the City Year corps is doing in our state.
Also this week I visited the InterOperability Lab and Coastal Research Response Center at UNH. I am incredibly impressed with the students, faculty and staff at both programs. They have such a positive story to tell, and are doing innovative work that advances science and technology here in New Hampshire and around the globe.
On Thursday, New Hampshire members of American Medical Response and the American Ambulance Association endorsed the Opioid Overdose Reduction Act, bipartisan legislation I introduced to protect first responders, health professionals and family members trained in administering and steps to be taken after administering an opioid overdose prevention drug like naloxone (trade name Narcan) in an emergency incidence of drug overdose. I firmly believe that local, state and federal officials must work together to address the opioid epidemic in New Hampshire, and this legislation is one of several bills I have introduced to that end.
This weekend I am looking forward to attending the Hillsborough County Child Advocacy Gala with my husband Joe, and spending some time outdoors with my kids in the warmer weather that's finally been forecast for the Granite State.
Read on for more updates from my office, and have a wonderful weekend.
Senator Ayotte with City Year NH corps, Manchester School District Superintendent Dr. Debra Livingston and Michael, the fourth-grader who invited her to tour Wilson Elementary
Nashua Telegraph:
Nashua police, EMTs back Ayotte's anti-overdose measure
By Chris Garofolo
April 10, 2015
Two leading emergency response organizations on Thursday formally endorsed legislation, sponsored by U.S. Sen. Kelly Ayotte, that offers better protection to individuals who administer opioid overdose prevention drugs.
Ayotte, a Republican from Nashua, appeared at the American Medical Response facility on West Hollis Street to tout the benefits of the Opioid Overdose Reduction Act she introduced with fellow Sens. Edward Markey, D-Mass., and Tim Kaine, D-Va., saying the measure will reduce the fear of prosecution for those on the front lines fighting the unprecedented upswing in drug-related cases. "Unfortunately in our state we have seen an epidemic of heroin overdoses - and this is an issue that is not unique to New Hampshire - but I've met with New Hampshire families who have lost children; who have suffered so much because their loved ones have become addicted to heroin or other opioid drugs, including prescription drugs," Ayotte said standing in front of an AMR ambulance within the docking area of their Nashua station.
The legislation offers extra safeguards for emergency responders, as well as health professionals and family members educated in the administering of an opioid overdose prevention drug like naloxone - commonly known as Narcan - in the event of an overdose.
Use of Narcan has been on the rise given the elevated opioid abuse in the region. The death rate nationwide from heroin overdoses have quadrupled since 2000. New Hampshire alone had 300 deaths attributed to drug overdoses last year.
Read More
Union Leader: A Dodd-Frank fix: Ayotte pursues one
Union Leader
Editorial
April 8, 2015
U.S. Sen. Kelly Ayotte wants to save New Hampshire's small, community banks by amending a federal law that is devastating small banks across the country. There is no time to lose.
Ayotte is concerned that the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act, which was supposed to fix the "too big to fail" problem in America's banking system and weaken the power of large financial institutions, is forcing small banks out of business. It is.
Read More
NH Delegation requests extended public comment period for Northern Pass draft environmental impact study
Senators Kelly Ayotte and Jeanne Shaheen, along with Representatives Annie Kuster and Frank Guinta, are calling on the Department of Energy (DOE) to provide an extended public comment period following the agency's release of the Draft Environmental Impact Statement (EIS) for the proposed Northern Pass Transmission Project. The Draft EIS is expected to be released this spring, and will likely contain multiple volumes, detailed maps and appendices that will include approximately 2,000 pages of materials. Therefore, it is imperative that DOE allow ample time for New Hampshire residents to thoroughly analyze the Draft EIS and share their views and concerns.
"We respectfully request that all public hearings be scheduled at least 90 days after the release date of the draft EIS and that public comments be accepted for at least 90 days after the final public hearing date. This will ensure that New Hampshire stakeholders will have the necessary time to analyze, process, and comment on the draft EIS," the delegation members wrote.
Read More
Ayotte touts bill to fix Medicare reimbursements
Dave Solomon,
New Hampshire Union Leader
A new way for Medicare to pay doctors, approved in a bipartisan U.S. House vote, will sail through the Senate, according to Sen. Kelly Ayotte, R-N.H.
The state's junior senator was the keynote speaker at a legislative briefing for New Hampshire business leaders on Monday, hosted by the Business and Industry Association.
She praised a 392-37 vote by the House of Representatives last Thursday on a bill to repair the formula for reimbursing physicians whose patients rely on Medicare, after nearly 20 years of stopgap measures.
The bill, promoted by Republican House Speaker John Boehner and Democratic Leader Nancy Pelosi, fixes a long-standing problem with how Me d i c a r e pays doctors and makes adjustments to the health i n s u r a n c e program for seniors. It also extends the Children's Health Insurance Program (CHIP) and funding for community health centers for another two years.
Ayotte said she expects bipartisan support in the Senate as well, when it reconvenes after the Easter break.
"When we return, I expect it will get a strong vote in the Senate and I'm glad we resolved this," she said. "Our physicians spend so much time worrying about this (Medicare) fix that we often don't get to the other challenges we face in health care."
Read More
Senators Ayotte, Graham tour New Hampshire Ball Bearings, discuss Export-Import Bank
On Thursday, Senators Ayotte and Graham toured New Hampshire Ball Bearings in Laconia. During their visit, the Senators toured the manufacturing facility and answered questions from NHBB staff and management. The Senators also stressed the importance of reauthorizing the Export-Import Bank, which has supported 36 New Hampshire Businesses over the last 7 years.
Since 2005, the bank has generated more than $3.4 billion to the Treasury above all cost and loss reserves. And 90 percent of all transactions go to small and medium-sized businesses. The Ex-Im bank is a financial institution that helps exporters access capital that they otherwise couldn't obtain in the commercial market. Other countries have comparable banks, so from a jobs and competitiveness perspective, renewing the bank's charter is important. The bank is a self-sustaining agency: Ex-Im turns a profit for the taxpayer.
This is a source of financing that's otherwise unavailable for US exporters that helps New Hampshire companies compete in the global marketplace while returning billions to the Treasury for deficit reduction. Both Senators Ayotte and Graham joined a bipartisan group of senators last month in introducing legislation that would reauthorize and reform the Export-Import Bank. The bill would reauthorize the Bank's charter until September 30, 2019, increase small business lending, support American jobs and minimize risk to taxpayers by enhancing bank oversight.
Photos of the Week
Senator Ayotte with Gerri Moriarty, a CASA board member
Touring Corfin Industries in Salem
With Scott Spradling, Donna Morris and Will Stewart at this week's Chamber of Commerce breakfast
At the NH Fire Chiefs' training luncheon
Speaking to members of the NH Grocers' Association
Warm Regards,
Kelly Ayotte
United States Senator
Email Kelly
Manchester Office
1200 Elm Street, Suite 2
Manchester, NH 03101 Phone:
603-622-7979
Nashua Office
144 Main Street
Nashua, NH 03060 Phone:
603-880-3335
North Country Office 19 Pleasant Street, Suite 13B
Berlin, NH 03570 Phone:
603-752-7702 Fax:
603-752-7704
Portsmouth Office
14 Manchester Square, Ste 140
Portsmouth, NH 03801 Phone:
603-436-7161
Washington, DC
144 Russell Senate Office Building
Washington, DC 20510
Phone:
202-224-3324
Email Kelly
|
ayotte.senate.gov
|
Unsubscribe
