
Website
|
About
|
Contact Me
|
Serving You
|
Media Center
|
Legislative Work
|
Our District
|
Resources
April 3, 2015
The Scalise Capitol Report
Preventing a Nuclear-Armed Iran
President Obama just announced the framework of a deal with Iran. Serious questions remain surrounding the parameters of this proposed framework reached between the P5+1 and Iran in their nuclear negotiations. The Iranian regime
continues to promote terror throughout the Middle East, and I'm concerned with the extent of sanctions relief and integrity of verification measures involved in this deal with Iran. The president must work with Congress to address our concerns and ensure that there is wide bipartisan support before a final deal is reached. Considering what is at stake for America, I share Israeli Prime Minister Netanyahu's belief that, "no deal is better than a bad deal." The American people and our allies in the Middle East deserve nothing less.
Keeping Public Health and Safety a Top Priority
Recently, the Tulane National Primate Research Center notified my office that in November two animals at its center were infected with the bacteria Burkholderia pseudomallei, which is the cause of melioidosis. Both state and federal government agencies were involved in a joint investigation of this incident because of the potential spread of bacteria, which Tulane and the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention (CDC) have said is negligible. Regardless, after personally meeting with CDC Director Dr. Thomas Frieden and speaking with St. Tammany Parish President Pat Brister, I will continue pushing to ensure that all precautions are taken at the federal level to monitor the Primate Research Center and that all agencies involved are
keeping the health and safety of the public as the top priority . As I continue to monitor this situation, my staff and I will ensure that all the federal agencies involved are taking every precaution to identify what went wrong and to prevent it from happening again.
Meeting with CDC Director Dr. Thomas Frieden in February
Addressing Another Veto From President Obama
With yet another veto, President Obama has said no to jobs and the rights of hardworking Americans. By bowing to the special interests of big labor, he rejected legislation that disapproved of the National Labor Relations Boards ambush elections rule. This veto continues the Obama Administrations assault on America's labor laws to tilt the balance unfairly in favor of labor unions. However, the House will continue fighting for the rights of all hardworking Americans who believe in the right to work freely, and oppose the continued efforts by this Administration to reach beyond the limits of the law.
Reflecting on the Importance of Sacrifice
This is the special time of year we humbly reflect on and celebrate the ultimate sacrifice Jesus Christ made for all of humanity. During this Lenten season in preparation for Easter Sunday, I have given up all fried foods since Ash Wednesday. While making these little sacrifices pale in comparison to the ultimate sacrifice Jesus made for us all, these past 40 days of Lent have reminded me just how precious and priceless the gift of salvation truly is. Regardless of your faith, my prayer is that we all celebrate our religious beliefs free from the intrusion of a heavy-handed federal government. My family and I hope you and your loved ones have a blessed Easter.
It is an honor to represent you in Congress. For more information please visit my
website ,
Twitter ,
Instagram , and
Facebook
pages.
God Bless,
Steve Scalise
House Majority Whip
WEBSITE
|
UNSUBSCRIBE
|
CONTACT
Washington DC Office
2338 Rayburn HOB
Washington, DC 20515
Phone: (202) 225-3015
Houma Office
8026 Main Street
Suite 700
Houma, LA 70360
Phone: (985) 879-2300
Metairie Office
110 Veterans Boulevard
Suite 500
Metairie, LA 70005
Phone: (504) 837-1259
Mandeville Office
21454 Koop Drive
Suite 1E
Mandeville, LA 70471
Phone: (985) 893-9064
Hammond Office
1514 Martens Drive
Suite 10
Hammond, LA 70401
Phone: (985) 340-2185
Click Here Click Here