
Message from Congresswoman Beatty
Dear Constituent,
It is an honor to work for the residents of the Third Congressional District of Ohio as I continue my efforts to bring the District to Washington, and Washington to the District.
On January 15, 2015, I conducted my first tele-town hall listening session of the 114th Congress with thousands of constituents participating in the dialogue. I am proud to share that I have visited a range of sites across the district including the Defense Supply Center Columbus, the new Whitehall Library, and Schoenbaum Family Center, to name a few.
As a Member of the exclusive House Financial Services Committee, I have been working to preserve access to safe and affordable housing, increase efforts to promote a diverse workforce in our financial institutions, and help Americans build their financial literacy. Earlier this year, I offered two amendments to the Committee's Budget Views and Estimates that were accepted unanimously by all members.
On April 23, 2015, I introduced the bipartisan Housing Financial Literacy Act of 2015, H.R. 1908, a bill aimed at increasing first-time homebuyers' financial knowledge.
You can stay informed on legislative issues and my work on your behalf by following me on facebook.com/repjoycebeatty, on Twitter @repbeatty, and by signing up for digital newsletters at www.beatty.house.gov.
Sincerely,
Joyce Beatty
Member of Congress, OH-03
Legislative Update
Congresswoman Beatty speaks at a press conference about her anti-human trafficking bill. (January 27, 2015)
Beatty's Anti-Human Trafficking Bill Passes Senate with Unanimous Vote
Beatty's bipartisan legislation to combat child sex trafficking, H.R. 246, passed the House of Representatives by a vote of 411-0 on January 27, 2015.
The Senate unanimously passed the bill as part of the Justice for Victims of Trafficking Act, S. 178, on April 22, 2015. The bill would help reduce the instances and impact of child sex trafficking by de-criminalizing the behavior of victims and making it easier for people to report potential instances to the National Center for Missing and Exploited Children Cyber Tipline.
Remember, if you see something, say something.
Congresswoman Beatty led an initiative and was joined by twenty one Members of Congress in urging the House Appropriations Committee
to support the National Institute of Neurological Disorders and Stroke's research and prevention of stroke and traumatic brain injury. (March 26, 2015)
Beatty Spearheads $1.6 Billion Initiative to Secure Funding for Stroke and TBI
Millions of Americans suffer from and live with the consequences of a brain injury, whether from
a hit on the playing field, or an injury on the battlefield. As a stroke survivor, Congresswoman Beatty values the importance of receiving the treatments for stroke, traumatic brain injuries, and neurological disorders that have been developed with federal dollars.
Congresswoman Beatty led a coalition of Members of Congress to urge the House Appropriations Subcommittee on Labor, Health and Human Service and Education to provide $1.6 billion in funding for the National Institute of Neurological Disorders and Stroke (NINDS).
NINDS supports research to improve our basic understanding of the nervous system and leverages that knowledge to reduce the burden of neurological disorders.
In addition to leading the Appropriations letter, Rep. Beatty recently introduced a bipartisan bill, the Concussion Awareness and Education Act of 2015, H.R. 1271, which would create a comprehensive program with the National Institutes of Health and the Centers for Disease Control on the treatment, surveillance, and prevention of
concussion injuries.
Congresswoman Beatty Witnesses History as Loretta Lynch Becomes the Next U.S. Attorney General
Lynch's confirmation by a Senate vote of 56-43 is both well-deserved and
historic, as she will be the first African-American woman to serve as our country's top law enforcement official.
Beatty and a coalition of Members of Congress who are Delta Sigma Theta
Sorority, Incorporated sorors were early supporters of Mrs. Lynch along with other key stakeholders.
Beatty discusses confirmation strategy with Mrs. Lynch during a Senate hearing
on January 28, 2015.
Dr. Maya Angelou Stamp
Last Congress, Beatty introduced H. Res. 684 to secure a commemorative stamp fo r May a Angelou and spearheaded a bipartisan lett er to the US PS Citizens' Stamp Advisor y Committee urging the creation the stamp.
On April 7, 2015 Beatty joined FLOTUS, Oprah Winfrey, and the U.S. Postmaster General in dedicating the stamp.
OSU Football Team in DC
Rep. Beatty and Congressional colleagues met with The Ohio State University college Football National Playoff Champion in D.C. and discussed the legislative process.
OSU football team presents an honorary jersey to President Obama on April 20, 2015.
Tele-Town Hall Meeting
Tele-Town Hall
Wednesday, May 27, 2015
6:30-8:00 PM
Topic:
Veterans and Seniors
The event will connect constituents by phone to allow them to participate in a Third Congressional District of Ohio update and discussion about critical issues facing our veterans and seniors.
Congresswoman Joyce Beatty will reach out to Third Congressional District constituents by direct dial phone calls to households.
CLICK HERE TO RSVP
Grants Spotlight
Congresswoman Beatty is committed to securing funds and resources the community needs to continue thriving. We are proud to highlight the two grants below, just some of the recent grant money Beatty has been instrumental in delivering for the community.
$4,422,000 for Title X Family Planning Services Program to Ohio's Department of Health (announced by HHS on March 26, 2015). The funds will be used to provide comprehensive family planning and other related preventative health services to low-income or uninsured individuals.
$1.2 million to The Ohio State University to advance bioenergy development, or, more scientifically, to develop a cellulosic butanol production process with high productivities, yields, and carbon conversion through novel metabolic engineering of two different pathways (announced by DOE on February 20, 2015).
Washington, DC Office
133 Cannon House Building
Washington, DC 20515
Phone: (202) 225-4324
Fax: (202) 225-1984
Hours: Mon-Fri 9AM - 5PM
District Office
471 East Broad Street, Suite 1100
Columbus, OH 43215
Phone: (614) 220-0003
Fax: (614) 220-5640
Hours: Mon-Fri 9AM - 5PM
Click Here
to view this email in your browser
Click Here
to be removed from this list
Click Here
to view this email in your browser
Click Here
to be removed from this list