DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.0 Transitional//EN" "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml1/DTD/xhtml1-transitional.dtd"
May 1, 2015
Click here
if you have trouble viewing this email
Protecting our people
Dear Friend,
As a veteran, my role on the Armed Services Committee is especially important to me, and I am honored and humbled to serve in this capacity in support of our troops, their families, and our national security. This week, our committee adopted the
bipartisan defense policy bill
for the coming fiscal year, funding our military and establishing critical Department of Defense policy, including reforms to combat sexual assault and intimidation, improve protective equipment for our troops, fund vital research, development, and modernization efforts, and make it easier for small businesses in Upstate New York to compete for military contracts.
I am pleased to report
this bill contains several provisions I authored , including an amendment I worked on with the folks at the Saratoga War Horse Foundation to aid in the recovery of our wounded warriors and veterans through equine therapy. This initiative will help strengthen Department of Defense efforts to prevent suicide in veterans and assist returning service members recovering from PTSD and the mental anguish of war.
The defense policy bill also includes our provisions to shape the strategic vision of the Global Response Force, require implementation of programming to prevent and respond to gender-based violence, authorize the purchase of new systems to counter improvised explosive devices, and support ribonucleic acid technology research at SUNY Albany to fight infectious diseases among active duty personnel and veterans.
My staff and I deeply appreciate the guidance and advocacy of our veterans throughout this process, and we look forward to continuing our engagement across the House and Senate to see that these initiatives are signed into law.
This week was doubly important to the members of our Armed Forces because the House passed
the appropriations bill for military construction and veterans affairs , increasing spending by nearly $5 billion above current levels. This bill provides for military housing and follows through on our efforts to reform the VA healthcare system, improve records technology, expand suicide prevention and peer-to-peer outreach, and better assist personnel transitioning to civilian employment.
Of special importance in our region, this bill contains comprehensive report language to hold the VA accountable for ensuring appropriate access to health services for veterans who live in rural areas far from VA facilities. Veterans in Upstate New York should have ready access to treatment by non-VA healthcare providers near their home. My staff and I will continue our outreach to the VA and our coordination with local advocates to see that this programming is carried out successfully without delay.
Finally this week, we have wonderful news for the residents of Schoharie County and the hard-working men and women of the Schoharie County Sheriffs Department.
FEMA has finally signed off on our request
to support reconstruction of the countys flood-ravaged public safety building and jail. Since Hurricane Irene, my staff and I have been honored to work with elected officials at every level to see that FEMA provides Schoharie County with the assistance it deserves. We remain persistent in our efforts to see that our first responders have the resources they need to keep us safe, and that the ongoing flood recovery mission in Upstate New York continues with the federal support that is required.
Our work is driven by the priorities of the people of the 19th Congressional District. Please take a moment to share your concerns with me
in writing, over the phone, or in person . Tonight and tomorrow, Ill be at community events in Kingston, Hudson, Craryville, and Monticello. I hope to see you during my travels. Have a great weekend!
Sincerely,
Chris Gibson
Member of Congress
IN THE NEWS
Capital Tonight:
Concerns Loom Over Trans-Pacific Partnership Free Trade Agreement
Daily Star:
FEMA approves $37M plan for new Schoharie County building
ON THE HILL
How can we help you?
CONNECT
RSS Feeds
Facebook
Youtube
Twitter
Click Here Click Here