
Yesterday, after 166 days of Republican obstruction, Loretta Lynch was finally confirmed as the new Attorney General of the United States!
David -- Yesterday, after 166 days of Republican obstruction,
Loretta Lynch was finally confirmed as the new Attorney General of the United States!
She will be the first African American woman to serve in this post. It&rsquo;s truly historic.
Now, will you sign our card? Help us congratulate Loretta before she&rsquo;s sworn in on Monday!
Over the course of those 166 days, Democrats never let up on pressuring the GOP to stop their shenanigans --
104,572 of you called on them to hold the vote.
And now we have a new Attorney General to show for it.
Lynch was finally confirmed yesterday with bipartisan support. Even Mitch McConnell couldn&rsquo;t deny her outstanding qualifications --
he actually voted for her confirmation
after delaying the vote for months over an unrelated matter.
Add your name now to congratulate Loretta Lynch!
Thank you for standing with us.
Team DSCC
Democratic Senatorial Campaign Committee
P.O. Box 96047
Washington, DC 20090
Paid for by the Democratic Senatorial Campaign Committee, dscc.org,
and not authorized by any candidate or candidate&#39;s committee.
The DSCC is the only organization solely dedicated to supporting Democrats in the U.S. Senate. This message was sent to dj724530@gmail.com because you are a part of the DSCC&rsquo;s grassroots network. Please add us to your address book or approved senders list to make sure you keep receiving DSCC updates.
Emails are a critical way for us to stay in touch with our grassroots supporters. 99% of the DSCC&rsquo;s contributions come from grassroots donors giving less than $200. We also strive to keep you updated on issues related to the Democratic Party&rsquo;s values.
If you&rsquo;d like to stop receiving emails related to this campaign, please
click here .
If you&#39;d like to make a contribution to support us, please
click here . We are already beginning to prepare for the fight ahead &ndash; reclaiming the majority in 2016. It will take every single grassroots supporter, but we know it&rsquo;s possible with your help. If you&rsquo;d like to stop receiving all emails from the DSCC, please
unsubscribe . We greatly appreciate your continued support.
Contributions or gifts to the DSCC are not tax deductible.
