
Preserving Seniors Access to Care
The current Medicare payment system, the Sustainable Growth Rate (SGR), is broken and has threatened seniors access to quality healthcare for too long. Over the last twelve years, Congress has passed seventeen short-term fixes to SGR instead of true reforms to fix program, creating instability and doing nothing to improve the programs insolvency. Our seniors deserve a permanent solution, not just another band aid increasing the problem. The huge cuts looming over reimbursements for seniors care will continue to drive doctors away from participating in Medicare, leaving seniors with the frightening uncertainty of whether their doctors will still be available to them.
To address the broken payment system, the House passed H.R. 2, the Medicare Access and CHIP Reauthorization Act of 2015, this week to strengthen Medicare and replace the broken Medicare payment system which has repeatedly threatened seniors access to care. The legislation I supported creates a permanent solution for the Medicare program that is reliable, patient-centered and rewarding of doctors who provide quality health care rather than those who focus on quantity.
H.R. 2 is the right step in a long fight to strengthen Medicare for current beneficiaries and preserve it for generations to come while saving taxpayer dollars. The nonpartisan
Congressional Budget Office
(CBO) found that H.R. 2 will save taxpayers money compared to the current pattern of the program. CBO estimates that enacting the legislation would cost $0.9 billion less over the 2015-2025 period than freezing payment rates for physicians services and that savings will continue to rise.
The House Passed Budget
This week, House Republicans passed our budget for the coming year,
A Balanced Budget for a Stronger America . The proposal would balance the budget in less than 10 years without raising taxes in contrast to the budget proposal put forward by the Obama Administration which never balances despite $2.1 trillion in new taxes.
Our national debt is the single biggest threat to our national security and, unchecked, threatens to leave future generations to a life indebted to China. It is time for Washington to balance its budget just like working families, small businesses, and states, counties, and municipalities do every day.
Our budget focuses on accountability, efficiency, and effectiveness across the federal government and on empowering states to implement their own solutions free of Washingtons overregulation.
A Balanced Budget for a Stronger America
repeals Obamacare in full, provides the foundation for a strong economy by simplifying our antiquated tax code, works to keep our nation safe while providing for the brave men and women who protect us, and saves vital programs like Medicare. Hardworking taxpayers deserve a budget that enacts true reforms and this budget is the right path to create a better America for our children and grandchildren.
Key provisions of
A Balanced Budget for a Stronger America
include:
balancing the budget in less than 10 years without raising taxes;
cutting $5.5 trillion in spending;
repealing Obamacare in full
including all its taxes, regulations, and mandates;
providing for a strong national defense through robust funding of troop training, equipment and compensation;
strengthening Medicare by making structural improvements to save the program; and
promoting innovation and flexibility for Medicaid, nutrition assistance, education and other programs by empowering states.
In addition to
A Balanced Budget for a Stronger America , I voted in support of the budget proposal put forward by the
Republican Study Committee
which would balance the budget in six years, reduce discretionary spending, reform Medicare, repeal Obamacare, and enact tax reform.
Fighting for the A-10
The Close Air Support provided by the A-10 Thunderbolt aircraft fleet, also known as the A-10C Warthog, flown out of Moody Air Force Base in Valdosta, Georgia is unparalleled, especially against our current threats in the Middle East. Fox News recently
reported
that the A-10 sparked panic in the ranks of ISIS after bombing its elements and flying in spaces close to the ground. The Warthog flew eleven percent of the attacks in Iraq between November 2014 and January 2015 and continues to support missions against the terrorist group.
However, while these planes are protecting lives, the fleet is fighting for its own life as the Obama Administration has sought to retire the platform without a suitable replacement, threatening the A-10 missions of the 23d Wing at Moody Air Force Base. Divesting the A-10 would not only increase threats to our homeland, but also put our ground troops in additional unnecessary danger. I refuse to let that happen, so I called on congressional leaders this week to support the A-10 during budget discussions. I am proud to represent Moody Air Force Base and of the incredible work of the 23d Wing, and I will continue to fight to protect the Warthog.
Please click
here
to view the full text of the letter to the House Appropriations Committee.
From our Nation's Capitol XII
Monday, March 23, 2015:
As is normally the case on fly-in day, we begin with a staff meeting where we review the events of last week, discuss pending issues, and talk about the upcoming week.
This will be a very big week for us as we will be voting on the budget and a fix to the Sustainable Growth Rate (SGR), which is the method by which Medicare calculates how it will pay for services.
It became law in 1997 in an attempt to constrain Medicare costs but has never worked and has become a budget gimmick doing nothing but repeatedly threatening seniors access to care.
As a result, since 2002 the SGR has had to be overridden 17 times at a cost of $170 billion.
Afterwards, I meet with student government representatives from the University of Georgia to discuss issues such as college affordability and student loan adebt, funding for programs for students with disabilities and university research funding.
These fine young people represent my alma mater well and make all of us proud.
Next, my chief of staff, Chris Crawford and I spend some time reviewing our office budget as well as discussing our upcoming staff retreat.
After lunch, I have a meeting with Rep. Virginia Foxx, (R-NC) who serves as secretary of the Republican Conference and is very helpful with advice for freshman members.
Then, I host my second tele-town hall meeting where we discuss current issues such as the budget and SGR.
Later I meet with Col. Wesley Hallman, the Air Force legislative liaison before meeting with representatives from the Georgia Association for Home Health Agencies.
This afternoon I have the opportunity to preside over the House as Speaker Pro-tem during floor debate on bills being presented by members.
After we vote on two bills, H.R. 360, the Native American Housing Assistance and Self-Determination Reauthorization Act, and H. R. 162, calling on the President to provide Ukraine with military assistance, I head out to speak to a group of compounding pharmacists who are visiting the Capitol.
Tuesday, March 24, 2015:
My day starts with a meeting with school superintendents from the district including Camden and Liberty counties where we have a chance to discuss issues important to them as well as pending legislation dealing with No Child Left Behind.
Next, I head to a Republican Conference meeting where we discuss the importance of the budget and SGR bills this week. Afterwards, I head to a Committee on Government Oversight and Reform (OGR) meeting where we meet with the new Director of the Secret Service to discuss the recent incident of agents crashing into a barrier at the White House while driving under the influence.
Next, I head to a Committee on Homeland Security meeting where we interview witnesses, including former Speaker Newt Gingrich, on the fight against Islamic Extremism at home and abroad.
Later that afternoon, we welcome Professor Chance Fargo from SCAD and students representing the Georgia Arts Network to the office before I head to the house chamber for a four vote series including H.R. 216, the Department of Veterans Affairs Budget Planning Reform Act. Afterwards, I head back to the office for an afternoon of meetings, including one with representatives from the Hanger Clinic in Savannah that provides orthotic and prosthetics, as well as representatives from the US flag Maritime Industry to discuss maritime issues, particularly the state of the Intracoastal Waterways.
I also have the opportunity to welcome Pastor Dale Montgomery from the Savannah River Baptist Church in Port Wentworth as well as Bill Verner with the Georgia Electric Cooperatives.
Later that evening , I have the opportunity to visit with representatives from AmeriSource Bergen, a pharmacy wholesale company before attending the NRCC March Dinner where we hear from former Vice President Dick Cheney.
Wednesday, March 25, 2015:
Many of the pharmacy groups are in town this week and as the only Pharmacist in Congress I am busy trying to meet with as many as I can.
This morning I meet with executives in town from Rite Aid before heading to a Committee on Education and Workforce meeting for a briefing on the upcoming Higher Education Reauthorization Act.
Next, I head back to my office for a meeting with the Georgia Cattlemans Association as well as with Ken Quinn with International Auto Logistics in Brunswick. Afterwards, I head to a meeting of the OGR Committee before heading to the House chamber for a joint meeting of Congress to hear from Afghanistan President Mohammad Ashraf Ghani. Afterwards, I head back to OGR to vote on amendments to a bill being presented before heading back to my office to meet with General Joe Jerrard with the Georgia National Guard and community leaders from Fort Stewart and Hunter Army Airfield.
It is always good to see folks from back home, especially this hard working group.
After still more meetings, we have our first series of votes on the budget.
We will be voting on four different budget proposals today under a seldom used rule called Queen of the Hill.
This rule allows us to vote on the four different proposals and, if more than one passes, to accept the one that garners the most votes.
During this voting series, we vote on proposals from the Congressional Black Caucus and Republican Study Committee, neither of which passes. Later in the evening we vote on two more proposals, one of which passes, a significant accomplishment indeed.
The budget proposal that passes would cut $5.5 trillion in spending and balance the budget in less than 10 years while protecting national defense and preserving vital programs like Medicare which would otherwise go bankrupt.
Thursday, March 26, 2015:
The day starts with a Homeland Security Committee meeting to discuss leadership challenges at the Department before I head to a meeting with executives of Walgreens followed by a meeting with the American College of Radiology.
We have votes early today as we pass the SGR bill by an overwhelming 392-37 vote.
This bipartisan effort is quite impressive and hopefully will be an indication of more good work to come from this Congress. After our weekly Georgia delegation meeting,
I meet with executives from the National Chain Drug Stores before meeting with representatives from Camden County who are visiting to advocate for their area and meet with Navy officials.
Later in the afternoon, I take my first trip to the Pentagon to meet with the Fort Stewart/Hunter delegation and Katherine Hammack, Assistant Secretary of the Army.
We are very fortunate to have such dedicated leaders in our area representing us.
Once I am back in my office I meet with two interns from Georgia Southern University who are currently working at the Capitol.
They present me with a GSU football autographed by Coach Willie Fritz and I proudly display it on my bookshelf in my office.
I finish my day with a meeting with John Finney and Terry Tolbert with the Economic Opportunity Association of Savannah.
WEBSITE
|
UNSUBSCRIBE
|
CONTACT
Click Here Click Here