
24
April 2015
No Child Left Behind isn't working
Dear David,
Long before I became a senator, and even before I took over my family's farm, I was a public school teacher in Big Sandy.
Throughout my life, I've experienced our nation's public school system as a student, educator, school board member, legislator, parent, and now as a grandparent.
I've heard from parents, teachers and administrators across Montana, and I can tell you that the current federal education policy - No Child Left Behind - doesn't work for Montana students.
No Child Left Behind, or NCLB, forces annual testing in grades 3 through 8 and once in high school.
As a result, a 2012 study estimated that our country's schools spend $1.7 billion on standardized tests.
That's billion - with a "b."
All that testing is designed to measure student and teacher performance, but it eats up entirely too much classroom time.
Worse than that, it forces teachers to teach to the test and not to the individual needs of their students.
Students shouldn't be spending most of their time in school filling out bubbles.
That's not the kind of education that fosters critical thinking or creativity.
This week I introduced a bill that ends annual federal testing and replaces it with &lsquo;grade span' testing.
Grade span testing requires one test in elementary school, one test in middle school and one test in high school.
If folks want more testing, that should be a decision for states or local school boards to make - not the federal government.
Congress is preparing to reauthorize the Elementary and Secondary Education Act, and I'm hopeful we can have a vigorous debate about testing policy and get my bill included in the final package.
Students shouldn't be learning for the test, they should be learning for life.
Grade span testing will save money and improve the learning environment for tomorrow's leaders.
As always, it's an honor to serve you in the U.S. Senate.
Keep in touch,
P.S. You can share this message on Facebook by
clicking here .
WWW.TESTER.SENATE.GOV
|
UNSUBSCRIBE
