
Rick's weekly Report
To sign up click
here
Friend,
The estate tax, more commonly known as the "death tax," is one of the top concerns I hear from family farmers and small business owners in the 12th district. This is a 40% federal tax on the transfer of an individual's assets, above an exempted amount, to the next generation at the time of his or her death.
Many people spend years working to grow and maintain a family business or farm and want to pass that legacy on to the next generation. Unfortunately, a lot of families aren't able to afford to keep their operations open because of the incredibly high cost of paying and planning for the death tax.
That's why I cosponsored the Death Tax Repeal Act of 2015 , which the House passed this week . Death should not be a taxable event, and hopefully the Senate will act soon on this legislation so we can eliminate the death tax once and for all.
This week, the House also passed several bills to protect hardworking taxpayers from IRS abuse. In Georgia and across the country, Americans have been impacted by unfair harassment and political targeting by the IRS. The reforms the House passed will go a long way in making sure that never happens again.
Read more about these bills here in the Wall Street Journal.
On Tuesday, I had the pleasure of welcoming a constituent from the 12th district who testified before the House Education and Workforce HELP Subcommittee on challenges in the workplace due to ObamaCare. Sally Roberts testified on behalf of the Society for Human Resource Management and works as Human Resources Director for Morris Communications in Augusta. She offered valuable insights into how ObamaCare continues to hurt employers and employees alike, and I was grateful to introduce her before the committee.
Click here to see video of my comments and questions during the hearing .
(Congressman Allen (left) and Congressman Joe Wilson (right), who represents North Augusta and South Carolina's 2nd district, are pictured with Augusta resident Sally Roberts before a hearing of the House Education and Workforce HELP Subcommittee. The three show their pride for the area with the front page of the Augusta Chronicle featuring Masters champion Jordan Spieth.)
Back in the district, I attended the annual Law Enforcement Appreciation Dinner in Glennville on Thursday. It was great to see such a strong showing of support for our local officers and the brave work that they do.
(Congressman Allen addresses a crowd at the annual Law Enforcement Appreciation dinner in Glennville, Ga.)
I also recently spoke to the Statesboro Herald about my first few months in office and the House Republican budget plan.
In case you missed it, you can check out the article here .
Attention high school students in the 12th district : Don't forget about this year's Congressional Art Competition! Submissions are due by April 22. You can find more info on my website
HERE . I look forward to seeing the talent and creativity of our young artists!
Sincerely,
Rick Allen
Member of Congress
WEBSITE
|
UNSUBSCRIBE
|
CONTACT
Click Here Click Here