
Dear Friend, Earlier this month, I watched with millions of Americans as Indiana enacted the Religious Freedom Restoration Act, giving businesses the right to refuse service based on sexual orientation and gender identity.
After hearing from businesses, religious organizations, community leaders, and millions of people inside Indiana and around the country, it is clear, the vast majority of Americans oppose this kind of discrimination.
It is long past time for Congress to ensure that all Americans, regardless of sexual orientation and gender identity, know that they are valued members of our society.
From housing to employment to education, they deserve to live their lives like any other American, free from intolerance because of who they are.
This week, I will be introducing a resolution, which makes it clear that the discrimination faced by the LGBT community is unacceptable.
America is defined by the rich culture that results from our differences, not by intolerance towards a selected few.
With this resolution, I will be pushing my Congressional colleagues to reaffirm our commitment to overcome this civil rights issue and ensure true equality for all Americans.
When intolerance occurs anywhere, everyone has an obligation to take a stand.
I look forward to working with my Congressional colleagues to bring this resolution to the House floor.
INSIDE SCOOP:
My office is committed to providing the highest level of constituent service to the people of Indianapolis. Recently my office was able to help Ms. Calvin keep her home after she was being threatened with foreclosure.
When Ms. Calvin contacted my office, she had been approved for the Hardest Hit Fund, but her lender refused her check and was proceeding with foreclosure on her home.
We were able to work with the Indiana Housing and Community Developing Agency (IHCDA) to get the check re-issued and ensure her lender was applying the Hardest Hit funds correctly.
If you have questions or need assistance with a federal agency, please contact my District Office at 317-283-6516. ICYMI: Last week, my office hosted our second annual Youth Opportunities Fair in cooperation with Shortridge Magnet High School and the Marion County Commission on Youth (MCCOY). It was an outstanding success! Dozens of parents and students attended the event to connect with more than 40 local service providers. They learned about jobs, internships, camps, volunteer opportunities and other programs in place to help youth in our community succeed this summer and year-round. Thanks to everyone who participated in the event and made it a great evening!
Now you can follow my updates on:
Unsubscribe
Privacy Policy
Washington Office
2453 Rayburn HOB
Washington, D.C. 20515-1407
Phone: 202-225-4011
Fax: 202-225-5633
District Office
300 E Fall Creek Pkwy N Dr. Suite 300
Indianapolis, IN 46205-4258
Phone: 317-283-6516
Fax: 317-283-6567
Are You Uninsured?
#GetCovered!
