
Photo of the Week:
This photo was taken at the White House Reception to celebrate the enactment of legislation to strengthen Medicare, extend children's health coverage, and improve the quality and affordability of health care. As a member of the House Doctors Caucus, I worked diligently over the years with my colleagues to craft a permanent replacement and provide certainty and stability to our seniors and doctors. Shown in this photo is Rep. Gus Bilirakis (R-FL), Rep. Phil Roe (R-TN), Rep. Larry Bucshon (R-IN), Rep. Brett Guthrie (R-KY), Rep. John Fleming (R-LA), Rep. Joe Pitts (R-PA).
Weekly Update:
This week, I was delighted that my legislation was included as an amendment to the Senates human trafficking package that passed the Senate unanimously. As a member of the medical community, I know how often we are on the frontlines when it comes to caring for victims of human trafficking. As such, we need to ensure that healthcare professionals are prepared to recognize hallmark signs of abuse so they can intercede on behalf of the patient. This amendment, S. 308, will play a critical role in educating our countrys medical community so that we can help victims break out of this cycle and put a stop to one of the gravest human rights violations in existence today.
Also this past week, the House acted to protect Americans from cyber attacks threatening our privacy and financial security. Current law prohibits private companies from voluntarily sharing cyber-threat information with one another. However, H.R. 1560 the Protecting Cyber Networks Act, will allow private companies to work together and share information so we can prevent future data breaches. H.R. 1731, the National Cybersecurity Protection Advancement Act, addresses the growing problem of cyber crime by designating a center within the Department of Homeland Security as a nationwide safety regime for data protection and breach notification. This legislation
will assist in preventing cyber-attacks and protect consumers from having their personal information stolen.
Perhaps the most special parts of the week was Thursday, as it was "Take Your Daughter to Work Day." This year I had the pleasure of getting to know two girls, Isabella and Sophia, who accompanied me as I went about my day. Having raised a son for 20+ years, Thursday was a special treat to spend such quality time with bright, young ladies! Below you can see a few of the photos we took throughout the course of the day. I hope you'll check out my
Facebook
and
Twitter
pages to see an in-depth look at our whereabouts and activities.
Please don't hesitate to contact my office if there is any way I can assist you .
#WhereAreTheDaughters?
I had a special experience this year on "Take Your Daughter to Work Day," as Sophia and Isabella, two "daughters" who came my way via Girls Inc., shadowed me for the day! As they followed my footsteps around Capitol Hill, others could follow their experience on my social media outlets using the hashtag #WhereAreTheDaughters?
In the photos above you see Sophia (on the left) and Isabella (on the right) taking a selfie with me as I was on my way into a meeting for the House Committee on Energy and Commerce Energy &amp; Power Subcommittee. Both girls sat in the Committee hearing as well and were able to listen. Below Sophia and Isabella are standing on the steps of the Capitol, walking with me on my way to vote. They also stopped for a photo in front of the Washington monuments.
These bright, bubbly girls were a joy to get to know.
I hope they enjoyed their Capitol Hill experience and learned a little bit more about the way Congress works.
Watch this Taping on UNC-TV
I sat down with Jeff Smith of UNC-TV to discuss my legislative accomplishments thus far in the 114th Congress. I talked about my human trafficking legislation that just passed the Senate, my efforts to prioritize funding for our military and Fort Bragg, and national security concerns facing our country.
Click here
to see the full interview.
WEBSITE
|
UNSUBSCRIBE
|
CONTACT
Click Here Click Here