
If you are having trouble viewing this message or
would like to share it on a social network, you can
view the message online .
April 17, 2015
"to elevate the condition of
men--to lift artificial weights from all shoulders, to clear the
paths of laudable pursuit for all, to afford all an unfettered start and a
fair chance, in the race of life."
--Abraham
Lincoln
Chairman's Note:
The past dictates the terms of our debate about the
future
This week the Senate passed H.R. 2, a
bill that changes the formula governing how Medicare pays physicians.
The legislation was praised by as a permanent doc fix. And this is
true inasmuch as the recurring doc fix crisis was a function of
Medicares sustainable growth rate formula, which Congress created in 1997
and repealed with H.R. 2.
But those who are in charge
of Medicare have made it clear that theres nothing permanent about
the new physician-payment structure established by H.R. 2. According to
a report issued last week by Medicares actuaries, under the new
payment system, most doctors will see cuts in
2025.
Given the importance of the Medicare program to Americas seniors and
doctors, its worth asking: how did we end up with a bill that replaced
one unsustainable cost structure with a slightly different
unsustainable cost structure? Why didnt we just redesign the program to make it
fiscally sustainable over the long run?
As I see
it, the answer is simple: in Washington, the past dictates the terms of
our debate about the future.
In fact, most of our
government dysfunction today is rooted in the same failure of
imagination.
When the Highway Trust Fund runs dry every
year, we have another debate over raising the gas tax, rather than
eliminating the bureaucratic and special-interest overhead that drives up
the cost of our transportation system.
And when
college tuition keeps rising, while success rates keep dropping, we focus
on pushing more taxpayer money and more students into the broken
system, instead of opening up alternative pathways for people to get the
skills they need to get a good-paying job.
And when health
care costs refuse to go down, we refuse to believe that hospitals and
doctors can manage themselves better than expert committees and
bureaucratic agencies.
It doesnt have to be this way. We
can do better. And Im confident we will do better once we recognize
that the real obstacle to reform isnt a lack of funding from American
taxpayers, but a lack of imagination from their elected
officials.
"The power to tax is perhaps most dangerous when
it is used not to destroy but to protect."
To watch the full video
CLICK
HERE
Issue In Focus: Civil Asset Forfeiture
Reform
In America, the idea that you are innocent
until proven guilty is so widely held that it can be easy to take for
granted. But the recent rise in civil forfeiture is threatening our
nations confidence in the presumption of innocence that lies at the
heart of our legal system.
Although the Fifth Amendment holds
that no person shall be deprived of life, liberty, or property
without due process of law, federal forfeiture laws have made it
profitable for law enforcement agencies to ignore or disregard Americans due
process protections.
There is a proper role for asset
forfeiture, which has its roots in English common law. There have long been
laws in America allowing the government to seize and forfeit
contraband and the proceeds or tools of criminal activity, after due process is
observed. Indeed, there are legitimate public benefits to permitting
the government to confiscate the ill-gotten gains of
criminals.
But asset forfeiture laws
like all laws
can be abused or
written in a way that invites abuse. This is especially true in the case
of civil forfeiture, which, unlike criminal forfeiture, can be executed
without a conviction or even a criminal charge.
For
instance, federal forfeiture laws permit law enforcement agencies to keep
forfeited money and property for their own use, giving the government a
financial incentive to arrest individuals and seize property when the
opportunity to keep goods or money is high, even if the evidence of a
crime is low. To make matters worse, it is often extremely time
consuming and costly for an innocent property owner to recoup their assets
once they have been seized by the government.
Fixing our
nations civil asset forfeiture laws is a moral, economic, and
constitutional imperative. With the support of advocacy groups from across the
ideological spectrum, Congress should make it a priority to reform our
federal forfeiture laws.
Share on
Facebook Share on
Twitter
Washington, D.C. Office
316 Hart Senate Office Building
Washington, D.C., 20510
Phone:
202.224.5444
Fax: 202.228.1168
Salt
Lake City
Wallace F. Bennett
Federal Building
125 South State,
Suite 4225
Salt Lake City, UT 84138
Phone: 801.524.5933
Fax:
801.524.5730
St. George
Office of Senator Michael S. Lee
285 West Tabernacle, Suite 200
St. George, UT
84770
Phone: 435.628.5514
Unsubscribe
|
Update My
Profile
|
Privacy Policy
gateway mail
end 