Friend
Did you know? According to the Ways and Means Commitee, there were approximately 4,400
changes
to the tax code in the past decade, meaning that small businesses are forced to manage more than one change per day.
With that in mind, its no wonder that,
according to the IRS , it takes the average American approximately 13 hours to comply with tax-filing requirements.
I believe that is unacceptable, and the American people have a right to expect better. Thats why Im fighting for lower levels of taxation, higher levels of accountability, and a simpler, fairer tax code. Here is a quick roundup of some bills the House is voting on this week, to address these issues:
Hold the federal government accountable.
The Federal Employee Tax Accountability Act of 2015 ( H.R. 1563 ) renders those individuals who have
seriously delinquent tax debts
ineligible for Federal employment. The Contracting and Tax Accountability Act of 2015 ( H.R. 1562 ), which is also being voted on this week, prohibits the award of contracts or grants to corporations or individuals who have seriously delinquent federal tax debt.
Stop taxing Americans twice.
The Death Tax Repeal Act of 2015 ( H.R. 1105 ) stops Americans, who have paid taxes on what theyve earned their entire lives, from being forced to pay taxes again on the inheritance they leave behind to their children.
Make sales tax deduction permanent . The Get State and Local Sales Tax Deduction Fairness Act of 2015 ( H.R. 622 ) makes the deduction for state and local sales taxes permanent (current law only gives taxpayers the choice on their federal return to deduct either the state income tax they pay or their sales taxes).
Yours in service,
Randy
P.S. Im also supporting legislation to
abolish the current, overly complex Internal Revenue Code
and create a simpler, fairer, steadier tax system for American small businesses and families. Read the text of the bill,
here .
Click Here
to view this email in your browser
Click Here
to be removed from this list