, I am hosting a Capitol Hill press conference to call on Congress to take sensible actions to reduce gun violence tomorrow, March 31, at the House Triangle at 2:00 p.m.
Ill be joined by Congressman Chris Van Hollen (D-MD), Monte Frank, the founder of Team 26, a group of cyclists inspired to action after the 2012 tragic shooting at Sandy Hook Elementary School in Newtown, CT, and Patrick Carolan, Executive Director of the Franciscan Action Network.
In addition, before arriving at the U.S. Capitol, Team 26 will host a local rally at the Faith Presbyterian Church (3161 South Capitol St. SW) starting at noon, where I will also offer remarks.
Team 26 is embarked on March 28 for a four-day, 400 mile bike ride journey, stopping in cities along the East Coast to honor all victims of gun violence and to call for reasonable action to reduce gun violence in America.
We cannot let the tragedy of Newton be forgotten.
Gun violence continues to devastate thousands of American families each year and the District of Columbia gets more than its share.
This call to action is particularly important for D.C. as Congress tries to strip away our citys gun safety laws (see below).
Republicans Launch Attack on D.C. Gun Safety Laws; White House Has D.C.s Back
Last week, Senator Marco Rubio (R-FL) and Representative Jim Jordan (R-OH) introduced a bill to wipe out almost all of the District of Columbias local gun safety laws , including its ban on assault weapons and large capacity magazines and its registration requirements, and to prohibit D.C. from passing gun laws in the future.
This is the same radical National Rifle Association-backed bill that forced us to pull the D.C. House Voting Rights Act from the House floor in April 2010.
Senator Rubio, who is expected to announce his bid for presidency soon, is using the District as a punching bag to tout his conservative bona fides.
But we will not let him ignore that, by targeting our local jurisdictions local laws, he his violating his support for the principle of local control over local affairs.
We have come together to defeat this bill before, and White House Press Secretary Josh Earnest, speaking for the president, said at a press briefing in response to a question about the bill, Gun laws that are made by the District of Columbia should be made by the District government, and that home rule is important.
D.C. has its own local gun safety laws because D.C. residents know how much gun violence has hurt our city.
We are also the nations capital, and thousands of foreign dignitaries and high-ranking officials are daily on our streets and public places.
Diversity of local laws is a founding tenet of our nation that D.C. residents insist apply to us as Americans citizens.
Progress on Two Priorities: Shepherd Parkway Improvements and DHS
With construction season underway, work to improve eight acres of Shepherd Parkway is set to begin as part of the Department of Homeland Security (DHS) consolidation at St. Elizabeths.
The U.S. General Services Administration (GSA) plans to build a protected trail and bike path, the first improvements to Shepherd Parkway in memory.
The trail and bike path are exactly what the community asked for at our Capital Parks East Town Hall last October.
Shepherd Parkway has been so abandoned that trucking companies have used it as a dump for trash and other unsightly garbage.
Shockingly, even human remains were recently found in the park by GSA surveyors.
I have written the National Park Services (NPS) to ensure the transfer of eight acres of Shepherd Parkway to GSA by April 15 , asking NPS Director Jonathan Jarvis to expedite the transfer so that there are no further delays to construction of DHS or Shepherd Parkway.
Grilling U.S. Secret Service Director Clancy on Staffing and Training Levels
Last Tuesday, U.S. Secret Service Director Joseph Clancy testified at a House Oversight and Government Reform Committee hearing
to address ongoing problems at the agency, including a March 4 incident at the White House, where allegedly intoxicated agents appeared to have interfered with an ongoing bomb investigation outside White House security barricades.
I criticized Director Clancy, who did not discover the March 4 incident until five days later, for not beginning his tenure with an order that he be immediately informed through the chain of command of such incidents.
In addition, I raised concerns about staffing and training levels at the agency.
According to the U.S. Secret Service Protective Mission Panel report, special agents and uniformed officers are being overworked with fewer and fewer days off.
This unsustainable situation may be contributing to this unacceptable serial behavior.
Director Clancy assured me that staffing levels and training classes would increase this year now that the agency has received its funding.
The Secret Service is a one-of-a-kind protective agency that must be quickly revived.
Time for Congress to Reform MWAA Auditing and Contracting Processes
Following a U.S. Department of Transportations Inspector General (IG) draft report released last week citing major problems with the Metropolitan Washington Airports Authoritys (MWAA) auditing policies and procedures, I announced I will introduce a bill to require MWAA to adopt Federal Acquisition Regulations, federal anti-nepotism rules, and generally accepted federal auditing standards .
The Inspector Generals report raised concerns about MWAAs lack of internal oversight, inability to follow standard operating procedures, and failure to properly document its internal audits.
Although there have been some internal changes at MWAA, the recent IG report shows that the agency still has a long way to go to regain public trust.
doctype html
Congresswoman Nortons e-Newsletter
Monday, March 30, 2015
Events This Week: Tuesday, March 31
3 rd
Annual Sandy Hook Ride Press Conferences
1.
Local D.C. Rally
Faith Presbyterian Church
3161 South Capitol St. SW
Noon
2.
Capitol Hill Press Conference
House Triangle
U.S. Capitol (East Front)
2:00 p.m.
At the request of the
3rd Annual Sandy Hook Ride on Washington , I am hosting a Capitol Hill press conference to call on Congress to take sensible actions to reduce gun violence tomorrow, March 31, at the House Triangle
at 2:00 p.m.
Ill be joined by Congressman Chris Van Hollen (D-MD), Monte Frank, the founder of Team 26, a group of cyclists inspired to action after the 2012 tragic shooting at Sandy Hook Elementary School in Newtown, CT, and Patrick Carolan, Executive Director
of the Franciscan Action Network.
In addition, before arriving at the U.S. Capitol, Team 26 will host a local rally at the Faith Presbyterian Church (3161 South Capitol St. SW) starting at noon, where I will also offer remarks.
Team 26 is embarked on March
28 for a four-day, 400 mile bike ride journey, stopping in cities along the East Coast to honor all victims of gun violence and to call for reasonable action to reduce gun violence in America.
We cannot let the tragedy of Newton be forgotten.
Gun violence
continues to devastate thousands of American families each year and the District of Columbia gets more than its share.
This call to action is particularly important for D.C. as Congress tries to strip away our citys gun safety laws (see below).
Republicans Launch Attack on D.C. Gun Safety Laws; White House Has D.C.s Back
Last week, Senator Marco Rubio (R-FL) and Representative Jim Jordan (R-OH)
introduced a bill to wipe out almost all of the District of Columbias
local gun safety laws , including its ban on assault weapons and large capacity magazines and its registration requirements, and to prohibit D.C. from passing gun laws in the future.
This is the same radical National Rifle Association-backed bill that forced us to pull the D.C. House Voting Rights Act from the House floor in April 2010.
Senator Rubio, who is expected to announce his bid for presidency soon, is using the District as a
punching bag to tout his conservative bona fides.
But we will not let him ignore that, by targeting our local jurisdictions local laws, he his violating his support for the principle of local control over local affairs.
We have come together to defeat this bill before, and White House Press Secretary Josh Earnest, speaking for the president, said at a press briefing in response to a question about the bill,
Gun laws that are made by the District of Columbia
should be made by the District government, and that home rule is important.
D.C. has its own local gun safety laws because D.C. residents know how much gun violence has hurt
our city.
We are also the nations capital, and thousands of foreign dignitaries and high-ranking officials are daily on our streets and public places.
Diversity of local laws is a founding tenet of our nation that D.C. residents insist apply to us as Americans
citizens.
Progress on Two Priorities: Shepherd Parkway Improvements and DHS
With construction season underway, work to improve eight acres of Shepherd Parkway is set to begin as part of the Department of Homeland Security (DHS) consolidation at St. Elizabeths.
The
U.S. General Services Administration (GSA) plans to build a protected trail and bike path, the first improvements to Shepherd Parkway in memory.
The trail and bike path are exactly what the community asked for at our Capital Parks East Town Hall last October.
Shepherd Parkway has been so abandoned that trucking companies have used it as a dump for trash and other unsightly garbage.
Shockingly, even human remains were recently found in the park by GSA surveyors.
I have written the National Park Services (NPS) to ensure the transfer of eight acres of Shepherd Parkway to GSA by April 15 , asking NPS Director Jonathan Jarvis to expedite the transfer so that there are no further delays to construction of DHS or Shepherd
Parkway.
Grilling U.S. Secret Service Director Clancy on Staffing and Training Levels
Last Tuesday,
U.S. Secret Service Director Joseph Clancy testified
at a House Oversight and Government Reform Committee hearing
to address ongoing problems at the agency, including a March 4 incident at the White House, where allegedly intoxicated
agents appeared to have interfered with an ongoing bomb investigation outside White House security barricades.
I criticized Director Clancy, who did not discover the March 4 incident until five days later, for not beginning his tenure with an order that he
be immediately informed through the chain of command of such incidents.
In addition, I raised concerns about staffing and training levels at the agency.
According to the U.S. Secret Service Protective Mission Panel report, special agents and uniformed officers
are being overworked with fewer and fewer days off.
This unsustainable situation may be contributing to this unacceptable serial behavior.
Director Clancy assured me that staffing levels and training classes would increase this year now that the agency has
received its funding.
The Secret Service is a one-of-a-kind protective agency that must be quickly revived.
Time for Congress to Reform MWAA Auditing and Contracting Processes
Following a U.S. Department of Transportations Inspector General (IG) draft report released last week citing major problems with the Metropolitan Washington Airports Authoritys (MWAA) auditing
policies and procedures,
I announced I will introduce
a bill to require MWAA to adopt Federal Acquisition Regulations, federal anti-nepotism rules, and generally accepted federal auditing standards .
The Inspector Generals report
raised concerns about MWAAs lack of internal oversight, inability to follow standard operating procedures, and failure to properly document its internal audits.
Although there have been some internal changes at MWAA, the recent IG report shows that the agency
still has a long way to go to regain public trust.
Thanks for subscribing!
Follow Congresswoman Norton on
Facebook ,
Twitter ,
Instagram ,
YouTube , or her
website
for more updates.
Capitol Hill Office
2136 Rayburn HOB
Washington, D.C. 20515
Phone: (202) 225-8050
Fax: (202) 225-3002
S.E. District Office
2041 Martin Luther King Jr. Ave., S.E.
Washington, D.C. 20020
Phone: (202) 678-8900
Fax: (202) 678-8844
Main District Office
90 K Street, N.E., Suite 100
Washington DC 20001
Phone: (202) 408-9041
Fax: (202) 408-9048
To unsubscribe from our list, please click here .
