
This is the most important email we&rsquo;ve sent all year. Please read it all the way through:
ABSOLUTE LAST CHANCE TO RENEW AND HAVE 2X THE IMPACT!
Do it now &gt;&gt;
David -- This is the most important email we&rsquo;ve sent all year. Please read it all the way through:
The right-wing money machine is firing on all cylinders to expand the GOP Senate and put an extremist Republican -- another Bush? Cruz? Paul? -- in the White House.
We CAN stop them --
but you have to act IN THE NEXT 4 HOURS,
before the first quarterly FEC deadline of 2015.
This is the one that matters:
If we can get another 1,500 supporters to renew their membership tonight, we can elect strong Democrats who will strengthen Social Security and Medicare, boost the middle class, and write equality into law.
But if we DON&rsquo;T, get ready for laws and leaders that only the Koch brothers will love.
So please, make the right choice. Renew your membership by midnight and your gift will have twice the impact!
Your DSCC Membership Status:
pending
2015 Membership Rate:
$3
(renew now)
FEC Deadline:
4 hours
Last chance, no kidding,
Team DSCC
Democratic Senatorial Campaign Committee
P.O. Box 96047
Washington, DC 20090
Paid for by the Democratic Senatorial Campaign Committee, dscc.org,
and not authorized by any candidate or candidate&#39;s committee.
The DSCC is the only organization solely dedicated to supporting Democrats in the U.S. Senate. This message was sent to dj724530@gmail.com because you are a part of the DSCC&rsquo;s grassroots network. Please add us to your address book or approved senders list to make sure you keep receiving DSCC updates.
Emails are a critical way for us to stay in touch with our grassroots supporters. 99% of the DSCC&rsquo;s contributions come from grassroots donors giving less than $200. We also strive to keep you updated on issues related to the Democratic Party&rsquo;s values.
If you&rsquo;d like to stop receiving emails related to this campaign, please
click here .
If you&#39;d like to make a contribution to support us, please
click here . We are already beginning to prepare for the fight ahead &ndash; reclaiming the majority in 2016. It will take every single grassroots supporter, but we know it&rsquo;s possible with your help. If you&rsquo;d like to stop receiving all emails from the DSCC, please
unsubscribe . We greatly appreciate your continued support.
Contributions or gifts to the DSCC are not tax deductible.
