DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.0 Transitional//EN" "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml1/DTD/xhtml1-transitional.dtd"
If you are having trouble reading this email,
please view the web version .
President Signs SGR Repeal Into Law
After passing with nearly 400 votes in the House, and 92 in the Senate, President Obama signed into law a Sustainable Growth Rate (SGR) reform bill, which would change the way doctors are paid under Medicare.
I had the privilege of meeting with the President at the White House on Tuesday for a ceremony following the laws enactment. For years, Congress has been passing a series of temporary patches to prevent cuts under the SGR from taking effect. The annual bills have become known as the Doc Fix. The legislation, which I have been working on for years, permanently replaces the SGR and also contains important reforms that can help pay for the new policy. This ends an annual lobbying bonanza and a bill that has become a vehicle for increased government spending. When I took over leadership of the Health Subcommittee four years ago, I made it my goal to stop kicking this can down the road. These commonsense, bipartisan reforms received the support of leaders as diverse as Rand Paul and Elizabeth Warren, and now they are the law.
Legislative Excellence Award from National Association of Manufacturers
On Friday, April 17, I visited Armstrong World Industries in Marietta, to receive the National Association of Manufacturers Award for Legislative Excellence. Theyve been kind enough to give me this award in the past, and I appreciate the encouragement. Manufacturing is a cornerstone of our economy, both in Pennsylvania, and across the country, and has provided generations of Pennsylvanians with good jobs.
All over the world, people are using products made right here in Pennsylvania, like
Case New Holland tractors, and Sikorsky helicopters. We should all be proud of that.
Working for Seniors
On Monday, I had a great visit at Albright Life in Lancaster. I enjoyed getting to meet the seniors there. They live at home, but have a safe environment to go to during the day, as well as doctors they can meet with. Its important that seniors have resources like this to receive the care they deserve.
Later that day, I had a town hall with the residents of the Highlands in Wyomissing.
We spoke about a wide range of issues, including the minimum wage, conflict in the Middle East, railroad safety, health care, and the federal budget.
Town Hall meetings are an excellent way for me to learn what is on the minds of my constituents. Thats what keeps our republic workinginformed constituents making their voices heard.
Op-ed of the Week: Dealing with the Cybersecurity Threat
Congress took action this week to protect our cybersecurity. It was recently reported that the Russians had hacked into White House computers, and accessed sensitive information, including the Presidents schedule. The Department of Justice has alleged similar cyber-espionage against Communist China. The North Koreans hacked Sony Pictures. Over 3,000 companies were alerted to cyberattacks by federal agents in 2013. So, this week, Congress passed two bills to keep our cybernetworks safe, the Protecting Cyber Networks Act, and the National Cybersecurity Protection Advancement Act. These bills were recommended by the Intelligence Committee and the Homeland Security Committee, respectively. These bills should help us to facilitate cooperation between the federal government and the private sector, to stop cyber threats.
Read more in this weeks OP-ED .
Facebook
Podcast
Tell Joe Your Opinion
Issues
The 16th District
Ask Joe For Help
The Government
Legislation
Press
About Joe Pitts
Photo Gallery
Please feel free to
forward this email to your friends and family .
Recent Videos
Opening Statement on ISIS Human Rights Abuses
Rep. Pitts opens a Human Rights Commission hearing on the abuses of the Islamic State.
A Permanent Replacement to the Sustainable Growth Rate
Rep. Pitts leads debate on the bill to permanently replace the flawed Medicare Sustainable Growth Rate.
Washington, D.C. Office
420 Cannon House Office Building
Washington, DC 20515
(1st Street and Independence Avenue)
202-225-2411
202-225-2013 (fax)
Chester County Office
Post Office Box 837
Unionville, PA 19375
(Routes 82 and 926)
610-444-4581
610-444-5750 (fax)
Lancaster Office
150 North Queen Street
Suite 716 (7th floor)
Lancaster, PA 17603
717-393-0667
717-393-0924 (fax)
Click Here Click Here