
Website
About Sandy
News
Legislative Work
Serving You
Our District
Contact Me
The Congressional Connector
Week of April 13-17, 2015
Its Time for Women to Receive Equal Pay for Equal Work
More than fifty years after passage of the Equal Pay Act, women comprise almost 50 percent of the American workforce.
Despite their achievements, women still earn approximately 78 cents for every dollar earned by men.
Closing the wage gap is not simply an issue of fairness; it is also an economic imperative.
Families increasingly rely on womens wages to make ends meet.
When women bring home less money each paycheck, it means they have less for the everyday needs of their families
groceries, rent, child care, doctors visits.
Rep. Levin has joined nearly 100 other Members of Congress in cosponsoring the Paycheck Fairness Act, which would strengthen the Equal Pay Act of 1963 and require employers to show that pay disparity is truly related to job performance, not gender.
House Republicans Plan $269 Billion Tax Cut, but Only Millionaires Need Apply
This week, the House Republican Leadership has scheduled a vote on a bill to repeal the federal estate tax, handing a $269 billion tax cut to a tiny number of the wealthiest Americans.
Only about 5400 very wealthy households would benefit from this tax break every year; in fact, three-quarters of the tax cut would go to inheritors of estates valued at more than $20 million.
Repeal of the estate tax would increase the deficit by more than a quarter of a trillion dollars.
Lawmakers Work to Stop Nuclear Waste Dump Next to Great Lakes
Rep. Levin has joined other Great Lakes lawmakers in cosponsoring House Resolution 194 by Michigan Representative Dan Kildee, which urges the Canadian Government not to move forward with plans to build a permanent nuclear waste repository less than one mile from Lake Huron.
The Bruce Nuclear Generating Station in Ontario is the largest nuclear plant in the world.
It is owned by Ontario Power Generation (OPG).
OPG plans to build a Deep Geologic Repository for nuclear waste .6 miles (one kilometer) from the shores of Lake Huron in Kincardine, Ontario.
The proposed facility would hold up to 52 million gallons of nuclear waste.
For more information, see the April 10th
article
from the Detroit News.
Rep. Levin Supports Afterschool Programs
Studies show that students who participate in quality afterschool programs grow more socially and academically. Afterschool programs in Michigan are helping students develop leadership and teamwork skills, as well as make gains in English and math grades.
Rep. Levin recently joined other Members of Congress to request funding so these critical afterschool programs can continue. You can read the full text of the
letter , sent to the House Appropriations Committee, here.
Sincerely,
Sander Levin
If you would no longer like to receive communication from my office, please click
Here
CONTACT INFORMATION
DC Office
1236 Longworth HOB
Washington, DC 20515
Phone: (202) 225-4961
Fax: (202) 226-1033
Home Office
27085 Gratiot Ave
Roseville, MI 48066
Phone: 586-498-7122
Fax: 586-498-7123
