
Sunday, April 12, 2015
WEBSITE
|
FORWARD TO A FRIEND
| SHARE ON:
Kline's Corner: Honoring Our Commitment to
American Indian Students
In This Week's Kline's Corner
We need to get to the bottom of this
Furthering Efforts to Help Students with Special Needs
Meeting with Our Key Partners in the Middle East
Art contest deadline: Friday, April 17
Honoring Our Commitment to American Indian Students
The federal government has made a commitment to American Indian students and families to provide educational opportunities in a manner that preserves their culture, language, and traditions. Unfortunately, we are failing to meet that commitment. This week, I visited the Bug-O-Nay-Ge-Shig school in northern Minnesota and the conditions were much worse than I was led to believe. We have a tangle of bureaucracy and its hard to get someone to stand up and say
Im supposed to be making these decisions . To help address the deplorable conditions of schools,
Ive asked Congress to increase funding for Bureau of Indian Education Schools . In the coming weeks, I will be holding a congressional hearing to review funding as well as explore the bureaucratic maze of federal government involvement in BIE schools. We need to get to the bottom of this. You can read more about my visit
here .
Furthering Efforts to Help Students with Special Needs
In my last Klines Corner, I shared with you that
I sent a letter to Congressional leaders
requesting we increase funding for students with disabilities. As you may know, the federal government in 1975 mandated educational access and services for students with special needs, with the promise that significant federal investments of up to 40 percent would support state and local school districts in meeting their obligations to these children, however, we have yet to come close. Because the federal government fails to meet those obligations, school districts in Minnesota are forced to reprioritize their budgets, impacting the education of all our students. Most recently,
I sent another letter requesting $1.6 billion more than what was allocated last year for special education
which would increase the federal governments contribution to approximately 18 percent, matching the highest sustained level provided by Congress. You can read more about this issue
here .
Meeting with Our Key Partners in the Middle East
From the spread of ISIS to the possibility of a nuclear Iran, the threats our nation and allies face in the Middle East region are many. Last week, I was pleased to be among a delegation of senior Congressional leaders who met with key partners in the Middle East and Europe. The United States is fortunate to have allies that recognize the importance of our partnerships and the gravity of the threats we face. In numerous meetings with our partners, it was interesting to hear the concurrence of views
by Arabs and Israelis
concerning the possibility of a nuclear Iran and its continued aggression in the region. We owe it to our allies, and our people, to articulate a real, overarching strategy to defeat terrorist groups and I remain committed to working with them to do just that.
Art C ontest Deadline: Friday, April 17
The deadline for students from Minnesotas 2nd Congressional District to participate in the 34th Annual Congressional
Artistic Discovery competition
is Friday, April 17. I have been continually impressed with the art submitted by Minnesotas talented students, and I look forward to seeing the creativity and talent of our gifted young artists. You can learn more
here .
Best wishes,
John Kline
Member of Congress
TOP NEWS
Kline Statement on Safeguarding Health Care for Minnesota Seniors, Families
WASHINGTON
Minnesota Congressman John Kline issued the following statement today after supporting the Medicare Access and CHIP Reauthorization Act, H.R. 2, which passed the U.S. House of Representatives with bipartisan support:
I am pleased Republicans and Democrats worked in a bipartisan way to do what our constituents sent us to Congress to do
come together to deliver solutions. This legislation strengthens and reforms Medicare, protects taxpayers, and reduces health care costs. Too often Washington seems to move from one self-imposed crisis to the next and after facing the doc fix cliff 17 times in the past 20 years, Im proud to have supported this important, bipartisan legislation to safeguard quality health care for Minnesota seniors, veterans, children, and their families.
View online here .
UPDATE SUBSCRIPTION OPTIONS
|
PRIVACY POLICY
|
CONTACT US
Click Here Click Here