
If you are having trouble viewing this
message or would like to share it on a social network, you can
view the message online .
CONTACT
ABOUT
SERVICES
NEWS
OFFICE LOCATIONS
Restricting Obamas Free Hand to Implement a
Final Nuclear Agreement with Iran
Appearing on CNNs State of the Union yesterday,
Senator Corker, chairman of the Senate Foreign Relations Committee,
said enactment of his legislation would restrict President Obamas
free hand to implement a final nuclear agreement with Iran, if one is
reached. Last week, the Senate Foreign Relations Committee
voted
unanimously
to approve the Iran Nuclear
Agreement Review Act of 2015 that requires the president to submit
any final deal to Congress before being able to waive or suspend
congressional sanctions. Having withdrawn his veto threat due to increasing
bipartisan support for the bill, the president was forced on Friday to
dispute his previous arguments that congressional action would derail
the negotiations.
Right
now, the president has an absolute free hand to implement [a final
agreement with Iran],
said Corker.
What Senator Cardin,
myself, and so many others on the committeehave been pushing foris
our ability, on behalf of the American people, to make sure that [a
final agreement] is transparent,that Iran is held accountable, and that
we have the ability to enforce it. I think this is a minimum that we
ought to be doing. I am thankful that it looks like we are at least
beginning in a very strong position to move [the Iran bill] to the
floor, and I hope it will become law.
Corker also warned that without the president being required
to submit a final deal to Congress, the American people may never know
what restrictions would be placed on Irans nuclear program and how
the United States would implement and enforce an
agreement.
At present, right now, the leadership
in Iran is telling their citizens one thing. Our president and others
are telling us another,
said Corker.
The only way
we will ever know what are the details and understand what is in the
classified annexes, is for us to pass these pieces of legislation that
are before us, because, otherwise, we may never know until way after
the fact exactly what the agreement is.
Click
here
for
more information.
Click
here
or on image above to view
video.
100 Most Influential People in the
World
Last week,
TIME Magazine announced that it has named Senator Corker to the 2015
TIME 100, its annual
list
of the
100 most influential people in the world.
I am grateful that Tennesseans have given me the
tremendous privilege of serving them in the United States Senate, and I am
deeply humbled by this honor,
said Corker.
I wake up
every day trying to find ways to move our country ahead, and for as
long as Tennesseans afford me this opportunity, I will remain focused
on solving the big domestic and foreign policy issues facing our
nation.
The
tribute
to Corker was written by Senator
Lamar Alexander, Tennessees senior senator, former governor and former
secretary of the U.S. Department of Education.
BOB
CORKER
By Lamar Alexander
April 16, 2015
The pragmatist
of Congress
Curious about tunnels smuggling supplies from Egypt
to Gaza, U.S. Senator Bob Corker hailed a jeep, rode to the border,
inspected the tunnels and that afternoon showed photographs to a
startled Benjamin Netanyahu. In Chattanooga, Corkers penchant for aggressive
fact finding caused this former construction executive and mayor to
help 10,000 families find decent homes.
Now it has thrust the junior
Senator from Tennessee into bipartisan deals on debt, financial
regulation, immigration and Iran. In 2014 he voted with the majority of
Republican Senators 85% of the time, but he is a conservative who prizes
results over speeches. He is unafraid to challenge President Obama and
unafraid to work with him.
His tough-minded pragmatism and grasp of
economics have restored prestige to the Foreign Relations Committee and
are reminiscent of George H.W. Bushs skilled team. If he is not
President himself, Corker is an obvious choice for Secretary of State or
Treasury.
The list, now in
its 12th year, recognizes the activism, innovation and achievement of
the worlds most influential individuals. The full list and related
tributes are available online
here
and appear in the April 27 issue of TIME, which is on newsstands
now.
Tennesseans Visit
Washington
April 14, 2015
Senators Corker and Alexander
meet with Citizens for Fort Campbell.
April 16, 2015
Senator Corker congratulates Nivia
Serrano from Siegel High School in Murfreesboro (Rutherford County) on
her selection as 2015 Tennessee Assistant Principal of the
Year.
April 16, 2015
Senators Corker and
Alexander meet with students and faculty from the University School of
Nashville (Davidson County) at the U.S. Capitol.
In the
News
Tennessean (Editorial): Congratulations, Sen.
Corker, on making TIMEs list :
Given this
feat and his significant leadership role in the new Republican-dominated
U.S. Senate, it's no surprise that TIME named Corker, R-Chattanooga,
to its annual list of the 100 most influential people in the world -- a
combination of political leaders, business magnates, artists and
icons Corker shows statesmanship that should be a model for state and
local elected officials across the Volunteer State. Read more
here .
Chattanooga Times Free
Press (Column): Breakfast with Kissinger: a case study of Bob
Corker :
Even if you don't like his beliefs, you can
respect his methods, and maybe that's what all this praise is about.
America is so hungry for some statesman like Corker, who has emerged
out of the fractured Washington soil. Were some common-ground
counterpart to emerge out of the Democrats, then bipartisanship could soon
replace contrarianism as the congressional norm. Read more
here .
Memphis Commercial Appeal:
Corker, Alexander score unusual bipartisan wins :
Score one
no, make that two
points for bipartisanship. It
doesnt happen often, but U.S. Sens. Bob Corker and Lamar Alexander
managed to get two potentially controversial bills passed out of their
committees this week with unanimous votes. Defying the White House, the
Senate Foreign Relations Committee voted 19-0 on Tuesday to pass a
bipartisan bill that would let Congress review
and potentially overturn
any deal President Barack Obamas administration and other world
powers may negotiate with Iran to keep that country from developing nuclear
weapons. Read more
here .
Tennessean: Compromise not a dirty word for Tennessee
senators :
Sen. Bob Corker was still savoring Tuesday's
19-0 committee vote for his legislation to review any nuclear deal with
Iran when Sen. Lamar Alexander sat down next to him at a meeting two
days later and passed him a note. The committee that Alexander chairs
had just voted 22-0 to approve his massive rewrite of federal education
law, the note said. I told him we were 41-0, Alexander said,
laughing. Unanimous votes in Congress these days
other than naming a post
office
are noteworthy. It's especially unusual that committee
chairmen from the same state would achieve two such votes on major policy
issues in a single week. Read more
here .
Home
|
Privacy
Policy
|
Unsubscribe
