.
Tomorrow, the House Oversight and Government Reform Committee (OGR) is scheduled to markup a bill to overturn the D.C. Reproductive Health Non-Discrimination Amendment Act, which would prohibit employers from discriminating against an employee, spouse or dependent based on private reproductive health decisions.
The member who introduced this so-called disapproval resolution, Representative Diane Black (R-TN), seems to have forgotten that she was elected by her constituents in Tennessee, not the people of the District.
We spoke with the committees Republican majority, which has agreed not to include the D.C. Human Rights Amendment Act in tomorrows markup, but an attack on that bill is still expected.
This is a direct assault on the democratic and reproductive rights of our residents, and we will fight to ensure our local laws remain protected.
We are using the hashtags #DontFireMeForChoice, #RespectMyRights, and #ReproRights to fight the disapproval resolution.
Event on Thursday: Combating D.C. Campus Sexual Assault Roundtable
[Combating Campus Sexual Assault Roundtable]
Combating Sexual Assault on Campus: A Search for Realistic Remedies, April 23
American University School of Public Affairs
Ward 1 Auditorium
4400 Massachusetts Avenue NW
6:00 p.m.
8:00 p.m.
Our roundtable during National Sexual Assault Awareness and Prevention Month, entitled Combating Sexual Assault on Campus: A Search for Realistic Remedies, at American University, Ward 1 Auditorium (4400 Massachusetts Ave. NW) is on Tuesday, April 23, from 6:00 p.m.
8:00 p.m.
The goal of the roundtable is to help colleges, universities, students, and advocates in the District develop solutions to prevent campus sexual assault.
A panel of university officials from American University, Howard University, and George Washington University will sit with me to hear the concerns and recommendations of local university students and advocacy groups.
D.C. Emancipation Week Generates Historic Momentum for Statehood
Last week, I used the lead up to D.C. Emancipation Day, April 16, as a rallying cry for statehood for the District of Columbia with speeches on the House floor.
D.C. Emancipation Day commemorates April 16, 1862, when President Abraham Lincoln and Congress freed 3,100 enslaved African Americans in the District.
But I went to the House floor on Tuesday and Wednesday for a series of floor speeches about the freedom residents have not won, culminating in a special order hour dedicated to making D.C. the nations 51st state.
On Day 1, I showcased how the District has outpaced many states in casualties in the nations wars , even though D.C. residents have no vote in the House and no Senators.
D.C. citizens have secured the vote everywhere they have fought for their country, yet are denied their basic democratic rights when they return home.
On Day 2, April 15, aka Tax Day, I again took to the House floor and cited official government statistics that show D.C. pays more in federal taxes per capita than any state in the Union .
The slogan taxation without representation, despite originating in the American Revolution, still rings true in the District today.
Finally, on Wednesday, during my special order hour, I highlighted a 2014 United Nations Human Rights Committee report that cited the denial of the rights of D.C. residents as a human rights violation under the International Covenant on Civil and Political Rights treaty, which the U.S. ratified in 1992.
No other country in the world denies representation to citizens living in its capital city.
I marched with D.C. residents in the D.C. Emancipation Day parade, which I helped lead with Mayor Muriel Bowser .
We must continue the momentum and enthusiasm we built last week and carry it through the rest of this year.
We have already broken the record for the most cosponsors in Congress for our D.C. statehood bill.
Now we must build our movement in the District and grow the statehood message on a national scale.
Commemorating Equal Pay Day with a Bill to Protect Women from Wage Discrimination in Gender-Based Jobs
Equal Pay Day was April 14, marking the day of the year a woman on average has to work to earn what a man earned by the end of last year.
Although we have made some progress since the enactment of the 1963 Equal Pay Act, the gender wage gap remains wide, and hurts working women across the country.
That is why each year I cosponsor the Paycheck Fairness Act, which updates the Equal Pay Act by allowing class actions, allows employees to share information about work without retaliation by employers, and, in other ways, conforms the EPA to procedures reflected in other civil rights statutes.
In addition, on Equal Pay Day, I introduced my bill, the Fair Pay Act , to help eliminate the gender wage gap by requiring that if men and women are doing comparable work, they are to be paid comparable wages.
For example, if a woman is an emergency services operator, a female-dominated profession, she should not be paid less than a fire dispatcher, a male-dominated profession, simply because each of these jobs has been dominated by one sex.
It is the right thing to do.
No More Gyrocopters, But We Must Maintain Balance Between Security Concerns and Public Access
Last week, a man landed a gyrocopter on the West Lawn of the U.S. Capitol .
He was trying to send a political message, but he ended up sparking debate on whether the airspace in the nations capital is secure.
Ultimately, the gyrocopter incident was not a serious threat to the security of the nations capital.
The man responsible should be held accountable to deter future offenders, and security agencies should learn from this incident to prevent similar threats from small aircraft that could be far more serious.
It is important, however, that the ensuing debate on the security here involves experts from a broad spectrum of disciplines who can maintain the balance of openness and access while responding adequately to potential security threats posed by terrorists.
doctype html
Congresswoman Nortons e-Newsletter
Monday, April 20, 2015
Event Today: Press Conference to Defend D.C. Anti-Discrimination Bill from Congress
This morning,
I hosted a Capitol Hill press conference with a broad coalition of local and national organizations to defend the District of Columbias right to govern itself free from congressional interference .
Tomorrow, the House Oversight and Government Reform Committee
(OGR) is scheduled to markup a bill to overturn the D.C. Reproductive Health Non-Discrimination Amendment Act, which would prohibit employers from discriminating against an employee, spouse or dependent based on private reproductive health decisions.
The
member who introduced this so-called disapproval resolution, Representative Diane Black (R-TN), seems to have forgotten that she was elected by her constituents in Tennessee, not the people of the District.
We spoke with the committees Republican majority,
which has agreed not to include the D.C. Human Rights Amendment Act in tomorrows markup, but an attack on that bill is still expected.
This is a direct assault on the democratic and reproductive rights of our residents, and we will fight to ensure our local
laws remain protected.
We are using the hashtags #DontFireMeForChoice, #RespectMyRights, and #ReproRights to fight the disapproval resolution.
Event on Thursday: Combating D.C. Campus Sexual Assault Roundtable
Combating Sexual Assault on Campus: A Search for Realistic Remedies, April 23
American University School of Public Affairs
Ward 1 Auditorium
4400 Massachusetts Avenue NW
6:00 p.m.
8:00 p.m.
Our roundtable during National Sexual Assault Awareness and Prevention Month, entitled Combating Sexual Assault on Campus: A Search for Realistic Remedies, at American University, Ward 1
Auditorium (4400 Massachusetts Ave. NW) is on Tuesday, April 23, from 6:00 p.m.
8:00 p.m.
The goal of the roundtable is to help colleges, universities, students, and advocates in the District develop solutions to prevent campus sexual assault.
A panel
of university officials from American University, Howard University, and George Washington University will sit with me to hear the concerns and recommendations of local university students and advocacy groups.
D.C. Emancipation Week Generates Historic Momentum for Statehood
Last week, I used the lead up to D.C. Emancipation Day, April 16, as a rallying cry for statehood for the District of Columbia with speeches on the House floor.
D.C. Emancipation Day commemorates
April 16, 1862, when President Abraham Lincoln and Congress freed 3,100 enslaved African Americans in the District.
But I went to the House floor on Tuesday and Wednesday for a series of floor speeches about the freedom residents have not won, culminating
in a special order hour dedicated to making D.C. the nations 51st state.
On Day 1,
I showcased how the District has outpaced many states in casualties in the nations wars ,
even though D.C. residents have no vote in the House and no Senators.
D.C. citizens have secured the vote everywhere they have fought for their country, yet are denied their basic democratic rights when they return home.
On Day 2, April 15, aka Tax Day,
I again took to the House floor and cited official government statistics that show
D.C. pays more in federal taxes per capita than any state in the Union .
The slogan taxation without representation, despite originating in the American Revolution, still rings true in the District today.
Finally, on Wednesday, during my special order hour, I highlighted a 2014 United Nations Human Rights Committee report that
cited the denial of the rights of D.C. residents as a human rights violation under the International Covenant on Civil and Political Rights treaty, which the U.S. ratified in 1992.
No other country in the world denies representation to citizens living in
its capital city.
I marched with D.C. residents in the D.C. Emancipation Day parade, which
I helped lead with Mayor Muriel Bowser .
We must continue the momentum and enthusiasm we built last week and carry it through the rest of this year.
We have already broken the record for the most cosponsors in Congress for our D.C. statehood bill.
Now we must build our movement in the District
and grow the statehood message on a national scale.
Commemorating Equal Pay Day with a Bill to Protect Women from Wage Discrimination in Gender-Based Jobs
Equal Pay Day was April 14, marking the day of the year a woman on average has to work to earn what a man earned by the end of last year.
Although we have made some progress since the enactment
of the 1963 Equal Pay Act, the gender wage gap remains wide, and hurts working women across the country.
That is why each year I cosponsor the Paycheck Fairness Act, which updates the Equal Pay Act by allowing class actions, allows employees to share information
about work without retaliation by employers, and, in other ways, conforms the EPA to procedures reflected in other civil rights statutes.
In addition, on Equal Pay Day,
I introduced my bill, the Fair Pay Act ,
to help eliminate the gender wage gap by requiring that if men and women are doing comparable work, they are to be paid comparable wages.
For example, if a woman is an emergency services operator, a female-dominated profession, she should not be paid less
than a fire dispatcher, a male-dominated profession, simply because each of these jobs has been dominated by one sex.
It is the right thing to do.
No More Gyrocopters, But We Must Maintain Balance Between Security Concerns and Public Access
Last week,
a man landed a gyrocopter on the West Lawn of the U.S. Capitol .
He was trying to send a political message, but he ended up sparking debate on whether the airspace in the nations capital is secure.
Ultimately, the gyrocopter incident was not a serious threat to the security of the nations capital.
The man responsible
should be held accountable to deter future offenders, and security agencies should learn from this incident to prevent similar threats from small aircraft that could be far more serious.
It is important, however, that the ensuing debate on the security here
involves experts from a broad spectrum of disciplines who can maintain the balance of openness and access while responding adequately to potential security threats posed by terrorists.
Thanks for subscribing!
Follow Congresswoman Norton on
Facebook ,
Twitter ,
Instagram ,
YouTube , or her
website
for more updates.
Capitol Hill Office
2136 Rayburn HOB
Washington, D.C. 20515
Phone: (202) 225-8050
Fax: (202) 225-3002
S.E. District Office
2041 Martin Luther King Jr. Ave., S.E.
Washington, D.C. 20020
Phone: (202) 678-8900
Fax: (202) 678-8844
Main District Office
90 K Street, N.E., Suite 100
Washington DC 20001
Phone: (202) 408-9041
Fax: (202) 408-9048
To unsubscribe from our list, please click here .
