
If you are having
trouble viewing this message or would like to share it on a social
network, you can
view the
message online .
HOME
ABOUT
CONTACT ME
SERVING YOU
MEDIA CENTER
ISSUES &amp;
LEGISLATION
OUR DISTRICT
April 17, 2015
Dear
Friend,
The federal tax code has grown year after year,
expanding to a disturbingly lengthy
4 MILLION words . On
top of that, the average American spends
13 HOURS
filing their taxes. That's why I support establishing a fairer, simpler
and flatter tax system that will ease the burden on small businesses and
reduce the number of hours that you and your families spend each year
preparing your taxes.
On Thursday I cast my votes in
support of the State and Local Sales Tax Deduction Fairness Act of 2015
and the Death Tax Repeal Act of 2015.
The State and Local
Sales Tax Deduction Fairness Act of 2015, H.R. 622, makes permanent
the current choice taxpayers have on their federal returns to either
deduct their state income tax or their sales taxes. This especially
benefits the approximately 1 in 5 Americans living in states with no income
tax.
The Death Tax Repeal Act of 2015, H.R. 1105, amends
the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to repeal the estate and
generation-skipping transfer taxes. I was a co-sponsor of this bill, which
allows family businesses to stay open for future generations by removing an
exorbitant 40 percent tax they would need to pay in order to pass
hard-earned income down to their descendants.
A 2012
study by the Joint Economic Committee
concluded that the estate tax
has reduced the amount of capital stock in the U.S. economy by roughly
$1.1 trillion since its introduction.
I also voted on a
number of bills to hold the IRS accountable to taxpayers, including
legislation to establish provisions for terminating an IRS employee who
takes certain official actions for political purposes and to prohibit
officers and employees of the IRS from using personal emails to
conduct official business. The actions taken by some at the IRS to unfairly
target individual groups based on their political affiliations are
completely inexcusable, and these bills will help make sure it never
happens again.
On
Monday I had the honor of visiting Walter Reed Medical Center just
outside of Washington.
I
toured the National Intrepid Center of Excellence , the 3D Medical
Applications Center, and Tranquility Hall, one of several outpatient
barracks where wounded warriors live while continuing to heal and undergo
rehabilitation. I was invited to tour WR at the invitation of
Master Sargeant Cedric Jermel King, who I brought as my guest to the
State of the Union this past January. Master Sergeant King was severly
injured by an improvised explosive device when he was deployed to
Operation Iraqi Freedom in 2003 and to Afghanistan in 2011. I am always
honored to spend time with him.
Sgt. King is pictured on the left of this photo. On the
right is U.S. Army Specialist Stefan LeRoy, a California native who was
injured by an improvised explosive device blast during his first
deployment to Afghanistan and sustained a double above the knee
amputation.
On Tuesday one of the Agriculture subcommittees I
sit on heard testimony from Gabriella Germann, a 16-year-old from Ceres.
Gabriella traveled to Washington to represent the Westport 4-H and
share her personal experience with 4-H with our
committee.
Last week I mentioned a pending deal
between the Bureau of Reclamation, Oakdale Irrigation District and South
San Joaquin Irrigation District regarding allocation of water from New
Melones Dam. After extensive negotiations I was pleased to see the
Bureau and the districts moving forward with an agreement that protects
agriculture, people and the environment. The districts brought
tremendous data and scientific knowledge to the table, while protecting their
livelihoods, and the federal and state agencies worked overtime to
ensure the agreement was sound. This deal is an important step forward as
we prepare for the hot summer months ahead.
I was
heavily involved in discussions to come to an agreement and sent a series of
letters to the Bureau of Reclamation, NOAA Fisheries, the State Water
Resources Control Board, and the California Department of Fish and
Wildlife. These letters can be viewed
here ,
here
and
here .
This week I convened
a hearing to examine the status of rail, pipeline and hazmat safety
rules.
Rail safety
and specifically crude-by-rail safety is of crucial importance to our
community. Thats part of why I hosted FRA Acting Administrator Sarah
Feinberg in Modesto last week and why Ive held a series of hearings
in the Rail Subcommittee, which I chair, to push the Administration to
finalize their long-overdue safety rules. We heard testimony from
Acting Administrator Feinberg, Timothy P. Butters, Acting Administrator of
the Pipeline and Hazardous Materials Safety Administration (PHMSA);
and Christopher A. Hart, Chairman of the National Transportation Safety
Board (NTSB).
Read my comments to the committee
here .
I questioned the panel extensively about the
DOT-111 tank car rule, which has been in the making for four years now.
Four years is far too long.
Watch their answers
here .
Follow me on
Facebook ,
Twitter ,
YouTube
or
Instagram
for more updates.
Have a great
weekend!
JEFF DENHAM
Do you support making
the state and local tax deduction permanent? Yes No Do you support repealing the estate tax, otherwise known as the
death tax? Yes No *By answering
this survey, you are subscribing to my newsletter. If you
are having trouble, click here.
E-mail Updates
Yes, please
periodically send me e-mail updates.*
*By subscribing to my
e-mail updates, you are
authorizing me to send regular e-mail updates from my office to your e-mail
account.
DC office:
1730 Longworth
HOB
Washington, DC
20515
P: 202-225-4540
F: 202-225-3402
Modesto Office:
4701 Sisk Road,
Suite 202
Modesto, CA 95356
P: 209-579-5458
F:
209-579-5028
Unsubscribe
|
Update My
Profile
|
Privacy Policy
gateway mail end
