
MAR
27
News from Senator Ayotte's Office
Dear Friends,
Early this morning after more than 13 hours of voting, the Senate approved the Fiscal Year 2016 budget resolution, which provides a blueprint to guide federal spending decisions for the next fiscal year. Passing a budget on time is an important first step in getting our fiscal house in order, and in the coming weeks, the Senate and House will meet to resolve differences between both budget plans and ultimately produce a final budget resolution that will be considered by both chambers for the first time in years. This will allow the appropriations process to move forward in a timely and more transparent manner that provides better oversight of federal spending decisions.
During this week's budget debate, I'm pleased to report that the Senate adopted my amendment that calls for the administration to properly implement and strengthen the
Veterans Choice Card
program. I introduced this amendment in opposition to a provision in the president's budget request that seeks to shift funding away from the Choice Card program and reduce veterans' access to non-VA care - before the program has even been fully and properly implemented. The VA's initial roll-out of the Choice Card program in New Hampshire has caused confusion among veterans, and this amendment calls for administration to implement it as Congress intended so that veterans know their rights when it comes to accessing non-VA care.
The Senate also adopted my amendment that provides relief to community banks and credit unions. This bipartisan amendment recognizes that "one-size-fits-all" regulations place a disproportionate burden on these institutions. Although they did not cause the financial crisis, community banks and credit unions face an ever-increasing regulatory burden and a disproportionate burden because compliance costs are fixed and unlike big banks, they are unable to absorb increased compliance costs. My amendment protects these institutions that help fuel the Granite State economy.
This weekend, I'm looking forward to attending the New Hampshire National Guard's 5th annual combined state conference. Read on for more updates from my office, and have a great weekend!
Ayotte and Shaheen to IRS: Provide paper tax forms to public
By Iain Wilson,
Concord Monitor
March 25, 2015
A decrease in the number of available paper tax forms has caught the attention of the state's congressional delegation.
U.S. Sens. Kelly Ayotte and Jeanne Shaheen introduced a resolution yesterday urging the Internal Revenue Service to provide taxpayers with printed materials needed to file their taxes correctly and on time.
The resolution was in response to a decision by the IRS to cut back on mailing tax forms, including its Publication 17, a popular guide that provides instructions for most people filing taxes. The IRS recently stopped broad distribution of the printed manual unless requested and paid for by people preparing their taxes.
The cutback has been felt at libraries, traditionally a popular place to get the forms. The resolution, introduced by U.S. Sen. Marco Rubio, urges the IRS to provide tax materials to public libraries and facilities.
"With almost twenty percent of Granite Staters personally filing paper returns, the IRS' decision not to provide printed tax forms defies common sense and places an undue burden on low-income and elderly taxpayers in our state," Ayotte said, in a statement.
Read More
NH National Guard Member Joins Ayotte for Afghan President's Address to Congress
Senator Ayotte invited Sergeant First Class James Austin, a Littleton resident and member of the New Hampshire National Guard, to join her for Afghan President Ashraf Ghani's address to Congress this week.
"I was honored to welcome SFC Austin to Capitol Hill, and I deeply appreciate his selfless service to our country," said Ayotte, a member of the Senate Armed Services Committee. "SFC Austin and the citizen soldiers of the New Hampshire National Guard have played a critical role in protecting the security gains we have made in Afghanistan and ensuring that it does not again become a training ground for terrorists to launch attacks against us and our allies."
Read More
Ayotte Urges Administration to Prevent Taliban Five Terrorists from Returning to Battlefield
Senator Ayotte, a member of the Senate Armed Services Committee, is urging the Obama Administration to take steps to ensure that the Taliban Five terrorists, who were released from Guantanamo Bay last June, are not permitted to return to the battlefield in Afghanistan. According to public reports, the Taliban Five are subject to a one-year travel ban that has prohibited them from leaving Qatar, but that restriction could soon expire.
"With Americans continuing to serve in Afghanistan, it would be unacceptable to allow the Taliban Five to return to the battlefield there, especially since the administration could have continued to hold these individuals in Law of War detention," said Ayotte. "No American should ever have to confront a former Guantanamo detainee on the battlefield. Based on disturbing public reports regarding the Taliban Five, I am concerned that the administration is not doing enough to prevent that from happening."
Read More
Ayotte Reintroduces the Family Friendly and Workplace Flexibility Act
Senator Ayotte, along with Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell and Senator Johnny Isakson, reintroduced the Family Friendly and Workplace Flexibility Act, legislation which would allow voluntary workplace arrangements such as compensatory time and flexible credit hour agreements to be extended to hourly workers in the private sector.
"Working families in the private sector should have the same options to enter into the kind of flexible work arrangements that are currently available to public sector workers," said Senator Ayotte. "This legislation would enable employees to work with their employers to enter into voluntary agreements that would allow greater flexibility for workers who are looking to better balance their work-life demands."
Read More
Senate Passes Bipartisan Energy Bill that Includes Ayotte's "Better Buildings Act"
The U.S. Senate approved bipartisan legislation - the Energy Efficiency Improvement Act - cosponsored by Senator Ayotte that is aimed at boosting energy efficiency across the public and private sectors. The bill, authored by Senators Rob Portman and Jeanne Shaheen, includes a bipartisan provision authored by Ayotte and Senator Michael Bennet that encourages tenants of commercial buildings to implement cost-effective measures to help reduce energy consumption and utility costs for businesses. Ayotte is an original cosponsor of the Portman-Shaheen bill.
"I'm pleased the Senate finally passed this commonsense legislation, which would increase energy efficiency across the public and private sectors," said Ayotte." Commercial tenants have an essential role to play in managing energy efficient buildings, and this bill includes a provision I coauthored to incentivize commercial tenants to voluntarily implement cost-effective measures to responsibly reduce energy consumption."
The legislation incorporates language from an Ayotte stand-alone bill - the "Better Buildings Act" - that seeks to increase energy efficiency in commercial buildings by encouraging tenants to voluntarily implement cost-effective measures to reduce energy consumption and utility costs. The legislation would create a new voluntary "Tenant Star" certification to recognize tenants who operate energy efficient leased spaces. It's estimated that tenants use 50 percent or more of the energy in all office buildings.
Read More
Delegation Announces Support for New Hampshire's Major Disaster Declaration
Senators Ayotte and Jeanne Shaheen and Representatives Ann Kuster and Frank Guinta wrote to President Barack Obama in support of Governor Maggie Hassan's request for a Major Disaster Declaration for the State of New Hampshire following the damage and costs caused by a snowstorm in January. The costs associated with the January storm exceeded $3.29 million.
"The magnitude of the response required by this blizzard is such that an effective response is beyond the capacity of New Hampshire's state and local governments, justifying federal assistance," the delegation wrote. "We urge you to grant a Major Disaster Declaration for New Hampshire as soon as possible in order to ensure that our state and towns have access to the resources and assistance they need to fully recover from this emergency."
President Obama signed the disaster declaration on Wednesday, following the delegation's letter.
Read More
Ayotte calls for 2 new submarines annually between '16 and '20
By Elizabeth Dinan,
Portsmouth Herald
March 25, 2015
New Hampshire Republican Sen. Kelly Ayotte announced on Tuesday that she's advocating for two new Virginia Class submarines to be procured every year between 2016 and 2020.
In a press release, Ayotte said the call for the 10 new submarines was a continuation of "her efforts to sustain America's Naval power and advocate for Portsmouth Naval Shipyard."
She announced that she has urged leaders of the Senate Armed Services Committee to authorize the Department of the Navy's request for the new subs citing "the importance of attack submarines to U.S. national security" and "the declining size of the nation's attack submarine fleet in the coming years."
Read More
Photos of the Week
Senator Ayotte and students from Sandwich Central High School
Senator Ayotte with members of the New Hampshire Humanities Council, Debbie Watrous and retired New Hampshire State Senator Bob O'Dell
Senator Ayotte with students participating in the Air Force ROTC program at Salem High School and their parents
Senator Ayotte and New Hampshire advocates for the Alzheimer's Association
Warm Regards,
Kelly Ayotte
United States Senator
Email Kelly
Manchester Office
1200 Elm Street, Suite 2
Manchester, NH 03101 Phone:
603-622-7979
Nashua Office
144 Main Street
Nashua, NH 03060 Phone:
603-880-3335
North Country Office 19 Pleasant Street, Suite 13B
Berlin, NH 03570 Phone:
603-752-7702 Fax:
603-752-7704
Portsmouth Office
14 Manchester Square, Ste 140
Portsmouth, NH 03801 Phone:
603-436-7161
Washington, DC
144 Russell Senate Office Building
Washington, DC 20510
Phone:
202-224-3324
Email Kelly
|
ayotte.senate.gov
|
Unsubscribe
