
If you are having trouble
viewing this message or would like to share it on a social network,
you can
view the message
online .
About Lynn
|
Constituent Services
|
Issues
|
Media
Center
|
Legislative Center
|
Georgia's Third District
|
Contact Me
April 04, 2015
Capitol Corner: Bergdahl and Iran: A
Pattern of Bad Negotiations
In the midst
of the controversial nuclear negotiations with Iran, the news broke
last week that Sergeant Bowe Bergdahl was being charged with desertion
and misbehavior before the enemy. For those of you who may not
remember, Bergdahl was being held hostage by the Taliban last year and the
Obama Administration released five dangerous Taliban members from
Guantanamo Bay in exchange for his release. I do not agree with negotiating
with terrorists, especially since we did not know the circumstances
surrounding his disappearance, and the lack of assurances that the
Taliban Five would not return to
terrorism.
Bergdahl is now being charged with desertion and endangering
American troops, including the six soldiers killed on a rescue mission
for him, and there are reports that the Taliban Five have tried to
return to terrorism on multiple occasions. When negotiations like
Bergdahls are flawed and rushed, they can put our soldiers and homeland in
danger. I do not have any trust in this administrations negotiations,
and a pattern of bad deals is
emerging.
I am also concerned with the administrations ongoing negotiations
with Iran, thats why I joined 367 of my colleagues in the House in
sending a letter to President Obama expressing serious concern over a
nuclear deal with Iran. As the deadline nears for an agreement, we are
concerned that the United States will fold under pressure and the end
result will compromise our national security. The Associated Press
reported the United States is planning on allowing them to keep an
operational centrifuge in a heavily fortified underground mountain bunker
that has been hardened and dug deeply into a mountainside making it
resistant
possibly impervious
to air attack. This is the same
location that was used to enrich uranium to a level just a technical step
away from weapons-grade until late 2013. Iran has also refused to
agree to export their stockpiles of uranium out of the country, causing
serious concern over the amount of uranium in the country and the
accessibility of the fuel. Additionally, the emerging deal lifts sanctions
on Iran for a decade. After decades of Irans secrecies and lies, we
cannot trust they will scale down their nuclear explorations and must
also consider the concerns of our allies in the Middle East,
particularly Israel. Speaker Boehner has made it clear that if the nuclear talks
fall through, then the sanctions [against Iran] are going to come,
and theyre going to come
quick.
The overwhelming number of signees on the letter shows that even
members of Obamas own party do not trust he will put America and our
allies interests first in this nuclear deal. We cannot have another bad
deal that could jeopardize American soldiers and those of our allies
abroad. I encourage the Obama Administration to instead include Congress
on a long-lasting solution.
Share on
Facebook
Share on Twitter
Westmoreland Congratulates Georgia's Third District Art Competition
Winner
Aubri (far
right) is the little girl in the artists drawing and accepted the
award on First Place Winner Katelyn Gilberts
behalf.
On Saturday, March 28, 2015, I hosted Georgias Third Congressional
Districts Art Competition at the Central Education Center in Newnan,
Georgia. Ninety high school students submitted artwork and a panel of
local art teachers judged the competition. I was pleased to award
Katelyn Gilbert of Harris County first place for her piece Our Miracle
Aubri, Blessed are We!.
Katelyn is a freshman at Harris County High
School and it is her art teacher Sondra Palmers fourth time winning
in a row.
I am always blown away
by the talent of the Third Districts high school students. I want to
congratulate and thank all the students who submitted artwork, and
encourage them to use their incredible artistic gift to follow their
dreams. I would especially like to congratulate Katelyn Gilbert, Mattison
Mersereau, and Kayleigh Ferguson on placing today and look forward to
proudly displaying Katelyns artwork in the United States
Capitol.
As the first place winner of the
Congressional Art Competition, Katelyn will receive a $10,000 scholarship
to the Art Institute of Atlanta (AI) and have her artwork displayed
in the corridors of the U.S. Capitol. In addition, she will receive a
trip to Washington D.C. with a parent and her art teacher to attend the
ceremony where her artwork will be displayed in the Capitol. Second
place and a $5,000 scholarship from AI were awarded to Mattison
Mersereau from Ola High School, and third place went to Kayleigh Ferguson
from Locust Grove High School as well as a $2,500 scholarship from
AI.
For more photos of the event, check out my
Facebook album,
Spring
2015 .
Share on Facebook
Share on
Twitter
Join the Conversation
Tell a Friend
E-mail:
In Other News
Westmoreland: This District Work
Week
I've been staying busy down in GA03 this week.
Check out my Facebook album for photos of what I've been up
to...
Reminder:
Registration for Academy Day Now
Open
I invite you to meet representatives of Americas Service Academies
on Saturday, May 9th from 10:00 a.m. until 11:30 a.m. at Dobbins Air
Reserve Base in Marietta,
Ga
Fayette Citizen: Westmoreland
updates Kiwanis on DC activities
U.S. Representative
Lynn Westmoreland (GA- District 3) recently spoke to the Peachtree City
Kiwanis Club and updated members on congressional activities with
special emphasis on the budget and
immigration
Reuters: U.S. targets
overseas cyber attackers with new sanctions
program
The Obama administration on Wednesday launched the first-ever
sanctions program to financially punish individuals and groups outside the
United States that are engaged in malicious cyber
attacks
Roll Call:
Gowdy Requests Transcribed Interview With Clinton Over
Emails
Benghazi Committee Chairman Trey Gowdy wants answers
and the truth, presumably
from Hillary Clinton regarding her use of a
private email address and server during her time as secretary of
State, and he wants those answers no later than May
1
Politico: DOJ: No
contempt charges for former IRS official Lois
Lerner
The Justice Department will not seek criminal contempt charges
against former IRS official Lois Lerner, the central figure in a scandal
that erupted over whether the tax agency improperly targeted
conservative political groups
Time: U.S. Resumes Weapons Flow to
Egypt
President Obama on Tuesday lifted his nearly two-year
ban on shipping American weapons to Egypt, a restriction imposed after
its military kicked out its elected government in
2013
The Wall
Street Journal: Jobless Claims Fall By 20,000 in March 28
Week
The number of Americans seeking first-time unemployment
benefits fell to near the lowest level in 15 years last week, a sign
of continued improvement in the labor
market...
Washington Post: Why
Obama chose the Iran talks to take one of his presidencys biggest
risks
Much of President Obamas foreign policy
agenda has been foisted upon him during his six years in
office
WASHINGTON, DC
OFFICE 2202 Rayburn House Office Bldg Washington,
DC 20515 Phone (202) 225-5901 Fax (202) 225-2515
THIRD DISTRICT OFFICE
1601-B East Highway 34 Newnan, Georgia
30265 Phone (770) 683-2033 Fax (770) 683-2042
Unsubscribe
|
Update My Profile
|
Privacy
Policy
