
RAND'S NEWSLETTER UPDATE
APRIL 17, 2015
Please allow me to update you on this week's happenings in Washington, D.C.
The Washington, D.C. Office of Dr. Rand Paul Moves
My office is now located in room 167 of the Russell Senate Office Building. Although our office space has changed, our office phone number will remain the same. If you have any issues or concerns, please do not hesitate to contact my Washington, D.C. office (202) 224-4343.
Dr. Rand Paul Participates in Bipartisan Panel Discussion on Criminal Justice Reform at Howard University.
This week, I took my conservative message of criminal justice reform to Howard University in Washington, D.C. The panel discussion titled, "From Protest to Politics: A Bipartisan Approach to Criminal Justice Reform" was moderated by Rep. Elijah Cummings (D-MD). Panelists participating in the discussion included: Sen. Cory Booker (D-NJ), Reps. Raul Labrador (R-ID), Hakeem Jeffries (D-NY), and Delegate Stacey Plaskett (D-VI).
The War on Drugs has had a disproportional affect on minorities and our inner cities. Our current system is broken and has trapped thousands of young men and women in a cycle of poverty and incarceration. It is my hope that my criminal justice reform legislation will help many of these young people escape this trap by reforming our criminal justice system, expunging records after time served, and preventing non-violent crimes from becoming a permanent blot on one's record.
Click
HERE
to read my entire statement.
(Dr. Rand Paul Participates in Panel Discussion at Howard University - April 16, 2015)
Dr. Rand Paul Speaks at Susan B. Anthony List's Campaign for Life Summit
On Thursday, I spoke at the Susan B. Anthony List's Campaign for Life Summit in Washington, D.C. I believe it is vital Congress upholds and protects the right to life, which is why I continue to support pro-life legislation.
(Sen. Rand Paul Speaks at the Susan B. Anthony List's Campaign for Life Summit - March 16, 2015)
Dr. Rand Paul Introduces Defense of Environment and Property Act of 2015
This week, I reintroduced the
Defense of Environment and Property Act of 2015 . This legislation will bring common sense back to federal water policy by redefining "navigable waters," exclude ephemeral or intermittent streams from federal jurisdiction, and restrain the powers that the Environmental Protection Agency (EPA) and the Army Corps of Engineers hold over American landowners.
Every year, thousands of property owners across America fall victim to the EPA and Army Corps of Engineer's bullying tactics. Strike &mdash; I firmly believe it is the landowners' Constitutional rights to do what they please with their own property. The time has come to bring common sense back to the federal jurisdiction over navigable waters and place necessary limitations on out-of-control government agencies.
Click
HERE
to read my entire statement.
Dr. Rand Paul and Sen. Boxer Introduce Invest in Transportation Act
On Thursday, Sen. Barbara Boxer (D-CA) and I introduced bipartisan legislation that would extend the Highway Trust Fund and create jobs.
The Invest in Transportation Act of 2015 , S. 981, incentivizes companies to bring some of the estimated $2 trillion in foreign earnings that are being held overseas back to the United States.
Our nation's highways and bridges are in desperate need of repair and demand our immediate attention. My legislation with Senator Boxer is a fiscally responsible approach to providing the necessary resources to correct the shortfalls in the Highway Trust Fund, while strengthening the U.S. economy and keeping jobs here at home.
Click
HERE
to read my statement in its entirety.
Dr. Rand Paul Meets with Kentuckians from the American Academy of Ophthalmology group
On Thursday, I had the opportunity to meet with Kentuckians from the
American Academy of Ophthalmology in my offices in Washington, D.C. As
an Ophthalmologist for 20 years, I particularly enjoyed speaking with
the group on many important topics including Obamacare.
(Dr. Rand Paul and American Academy of Ophthalmology group - March 16, 2015)
Dr. Rand Paul Meets with Citizens for Fort Campbell and Christian County Chamber of Commerce
This week, I had the opportunity to meet with the Citizens for Fort
Campbell and the Christian County Chamber of Commerce. During the
meeting, the group provided an update for Fort Campbell's deployment
and discussed other important issues affecting Western Kentucky.
(Dr. Rand Paul and Citizens of Fort Campbell and the Christian County Chamber of Commerce - March 14, 2015)
Dr. Rand Paul Meets with Kentucky Beverage Association Members
On Tuesday morning, I met with members of the Kentucky Beverage Association in my offices in Washington, D.C. At the meeting, we discussed several important issues, including dietary guidelines and taxes.
(Dr. Rand Paul and Kentucky Beverage Association - March 14, 2015)
Dr. Rand Paul Meets with Kentuckians from I.B.M.
Also on Tuesday morning, I had the privilege of meeting with Owen Cropper and Don Fitzpatrick, I.B.M. Senior State Executives of the Lexington and Louisville offices. During the meeting we discussed many important issues pertaining to tax reform.
(Dr. Rand Paul and Kentuckians from I.B.M. - March 14, 2015)
Dr. Rand Paul Meets with the Epilepsy Foundation of Kentucky
I had the opportunity to meet with the Epilepsy Foundation of Kentucky on Tuesday. I spoke with the group about continued epilepsy research and various treatments for the disease.
(Dr. Rand Paul and Epilepsy Foundation of Kentucky - March 14, 2015)
Dr. Rand Paul Meets with the Institute of Real Estate Management Kentucky Members
I met with the Institute of Real Estate Management Kentucky members in my offices on Wednesday morning. We discussed the Marketplace Fairness Act.
(Dr. Rand Paul and Institute of Real Estate Management Kentucky Members - March 15, 2015)
Dr. Rand Paul Meets with Kentuckians from American Waterway Operators
I had the opportunity to meet with Kentuckians from the American Waterway Operators on Wednesday afternoon. During the discussion, we touched on many important topics facing the waterway industry.
(Dr. Rand Paul and American Waterway Operators - March 15, 2015)
Media Wrap-Up
This week, I appeared on Fox News Channel's
'On the Record' with Greta Van Susteren.
I spoke with several radio stations across the country, as well as stations in Kentucky including Brian Jackson from WVJS, Alan Watts from WKDZ-WHVO, Dan Manley of WMST, and John Emery of WFBI.
Have An Issue Or Concern?
If you are a Kentucky resident and need assistance with a federal agency or concern, feel free to contact the Bowling Green office (270-782-8303) to have a discussion with the appropriate staff member.
Stay in Touch with Sen. Paul's Social Media
You can find updates on what I'm doing by visiting my Senate website,
www.paul.senate.gov
and you can follow my official Google+ account
HERE . You can also subscribe to my YouTube channel
HERE . Don't forget to become a fan of my
official Facebook page
and my
official Instagram page
for other timely updates.
Warm Regards,
To unsubscribe from Rand's newsletter, please visit the
unsubscribe page
