
May 3, 2015
IN THIS ISSUE:
Senator Collins Leads Hearing on Fight to End Youth Homelessness
Maine's "Poetry Out Loud" Finalist Joins Senator Collins in Washington
Senator Collins Urges Commerce Secretary to Investigate All Canadian
Paper Producers in Trade Case
Senator Collins Participates in March of Dimes Gala as Celebrity Chef
Meeting With Mainers
WEEKLY COLUMN
Helping America's Homeless Youth Find their Confidence and Voice
By Senator Susan Collins
Every night, hundreds of thousands of homeless children and youth are
homeless. That is nearly one-third of the entire homeless population.
Even more shocking is the fact that tens of thousands of children and
teens face the danger and despair of homelessness alone, unaccompanied
by a parent or guardian.
It is important to note that these distressing federal statistics
reflect a survey of a single point in time in 2014. The reality is that
many more young people find themselves homeless for a period of time
throughout the course of a year. In fact, the Department of Education's
most recent data reported that more than 1.2 million students
experienced homelessness at some point during the 2012-2013 school
year, including 75,940 unaccompanied youth.
As Chairman of the Senate Appropriations Subcommittee with oversight of
the U.S. Department of Housing and Urban Development, I recently
chaired a hearing to assess the Department's efforts to prevent and end
youth homelessness. In 2010, the Administration set the goal of
preventing and ending child and youth homelessness by 2020. This
hearing addressed two important purposes. The first was to help
increase Congress' understanding of how federal programs can be
strengthened to better support homeless youth while operating within
the tight financial constraints we face. The second was to explore
partnerships since successfully ending youth homelessness cannot be
done through federal funds alone. Ending youth homelessness requires
cooperation and coordination across federal agencies, at different
levels of government, and in partnership with the philanthropic and
non-profit sector and families.
Two of our hearing witnesses made just that point with testimony that
was personal and powerful. One was Brittany Dixon of Auburn, Maine. The
other, was the world-famous, award-winning singer Cyndi Lauper. Both of
these remarkable women overcame homelessness as teens to build
productive lives and to serve others. Both were helped through those
extraordinarily difficult years by the public-private partnerships we
must cultivate and support.
Brittany Dixon may not be as famous as Cyndi Lauper, but she is
certainly just as inspiring. Left homeless at age 18, she told the
Subcommittee, "Nothing can prepare a teenager for the overwhelming and
frightening feelings of being alone and having nowhere to go and no one
to turn to."
To read the rest of Senator Collins' weekly column click here
.
Senator Collins Leads Hearing on Fight to End Youth Homelessness
Senator Susan Collins, Chairman of the Transportation, Housing and
Urban Development Appropriations Subcommittee, led a hearing this week
to examine the U.S. Department of Housing and Urban Development's
efforts to prevent and end youth homelessness. The hearing's witnesses
included Brittany Dixon, a former homeless youth and current education
technician from Auburn, Maine, and True Colors Fund Co-Founder and
Grammy, Emmy and Tony Award winning artist, Cyndi Lauper.
To watch Senator Collins' opening statement click here
or the play button above
After becoming homeless at 18 years old, Brittany Dixon was connected
with New Beginnings, a non-profit organization that provides emergency
services and transitional living programs for youth throughout the
state of Maine. In her testimony, Brittany said, "New Beginnings
provided many resources I could use to succeed, including assistance
with college applications and financial aid. New Beginnings has helped
me to develop critical life skills and to become self-sufficient."
With guidance from the New Beginnings team, Brittany attended the
University of Maine at Farmington and graduated with a bachelor's
degree in Elementary Education. She now works full time as an
Educational Technician for Washburn Elementary School in Auburn and is
planning to become a kindergarten teacher.
To watch Brittany Dixon's testimony click here
or the play button above
During the hearing, Senator Collins questioned Brittany about her
experiences and what it took for her to overcome homelessness. To watch
Senator Collins' and Brittany's exchange, click here
.
Collins supports federal bill to help homeless youth
>From the Lewiston Sun Journal
"An Auburn woman joined iconic 1980s pop singer Cyndi Lauper, among
others, Wednesday to testify before a congressional committee in
Washington, D.C., on the issue of youth homelessness in the United
States.
"Brittany Dixon spoke to the Transportation, Housing and Urban
Development Appropriations Subcommittee about her experience with
homelessness in Maine, urging lawmakers to support legislation that
funds federal programs for homeless teens.
"'During the summer after my senior year in high school, I found myself
in a situation with nowhere to go,' Dixon told the panel, which is
chaired by U.S. Sen. Susan Collins, R-Maine. 'After a final dispute
with my mother, she told me to leave and made me homeless at the age of
18.'
"Collins has been working to pass a bill that would reauthorize funding
for a variety of programs that help homeless youths in Maine and across
the nation.
To read the full article click here
.
To read Senator Collins' full press release click here
.
Maine's "Poetry Out Loud" Finalist Joins Senator Collins in Washington
This week, Senator Collins met with Rose Horowitz from Harpswell, who
is representing Maine in the "Poetry Out Loud" National Finals. Rose's
first place finish in the Maine competition earned her a trip to
Washington, DC to compete in the national finals as well as $500 to
purchase poetry books for her high school's library.
This year is the 10th anniversary of "Poetry Out Loud," which is an
initiative of the National Endowment for the Arts conducted in
partnership with The Poetry Foundation and State Arts Agencies. The
program engages high school students in memorizing and performing
poetry, providing the opportunity to master public speaking skills,
build self-confidence, and learn about literary heritage.
To watch a video of Rose reciting the poem, "Entirely," in Senator
Collins' office, please click here
.
Senator Collins Urges Commerce Secretary to Investigate All Canadian
Paper Producers in Trade Case
Senators Susan Collins and Angus King, and Congressman Bruce Poliquin,
sent a letter to Commerce Secretary Penny Pritzker this week,
expressing concern that the Department of Commerce's current
investigation of unfair Canadian subsidies in the supercalendered paper
market is overly limited in scope and could negatively affect
businesses in Maine. The trade case, which was initiated by the U.S.
Coalition for Fair Paper Imports and includes Madison Paper Industries,
is targeted toward the extensive subsidies received by Port Hawkesbury
Paper in Nova Scotia.
Senators Collins and King and Congressman Poliquin strongly support the
ongoing investigation. "This investigation is vitally important to
Madison Paper Industries, which produces supercalendered paper in Maine
and employs 200 workers in a rural area of our state," Senators Collins
and King and Congressman Poliquin wrote.
To read the full letter click here
.
To read the full press release click here
.
Senator Collins Participates in March of Dimes Gala as Celebrity Chef
This week, Senator Collins and 40 other members of Congress
participated as celebrity chefs for the 33rd Annual March of Dimes
Gala. Senator Collins' dish, "Little Surprise Cocktail Meatballs," were
prepared from a recipe perfected by Senator Collins' mother, Pat
Collins.
The gala is held annually to support the March of Dimes mission of
improving the health of mothers and babies by preventing birth defects,
premature birth, and infant mortality.
Meeting With Mainers
Senator Collins always makes time to meet individually with
constituents- either Mainers who are visiting Washington, D.C. or at
home in Maine.
She values hearing from Mainers on a wide range of topics. Here are a
few photos from recent meetings:
Top left:
Jim Bourque and Chris Black, Nappi Distributors
Top Right: Rich Livingston and Lori Parham, AARP
Bottom:
Students from Marshwood High School
OFFICE OF SENATOR SUSAN COLLINS
413 Dirksen Senate Office Building
Washington, D.C. 20510
Phone: (202) 224-2523
Fax: (202) 224-2693
To UNSUBSCRIBE, please click here
DEFAULT TABLE ATTRIBUTES ARE:
DEFAULT TD STYLE IS:
DEFAULT LEFT SIDEBAR IS:
DEFAULT RIGHT COLUMN IS:
Can't
see the images? Make sure your e-mail is set to download pictures in order to see the full content
of this e-newsletter.
May
3, 2015
IN
THIS ISSUE:
Senator Collins Leads
Hearing on Fight to End Youth Homelessness
Maine's "Poetry Out Loud" Finalist Joins Senator Collins in Washington
Senator Collins Urges
Commerce Secretary to Investigate All Canadian Paper Producers in Trade Case
Senator Collins Participates
in March of Dimes Gala as Celebrity Chef
Meeting With Mainers
WEEKLY COLUMN
Helping America&#8217;s Homeless Youth Find their Confidence and Voice
By Senator Susan Collins
Every night, hundreds of thousands of homeless children and youth are homeless. That
is nearly one-third of the entire homeless population. Even more shocking is the fact that tens of thousands
of children and teens face the danger and despair of homelessness alone, unaccompanied by a parent or
guardian. It is important to note that these distressing federal statistics reflect a survey of
a single point in time in 2014. The reality is that many more young people find themselves homeless for
a period of time throughout the course of a year. In fact, the Department of Education&#8217;s most recent
data reported that more than 1.2 million students experienced homelessness at some point during the 2012-2013
school year, including 75,940 unaccompanied youth.
As Chairman of the Senate Appropriations Subcommittee with oversight of the U.S. Department
of Housing and Urban Development, I recently chaired a hearing to assess the Department&#8217;s efforts
to prevent and end youth homelessness. In 2010, the Administration set the goal of preventing and ending
child and youth homelessness by 2020. This hearing addressed two important purposes. The first was to
help increase Congress&#8217; understanding of how federal programs can be strengthened to better support
homeless youth while operating within the tight financial constraints we face. The second was to explore
partnerships since successfully ending youth homelessness cannot be done through federal funds alone.
Ending youth homelessness requires cooperation and coordination across federal agencies, at different
levels of government, and in partnership with the philanthropic and non-profit sector and families.
Two of our hearing witnesses made just that point with testimony that was personal and
powerful. One was Brittany Dixon of Auburn, Maine. The other, was the world-famous, award-winning singer
Cyndi Lauper. Both of these remarkable women overcame homelessness as teens to build productive lives
and to serve others. Both were helped through those extraordinarily difficult years by the public-private
partnerships we must cultivate and support.
Brittany Dixon may not be as famous as Cyndi Lauper, but she is certainly just as inspiring.
Left homeless at age 18, she told the Subcommittee, &#8220;Nothing can prepare a teenager for the overwhelming
and frightening feelings of being alone and having nowhere to go and no one to turn to.&#8221;
To read the rest of Senator Collins' weekly column click
here .
Senator
Collins Leads Hearing on Fight to End Youth Homelessness
Senator Susan Collins, Chairman of the Transportation, Housing and Urban Development Appropriations
Subcommittee, led a hearing this week to examine the U.S. Department of Housing and Urban Development&#8217;s
efforts to prevent and end youth homelessness. The hearing&#8217;s witnesses included Brittany Dixon,
a former homeless youth and current education technician from Auburn, Maine, and True Colors Fund Co-Founder
and Grammy, Emmy and Tony Award winning artist, Cyndi Lauper.
To
watch Senator Collins' opening statement click
here
or the play button above
After becoming homeless at 18 years old, Brittany Dixon was connected with New Beginnings, a
non-profit organization that provides emergency services and transitional living programs for youth throughout
the state of Maine. In her testimony, Brittany said, &#8220;New Beginnings provided many resources I
could use to succeed, including assistance with college applications and financial aid&#8230; New Beginnings
has helped me to develop critical life skills and to become self-sufficient.&#8221;
With guidance from the New Beginnings team, Brittany attended the University of Maine at Farmington
and graduated with a bachelor&#8217;s degree in Elementary Education. She now works full time as an Educational
Technician for Washburn Elementary School in Auburn and is planning to become a kindergarten teacher.
To
watch Brittany Dixon's testimony click
here
or the play button above
During
the hearing, Senator Collins questioned Brittany about her experiences and what it took for her to overcome
homelessness. To watch Senator Collins&#8217; and Brittany&#8217;s exchange, click
here .
Collins supports federal bill to help homeless youth
From the
Lewiston
Sun Journal
"An Auburn woman joined iconic 1980s pop singer Cyndi Lauper, among others, Wednesday to testify
before a congressional committee in Washington, D.C., on the issue of youth homelessness in the United
States.
"Brittany Dixon spoke to the Transportation, Housing and Urban Development Appropriations
Subcommittee about her experience with homelessness in Maine, urging lawmakers to support legislation
that funds federal programs for homeless teens.
"'During the summer after my senior year in high school, I found myself in a situation with
nowhere to go,' Dixon told the panel, which is chaired by U.S. Sen. Susan Collins, R-Maine. 'After a
final dispute with my mother, she told me to leave and made me homeless at the age of 18.'
"Collins has been working to pass a bill that would reauthorize
funding for a variety of programs that help homeless youths in Maine and across the nation.
To read the full article click
here .
To read Senator Collins' full press release click
here .
Maine's "Poetry Out Loud" Finalist Joins
Senator Collins in Washington
This week, Senator Collins met with Rose Horowitz from Harpswell, who is representing
Maine in the &#8220;Poetry Out Loud&#8221; National Finals. Rose&#8217;s first place finish in the Maine
competition earned her a trip to Washington, DC to compete in the national finals as well as $500 to
purchase poetry books for her high school&#8217;s library.
This year is the 10th anniversary of &#8220;Poetry Out Loud,&#8221;
which is an initiative of the National Endowment for the Arts conducted in partnership with The Poetry
Foundation and State Arts Agencies. The program engages high school students in memorizing and performing
poetry, providing the opportunity to master public speaking skills, build self-confidence, and learn
about literary heritage.
To watch a video of Rose reciting the poem, &#8220;Entirely,&#8221; in Senator
Collins&#8217; office, please click
here .
Senator Collins Urges Commerce Secretary to
Investigate All Canadian Paper Producers in Trade Case
Senators Susan Collins and Angus King, and Congressman Bruce Poliquin, sent a
letter to Commerce Secretary Penny Pritzker this week, expressing concern that the Department of Commerce&#8217;s
current investigation of unfair Canadian subsidies in the supercalendered paper market is overly limited
in scope and could negatively affect businesses in Maine. The trade case, which was initiated by the
U.S. Coalition for Fair Paper Imports and includes Madison Paper Industries, is targeted toward the extensive
subsidies received by Port Hawkesbury Paper in Nova Scotia.
Senators Collins and King and Congressman Poliquin strongly support the ongoing
investigation. &#8220;This investigation is vitally important to Madison Paper Industries, which produces
supercalendered paper in Maine and employs 200 workers in a rural area of our state,&#8221; Senators
Collins and King and Congressman Poliquin wrote.
To read the full letter click
here .
To read the full press release click
here .
Senator
Collins Participates in March of Dimes Gala as Celebrity Chef
This week, Senator Collins and 40 other members of Congress participated
as celebrity chefs for the 33rd Annual March of Dimes Gala. Senator Collins&#8217; dish, &#8220;Little
Surprise Cocktail Meatballs,&#8221; were prepared from a recipe perfected by Senator Collins&#8217; mother,
Pat Collins.
The gala is held annually to support the March of Dimes mission of improving the
health of mothers and babies by preventing birth defects, premature birth, and infant mortality.
Meeting With Mainers
Senator Collins always makes time to meet individually with constituents&#8212; either Mainers who
are visiting Washington, D.C. or at home in Maine.
She values hearing from Mainers on a wide range of topics. Here are a few photos from recent meetings:
Top
left:
Jim Bourque and Chris Black, Nappi Distributors
Top Right: Rich Livingston and Lori Parham, AARP
Bottom:
Students from Marshwood High School
OFFICE OF SENATOR SUSAN COLLINS
413 Dirksen Senate Office Building Washington,
D.C. 20510 Phone: (202) 224-2523 Fax: (202) 224-2693
To UNSUBSCRIBE,
please
click here
