
If you are having trouble viewing this message or would like to
share it on a social network, you can
view the message online .
About
|
Contact
|
My Priorities
|
Services
|
Resources
|
Legislation
|
Media Center
April 30, 2015
Happy
Spring!
I want to talk to you a little in this newsletter about what
my Congressional office in the San Fernando Valley, and my office in
our United States Capitol can offer. In this newsletter, you will learn
about Linda from North Hollywood, who will be able to stay in her
home because of the diligent work of my staff in our Panorama City
office. I know there are hundreds of people like Linda all over the Valley,
who face challenges and who need someone on their side. I am here for
you. If you have a problem, or a question, with any federal agency,
like Social Security, the IRS, the Veterans Administration or even
immigration officials, just call my office at 818-781-7407. I have trained,
effective staff ready to help!
I hope
you have a wonderful spring,
Should
Earth Day be made a Federal holiday? Yes No Don't know/Don't
care *By answering this survey, you are subscribing to my newsletter. If you are having trouble, click here.
HEADING
HOME
Just before I came back home to the Valley for two weeks to talk to
folks here and visit local businesses, I recorded the first of what I
hope will be a series of YouTube videos to help you better understand
what happens in our nation's capital.
Heading Home is the name of the series
and in the first
episode, I talk a little bit about how the House helped make Medicare
more stable, as well as some other great topics. Take a look at this
video, let me know what you think, and be sure to follow my
Facebook
and
Twitter
feeds, where
you'll be able to catch future episodes.
FIXING MEDICARE FOR GOOD
In late March, the House of Representatives finally
worked together and passed H.R. 2, legislation to stabilize Medicare
costs that have been unstable for more than a decade. This legislation
standardizes what we pay your Medicare doctors and helps move the
Medicare payment model away from paying a doctor every time they see you,
toward paying them to help you get
well.
The bill also reauthorized the Childrens Health Insurance Program
(CHIP) until 2017 and stabilizes funding for Medicaid and Community
Health Centers. The chance to fix a problem like this, which has
existed for more than a decade, is something I have been waiting for since I
arrived in Congress. We actually saw true bipartisan compromise to
solve a critical challenge faced by our entire nation. Until now,
Congress passed the buck, with a wait til next year mentality. Well, for
seniors, doctors and our nation, this
is
next year. It took
more than one vote, and a great deal of discussion and debate, before
Republicans and Democrats finally shook hands on a deal, and the
President's pen signed this bill into law. I congratulate Leader Pelosi and
Speaker Boehner for their hard work pushing this bill through the
committee process to final passage in our House. I also want to thank the
Senate for acting quickly to pass the bill and move it to the
President's desk, and start helping the American
people.
Along with fixing Medicare, H.R. 2 will ensure that our San
Fernando Valley receives more than $11 million for Community Health
Centers. Los Angeles overall will see $262 million in funding for the
centers. Tens of thousands of families will be served by these Community
Health Centers, throughout Los Angeles
County.
LINDA'S
STORY
Linda lives in North Hollywood and she faced the threat that so
many of our brothers and sisters throughout the Valley face. Linda was
in danger of losing her home. She was only 30 days out of foreclosure.
She called my office and my casework specialist Nigel Sanchez was
able to help her. Nigel reached out to her lender, Chase, and asked them
if there was a program that Linda would fit
in.
Chase did exactly that, postponing the foreclosure and
sending Linda a packet of information, detailing the programs she was
eligible for. Nigel followed up with Linda just last month. She is still
in her home and is going through mortgage modification. Linda reached
out for help, I am happy my office was there to help, and I'm even more
happy that Linda and her family will get to stay in their
home.
These are the stories that touch my heart,
and the reasons I work so hard here in the Valley and in our nation's
capital. There are so many problems that we can work together to
solve. Please call my office, just like Linda did, at 818-781-7407. You
will be able to talk to Nigel or another staff person there, so we can
help you.
BALANCING OUR
WORKFORCE
Thanks to President Obama, millions of men and women who came to this
country as young children, because of their parents' decisions, as well as
parents of American citizens, will be able to stay in this country to
continue working to build our economy. In March, I invited all those
who could benefit from the President's new plan to attend our workshop
at Panorama High School!
Pastor Jim Tolle welcomed the crowd and Congressman
Luis Gutirrez joined me as more than 100 men and women signed up for
help from my staff and the groups represented at the event.
Even though an activist judge
in Texas has put a hold on the President's executive actions, we
believe that will soon be taken away by an appeals court, and these hard
workers will be able to come out of the shadows and take their place in
our workforce. I am proud to represent every person in my District, not
just those who were lucky enough to be born in this country. If
someone wants to work hard to build their American Dream and to rebuild our
American economy, I want to find a way to make sure they can do
exactly that.
Please call my office to learn more about DACA and DAPA.
I joined Rep. Luis Gutirrez to talk
with consituents about DACA/DAPA
Washington, DC
Office
1510 Longworth House Office Building
Washington, DC 20515
Phone:
202-225-6131
Fax: 202-225-0819
hours: M-F 9-5:30pm
District Office
8134 Van Nuys
Blvd.
Suite 206
Panorama City,
CA 91402
Phone: (818) 781-7407
Fax: (818) 504-0280
Unsubscribe
|
Update My Profile
|
Privacy
Policy
gateway mail end
