
Website
|
About
|
Contact Me
|
Serving You
|
Media Center
|
Legislative Work
|
Our District
|
Resources
April 12, 2015
The Scalise Capitol Report
Showcasing Offshore Energy Production
Since August 2008, I have had the privilege of
taking dozens of my Congressional colleagues to the deep waters
of the Gulf of Mexico to experience firsthand how energy is produced offshore. I always look forward to showcasing the importance of the oil and gas industry to my colleagues from around the country so we can create more champions for this vital industry that not only produce thousands of great jobs, but also increase American energy security.
The Offshore Energy Tour enables Members of Congress to fully grasp how offshore energy contributes to our national economy. The eight Members that joined me this year represent districts from the Northeast, West Coast, Midwest, and Gulf Coast as well as political perspectives from both sides of the aisle, proving that maximizing our energy resources is a bipartisan issue of national interest.
Congressman Zinke and I sharing the importance of energy independence on WWLTV
This year we traveled 135 miles southeast of New Orleans in the Gulf of Mexico to
Tubular Bells , an oil and gas platform which floats in approximately 4,300 feet of water and produces between 30,000 and 35,000 barrels of oil daily. During the seventh annual tour, we saw the unparalleled safety standards used to produce American energy. On Tubular Bells, each employee has the ability to shut down the entire operation if they see something unsafe onboard the platform. We also saw the ingenuity employed by hardworking people to implement these large-scale projects, and the cutting-edge technology involved.
Construction of Tubular Bells created 7,000 direct and indirect jobs in Louisiana and Texas
After touring the platform, we toured Port Fourchon, which currently services more than 90 percent of all Gulf of Mexico deepwater projects. This vital port in Louisianas First Congressional District plays a strategic role in furnishing nearly 20 percent of our nations entire oil supply. Port Fourchon is also the land base for the Louisiana Offshore Oil Port (LOOP) which is a critical link connecting crude oil to our nation's refining capacity. Port Fourchon, located in the Houma-Thibodaux metro area, also creates jobs for the hardworking taxpayers of LA-01. As was discussed during our tour and thanks in large part to the energy industry, the Houma-Thibodaux area has had the lowest unemployment rate of any metro area in Louisiana every month since November 2012.
Sharing the benefits of offshore energy production with HTV10
My colleagues and I then participated in a business roundtable with small business owners and local energy leaders in Lafourche Parish. We discussed how offshore energy production is vital to strengthening our national security, growing a healthy economy, providing much-needed tax dollars to the federal treasury, and supplying the best source of revenue to restore our eroding coastline. It is a crucial part of the national energy strategy that I have fought for since I became a Member of Congress and will continue to promote for the good people of Louisiana.
Participating in a business roundtable in Lafourche Parish
It was exciting
to have this bipartisan Congressional Delegation visit my district to witness offshore energy production, and I sincerely thank Hess Corporation for hosting us on Tubular Bells for the 2015 Offshore Energy Tour.
Recapping our experiences on the offshore energy tour at a press conference
Energy is something that affects our daily lives, and I will continue to promote the benefits that come from energy production. The more we maximize American energy potential, the more affordable, reliable and beneficial it will be for all hardworking taxpayers and our nation's economy.
Touring Tubular Bells in the Gulf of Mexico
It is an honor to represent you in Congress. For more information please visit my
website ,
Twitter ,
Instagram , and
Facebook
pages.
God Bless,
Steve Scalise
House Majority Whip
WEBSITE
|
UNSUBSCRIBE
|
CONTACT
Washington DC Office
2338 Rayburn HOB
Washington, DC 20515
Phone: (202) 225-3015
Houma Office
8026 Main Street
Suite 700
Houma, LA 70360
Phone: (985) 879-2300
Metairie Office
110 Veterans Boulevard
Suite 500
Metairie, LA 70005
Phone: (504) 837-1259
Mandeville Office
21454 Koop Drive
Suite 1E
Mandeville, LA 70471
Phone: (985) 893-9064
Hammond Office
1514 Martens Drive
Suite 10
Hammond, LA 70401
Phone: (985) 340-2185
Click Here Click Here