
APRIL 16, 2015
http://guthrie.house.gov
Dear Friends,
The start of the new Congress has brought about a series of important activity and legislative actions. Its hard to believe, but we just completed the first quarter of the year. Heres an update of what Ive been working on and what you can expect to be on the agenda in the coming weeks.
Most recently, the House reached a deal to make substantial structural reforms to the Medicare program while repealing the Sustainable Growth Rate (SGR) formula through which physicians are paid under Medicare.
For more than a decade, the SGR has threatened substantial cuts to doctors reimbursements, which in turn has caused uncertainty for seniors worried that their doctors would no longer accept Medicare.
Congress has acted 17 times to delay SGR since 2003 and now we are finally acting to permanently address the situation and stop the old habit of kicking the can down the road.
Included in the deal was a new payment structure that will move physicians from a fee-for-service model which rewards volume, and instead shifts toward one that focuses on quality and value.
This will improve quality and care, while making necessary transitions to put Medicare on more solvent fiscal footing.
The bill passed both the House and Senate with overwhelming bipartisan support and now heads to President Obamas desk, where it is expected to be signed into law.
Both the House and Senate passed budgets this year, which is a necessary step to fund critical services and operations and outline our nations fiscal structure.
While the budgets from each chamber vary to some extent, one thing is clear
both reject President Obamas proposed $2.1 trillion in new taxes, increased federal spending and $8.5 trillion addition to our national debt. The House and Senate took responsible approaches in the budget proposals issued and Im optimistic about upcoming discussions to finalize the budget between both chambers.
This week, the House is considering legislation relating to the issues at the IRS, and in the near future we will consider legislation on cybersecurity. These are important issues that I believe both sides of the aisle can find some common ground on.
BILL ROUND-UP
As Vice Chairman of the Health Subcommittee, Ive introduced a series of health care related bills already this Congress. Heres a quick update on these pieces of legislation:
H.R. 1624, the Protecting Affordable Coverage for Employees Act
Ensures that small- and mid-sized businesses are not impacted by an Obamacare provision that will change the definition of a small group market. Under Obamacare, the small group market is employers with 1-50 employees until January 2016, at which point the definition will change to 1-100 employees.
If this change occurs, it will dramatically alter the scope of the marketplace, forcing many of these smaller employers off their current health insurance plans and resulting in significant premium increases for those employees.
H.R. 1344, the Early Hearing Detection and Intervention Act of 2015
Reauthorizes the federal authority for newborn and infant hearing tests and intervention programs, which is currently set to expire in September.
According to the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention, the number of newborn babies receiving hearing screening has risen from 40 percent to 97 percent since the initial screening program became law. The bill ensures these important screenings continue, and also places a new focus on loss to follow-up, to ensure those babies with hearing loss are given the treatment and care they need.
H.R. 921, the Sports Medicine Licensure Clarity Act of 2015
Clarifies medical liability rules for athletic trainers and sports medical professionals to ensure they are properly covered by their malpractice insurance while traveling with their athletic team to another state.
Currently, these professionals are not generally covered when performing their jobs at away games, tournaments, or training sessions out of state.
H.R. 592
Would allow Medicare to reimburse pharmacists in medically underserved communities for key health care services like immunizations, diabetes management, blood pressure screenings and routine checks. Many states already allow pharmacists to provide these services, and increased access for vulnerable patients to these basic health care services would improve their health and reduce long-term costs to the system. The vast majority of the Commonwealth is categorized as medically underserved and would see increased access to care by pharmacists as a result of this legislation.
As Co-Chairman of the Congressional Spectrum Caucus, I also worked to reintroduce a bipartisan bill that will provide financial incentives to encourage government agencies to relocate from their existing spectrum bands to free up additional spectrum for commercial purposes.
H.R. 1641, the Federal Spectrum Incentive Act , mirrors legislation I previously introduced with my fellow Co-Chair of the caucus, Rep. Doris Matsui (D-CA), and we are hopeful that the bill will be considered this Congress.
KENTUCKIANS IN THE CAPITAL
I was honored to receive the Alzheimer's Association's 2015 Humanitarian Award in March for my legislative work to advance Alzheimer's research.
Earlier this month I received the 2015 Health Care Leadership Award from the American Optometric Association. It was a great honor and I was glad to have so many of Kentucky's own optometrists in town for the conference.
Meeting with Alvaton Elementary School students on the steps of the U.S. Capitol Building.
We talked about my job in Washington before I headed inside the Capitol Building to vote on legislation.
If you or someone you know is planning to visit our nations capital, give my Washington office a call to set up a Capitol tour
202-225-3501.
TRAVELING THE SECOND DISTRICT
If Im not in Washington, Im in Kentucky. From touring local businesses, to visiting with students, to meeting with local communities, Im routinely visiting the 21 counties Im proud to represent. Here are some of my more recent travels.
During the spring District Work Period, I visited Asbury University's Equine Center in Jessamine County. While touring the facility, I learned about the centers growth and impact on the university.
I routinely visit area schools to give brief presentations to fifth graders, who are studying our government where I explain the separation of powers and my role in Washington, D.C.
From there, I open it up to student questions and you better believe I receive some good ones! Most recently, I visited Morgantown Elementary School in Butler County, Vine Grove Elementary School in Hardin County and Rockfield Elementary School in Warren County.
Speaking with Morgantown Elementary School's fifth graders about my work in Washington, D.C.
KEEP IN TOUCH
Do you have a question about current events or need assistance with casework?
My staff is here to help. You can reach my Washington, D.C. office at 202-225-3501 with policy questions or my District Office at 270-842-9896 for casework inquiries.
Did you know that I have dedicated staff to assist those having issues with a federal agency, such as the Department of Veterans Affairs, the Social Security Administration, Medicare or State Department?
Perhaps you need assistance obtaining a Passport, or have been trying to locate your military file, or need assistance with an issue concerning the IRS.
To discuss your concerns and see if and how my office can assist you, reach my Constituent Services Representatives by phone at 270-842-9896 or via email at
guthrieassistance@mail.house.gov .
Please note that the location and address of my Bowling Green District Office has recently changed to 996 Wilkinson Trace, Suite B2, Bowling Green, KY
42103.
My office is also able to assist you in having a U.S. flag flown over the Capitol Building in Washington, D.C.
Flags are available for purchase in a variety of sizes and can be
ordered online here
(Please note: most individuals receive their flag(s) about four weeks after ordering).
Contact my Washington office for more information.
Do you use social media to stay informed? Be sure to like and follow me on
Facebook ,
Twitter
&amp;
Instagram .
As always, it is my pleasure to serve you.
Do not hesitate to reach out to me or my staff if we can be of assistance to you.
Sincerely,
BRETT GUTHRIE
Member of Congress
P.S.
Don't forget to take my survey!
I look forward to hearing your response.
Web Survey
The Federal Communications Commission (FCC) has recently taken action to regulate the Internet as a public utility using rules that were originally developed to regulate telephone monopolies in the 1930s. Do you support the FCCs efforts?
A.
No, I do not believe any federal action should be taken that would result in additional regulation of the Internet.
B.
No, I believe we need a bipartisan legislative solution that focuses on consumer protections while not threatening investment and innovation.
C.
Yes, I think federal regulators at the FCC should have more authority to protect access to the Internet.
D.
Other
Connect
Share on Facebook
Share on Twitter
Tell a Friend
E-mail Updates
Yes, please periodically send me e-mail updates.*
*By subscribing to my
e-mail updates, you are authorizing me to send regular e-mail updates from my office to your e-mail account.
Contact Information
Washington DC Office
2434 Rayburn HOB
Washington, D.C. 20515
Phone: (202) 225-3501
Fax: (202) 226-2019
Bowling Green Office
996 Wilkinson Trace, Suite B2
Bowling Green, KY 42103
Phone: (270) 842-9896
Fax: (270) 842-9081
Update My Profile
-
Unsubscribe
-
Privacy Policy
Click Here Click Here