
Friday, April 17, 2015
WEBSITE
|
FORWARD TO A FRIEND
| SHARE ON:
How the House Spent Tax Day
While the IRS spent April 15 th
counting your money, Congressional Republicans spent Tax Day passing legislation to hold the IRS accountable and continuing to work toward comprehensive tax reform to make the code simpler, fairer and more transparent for families and small businesses.
We passed a series of commonsense measures; heres a rundown:
Taxpayer Bill of Rights
Currently, taxpayers lack basic protections when dealing with the IRS. This bill would ensure taxpayers have access to information, the right to pay no more than the correct amount of tax, the right to challenge the IRS, the right to appeal IRS decisions to an independent forum, the right to privacy, the right to retain representation, and the right to a fair and just tax system. As National Taxpayer Advocate Nina Olson said, a Taxpayer Bill of Rights has the potential to restore taxpayers trust in both the IRS and the tax system.
Make Targeting a Firing Offense
This measure would authorize IRS officials to fire employees who engage in political targeting. No one should be unfairly targeted for their political beliefs. This bill is in response to that IRS employees knowingly targeted political groups applying for 501(c)(4) tax-exempt status based upon their names.
No Personal Email for Official IRS Business
While government workers using private email for official business is making headlines, the IRS has no outright ban on emailing outside its network. No hard-working American needs to worry about the security of their personal information being stolen or abused because of IRS negligence.
An Impartial, Two-Way Process
Non-profit groups seeking tax-exempt status deserve an impartial review process. If their application is turned down, they should be able to directly petition the IRS and get a fair hearing. During the investigation into IRS political targeting, it was discovered the IRS was denying appeal rights to groups that had been selected for extra review by IRS headquarters in Washington, D.C.
The Right to Know
This measure would help restore accountability to the IRS and encourage the transparency that Americans deserve. It would guarantee taxpayers the right to know the status of investigations involving their personal information.
No More Indefinite Delays
In the IRS targeting investigation, non-profits revealed they were waiting years to learn
if they received
tax-exempt status, causing uncertainty and hurting the groups ability to fundraise and recruit. This bill would streamline the process and allow groups to declare their tax-exempt status rather than wait indefinitely to gain approval.
Fair Treatment For All Gifts
The IRS targeting investigation revealed that the IRS threatened to apply the gift tax to donations to non-profits. This bill would prevent that abuse by ensuring all donations to non-profits are tax-free.
These measures will help bring accountability and transparency to the IRS. Meantime, Ill continue to work toward creating a tax code that puts American businesses and American families first by encouraging simplicity and fairness.
CONNECT
LATEST NEWS
Unlocking Job Creating Potential
Repealing Another Obamacare Tax
Strengthening Medicare
A Holocaust Tribute By Eric Wang was the winner of the 2015 12th District Congressional Art Competition for high school students. See all the entries
here .
I enjoyed touring the Muskingum Valley Health Center during a recent visit to Zanesville.
NOTE: Please DO NOT respond to this email as this inbox is unattended. To contact my office please
click here
UPDATE SUBSCRIPTION OPTIONS
|
PRIVACY POLICY
|
CONTACT US
Click Here Click Here