
If you are having
trouble viewing this message or would like to share it on a social
network, you can
view the
message online .
HOME
ABOUT
CONTACT ME
SERVING YOU
MEDIA CENTER
ISSUES &amp;
LEGISLATION
OUR DISTRICT
March 27, 2015
Dear Friend,
This week
was a busy one in D.C., but luckily I got to welcome several groups of
Central Valley students on Spring Break trips.
On Tuesday I joined
8 th
graders from Big Valley Christian on their tour of the
Capitol
On Wednesday, I met with almost a hundred high school students
from Ripon, Oakdale, Escalon, Modesto, Tracy, who traveled to
Washington as part of a group with Ripon
Christian.
This week I
also had the priviledge of meeting with representatives of the
Alzheimers Association, including a constituent from Modesto, about the
disease, its impact on their lives, and legislative solutions to the
crisis.
Congress welcomed His
Excellency Mohammad Ashraf Ghani, President of the Islamic Republic of
Afghanistan, for a joint address on Wednesday. The transition to
democratic government in Afghanistan hasnt been easy, but I was pleased to
hear him report that his country is on the path to self-reliance free
of an American presence. As we move through the final phrase of the
transition it will be important that the President has a clear strategy
to train the Afghan security forces to stand on their own when the
last American soldier leaves Afghanistan.
As I mentioned a
few weeks ago, Congressman McClintock and I wrote the U.S. Fish &amp;
Wildlife Service, the U.S. Bureau of Reclamation, and the National
Oceanic &amp; Atmospheric Administration asking them to meet immediately
and enter into emergency consultation proceedings to devise a new plan
to conserve water in New Melones reservoir and ensure the Stanislaus
River has flow all year. This week we have progress
a tentative deal
worked out between federal agencies and water districts so people can
keep farming, continue to produce power, recreation can occur, and
water will run down the river so fish can have the hope of
survival.
The drought is taking a toll on everything, so Im happy an
agreement for this year has been reached.
Yesterday Congressman McClintock and I followed up with a letter
to the
State Water Resources Control Board, which needs to approve the
proposed deal before it can go into effect.
On Wednesday the
House passed a budget resolution that balances in ten years with my
support. President Obamas budget, which never balances, isnt a
responsible or viable option. You and your family must make your spending fit
your income
and the federal government should do the same. The
budget I supported ensures a strong national defense, cuts waste and
redundancy and calls for a fairer, simpler tax code to promote job creation
and a healthy economy.
On Thursday, I supported a bill to
permanently fix the formula for reimbursing physicians accepting
Medicare, protecting seniors and healthcare providers from the constant
uncertainty of the previous SGR rate and ensuring solvency of the
program.
Each day in California more than 1,000 seniors become
eligible for Medicare. Without this bill many doctors would have
simply refused to see new Medicare patients, compounding our access to care
issues in the valley.
This legislation also moves
Medicare to a payment system that emphasizes quality care, ensuring that we
get the best outcomes for patients and results for our investment in
healthcare.
Finally I want to note that we extended the
programs supported our community health clinics. Many of you have
written to me expressing your reliance on health clinics such as Golden
Valley and Community Medical Centers for your primary care. The funding
included in this bill guarantees these important clinics will remain
open in the Central Valley.
Lastly I wanted to mention a
letter I sent with over 300 of my colleagues to the President this week
regarding his ongoing discussions with Iran. There is no question that
the number one threat facing Israel is the Iranian nuclear program
that was uncovered in 2002. The Iranians have only one goal: the
production of a nuclear weapon capable of being delivered against allies such
as Israel, U.S. forces in the Middle East and eventually against our
homeland. I am deeply concerned about the implications of forging a
deal on the Iranian nuclear program. I believe any agreement must include
provisions that dismantle the regime's enrichment capability and
provide for unfettered access to Iranian military facilities for
international inspection. Any such agreement must also be approved by Congress
before sanctions are lifted.
You can read the letter
in full here .
Im looking forward to a few weeks at
home and I hope you have a great weekend!
JEFF
DENHAM
P.S. One week left to vote for your favorite in the
Congressional Art Competition!
Cast your vote by hitting
Like on the submission you prefer .
Do you believe President Obama should be negotiating a nuclear
agreement with Iran? Yes No Do you believe any
agreement reached should be approved by Congress before sanctions are lifted?
Yes No Do you agree with the agreement
regarding water operation on the Stanislaus River? Yes No Need
more information *By answering this survey, you are subscribing
to my newsletter. If you are having trouble, click
here.
E-mail
Updates
Yes, please periodically send me e-mail
updates.*
*By subscribing to my
e-mail updates, you are authorizing me to send regular e-mail
updates from my office to your e-mail account.
DC
office:
1730 Longworth HOB
Washington, DC
20515
P:
202-225-4540
F: 202-225-3402
Modesto
Office:
4701 Sisk Road, Suite 202
Modesto, CA
95356
P: 209-579-5458
F: 209-579-5028
Unsubscribe
|
Update My Profile
|
Privacy Policy
