
HOME
|
About Mike
|
Contact YOUR Office
|
Serving You
|
Newsroom
|
Legislative Work
|
4th District
|
Resources
WEBSITE
| SHARE ON:
Greetings,
The Middle East is on fire.
I returned this week from a visit to Baghdad, Sulaymaniyah, Dukhot and Erbil in Iraq and to Qatar and Oman.
First the good news.
The soldiers leading Americas efforts on the ground from Kansas own Big Red One were a joy to visit.
I had the privilege of being with them for Easter Sunrise service and to speak with many of these young warriors.
Easter Sunrise Service with the troops.
Having breakfast and visiting with soldiers from
the Big Red One deployed in Iraq.
U.S. Rep. Eric Swalwell, General Funk, and myself pause by Fort Riley's
'Big Red One' emblem while touring the base.
America and Kansas are rightly proud of the work they are doing supporting the Iraqi security forces and working to keep us all safe.
Duty First.
Now the not-as-good news.
The Iranians are on the Verge of Controlling Post-ISIS Iraq
The evil that is ISIS will ultimately be defeated.
President Obama, however, seems quite content to see this American-led effort benefit the evil that is Irans regime.
Even though
Vice President Biden is dismissive about Irans growing influence in Iraq , Iranian leaders understand that the defeat of ISIS will lead to a vacuum they intend to fill.
Iran is a terrorist regime that has been killing Americans for over 35 years and yet they continue to get a green light from the Obama Administration to continue their reign of terror.
As they extend their power grab throughout the Middle East, Iranian influence and territory continues to expand.
Leaders across the Middle East are all very nervous that they and their people will be the next victims of the Ayatollahs, even going so far as preparing to develop their own nuclear programs in order to defend their countries.
I heard no leader in the Middle East demand huge U.S. troop commitments.
Their request is for training and assistance so that they can take on this evil and defeat it
root and branch
to keep themselves and their citizens free from Iranian control.
Taliban 5 are Set to be Released
While in Qatar, I had the opportunity to drive past where the Taliban 5 are currently holed up.
You will remember that President Obama exchanged these five hardened terrorists for Sergeant Bergdahl in a reckless attempt to close Guantanamo Bay.
These terrorists are on the verge of being released on June 1.
Most of them will be back on the battlefield in short order.
This was not a deal that made sense.
Americans are at much increased risk because these five terrorists
who America once held
will be free to kill again because our President seeks to follow through on his dangerous promise to close GTMO.
Al Qaeda is NOT on the Run
My trip confirmed that Al Qaeda and its Islamist partners are growing in strength.
Whether in Yemen
where the President says his policies are working
or Iraq, Syria and Libya, it is plain that the space needed to plot against the West is now increased.
A coherent strategy to defeat Al Qaeda has not been presented and that makes us all less safe.
Sometimes, the Middle East seems a long way away for us in Kansas.
But the Islamic extremism I was briefed on during my trip will not be content to stay away from our homeland.
We have deeply committed men and women in our intelligence organizations and our military.
We all need to provide them the tools to take on the tasks that will prevent an attack on America.
There is much at stake and I am committed to helping these warriors in every way possible.
Sincerely,
Mike Pompeo
Member of Congress
Connect With Mike
NOTE: Please
DO NOT
respond to this email as this
inbox is unattended . To contact my office please
click here
WASHINGTON, DC OFFICE
436 Cannon HOB
Washington, DC 20515
Phone:
(202) 225-6216
Fax:
(202) 225-3489
WICHITA, KS OFFICE
7701 E. Kellogg, Suite 510
Wichita, KS 67207
Phone:
(316) 262-8992
Fax:
(316) 262-5309
UPDATE SUBSCRIPTION OPTIONS
|
PRIVACY POLICY
|
CONTACT US
Click Here Click Here