
Official Site
Constituent Services
News
Contact
U.S. Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell&rsquo;s eNewsletter - - Week of April 20, 2015
Senate Passes Anti-Slavery Legislation
On Wednesday, the U.S. Senate voted on and passed the
Justice for Victims of Trafficking Act , which would aid victims of human trafficking and enhance law-enforcement tools to protect victims and to combat these crimes.
Senator McConnell welcomed the Senate passage of the bill saying, &ldquo;the
Justice for Victims of Trafficking Act
is an important next step in helping the thousands of Americans, enslaved and hopeless, who suffer unspeakable abuse in the shadows...I appreciate Senate Democrats&rsquo; decision to end a weeks-long filibuster of this anti-slavery bill&hellip;The result is passage of yet another bipartisan bill from the Senate -- one that will provide critical help for those who need it most.&rdquo;
Click the image below to view the Senator&rsquo;s floor remarks.
Senator McConnell Promises &lsquo;Vigorous Debate&rsquo; on Interim Iran Nuke Agreement
Earlier this month, Senator McConnell said the administration needs to explain to the Congress and the American people why an interim agreement should result in reduced pressure on the world's leading state sponsor of terror. This week the Senate Foreign Relations Committee unanimously approved the bipartisan
Iran Nuclear Agreement Review Act , which would ensure the American people are given a voice on one of the most important issues of our time.
On Thursday, Senator McConnell spoke on the Senate Floor regarding the bipartisan legislation saying, &ldquo;preventing the world&rsquo;s foremost state sponsor of terrorism from gaining access to nuclear weapons should be the goal of every Senator and every American, regardless of party. It&rsquo;s not a partisan issue. It&rsquo;s one of the greatest challenges to regional stability, and the stakes are high&hellip;Passing this bipartisan bill would give Congress and the American people important tools to assess any agreement reached by the administration before congressional sanctions can be lifted.&rdquo;
Click the image below to view the Senator&rsquo;s floor remarks.
Senator McConnell: EPA Climate Rule A Disaster Worth Fighting Against
&lsquo;I will continue to wage this battle against the EPA on behalf of my constituents, and it&rsquo;s a fight I intend to win&rsquo;
This week, Senator McConnell penned a response to
a recent editorial by the Lexington
Herald-Leader
that attacked Senator McConnell&rsquo;s support for Kentucky coal miners and their families.
Senator McConnell wrote, &ldquo;The Lexington
Herald-Leader&rsquo; s recent attempt to equate those who work in the Kentucky coal fields &ndash; along with those of us who support and defend their way of life &ndash; with the Southern plantation owners who once enriched themselves off the backs of slaves is a depressing new low.
&ldquo;It&rsquo;s no secret that liberal progressives have a hard time moderating their passions or prioritizing outrage. But drawing a moral equivalence between America&rsquo;s original sin of slavery and the fight for Kentucky coal reveals a profound lack of moral seriousness &ndash; not to mention a troubling indifference to an industry that keeps this commonwealth and this country running.&rdquo;
Senator McConnell continues, &ldquo;However you look at it, the EPA&rsquo;s new climate rule is a disaster, and I won&rsquo;t stand idly by while the administration tries to ram it past my constituents in an illegal or unconstitutional manner. Nor will I stand idly by without defending Kentuckians from lost jobs and higher energy bills. No one can predict the verdicts of history, but here&rsquo;s one thing you can be sure of: I will continue to wage this battle against the EPA on behalf of my constituents, and it&rsquo;s a fight I intend to win.&rdquo;
Click the image below to read the Senator&rsquo;s full response.
Senator McConnell Praised by Kentucky Newspapers
On Sunday,
The Paducah Sun
editorialized &ldquo;McConnell Keeps Word in EPA Battle Over Coal.&rdquo; They wrote, &ldquo;McConnell said he would take the fight to the Obama administration in its war on coal, which has already cost thousands of jobs in Kentucky. McConnell has done that, and predictably it has won him no friends in the green lobby or among their friends in the liberal media.&rdquo;
The Paducah Sun
continues, &ldquo;McConnell's critics may not like it, but we think most people admire politicians who do what they said they would do once they get elected&hellip;In the end, the man's just doing his job, and we suspect the majority that voted for him appreciates it.&rdquo;
Read the full editorial below:
On Wednesday, the
Bowling Green Daily News
printed their editorial, &ldquo;McConnell Keeps His Promises,&rdquo; writing that Senator McConnell &ldquo;will be judged as being on the right side of history in his battle to protect coal&hellip;We appreciate Sen. McConnell for keeping his campaign promise and standing up against Mr. Obama&rsquo;s &lsquo;war on coal,&rsquo; which has been a disaster for coal workers in our state and others.&rdquo;
Click the image below to read the full editorial.
In the Media
Throughout the week numerous national media outlets reported on the New Congress and how under Senator McConnell&rsquo;s leadership, the Senate is getting back to work:
USA Today:
Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell&hellip;pledged to refocus the legislative process around "regular order," the process by which legislation is intended to move through Congress. That means a process driven by committees and with more open debate, particularly in the Senate&hellip;Specifically, he wants to see a thriving committee process.
The Washington Post:
Yes, it is true that McConnell has opened up the amendment process in the Senate, allowing more voices to be heard and members -- Republicans and Democrats -- to feel as though they are a bigger part of the process.
National Journal
Columnist, Charlie Cook:
Majority Leader Mitch McConnell's move to open up the amendment process in the Senate has helped get things moving.
U.S. News &amp; World Report:
&hellip;another measure of significant improvement in the amendments process, in which Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell, R-Ky., has kept a promise to return to the regular process of passing bills through committee and in which debate is held on the floor ahead of votes.
Also this week, Senator McConnell and GOP Senators hosted a media stakeout in the U.S. Capitol.
In case you missed it,
TIME
Magazine unveiled their annual issue of the &ldquo;100 Most Influential People in the World.&rdquo; Senator McConnell was named one of
TIME &rsquo;s 100 for his leadership.
Click the image below to read the piece from
TIME .
Welcoming Kentuckians to Washington, D.C.
This week, Senator McConnell welcomed to his office in the U.S. Capitol Ray Weis and Jan Kempf of Dismas Charities in Louisville, Kentucky.
Senator McConnell also enjoyed visiting with students from St. Mary of the Woods Catholic School in Whitesville, Kentucky.
On Wednesday, Senator McConnell met with Kentuckians from Henderson, Madisonville, and Hopkinsville with the Kentucky Network for Development, Leadership and Engagement.
Photo credit
If you&rsquo;re planning a trip to Washington, D.C., please check out Senator McConnell's
website
and visit his office while you are in town. Every week, Senator McConnell welcomes to his office in the U.S. Capitol many Kentuckians from across the Commonwealth visiting D.C. to meet with Senator McConnell and discuss issues of importance to Kentucky. Also, the Senator&rsquo;s office has information on tours, places to visit and local restaurants to help make your trip to the nation&rsquo;s capital one to remember.
Keeping Up With Senator McConnell
Keep up with the latest news and alerts from our nation&rsquo;s capital as well as updates on things happening in Kentucky by becoming a fan of Senator McConnell&rsquo;s
Facebook
page, and get the latest news from Senator McConnell&rsquo;s Press Office on Twitter at
@McConnellPress
and on Instagram at
@McConnellPress .
For a more behind-the-scenes view of the Senate Majority Leader's office, be sure to follow
@SenateMajLdr
on Twitter and
@SenateMajLdr
on Instagram.
Get this newsletter delivered to your inbox by signing up
HERE
Official Site
|
Privacy Policy
|
Unsubscribe
