
If you are having trouble viewing this
message or would like to share it on a social network, you can
view the message online .
April 10, 2015
Unsubscribe
Update My Profile
Website
|
Meet Rodney
|
11th
District
Services
|
Newsroom
|
Contact
Rodney
Listening Tour Continues Across
11th Congressional District
On Iran
Deal, Americans Want Congressional
Review
Obama and the Inevitable Critics of the Iran
Deal
Free File Your Tax
Return!
Another Reminder: Deadline Near for Congressional Art
Competition
Salute: James and Dorothy Greengrove
for their service to Nutley
Salute:
Remembering the life and service of retired Morris County Freeholder Jack
Schrier
Listening Tour Continues Across 11 th
Congressional
District
It was another busy week for me as my Listening Tour
continued all across my Congressional District.
I visited local
colleges (two of them), a middle school and elementary schools (two of
them), met with business leaders at companies large and small (three of
them), delivered a speech at the National Defense Industry
Association Summit in Parsippany, visited with members of the Morris County
Police Chiefs Association and discussed important issues with
constituents at local diners and in my Congressional office.
In
all these venues, peoples concerns are remarkably
consistent.
They do not believe that an economic recovery has taken
firm hold in Morris, Essex, Passaic and Sussex counties and they worry
about family members, friends and neighbors who have largely given up
hope that they will ever find permanent new employment.
In fact,
many feel the unemployment is actually double the official figure of
6.4 percent.
Many of my constituents have had bad experiences
or outcomes they attribute to ObamaCare: premiums have gone up,
longtime doctors have been lost, and their deductibles are rising.
Some report that their work hours have been cut by their employers due
to the President's healthcare law.
Please let me know your
experiences!
Its clear that now
more than ever
Americans
need solutions to help create jobs, build a healthy economy, and lead to
greater economic freedom and opportunity. Congress needs to get to
work on solutions that help everyone get ahead and achieve a better life,
not higher taxes or more government regulation and red-tape.
Increasingly, however, conversations with my
constituents turn to our countrys security and how events overseas could spill
across our borders.
Frankly, the Constitution requires Congress
to provide for the common defence.
It remains to be seen if
the Obama Administration will work with us to secure our borders, root
out radical Islamic terrorists and fight the bad guys over there
so we do not have to fight them over here.
On Iran
Deal, Americans Want Congressional Review
By a
wide margin, Americans want Congress to have final authority on any
final nuclear deal struck between the White House and Iran.
62
percent of those surveyed want Congress to have the last word on the
Presidents pact with Irans leaders.
After the President last
week released the framework of an agreement, he urged Congress to
support the deal, threatening to veto any attempt by Congress to weigh in.
Given the Presidents reluctance to seek Congressional approval, it
is no wonder Americans want Congress to review this deal. These are a
few of the headlines from the last
week:
Washington Post :
Obamas Iran deal falls far
short of his own goals
The administration will have much
other work to do: It must convince Mideast allies that Iran is not
being empowered to become the regions hegemon; and it must accommodate
Congresss legitimate prerogative to review the accord. We hope Mr.
Obama will make as much effort to engage in good faith with skeptical
allies and domestic critics as he has with the Iranian
regime.
Associated Press :
Analysis:
Iran deal leaves major questions unresolved
The
limits are vague on Irans research and development of advanced technology
that could be used for producing nuclear weapons. Inspectors still
might not be able to enter Iranian military sites where nuclear work
previously took place. The Americans and Iranians already are bickering
over how fast economic sanctions on Iran would be relaxed. And Obamas
assertion that the penalties could always be snapped back into force is
undermined by the U.S. fact sheet describing a dispute resolution
process enshrined in the
agreement.
Bloomberg View :
Obama Undermines His Own Case for the
Iran Deal
All of this presents a major problem for
Obama and his team as they try to sell their deal to a skeptical
Congress. If Obama doesnt think the sanctions that have cut off Irans banks
from the international finance system and blocked the Tehran
government from legally selling its oil will halt the regimes nuclear
program, why does he think snapping them back would deter Iran from
cheating?
And then theres the piece by Bret Stephens this
week
Obama and the Inevitable Critics of the Iran
Deal
Bret Stephens wrote a powerful column in the
Wall Street Journal
this week which
highlights the folly of lifting sanctions on Iran, among other key aspects of
the Iran nuclear agreement.
Read it
here:
Free File Your Tax
Return!
With the April 15 deadline looming, this will be a busy weekend for
Americans who have delayed filling out their 2014 federal tax
returns.
Did you know that you can take advantage of free tax
services available through the Free File program?
Taxpayers
with a 2014 Adjusted Gross Income of $60,000 or less may visit
www.IRS.gov/freefile
to prepare, complete and
e-file their federal tax returns at no cost. Free File also provides basic
online e-filing services, called Free File Fillable Forms, to all
taxpayers regardless of income.
Since its inception in 2003,
the program has offered 70 percent of taxpayers free access to leading
commercial tax preparation software.
Free File has reportedly
saved taxpayers more than $1 billion since its
inception.
Another Reminder: Deadline Approaching for Congressional Art
Competition
Another deadline is quickly approaching for
high school students.
The deadline for art
submissions to our 11th Congressional District is April 17. Works of art must
be received at my Morristown office, 30 Schuyler Place, by 5
pm.
We are planning a reception honoring the contestants at The
Morris Museum, April 27, 2015 (5:30pm-7:30pm).
Please contact my
Morristown office at 973-984-0711 should you have any
questions.
Salute:
James and Dorothy Greengrove
for their service to Nutley
This year's Dr.
Virginius D. Mattia Distinguished Community Service Award recipients will be
James and Dorothy Greengrove .
The Greengroves
will follow a long line of the award's diverse honorees, who have
contributed to making Nutley a good place to live.
Read more
about their service to Nutley
here:
Salute:
Remembering the life and service of
retired Morris County Freeholder Jack
Schrier
Remembering the life and service
of retired Morris County Freeholder
Jack Schrier
who passed away in late March. Jack was a
wonderful freeholder for many years, assuring that Morris County had the
finest park system in the state, the most effective human services and
that all county programs and services were delivered within budget and
with compassion.
Read more about his life and legacy in William
Westhovens
Daily Record
article
here:
Contact Information
WASHINGTON,
D.C.
2306 Rayburn House Office Building
Washington, DC
20515-3011
(202) 225-5034
NEW JERSEY
30 Schuyler Place,
Second Floor
Morristown, NJ 07960
(973) 984-0711
Update My
Profile
-
Unsubscribe
-
Privacy
Policy
