DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.0 Transitional//EN" "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml1/DTD/xhtml1-transitional.dtd"
If you are having trouble reading this email,
please view the web version .
Medicare Deadline Passes without Senate Action
It wasnt an April Fools Day joke, the U.S. Senate really did let a critical Medicare deadline slip on Wednesday. As of April 1, the Centers for Medicare and Medicaid Services (CMS) is required to cut reimbursements to doctors working in Medicare by 21 percent. The House acted last week to pass legislation permanently removing the Sustainable Growth Rate cuts and replacing them with a new policy and entitlement reforms. Unfortunately, the Senate left for their Easter recess without considering the House bill. CMS can hold payments for a limited amount of time, but the Senate cannot wait long. As it stands now, they will not return to work until April 13. I hope that there will be no more delays to fixing a problem that has been hanging around for too long already.
Pipeline Company Submits Proposed Route
The company looking to construct a new pipeline through parts of Lancaster County, Williams Partners, submitted their proposal to the Federal Energy Regulatory Commission this week. Now that Williams Partners has filed with FERC, constituents who may be affected by the construction have a number of ways to make their concerns known. I will work with any constituent who wants to know the best way to voice objections to the filed plan. The filing of a proposal is an early step in a process that will take place over at least the next 12 months. FERC can make changes to the route or even put a stop to the project. There is still a long way to go before FERC makes a decision.
House Committee Asks Former Secretary Clinton to Appear
The special House committee investigating the murder of our Ambassador to Libya and other security personnel has asked former Secretary of State Clinton to appear for an interview before May 1. Committee Chairman Trey Gowdy (R-SC) has asked for the appearance after Clinton refused to turn over her private e-mail server and claimed that all her personal correspondence had been deleted.
Clinton has not responded to the request. Compelling testimony or submission of the server could require action on the House floor in the coming weeks.
House Will Consider Highway Funding Bill
This week, the Obama administration sent a nearly half a trillion-dollar proposal for a transportation funding to Congress. The current bill to fund roads, bridges, and transit will expire this summer and work has already begun on a new five-year authorization. Next week, Ill be joining House Transportation Committee Chairman Bill Shuster (R-PA) on his tour of Pennsylvania looking at some of our infrastructure that is in need of repair and upgrade. Transportation is critical to our local and national economy and I hope we can get a good bill that provides the resources we need.
Op-ed of the Week: A More Responsible Budget
It has often been said, and rightly, that a budget is a moral document, a statement of priorities. It is a presentation of a vision. When Congress passes a budget resolution, it sets caps and goals for the appropriations process that follows over the next few months. Nonexistent goals are never achieved: having a budget, whether for a household, or for the largest government in history, is an important part of planning and sets important limits.
READ MORE
Facebook
Podcast
Tell Joe Your Opinion
Issues
The 16th District
Ask Joe For Help
The Government
Legislation
Press
About Joe Pitts
Photo Gallery
Please feel free to
forward this email to your friends and family .
Recent Videos
Opening Statement on ISIS Human Rights Abuses
Rep. Pitts opens a Human Rights Commission hearing on the abuses of the Islamic State.
A Permanent Replacement to the Sustainable Growth Rate
Rep. Pitts leads debate on the bill to permanently replace the flawed Medicare Sustainable Growth Rate.
Washington, D.C. Office
420 Cannon House Office Building
Washington, DC 20515
(1st Street and Independence Avenue)
202-225-2411
202-225-2013 (fax)
Chester County Office
Post Office Box 837
Unionville, PA 19375
(Routes 82 and 926)
610-444-4581
610-444-5750 (fax)
Lancaster Office
150 North Queen Street
Suite 716 (7th floor)
Lancaster, PA 17603
717-393-0667
717-393-0924 (fax)
Click Here Click Here