
I know it&rsquo;s April Fool&rsquo;s Day, but the strength and commitment of the Democratic base is no joke. We&rsquo;ve called on you a lot in the past few weeks, and you came through.
David -- I know it&rsquo;s April Fool&rsquo;s Day, but the strength and commitment of the Democratic base is no joke. We&rsquo;ve called on you a lot in the past few weeks, and you came through.
Thanks to you, Democrats are going to stay competitive. We&rsquo;re going to recruit some great candidates and kick off our Back to Blue project to get them into office. By going into swing states and making the case for strong progressive policies, we&rsquo;ll turn the Senate blue again.
And we&rsquo;re going to continue fighting for our shared agenda:
An economy that works for everyone. Keeping Medicare and Social Security strong. Equal rights for all.
Speaking of which, I could use your help today with that last bit.
Republicans in Indiana and other states are passing laws that could allow businesses to discriminate against LGBT individuals -- or whoever else they want.
This is unacceptable -- and we as Democrats must stand against it.
Will you add your name to denounce discriminatory laws like Indiana&rsquo;s and support equal rights?
Frankly, this is a perfect reminder of why our work to elect Democrats is so important. So let&rsquo;s recommit ourselves to moving our country into the future -- not back into the past.
Thank you again for everything you do,
Tom Lopach
DSCC Executive Director
Democratic Senatorial Campaign Committee
P.O. Box 96047
Washington, DC 20090
Paid for by the Democratic Senatorial Campaign Committee, dscc.org,
and not authorized by any candidate or candidate&#39;s committee.
The DSCC is the only organization solely dedicated to supporting Democrats in the U.S. Senate. This message was sent to dj724530@gmail.com because you are a part of the DSCC&rsquo;s grassroots network. Please add us to your address book or approved senders list to make sure you keep receiving DSCC updates.
Emails are a critical way for us to stay in touch with our grassroots supporters. 99% of the DSCC&rsquo;s contributions come from grassroots donors giving less than $200. We also strive to keep you updated on issues related to the Democratic Party&rsquo;s values.
If you&rsquo;d like to stop receiving emails related to this campaign, please
click here .
If you&#39;d like to make a contribution to support us, please
click here . We are already beginning to prepare for the fight ahead &ndash; reclaiming the majority in 2016. It will take every single grassroots supporter, but we know it&rsquo;s possible with your help. If you&rsquo;d like to stop receiving all emails from the DSCC, please
unsubscribe . We greatly appreciate your continued support.
Contributions or gifts to the DSCC are not tax deductible.
