
Offshore Energy Fact Finding Mission
This week I participated in a Fact Finding Mission regarding offshore energy production.
In addition to several other meetings and roundtables, I along with House Majority Whip Steve Scalise (LA-01) and a number of other Members of Congresss visited the Hess Corporations Tubular Bells deepwater oil and gas field off the coast of Louisiana. The work done on Tubular Bells is impressive and they are forecasted to deliver an average net production of between 30,000 and 35,000 barrels of oil per day from four producing wells this year.
This educational trip was important and timely as the Obama administration is proposing to open the coast of Georgia
and much of the Atlantic - for similar energy exploration. Increasing domestic energy production in a safe and environmentally sound manner is a top priority of mine and offshore energy provides an opportunity for job creation and economic incentives in Georgia while strengthening our national security by reducing our dependence on foreign sources of energy from often hostile nations. It is estimated that oil and gas development in the Atlantic could create more than 5,000 jobs in Georgia and raise over $700 million for the state budget by 2035 with revenue sharing in place.
This trip gave me the opportunity to see first-hand what is involved in producing American energy offshore and provided me with a deeper understating of the technology and skill involved in the process which will be beneficial as plans move forward to open the waters off the Atlantic. I am grateful for the opportunity and I look forward to continued discussions regarding the waters off Georgia to increase energy production while ensuring safety and protection of our beautiful coast.
To view or download photos from my trip, please click
here .
From our Nation's capitol XIV
Tuesday, April 7, 2015:
Im in Atlanta today as I have been invited to speak at the National Prescription Drug Abuse Summit.
This fourth annual event brings together professionals from state, local and federal agencies and advocates impacted by prescription drug abuse.
Organized by Operation Unite, a group created in 2003 in Kentucky by Congressman Hal Rogers (R-KY), the summit has grown into the largest national collaboration of professionals involved in addressing the prescription drug abuse epidemic.
Although I wont be speaking until tomorrow morning, I am glad to be here today as I have a chance to meet with Dr. Nora Volkow, the director of the National Institute on Drug Abuse at the National Institutes of Health and later to hear remarks from, and participate in a press conference with, Secretary of Health and Human Services Sylvia Matthews Burwell and Food and Drug Administration Commissioner Dr. Stephen Ostroff. I also have the opportunity to meet with former Congressman Patrick Kennedy whose leadership and work in mental health policy includes the area of drug abuse. Later, I take advantage of being in Atlanta to meet with representatives of the American Israel Public Affairs Committee (AIPAC) to discuss Middle East issues including the proposed nuclear arms agreement with Iran and the need for steadfast support of Israel.
Afterwards, I have the opportunity to visit the Marcus Autism Center, one of the leading autism research centers in the U.S. that provides cares for over 5,000 children per year.
While the phenomenal work that is being done here to combat this childhood disease is encouraging, it also reminds me of the great need for early intervention and more research.
Later, I visit Childrens Healthcare of Atlantas Egleston Hospital where I am able to witness the outstanding care being given to some of the sickest children in our region.
While the technology and facilities at both Marcus Autism Center and Childrens Healthcare are among the best anywhere, the true inspiration of both is the dedicated, enthusiastic personnel providing care there.
They work miracles every day and help patients and families through some of the toughest of times.
Wednesday, April 8, 2015:
Im back at the National Prescription Drug Abuse Summit this morning where we begin by hearing from Dr. Volkow and Dr. Tom Frieden, the director of the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention.
Afterwards, I have the opportunity to address the summit attendees as well as participate in a forum with six other Members of Congress.
As the only pharmacist in Congress, I bring a unique perspective to the forum.
Not only can I speak of the problem from a healthcare professionals perspective but I can also speak from a legislators perspective.
After the summit, I head to the airport to travel to New Orleans to join Majority Whip Steve Scalise, (R-LA) and other members of Congress for a fact finding mission about offshore energy
where we will visit the Tubular Bells Spar, a deepwater floating production facility owned by Hess and located 135 miles southeast of New Orleans.
Thursday, April 9, 2015:
We start out today with a safety briefing before boarding our helicopter to make the one hour trip out to the Tubular Bells Spar.
The Tubular Bells field is located in what is known as the Mississippi Cannon block 724 in a water depth of almost 4,300 feet.
The field is currently producing around 35,000 barrels of oil per day from three wells and could hold as much as 120 million barrels.
This spar (or rig as most people refer to it as) is the actual floating production system and, unlike any before it, was built entirely in the United States.
This three-level topside structure has living quarters that accommodates up to 50 persons and its construction in Louisiana and Texas employed about 7,000 workers while being built.
After landing on the helicopter pad of the spar, we are ushered down to a meeting room where we have a safety briefing.
As one might imagine, safety is of the upmost importance to the operators of this facility.
After the briefing we change into our safety gear, including hard hats, safety glasses, overalls, steel toed shoes, ear plugs and gloves.
We spend the next three hours touring the spar, climbing up and down seven sets of steel stairs high above 4,300 feet deep crystal blue water.
This engineering marvel is amazing in the work that it can perform, pulling up oil and gas 24,000 feet below the ocean floor that is 4,300 feet deep, separating it along with the seawater, and pumping it back to shore to a refinery.
One interesting process that we observed is referred to as the shrimp test.
Before the seawater is returned back, samples are taken out and placed in an aquarium where shrimp are added.
If the shrimp survives for three days, the seawater is deemed safe and is returned to the ocean.
The safety equipment on the spar as well as the safety practiced by the workers is very impressive and, in most cases, exceeds requirements.
After discarding our safety gear and meeting with crew members to hear of their experiences aboard the spar, we board the helicopter for the flight to Port Fourchon located in Golden Meadow, LA.
Port Fouchon is equipped to service the offshore oil, commercial fishing, seafood, shipping, tourism, and recreation industries.
This facility is a great example of industry and the environment interacting and both prospering.
After a tour of the Port we meet for a roundtable discussion with local company representatives and employees including shrimpers and other seafood workers to discuss issues of importance.
Friday, April 10, 2015:
We end our tour today with a press conference at the airport and while the trip was beneficial to all of the nine Members of Congress who participated, it was perhaps most beneficial to me and my colleague from Virginia, Rep. Barbara Comstock, (R-VA) as our coasts have been opened for oil exploration.
I am impressed by the safety measures taken by the industry as well as how the industry and environment co-exist.
While the economic benefits are obvious with the jobs generated, the financial benefits to the state and nation and the energy independence that it gives our country, my main concerns remain with the environmental impact.
While my love for our environment remains as great as ever, after this trip, I am convinced that the industry and environment can coexist.
WEBSITE
|
UNSUBSCRIBE
|
CONTACT
Click Here Click Here