
If you are having trouble viewing this message
or would like to share it on a social network, you can
view the message online .
Website
News Center
Constituent Services
Issues
About the District
About Me
Contact
Us
May 01, 2015
Rep. Lipinski Introduces Bill to Give Congress Expanded
Power
to Cancel Trade Agreements Hurting American
Workers
Congressman Dan Lipinski (IL-3) has introduced the
Truth, Transparency, Accountability, and Fairness in
Trade Act
to protect American workers being harmed by
foreign trade agreements.
Lipinskis bill requires the Executive
Branch to review and report on the operation of existing trade
agreements to determine whether American jobs and exports are being negatively
impacted.
If negative impact is found, any Member of Congress
would have the right to submit a termination bill, which would have
expedited consideration and allow for the cancellation of some or all
of the trade agreement causing damage.
After passage of a
termination bill, any renegotiated agreement would be barred from being
considered under Trade Promotion Authority (the fast-track
process).
"Whenever the U.S. negotiates a new
foreign trade agreement, the American people are promised greater job
creation and increased exports, but the reality usually winds up being
the opposite," said Rep. Lipinski.
"Since NAFTA was signed,
Illinois alone has lost close to 300,000 manufacturing jobs.
These
were quality jobs with high wages and good benefits that supported
middle class families.
The Truth, Transparency, Accountability, and
Fairness in Trade Act gives Congress a new way to protect American
workers from the broken promises of bad trade
deals."
To read a
summary of the bill, click
here .
Lipinski Leads Bipartisan Group
Working
to Protect American Carriers from Illicit Foreign
Government
Subsidies to State-Owned Airlines
Reps. Dan Lipinski
(D-IL) and Bob Dold (R-IL) are leading a bipartisan group of 262
members of Congress in an effort to stop unfair government subsidies to
state-owned airlines in Qatar and the United Arab Emirates (UAE).
These actions artificially boost these carriers at the expense of
American airlines, leading to significant job losses in the United
States.
In a letter to Secretary of State John Kerry and Transportation
Secretary Anthony Foxx, the representatives are urging formal
consultations with the governments of Qatar and the United Arab Emirates (UAE)
regarding the use of subsidies and other unfair practices to distort
the market in favor of their state-owned airlines, contrary to the Open
Skies policy.
"We have learned
that over the past decade the governments of Qatar and the UAE have
granted over $40 billion in concealed subsidies and other unfair benefits
to their state-owned carriers," said Rep. Lipinski and his colleagues
in a
letter .
"The
subsidies, as defined by the World Trade Organization and U.S. trade
law, have taken a wide variety of forms, such as direct cash
injections, interest-free loans with no repayment obligations, shareholder
advances, significant related party transactions not at arms-length, and
subsidized infrastructure, as well as other unfair business practices,
such as bans on
unions."
To read the letter, click
here .
Lawmakers
Introduce Legislation to Fix FAA's Flawed
Hiring Procedure for
Air Traffic Controllers
U.S. Representatives Dan Lipinski
(IL-3), Randy Hultgren (IL-14), and Cheri Bustos (IL-17) are part of a
bipartisan group of lawmakers that have introduced a bill to reverse
the effects of the Federal Aviation Administration's (FAA) interim
hiring procedures which have raised serious concerns that the best
candidates for air traffic control positions would be passed
over.
For decades, the FAA has relied on colleges and universities to
prepare air traffic controllers through the Collegiate Training Initiative
(CTI), ensuring candidates are well-trained for the position.
Recently, the FAA changed its hiring practices with few details given
about how the changes would be implemented and with little advance
warning.
The new procedures have resulted in students who have spent
large amounts of time and money training to be air traffic controllers
unjustly disqualified by the opaque Biographical Questionnaire (Bio
Q).
In addition, many have aged out after turning 31 during the
application process, thus becoming ineligible for the job for which
they were specifically trained.
"Lewis
University in Romeoville has one of the premier CTI programs in the
nation," said Rep. Lipinski. "For years its graduates, along with our
military controllers, have gone on to proudly work for the FAA.
Now, with these hastily implemented hiring procedures, I am concerned
that the FAA is turning its back on the students and brave veterans that
should be the backbone of our air traffic control system, in favor of
a process that lacks
transparency."
For more about the bill,
click
here .
Rep. Lipinski Receives Roadway Safety Champion
Award
The
American Traffic Safety Services Association (ATSSA) has awarded
Congressman Dan Lipinski (IL-3) its prestigious Roadway Safety Champion
Award.
Lipinski, who has been a strong voice for transportation
safety in Congress, has worked to ensure that the Highway Safety
Improvement Program (HSIP) remains a key component of the next surface
transportation authorization.
He understands the impact that the roadway
safety industry has on significantly reducing fatalities.
By
advocating for a strong, fully-funded HSIP, Lipinski has not only shown
leadership, but also has directly saved American lives and reduced
serious injuries.
"It is an
honor to receive this award from ATSSA," stated Rep. Lipinski as he
received the award. "As a leader locally and nationally on transportation
issues, I understand the need to continually work to make our
transportation network safer.
Over the years, I have brought people
together to solve problems, an unfortunate rarity in Washington today.
When the safety of the American people is at stake, we need problem
solvers, not endless debate and gridlock.
That's why I'm grateful
to ATSSA for its unwavering dedication to finding real solutions to
make our roads safer for
everyone."
Washington, D.C. Office
2346 Rayburn H.O.B.
Washington,
DC 20515
P (202) 225 - 5701 |
P (866) 822 - 5701
F (202)
225 - 1012
Chicago Office
6245 South Archer Avenue
Chicago, IL 60638
P
(312) 886 - 0481
F (773) 767
- 9395
Oak Lawn Office
5309 West 95th Street
Oak Lawn, IL 60453
P (708) 424 - 0853
F (708)
424 - 1855
Lockport Office
Central Square Building
222 E. 9th Street #109
Lockport, IL 60441
P
(815) 838-1990
F (815) 838-1993
Orland Park Office
Orland Park Village
Hall
14700 S. Ravinia Avenue
Orland Park, IL 60462
P
(708) 403-4379
F (708) 403-5963
Unsubscribe
|
Update My Profile
|
Privacy Policy
gateway
mail end 