DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.0 Transitional//EN" "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml1/DTD/xhtml1-transitional.dtd"
Send me an email
|
Forward to a Friend
Friend
Recently, the Director of Immigration &amp; Customs Enforcement (ICE), Sarah Saldana, testified before the House Judiciary Committee on the involvement of illegal immigrants in criminal gang activities.
According to
information
provided by ICE, the agency released 30,558 criminal aliens with a total of 79,059 convictions in Fiscal Year 2014. I questioned Director Saldana about this during the recent hearing. Her response? She is unable to confirm for the American people
how
ICE is determining if the illegal immigrants they are releasing are criminal gang members, or even
whether
the illegal immigrants the Administration is releasing are criminal gang members.
In fact, Director Saldana cannot even confirm that illegal immigrants are asked about criminal gang activity before being released. Watch the full questioning
here , or by clicking the image below.
This has to stop. Thats why I introduced legislation to deport any illegal alien in our nation who is a member of a violent criminal gang. The language in my bill was included in this years updated version of the SAFE Act, now titled The Michael Davis, Jr. In Honor of State and Local Law Enforcement Act ( H.R. 1148 ).
This is a no-brainer -- we shouldnt have to wait for a gang member to commit a crime, or worse, commit a violent crime, and simply be released.
Membership alone in a violent criminal gang must be grounds for deportation and inadmissibility into this country.
Yours in service,
Randy
P.S. This is an issue the Administration has continued to ignore for too long. Last year, I
questioned
DHS Secretary Johnson about the Administrations release of illegal immigrants convicted of violent crimes. His answer to whether those released were gang members? He said he didnt know.
Home
|
Contact
|
Forward to a Friend
|
Unsubscribe
|
Subscribe
|
Privacy
|
Office Locations
Please do not reply to this message. This email address does not accept incoming messages. To send an email,
click here .
Click Here Click Here