
District Update | April 24, 2015
Click here if you have trouble viewing this email
Friends,
The United States Capitol is a source of pride for every American and a symbol of freedom that is recognized around the world.
Yesterday, the Legislative Branch Subcommittee on Appropriations, which I chair, passed the fiscal year 2016 Legislative Branch Appropriations bill.
This bill preserves the beauty and structures of the Capitol grounds, provides essential security for visitors and employees, and ensures that the peoples business is carried out in a fiscally responsible way. Im grateful to all the subcommittee members for working in a thoughtful and bipartisan way to craft a bill that honors and respects taxpayers today and preserves this institution for future generations.
Importantly, the bill holds the line on spending and includes conservative reforms. It provides the same funding as the 2015 level and $172.3 million below the Presidents request. In all,
funding for the House of Representatives has been reduced by 14 percent since Republicans gained control in January 2011.
The legislation also includes a provision to freeze the pay of Members of Congress , preventing any pay increases in fiscal year 2016. A freeze on the salaries of Representatives has been in place since 2010.
Additionally,
the bill effectively eliminates the Open World Leadership Center
an outdated multi-million dollar per year program
by allocating just $1 million for its orderly shutdown.
Protecting Privacy, Fighting Foreign and Criminal Cyber Attacks
Foreign entities and criminals are constantly attacking Americans where they shop, where they work and where they keep personal records. Parents shouldnt have to worry about having their identity stolen because they bought diapers at Target. Sony employees shouldnt have their business records exposed because they exercised free speech. We have to fight back. That's why I voted this week for the Protecting Cyber Networks Act, legislation that would protect personal privacy while fighting foreign and criminal cyber attacks. It enables private-sector companies to voluntarily share information concerning cyber security threats with each other and civilian-run government agencies.
By increasing information sharing, private-sector companies can better protect themselves against attacks and the government can more quickly identify foreign and criminal threats. That said, not only is information sharing completely voluntary, but the bill contains two layers of privacy protection for individuals. This bill protects civil liberties and individual privacy while bolstering our defenses against the constant threat of foreign and criminal cyber attacks.
Boosting Voluntary Efforts to Combat Cyber Attacks
This week, I also voted for the National Cybersecurity Protection Advancement Act. By improving the voluntary flow of information about attacks, law enforcement and businesses can more effectively fight back, and American citizens are better protected.
The key to this bill is its mandatory security measures that protect the privacy and civil liberties of American citizens. Information sharing cannot include personal information, period. The goal is to be sure that Americans are protected at every stage of cyber warfare.
Executive Amnesty is Unconstitutional
This week, I co-sponsored legislation that would declare President Obamas executive amnesty unconstitutional.
President Obama stated 22 times that he didnt have the authority to ignore or create immigration laws. Consistent with these statements, this resolution clarifies for the American people and for the courts that Congress believes President Obamas executive amnesty is unconstitutional.
This resolution comes at a critical time because a federal judge in Texas has issued a temporary injunction to prevent President Obamas executive order from taking effect while 26 states, including Georgia, challenge the constitutionality of the presidents actions. The resolution makes it clear to the courts where Congress stands.
Freedom first,
House Leg Branch Spending Bill Continues Pay Freeze
The House Appropriations Committees draft 2016 legislative branch bill would continue the 2010 pay freeze for lawmakers, while containing few changes to the current-year approach. The bill, the first for new subcommittee chairman Tom Graves of Georgia, will be marked up in subcommittee tomorrow.
Reform Transportation by Empowering States
You see, when conservatives try to stop wasteful spending and cumbersome government programs, its not just about debt and balance sheets. Its about helping people have a better life.
Funding Options for the Nation's Infrastructure
Devolution. The federal government stops funding infrastructure and leaves it up to the states to raise the money needed. Sen. Mike Lee, R-Utah, and Rep. Tom Graves, R-Ga., have proposed slowly reducing the federal gas tax to 3.7 cents per gallon and leaving states to make up the difference. Conservative groups such as Heritage Action back the idea.
Rep. Tom Graves Fiscal Year 2016 Legislative Branch Appropriations Bill Passed by Subcommittee
Rep. Tom Graves Votes to Boost Voluntary Efforts to Combat Cyber Attacks
Rep. Tom Graves Votes to Protect Privacy, Fight Foreign and Criminal Cyber Attacks
Rep. Tom Graves Co-Sponsors Legislation Declaring Obama Amnesty Unconstitutional
DALTON, GA OFFICE
702 South Thornton Ave
Dalton, GA 30720
T (706) 226-5320
F (706) 278-0840
ROME, GA OFFICE
600 E. First Street, Suite 301
Rome, GA 30161
T (706) 290-1776
F (706) 232-7864
WASHINGTON, DC OFFICE
2442 Rayburn House Office Bldg.
Washington, D.C. 20515
T (202) 225-5211
F (202) 225-8271
UPDATE SUBSCRIPTION OPTIONS
|
PRIVACY POLICY
|
CONTACT US
Click Here Click Here