
If you are having trouble viewing this
message or would like to share it on a social network, you can
view the message online .
March 27, 2015
Unsubscribe
Update My Profile
Website
|
Meet Rodney
|
11th
District
Services
|
Newsroom
|
Contact
Rodney
e-News 3/27/15
Balancing the
Budget, Spurring Economic Growth, Defending
America
Helping Ukraine Help
Itself
Conquering the South China Sea
A
Chilly Wind from the Great White North
Not A Happy Birthday,
Obamacare!
Strengthening Medicare
Attention High
School
Artists
Balancing the Budget, Spurring Economic Growth, Defending
America
The House of Representatives this week passed a
pro-growth, balanced budget that is really a blueprint for how to get our
economy back on track while expanding job opportunities for the American
people.
In stark contrast to the Presidents plan of higher
taxes and increased domestic spending, the Houses budget provides and
balances the budget in less than 10 years
without raising taxes
and
cuts spending by $5.5 trillion.
Our plan also calls for
Congress to fix our tax code by making it simpler, flatter, and fairer.
And with additional proposals to cut red tape and boost American
energy, our budget lays the foundation for more robust economic
growth.
This budget also recognizes Congress fundamental
responsibility under our Constitution:
to provide for common
defence.
In the face of major growing terrorist threats,
the budget we passed boosts funding for national
security.
Now is the absolute wrong time to cut our military and
intelligence budgets:
The Russians have invaded Ukraine. ISIS is
spreading. Iran seems to have taken the lead in Iraq and is moving closer
nuclear weapons every day. North Korea is pursuing a submarine-launched
ballistic missile to go with its nuclear weapons program. Our military
just returned from fighting Ebola in Africa and is supporting the fight
against Boko Haram in Africa.
Chinas military budget continues
to spike even as it threatens our friends and allies in Asia. And
President Obamas foreign policy and indecision is a disaster which puts
us at even greater risk.
The Department of Defense has
already absorbed drastic cuts. The Air Force is the smallest it has ever
been in its existence.
The Army is on a path to becoming the
smallest Army since before World War II. And the Navy is the smallest its
been since 1915!
Even if the President refuses to lead,
Congress has a responsibility to protect our homeland and our
people.
Helping Ukraine Help Itself
Fresh
from leading an official Congressional fact-finding mission to
war-torn Ukraine, I, and my fellow travelers, dispatched a letter to
President Obama urging him to provide additional assistance to the Ukrainian
government immediately.
Members of our Congressional
delegation wrote the President, We believe the situation in Ukraine is a
matter of critical importance to the national security of the United
States.
The world is watching with intense interest how our Nation
reacts to the war in Ukraine today.
We are sure you are aware
Mr. President, that Russia is not just acting in its near term best
interest, but is looking many years into the future.
It is important
that we do the same.
Read the entire letter
here .
In addition, the House passed legislation I
co-sponsored, House Resolution 162, which calls on the President to
provide Ukraine with military assistance to defend its sovereignty and
territorial integrity.
The final vote, 348-48, represents strong
bi-partisan support for providing Ukrainians the weapons they need to
defend their own country from Russian aggression.
The President
needs to act!
You can view my floor speech
here .
Conquering the South China
Sea
The U.S. dawdles as China extends its maritime
domination.
China is building military bases on artificial
islands hundreds of miles off its coast, in waters claimed by six other
countries. These new fortresses in the South China Sea raise the risk of
war, yet Washington seems to have no strategy to address
them.
Read the Wall Street Journals piece
here .
A Chilly Wind from the Great White
North
Read a good story from Al Kamin in
the Washington Post
here .
Not a Happy Birthday, Obamacare!
This week
marked the 5th anniversary of Obamacare being signed into law, bringing
to America cancelled plans, higher deductibles, lost doctors, reduced
hours for many workers and more new taxes.
To be
specific, over the last five years, the government has spent $42 billion
in regulatory costs and over $1.5 billion on a failed website. Plan
prices continue to rise, and Medicare Advantage registrants have seen a
$1,300 cut in benefits.
Strengthening
Medicare
Many Americans are worried that Obamacare will force
many of their doctors to end their practices for various reasons.
Older Americans are particularly concerned that their doctors may
leave their practices.
Today, the House took is a significant
step for Americas seniors while making necessary, meaningful
structural reforms to the Medicare program by passing H.R. 2 - the first of
many actions that must be taken in order to ensure our seniors have
access to the best doctors and the highest quality of
care.
Here are 9 things you should know about this important
legislation:
1. H.R. 2 strengthens Medicare and provides stability for
seniors and their doctors.
The legislation moves beyond the
sustainable growth rate (SGR) to a better system that ensures seniors have
access to their doctors and the high-quality care they
deserve.
2. H.R. 2 establishes the first real, structural entitlement
reform in nearly two decades
offsetting all new spending
without
tax increases.
These reforms
increased means-testing and
prohibition of Medigap first-dollar coverage
have long been part of
Republican budgets.
For the first time, however,
Democrats agreed to these reforms without demanding tax hikes
a breakthrough
and a win for American seniors.
3. With these structural
reforms, H.R. 2 reduces the deficit over the long term.
Looking
ahead
20, 30, and 40 years down the road
these reforms will
produce hundreds of billions in durable savings for taxpayers, while the
status quo only provides the illusion of savings.
As an example,
former CBO Director Douglas Holtz-Eakin writes that these reforms
will continue to reap benefits in the years beyond the budget
window, estimating $230 billion in savings in the second decade
alone.
4. With these structural reforms, H.R. 2 drives more
competition into Medicare, bending the cost curve and putting these programs on
a more sound financial footing.
While additional reforms are
necessary, these policies are an essential first-step toward larger
reforms.
5. After 17 short-term patches since 2003, H.R. 2
ends the cycle of cliffs and must-pass doc fix bills that have often
served as vehicles for more spending and new programs.
6. H.R. 2 strengthens Medicares ability to fight fraud, waste,
and abuse by, among other things, removing Social Security numbers
from beneficiaries Medicare cards, preventing Medicare payments for
deceased and ineligible individuals, and removing burdensome reporting
policies for employers.
7. H.R. 2 extends the Childrens
Health Insurance Program (CHIP) and traditional Medicare extenders for
two years, giving House committees time to lay the groundwork for better
reforms under a new President.
8. By extending CHIP,
H.R. 2 keeps more than three million Americans from becoming uninsured or
enrolled in ObamaCare exchanges.
9. H.R. 2 is supported
by leaders of both parties, at least 75 physician groups, and a number
of pro-taxpayer organizations, including Americans for Tax Reform,
American Action Forum, the Galen Institute and the National Taxpayers
Union.
Attention High School
Artists!
Its your time to shine. Our Congressional Art Competition
has kicked off!
I invite all high school-age students from
New Jerseys 11 th
Congressional District, which includes 54
municipalities in Morris, Essex, Passaic and Sussex counties, to
participate.
This is an annual event and I continue to be
amazed by the artistic talent displayed by students of our
district.
I am very excited to view the 2015 submissions!
Each
spring, the Congressional Institute sponsors a nationwide high school
visual art competition to recognize and encourage artistic talent in
the nation and in each congressional district.
Since the Artistic
Discovery competition began in 1982, more than 650,000 high school
students have participated.
The deadline for art submissions
is April 17, 2015 (5:00pm) to my Morristown office: 30 Schuyler Place,
Morristown NJ, 07960.
We are planning a reception
honoring the contestants at the Morris Museum, April 27, 2015
(5:30pm-7:30pm).
Specific guidelines and release forms for students
can be found
here .
Please contact my
Morristown office at 973-984-0711 should you have any
questions.
Contact
Information
WASHINGTON, D.C.
2306 Rayburn House Office
Building
Washington, DC 20515-3011
(202) 225-5034
NEW
JERSEY
30 Schuyler Place, Second Floor
Morristown, NJ
07960
(973) 984-0711
Update My Profile
-
Unsubscribe
-
Privacy Policy
gateway mail end
