
If you are having trouble viewing this E-newsletter,
click here . To unsubscribe from these mailings,
click here .
April 2, 2015
To instantly unsubscribe from these mailings, please click here .
I want to hear from you!
Share your thoughts:
*250 character limit. By clicking submit you are agreeing to receive my email updates.
Having trouble viewing this email? Click here .
Dear Friends,
As we quickly approach the April 15 deadline for filing taxes, I want to share some tips that might help make the process easier for you and your family. The IRS&rsquo;s website provides answers and tools to help you submit your tax information, track your refund, and more.
Have questions about your taxes this year? Here are some of the top tax questions to keep in mind for the 2014 tax season:
How quickly will I get my refund?
The IRS issues most refunds in less than 21 calendar days.
"Where&rsquo;s My Refund?"
is an online tool that allows you to track your refunds. While your tax return is being processed you can follow it through three stages:
Return Received, Refund Approved,
and
Refund Sent .
It's been over 21 days and I haven't received my refund. Why?
Some tax returns take longer to process due to errors, incomplete fields, a need for further review, or a variety of other issues. If the IRS needs more information to process your tax return, they will contact you by mail.
Should I be worried about identity theft?
The IRS is continually looking at ways to increase data security and protect taxpayers' identities. Tax season is a time to be especially vigilant - if you think someone may have filed a tax return using your name,
click here .
What if I haven't received my W-2 form?
Most employers give W-2 Forms to their workers by Jan. 31. If you haven&rsquo;t received yours yet,
contact your employer . If you exhaust your options with your employer,
the IRS can help .
Do I qualify for a free tax return?
You may meet certain criteria that will allow you to qualify for a free tax return.
To find out if you qualify, click
here .
For more information and additional resources, the IRS&rsquo;s updated 2014 Tax Tips can be found
here . The IRS has also released a series of tools, including
Free File , online tax filing software, and a series of
instructional videos
just in time for tax season.
Though filing taxes can be a stressful process, I hope these tips make it more manageable. I am committed to helping you, my valued constituents, deal with the IRS and file taxes correctly. Please do not hesitate to visit my website if you have additional questions or concerns.
Sincerely,
Rosa DeLauro
Bill Search
|
Constituent Services
Washington, DC
2413 Rayburn HOB
Washington, D.C. 20515
Phone: (202) 225-3661
District Office
59 Elm St.
New Haven, CT, 06510
Phone: (203) 562-3718
