
If you are having trouble viewing this message
or would like to share it on a social network, you can
view the message online .
About
Contact
Services
Media
Center
Legislation
Issues
Resources
April 27, 2015
Dear David,
Here is a
brief update on my work on behalf of Ventura County's veterans, local
businesses, and schools, as well as Naval Base Ventura
County.
My number one goal has always been to provide the highest level
of constituent services possible. If you need help with a federal
agency, please do not hesitate to contact my district office.
I
hope that you will reach out to me to express your views about
legislation and issues important to you. It is with your input that I can best
advocate for our community.
It is an honor to serve as your
voice in Congress.
JULIA BROWNLEY
Member of
Congress
Table of
Contents
Brownley Statement On Medicare
Sustainable Growth Rate Permanent Doc Fix And CHIP
Reauthorization
Brownley Travels To
Selma And Calls For Renewal Of Voting Rights
Act
Brownley Announces Over $1 Million
For Early Childhood Education In Ventura County
Brownley Hosts Aviation Roundtable
At Camarillo Airport
Brownley Meets With Oxnard Community-Based Outpatient
Clinic Program Manager And Leadership Team From Greater Los Angeles
Veterans Affairs Healthcare Administration
Brownley Emphasizes Regional Importance Of
Naval Base Ventura County In RDP-21
Meeting
Brownley Reintroduces Innovation,
Research, And Manufacturing Act
Brownley Leads Bipartisan Letter To VA Secretary Bob
McDonald Urging Easing Of 40-Mile Rule Under Veterans Choice
Program
Brownley Speaks
On House Floor About the Veterans Medical Access
Act
Brownley Statement On
Medicare Sustainable Growth Rate Permanent Doc Fix And CHIP
Reauthorization
I am pleased that both the House and the Senate
passed -- and the President signed into law -- a permanent "Doc Fix"
that will ensure that millions of children and tens of thousands of
low-income families have access to healthcare, and that seniors who rely on
Medicare have access to their doctors. I am hopeful the spirit of
bipartisanship that allowed this bill to pass the House and Senate shows
a way forward toward addressing our nation's many challenges. Click
below to read my statement:
Brownley Travels To Selma And
Calls For Renewal Of Voting Rights
Act
Earlier this month, I was humbled and inspired when I visited Selma with my
colleagues to commemorate the 50th anniversary of the march from Selma
to Montgomery. This event is important in U.S. history, being
directly responsible for the passage of the 1965 Voting Rights Act.
Hopefully, the attention called to the issue will encourage Congress to pass a
renewed Voting Rights Act, so that all American citizens can freely
exercise their constitutional right to vote.
Brownley travels to Selma with friends,
colleagues, and civil rights leaders to participate in events
commemorating the 50th anniversary of the march from Selma to Montgomery and
urges a renewal of the Voting Rights
Act.
Brownley
Announces Over $1 Million For Early Childhood Education In Ventura
County
As a strong supporter of Early Head Start
programs, I was pleased to announce that the Child Development Resources
of Ventura County (CDR) will receive a grant for over $1 million from
the Department of Health and Human Services. With these new resources,
CDR will be able to create and expand comprehensive, high-quality
early learning systems to serve families with young children in Ventura
County.
Brownley Hosts Aviation Roundtable At
Camarillo Airport
Recently, I hosted an aviation
roundtable with key stakeholders throughout the region to discuss general
aviation challenges in Ventura County. I would like to thank Todd McNamee,
Director of Airports for Ventura County, for his hospitality and for
helping to bring together this insightful and experienced group of
aviation professionals. As a new member of the House Committee on
Transportation and Infrastructure, I look forward to working with local
stakeholders to improve conditions for economic growth in our
community.
Brownley
hosts an aviation roundtable with key regional stakeholders to
discuss how she is advocating for Ventura County's transportation needs as a
new member of the House Transportation and Infrastructure
Committee.
Brownley Meets With Oxnard Community-Based
Outpatient Clinic Program Manager And Leadership Team From Greater Los
Angeles Veterans Affairs Healthcare
Administration
Last month, I met with new Oxnard Community-Based Outpatient Clinic
(CBOC) Program Manager Mary Hershey and the leadership team from the
VA's Greater Los Angeles Healthcare System. We discussed the many ways
that we can improve healthcare access for veterans throughout Ventura
County.
I was pleased to learn that my request to bring VA
management to the Oxnard CBOC is moving forward, as I believe it will lead
to greater accountability and better customer service for our
veterans.
Congresswoman Brownley meets with new Oxnard CBOC Program Manager Mary
Hershey and the VA's Greater Los Angeles Healthcare System team to discuss
how she is working to expand healthcare access to veterans in the
region.
Brownley Emphasizes Regional Importance Of
Naval Base Ventura County During Meeting
with RDP-21
I was so pleased to meet with Ventura County
Supervisor John Zaragoza, Port Hueneme Councilman John Sharkey,
Camarillo Councilmember Charlotte Craven, Regional Defense Partnership for
the 21st Century (RDP-21) Co-Chairman Gene Fisher and other RDP-21
representatives to discuss how we can continue to work together to
strengthen Naval Base Ventura County.
Brownley discusses the importance of NBVC to our regional
economy and national security with RDP-21
representatives.
Brownley Reintroduces Innovation, Research, And Manufacturing
Act
This month, I reintroduced the Innovation,
Research, and Manufacturing Act. It is critical that Ventura County remains
on the cutting-edge of innovation, and my bill will help businesses,
both big and small, by allowing them to take advantage of R&amp;D tax
credits and make investments in new technologies. I am proud to
represent a community in Congress that is home to innovative businesses, such
as biotech and precision manufacturing, which help make Ventura
County a great place to live and work.
Brownley Leads Bipartisan Letter
To VA Secretary Bob McDonald Urging Easing Of 40-Mile Rule Under
Veterans Choice Program
After I spearheaded efforts to
expand access to the Veterans Choice Program, I was pleased that the VA
made adjustments to the 40-mile rule, which measures the distance a
veteran must live from a VA facility to be eligible for non-VA care.
However, I believe there is still more the VA can do to expand the
Veterans Choice Program so more veterans can access care closer to home.
Our nation's veterans deserve convenient access to the quality medical
care that they have earned. This months VA announcement is a positive
step in the right direction but it is clear that more needs to be
done. Read the full letter by clicking on the image below.
Brownley Speaks On House Floor About Her Bill, the Veterans
Medical Access Act
I recently re-introduced the Veterans
Medical Access Act, which would improve blinded and severely disabled
veterans access to care at VA specialty rehabilitation clinics. The
Blinded Veterans Association estimates that one of four beds at VA
specialty rehab clinics is empty because veterans who are eligible to
receive care cannot afford the cost of transportation. I hope that my
colleagues will join me and support this critical legislation, which
would close the gap and pay for needed travel benefits. Watch my remarks
on the House floor below.
Congresswoman
Brownley speaks on the House floor about her bill, the Veterans Medical
Access Act, and the importance of expanding healthcare access and
rehabilitation services to blinded and severely disabled
veterans.
What should Congress focus
on this year? Continued VA reform Infrastructure Comprehensive immigration reform Federal tax reform Updating No Child Left Behind Raising the minimum
wage Equal pay
legislation Strengthening
Social Security and Medicare Other *By answering this survey, you are subscribing
to my newsletter. If you are having trouble, click
here.
E-mail
Updates
Yes, please periodically send me e-mail
updates.*
*By subscribing to my
e-mail updates, you are authorizing me to send regular e-mail
updates from my office to your e-mail account.
Tell a Friend
E-mail:
Share on Facebook Share on LinkedIn Share on
Twitter
Washington D.C.
Office
1019 Longworth HOB
Washington, DC 20515
Phone:
2022255811
Fax: 2022251100
Hours: Mon.-Fri. 9:00am-6:00pm Eastern
Oxnard, CA
Office
300 E. Esplanade Drive, Suite
470
Oxnard, CA 93036
Phone: 8053791779
Fax:
8053791799
Hours: Mon.-Thurs. 9:00am-5:30pm Pacific
Fri. 9:00am-5:00pm Pacific
Thousand Oaks, CA
Office
223 E. Thousand Oaks
Blvd., Suite 411
Thousand Oaks, CA 91360
Phone Number: 8053791779
Fax: 8053791799
Hours: Mon.-Thurs.
9:00am-5:30pm Pacific
Fri. 9:00am-5:00pm
Pacific
Unsubscribe
|
Update My Profile
|
Privacy Policy
