
Video of the Week:
This week, I spoke on the House floor about the historic step Congress took in passing a bipartisan and bicameral permanent fix to Medicares broken SGR formula.
Click here
or on the photo above to watch my speech.
Weekly Update:
This week I voted on a budget for Fiscal Year 2016 which sets the appropriate budgetary levels for fiscal years 2017-2025. This balanced, pro-growth budget addresses drivers of our debt by cutting $5.5 trillion in spending while prioritizing funding for a strong national defense. As the representative of Fort Bragg, its imperative our military is adequately funded and that they receive the necessary appropriations for troop training, equipment and compensation.
Perhaps most importantly though, this budget does something President Obamas budget has yet to do during his seven years in office it balances. Not only does this budget balance in less than 10 years, but it will do so without raising taxes of hardworking Americans.
Click here
to read my full statement for a summary and specifics of the budget including the provision that fully repeals Obamacare.
Also this week we passed historic bipartisan and bicameral legislation to provide a long overdue permanent fix to Medicares broken SGR formula. This legislative package will provide certainty to seniors and physicians who rely on Medicare. As a member of the House Republican Doctors Caucus and the Energy &amp; Commerce Health Subcommittee, I am proud to have played a role in crafting this repeal and replacement package.
Click here
to read my statement containing more information about this very important bill!
Please don't hesitate to contact my office in Washington, Dunn or Asheboro with any questions about this legislation or any other matter of concern to you. It is an honor and a pleasure to serve the constituents of the Second District.
Demanding Answers from the Air Force on the 440th
As the proud representative of Fort Bragg, I've continued to fight for the 440th Airlift Wing, requesting a meeting with Secretary Deborah James, Major General Miller, and Senators Burr and Tillis to discuss the proposed closure of the 440th. The meeting, held this week, solidified the need for the Air Force to transparently produce their reasons for selecting the 440th Airlift Wing for deactivation. I want to know how they decided that deactivation of this critical component
which will impact the readiness of the XVIII Airborne Corps is fiscally warranted. This meeting does not change the fact that deactivation of the 440th Airlift Wing inserts avoidable risk into military readiness. See my statement about the meeting
here .
Also be sure to read
this article
in
The Fayetteville Observer
and
this one
in
The Raleigh News &amp; Observer
about the meeting I spearheaded with the Air Force to discuss the reasons behind their decision to deactivate the 440th Airlift Wing and my continued efforts to save the 440th.
Obamacare Turns 5 - No Reason for Celebration
This week marked 5 years since Obamacare was signed into law.
Please read my op-ed at
Red Alert Politics
about Obamacare's "employer mandate" that has hit the pockets of middle-class Americans and has -- according to the Federal Reserve Bank-- led one in five companies to reduce employee hours from full-time to part-time statuses in order to avoid penalties and fines. In an effort to correct many of these problems, Congress has rolled out a bicameral legislative blueprint for an affordable, patient-centered replacement to Obamacare.
Exciting News for NC02
This week Campbell University broke ground on the second piece of its health sciences campus
a 70,000-square-foot facility that will house the schools nursing, physical therapy and medical research programs.
"The University will invest $20 million in its new programs and new building. The facility will allow Campbell to educate health science students in a team-like, interprofessional atmosphere. Doctors, nurses, pharmacists, physical therapists, physician assistants and administrators will learn alongside each other, making a difference in future health outcomes for patients and families, according to Nancy Duffy, director of the nursing program."
Members of my staff joined community leaders in Buies Creek for the groundbreaking ceremony (shown below). The Nursing school will be formally named "Catherine W. Wood School of Nursing" and the new health facility will be "the Tracey F. Smith Hall of Nursing &amp; Health Sciences."
#NoNuclearIran
I joined 366 fellow Members of the US House in a letter to President Obama expressing our grave concerns with the unfolding negotiations over Iran's nuclear program. As we said in the letter, the United States has a longstanding interest in preventing Iran from achieving a nuclear weapons capability and resolving this nuclear crisis remains of grave importance to our nation's security.
Click here
to read our full letter on this urgent matter.
WEBSITE
|
UNSUBSCRIBE
|
CONTACT
Click Here Click Here