 Mail
begin
If you are having trouble
viewing this message or would like to share it on a social network,
you can
view the message
online .
HOME
ABOUT ME
ISSUES
SERVICES
CONTACT
April 24, 2015
Americans now live in an online world.
Many interact with friends and family on email or Facebook, bank and
shop online, and store important information on computer
networks.
Unfortunately, we have come to face the ugly reality of criminals
who steal personal information, hack into business and government files
or, worse, leverage online infrastructure vulnerabilities for
terror.
Southwest Missourians know this all too well with recent hacks
into Anthem Blue Cross Blue Shield and Target.
Our ability
to secure the web has been held back even with the great technological
advancement made in the past 10 years.
The House passed this
week two bills directly addressing the need to bolster cybersecurity and
would remove unnecessary hurdles to creating a safe, secure online
environment without infringing on Americans privacy.
The
Protecting Cyber Networks Act
(PCNA) would allow
private companies to share threat information with each other, whereas
private entities are currently prohibited from doing so, and allow
voluntary sharing of threat information with the federal government.
Keeping Americans privacy concerns in mind, neither the National
Security Agency (NSA) nor the Department of Defense would receive the
reports.
Companies would be required to remove all personal data
before sharing intelligence, and federal agencies receiving the reports
would automatically conduct an additional removal of any private
information before investigation.
The
National Cybersecurity Protection Advancement Act
would grant private
companies legal protections to fight threats and share threat
information with the National Cybersecurity and Communications Integration
Center, an integration center within the Department of Homeland Security
working with the federal government, intelligence community, and law
enforcement for cyberattack response and prevention.
Privacy
protections like those in PCNA are included in this bill. The
only
information shared with the federal government is
cyber threat indicators. No personal information would be
shared.
I voted in favor of these strong, bipartisan bills to ensure
businesses have the tools necessary to fend off online threats.
The
House has taken the lead on cybersecurity bills in recent years, but
most died in the Democrat-controlled Senate.
I look forward to the
Senates action on these critical bills and giving Americans a greater
sense of security and peace of mind.
Washington Office
1541 Longworth HOB
Washington, DC
20510
Phone: (202) 225-6536
Fax: (202)
225-5604
Springfield
Office
3232 E. Ridgeview St.
Springfield, MO 65804
Phone: (417) 889-1800
Fax: (417) 889-4915
Joplin Office
2727 E.
32nd St. Ste. 2
Joplin, MO 64804
Phone: (417) 781-1041
Fax: (417) 781-2832
Unsubscribe
|
Update My Profile
|
Privacy Policy
