
APR
17
News from Senator Ayotte's Office
Dear Friends,
I am pleased to let you know that this week, the Senate approved bipartisan legislation to permanently replace the "sustainable growth rate" (SGR) formula used to calculate reimbursements for doctors who treat Medicare patients. For far too long, as a result of this flawed formula lawmakers have scrambled each year to ensure that American seniors continue to receive the medical care that they deserve, and that the doctors who treat those patients are paid for the services they provide.
Since 2002, Congress has passed 17 temporary patches to prevent steep reimbursement cuts for doctors. Without a fix before Wednesday, doctors would have experienced a 21 percent cut in Medicare reimbursement. This legislation helps solve that problem by replacing the current flawed system of payments for Medicare physicians with a value-based system that pays doctors based on quality and accountability. The bill also provides two years of funding for the State Children's Health Insurance Program and New Hampshire's Community Health Centers, allowing them to continue to serve Granite State families in need of quality health care.
The legislation previously passed the House of Representatives overwhelmingly and was signed into law on Thursday.
With many Granite Staters filing their taxes ahead of this week's IRS deadline, I introduced the Taxpayer Bill of Rights, legislation to ensure that taxpayers in New Hampshire and across the nation are fully informed of their rights. The bill would amend current law to clarify that the IRS Commissioner is responsible for ensuring that agency employees are familiar with and act in accord with certain taxpayer rights, including the right to be informed, the right to be assisted, the right to be heard, the right to pay no more than the correct amount of tax, the right of appeal, the right to certainty, the right to privacy, the right to confidentiality, the right to representation, and the right to a fair and just tax system. While these principles have previously been adopted by the IRS, they currently are not codified in law. My bill also includes provisions that make it clear taxpayers cannot be targeted for their political beliefs and that the IRS must ensure taxpayers have access to tax forms. Click
here
to read more.
I was honored to attend the Congressional Gold Medal Ceremony for the Doolittle Tokyo Raiders, a group of 80 pilots and crew that executed an air raid on Tokyo in 1942 that was a pivotal turning point in Pacific Theatre battles of World War II. I was glad to help pass
legislation
last year that called for awarding the medal to the Doolittle Raiders, and this week's ceremony was a moving tribute to the heroic service of these brave Americans during some of our nation's darkest days.
Finally, I'd like to congratulate Portsmouth Naval Shipyard on receiving the prestigious Chief of Naval Operations Fiscal Year 2014 Shore Safety Award for Large Industrial Activities. Portsmouth Naval Shipyard has established a tradition of excellence in worker safety and remains the gold-standard for public shipyards across the country. The men and women who serve our nation at the shipyard work diligently to maintain, modernize, and repair our U.S. Navy submarines, providing critical support to our national defense. Congratulations to everyone at Portsmouth Naval Shipyard for this well-deserved recognition!
Tomorrow I'm looking forward to heading over to Pease for the annual Welcome Home Vietnam Veterans Day ceremony. I hope you have a great weekend, and please read on for more updates from my office.
Pearl Harbor victim coming home at last
By Paul Feely,
New Hampshire Union Leader
April 16, 2015
For Tom Gray, the idea that he could soon bury his cousin in New Hampshire - more than 70 years after he was killed during the Japanese attacks on Pearl Harbor - is almost too good to be true.
"After the years we've spent on this, all the letters, emails and conversations, to think my family will finally have some closure ... it's hard to find the words," Gray said Wednesday from his home in Guilford, Conn. "It's not going to happen tomorrow, but I'm confident that Edwin will be coming home."
On Dec. 7, 1941, 3rd Class Fireman Edwin Hopkins from Swanzey was killed while serving aboard the battleship USS Oklahoma, which was hit by nine torpedoes and capsized at anchor in Pearl Harbor.
Gray (actually Hopkins' second cousin) and other relatives have been campaigning for several years for Hopkins' remains in Hawaii to be exhumed for burial next to his parents in a family plot in the Woodland Cemetery in Keene.
On Tuesday, the U.S. Department of Defense (DoD) announced the remains of up to 388 sailors and Marines who died aboard the USS Oklahoma would be returned to their families.
...
In March 2014, Sen. Kelly Ayotte, R-N.H., coauthored a letter requesting that Pentagon officials grant the Joint POW/MIA Accounting Command's Central Identification Laboratory's request to exhume five "unknown" caskets and identify the remains inside. This past February, Ayotte and Sen. Chris Murphy, D-Conn., wrote to Secretary of Defense Chuck Hagel to push DoD to approve the exhumation and identification of all of the remains.
"I am glad that the Department of Defense has agreed to honor the wishes of family members, like the family of 3rd Class Fireman Edwin Hopkins of Swanzey, who have waited years for the remains of their loved ones to be identified and returned for proper burial," Sen. Ayotte said. "These fallen heroes and their families deserve to be treated with the utmost dignity, care and respect, and I am honored to have worked with defense officials on their behalf."
"My family and I can't say enough about the work done by Sen. Ayotte and (Connecticut) Sen. Blumenthal on this," Gray said. "They have worked on our behalf with the DoD, and without their efforts I think I could have spent the rest of my life without reaching a conclusion to this."
Read More
Ayotte-Cantwell Introduce Bipartisan Bill to Reduce Outdated Tariffs on Outdoor Apparel
Senator Ayotte this week received the Friend of the Outdoor Industry Award from the Outdoor Industry Association. The award was presented by Cam Brensinger (left), CEO of NEMO Equipment, which is based in Durham.
Senators Ayotte and Maria Cantwell
(D-WA) this week reintroduced bipartisan legislation that would lower or eliminate outdated tariffs on recreational outerwear and support America's outdoor economy.
The bipartisan United States Optimal Use of Trade to Develop Outerwear and Outdoor Recreation Act (U.S. OUTDOOR Act) would modernize tariffs that were originally enacted to protect domestic manufacturing of outerwear performance apparel. In July 2007, the United States International Trade Commission found that recreational performance apparel produced in the U.S. makes up less than 1 percent of the total recreational performance market. The bill would make outdoor apparel such as water-resistant jackets and pants more affordable for consumers and help outerwear retailers to create jobs, import goods, and invest in research and development of new cutting-edge performance apparel.
"New Hampshire's economy relies on the outdoor recreation industry, which generates $4.2 billion in consumer spending in our state each year," said Senator Ayotte, a member of the Senate Commerce Committee. "This legislation would lower costs for outdoor enthusiasts and companies that sell outdoor recreational apparel, ensuring that they can continue to thrive and create jobs."
Read More
Senator Ayotte Receives MOAA Congressional Leadership Award
At a special reception Tuesday evening on Capitol Hill, Senator Ayotte received the Military Officers Association of America's Colonel Arthur T. Marix Congressional Leadership Award in recognition of strong and consistent support of national defense and the uniformed services community, including her role in leading the successful fight to repeal unfair cuts to military retiree benefits.
"I am humbled and honored to receive this award. Our brave men and women in uniform have selflessly put their own lives on the line to protect our nation, and it is my privilege to fight for the benefits they have earned," said Senator Ayotte, a member of the Senate Armed Services Committee. "I was honored to work to reverse the COLA cuts, and I'll continue to fight to ensure we keep our promises to those who have defended our nation."
"Senator Ayotte is a champion for every man and woman, past and present, who has served or is currently serving their country in uniform. Her efforts to protect the benefits promised to them are unmatched by any other member of Congress. New Hampshire is proud of the work our Senator does on the Armed Services Committee, but especially for her bipartisan leadership in undoing the military retiree COLA injustice of the 2013 budget act," said COL Ken Lull, USA (Ret.), Vice President of MOAA-NH, who was on hand for Tuesday's ceremony. "As this year's MOAA recipient of the Colonel Arthur T. Marix award, Senator Ayotte once again sets the high water mark for her peers, and every member of the MOAA-NH family extend to her their sincere gratitude for all she has done and continues to do."
Read More
Bipartisan Group of Senators Push for Equity in Law Enforcement Act
Senators Ayotte, Jack Reed (D-RI) Patrick Leahy (D-VT), Sheldon Whitehouse (D-RI), and Edward Markey (D-MA) this week introduced the bipartisan Equity in Law Enforcement Act of 2015, which aims to expand the federal death benefits afforded to state and local law enforcement to include first responders who serve private institutions of higher education and rail carriers. The bill, introduced on the two year anniversary of the 2013 Boston Marathon bombings, would make these individuals eligible for the U.S. Department of Justice's Public Safety Officers' Benefits (PSOB) program.
The federal PSOB program provides financial assistance to police, firefighters, and EMTs who are gravely injured on the job and a one-time benefit payment to the survivors of public safety officers who die as a result of injuries sustained in the line of duty. According to law enforcement sources, since 1960, 35 college or university law enforcement officers have lost their lives while on duty. While some families of those officers serving at public universities have received line-of-duty death benefits through PSOB, the families of officers who were killed while serving at private colleges and universities have been ineligible. This group notably includes the families of Patrol Officer Sean Collier of the MIT Police Department, who was killed on duty on April 18, 2013 during a manhunt in the wake of the April 15, 2013 Boston Bombings, and Patrol Officer Joseph Doyle, who died from injuries he sustained while making an arrest at Brown University in Rhode Island 27 years ago.
"Our law enforcement personnel put their lives on the line every day to keep us safe, and this bipartisan legislation would extend the same survivor benefits to the families of those heroes who make the ultimate sacrifice while serving at private institutions of higher education and rail carriers," said Senator Ayotte.
Read More
Senarors Seek Greater Transparency Regarding Transfers of Guantanamo Detainees
Senators Ayotte, Chuck Grassley (R-IA) and Lindsey Graham (R-SC) are asking for more information on three former Guantanamo Bay detainees who were released pursuant to court orders and may have returned to the battlefield. One former detainee is confirmed to have reengaged in terrorist or insurgent activities, while the other two are suspected of reengagement in similar activities, according to a recent report by the Director of National Intelligence.
"No American service member should ever have to confront a former Guantanamo detainee on the battlefield. The American people have a right to know about the terrorist activities of detainees who have been released from Guantanamo, as well as the terrorist associations and activities of detainees still there," Ayotte said.
Read More
Blumenthal, Ayotte, Murphy, Etsy Introduce Resolution Recognizing Need for Increased Access for People with Disabilities at Federal Facilities
Senators Ayotte, Richard Blumenthal (D-Conn.) and Chris Murphy (D-Conn.), and U.S. Representative Elizabeth Esty (D-Conn.) introduced resolutions in the Senate and House, respectively, that recognize the need to improve physical access for people with disabilities at federally-funded facilities.
"Americans with disabilities deserve equal access to federal facilities, and I support this resolution to improve access to these facilities and ensure that individuals with disabilities are able to engage as equal members of society," said Senator Ayotte.
Read More
Photos of the Week
Senator Ayotte with students from the Lincoln-Akerman School during their visit to DC this week
Child Advocacy Center of Hillsborough County's 9th Annual Gala
With Rachel Biggins and Jeffrey Scott of the NH Ambulance Association
Senator Ayotte congratulated newly sworn in American citizens at a naturalization in Concord on Friday
With members of the NH Association of Fire Chiefs during their trip to Washington
With Paul Hoiriis, Asst. Principal of the Year, Newfound Regional High School in Bristol
Warm Regards,
Kelly Ayotte
United States Senator
Email Kelly
Manchester Office
1200 Elm Street, Suite 2
Manchester, NH 03101 Phone:
603-622-7979
Nashua Office
144 Main Street
Nashua, NH 03060 Phone:
603-880-3335
North Country Office 19 Pleasant Street, Suite 13B
Berlin, NH 03570 Phone:
603-752-7702 Fax:
603-752-7704
Portsmouth Office
14 Manchester Square, Ste 140
Portsmouth, NH 03801 Phone:
603-436-7161
Washington, DC
144 Russell Senate Office Building
Washington, DC 20510
Phone:
202-224-3324
Email Kelly
|
ayotte.senate.gov
|
Unsubscribe
