
If you are having trouble viewing this message or
would like to share it on a social network, you can
view the message online .
HOME
CONTACT US
CONSTITUENT SERVICES
ISSUES AND LEGISLATION
April 19, 2015
Holding The IRS Accountable:
To mark yet
another painful tax day, the House passed several bills to hold the
IRS accountable and make the IRS more transparent.
The House
voted unanimously for a Taxpayers Bill of Rights, passed a bill
making IRS targeting of business and individuals a firing offense, and
voted to ban the use of personal email for official IRS business. These
bills are crafted to put the interest of the American taxpayer first
and to help put a stop to the ongoing IRS abuse.
Watch my remarks from this weeks Republican House
Leadership press conference
on what more we can do to hold the IRS
accountable for their misconduct and to reform our broken tax code to make
Tax Day fairer and less painful for everyone.
Repealing The Death
Tax:
As a CPA, I understand that the only
certainties in life are death and taxes.
Unfortunately, Washington has
decided that a third certainty can be created when we combine those two
separate terms.
The death tax is an issue that, as long as it
exists, will be seen as a provision by which politicians can pocket more
of families hard-earned legacies.
I recently heard from
one Kansan whose father-in-law, a farmer, passed away in 2005.
Because these folks wanted to keep the farm in the family, they had to
set up an installment plan with the IRS to pay the death tax.
Even
then, they have been forced to dip into retirement funds and sell
other assets in order to make the payments and keep the
land.
The vote by the House this week to repeal the
Death Tax
which would make our tax system fairer, and stop
Washington causing more pain at a time when families are suffering the most.
I will continue to work to repeal the Death Tax to help keep
Washington out of a part of our lives where the government has no
place.
Supporting
Mental Health:
This week I introduced
the Mental Health First Aid Act
to expand mental health first
aid training in our communities. Teachers, first responders, law
enforcement officers, veterans, and many other public servants are often
on the front lines of persons living with mental illness. Until
recently, these individuals had little or no training on how to adequately
respond to mental health crises.
But because of the work of
many behavioral health professionals, like those at Bert
Nash Community Mental Health Center in Lawrence, the Mental Health
First Aid education program is helping train the public to identify,
understand, and support someone suffering from mental health. Mental
Health First Aid is making a real difference in our communities and this
legislation will ensure that more Americans have access to mental
health resources
including our veterans
and that more communities have
the tools needed to help those struggling with mental
illness.
To read more about my efforts to help those struggling with mental
illness,
click here .
Protecting Our Nursing Schools :
I came together this week
with Reps. Paul Tonko (D-NY), Adam Kinzinger (R-IL) and Charlie Rangel
(D-NY)
to introduce the MEND Act .
This legislation would protect hospital based-nursing programs across the
United States as they face conflicting regulatory requirements from
Centers for Medicare and Medicaid Services (CMS) and their
accreditation bodies.
At a time when our country is facing a shortage
of nurses, we must ensure that our hospital-based nursing schools
like the partnership between Stormont-Vail Regional Health Center Campus
and the Baker University School of Nursing in Topeka, Kansas
can
continue to provide a world-class education for nursing
professionals.
Hospital-based nursing schools are extremely valuable and
give students real world experience to better serve our community. This
bipartisan, sensible legislation is critical for the future of our
healthcare workforce.
Honoring Our Veterans:
Standing
with our Kansas veterans at the WWII Memorial in DC is a humbling
experience and was made even more special by the presence of Senator Bob
Dole to greet the Kansas Honor Flight. We can never express deeply enough
our gratitude to those who have served and risked their lives to keep
America free.
Ensuring Quality Care For Kansas
Veterans:
Since January, 2014 the emergency room at
Colmery-ONeill VA Medical Center has been shut down.This past week,
Senator Jerry Moran and I called on the VA
Heartland Network Director , raising serious concerns about the
support the Network is receiving from the VA Headquarters in Washington.
We can all agree that our veterans deserve the highest quality of
care possible, yet more than a year has passed and veterans are still not
able to receive emergency care from Colmery-ONeil. This situation is
unacceptable and must be resolved immediately. Rather than more
excuses and inaction from leaders at the VA in Washington, our veterans
deserve results and care that is worthy of their service to our
nation.
Read more about the situation and whats being done in the
Topeka Capital-Journal .
To watch
WIBWs coverage of the situation,
click here .
Meeting with the Lawrence Chamber of Commerce:
I had a
great meeting with folks from the Lawrence Chamber of Commerce on
Thursday. We had a productive discussion about what more we can to help
businesses back home in Kansas.
Discussing Transportation With The Kansas
Contractors Association:
It was fascinating talking
with the Kansas Contractors Association and hearing about some of the
new transportation plans around Kansas as well as some of the ongoing
highway issues in the state.
Listening To Our
Dairy Farmers:
As a girl who grew up on a dairy farm,
this will always be an issue close to my heart. It was great to talk
with the dairy farmers and hear what more we need to do to support the
Ag industry which is fundamental to the success of our state.
Engaging
With The Kansas Motor Carrier Association:
It was
interesting to have the chance to chat with the Kansas Motor Carrier
Association about the long-term solvency of the Highway Trust Fund,
along with some other truly important issues.
Talking Drinks With The
Kansas Beverage Association:
I really enjoyed getting
to meet with the Kansas Beverage Association this week and hearing
about the some of the ongoing concerns in the industry.
Washington, DC
Office
1526 Longworth
HOB
Washington, D.C. 20515
Phone: (202) 225-6601
Fax: (202) 225-7986
Pittsburg
Office
1001 N. Broadway Street #C
Pittsburg, KS 66762
Phone: (620) 231-LYNN (5966)
Fax: (620) 231-5972
Topeka
Office
3550 SW 5th
Street
Topeka, KS 66606
Phone: (785) 234-LYNN (5966)
Fax: (785) 234-5967
Independence Office
120 N. 6th Street
Independence, KS 67301
Phone: (620)
231-LYNN (5966)
Fax: (620) 231-5972
Unsubscribe
|
Update My Profile
|
Privacy
Policy
gateway mail end 