 Mail
begin
If you are having trouble viewing this message or
would like to share it on a social network, you can
view the message online .
May 04, 2015
Unsubscribe
Update My Profile
Website
|
About Doug
|
Constituent
Services
|
Issues &amp; Legislation
|
News
|
Contact Doug
Congressman
Lamborn's Daily Signal Op-Ed on President Obama's Bad
Deals
5/4/15
Obamas Made Some Bad Deals. Why He Should Stop Sidelining
Congress
By Congressman Doug
Lamborn
I have some bad news for
Americans and our allies around the world: President Obama is quite
good at making bad deals, particularly with dangerous regimes and
groups.
The nuclear negotiations with Iran are but the most recent example. A
nuclear framework agreement has been reached, but the latest deal
coming out of Switzerland is dangerous on two fronts. First, it doesnt
protect Americas interests or protect Israel, our strongest strategic
ally in the region. Second, the agreement doesnt meaningfully
restrict the extremist Iranian regime from expanding its nuclear
program.
An
example also can be found in 2014, when President Obama traded five
hardened terrorists imprisoned in Guantanamo Bay for the release of Sgt.
Bowe Bergdahl, who had been held captive by the Taliban for five years.
What makes this deal particularly disturbing, aside from the
president even entertaining the idea of freeing dangerous enemies of America,
is Bergdahl already was suspected of desertion. In essence, we swapped
five terrorists for one suspected deserter. Thats not a good deal.
To add insult to injury, at least one terrorist involved in the swap
is believed to already have rejoined the Talibans fighting
forces.
What
do these two bad deals say about this administration? There are
striking parallels that should be pointed
out.
Both bad deals relegated Congress
to the sidelines when it should have been instrumental in helping make
decisions in these matters. In the case of Bergdahl, the president
conducted the swap without seeking consultation from Congress, even
though U.S. law explicitly requires the president and his administration
to notify Congress 30 days before it transfers any prisoners from
Guantanamo Bay. This failure to notify was no accident; it was the
president deliberately flouting the law of the
land.
In the case of the Iran
nuclear talks, once again Congress was left in the dark and presented
with a situation where the president was unilaterally making decisions.
The president placed more faith in the despotic leaders of Iran than in
the process established by our Constitution and the democratically
elected members of Congress. This is a slap in the face of Congress and
the people we
represent.
In both situations, the president downplayed the
questionable aspects of the deals but exaggerated facts to make the
deals sound better than they were. He made grandiose claims about Irans
good deeds in the nuclear talks but ignored the blatant threats the
Iranian regime has made toward the United States and Israel. He argued
the Taliban terrorists released in the Bergdahl deal werent a threat
to American lives. This was, to say the least, extremely
nave.
It seems
clear the president acted as he did because he knew his actions in both
situations would not be tolerated by Congress. As is customary with
President Obama, when he knows he has a tough sell to the American
people and Congress, he creates ways to maneuver around even the
constitutional barriers to push forward his
agenda.
It is clear President Obama
doesnt want to work with Congress because we may thwart his plans.
Instead of working within the reasonable limits established by the
Constitution and trusting that good policy will win in the end, President
Obama repeatedly has shown a willingness to play fast and loose with the
truth to achieve his policy goals. This is wrong and
dangerous.
Ultimately,
we want to be able to trust our president, to trust he will make the
right decisions for our country, our safety and our strategic allies.
We dont want our country to be shortchanged. Poor decisions such as
these place our country and our troops in danger. And the question must
be asked: What would stop our enemies from capturing more soldiers
(and potentially even civilians) to trade for other terrorists in
Guantanamo Bay?
The president is willing to trade known terrorists for a
suspected deserter. This leads to a crisis of trust. If we cant trust
President Obama to make the right decision regarding the Bergdahl situation,
can we trust him to make the right decision on Iran? Sadly, the
answer appears to be a resounding
no.
Contact
Info
WASHINGTON OFFICE
2402 Rayburn HOB
Washington, DC 20515
Phone: (202) 225-4422
Fax: (202) 226-2638
DISTRICT OFFICE
1125 Kelly Johnson
Blvd., Suite 330
Colorado Springs, CO 80920
Phone: (719)
520-0055
Fax: (719) 520-0840
DISTRICT OFFICE
415
Main Street
Buena Vista, CO 81211
Phone: (719) 520-0055
Fax: (719) 520-0840
Update My
Profile
-
Unsubscribe
-
Privacy Policy
