
Big Week for America 's
Taxpayers &amp; Seniors
House Passes Brady Tax Cuts;
Brady Solution to Medicare Doctor Crisis Heads to the President's Desk
Watch my House floor speech during today's debate on the Death Tax by clicking
here .
As
Americans were filing their
tax return s, I was fighting
to end one onerous tax and make
a deduction Texas
famil ies rely on perm anent.
House Passed Two Brady Tax Bills
Today the House of Representatives passed two of my bills with nearly $30 billion in tax cuts -- one makes the
state and local sales tax deduction
that saves Texas families over a billion dollars every year permanent and the other
fully
repeals the federal estate , or Death, Tax , that hurts Texas farmers, ranchers and small businesspeople.
This is all about making our tax code
fairer for all America ns.
A
poll from
Texas-based
Baselice &amp; Associates
found that
80% of American voters
support Congress
acting now to fix the tax code by making it fairer, flatter and simpler . "
As for the President's veto threats on my bills . I ask
just
one
simple
question :
Why is he turning his back on hardworking taxpayers? Middle class economics should be about helping families keep more of what they earn and supporting family-owned businesses
many of them being grown by women and minorities building wealth for the first time so their children and grandchildren have greater opportunities in this great land.
A Big Win for American Seniors
Tuesday
n ight
the
U.S.
Senate passed
a solution I've been working on fo r years to
insure
Americas seniors can see a doctor they know, and who knows them.
P assed by
strong veto
proof majorit ies in
both the House and Senate , we have replaced the flawed
way Medicare pay s local doctors with a
system that rewards quality care
for the 5 3 million Americans who rely on Medicare.
Our
solution is endorsed by over 700 local, state and national physician groups .
This is
a first step towa rd savi ng Medicare for the long term .
N ot only
will
more doctors be willing to
accept Medi care, another of my bills to limit fraud and abuse in the Med icare
system was included in the reform. Read more by
cl icking
here .
Expanding the
Conroe VA Clinic: More Space, More Services f or our Heroes close
to
home
The new Conroe VA Clinic space is impressive. It's more than three times the
size of the current clinic and will provide services not previously available locally for our veterans such as x-ra ys, onsite lab work, audiology and more.
Read more in
T he Courier of Montgomer y County
by clicking
here .
Sam Houston State University Class Town Hall
Sam Houston State University Associate Professor Tamara Waggeners American Government class hosted a congressional town hall last week (pictured above) so her students could ask me questions about everything from 2 nd
Amendment rights to health care to how to be more involved in the political program.
After the class, I met with SHSU Student Government President Spencer Copeland (pictured below on the right) and Tyler Livezey, the SGA's External Affairs Chief.
On The Airw aves
Always a pleasu re to join Gerri Willis on Fox Busi ness and discuss importa nt economic issued like repealing the Death Tax. Watch our interview by clicking
here .
I joined Tony Perkin's nationally syndicated Washington Watch radio program to discuss
repealing the death tax. Listen by clicking
here .
Groundbreaking Medical
Research &amp; Treatment
As the chairman of the U.S. House Ways &amp; Means Health subcommittee,
I meet regularly with our local medical community leaders like the doctors at Texas Childrens Hospital (pictured above) who keep me up to date on our communities' health care challenges.
At MD Anderson's Center for Cancer Immunology Research and Mays Clinic, I saw first hand advances in immunology research and treatment that are happening right here in our own backyard (pictured above) as well as how they are combating a very rare, often misdiagnosed form of breast cancer, Inflammatory Breast Cancer.
Readers are Leaders
It was fun to read
House Mouse, Senate Mouse
to 1st graders at Armstrong Elementary school in Conroe (pic tured abov e) .
In the story about the Mouse Capitol, the students learn
more
about
how
laws are made.
Kolaches with Kevin
We had a nother Kolaches with Kevin town hall in Montgomery
during th e Easter District Work Period .
Please s tay in touch with our office for information on future events in your town.
I
appreciate everyone who stays in touch with me through town halls, via
Facebook ,
email ,
and
Twitter .
So Thank You!
NOTE: Please DO NOT respond to this email as this inbox is unattended. To contact my office please
click here
Connect:
WASHINGTON, D.C. OFFICE
301 Cannon H.O.B.
Washington, DC 20515
P:
(202) 225-4901
F:
(202) 225-5524
CONROE DISTRICT OFFICE
200 River Pointe, Ste 304
Conroe, TX 77304
Phone: (936)441-5700
Fax: (936)441-5757
HUNTSVILLE DISTRICT OFFICE
1300 11th Street, Suite 400
Huntsville, TX 77340
Phone: (936)439-9532
Fax: (936)439-9546
UNSUBSCRIBE
|
PRIVACY POLICY
|
CONTACT US
Click Here Click Here