
If you are having trouble viewing this message or would like to share
it on a social network, you can
view the message online .
HOME
ABOUT ME
CONTACT ME
SERVING
YOU
MEDIA CENTER
OUR DISTRICT
RESOURCES
May 04, 2015
General Motors to
Invest $174 Million in Kansas City Assembly Plant
Congressman Yoder
speaking at the GM Assembly Plant in Kansas
City.
It was exciting to be on hand this morning to celebrate
General Motors big news to invest $174 million in the Fairfax Assembly
Plant in Kansas City for new equipment and technology to support
production of the 2016 Malibu. I was pleased to welcome GM CEO Mary Barra to
KCK for the announcement that GM has reached the 500 millionth
vehicle produced worldwide since its founding 106 years
ago.
This milestone is a testament to the workers at
the Fairfax Assembly Plant and the new investment announced today will
be good for economic growth in the Kansas City area and throughout
the country. Congratulations to GM on this achievement and I look
forward to returning to the facility as new, exciting technologies emerge to
help with production of the next 500 million GM
vehicles.
Fighting for Kansas Farmers
Congressman Yoder visiting Sawyer Farm in
McPherson in 2013.
On Wednesday, the Transportation,
Housing and Urban Development (THUD) Appropriations Subcommittee passed the
2016 THUD Appropriations Bill , including my amendment
that provides for a narrowly-tailored exemption to allow the Kansas
Legislature to modify its truck length laws for transporting custom
harvesting equipment.
Click
here to read the
Salina Journal 's coverage of the
bill.
Getting this language into the Appropriations bill is a big win
for Kansas farmers and small business owners. My amendment, supported
by Kansas Highway Patrol, Kansas Department of Transportation, and
Kansas Department of Agriculture, will allow custom harvesters to safely
and more efficiently move their equipment across state lines. Its a
commonsense move that will bring our laws in line with Oklahoma and
Nebraska, which will help our Kansas economy without increasing federal
spending or adding to our National Debt. Its another example of the
Republican-led Congress working towards removing burdensome regulation
and growing our economy from the ground
up.
Click here to listen to Congressman Yoder's radio
interview
with
Kansas Ag Network 's Greg
Akagi.
Groups Thank Yoder for Custom Harvester Provision
This is a good first step to giving custom harvesters the
flexibility to move equipment as needed , Tracy Zeorian,
executive director for U.S. Custom Harvesters, Inc., said.
We join with the custom harvesters, who are vital
to Kansas agriculture, in thanking Congressman Yoder for his
efforts , Kansas Farm Bureau President Rich Felts said.
We look
forward to working with the U.S. Senate and the Kansas legislature to pass
this
plan .
The bill will be considered by the full House Appropriations Committee
later this month.
Energy &amp; Water
Appropriations
On Friday, with my support, the
House of Representatives passed the
2016 Energy and Water Appropriations Bill . This
bill responsibly prioritizes spending by appropriating $633 million
less than the President's Budget Request and cuts through the
Administration's red tape that continues to slow down our
economy.
This bill provides $35.4 billion to help fund our
national defense nuclear weapons activities, upgrade our electric
grid, fund the Army Corps of Engineers to facilitate commerce, and help
drive America towards energy independence. Additionally, it reins in the
Environmental Protection Agency's continued assault on farmers, small
business owners, and consumers across America. It is a responsible
bill that meets our national security needs and improves our nation's
infrastructure without piling on to our already mounting National
Debt.
Military Construction &amp; Veterans Affairs Appropriations
On Thursday, the House of Representatives passed the
2016 Military Construction and
Veterans Affairs Appropriations Bill
with my support. This
bill authorizes $76.6 billion to ensure our veterans, active duty
military, and their families receive the support they deserve. It represents
a $4.6 billion increase over last year, reiterating our commitment to
those who have sacrificed so much to protect this
nation.
This bill increases oversight at the VA,
modernizes veterans' health care, and gives veterans access to career
training and programs that address mental health care and traumatic brain
injury to help them successfully reintegrate into the
workforce.
Legislative Branch Appropriations
On Wednesday,
with my support, the House Appropriations Committee passed the
2016 Legislative Branch
Appropriations Bill . This bill represents a zero percent increase
in spending from last year and continues the pay freeze for Members of
Congress in existence since Republicans took control of the House of
Representatives in 2010.
It provides
$3.34 billion for House Member offices, the support agencies of
Congress, security, services for visitors, and Capitol operations and
maintenance. It spends $172 million less than the President's Budget
Request.
$1.18 billion for the U.S. House
of Representatives
$369 million for the Capitol
Police
$21 million more than 2015 level and $9.9 million
less than the Presidents Budget
Request
$47.3 million for the Congressional Budget
Office
$495.9 million for the Architect of the
Capitol
$10.1 million less than the 2015 level and $81.1 million less than the
Presidents Budget Request
$591.4
million for the Library of Congress
$33.1 million
less than the Presidents Budget
Request
$110.2 million for the Government Publishing
Office
$9.8 million less than both the 2015 level and the Presidents
Budget Request
$522 million for the
Government Accountability Office
$31.1 million less
than the Presidents Budget Request
$1
million for Open World Leadership Center Trust
Fund
$4.7 million less than the 2015 level and $7 million less than
the Presidents Budget Request
The
money allocated in this bill allows Member offices to provide the best
and most efficient service to their
constituents.
Visit from Sue Rippe
in DC
It was a privilege to host biology teacher
Sue Rippe of Olathe Northwest High School in my Washington, DC office
last week. Ms. Rippe was recently inducted into to the National Teacher
Hall of Fame and was recognized at the White House. Knowing that this
honor is bestowed on only five teachers out of more than seven
million across the country every year, we are so fortunate to have Ms. Rippe
here in Olathe.
2014 Special Olympics North America Coach of the
Year
Click here to visit
Special Olympics Kansas ' website
to read more about John.
Congratulations to Kansas'
own John Lair for being named the 2014 Special Olympics North America
Coach of the Year.
The Coach of the Year Award was
established in the late 1980s and is given annually to an active,
certified Special Olympics coach who has met several criteria, particularly
their having made a significant and demonstrable impact on local
Special Olympics Programs and their communities. There are over 120,000
coaches within Special Olympics North America, providing instruction and
competition in more than 32 sports. The impressive scope and
contributions of all those coaches truly puts this award into
perspective.
Fact of the Week
The last time the House started the Appropriations process this
early was 1974. Elton John's
Bennie and the Jets
was topping
the United States singles charts.
2015 Congressional
Art Competition Facebook Vote
Click here to
vote.
Im pleased to announce the submissions for the
Third District 2015 Congressional Art Competition from Olathe, Blue
Valley, Shawnee Mission, Bonner Springs, and De Soto school districts. If
you would like to view the pieces in person, you can do so until May
16 at
InterUrban ArtHouse at 8001 Conser in Overland
Park.
The winning piece, chosen by
the Third District Art Advisory Board, will hang in the United States
Capitol for a year. You can also like your favorite piece here on
Facebook through May 8, and the piece receiving the most likes will be
declared the Peoples Choice Award
winner.
Thank you to all the talented students and teachers for their
participation this year.
Legislative Look
Ahead
The House of Representatives is not in session this
week.
Weekly Legislative Wrap Up
TUESDAY,
APRIL 28TH
H.R.
1075
"To designate the United States Customs and Border
Protection Port of Entry located at First Street and Pan American Avenue in
Douglas, Arizona, as the "Raul Hector Castro Port of Entry"."
PASSED BY VOICE VOTE
H.R. 1690
"To designate the United
States courthouse located at 700 Grant Street in Pittsburgh,
Pennsylvania, as the "Joseph F. Weis Jr. United States Courthouse"."
PASSED BY VOICE VOTE
H.R. 172
"To designate the United
States courthouse located at 501 East Court Street in Jackson,
Mississippi, as the "R. Jess Brown United States Courthouse"."
PASSED
BY VOICE VOTE
H.R. 984
"To amend the National Trails
System Act to direct the Secretary of the Interior to conduct a study on
the feasibility of designating the Chief Standing Bear National
Historic Trail, and for other purposes."
PASSED BY VOICE
VOTE
H.R. 373
Good Samaritan Search and Recovery Act
PASSED 413
0 (YES)
H.R. 1324
Arapaho National Forest
Boundary Adjustment Act
PASSED 381
30
(YES)
WEDNESDAY, APRIL 29TH &amp; THURSDAY,
APRIL 30TH
H.R. 651
"To designate the facility of
the United States Postal Service located at 820 Elmwood Avenue in
Providence, Rhode Island, as the "Sister Ann Keefe Post Office"."
PASSED 422
0 (YES)
H.R. 2029
with Amendments
Military Construction and Veterans Affairs and Related Agencies
Appropriations Act
PASSED 255
163
(YES)
Conference Report to
S. Con. Res. 11
FY2016 Budget
ADOPTED 226
197
(YES)
H.J. Res. 43
"Disapproving the action of the
District of Columbia Council in approving the Reproductive Health
Non-Discrimination Amendment Act of 2014."
ADOPTED 228
192
(YES)
FRIDAY, MAY
1ST
H.R. 2028
with Amendments
Energy and Water
Development and Related Agencies Appropriations Act
PASSED
240
177 (YES)
Staff
Community Office Hours
My staff can assist you from 8:00 AM -
5:00 PM, Monday through Friday in my Overland Park Office. They can help
with any issues or concerns, as well as to provide assistance with
federal agencies and programs, including Veterans' Affairs, Medicare,
Social Security, Passports, and
Visas.
Also, we periodically have Staff Community Office Hours throughout the
district. If you are unable to visit my office, please consider coming
to the following location if it is more convenient for
you:
Noon - 1:00 PM on June
3
South
Branch Library
3104 Strong Avenue
Kansas City,
Kansas 66106
Tell a Friend
E-mail:
E-mail:
E-mail:
Please click below to
follow me on Twitter, Facebook, Instagram, Medium and YouTube.
Washington, DC
215 Cannon
HOB
Washington, DC 20515
Phone: (202) 225-2865
Hours:
Monday-Friday
9:00AM -6:00PM EST
Overland
Park
7325 W. 79th St.
Overland Park, KS 66204
Phone:
(913) 621-0832
Fax: (913) 621-1533
Hours: Monday-Friday
8:00AM -5:00PM CST
Unsubscribe
|
Update My Profile
|
Privacy
Policy
gateway mail end
