
If you are having trouble viewing
this message or would like to share it on a social network, you can
view the message
online .
Home
Contact Me
About
Services
News
Issues
April 19, 2015
Dear David,
One of the greatest privileges and
meaningful actions I take as a Member of Congress is nominating students
to attend our service academies. These young men and women, who have
outstanding leadership skills, make the noble decision to serve their
country. Last week, I visited the U.S. Air Force Academy in Colorado
Springs for a tour and opportunity to have lunch with some of the
cadets I have appointed.
You can see some pictures with
them here . These future leaders will be commissioned as officers in
the military once they graduate and after spending time with them, I
know the Air Force will be in good
hands.
This week in Washington, I met with
Minnesota EMTs Terry Kraabel and David Stolhanske who are being honored
with the Stars of Life Award for their exceptional service. Our first
responders play a vital role in the safety of our
communities.
And, as a member of
the bicameral Joint Economic Committee, I welcomed the CEO of two
small Chanhassen medical device companies, Tom Hoghaug, to talk about the
impact that the medical device tax is having on his businesses. Mr.
Hoghaug shared a number of revealing statistics and personal stories in
his testimony,
which you can see here , but the
largest takeaway is that the medical device tax is having a negative
real-life impact on patients. The tax is causing lay-offs, stifling
critical medical innovation, and reducing investment in research and
development. My bipartisan legislation repealing the tax has 277
cosponsors in the House of Representatives, and I'll continue to push to get it
to the President's desk.
With the NHL play-offs having
kicked off, enjoy cheering on the Wild as they push to win the Stanley
Cup! If I can be of help to you or your family, dont hesitate to give
my office a call. Join the conversation online by visiting my
website ,
Facebook page ,
Twitter , and don't forget to watch my weekly video,
Erik's Correspondence Corner .
Sincerely,
Erik Paulsen
Member of
Congress
Giving Hope to Those with Alzheimer's
For those that are diagnosed with Alzheimer's disease, the road
forward can often seem scary and overwhelming. With over five million
Americans afflicted with Alzheimer's, it's important that these
patients and their caretakers are fully aware of the options available to
them so they can plan their next steps. That's why I'm cosponsoring
legislation, the
HOPE for Alzheimer's Act , to provide Medicare
beneficiaries with a care planning session to offer information about
treatment options for those diagnosed with the disease. This information
can be crucial to improving outcomes and quality of life.
You can see me speak on the House floor in favor of the
legislation here .
Holding
the IRS Accountable
Many
Minnesotans have expressed their shock and outrage about the behavior of
the IRS over the last few years. Whether it's targeting people for
their personal beliefs or employees using their personal email accounts
to share confidential taxpayer information, there has not been enough
accountability at the agency. On April 15, Tax Day, the House took
action passing a series of bipartisan bills to rein in the IRS. We need
to establish a Taxpayer Bill of Rights, make it illegal for IRS
employees to use personal email for official business, and make political
targeting by the IRS a fireable offense. The IRS needs to be held
accountable to American taxpayers and play by the
rules.
Protecting Family Farms and Small
Businesses
The dream of passing on the family farm or small
business to the next generation can often become a nightmare because of a
provision in the tax code called the estate tax, or the death tax. This
tax is applied when assets are passed down after the death of a family
member and can make it difficult for the next generation to take
over. Sometimes family farms and businesses have to be sold off just to
pay the tax.
One
family business in Bloomington that I spoke with has been forced to borrow
money in loans as well as spend 20% of their net income on life insurance
policies just to prepare for their future tax obligations. This is
money and capital that they would rather invest in growing their business
and creating jobs. The House took bipartisan action this week
to eliminate this unfair tax and not penalize Americans who work hard,
play by the rules, and want to reinvest in their farm or business.
I spoke on the House floor in support of the
legislation .
Erik talks to a constituent at a
Congress on Your Corner event at Cub Foods in Eden
Prairie.
Congressman Paulsen speaking to students from St. Paul's Lutheran School on the
Capitol
steps.
Erik on a tour of manufacturer Buhler Inc.'s
headquarters in Plymouth.
###
Unsubscribe
|
Update My Profile
|
Privacy Policy
gateway mail
end 