
Tax Week
Did you know that the burdensome tax code you had to deal with this tax season is more than four million words long? That is seven times the length of
War and Peace . Its clear that our current tax code is antiquated and confusing and hardworking Georgians deserve a fairer, simpler and flatter tax code to build a stronger economy.
This week, the House passed legislation with my support to fully repeal the federal estate and generation-skipping transfer taxes, better known as the death tax. I was a proud cosponsor of the Death Tax Repeal Act of 2015 because it will finally put an end to this unfair tax that tears apart family businesses and farms. A 2012 Joint Economic Committee (JEC)
report
called the death tax an overwhelming cause of the dissolution of family businesses and they estimate that the death tax has cost the Unites States economy an estimated $1.1 trillion in capital accumulation.
Eliminating the death tax will not only provide stability to hardworking Americans who hope to share their life savings with their children and grandchildren, but it will also provide strong economic growth and job creation. A recent
study
by the Tax Foundation found that repeal of the death tax would increase the U.S. capital stock by 2.2%, boost the economy, create 139,000 jobs and eventually increase federal revenue. Death should not be a taxable event and I strongly urge the Senate and President Obama to act swiftly to make this law.
While I am pleased that the House passed this legislation this week, as well as legislation to rein in the out of control IRS, tax week is an opportunity that should be used to call for a greater simplification of our cumbersome tax code. Its past time to move forward with pro-growth tax reform, like the Fair Tax. In addition to eliminating the death tax, the Fair Tax eliminates all personal and corporate income taxes, gift taxes, and the payroll tax and creates a consumption based system to promote savings. I am proud that my first act as a Member of Congress was to cosponsor the Fair Tax and I will continue to advocate for it.
As Benjamin Franklin said, in this world nothing can be said to be certain, except death and taxes.
Rest assured Im working hard to make both less of a burden on you and your family.
What do you think? Do you support eliminating the current tax code and replacing it with a simpler, fairer system? Take my poll
here
and let me know.
From Our Nation's Capitol XV
Monday, April 13, 2015:
As is customary, I begin the week with a staff meeting to review the events of last week, update me on current events and prepare for the upcoming events of the week.
In the short time I have been here, I have come to depend on staff more and more.
As the volume of work increases and the subject matter becomes more in depth, I am thankful to be surrounded by the bright and talented personnel in my office.
My first meeting today is to discuss the issue of the Export-Import Bank which is up for reauthorization this summer. The fate of the Ex-Im Bank will have a large impact on the First Congressional District as many companies including Gulfstream, the largest employer in our district, utilize the Ex-Im bank in their business. The Ex-Im Bank facilitates financing of foreign purchases of American-made goods.
Some Members of Congress feel that Ex-Im is filled with cronyism in which the government picks winners and losers and should therefore be allowed to expire. Others believe the bank performs an important function in promoting the purchase of American-made goods around the world. After this meeting, I head back to my office where I meet with representatives from the Associated Builders and Contractors who are concerned with issues such as labor, immigration, the Occupational Safety and Health Administration which is charged with ensuring workplace safety and regulatory reform.
Next, I meet with Great Lakes Dredge and Dock, the company performing the dredging work on the Savannah Harbor Deepening project and the recently completed Tybee Island beach re-nourishment and shore protection project.
Afterwards, I head to the House Chamber where we have our first and only votes of the day as we pass three bills including H.R. 1259, Helping Expand Lending Practices in Rural Communities Act, a bill that will develop a temporary program to designate certain counties as rural areas for purposes of enforcing regulations.
Afterwards, I have the distinct honor of visiting with one of my colleagues, Rep. Sam Johnson (R-TX), a true American Hero who flew fighter jets in both the Korean and Vietnam Wars and spent eight years as a Prisoner of War.
Tuesday, April 14, 2015:
My day begins with a meeting of the Republican Conference followed by a Health Subcommittee meeting of Education and Workforce where we discuss Obamacare at five years and the impact it is having on Americas workplaces. I then head to a meeting of the Committee on Government Oversight and Government Reform (OGR) where we discuss the Department of Justices handling of sexual harassment and misconduct allegations within the Secret Service. Between hearings, I have the opportunity to meet with dental students from Georgia Regents University in Augusta.
The students, including Nick Sasser from Brunswick, are concerned with the large amount of student loans that they are accumulating and the repayment programs that are available.
Afterwards, I head to a Committee on Homeland Security meeting where we mark up the National Cybersecurity Protection Advancement Act, a bill that will allow information about cybersecurity threats to be shared among federal agencies and nonfederal entities like private companies, states, and educational institutions.
Before the meeting, I am able to meet with Dr. Ben Spitalnick, a pediatrician from Pooler, to talk about e-cigarettes and the Child Nicotine Poisoning and Prevention Act.
After the meeting and before heading to the House Chamber to vote, I meet with representatives from the Arbys Foundation as they share with me their great work in the Share Our Strengths program that aims to end childhood hunger.
After voting, I head back to my office for a meeting with representatives from the U.S. Post Office to discuss the need for a new Post Office in Pooler.
The current office, built in the early 70s, has far exceeded its capacity and is slated to be replaced in the coming months.
Next, I have another OGR hearing, this time to discuss the General Accounting Office (GAO) report on duplication of government programs.
Afterwards, I head to the House Chamber where we have our final votes of the day and pass H.R. 650 and H.R. 685.
Wednesday, April 15, 2015:
Today is Tax Day and the Capitol is abuzz with talk of tax reform and the need to completely revamp our antiquated, far too complicated tax system and replace it with a simpler, fairer system.
My day starts with a meeting with the National Ocean Industries Association and other Atlantic Coast members whose states could be opened for offshore energy exploration.
Next, I testify before the House Appropriations Subcommittee on Defense where I stress the needs of our four military installations in the First District.
Afterwards, I head to an Education and Workforce Committee meeting where we discuss Child Nutrition Programs before heading to an OGR Subcommittee meeting discussing the Export-Import Bank.
After meetings with AgWorks, a group from the Valdosta area, to discuss the H-2B visa program and representatives from the Georgia Beverage Association to discuss food labeling, I head to yet another OGR subcommittee meeting this time to meet with the Taxpayer Advocate and discuss their annual report to Congress.
Late in the afternoon, I meet with the Georgia Bio group and with Majority Leader Kevin McCarthy as part of a group project to reform and improve the management of federal agencies.
Afterwards, while on my way to the House Chamber for our only votes of the day, I meet with representatives from Georgia 4-H who share with me the news of the wonderful work they do in our state.
Thursday, April 16, 2015:
After an early morning meeting with representatives from Georgia Power, I head to an OGR subcommittee meeting on The Worst Places to Work in the Federal Government.
After this most interesting meeting, I head to an Education and Workforce committee briefing on the reauthorization of the Higher Education Act.
This reauthorization will be coming up in the next few weeks and will be one of the biggest pieces of legislation our committee will handle.
Next, I have a meeting with TW Metals, a supplier of Boeing and Gulfstream with an office in Savannah to discuss the Export-Import Bank reauthorization.
Our only votes of the day include passing one of the most significant pieces of legislation that we will consider this session- H.R. 1105, the Death Tax Repeal Act.
I support this commonsense legislation that will repeal the federal estate and generation-skipping transfer taxes, which tears apart family businesses and farms.
My hope is that the Senate will now take up and pass this bill and that the President will sign it into law.
WEBSITE
|
UNSUBSCRIBE
|
CONTACT
Click Here Click Here