
If you are having trouble viewing this message or would like to
share it on a social network, you can
view the message online .
About
Contact
Services
Media Center
Legislation
Issues
Resources
March 29, 2015
CONGRESSMAN PITTENGER WORKING WITH FINANCIAL SERVICES
COMMITTEE TO STREAMLINE REGULATIONS, IMPROVE JOB CREATION AND ECONOMIC
GROWTH
As a Member of the House
Financial Services Committee, I am using my experience as a former small
business owner and former community bank director to target unnecessary
regulations which slow the economy and stifle job
creation.
Bureaucrats create regulations.
Business owners
create jobs.
We need to restore common sense to the regulatory
balance, adequately protecting consumers but not creating unnecessary
barriers to an opportunity economy where business owners are free to
create good paying jobs.
This week, the Financial Services
Committee approved my
Bureau of Consumer Financial Protection
Advisory Boards Act
(H.R. 1195), which will force CFPB
regulators to meet with small businesses, credit unions, and community banks to
receive input on how proposed regulations will impact access to
capital and job growth.
In addition, I am currently writing
the
Financial Regulatory Clarity Act , which will cut
through the confusing maze of federal rules by requiring financial
regulators to determine whether new regulations are duplicative or
inconsistent with existing rules. Furthermore, I am also preparing to
reintroduce the
Right to Lend Act , which will repeal
duplicative requirements in Dodd-Frank that experts warn could cripple lending
to small businesses, leading to fewer new jobs.
Last
December, the U.S. House of Representatives unanimously approved my
Regulation D Study Act
(H.R. 3240), which directs the
Government Accountability Office to study an outdated regulation
limiting certain online banking transfers and automated overdraft protection
transactions involving savings accounts.
The GAO has already
begun work on that study.
Other legislation designed to create
a better environment for economic growth and job creation which I've
supported include:
The Mortgage Choice Act,
approved this week by the Financial Services Committee, would amend
Dodd-Frank to improve access to credit and qualified mortgages for low and
moderate income borrowers while protecting consumers from bad
loans.
Promoting Job Creation and Reducing Small Business Burdens
Act, which passed the House of Representatives in January, enhances
the ability of small and emerging growth companies to access capital and
create good paying jobs.
The Community Institution
Mortgage Relief Act, approved this week by the Financial Services
Committee, ensures consumers have choices when shopping for a loan by
exempting smaller banks from crippling and unnecessary Dodd-Frank regulations
designed for major banks.
The Financial Product Safety
Commission Act would reform the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau
and replace the current, unaccountable management structure with a
five member commission.
The Eliminate Privacy Notification
Act, approved this week by the Financial Services Committee, would
reduce clutter in your mailbox, help the environment, and lower
unnecessary costs for financial institutions by eliminating the requirement
for an annual privacy notice, unless that institutions privacy policy
has changed in the past year.
The Charlotte region
is home to more than 2500 businesses related to financial services,
including Bank of America and Wells Fargo. As I work to bring regulatory
relief to the financial services industry, we will enable them to
assist local companies and hardworking Americans with their business and
personal goals.
As your
Congressman, I'm also available to assist you with issues involving federal
agencies, including Social Security, Medicare, IRS, passports, and
Veterans benefits.
Should you need assistance, or have questions
about current issues in Washington, please don't hesitate to call, reply
to this e-mail, or stop by one of my local offices in
Charlotte ,
Mooresville , or
Union County .
TIME TO RESTORE COMMON SENSE, FISCAL SANITY TO
WASHINGTON
This week, the U.S. House of
Representatives passed the House FY2016 budget, which cuts $5.5 trillion in
spending, strengthens vital programs, calls for a simpler tax code,
completely repeals Obamacare, and puts a premium on accountability in
the federal government.
Click here to watch my
speech in support of the House FY2016
Budget.
This week, the Financial Services Committee approved my
Bureau of Consumer Financial Protection Advisory Boards Act (H.R.
1195), which will force CFPB regulators to meet with small businesses,
credit unions, and community banks to receive input on how proposed
regulations will impact access to capital and job growth.
Click here to learn
more.
2015 Congressional Art
Competition
The 2015
Congressional Art Competition is coming up! High School students may submit
an original piece of art to our district office and the winner's piece
will hang in the Capitol. For details please call 704 362
1060.
Washington, DC
Tours
Planning a Spring Break trip to DC? Contact Congressman Pittenger's
office
now
to request a White House tour, schedule a
U.S. Capitol tour, and for other helpful travel tips. Click
here
for more information or call Congressman
Pittenger's Washington, DC office at
202-225-1976.
CONGRESSMAN PITTENGER APPOINTED VICE-CHAIR OF BIPARTISAN TASK FORCE
TO INVESTIGATE TERRORISM
FINANCING
Last week,
the House Committee on Financial Services
approved the Bipartisan
Task Force to Investigate Terrorism Financing, for which I will serve
as Vice Chairman.
Just like a business,
terrorist organizations need money to finance their operations.
By targeting their illicit funding in the global financial system, we
can deal a new and important blow to their operations. America
remains the primary target of radical Islamist jihadists, who seek to
destroy our way of life and the freedoms we cherish.
We must do all we
can to mitigate that threat.
Click here to read more on the Task
Force.
Fellow members of
the Bipartisan Task Force to Investigate Terrorism Financing include
Congressman Mike Fitzpatrick (R-PA, Chairman), Congressman Peter King
(R-NY), Congressman Steve Stivers (R-OH), Congressman Dennis Ross
(R-FL), Congresswoman Ann Wagner (R-MO), Congressman Andy Barr (R-KY),
Congressman Keith Rothfus (R-PA), Congressman David Schweikert (R-AZ),
Congressman Robert Dold (R-IL), Congressman Bruce Poliquin (R-ME),
Congressman French Hill (R-AR), Congressman Stephen Lynch (D-MA, Ranking
Member), Congressman Brad Sherman (D-CA), Congressman Gregory Meeks
(D-NY), Congressman Al Green (D-TX), Congressman Keith Ellison (D-MN),
Congressman Jim Himes (D-CT), Congressman Bill Foster (D-IL), Congressman
Daniel Kildee (D-MI), and Congresswoman Kyrsten Sinema
(D-AZ).
Charlotte
Office
2701 Coltsgate Rd., Suite 105
Charlotte, NC
28211
Phone: (704) 3621060
Hours: 8:30-5:30 PM
(M-F)
Mooresville Office
116 Morlake Dr, Suite
101A
Mooresville,NC 28117
Phone: (704) 6968188
Hours: 8:30-5:30 PM
(M-F)
Please call ahead to ensure staff availability
Washington D.C.
Office
224 Cannon HOB
Washington, DC
20515
Phone: (202) 2251976
Hours: 8:30-5:30 PM (M-F)
Unsubscribe
|
Update My
Profile
|
Privacy Policy
gateway mail end
