DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.0 Transitional//EN" "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml1/DTD/xhtml1-transitional.dtd"
District Update April 17, 2015
CLICK HERE
to see the pictures and graphics in this email.
Watch this week's dose
of common sense
HERE .
Lummis Targets IRS
Dear Friends,
This past week, with the dreaded April 15, was tax week.
This gave us in the U.S. House an opportunity to focus on restricting the IRS and passing some reforms of our obsolete tax code.
Two of the more important bills I voted for were
H.R. 622 :
the State and Local Sales Tax Deduction Fairness Act of 2015
and
H.R. 1105 :
the
Death Tax Repeal Act of 2015 .
The first of these, H.R. 622, would make the state and local sales tax deduction permanent to keep the field level for states like Wyoming that use a state sales tax instead of a state income tax.
The second bill, the Death Tax Repeal Act of 2015, repeals the tax that I think is devastating to families and family businesses, especially farms and ranches, as they are passed from generation to generation.
Oppressive tax rates are painful enough, but pile on the maze of red tape and IRS abuse and filing taxes is simply excruciating.
We need to simplify the tax code which is now over 70,000 pages long and relieve the tax burdens on American families wherever we can to grow jobs and our economy.
Additional legislation passed this week:
Clarifies that a duty of the Commissioner of Internal Revenue is to ensure that IRS employees are familiar with and act in accord with certain taxpayer rights.
Prohibits IRS officers and employees from using personal email accounts to conduct official business.
Permits the release of information regarding the status of certain investigations.
Provides for a right to an administrative appeal of tax-exempt status for certain organizations.
Please
share your thoughts and concerns
with me as we work for comprehensive tax reform.
Sincerely,
This mailbox is unattended. To respond please
click here
or go to:
http://lummis.house.gov/contact/
Join the conversation! Stay connected to me through
,
,
and
I look forward to hearing from you soon!
Newsletter Sign-Up
------------------------------------
Twitter
Facebook
Youtube
Tumblr
UPDATE SUBSCRIPTION OPTIONS
|
PRIVACY POLICY
|
CONTACT US
Click Here Click Here