
[if (gte mso 9)]>
<![endif]
Rep. Bob Goodlatte
FCC's Net Neutrality Rule Wrecks the Internet
The Internet is one
of the most dynamic and competitive marketplaces in existence. It has become a cornerstone of the American economy and culture. Because of this,
concerns about the future of an open and fair Internet, coined as &ldquo;net neutrality,&rdquo; have come to light. Net neutrality may seem like a
complex issue, but at the core the question is simple. Do you want more or less choice? Do you want more regulation governing the Internet? Overall,
we have achieved open access to the Internet through free enterprise and competition. Unfortunately, the Obama Administration does not
agree.
Earlier this year, the Federal Communications Commission (FCC) voted to
approve the &ldquo;Open Internet&rdquo; order &ndash; a new regulation to enforce net neutrality. The FCC&rsquo;s rule is the wrong direction for the
Internet. It relies on the false premise that regulation will result in increased competition. The Internet has transformed the economy and thrived
precisely because of an environment of limited regulation. Increasing regulation on the rapidly growing Internet would be a mistake and undermine the
intent of net neutrality, which is to maintain a free, open, and competitive Internet.
The order will undoubtedly
raise Internet service costs, discourage investment, slow broadband speeds, and reduce consumer choice. It&rsquo;s currently estimated that we will
see $11 billion in new taxes and fees.
Recently, I held a
hearing in the House Judiciary Committee
to examine the net
neutrality rule.
The Internet doesn&rsquo;t need an inflexible &ldquo;one-size-fits-all&rdquo; government mandate to ensure
net neutrality and consumers don&rsquo;t need the extra costs. The key to an open and free Internet lies in strong enforcement of our nation&rsquo;s
antitrust laws. These time-trusted laws allow for maximum flexibility and consistently demonstrate their ability to prevent anti-competitive conduct
in the marketplace. We should focus on using these laws to keep the Internet open and free, not regulations that will wreck it instead.
Read my full weekly column here.
Manufacturing is Key to the Local Economy
It was an honor to receive the National
Association of Manufacturers'
Award for
Manufacturing Legislative Excellence
this week at an event
hosted by Ball Corporation's Augusta County
plant. Manufacturers employ over 230,000 people in Virginia. Congress must help ensure that the United States is a nation in which manufacturing will
continue to thrive in order to create jobs, grow opportunity, and ensure a healthy economy. In the 114th Congress, we are already off to a good start
in advancing regulatory reform and common sense solutions for America&rsquo;s manufacturers and the families who depend on these businesses for
employment. The Sixth District is a prime candidate for many new manufacturing endeavors, and I will continue to promote a pro-growth, pro-jobs agenda
to help make that a reality.
Filing Your Taxes for
Free?
On Monday, I was in
Lynchburg for a briefing and demonstration of the Free File program, which allows eligible residents to file their state and federal taxes free of
charge. It's a great example of how the private sector, community organizations, and government all play a role in helping Virginia families save more
of their money during tax season. This program, provided without cost to the government, also takes the confusion out of tax preparation and keeps
money in the pockets of the people who need it most. Visit
http://taxprephelp.org
to learn more.
Dates to
Remember
April 22
- Deadline for all submissions to the
Congressional Art Competition.
Visit my website
for more
information.
April 27
- The City of Roanoke
will hold a Career, Lifestyle and Financial Fitness Fair in conjunction with my office as well as Congressman Morgan Griffith from 8:30 a.m. until 1
p.m., at the Berglund Center in the Special Events Hall located at 710 Williamson Rd.
As
many prepare to celebrate this season of
renewal and rebirth, may you
have a safe Easter weekend with family and friends. From my family to yours, Happy
Easter!
# # #
www.Goodlatte.House.Gov
This message was
generated from an unattended mailbox.
Should you have further questions, please visit the &quot; Contact Bob &quot;
section of my website or call my office at (202) 225-5431.
This message was intended for:
dj724530@gmail.com
You were added to the system November 2, 2013.
For more information
click here .
Update your preferences
Unsubscribe
|
Unsubscribe via email
