 Mail begin
If you are having trouble viewing this
message or would like to share it on a social network, you can
view the message online .
HOME
ABOUT ME
CONTACT ME
SERVING YOU
MEDIA
CENTER
OUR DISTRICT
RESOURCES
March 30, 2015
House Passes Fiscal Year 2016 Budget Resolution
Click
here to watch a YouTube video explaining the details of the budget
resolution.
The House of Representatives continues to
put forth bold solutions for Americas problems. On Wednesday, with
my support, the House passed
a budget resolution
that balances within ten years
without raising a single dime in taxes. This budget proves that the fiscal
responsibility and our countrys economic security are within
reach.
Budget Committee Chairman Tom Prices (R-GA) proposal reduces
projected spending by $5.5 trillion over the next ten years and limits
increases in government spending each year to 3.3% in order to balance our
budget. Compare that with the President's Budget Proposal that never
balances and runs our National Debt up to $27 trillion over the next
ten years, and the choice is clear - Chairman Price's budget is a
reasonable and modest approach to our debt
crisis.
The budget repeals the Presidents failed health care law, and
in its place promotes the freedom of choice, actual affordability,
and patient-centered health care solutions. It keeps the promise to our
seniors by strengthening Medicare and preserves the program for our
children through structural reforms. It rejects the notion that
Washington central planners know best and promotes innovation and flexibility
for Medicaid, nutrition assistance, and education by restoring power
back to the states.
In a world where the Islamic State is making
consistent gains across the Middle East and Vladimir Putin continues his quest
to restore the old Soviet Union, this budget ensures that our national
defense remains strong. It provides the funding that our troops
deserve for training, equipment, and compensation while putting a plan in
place to responsibly address spending caps under the
sequester.
Finally,
this budget cuts waste and eliminates redundancies and inefficiencies
found throughout the federal government. By reducing spending while
holding the line on taxes, it finally places us on a path of protecting
and respecting the hardworking taxpayers who have already sacrificed too
much for Washington to keep wasting their hard-earned dollars. As the
114th Congress continues, I look forward to working with my
colleagues on the Appropriations Committee to pass responsible legislation that
follows this path.
House Passes Medicare Reform to
Stop Reimbursement Cuts for Doctors
Click here to read
Congressman Yoder's post on Medium.
Last
week, the House of Representatives passed
HR 2 - Medicare Access and CHIP Reauthorization
Act , bipartisan legislation that repeals the Sustainable Growth Rate
(SGR) and strengthens Medicare through needed reform, by a vote of
39237.
For some background, the
SGR formula is a cap on spending approved by Congress in 1997 that
attempted to reduce Medicare payments for physician services. However, as
health care costs grew faster than the economy, the law threatened real
harm to doctors ability to serve Medicare patients. In 2003,
Congress began passing doc fix bills
17 in all
to stave off those
cuts.
The passage of H.R. 2 is a
milestone achievement for the 114th Congress. For years, we have passed
these short-term doc fixes that have prevented severe cuts to Medicare
reimbursement rates for doctors, but have also kicked the can down the
road. A bipartisan majority voted to permanently address the problem
by passing a bill that provides better health care for seniors and
real savings for the taxpayers. The new formula rewards physicians that
meet quality and value standards and returns stability to Medicare
physician payments.
Perhaps more
importantly, with the passage of this bill we are seeing the first
meaningful entitlement reform in decades. The CBO estimates that these two
reforms
which amount to asking higher-income seniors to pay a little
more for their premiums for Parts B and D and encouraging Medigap
beneficiaries to think more like consumers when making their health care
decisions
will save
taxpayers $230 billion in the second decade
after the
enactment of this legislation alone.
I
commend my colleagues on the other side of the aisle for agreeing to
these structural reforms that we know will reduce costs and put
Medicare on a more sound footing. These changes will hopefully set the stage
for further reforms that will both keep our promise to seniors and
preserve these programs for future generations.
Financial Services Subcommittee Hearing on Net Neutrality
Click here to watch a YouTube video of Congressman Yoder's line of
questioning at the hearing.
The internet
has been a source of innovation and investment because it has been free
and open.
Now government regulators at the FCC have enacted new
provisions to put regulators in charge of some of the decisions
related to what internet service providers can charge companies who use
their services, in a provision called Net
Neutrality.
In order to enact Net Neutrality, the FCC voted to
designate internet service providers as "common carriers" to begin
treating them like regulated utilities, similar to telephone companies of
the past century. This gives the FCC broad sweeping powers to control
the internet and it means many potential new taxes and fees are coming
your way. From automatic universal service fund fees, to potential
local, state, and federal taxes, our internet bills will be going up
because of this new rule.
Last week,
I questioned FCC Chairman Tom Wheeler and Commissioner - and fellow
Kansan - Ajit Pai about the danger of the FCC expanding its authority
granted in this proposal through its own rule making process in the
future and the new taxes and fees that might be associated with
it.
Click here to read the
Washington Post
Fact Checker's article about Congressman Yoder's line of questioning at
the hearing.
During the
questioning, Commissioner Pai cited a study that estimated the cost
could run as high as $11 billion, to which Chairman Wheeler shook his
head and claimed that the
Washington Post
had rated the claim
as false.
Fortunately, the
Post
Fact Checker issued this clarification the following
day. The estimated $11 billion figure cited by Commissioner Pai was
indeed accurate.
Fifth Anniversary of Obamacare
Passage
Last week marked the fifth anniversary of
President Obama signing the Affordable Care Act into law. Since then,
the federal government has spent a staggering
$42 billion in regulatory costs
and
more than
$1.5 billion on
the healthcare.gov debacle
alone. Meanwhile, plan premium
prices continue to increase, Medicare Advantage registrants have seen a
$1,300 cut in
benefits , and the latest Fox News poll says that 58% of America
disapproves of the health care law.
It was
a reminder that fully repealing and replacing this failed law must
remain the goal. Americans deserve a health care system that is
patient-centered and market-oriented, which is why I will continue to work
with my colleagues in the House of Representatives to achieve that
goal.
Overland Park Town Hall Forum
This Wednesday , April 1, I will be holding a Town
Hall Forum in Overland Park to hear from constituents and discuss the
issues that are affecting the Third District. I encourage you to attend
and share your thoughts with
me.
10:00 AM to 11:00 AM on April
1
Tomahawk Ridge Community Center
11902 Lowell Avenue
Overland Park, KS 66213
Visit from Head Start
Parents
Congressman Yoder
with Head Start parents from around Kansas.
Last
Wednesday, I met with parents of Head Start students throughout Kansas.
We discussed the life-changing impact that the program has on their
children's futures and the importance of maintaining its
funding.
Earlier this year, I was proud to be one of
nine members of Congress to receive the
National Head Start Association's Head Start PROMISE
Award
recognizing my efforts to support for the Head Start
program in Congress that has kept the program strong over the last 50
years. I look forward to working with my colleagues in the House to
ensure it remains strong for another 50.
Sue Rippe Inducted into National
Teacher Hall of Fame
Click here to watch a video about Ms. Rippe
on Olathe Northwest's website.
Congratulations
to biology teacher Sue Rippe of Olathe Northwest High School on her
induction to the National Teacher Hall of Fame last Friday. Knowing that
this honor is bestowed on only five teachers out of more than seven
million across the country every year, we are so fortunate to have Ms.
Rippe here in Olathe.
Congressman Yoder with Olathe School
Superintendent Dr. Marlin Berry, Olathe Mayor Michael Copeland, his wife
Maria.
It was a privilege to stop by Olathe Northwest on such an important
occasion, and I also enjoyed visiting with Olathe School Superintendent
Dr. Marlin Berry, Olathe Mayor Michael Copeland, and his wife
Maria.
Fact of the Week
The
cumulative cost of the 17 "doc fix" patches to prevent the Sustainable
Growth Rate (SGR) cuts from going into effect since 2003 is now over
$169.5 billion
-- more than the cost of a permanent fix.
Legislative
Look Ahead
The House of Representative will not be in
session next week.
Weekly Legislative Wrap
Up
MONDAY, MARCH 23RD
H.R. 233
Tenant Income Verification Relief Act
PASSED BY VOICE VOTE
(YES)
H. Res. 53
"Condemning the
cowardly attack on innocent men, women, and children in the
northeastern Nigerian town of Baga."
ADOPTED BY VOICE
(YES)
H.R.
360
Native American Housing Assistance and Self-Determination
Reauthorization Act
PASSED 297
98
(YES)
H. Res.
162
"Calling on the President to provide Ukraine with military
assistance to defend its sovereignty and territorial integrity."
ADOPTED 348
48
(YES)
TUESDAY, MARCH
24TH
H.R. 216
Department of
Veterans Affairs Budget Planning Reform Act
PASSED 420
0
(YES)
H.R. 1092
"To designate the Federal building
located at 2030 Southwest 145th Avenue in Miramar, Florida, as the
"Benjamin P. Grogan and Jerry L. Dove Federal Bureau of Investigation
Miami Field Office"."
PASSED BY VOICE
VOTE
WEDNESDAY, MARCH
25TH
Amendments to H. Con. Res.
27:
Ellison (D-MN), Grijalva
(D-AZ), Pocan (D-WI), Lee (D-CA), Schakowsky (D-IL), Conyers (D-MI), and
McDermott (D-WA)/Congressional Progressive Caucus Substitute
Amendment
REJECTED 120
306
(NO)
Stutzman (R-IN) and Flores (R-TX)/Republican
Study Committee (RSC) Substitute Amendment
REJECTED 132
294
(YES)
Van Hollen
(D-MD)/Democratic Caucus Substitute Amendment
REJECTED 160
264
(NO)
Price (R-GA)
Substitute Amendment
REJECTED 105
319
(YES)
Price (R-GA) Substitute Amendment
ADOPTED 219
208
(YES)
H. Con. Res. 27
"Establishing the budget for the United States Government for fiscal
year 2016 and setting forth appropriate budgetary levels for fiscal
years 2017 through 2025."
ADOPTED 228
199
(YES)
THURSDAY, MARCH
26TH
H.R. 2
Medicare Access and CHIP Reauthorization Act
PASSED 392
37
(YES)
Staff Community Office Hours
My staff can assist you
from 8:00 AM - 5:00 PM, Monday through Friday in my Overland Park
Office. They can help with any issues or concerns, as well as to provide
assistance with federal agencies and programs, including Veterans'
Affairs, Medicare, Social Security, Passports, and
Visas.
Also, we periodically have Staff Community Office
Hours throughout the district. If you are unable to visit my office,
please consider coming to the following location if it is more convenient
for you:
3:30 PM - 5:00 PM on
April 29
Blue Valley Library
9000 W. 151st
Street
Overland Park, Kansas 66221
Tell a
Friend
E-mail:
E-mail:
E-mail:
Please click below to follow me on Twitter, Facebook, Instagram, Medium
and YouTube.
Washington,
DC
215 Cannon HOB
Washington, DC 20515
Phone: (202)
225-2865
Hours: Monday-Friday
9:00AM -6:00PM EST
Overland Park
7325 W. 79th St.
Overland
Park, KS 66204
Phone: (913) 621-0832
Fax: (913)
621-1533
Hours: Monday-Friday
8:00AM -5:00PM CST
Unsubscribe
|
Update My
Profile
|
Privacy Policy
gateway
mail end 