
Around the Capitol
Putting the Super in Supervisor
Last week I had the honor of meeting with my mentor, the legendary Los Angeles Country Supervisor Michael Antonovich. We talked about how we can work together on local issues such as CEMEX and Bouquet Canyon.
Supervisor Antonovich speaking with Rep. Knight
in Washington, DC
First Knight Bill Passed
Im proud to announce that my first bill, the Small Business Joint Venturing Act, is headed to the House Floor for a vote very soon. On Wednesday the House Armed Services Committee amended the National Defense Authorization Act (NDAA) for 2016 to include my amendment, which would give small businesses a better chance to compete for federal contracts by allowing them to form joint ventures and work together while maintaining their small business status.
Rep. Knight in House Armed Services Committee
Markup, adding HR 1390 to the National Defense
Authorization Act
Cemex Letter
On Tuesday, I sent a letter to Department of Interior Deputy Secretary Michael Conner urging him to take action in the immediate future to prevent a large mining project in Soledad Canyon. Preventing Cemex from mining in Soledad Canyon is a long-standing and complicated issue, and I Resolving it wont happen overnight;however, time is running out and we must act now to ensure a solution. To see the letter,
click here .
Rep. Knight sealing a letter to to the Bureau of
Land Management urging them to prevent the
CEMEX mine in Soledad Canyon
Around the District
Art Competition Reception
Congratulations to Alex Farrell for winning the California 25th District Congressional Art Competition! Thank you to all the high school students who participated and to everyone who made it out to the Congressional Art Competition Reception in Valencia on April 29th. Seeing so many creative and talented young people gives me great hope for Americas future.
The judges for the 2015 Congressional Art
Competition at the Reception at Fastframe Valencia
MS Walk in the Park
On Friday afternoon I spoke at The Walk to End MS in Lancaster. It was a fantastic event for a great cause.
Rep. Knight Speaking at the
MS Walk in Lancaster.
Invested in Small Business
Last Monday, I met with local members of the Small Business Investment Alliance at my Antelope Valley Office. We discussed small businesses in our community and what Congress can do to help them grow.
Members of the Small Business Investment Alliance
with Rep. Knight
St. Rose of Lima
I had the pleasure of attending The St. Rose of Lima 50th Anniversary Gala at the Reagan Library in Simi Valley. Here I am with Father Joe and Principal Sanders, two amazing men who continue to make invaluable contributions to their community.
Father Joe, Principal Sanders, and Rep
Knight at The St. Rose of Lima 50th
Anniversary Gala
Simi Chamber Legislative Breakfast
Dont forget, the last day to RSVP for the Simi Chamber Legislative Breakfast is May 1. I will be there to discuss local and national issues and answer questions from members of the community. Sign up
here .
Around the Corner
2015 SCV Man and Woman of the Year Award
Friday, May 1, 6-9pm
Hyatt Regency, 24500 Town Center Drive, Valencia
For more information visit:
http://www.scvmanandwomanoftheyear.com/
Simi Valley Chamber of Commerce Legislative Breakfast with Congressman Knight
Wednesday, May 6, 8-9:30am
Wood Ranch Golf Club, 301 Wood Ranch Parkway, Simi Valley
For more information call: (805) 526-3900
Drug Free Youth in Town Year End Celebration
Monday, May 4,
6pm
Santa Clarita Activities Center, 20880 Centre Pointe Parkway
For more information visit
dfyitscv.com .
Simi Valley Street Fair
Saturday, May 9, 9am-5pm
3200 Cochran St, Simi Valley
For more information visit:
http://www.simivalleychamber.org/about-chamber/programs/simi-valley-street-fair
Stamp Out Hunger Food Drive
Saturday, May 9, All day
Your mailbox!
For more information, please visit:
http://www.nalc.org/community-service/food-drive
The Johnsons Smooth Jazz Festival
Saturday, May 9, Gates open at 1pm
43063 10th St W, Lancaster
For more information visit:
https://www.myticketportal.com/eventperformances.asp?evt=844
WEBSITE
|
UNSUBSCRIBE
|
CONTACT
Click Here Click Here