
Rick's weekly report
to sign up click
here
Friend,
This week the House passed the first 10-year
balanced
budget agreement between the House and Senate since 2001.
The nonpartisan Congressional Budget Office projected this plan will generate $400 billion in economic growth and create 1.2 million new jobs over the next 10 years. It reins in spending, saves more than $5 trillion, repeals ObamaCare, provides a strong national defense, and protects Medicare, all without raising taxes.
With a budget that finally balances, we are telling Washington it must live within its means. I was pleased to support this plan to set fiscally responsible priorities and make the federal government more accountable to the American people.
Learn more about this balanced budget plan here.
Also this week, the House started the appropriations process at the earliest point since 1974.
On Thursday, we passed the Military Construction and Veterans Affairs Appropriations Bill
providing critical funding to support those who serve our nation and to honor our commitments to our veterans.
We also approved the Energy and Water Appropriations Bill for the next fiscal year , which invests in America's infrastructure, strengthens our nuclear national security, and prohibits implementation of EPA's harmful "Waters of the U.S." rule.
It was great meeting with a number of different groups this week to discuss issues important to Georgians. Thank you to the Georgia Farm Bureau, Georgia Dental Association, Concerned Veterans for America and the Georgia Orthopaedic Society for stopping by my office in Washington. I also enjoyed visiting with a group of Camp Sunshine participants from Georgia. The stories of these courageous young people are so inspiring.
Congressman Allen meets with members of the Georgia Farm Bureau
(top) and Georgia Dental Association (bottom).
Congressman Allen meets with Concerned Veterans for America.
Top: Congressman Allen stands on the Senate steps for a picture with a group from Camp Sunshine along with other members of the Georgia delegation.
Bottom: Congressman Allen meets with members of the Georgia Orthopaedic Society.
Finally, I was proud the House acted this week to protect religious freedom enshrined in our Constitution.
The District of Columbia Council recently passed a law that could require religious or pro-life employers to hire individuals that disagree with their mission, or provide coverage for abortion in their health care plans even though it conflicts with their beliefs. This is unacceptable government overreach that violates the First Amendment. I was proud to support a resolution the House passed to overturn D.C.'s law and stand up for the constitutional right to religious freedom.
Next week, I look forward to working in the 12th district and speaking with Georgians about these efforts and ways we can continue working to move our country forward.
Sincerely,
Rick Allen
Member of Congress
WEBSITE
|
UNSUBSCRIBE
|
CONTACT
Click Here Click Here