
If you are having trouble
viewing this message or would like to share it on a social network, you
can
view the message
online .
May 05, 2015
Unsubscribe
Update My
Profile
Website
|
About Doug
|
District Map
|
Constituent
Services
|
Issues &amp; Legislation
|
News
|
Contact |
Dear Friend,
After another busy week in Washington, the House Armed Services
Committee completed its work on the 2016 National Defense Authorization
Act and the full House voted on Appropriations bills for the VA and
military construction, as well as for energy and water programs. The
House also voted to pass the conservative budget put together by the
House and the Senate.
Important social issues were also part of the debate last week as I
worked in the House to preserve religious freedom for the citizens of
Washington DC and weighed in on the marriage debate that took place in
the Supreme Court.
Please let me know if you require any assistance with a federal
government agency by contacting my local office at (719)
520-0055.
I am honored to serve as
your Representative in
Washington.
Sincerely,
A
point-of-view shot from the 18.5 hour NDAA markup session
2016 NDAA
On Wednesday, May 29th, I took part in an eighteen and a half
hour mark-up amendment session for the FY2016 National Defense
Authorization Act in the House Armed Services Committee. I had 14 amendments
adopted into the final language of the bill, in addition to work on
the underlying language in the bill and amendments in subcommittee. The
bill now moves to the floor of the House for a final passage vote in
the near future and the opportunity to add more amendments to the
legislation. My proposed amendments and efforts on the language of the
bill itself are vital to the security of our nation and build on and
support our important alliances and partnerships in an increasingly
dangerous
world.
Congressman
Lamborn 2016 NDAA Amendments &amp;
Initiatives
Worked in the House Armed Services Committee to add $6 million to the
Army Reserve budget in the National Defense Authorization Act for the
new cybersecurity partnership program. The University of Colorado
Colorado Springs and five other nationally recognized universities have
partnered with the U.S. Army Reserve to create the new Cybersecurity
Public Private Partnership program (Cyber P3). The $6 million secured by
Congressman Lamborn provides full funding for this program in its
inaugural year of operation. It is fantastic news for an innovative and
forward thinking local project to be recognized at the national
level. I was at the kick-off for this program back in February and am
extremely impressed with the Cyber P3 program. When we look over the
horizon and see the upcoming projected shortfalls of experienced cyber
security professionals, it is heartening to know that two top flight
organizations will be partnering to help address this pressing problem
facing our national security. Thank you to UCCS Senior Vice Chancellor
Martin Wood and retired Army Lieutenant General Ed Anderson for their hard
work and dedication to this vitally important
effort.
Partnered with Congresswoman Gwen Graham (FL-02) on an amendment authorizing
research and development of an anti-tunneling defense system with
Israel to protect from terrorist attacks and border incursions. The
amendment, which combines language from H.R. 1349 and H.R. 1649, is similar
to the 2011 legislative authorization for the highly successful Iron
Dome Anti-Missile Defense System, which has stopped more than 1,200
rockets from hitting Israel. The bipartisan legislation is endorsed by
AIPAC, the American Israel Public Affairs Committee. In addition to
helping Israel secure its borders, the anti-tunneling defense technology
discovered in this joint project could also be used to protect American
military bases and our nations borders with Mexico and
Canada.
Added an amendment requiring the
Secretary of Defense to submit a report to Congress on Turkeys fight
against terrorism, including foreign fighter flow and their harboring of
Hamas.
Added a provision in the Iran Military Power Report
looking at the transfer of Russian military technology to Iran, including
the S-300 anti-aircraft missile
system.
Added an amendment
requiring the Secretary of Defense to submit a report to Congress on
the military posture required in the Middle East to deter Iran from
developing a nuclear
weapon.
Added amendments expressing the
Sense of Congress regarding the American ability to assure the use of
space and to ensure a strong missile defense system and space sensor
network.
Added an amendment directing an assessment of the
industrial base of the directed energy
field.
Added an
amendment directing the Department of Defense to review the small business
implications of using the OASIS contract
vehicle.
Added an
amendment directing the GAO to review the prevalence of cancelled contract
solicitations and the wasted investment resulting from cancelled
solicitations.
Please click
HERE
to watch me add the
anti-tunneling amendment to the NDAA
HOLDING PRESIDENT OBAMA
ACCOUNTABLE
Last week, I had an op-ed
published in the
Daily Signal,
a conservative publication of
the Heritage
Foundation .
Obamas Made Some Bad Deals. Why He Should
Stop Sidelining Congress
I have some bad news for Americans and our allies around the
world: President Obama is quite good at making bad deals, particularly
with dangerous regimes and
groups.
The nuclear negotiations with Iran
are but the most recent example. A nuclear framework agreement has
been reached, but the latest deal coming out of Switzerland is
dangerous on two fronts. First, it doesnt protect Americas interests or
protect Israel, our strongest strategic ally in the region. Second, the
agreement doesnt meaningfully restrict the extremist Iranian regime
from expanding its nuclear
program.
An example also can be found in 2014,
when President Obama traded five hardened terrorists imprisoned in
Guantanamo Bay for the release of Sgt. Bowe Bergdahl, who had been
held captive by the Taliban for five years. What makes this deal
particularly disturbing, aside from the president even entertaining the idea
of freeing dangerous enemies of America, is Bergdahl already was
suspected of desertion. In essence, we swapped five terrorists for one
suspected deserter. Thats not a good deal. To add insult to injury, at
least one terrorist involved in the swap is believed to already have
rejoined the Talibans fighting
forces.
What do these two bad deals say
about this administration? There are striking parallels that should be
pointed
out.
Both bad deals relegated Congress to the sidelines when
it should have been instrumental in helping make decisions in these
matters. In the case of Bergdahl, the president conducted the swap
without seeking consultation from Congress, even though U.S. law
explicitly requires the president and his administration to notify Congress 30
days before it transfers any prisoners from Guantanamo Bay. This
failure to notify was no accident; it was the president deliberately
flouting the law of the
land.
In the case of the Iran nuclear talks, once
again Congress was left in the dark and presented with a situation
where the president was unilaterally making decisions. The president
placed more faith in the despotic leaders of Iran than in the process
established by our Constitution and the democratically elected members of
Congress. This is a slap in the face of Congress and the people we
represent.
In both situations, the president downplayed the questionable
aspects of the deals but exaggerated facts to make the deals sound
better than they were. He made grandiose claims about Irans good deeds in
the nuclear talks but ignored the blatant threats the Iranian regime
has made toward the United States and Israel. He argued the Taliban
terrorists released in the Bergdahl deal werent a threat to American
lives. This was, to say the least, extremely
nave.
It seems clear the
president acted as he did because he knew his actions in both
situations would not be tolerated by Congress. As is customary with President
Obama, when he knows he has a tough sell to the American people and
Congress, he creates ways to maneuver around even the constitutional
barriers to push forward his
agenda.
It is clear President Obama doesnt
want to work with Congress because we may thwart his plans. Instead of
working within the reasonable limits established by the Constitution
and trusting that good policy will win in the end, President Obama
repeatedly has shown a willingness to play fast and loose with the truth
to achieve his policy goals. This is wrong and
dangerous.
Ultimately,
we want to be able to trust our president, to trust he will make the
right decisions for our country, our safety and our strategic allies. We
dont want our country to be shortchanged. Poor decisions such as
these place our country and our troops in danger. And the question must
be asked: What would stop our enemies from capturing more soldiers (and
potentially even civilians) to trade for other terrorists in
Guantanamo Bay?
The president is willing to trade known terrorists for a
suspected deserter. This leads to a crisis of trust. If we cant trust
President Obama to make the right decision regarding the Bergdahl
situation, can we trust him to make the right decision on Iran? Sadly, the
answer appears to be a resounding
no.
VOTING FOR OUR
VETERANS
I supported H.R.
2029, the Military Construction and Veterans Affairs and Related
Agencies Appropriations Act. This legislation increases funding for our
veterans by 5.6%, in addition to the $15 billion appropriated last
summer to fund legislation designed to decrease veteran wait times. This
legislation is a win for our veterans. It boosts funding by over five
percent, mandates accelerations to VA claims processing, requires a
VA-DOD electronic health record, and keeps Congressional attention focused
on the VA Department.
SUPPORTING ENERGY AND NATIONAL SECURITY
GOALS
I supported H.R.
2028, the FY 2016 Energy and Water Appropriations Bill. This
legislation ensures the safety of our nuclear stockpile, provides adequate
funding to the Army Corps of Engineers for critical infrastructure
projects, cuts bureaucratic red tape, moves us further toward the goal of
energy independence, and prohibits the implementation of the EPA's
"Waters of the U.S." rule.
I was also able to insert an
amendment strengthening the U.S.-Israel Energy Cooperation Program. This
critical program allows companies across the U.S. to develop cutting-edge
technologies with new partners in Israel in order to advance Americas
energy goals.
Furthermore, the U.S.-Israel Energy Cooperative
Agreement facilitates greater cooperation and sharing of knowledge
between American and Israeli universities on traditional and alternative
energy.
H.R. 2028 is a comprehensive piece of
legislation that accomplishes many critical national security and
energy goals, all while cutting over 600 million dollars from the
President's budget request. Two features of this bill are extremely important
to me. First, the efforts made to increase the safety and reliability
of our nuclear weapons security programs are absolutely essential to
our national defense. Second, prohibiting the out-of-control regulatory
mindset at the EPA by stopping "Waters of the U.S." sends a message
to the American people that we are not going to let belligerent
bureaucrats ruin their ability to run their businesses and live their lives
without micromanagement from Washington
DC.
Please click
HERE
to watch my Floor Speech on the U.S.-Israel Energy
Cooperation Program
FIGHTING FOR RELGIOUS FREEDOM AND TRADITIONAL
MARRIAGE
I joined a
bipartisan vote in support of House Joint Resolution 43, a resolution
disapproving of the District of Columbias so-called
Reproductive
Health Non-Discrimination Act (RHNDA).
This discriminatory
act violates the basic freedom of religious and secular organizations
to operate according to their sincerely held beliefs. H.J. Res. 43
recognizes these serious problems and outlines Congress disapproval of
such intrusions on the ability of entities to operate in accordance
with their moral or religious beliefs. Congress has constitutional
authority over all D.C. laws and is acting to stop the D.C. Councils
blatant disregard of basic constitutional rights.
Please click
HERE
to see me support Religious Freedom on the House
Floor
Background information from the Republican Study
Committee
H.J.
Res. 43 is a response to the Districts Reproductive Health
Non-Discrimination Amendment Act (RHNDA), which requires employers to provide
health insurance covering the termination of unborn children and to hire
individuals who may advocate for those practices, even if that goes
against the employers religious beliefs.
Text of
Congressman Lamborn's Floor
Speech
Mr. Speaker, I rise today
in support of House Joint Resolution 43, which will stop the
implementation of the Reproductive Health and Nondiscrimination Act within the
District of Colombia. All Americans should have the freedom to live
and work according to their religious and moral convictions without fear
of the government punishing them for doing
so.
This bill, passed by the D.C. City Council,
discriminates against religious and pro-life advocacy groups in the
District of Colombia and is a clear violation of their First Amendment
freedoms.
Under this discriminatory act, these organizations would be
forced to make employment decisions contrary to their deeply held
beliefs about the sanctity of human life, and would further require them
to provide abortion coverage for their employees.
This law
represents a flagrant disregard for the conscience rights of all D.C.
employers and must be stopped. Mr. Speaker, I urge my fellow Members of the
House to vote Yes on this important resolution of disapproval.
Last week, the Supreme Court heard oral arguments
in
Obergefell v. Hodges , the case determining whether the
Constitution requires the states to redefine marriage to include same-sex
couples. There is nothing in our Constitution that prohibits a state
from retaining the time-honored definition of marriage as a union
between one man and one woman, and the debate about the importance and
public purpose of marriage should be left to the states.
The
Supreme Court does not have the authority to redefine marriage for the
states, and I am hopeful the Supreme Court will respect the democratic
process.
STANDING WITH
ISRAEL
Recently, I
served as
the first guest on former Knesset Member Dov
Lipman's inaugural broadcast of the Voice of Israel radio program.
Congressman Lamborn stressed the importance of maintaining a strong and
enduring relationship between the United States and
Israel.
Please click
HERE
to listen to the
interview
SCENES FROM WASHINGTON
DC
I appreciated meeting with BLM Colorado State Director Ruth Welch and
Associate Director Greg Shoop. We discussed increasing public access
to public lands.
Pleasure meeting with members of the
Colorado Dental Association. We discussed oral health issues, including
access-to-dental care and issues affecting the dental
business.
I enjoyed meeting with
experts and seeing the exhibits being showcased this week by the
Directed Energy Professional Society. As the co-chair of the Directed
Energy Caucus, I have served as a co-host for the event this
week.
I enjoyed meeting with Frank Crocker and his
Colorado team from Concerned Veterans for America. We discussed their
Fixing Veterans Health Care task force and other legislative
priorities.
Interesting Articles and Recommended
Reading
Armed Services Approves US-Israeli Anti-Tunneling
Effort
by The Hill **article features Congressman
Lamborn**
Unlikely Partnership Threatens Spending
Bills
by Politico **article features Congressman Lamborn**
Putting Congress
in Charge on Trade
by Congressman Paul Ryan and Senator Ted
Cruz
The Alinsky Way of Governing
by Pete
Peterson
Social Media
Update
If you would
like to follow me on twitter please find me at
@RepDLamborn
On
my
Facebook
this week constituents commented on my anti-tunneling
amendment to the NDAA
Roy
Russell
-
Thank you for standing with
the Jewish people against evil.
Ory
Sandel
-
Thank
you!
CONTACT
INFORMATION
WASHINGTON OFFICE
2402 Rayburn HOB |
Washington, DC 20515
Phone: (202) 225-4422
Fax: (202) 226-2638
DISTRICT
OFFICES 1125 Kelly Johnson Blvd., Suite 330
Colorado
Springs, CO 80920
Phone: (719) 520-0055 |
Fax:
(719) 520-0840
DISTRICT OFFICES
415 Main Street |
Buena Vista, CO 81211
Phone: (719) 520-0055 |
Fax: (719) 520-0840
Update My Profile
-
Unsubscribe
-
Privacy Policy
