
If you are having trouble viewing this
message or would like to share it on a social network, you can
view the message online .
May 01, 2015
Update My
Profile
A MESSAGE FROM CONGRESSMAN STENY H.
HOYER
Each year, we recognize May as National
Military Appreciation Month to say thank you to our brave men and
women in uniform and their families for their service to our nation. Im
proud that the Fifth District is home to world-class military
installations, including Indian Head, Pax River, Webster Field, and there are
other outstanding facilities across the state of Maryland that play an
important role in our countrys national security. I have been a
longtime supporter of these military installations and the men and women
they employ, and I will continue to advocate for their continued
growth.
I recently had the opportunity to meet with the commander
of Naval Air Systems Command at Naval Air Station Patuxent River and
the management team at Webster Field to discuss their priorities and
opportunities for future growth. I am committed to supporting their
efforts and ensuring that our service members and troops have the
resources and policies in place to succeed in their missions.
As
we observe this month, I look forward to continuing my work with my
colleagues to make certain that our service members and their families,
who also sacrifice a great deal for our nation, receive the recognition
and care they deserve for their service.
As always, thank
you for allowing me to share this update with you, and please continue
to share your concerns and insights with me by contacting my office
or connecting with me on
Facebook ,
Twitter , or
YouTube .
With warmest regards, I am
Sincerely yours,
Steny H. Hoyer
Update My Profile
Unsubscribe
|
Privacy Policy
This is an official e-mail from Congressman Steny Hoyer. You have
received this e-mail because you subscribed to
Congressman Hoyer 's
E-Newsletter, authorizing Rep. Hoyer to
send periodic updates to your
e-mail address.
We are committed to protecting your privacy, so
your e-mail address will NEVER be sold or exchanged.
If you would like
to unsubscribe from this
newsletter, please reply to this message with
"Unsubscribe"
in the subject line.
