
Addressing Our Nation's Cybersecurity Needs
In the wake of both the Sony and Target hacks last year, as well as other high profile hacks
including some against the federal government, it is clear that the United States has a cybersecurity problem. Cybersecurity hacks present a unique threat in that these hacks target our finances and can happen to even the most careful consumer.
It is estimated that $445 billion is lost world-wide each year due to cybersecurity hacks.
Last week the House passed two cybersecurity bills aimed at bolstering cybersecurity and protecting consumer privacy and civil liberties.
H.R. 1560 , the
Protecting Cyber Networks Act , allows private companies to
voluntarily
share cyber threat indicators with each other and with the federal government. By sharing this information, the federal government will be better able to protect Americans against future foreign threats.
In addition, the second cybersecurity bill,
H.R. 1731 , the
National Cybersecurity Protection Advancement Act , helps ensure that the sharing of cyber threats, whether it is between private companies-or with the federal government, is both
timely and transparent . Under this legislation, companies that voluntarily share cyber threat information with the federal government are awarded liability protections and provides companies the incentives to develop defensive measures against cyber threats.
One of the biggest concerns I have regarding these pieces of legislation was is about the possible abuse of this data by the federal government in the same way we saw with the National Security Agency (NSA) and the bulk collection of data.
Both pieces of legislation require private companies to scrub and remove all personal information before sharing cyber threat information with the government. Additionally, the federal government will also be required to scrub and remove personally identifiable information. The final version of this bill that passed the House has a 7 year sunset provision so Congress can revisit the law if it is being abused by the government or private firms.
Working to Complete I-69
Last week, the I-69 Alliance made a trip to Washington D.C. As the Chair of the I-69 Caucus,
the goal of our bipartisan group is to educate Congress about the important role that I-69 has moving people and as a freight corridor. The caucus also advocates for projects relating to the roadway itself.
I-69 spans several states including Texas, Louisiana Mississippi, Tennessee, Kentucky, Indiana, and Michigan all share a piece of highway.
During the visit, I was recognized by the Alliance for I-69 Texas for my work as a transportation leader and as an advocate for South Texas infrastructure. The full text of the I-69 Alliance's resolution can be found
here .
I currently am working on legislation,
H.R. 301 , the 44 to 69 Act, which would
make Texas State Highway 44 from US Route 59 to State Highway 358 part of the high priority Lower Rio Grande Valley Corridor of the National Highway System.
With Texas energy boom in full swing, the fastest growing economy in the nation, increased trade with Mexico, and the upcoming completion of the Panama Canal expansion project, we will need a strong infrastructure to facilitate the movement of people, freight, and equipment, and I am working hard to expand infrastructure opportunities in South Texas.
IMPORTANT: Location Change for my Veterans Town Hall Event
In last weeks newsletter, I announced my upcoming Veterans Town Hall event and I wanted to provide an update on the location of the event.
The event has been moved from the Del Mar College Economic Development Center to the American Legion Hall Post 364 at 5323 Kostoryz Road in Corpus Christi.
I am asking local veterans about their experiences with the Department of Veterans Affairs, listening to their concerns about all veterans issues, and will share what I have been working on in Washington with respect to those issues.
My team of red-tape cutters will be at the American Legion Hall to assist veterans in dealing with any problems they may be facing with the government. A staff member from the House Veterans Affairs Committee will also be in attendance to listen and interact with veterans at the event.
It is unfortunate that
the vast majority of problems that my red-tape cutters fix are with the Veterans Affairs Administration.
I find it outrageous that our veterans need to come to their Congressman to get help with the VA. After seeing the VA bureaucracy at work with the slow implementation of the veterans programs signed into law last summer, I know there is still a lot of work to be done improving the system.
If you or a veteran you know has any questions regarding the VA or need any assistance with your benefits, I hope you will spread the word and will come join me and my staff at this event.
@ HouseAppropsGOP
subcommittee just approved $85 million in funds for
@ CCADPAO . Read my release
-
http:// 1.usa.gov/1DjlOrq
22 Apr 2015
Corpus Christian Scott Melbye testifies to
@ gopoversight
with DOE and GAO officials on gvmt sale of excess uranium
22 Apr 2015
# IDontDance , but my office enjoyed the preview of
@ NSAIofficial 's Rob Hatch &amp; Lance Miller ahead of tonight's event
22 Apr 2015
Not just the nerds does my YODA bill protect - but farmers too.
http://www.wired.com/2015/04/ dmca-ownership-john-deere/
@ kwiens
@ iFixit
22 Apr 2015
Clouds on the horizon look like mountains. There are no mountains between Lockhart and Corpus Christi .
Beautiful Morning looking down First St. SE along the west side of the Cannon House Office Building.
Corpus Christian Scott Melbye testifies to
@gopoversight
hearing "Examining the Department of Energy's Excess Uranium Management Plan"
CONNECT
IN THE NEWS
Meet The First Hologram Member of Congress
IJReview
NAED Supports Innocent Sellers Fairness Act
TED Magazine
Deletes of the Week: Why one politician deletes tweets on purpose
Sunlight Foundation
Attitude Shift on Freight Infrastructure May Change the Way Congress Funds
Transportation
Roll Call
Federal proposal includes $85M for Army Depot
Caller Times
Olson urges Obama transparency on federal flood rule
Your Houston News
EXPECTED VOTES THIS WEEK
H.R. 373
Good Samaritan Search and Recovery Act
H.R. 1324
Arapaho National Forest Boundary Adjustment Act of 2015
H.R. 2029
Military Construction and Veterans Affairs and Related Agencies Appropriations Act, 2016
H.R. 2028
Energy and Water Development and Related Agencies Appropriations Act
S. Con. Res. 11
FY2016 Budget
H.R. 1732
Regulatory Integrity Protection Act of 2015
SNAPSHOTS
4/23 -
The Education to Employment Partners celebrated their Annual Meeting and Celebration Treasures of the Coastal Bend at the Del Mar College Center for Economic Development.
They presented community awards and scholarships to 6 students.
Luis with my office was there to present Congressional Certificates to each one of the awardees.
4/23 - The Ingleside High School honored their top 20% students during the Rising Stars Banquet. Luis with my office was there and presented certificates to the 32 students honored.
4/23 - The Coastal Bend Coalition Against Modern Day Slavery hosted their 4th Annual Human Trafficking Symposium. I want to thank the coalition for working hard in rescuing, helping victims and stop this cancer of society. Luis Buentello with my office was there.
4/23- Thank you to the organizers of the 4th Annual VIP Party for Rock the Dock at the Redfish Bay Boathouse in Aransas Pass, Texas for inviting my office to their community event. My Veteran Field Representative Rene joined the fun attending this great festival on the Texas Gulf Coast. The seafood was great as always.
4/22- The National Association of Broadcasters were on the Hill this week taping Public service announcements.
I recorded PSAs thanking our veterans, combating cyber bullying, and promoting emergency preparedness.
4/21- Thank you to Rob Hatch and Lance Miller of the Nashville Songwriters Association International for stopping by my office to play some songs before their event in Washington.
4/21- Luis with my office attended the Launch Party &amp; Ribbon Cutting for the First Annual Corpus Christi Relocation &amp; Newcomers Guide that took place at Schlitterbahn. The event was hosted by the Padre Island Business Association, The Corpus Christi Hispanic Chamber of Commerce, and the Corpus Christi Chamber of Commerce. Luis walked into a "No Tie Zone" and paid the price by having his tie cut.
4/21- The Palacios Chamber of Commerce and Agriculture hosted their annual Volunteer Appreciation Dinner tonight.
Carol Wootton, my field representative, attended on my behalf and presented a Certificate of Special Congressional Recognition to each volunteer.
Shown in the photos are just a few of the many volunteers that work hard throughout the year.
WEBSITE
|
UNSUBSCRIBE
|
CONTACT
Click Here Click Here