
If you are having trouble viewing this
message or would like to share it on a social network, you can
view the message online .
April 17, 2015
Unsubscribe
Update My Profile
Website
|
Meet Rodney
|
11th
District
Services
|
Newsroom
|
Contact
Rodney
e-News 4/17/15
High Priorities
for the House
Killing the Death Tax
Trying to restore Service to the
Internal Revenue Service
A Victory for
Seniors and Taxpayers
My Work in
Committee: Examining Health Programs for Troops and
Families
The Presidents National Security Leadership:
Obamas Failure
Iran Has Good Reason to
Celebrate
Salute: The Doolittle
Raiders
High Priorities
for the House
The House remains focused on our
priorities
starting with jobs and the economy.
Weve passed a
responsible plan that would balance the budget for the American people,
which means more jobs and a stronger economy.
And this week we
passed a series of bills to stop the IRS abuses and help hard-working
taxpayers.
Wednesday was Tax Day. There's no getting
around the fact that our tax code is a mess. It sends jobs overseas,
it discourages entrepreneurship and
productivity.
Fundamentally, our country cannot reach its full potential with a tax code that
punishes people for their own hard work or drives them out of New
Jersey!
We all need to remain committed to fixing the code to
make it simpler, flatter and fairer for all which will create greater
opportunity for all Americans.
Killing the Death
Tax
For years, I have been at the forefront of
efforts to repeal the federal estate tax, also known as the Death
Tax.
Despite the efforts of several Congresses, this onerous levy
remains the #1 reason family businesses in America are not passed down
to the next generation. Simply put, it has always been the wrong tax
at the wrong time.
Since the estate tax was
temporarily
imposed in 1916 to help pay for World War I, by
every measure it has failed to achieve the purposes its supporters
tout.
It generates little annual revenue
just more than enough to cover one day of Washington
spending.
It hurts the economy, encourages income inequality and fails to
meet any basic standard of fairness.
It is a
significant burden on new start-ups and small businesses, our countrys
main producer of new jobs!
As a long-time supporter of
the bipartisan Death Tax Repeal Act of 2015 I hail this weeks
House passage of this important legislation. With a Republican-controlled
Senate, we may repeal the unfair Death Tax once and for all, providing
family-owned businesses the peace of mind that the next generation
can make decisions based on their desire to carry on the family business
and not on how many taxes they would have to
pay.
Trying to restore Service to the Internal Revenue
Service
Even after the disclosure that the IRS was targeting
certain charitable organizations for political reasons, hardworking
Americans remain vulnerable to IRS abuse, especially at a time when
filing a tax return appears more complicated than ever.
This
week, the House marked Tax Day by passing a series of commonsense bills
to rein in IRS abuse, protect taxpayer rights, and hold agency
employees accountable for misconduct.
Taxpayer Bill of
Rights
Right now, when dealing with the IRS,
taxpayers lack some basic protections under the law, including the right to
quality service, the right to confidentiality, and the right to appeal
and have their challenge be heard.
The Taxpayer Bill of Rights
Act, passed by the House on Thursday, would change this by codifying a
strong set of basic rights for taxpayers.
Read the bill
here .
Here are other bills we passed
this week:
H.R. 1152, To prohibit officers and
employees of the Internal Revenue Service from using personal email accounts
to conduct official business
This bill
would prohibit IRS employees from using personal email for official
government business.
H.R. 1026, Taxpayer
Knowledge of IRS Investigations Act
H.R. 1026
would restore accountability to the IRS and give the American people
the transparency they deserve. This bill amends the tax code to stop
the IRS from using a provision that is designed to protect taxpayer
privacy, but is instead used to protect government employees who
improperly look at or reveal taxpayer
information.
H.R. 1295, To amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to improve the
process for making determinations with respect to whether organizations
are exempt from taxation under section 501(c)4 of such code
H.R. 1295 would help prevent the IRS from
targeting organizations because of their political or religious beliefs when
filing for tax-exempt status.
H.R. 1314, To
amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to provide for a right to an
administrative appeal relating to adverse determinations of tax-exempt
status of certain organizations
H.R.
1314 would ensure that all Americans get fair treatment by the
IRS.
H.R. 709, the Prevent Targeting at the IRS Act
H.R. 709 would make political targeting a
fireable offense at the IRS.
H.R. 1104,
Fair Treatment for All Gifts Act
This
bill would ensure fair and equal treatment for Americans who donate to
tax-exempt organizations with the threat of a gift tax
audit.
A Victory for Seniors and
Taxpayers
The Senate completed action this week on the first major
entitlement reform legislation in twenty years!
By a strong bipartisan
vote of 92-8, the Senate followed the Houses lead and voted to scrap
The Sustainable Growth Rate
(SGR) formula used to reimburse
doctors and other healthcare providers for treating older Americans under
Medicare.
This was a significant victory for Americans who
seek to preserve the integrity of our Medicare system and save
taxpayers dollars.
The SGR was approved by Congress in 1997 as an
attempt to slow the growing cost of Medicare services. But the
formula proved to be highly unrealistic and ultimately forced many doctors
and healthcare providers out of the Medicare program.
Since
2003, Congress has continued approving short-term patches to soften
SGRs economic blow for doctors and other providers and keep them in
the business of treating seniors.
This weeks vote came
after the Office of the Actuary at the Centers for Medicare and Medicaid
Services (CMS) released a memo outlining the short-range and
long-term positive financial effects of the House-passed bill (H.R.
2).
Notably, the memo confirms what the Congressional Budget
Office (CBO) and other experts, such as the American Action Forums
Douglas Holtz-Eakin, have stated
the House bill will save taxpayers
money and put the Medicare program on a more sustainable
path.
My Work in Committee: Examining Health Programs for the
Troops and Families
The Defense Appropriations
Subcommittee, which I chair, conducted an exhaustive hearing on Tuesday on
the status of the various health programs that sustain our troops, their
families and retirees.
Our witnesses were Lieutenant General
(Dr.) Douglas J. Robb, Director, Defense Health Agency, Lieutenant
General Patricia D. Horoho, Surgeon General of the Army, Vice Admiral
Matthew L. Nathan, Surgeon General of the Navy, Lieutenant General (Dr.)
Thomas W. Travis, Surgeon General of the Air Force.
You can
watch the hearing
here .
The
Presidents National Security Leadership: Obamas
Failure
I recently came across a very interesting column by Stephen
Hayes in the
Weekly Standard
entitled
Obamas Failure.
The key phrase in the piece is
Notwithstanding periodic drone strikes on bad guys, Obama has demonstrated
repeatedly that his instinct is to ignore, dismiss or downplay threats to the
United States and its interests and allies.
The record over six
years is a long list of mistaken judgments, awkward euphemism and
false assurances.
Read the entire column
here .
Iran Has Good Reason to
Celebrate
ICYMI: Read my Op Ed Iran Has Good Reason to Celebrate in
the Morris County
Daily Record
here .
Salute: The Doolittle
Raiders
Salute:
America owes a great
debt of gratitude to the
Doolittle Raiders
- 80
brave airmen, all volunteers, signed up for a mission in the Pacific in
1942.
As it turned out, they followed Lt. Col. Jimmy Doolittle to
conduct the first air raid of homeland Japan during World War II. I
was privileged to attend as the Doolittle Raiders received a
Congressional Gold Medal this week for their outstanding heroism, valor, skill,
and service.
The Congressional Gold Medal is the highest civilian
honor the United States Congress can bestow.
Contact Information
WASHINGTON, D.C.
2306 Rayburn House Office
Building
Washington, DC 20515-3011
(202) 225-5034
NEW
JERSEY
30 Schuyler Place, Second Floor
Morristown, NJ
07960
(973) 984-0711
Update My Profile
-
Unsubscribe
-
Privacy
Policy
