
March E-Newsletter
Photos: In the District
NORTH LAS VEGAS
Congressman Cresent Hardy (NV-4) speaks with a veteran at the groundbreaking ceremony March 27 for a new Fisher House at the VA Medical Center.
NORTH LAS VEGAS
Congressman Cresent Hardy (NV-4) joins veterans and other community leaders for the March 27 groundbreaking of a new Fisher House at the VA Medical Center.
NORTH LAS VEGAS
Congressman Cresent Hardy (NV-4) attends Raul P. Elizondo Day on March 11, at the elementary school named after a City of North Las Vegas police officer who was killed in the line of duty in 1995.
"The ceremony was a sobering, yet encouraging reminder of the professionalism, sacrifice and community-wide impact our law enforcement officers have,"
Hardy said. Through Officer Elizondo's legacy, students at Raul P. Elizondo Elementary School are reminded daily of what it means to exemplify kindness, respect, responsibility, integrity, perseverance, courage, and cooperation.
NORTH LAS VEGAS
Congressman Cresent Hardy (NV-4) attends the ribbon cutting and grand opening celebration for Raising Cain's Chicken Fingers on March 20. A former small business owner, Congressman Hardy is a member of the House Small Business Committee, where he sits on the Subcommittee on Contracting and Workforce, and serves as the chairman of the Subcommittee on Investigations, Oversight and Regulations.
NORTH LAS VEGAS
Congressman Cresent Hardy (NV-4) met with small business leaders from across the district March 10 at the Urban Chamber of Commerce, for a roundtable discussion.
"It was a productive time, as we were able to focus on some of the particular challenges and opportunities faced by entrepreneurs here in the 4th district,"
Hardy said.
"These small business champions are at the heart of making our local economy and job market more vibrant and successful!"
The congressman also learned more about the top-notch services and resources the chamber offers to small businesses, including the Business Success Center.
NORTH LAS VEGAS
Congressman Cresent Hardy (NV-4) toured the UPS Customer Center March 10, where he heard of the company's innovative and efficient initiatives affecting nearly 500 employees across the congressman's district. The company employs about 2,700 people across Nevada.
NORTH LAS VEGAS
Congressman Cresent Hardy (NV-4) speaks with students at Academy Information Day at the College of Southern Nevada's Cheyenne Campus. Students aspiring to be the next generation of America's military leaders heard about the military academy application and nomination process. For more information on the application process,
click here .
NELLIS AIR FORCE BASE
Congressman Cresent Hardy (NV-4) visited Nellis Air Force Base to learn more about RED FLAG, the world-renowned, realistic combat training exercise involving the air forces of the United States and its allies, over the Nevada Test &amp; Training Range, which is entirely contained within the congressman's district. To learn more about the exercise,
click here .
In the Media
Congressman Hardy speaks with Fox News Edge
(Click image to
view )
Women's History Month: A WWII Trailblazer Above Nellis
(U.S. Air Force photo by Staff Sgt. Christopher Hubenthal)
WASHINGTON -- In recognition of Women's History Month, Congressman Cresent Hardy (NV-4)
spoke on the floor of the U.S. House of Representatives
March 24, 2015, to highlight the trailblazing efforts of Ms. Betty Wall Strohfus, who was among America's first female military pilots, and worked during WWII at Nellis Air Force Base, which is located in Nevada's 4th Congressional District. Decades later, thousands of female Airmen across the United States Air Force benefit from her efforts. She and her fellow Women Airforce Service Pilots were finally recognized with the Congressional Gold Medal in 2010. For more information about her 2012 historic return visit to Nellis,
click here . ( Read more ...)
Hardy seeks more time for BLM comment
(Las Vegas Review-Journal)
WASHINGTON
Rep. Cresent Hardy on March 5 put in a request to Interior Secretary Sally Jewell that Nevadans be given more time to weigh in on a new resource management plan for 3.1 million acres of federal land in Southern Nevada. ( Read
more... )
Congress is broken... and so is the discussion on Yucca Mountain
(Originally
appeared in
the Las Vegas Review-Journal)
It was one of the first questions I was asked on the campaign trail last year. Do I support storing nuclear waste at Yucca Mountain?
Even before I was asked about my plans for constituent services, how I planned to help veterans or seniors, or even ways to jumpstart the economy in a congressional district that desperately needs new jobs, I was asked about Yucca Mountain. ( Read more of the editorial ...)
Congressman Hardy speaks with MundoFOX Las Vegas
(Click to view
on Facebook )
Congressman Hardy speaks with Jess Mrquez
(Click image to
listen )
Hardy Introduces LAND Act
WASHINGTON
Congressman Cresent Hardy (NV-4) introduced the Land Acquisition to cut National Debt Act, or LAND Act, which would prohibit the Departments of the Interior and Agriculture from using federal dollars to purchase land resulting in a net increase in acreage, during years in which the federal budget is not balanced. ( Read more ...)
House Passes Permanent Medicare SGR Fix
WASHINGTON
Congressman Cresent Hardy (NV-4) issued the following statement March 26, after the U.S. House of Representatives passed H.R. 2, a permanent fix for the Sustainable Growth Rate (SGR):
By fixing the Sustainable Growth Rate, we improve the quality and predictability of healthcare our seniors receive,
Hardy said.
For too long, patients and their doctors have been subject to an unstable reimbursement model that degrades care and burdens providers, which is why I hope todays bipartisan vote is soon echoed in the Senate.
Read more about the Medicare Sustainable Growth Rate
here .
( Read more ...)
Hardy statement on Prime Minister Netanyahu's Congressional Address
WASHINGTON
Congressman Cresent Hardy (NV-4) attended Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahus address to a joint session of Congress March 3.
Following the prime ministers address, Congressman Hardy issued the following statement:
Today, I was honored to hear from Prime Minister Netanyahu, whose speech was right on point, fair and direct. As one of our strongest allies in the Middle East, it is critical we maintain strong ties between our countries, especially in the face of upheaval that threatens regional peace and the stability of worldwide energy markets. I, along with many Americans, am hopeful that negotiations with Iran serve to stabilize the region and diminish the threat of nuclear conflicts. The issue at hand transcends politics, which is why I hope the administration listens to the prime ministers concerns and evaluation of the situation, and determines to work against a nuclear-armed Iran with our ally and friend, Israel.
( Read more ...)
Hardy statement on Afghan presidents address to Congress
WASHINGTON
Congressman Cresent Hardy (NV-4) attended Afghan President Ashraf Ghanis address to a Joint Meeting of Congress March 25. Following President Ghanis address, Congressman Hardy issued the following statement:
Today, I was honored to hear from the President of Afghanistan, Dr. Ashraf Ghani. Though his country still has room for improvement, I was impressed by the advancements they have made thus far. Removing the Taliban from power has given us a new partner in the Middle East, as well as opened the door for tremendous improvements in civil liberties in a country that desperately needed it. Today, more than 3 million girls are allowed to attend school after being denied an education under the Taliban regime, and the national average lifespan has gone from 45 to 60 years of age. President Ghani thanked our country
both the military and taxpayers
for helping Afghans overcome so many seemingly insurmountable obstacles. He assured us he is committed to keeping the Taliban from growing and making sure his government is able to maintain these advancements without foreign aid in the future.
( Read more ...)
Hardy, Gosar Spearhead Bipartisan Interstate 11 Expansion, Facilitate International Trade Corridor
WASHINGTON
U.S. Congressman Cresent Hardy (NV-4) today introduced the Intermountain West Corridor Development Act of 2015, H.R. 1612, with Congressman Paul Gosar, D.D.S. (AZ-4), to extend the future Interstate 11 (I-11) through the State of Nevada to Interstate 80 (I-80) and south toward Arizonas southern border.
Nevada communities and businesses will reap the benefits of increased tourism, commerce and transportation made possible by better connectivity across the region,"
Congressman Hardy said.
( Read more ...)
Congressman Cresent Hardy represents Nevadas 4th Congressional District. He serves on the House Committee on Natural Resources, the House Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure, and the House Small Business Committee.
WEBSITE
|
UNSUBSCRIBE
|
CONTACT
Click Here Click Here