
If you are having trouble viewing this message or
would like to share it on a social network, you can
view the message online .
Home
About
Services
Legislative Center
Issues
Newsroom
District
Contact
March 26, 2015
Dear Neighbor,
I remain deeply
troubled by the Obama Administration's January decision to reverse its
moratorium and open the Atlantic Coast to oil and gas exploration.
Drilling off Virginia's coast will pose significant consequences to our
economy, the Navy's presence in the region, our fishing and tourism
industry, and our coastline. In case you missed it, I want to share with you
my recent
Washington Post
Op-Ed titled
"Offshore drilling is too
risky,"
highlighting these serious concerns and
our efforts to get the Department of Interior to
reconsider this dangerous decision.
"Offshore drilling is too
risky"
Gerald E. Connolly
March 22, 2015
The
irony was not lost on Virginians when, 48 hours after the Obama
administration banned oil and gas development on more than 12 million acres
of Alaskas Arctic National Wildlife Refuge, it reversed a 2010
moratorium on oil and gas leases off a wide swath of the Atlantic coast from
Virginia to Georgia.
The January decision to lift the
moratorium, imposed following the 2010 BP Deepwater Horizon spill, drew an
outcry from environmentalists and laurels from those who claim it will
create jobs and provide energy security. Drilling is years away, but
the Interior Departments proposals could be finalized this year,
after a public comment period.
While the environmental concerns
are worthy of consideration, a compelling case can be made about the
negative consequences of offshore oil and gas exploration on
Virginias economy.
Virginians would assume all the risk of offshore
drilling with no reward. Using Interiors estimates of oil and
natural gas reserves on the Atlantic Outer Continental Shelf (OCS), drilling
would yield only a few months worth of the oil and natural gas our
nation uses annually. Absent a royalty-sharing agreement with Virginia,
the commonwealth would receive no revenue from the
drilling.
Offshore oil and gas exploration poses real economic risks for
Virginia, an argument my Virginia colleagues Rep. Bobby Scott (D) and Rep.
Don Beyer (D) made when
asking Interior
Secretary Sally Jewell to reconsider
the decision to open
our waters to drilling.
Allowing drilling on the Atlantic OCS
would threaten the massive Defense Department presence in the Hampton
Roads region, home to the worlds largest naval station and an array
of other Navy and Defense Dept. bases, facilities and private-sector
partners. Defense-related activities and spending help drive Virginias
economy, accounting for 41 percent of Hampton Roadss economy, 40
percent of its jobs and more than $35 billion in gross regional
product.
The Navy and NASA have said repeatedly that Atlantic OCS
drilling could significantly affect their training and testing
activities in support of national security and strategic interests. A May 2010
Defense Department report found that nearly 80 percent of the proposed
lease area off Virginias coast would interfere with Navy training
and operations. Virginias congressional delegation and state leaders
have worked hard to expand the Navys operations in Hampton Roads.
Making the waters off the coast inhospitable to critical naval operations
would torpedo those efforts.
Beyond the defense-related
implications from drilling, we cannot minimize the economic impact of an
oil spill on Virginias important tourism, recreation and fishing
industries. Last year, more than 2.1 million people visited our coastal
barrier islands, while another 2.7 million visited Virginia Beach.
Commercial fishing, tourism and recreation support more than 91,000 jobs and
generate nearly $5 billion in economic output in
Virginia.
Since the Deepwater Horizon explosion and oil spill in the Gulf of
Mexico, Congress has failed to strengthen regulations on offshore
drilling. Why would we risk such an incident, which would wreak havoc on
Virginias coastal economy, for only a few months worth of our nations
energy supply? To visualize the impact: The BP oil spill, superimposed
on our regional map, would stretch from Dale City, in Prince William
County, to New York City, despoiling much of the Mid-Atlantic
coast.
President Obama has forged a lasting legacy of conservation
and environmental protection by prohibiting drilling on millions of
acres of land and coastal waters in Alaska, as well as creating 11 new
national monuments across the country. That is why it is so hard to
fathom why the administration has ignored clear economic and
environmental justification to exclude the Atlantic OCS from offshore
exploration.
The writer, a Democrat, represents Virginias 11th
Congressional District in the House.
http://www.washingtonpost.com/opinions/offshore-drilling-in-virginia-is-too-risky/2015/03/20/8542db58-c2ab-11e4-9ec2-b418f57a4a99_story.html
Sincerely,
Gerald E. Connolly
Member of Congress
11th
District of Virginia
Washington, DC
Office
424 Cannon HOB
Washington, D.C. 20515
Phone:
(202) 225-1492
Fax: (202) 225-3071
Annandale
Office
4115 Annandale Road, Ste. 103
Annandale, VA 22003
Phone:
(703) 256-3071
Fax: (703) 354-1284
Prince William Office
2241-D Tacketts Mill
Drive
Woodbridge, VA 22192
Phone: (571) 408-4407
Fax: (571)
408-4708
Unsubscribe
|
Update My
Profile
|
Privacy Policy
gateway mail end 