
[if (gte mso 9)]>
<![endif]
Rep. Bob Goodlatte
A Long-Deserved Honor for a Local Veteran
This week, I had the opportunity to
present several long-deserved military
service medals
to Mr. Billy &quot;Pete&quot; Ridings of Buena
Vista. Mr. Ridings served in the Pacific as a member of the U.S. Navy Reserve during World War II and never received his medals. Now, 70 years later,
they are in his possession. While these medals are no match for the sacrifices veterans like Mr. Ridings have made, it was my true honor to present
them to him and say thank you in person.
The Congressional Mailbag:
What You're Saying
Each month, my office receives thousands of phone calls, letters, e-mails, and
even Facebook messages from folks across the Sixth District. Many have questions about current issues before Congress. I thought I would respond to a
few of the inquires I have received in recent weeks in place of the regular weekly column:
I ask you to
think carefully about the reauthorization of the
Elementary and Secondary Education Act . Schools are being required to take away from
valuable teaching time to repeatedly administer standardized testing. It&rsquo;s not the only measure of student growth and school effectiveness.
Decisions about education need to be made in the home, in
communities, and by local school boards and city councils. All too often we see the federal government intervening in the education system, adding
more red tape and bureaucracy without benefit to students. To address this growing federal overreach and eliminate some of the most troubling
provisions of No Child Left Behind, the House of Representatives has begun consideration of H.R. 5, the
Student Success Act . You may be
interested to know that I offered an amendment to H.R. 5, which was adopted, to further expand flexibility for educators and allow local school boards
to create and administer their own testing systems. I look forward to finishing consideration of this legislation.
I urge you to support S.J. Res. 8, the resolution of disapproval of the National Labor Relations
Board's (NLRB) &quot;Ambush&quot; rule.
In December, the NLRB
published a rule that would dramatically amend the rules governing elections of labor union representation by significantly cutting the notice time
for union elections and requiring employers to hand over employee contact information to union leaders.
I have many concerns regarding these
potential &ldquo;ambush&rdquo; elections as well as the release of employees' personal information. Folks should have the freedom to decide whether or
not they will join a union and adequate time to consider their choices in any upcoming elections. I voted in support of S.J. Res. 8 to prevent the
NLRB from implementing the rule. Unfortunately, President Obama vetoed this resolution. I&rsquo;m extremely disappointed by his actions, which will
allow the NLRB to force this rule on workers.
What can be done
about Hillary Clinton&rsquo;s missing emails?
Former Secretary
of State Hillary Clinton&rsquo;s use of a personal email account for official government business raises serious, substantial questions regarding the
content of those emails, security concerns, and potential violations of the
Federal Records Act . Congressman Trey Gowdy, the Chairman of the
House Select Committee on Benghazi, has requested that Ms. Clinton turn over her email server to the State Department inspector general or a neutral
third party for an independent analysis of its contents. I&rsquo;m closely monitoring the ongoing investigation.
I always enjoy hearing from you and learning more about your opinions on the issues of the day. If I can be of
assistance, please do not hesitate to send an e-mail through my website at
Goodlatte.House.Gov
or contact one of my local offices. It is an
honor to serve you, and I hope that you will stay in touch.
This Week in the
Sixth District
In addition to
Mr. Ridings' medal ceremony, I made several stops around the Sixth District over the past week.
On Thursday, I was in
Appomattox for the events marking the 150th anniversary of the end of the Civil War. Maryellen and I also visited White's Travel Center in Raphine to
check out some of their projects. One of my Roanoke stops included the FedEx facility. You can keep up with my travels around the Sixth District by
following me on Facebook .
Seeking the next Van Gogh or P. Buckley Moss!
April 22 is the deadline for all submissions to the
Congressional Art Competition. All Sixth District high school students are invited to enter. I look forward to reviewing this great artwork!
Click here
for the competition's
guidelines.
Now Accepting Applications for Service Academy Nominations:
My office is now accepting applications from students for nominations to one of the U.S. Military Service Academies. If
you know anyone interested in attending the U.S. Naval Academy, West Point, the Merchant Marine Academy or the U.S. Air Force Academy, I encourage you
to pass this along to them. More information about the nomination process is
available on my website.
# # #
www.Goodlatte.House.Gov
This message was
generated from an unattended mailbox.
Should you have further questions, please visit the &quot; Contact Bob &quot;
section of my website or call my office at (202) 225-5431.
This message was intended for:
dj724530@gmail.com
You were added to the system November 2, 2013.
For more information
click here .
Update your preferences
Unsubscribe
|
Unsubscribe via email
