
In This Issue:
Washington Update
Ethics Training Should Not Be Optional; 'No' to Adding to Our Debt.
District Update
Did You Know: Public Media Company WHRO Offers Workforce Training.
Where Have You Been, Scott?
I've been everywhere, man.
I've been everywhere.
Survey Says...
Results from our latest Wisdom of the District poll on our defense budget.
The Rigell Report: April 2015
Washington Update
Most Members of Congress Arent Required to Have Ethics Training.
Lets change that.
One of Scotts top priorities is to change the institution of Congress and restore the publics faith and trust in Congress. Thats why Scott and his colleague Rep. David N. Cicilline (D-RI) introduced H.R. 1037, the Ensuring Trust and Honorability in Congressional Standards (ETHICS) Act of 2015. This bipartisan legislation requires ALL Members of the House of Representatives to undergo annual ethics training.
This common sense reform will ensure that all Representatives meet that obligation.
Read more about the legislation and Scotts efforts in the article below:
Roll Call:
Bipartisan Pair Volunteers to Get Schooled on House Ethics
By Hannah Hess
March 24
Reps. Scott Rigell, R-Va., and David Cicilline, D-R.I., made a Monday afternoon appointment with House Ethics Committee staff to get schooled on congressional ethics, taking advantage of what Cicilline described as a natural time to think about the rules governing the behavior of members and how those rules are enforced.
The bipartisan duo has renewed its push for a measure that would mandate members of the House undergo the same hour long annual ethics training that senators and Hill staffers must complete. It picked up 26 co-sponsors on the day Rep. Aaron Schock announced his exit
but still appears to be a long shot with House leadership.
Rigell talked the Republican conference into incorporating a small compromise into the House rules package. The January resolution required the 58 members of the 114th Congress freshman class to undergo the same one-hour ethics training that is required for new House staff. But they are only trained once, not on an annual basis, as the bill would require.
read more
...
Congressman Scott Rigell's statement after voting against increasing the debt &amp; abolishing the estate tax:
As our military absorbs the impacts of sequestration, I cannot justify supporting a bill that adds nearly $270 billion to the debt without providing an offset for these costs.
Congress and the White House have already made significant progress in this area. Legislation signed into law in 2013 allows an individual to pass on $5.4 million without paying an estate tax. A couple can pass on $10.8 million. The bill we voted on would only affect an estimated two-tenths of one percent of Americans, or about 5,500 households.
Our nations financial problems are very serious and if not addressed, threaten the future of every American regardless of age, gender, ethnicity or political affiliation.
We know with certainty that there will be a 33% increase in the number of seniors enrolling in Medicare and Social Security over the next ten years.
The cost of caring for them will add to our debt.
Additionally, defense spending cuts driven by sequestration threaten our national security and reduce investments in other critical areas including transportation.
My focus is on reversing sequestration, protecting our military, and putting our nation on a better fiscal path. I will continue to fight for sound financial policy driven by facts and an unapologetic resolve to pass on to the next generation of Americans the blessings of liberty and freedom.
District Update
Public Media Company WHRO Fills Workforce Training Gap
According to the Department of Education, 36 million adults in the US have low literacy, math and problem solving skills.
WHRO is tackling this issue in two ways
(1) providing affordable online courses for workforce and professional development with a program called SkillsOnline, and (2) creating new online modules to teach the soft skills necessary to be an effective employee for which no online instruction is currently available.
SkillsOnline is a low-cost resource for employers, local government training providers, and under- and unemployed workers. SkillsOnline.org offers over 3,500 courses in 19 industry categories including healthcare, computing, management and safety.
Students take classes online at anytime from anywhere. Thomas Nelson Community College, Paul D. Camp Community College, Rappahannock Community College and Eastern Shore Community College offer SkillsOnline courses.
WHRO plans to expand to all Virginias community colleges.
In addition to SkillsOnline courses now available, WHRO is creating the first 5 of 23 work readiness modules identified by the University of Virginias Weldon Cooper Center for Public Service as those required by employers for career entry and advancement. The first course, Internet Use and Safety/Digital Citizenship, will be completed this summer. When completed, these work readiness modules will be added to the SkillsOnline portal and available free to anyone, with production funded by grants and philanthropic support.
You can visit the SkillsOnline website at http://skillsonline.org/about.html
Where Have You Been, Scott?
Lots of fun taking selfies with young people who came out
for our town hall at Regent University.
Mmmm.
Seafood. The VES Land Trust Annual Oyster Roast celebrates 13,589 acres of permanently protected farmland, forestland, wetlands, fisheries, and Eastern Shore heritage.
Love seafood; love this event.
What a great time playing in the Priority 47th Annual Charity Bowl Celebrity Football Game.
Each year this event raises thousands of dollars for childrens charities: The Joy Fund, Camp Grom, The Boys &amp; Girls Clubs, For Kids, Ed Marc, I Need A Lighthouse, Food Bank and many others.
It's impossible for your heart not to swell with pride at the Virginia International Tattoo. This is a great event to thank military families and show our troops we support them.
And.... another selfie.
This time with the whip smart students at Princess Anne High School.
Hey, if you can't beat 'em, join 'em.
'Wisdom of the District' Results
Recently we posed the following question to our friends and neighbors:
Soon the House of Representatives will consider a budget for the next fiscal year.
Fiscal conservatives like Congressman Scott Rigell have advocated for a spending plan that balances our nations expenses with our income, just like American families do, while fully protecting the nation.
"However, right now America spends far more than it takes in, a trend that has created unsustainable debt, sort of like a family that keeps adding to its credit card debt without any plan to pay it down.
That puts a squeeze on how much we can spend on things like education, defense, and even roads.
"As you know, across-the-board cuts will hit the defense community this September if Congress and the President do not act. What do you think is the best way to move forward?
Here are the results:
Summary: Out of 2,037 responses, 54.9% believe that Congress should find a compromise to address this issue that includes a way to move towards a balanced budget that also addresses the debt.
WEBSITE
|
UNSUBSCRIBE
|
CONTACT
Click Here Click Here