
Social Security and Medicare could fall victim to devastating GOP cuts. Please read on:
URGENT: TRIPLE-MATCH EXPIRES IN 12 HOURS!
Pitch in now &gt;&gt;
David --
We know you&rsquo;re a top Democrat -- but you haven&rsquo;t pitched in yet toward our MUST-HIT April fundraising goal!!
Pitched in to Critical April Goal:
NOT YET
(give now)
FEC Deadline:
12 hours
We still need to raise $102,000, or
Social Security and Medicare could fall victim to devastating GOP cuts.
Please read on:
THREE Republican presidential hopefuls (Bush, Rubio, Christie) have announced their plans to SLASH Social Security and Medicare if elected. And McConnell and Senate Republicans would just
cheer them on!
We must must MUST get these extremists out and replace them with strong Democrats who will stand up for middle class families, seniors, women, LGBT individuals -- in short,
everyone
(no exceptions)!
But the GOP is hauling in TRUCKLOADS of cash as a result of the Citizens United decision.
So we&rsquo;re relying on our amazing grassroots supporters to fight back.
Pitch in now and you&#39;ll have FOUR TIMES the impact. Only 12 hours left! We MUST hit this goal.
Thank you for helping us ensure PROGRESS, not BACKWARDNESS.
Team DSCC
Democratic Senatorial Campaign Committee
P.O. Box 96047
Washington, DC 20090
Paid for by the Democratic Senatorial Campaign Committee, dscc.org,
and not authorized by any candidate or candidate&#39;s committee.
The DSCC is the only organization solely dedicated to supporting Democrats in the U.S. Senate. This message was sent to dj724530@gmail.com because you are a part of the DSCC&rsquo;s grassroots network. Please add us to your address book or approved senders list to make sure you keep receiving DSCC updates.
Emails are a critical way for us to stay in touch with our grassroots supporters. 99% of the DSCC&rsquo;s contributions come from grassroots donors giving less than $200. We also strive to keep you updated on issues related to the Democratic Party&rsquo;s values.
If you&rsquo;d like to stop receiving emails related to this campaign, please
click here .
If you&#39;d like to make a contribution to support us, please
click here . We are already beginning to prepare for the fight ahead &ndash; reclaiming the majority in 2016. It will take every single grassroots supporter, but we know it&rsquo;s possible with your help. If you&rsquo;d like to stop receiving all emails from the DSCC, please
unsubscribe . We greatly appreciate your continued support.
Contributions or gifts to the DSCC are not tax deductible.
