Copyright (c) 1996-2015 Constant Contact. All rights reserved.
Except as permitted under a separate
written agreement with Constant Contact, neither the Constant Contact software, nor any content that appears on any Constant Contact site,
including but not limited to, web pages, newsletters, or templates may be reproduced, republished, repurposed, or distributed without the
prior written permission of Constant Contact.
For inquiries regarding reproduction or distribution of any Constant Contact material, please
contact legal@constantcontact.com.
Mike Kelly's Weekly E-Newsletter
April 24, 2015
Follow me on Twitter!
Visit my YouTube page!
Click here to subscribe to my weekly
E-newsletter
My Offices
ERIE DISTRICT OFFICE 208 E. Bayfront Parkway Suite 102 Erie, PA 16507 Phone: (814) 454-8190 Fax: (814) 454-8197
BUTLER DISTRICT OFFICE
101 East Diamond St Suite 218 Butler, PA
16001 Phone: (724) 282-2557
Fax: (724) 282-3682
SHARON DISTRICT OFFICE
33 Chestnut Street Sharon, PA
16146 Phone: (724) 342-7170 Fax: (724) 342-7242
WASHINGTON, DC OFFICE
1519 Longworth HOB Washington, DC 20515 Phone: (202) 225-5406 Fax: (202) 225-3103
CRAWFORD COUNTY OFFICE Every Wednesday 9:00 a.m. - 4:00 p.m. 908 Diamond Park Meadville, PA 16335
ARMSTRONG COUNTY OFFICE
Every Thursday 9:00 a.m. - 4:00 p.m. 300 South McKean Street Kittanning, PA 16201
LAWRENCE COUNTY
Every Friday 9:00 a.m. - 4: 00 p.m. Lawrence County Courthouse 430 Court Street New Castle, PA
16101
Dear Friend, Last week marked the end of the first 100 days of the 114th Congress. In that time, my colleagues and I
in the People's House fought hard for your priorities every day, and
our work is far from over.
From boosting our economy to spurring
job creation to restoring government accountability, and everything in
between, we've made sure to pass commonsense legislation that keeps
Washington off your back and out of your wallet -- all while staying faithful
to our Constitutional first principles.
Take a look at a complete list of our legislative accomplishments by
clicking here . According to a recent report by
the Bipartisan Policy Center
,
" The first three months of the 114th Congress showed a burst of energy, with Congressional committees reporting bills in higher numbers than during recent Congresses ."
Under the current leadership in the House and Senate, things are different in Washington, and there's data to prove it:
We've passed 62 bills, which more than doubled the 25 passed in the first 100 days of the 113th Congress and is twice as many as the 31 passed in the 112th Congress.
Of these bills, 8 have gone on to pass the Senate. All 8 of those bills have been signed into law.
This marks the second most productive first 100 days where Republicans have been in control of the House in decades, behind only the 106th Congress where 14 bills were enacted.
To top it off, our committees have been more efficient than the previous three Congresses. In this Congress, 7.6 percent of bills have passed out of committee compared to 3.9 percent in the 113th, 3.4 percent in the 112th and the 40-year historical average of 6.6 percent.
Learn more about the first 100 days of America's new Congress
here . Sincerely,
Rep. Kelly Pays Tribute to
Erie Newspaper Icon
Ed Mead on House Floor
Mead was Chairman Emeritus of Times Publishing Company, Publisher Emeritus of Erie Times-News
WATCH HERE
On Wednesday, Rep. Kelly delivered remarks on the floor of the House of Representatives in commemoration of the late Ed Mead, the former president, co-publisher, editor, and columnist at the Erie Times-News in Erie, Pennsylvania. Mr. Mead passed away last month.
Text of Rep. Kelly's floor speech:
"Last month, our world bid farewell to Ed Mead - a former president, co-publisher, editor, columnist, and all around legend of the Erie Times - News in Erie, Pennsylvania, a paper founded by his grandfather in 1888.
"Mr. Mead leaves behind an extraordinary legacy in the newspaper business and in the community of Erie - the city where he was born and spent much of his life devoted to connecting with people.
"Mr. Mead was often referred to as 'the voice of Erie,' leading a long and distinguished career that included more than 14,000 features for his 'Odds and Ends' column - one that appealed to so many people throughout the region.
"Mr. Mead was so committed to serving his family's newspaper that, after graduating from Princeton University in 1949, he turned down a contract offer from the National Football League's Detroit Lions to instead work at the Erie Times for the next 63 years.
"Although Mr. Mead's passing will long be felt at the Erie Times Publishing Company and in the entire Erie community, we know he rests now in Heaven.
"As is true of all legends, Ed Mead may be gone but will surely never be forgotten."
Read more about Ed Mead's life and career here.
R ep. Kelly Proudly Receives
Guardian of Seniors' Rights Award
Rep. Kelly issued the following statement on Wednesday after receiving
the 2015 Guardian of Seniors' Rights Award
from the
60 Plus Association
by Chairman Jim Martin and President Amy Frederick. The organization has stated that, "Tax reform is a critical link in the chain for the financial stability of seniors," and presented this year's award to Members of Congress "for committing to reform the tax code in a way that is simpler and fairer for everyone."
"I am very honored to receive this award and thank Chairman Martin for the outstanding work his organization does on behalf of all of our nation's seniors. I wholeheartedly share 60 Plus' strong commitment to reforming our nation's outdated tax code so that it is fairer and simpler for all Americans, both young and old, and can allow our economy to flourish again. I am especially proud to have supported
the repeal of the unfair federal death tax
last week in the House, a cause which 60 Plus has long championed, and rightly so, for the sake of the preserving the American Dream for future generations."
NOTE:
Read more about the 60 Plus Association at
60Plus.org .
Rep. Kelly
Confronts IRS Commissioner over Agency's Diversion of Funds from Customer Service
New Ways & Means committee report reveals misspent funds by IRS, debunking agency's claim of insufficient funding
WATCH HERE
Rep. Kelly participated in
Wednesday morning's hearing
by the Ways and Means Subcommittee on Oversight on
the 2015 tax filing season and general operations at the Internal Revenue Service (IRS)
which featured testimony by IRS Commissioner John Koskinen. The hearing coincided with the release of
a new report by the committee's Majority Staff titled, "Doing Less with Less: IRS's Spending Decisions Harm Taxpayers,"
which details a severe misuse of funds by the agency.
Highlights of Rep. Kelly's remarks:
"I don't think that, if you were in the private sector, you would ever go before a company that was in bad shape or failing and say, 'Hey, here's the problem: Things are looking pretty bad for us, we don't have quite the resources that we'd like to have ... and so what we're going to do is do less with less."
"My big question is: Why would we cut customer service and redeploy those dollars elsewhere? You're the head of the agency. What was it in your game plan, what was it in your thinking that said ... 'I think what we'll do is cut customer service, and that way, we'll have a better relationship with the taxpaying public if we make them wait longer on the phone, if we make them wait longer for mail, if we close down different offices and not be able to do the advocacy that we like to do... I think that's really going to be able to help our position!'?"
"You can't run around town telling everybody that you're out of money and that's the reason you can't do your job."
"If it's about improving morale, you can't tell people how bad it is, and how much worse it's going to get, and expect better results."
"I would just suggest to you that there's hardly a person in America today that isn't doing more with less, that hasn't tightened their belt and learned how to work with less."
Summaries of the Way and Means Committee's report can be found
here
and
here .
Rep. Kelly Applauds Ways & Means Committee Approval of Trade Promotion Authority
Rep. Kelly -- a member of the House Ways and Means Committee -- issued the following statement after yesterday's
full committee mark-up hearing
at which the committee approved H.R. 1890,
the Bipartisan Congressional Trade Priorities and Accountability Act of 2015 , which will establish a trade policy partnership between presidential administrations and Congress known as
Trade Promotion Authority (TPA) .
"This responsible legislation will equip Congress with the power to secure the most successful trade agreements possible for America. It is critical for guaranteeing strong, job-creating trade deals that will help American workers and ensure that the United States is leading, shaping, and dominating the global economy. Through TPA, Congress will lay out specific negotiating objectives that must be pursued by every administration - Democrat or Republican - as well as
serious consultation and transparency requirements
for each president to follow. In other words, Congress will always be in the driver's seat and writing the rules of the road. This will ensure that the hardworking men and women at countless manufacturers throughout the Third District will always have an advocate at the table.
"It is a matter of modern economic fact that 96 percent of the world's customers now live outside the United States. If we want to grow our economy and create more high-paying jobs here at home, then we need to sell more American-made products and services overseas. It's that simple. According to the most recent studies, more than 8,000 jobs in the Third District are directly tied to trade. More than $4 billion of manufactured goods and services are exported from our District annually. TPA will pave the way for new trade agreements which are expected to create more than 66,000 new jobs throughout Pennsylvania and more than 1.4 million new jobs nationwide. Overall, TPA is good for American workers, good for Congress, and good for our nation's economic future."
NOTE:
Expert analysis demonstrating how trade economically benefits Pennsylvania's Third District as well as the state and nation at large can be found
here ,
here ,
here , and
here .
According to General James L. Jones , former Supreme Allied Commander Europe and Commandant of the U.S. Marine Corps: "[T]rade runs right to the heart of international security in the 21st century. Maintaining global stability, essential to America's peace and prosperity, is no longer a function solely of our ability to deploy and defeat, but rather of our capacity to engage and endow-and ultimately to turn promise and opportunity into jobs and a higher quality of life. By leading on trade, the United States tightens our bonds with allies around the globe, strengthens our influence in would-be hotspots, and fosters greater global stability through expanding economic cooperation."
Nearly every presidential administration since that of Franklin Roosevelt has been given a TPA-like mechanism to help expand trade. (Richard Nixon pursued it until his resignation, after which his vice president and successor Gerald Ford was granted it.)
WEEKLY PHOTOS
On Monday, Rep. Kelly was presented an American flag that was flown over the Bagram Airfield base in Afghanistan by Chris Martini, who is
currently serving our nation in the Navy.
(Rep. Kelly used to coach Chris on their football team in Butler!)
_______________________________________
Rep. Kelly with 60 Plus Chairman Jim Martin and 60 Plus President Amy Frederick after receiving the organization's Guardian of Seniors' Rights Award on Wednesday
Forward this email This email was sent to dj724530@gmail.com by
thomas.qualtere@mail.house.gov
|
Update Profile/Email Address
|
Rapid removal with
SafeUnsubscribe &trade;
|
Privacy Policy . The Office of Representative Mike Kelly
|
1519 Longworth House Office Building
|
Washington
|
DC
|
20515
