
This is URGENT! Please read this email from start to finish! Right-wing megadonors are ALREADY spending millions to put an extremist like Ted Cruz
RENEW YOUR MEMBERSHIP, HAVE TWICE THE IMPACT! LAST CHANCE!
Do it now &gt;&gt;
David -- This is URGENT!
Please read this email from start to finish!
Right-wing megadonors are ALREADY spending millions to put an extremist like Ted Cruz or Rand Paul in the White House and stack the Senate with GOP rubber-stamps. Can you imagine how terrible that would be?!
We only have 6 hours to FIGHT BACK.
That&rsquo;s when the CRUCIAL first quarterly FEC deadline of the year hits.
It&rsquo;s this simple: If we meet our membership goal, we&rsquo;ll be able to elect strong Democrats who will pass OUR agenda:
Protecting Social Security and Medicare, empowering the middle class, and making equality the law of the land.
But if we don&rsquo;t, the GOP will be able to pass whatever THEY want -- and you can be assured it will be AWFUL.
David, we&rsquo;re down to the wire and MATCHING all gifts. Will you renew your membership before the FEC deadline in 6 hours? You&rsquo;ll have twice the impact!!
Your DSCC Membership Status:
pending
2015 Membership Rate:
$3
(renew now)
FEC Deadline:
6 hours
Thank you,
Team DSCC
Democratic Senatorial Campaign Committee
P.O. Box 96047
Washington, DC 20090
Paid for by the Democratic Senatorial Campaign Committee, dscc.org,
and not authorized by any candidate or candidate&#39;s committee.
The DSCC is the only organization solely dedicated to supporting Democrats in the U.S. Senate. This message was sent to dj724530@gmail.com because you are a part of the DSCC&rsquo;s grassroots network. Please add us to your address book or approved senders list to make sure you keep receiving DSCC updates.
Emails are a critical way for us to stay in touch with our grassroots supporters. 99% of the DSCC&rsquo;s contributions come from grassroots donors giving less than $200. We also strive to keep you updated on issues related to the Democratic Party&rsquo;s values.
If you&rsquo;d like to stop receiving emails related to this campaign, please
click here .
If you&#39;d like to make a contribution to support us, please
click here . We are already beginning to prepare for the fight ahead &ndash; reclaiming the majority in 2016. It will take every single grassroots supporter, but we know it&rsquo;s possible with your help. If you&rsquo;d like to stop receiving all emails from the DSCC, please
unsubscribe . We greatly appreciate your continued support.
Contributions or gifts to the DSCC are not tax deductible.
