
April 27, 2015
Share this email:
Congressman Griffith's Weekly E-Newsletter 4.27.15
Monday, April 27, 2015 -
Jobs
Jobs continue to be the number one concern in our region, with many parts of our area having experienced higher than average unemployment rates for years.
We often hear about businesses that are struggling or failing; however, there are real life success stories in our region of businesses that are still managing to hire and expand operations.
I had the opportunity to speak with some of these businesses at the April 27, 2015 jobs fair the City of Roanoke hosted in conjunction with my office and the office of Congressman Bob Goodlatte (R-VA-06).
Though my staff and I participate in a number of jobs fairs, this was the first this year that was held in conjunction with my office.
I am hopeful additional fairs will be scheduled in other parts of the district in the future.
I enjoy speaking at events like this job fair with businesses and manufacturers interested in growing in our region and employing those who call it home.
This jobs fair included numerous employers from the Ninth and Sixth Districts
more than 50 organizations including manufacturers, universities, banks, hotels, etc. had agreed to set up booths that would highlight local job and recreation opportunities.
Information on the jobs fair and participating vendors can be found online here:
http://roanokeva.gov/WebMgmt/ywbase61b.nsf/DocName/$fairs .
It is important to note that several organizations have opportunities throughout the Ninth District.
The Virginia Department of Corrections, for example, had several jobs available at their facilities in Buchanan County, Grayson County, and Smyth County.
These positions can be viewed at
http://www.vadoc.virginia.gov .
Other organizations at the jobs fair provided services to Alleghany County and Craig County.
Also present were representatives of the Employer Support of the Guard and Reserve (ESGR), who had information to help veterans struggling to get jobs.
Staff with the Workforce Services office of the Virginia Employment Commissions office in Covington were in attendance as well.
Among others, FreightCar America is looking for welders, along with @Work Personnel Services, who had a number of available opportunities.
Additionally, the Lanford Brothers Company is looking for drivers and others to assist with their construction activities.
Tecton Products is looking to hire folks to assist with the design and manufacture of custom pultrusion products, and Virginia Tech has a wide range of position types available as well.
Supporting Manufacturing
Tecton Products
mentioned above, a designer and manufacturer of pultrusion products
is just one of the Ninth Districts composites manufacturers.
Another composites manufacturer is Strongwell Corporation in Bristol, Virginia.
Recently, I was honored to accept the American Composites Manufacturers Associations Legislator of the Year award, presented in recognition of work that I have done in Congress in support of the composites industry.
Additionally, I was honored to have been awarded the National Association of Manufacturers Award for Manufacturing Legislative Excellence for my work to help enable American manufacturers to compete in the global marketplace.
One of the best ways to help grow manufacturers and businesses in the United States and here in Virginia is to get the government out of the way.
I will continue supporting policies to that end, and will keep looking for opportunities to help businesses and manufacturers find a home and settle in the Ninth District.
You May Be Great and Still Make Mistakes
In World War I, the First Lord of the Admiralty came up with a concept to defeat the Turkish (Ottoman) forces in the Middle East that involved an invasion of Gallipoli at the Dardanelles.
The campaign took place from April 25, 1915 through January 9, 1916, and was ultimately unsuccessful.
The First Lord of the Admiralty was removed from office after the disastrous Gallipoli Campaign.
But while great men can make mistakes, they also can learn and rebound.
The great man in question who came up with the concept of the Gallipoli Campaign would come back to lead Great Britain during World War II.
Thats right
that great man was Winston Spencer-Churchill.
If you have questions, concerns, or comments, feel free to contact my office.
You can call my Abingdon office at 276-525-1405 or my Christiansburg office at 540-381-5671.
To reach my office via email, please visit my website at www.morgangriffith.house.gov.
Also on my website is the latest material from my office, including information on votes recently taken on the floor of the House of Representatives.
###
Washington, DC Office
1108 Longworth HOB
Washington, D.C. 20515
T (202) 225-3861
F (202) 225-0076
Abingdon Office
323 West Main St.
Abingdon, VA 24210
T (276) 525-1405
F (276) 525-1444
Christiansburg Office
17 West Main St.
Christiansburg, VA 24073
T (540) 381-5671
F (540) 381-5675
UPDATE SUBSCRIPTION OPTIONS
|
PRIVACY POLICY
|
CONTACT US
Click Here Click Here