
Friday Mar. 27, 2015
WEBSITE
|
FORWARD TO A FRIEND
| SHARE ON:
Welcome to the second issue of my e-newsletter. I believe strongly that it is my responsibility as your Representative in Congress to keep you closely informed of my work on your behalf, and I thank you for signing up for these regular updates.
First, I want to let you all know that
this coming Tuesday, March 31st,
we are holding a formal "Grand Opening" at my new Cedar Rapids Office. I would love for you all to join me there
The opening will be from 12-1PM at our office at 310 3rd Street SE in Cedar Rapids.
I am happy to report that this week the House passed a budget that actually balances in under 10 years,fully repeals Obamacare, and puts our country on a sustainable fiscal path. As a member of the House Budget Committee I worked closely with my colleagues and our chairman over the last two and half months and can confidently say that this blueprint is a dramatic improvement over the status quo of more spending and more debt. This budget will balance in 5-6 years if this President would sign pro-growth economic policies into law.
Heres a closer look at my activities over the past 2 weeks in Congress:
In Washington:
I continued my hard work to reform Washington, DC by taking the lead on a bill to ban first class travel for members of Congress with my colleague Representative Gwen Graham (D-FL). I think youd agree that taxpayers shouldnt be on the hook for luxury perks like this for politicians.
I also continued to stand up for Iowa agriculture by authoring a bipartisan letter to prohibit any funding for the EPA's Waters of the US (WOTUS) regulations which would hurt our farmers and businesses tremendously. More on that here: http://1.usa.gov/19VocNz
Also, as a member of the House Oversight &amp; Government Reform Committee I had the opportunity to question the FCC Chairman Tom Wheeler about the proposed federal government takeover of the internet. You can watch our exchange here:
In Iowa:
I had a chance to tour the Whitewater Park job site in Manchester. This is a very exciting project that's creating good paying jobs for Iowans!
The Iowa Agriculture Summit was an important event for our state, and I was honored to address farmers and producers from all across Iowa:
Finally, I also had the pleasure of speaking to a very enthusiastic, principled group of freedom-loving students at the Young Americans For Liberty Iowa State Convention. It was encouraging to see so many young people excited about the ideals of limited government.
It is an honor to serve you all in Congress. I will continue to work hard everyday to serve North Eastern Iowa as your Representative.
All the best,
Rod
CONNECT
LATEST NEWS
Waterloo/Cedar Fall Courier: Blum Settling Into Congressional Role While trying To change It.
Rep Blum Leads Efforts To Block Harmful EPA Regulations
Dubuque Telegraph Herald: Blum Salutes 'Amazing' Veterans Freedom Center
Rep Blum Backs Effort To End Travel Perks For Congress
The Washington Times: Mr. Blum Goes To Washington
NOTE: Please DO NOT respond to this email as this inbox is unattended. To contact my office please
click here
UPDATE SUBSCRIPTION OPTIONS
|
PRIVACY POLICY
|
CONTACT US
Click Here Click Here