Friend
Just a quick note
I wanted to share with you the story of an inspiring young man from the Fourth District who I met last week.
Meeting Caleb for the first time, I was immediately impressed by his bright smile, firm handshake, and blend of humility and quiet confidence. This year, Caleb Parsons of Suffolk, Virginia, was named Coast Guard Military Child of the Year
but that is not why he is such a remarkable young man. Caleb stands out because of the faithfulness and integrity he lives with day after day, when no one is watching.
At only 18-years-old, Caleb holds down the home front with his three younger siblings while both parents are deployed. With the help of grandparents and family friends, Caleb juggles caring for his siblings with continued involvement in leadership roles, maintaining high academic standards, and completing his application to the U.S. Military Academy at West Point. Caleb is a Senior Patrol Leader in Boy Scouts of America as well as an Eagle Scout. Hes active in Air Force JROTC, achieving the highest rank authorized in the program, earning the Daedalian Award for patriotism, and being named Outstanding Cadet three times. Caleb is also involved in the Swim Team and Cross Country Track team at Kings Fork High School, where hes been awarded the Co-Captain Varsity Award, Junior Varsity Award, and Sportsmanship Award. While accomplishing all of this, Caleb maintains a 4.21 GPA and pursues Advanced Placement Courses. If you ask Caleb what his goal for the future is, he will tell you he wants to serve his country as a Special Forces Officer.
I think, as parents, most of us have no happier moment than when we look into our childs eyes and say, Im proud of you.
For Caleb, that is not just something his parents can say. It is something his teachers, coaches, mentors, friends, and entire community can say. It is something his nation can say: We are grateful for your service, energized by your passion, and inspired by your example. Caleb, your country is proud of you.
Yours in service,
Randy
Click Here
to view this email in your browser
Click Here
to be removed from this list