DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.0 Transitional//EN" "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml1/DTD/xhtml1-transitional.dtd"
Email Newsletter
Recently in Washington
Last week the House passed several tax related bills designed to help small businesses, home owners, and grow the economy.
H.R. 650, the
Preserving Access to Manufactured Housing Act of 2015,
passed by a vote of 263-162.
This bill allows consumers of small-balance residential loans to have increased access to mortgage credit and ensure the availability of financing options for manufactured homes.
The House also passed H.R. 685, the
Mortgage Choice Act of 2015,
by a vote of 286-140.
It would exclude insurance held in escrow and some fees paid when determining if a mortgage can be classified as a Qualified Mortgage.
The House also passed H.R. 622, the
State and Local Sales Tax Deduction Fairness Act of 2015 , by a vote of 272-152. This bill makes the itemized deduction for state and local general sales taxes permanent.
Finally, the House passed H.R. 1105, the
Death Tax Repeal Act of 2015 , by a vote of 240-179. It would fully repeal the estate tax, the generation skipping tax and reduce the gift tax top rate from 40 percent to 35 percent. Congressman Simpson was supportive of all four bills.
Simpson Cosponsors Legislation to Protect Local Water from EPA
What has become abundantly clear since this rule was proposed is that it would create huge problems throughout the country as well . . .
Congressman Simpson
Idaho Congressman Mike Simpson cosponsored legislation to require the Environmental Protection Agency (EPA) and the U.S. Army Corps of Engineers to withdraw their rule changing the definition of waters of the United States.
H.R. 1732, the Regulatory Integrity Protection Act of 2015, would pull back the flawed rule and ensure that any new rule reflects the input of stakeholders and State and local officials.
Simpson chairs the House Energy and Water Development Appropriations Subcommittee, which oversees the budget for the Army Corps, and serves on the subcommittee that oversees the EPA budget.
I have long been opposed to EPAs efforts to expand its authority under the Clean Water Act because of the devastating impact it would have on Idahos rural towns, local governments, and farmers and ranchers, said Simpson.
What has become abundantly clear since this rule was proposed is that it would create huge problems throughout the country as wellin fact, last year I joined more than half of my colleagues in the House opposing this rule, and EPA has received a record number of comments from the public. H.R. 1732 calls on the agencies to start over, and this time they need to make sure that they respond to the local concerns.
The proposed rule would expand the reach of the Clean Water Act by replacing the term navigable waters with the term waters of the United States.
Non-navigable waters are currently regulated by the states.
Striking this term means that the Act could be broadly interpreted to include everything within a state, including ground water.
Simpson has authored language included in previous appropriations acts to prevent EPA from removing the term navigable waters from the definition of waters subject to EPA and Army Corps regulation under the Clean Water Act.
H.R. 1732 is currently before the House Transportation and Infrastructure Committee.
House Addresses Tax Laws
Congress needs to continue to work towards comprehensive tax reform, and this week the House is moving legislation that begins to show the enormous benefit that a modern and updated tax code can have on our economy.
Congressman Mike Simpson
Last week was tax week, and the U.S. House of Representatives addressed important tax measures that directly impacted families across the country. Idaho Congressman Mike Simpson supported The Death Tax Repeal Act of 2015 (H.R. 1105), State and Local Sales Tax Deduction Fairness Act of 2015 (H.R. 622), Preserving Access to Manufactured Housing Act (H.R. 650), and the Mortgage Choice Act (H.R. 685).
Our current tax code hampers economic growth. If we truly want to get our budget deficit under control, we need to get our economy going again and that means addressing our tax system, said Simpson. Congress needs to continue to work towards comprehensive tax reform, and this week the House is moving legislation that begins to show the enormous benefit that a modern and updated tax code can have on our economy.
The following legislation was before the U.S. House of Representatives last week:
The Death Tax Repeal Act of 2015, H.R. 1105
The estate tax is devastating to family businesses and farms and it is simply unfair. Families spend too much time and money planning for the estate tax rather than focusing on growing their business. If this legislation is signed into law, the estate tax and the generation skipping transfer tax would be repealed.
Passed 4/16/2015 by a vote of 240-179.
State and Local Sales Tax Deduction Fairness Act of 2015, H.R.
622
- Currently an individual may claim an itemized deduction for income and property taxes paid to State and local governments. This legislation would make these itemized deductions permanent.
Passed 4/16/2015 by a vote of 240-179.
Preserving Access to Manufactured House Act, H.R. 650
The Dodd-Frank Act regulatory burden affects consumers access to affordable credit. This legislation would modify the Dodd-Frank Act to ensure that consumers can continue to have access to affordable manufactured housing by altering the definition of a high-cost mortgage.
Passed 4/14/2015 by a vote of 263
162.
The Mortgage Choice Act, H.R. 685
This legislation would provide clarity to the calculation of points and fees in mortgage transactions, allowing more loans to be classified as Qualified Mortgages and increasing options for borrowers.
Passed 4/14/2015 by a vote of 286
140.
Committee Schedule
Wednesday
At 10:45 a.m., the House Appropriations Committee will markup up Congressman Simpsons Energy and Water Appropriations Bill for Fiscal Year (FY) 2016.
The Committee will also mark up the Military Construction and Veterans Affairs Appropriations Bill for FY16 and report on the 302(b) suballocations.
Thursday
At 10:00 a.m., the House Labor, Health and Human Services, Education Appropriations Subcommittee will hold a hearing regarding programs supporting Native Americans.
Floor Schedule
MONDAY, APRIL 20TH
On Monday, the House met at 2:00 p.m. in pro forma session. No votes occurred.
TUESDAY, APRIL 21ST
On Tuesday, the House will meet at 12:00 p.m. for morning hour and 2:00 p.m. for legislative business. Votes will be postponed until 6:30 p.m.
Legislation Considered Under Suspension of the Rules:
1)
H.R. 471
- Ensuring Patient Access and Effective Drug Enforcement Act of 2015, as amended
(Sponsored by Rep. Tom Marino / Energy and Commerce Committee)
2)
S. 535
- Energy Efficiency Improvement Act of 2015
(Sponsored by Sen. Rob Portman / Energy and Commerce Committee)
3)
H. Con. Res. 21
- Authorizing the use of the Capitol Grounds for the Greater Washington Soap Box Derby
(Sponsored by Rep. Steny Hoyer / Transportation and Infrastructure Committee)
4)
H. Con. Res. 25
- Authorizing the use of the Capitol Grounds for the National Peace Officers Memorial Service and the National Honor Guard and Pipe Band Exhibition
(Sponsored by Rep. Lou Barletta / Transportation and Infrastructure Committee)
H.R. 1195
- Bureau of Consumer Financial Protection Advisory Boards Act (Structured Rule)
(Sponsored by Rep. Robert Pittenger / Financial Services Committee)
The Rule provides for one hour of general debate and makes in order the following amendments:
Rep. Ann Kuster Amendment #1
(10 minutes of debate)
Rep. Ann Kuster Amendment #2
(10 minutes of debate)
WEDNESDAY, APRIL 22ND
On Wednesday, the House will meet at 10:00 a.m. for morning hour and 12:00 p.m. for legislative business.
H.R. 1560
- Protecting Cyber Networks Act (Subject to a Rule)
(Sponsored by Rep. Devin Nunes / Permanent Select Intelligence Committee)
THURSDAY, APRIL 23RD
On Thursday, the House will meet at 9:00 a.m. for legislative business. Last votes expected no later than 3:00 p.m.
H.R. 1731
- National Cybersecurity Protection Advancement Act of 2015, Rules Committee Print (Subject to a Rule)
(Sponsored by Rep. Michael McCaul / Homeland Security Committee)
FRIDAY, APRIL 24TH
On Friday, no votes are expected in the House.
In the News
House unveils bill attacking Obama energy, water priorities
By Daniel Bush, Annie Snider and Manuel Quiones, Environment and Energy Publishing, April 14, 2015
House Republicans today released a spending bill for energy and water programs that would block the Obama administration's controversial water rule for a year while boosting funding for fossil energy programs and a long-stalled effort to reopen the Yucca Mountain nuclear waste repository site.
The bill, which would provide fiscal 2016 funding for the Department of Energy, Army Corps of Engineers and other agencies, is scheduled to be marked up tomorrow by the House Energy and Water Development and Related Agencies Appropriations Subcommittee.
The legislation will likely be on the House floor in the coming weeks and is expected to pass the lower chamber by the beginning of next month, House Majority Leader Kevin McCarthy (R-Calif.) told GOP members last week ( E&amp;ENews PM , April 9).
Overall, the bill would provide $35.4 billion to the covered agencies, a $1.2 billion increase from current spending levels but $633 million below President Obama's budget request for energy and water programs.
The bill includes $5.6 billion for the Army Corps, a $142 million hike over fiscal 2015 spending levels, and $10.3 billion for energy programs under DOE, a $64 million boost over the amount Congress enacted last year, according to a committee summary.
Although the bill would increase overall energy spending, it focuses on boosting funding for fossil energy and nuclear while cutting money for renewable energy programs, setting up a showdown between House Republicans and the White House as Obama races to implement his climate and energy agenda before he leaves office in January 2017.
"This is a responsible bill that prioritizes national security needs and improving our nation's infrastructure within tight budget caps," said Rep. Mike Simpson (R-Idaho), chairman of the energy and water Appropriations subcommittee. "It makes critical investments in the maintenance and safety of our nuclear weapons stockpile, while also funding important infrastructure projects and research that will increase U.S. economic competitiveness and growth."
DOE: Renewables, efficiency cut; fossil sees boost
The House bill would provide $1.7 billion to DOE's Office of Energy Efficiency and Renewable Energy, a $279 million cut from current spending levels and significantly less than the $2.7 billion Obama requested.
House Republicans have used the appropriations process to signal their opposition to increased renewable energy funding and support for spending on fossil fuel programs.
The legislation would fund DOE's fossil energy research and development efforts at $605 million, an increase of $34 million from fiscal 2015 levels. The goal is to boost funding for research related to coal, natural gas and oil, including carbon capture and sequestration.
The bill would boost nuclear research, development and demonstration activities by $23 million to $936 million. The legislation would also provide $5.9 billion for environmental cleanup efforts, a $39 million increase over current spending levels. A majority of the money, $5.1 billion, would go toward cleaning up former nuclear weapons production and research facilities.
Bill sets up fight over Yucca
The cuts to DOE energy programs would help offset a $150 million boost in nuclear waste disposal funding that House Republicans want to spend on reopening the controversial Yucca Mountain site in Nevada.
The bill also includes $50 million for the Nuclear Regulatory Commission to continue reviewing DOE's application to build a repository under the mountain, about 100 miles northwest of Las Vegas.
The Obama administration shuttered the project, which is fiercely opposed by Senate Minority Leader Harry Reid (D-Nev.), but GOP lawmakers are continuing to push to have the site reopened.
Rep. John Shimkus (R-Ill.) led a bipartisan House trip to Yucca Mountain last week to draw attention to the issue ( Greenwire , April 10). Simpson has also made reopening the site a top priority.
But Simpson said yesterday that the effort will ultimately be decided in the Senate, where Reid will continue to fight the project until he retires at the end of next year ( E&amp;E Daily , April 14).
Army Corps, Reclamation
The House measure offers the next move in the annual dance over Army Corps funding, in which the White House, regardless of party, lowballs funding levels for the water infrastructure agency and Congress goes about plussing them up.
This year the House proposes bumping the Army Corps' overall budget up to $5.6 billion -- $142 million higher than the fiscal 2015 enacted levels and $865 million more than the Obama administration requested.
The measure would raise the corps' all-important construction account to just over $1.6 billion, a more than $450 million increase over the president's request but a $9 million dip from fiscal 2015 enacted levels. And it would give the agency's operations and maintenance account a $149 million bump, up to $3.058 billion.
Navigation interests would be among the bigger beneficiaries of the extra funding, although the $2.4 billion allocated for such projects and studies in the bill is still less than the $2.755 billion that they were asking for ( E&amp;E Daily , March 12).
The measure would spend $1.178 billion of the Harbor Maintenance Trust Fund for its intended purpose, a $12 million increase over fiscal 2015 levels but well short of the $1.25 billion target set in last year's Water Resources Reform and Development Act. The trust fund is fed by a 0.125 percent ad valorem tax on goods that arrive on U.S. docks, but to the frustration of navigation interests, only about half the fund's revenues have been put to use for their intended purpose in recent years, with the balance being used to offset federal spending elsewhere in the budget.
The Inland Waterways Trust Fund saw more of its wishes granted in the House bill.
After shifting a greater share of the most expensive project on the country's system of locks and dams last year to federal taxpayers and winning a 9-cent fuel tax increase to fund the trust fund, industry's pot of money to fund its share of construction project costs is growing.
The House bill would put the trust fund's balance to full use, building new lock and dam projects and undertaking major rehabilitations of aging and failing ones.
For the Bureau of Reclamation and other Interior Department water programs, the measure would appropriate $1.1 billion -- $1 million below the president's request and a $35 million dip from fiscal 2015, which included additional funding to respond to the entrenched drought gripping the western United States.
The measure would fund major environmental restoration programs -- namely the Central Valley project restoration fund and the California Bay-Delta restoration program -- at roughly the same levels as last year.
Policy riders
With the Obama administration preparing to finalize its "Waters of the U.S." rule -- aimed at clearing up years of confusion over which streams and wetlands fall under the protection of the Clean Water Act -- Republicans are gearing up to attempt to block its implementation through the appropriations process.
The House measure would prevent the Army Corps, which runs the Clean Water Act permitting program for dredging and filling waters and wetlands that fall under the law, from using funds to implement the new rule. The bill would also turn down the administration's request for a $5 million increase to the corps' regulatory program, which Assistant Secretary of the Army for Civil Works Jo-Ellen Darcy has said would be used to implement the new regulation ( E&amp;E Daily , Feb. 3).
Meanwhile, the appropriations measure carries forward policy language from the fiscal 2015 spending bill that reiterates Clean Water Act permit exemptions for normal farming practices and maintenance of irrigation ditches and other infrastructure.
The legislation would also bar the Obama administration from changing the definition of fill material under the Clean Water Act. Even though the corps and U.S. EPA have not expressed plans for a change, such a move would limit Appalachian mountaintop-removal mining and hardrock mining activities.
Appropriations Chairman Hal Rogers (R-Ky.) has for years made sure the riders remain in place, hoping to prevent increased administration scrutiny of mines in and around his district. Environmentalists have for years been pressing for a new definition of "fill."
The bill also includes a policy rider to allow visitors to campgrounds and hiking trails managed by the Army Corps to carry firearms.
While loaded guns have been allowed in national parks and wildlife refuges since Congress passed a law dictating it in 2009, they are still prohibited at the nearly 12 million acres of land managed by the corps. Rep. Bob Gibbs (R-Ohio), chairman of the House Transportation and Infrastructure subcommittee with jurisdiction over the corps, has introduced a stand-alone measure to allow firearms at such sites, and a similar provision was included in the Senate's "Bipartisan Sportsman's Act," S. 405 ( Greenwire , March 17).
One regular policy rider is missing from the bill at this point, though -- the annual prohibition on the corps implementing new guidelines for weighing federal investments in water projects. The corps currently uses 30-year-old guidelines, but after Hurricane Katrina, Congress mandated that new ones be written to place a greater weight on environmental considerations when planning major water projects.
Those new guidelines, called "principles and requirements," were released by the Obama administration in March 2013, but while other federal agencies are preparing to implement them, Congress has repeatedly blocked the corps from moving forward through policy riders.
In the fiscal 2015 spending bill, appropriators expressed persistent concerns over the issue, so a policy rider carrying forward the prohibition could still surface as the appropriations process moves forward.
Contact Mike
Issues
Other News
MEDIA CENTER
Simpson meets with the Snake River Valley Chapter of the Military Officers Association of America
If you are having trouble reading this message, try viewing the
web version
BIOGRAPHY
|
NEWS CENTER
|
ISSUES
|
SERVICES FOR YOU
|
2ND DISTRICT
|
CONTACT
Click Here Click Here