
Share:
Click here to view this
message in your browser
Dear Neighbor,
It is my privilege to represent one of the most scenic areas of the country. From Skagit Valley&rsquo;s Tulip Festival to the San Juan Islands coastlines to the river deltas along the Puget Sound, the Second Congressional District is one of a kind. In celebration of Earth Day, I would like to share with you a few of my efforts in Congress to protect our unique environment in the Pacific Northwest and across the globe.
Healthy estuaries like the Puget Sound support healthy fish, birds and other wildlife, as well as driving important economic activities like trade, fishing, tourism and outdoor recreation. Healthy estuaries also help capture carbon dioxide emissions out of the air, as a report last year about the Snohomish Estuary found. That is why I am pushing to support estuary restoration and preservation.
My bill to fund the National Estuary Program passed the House Transportation and Infrastructure Committee last week . My bill would continue funding local efforts to preserve sensitive estuaries and their wildlife through 2020.
The iconic salmon is a cultural symbol for our region, as well as an environmental linchpin. Our salmon population also supports jobs and provides economic benefits to the communities throughout the Pacific Northwest. To protect this critical fish, I am leading efforts to invest in the Pacific Coastal Salmon Recovery Fund. The fund was established in 2000 to reverse the decline of salmon in the region, and it is working. Hundreds of thousands of acres of salmon habitat have been improved and more than 5,000 miles of streams are now more accessible for spawning populations.
Our focus on keeping our local environment healthy must also include efforts to curb the devastating effects of climate change.
I support President Obama&rsquo;s plan to cut U.S. greenhouse gas emissions
by 26 percent to 28 percent below 2005 levels by 2025. I recently reaffirmed this in a letter to the President, and I applauded his efforts with China and the United Nations to reduce fossil fuel use and protect our environment.
I worked with many people in our communities to achieve important victories for our environment during the last Congress, including
designating Illabot Creek in Skagit County as Wild and Scenic . I look forward to more successes for lands, waters and wildlife in the future, to keep our region healthy and beautiful.
Sincerely,
Rick Larsen
United States Representative
Washington State, 2nd Congressional District
Sign Up for Updates
|
Contact my Office
Unsubscribe
