
If you are
having trouble viewing this message or would like to share it on a social
network, you can
view
the message online .
HOME
CONTACT
US
CONSTITUENT SERVICES
ISSUES AND LEGISLATION
May 03, 2015
EVENT: Upcoming Veterans Resource
Fair On Friday, May 8 th :
I am
honored to host my fourth Veterans Resource Fair in Topeka next Friday, May
8 th
from 9:00 AM until 1:00 PM to assist and honor our area
veterans!
If you or someone in your family has served our
great country andisinterested in what services are available to you,
please join me in Topeka on Friday, May 8th where you will be united
with various Veteran Service Providers to navigate the important
services you have earned. To see more information, register a booth or get in
touch with my office
click here
and if you
would like to download the flyer for the event please
click here .
A
Balanced Budget For A Stronger America :
This week,
the House passed the FY2016 Budget Conference Report .
The budget represents a positive vision for our future to grow our
economy and create jobs.
Not only does this budget achieve
balance, but it ensures a strong national defense, allows for
expandedAmerican energy, and cuts waste. Passing a budget that balances
demonstrates our commitment to the American people to make responsible
decisions and help hardworking families get ahead.
I spoke this
week at the Republican Leadership Press Conference on what balancing our
budget means for hardworking Americans. To watch my remarks
click here .
Speaking At The Bob Dole
Institute Of Politics:
It was an honor
to deliver the annual Dole Lecture at the Dole Institute of
Politics
at the University of Kansas last Sunday. Thank you to everyone
who attended and for the great questions about my work in House
leadership and what we can do as women to continue shaping policy in Kansas
and America.
Senator Dole has long been a mentor and a close
friend, and it is a privilege to join the great list of speakers who
have spoken at the Dole Institute and have an opportunity to pass on
some of the wisdom he has given me over the years.
Photo
Credit: Justin Wingerter | Topeka
Capital-Journal
Senate Mark-up of 529 Legislation:
On Wednesday,
the Senate Finance Committee passed S. 335
unanimously
out of committee . S. 335 was introduced by Senator Chuck Grassley
(R-IA) and is the companion legislation to my billto expand 529
college savings plan. This comes after my bill passed in the House with a
remarkable 401 votes .
This vote means
we are now one step closer to better helping hardworking families save
and plan ahead for the costs of attending higher education. After the
American people overwhelming rejected the Presidents plan to tax 529
college savings accounts, Congress has come together and moved
legislation that would help folks around the country struggling to send
their children to college.
The bipartisan backing of this
proposal demonstrates the depth and sincerity of the sentiment over the
value of expanding 529 college savings plans. This is only the third tax
markup that the Senate Finance Committee has held this sessionwhich
signifies just how important this legislation is to the American people,
and I believe there is a real chance this legislation becomes law
providing real aid to families struggling with spiraling tuition
costs.
To watch my remarks on the importance of 529 plans for our
country please
click here .
Expanding Access To Rural Anesthesiology Care:
This
week, along with Congressman Emanuel Cleaver, II. (D-MO),
I introduced the Medicare Access to Rural Anesthesiology
Act of 2015
which would expand access to rural anesthesiology
care.
This bill would help ensure folks living in these
communities have a system that functions efficiently and cost-effectively, and
encourages physicians to practice there.
Im proud of this
bipartisan legislation that would increase access to anesthesiology
professionals for our rural hospitals and start tackling the growing
shortage of anesthesiologists in rural
communities.
Meeting With The Kansas Beer Wholesalers:
I had a
great meeting with folks from the Kansas Beer Wholesalers Association on
Tuesday. We had an interesting discussion about pending legislation
before Congress and the effect of state regulations back home in
Kansas.
Talking With The Wichita Chamber of
Commerce:
I really enjoyed chatting with representatives
from the Wichita Chamber of Commerce on Thursday and hearing about some
of the priorities and concerns they have for the future.
Chatting With The Kiwanis Kansas Delegation:
It
was fascinating meeting with the Kiwanis Kansas delegation in
Washington this week and learning more about who they are and what they do to
help communities around the world.
Discussing Ideas With The
Fraternal Government Relations Council:
It was
interesting to meet with the Fraternal Government Relations Council and talk
about some of their ongoing concerns. I especially enjoyed meeting
the two students from my alma mater of K-State and my sons current
school of Baker!
Upcoming Coffees with Your
Congresswoman:
Next week, I will be hosting a
Coffee with your Congresswoman in Yates Center. I hope you can drop by,
have a cup of coffee, and speak with me directly about the issues most
important to them. Listening to Kansans is my top priority and I look
forward to hearing your ideas and bringing them to Washington each
and every week.
Yates Center
Coffee
When:
1:30 p.m. on Monday, May 4,
2015
Location:
Ambulance Service Meeting Room,
114 N Main
Washington, DC Office
1526 Longworth HOB
Washington, D.C. 20515
Phone: (202) 225-6601
Fax: (202)
225-7986
Pittsburg Office
1001 N. Broadway Street #C
Pittsburg, KS 66762
Phone:
(620) 231-LYNN (5966)
Fax: (620)
231-5972
Topeka Office
3550 SW 5th Street
Topeka, KS 66606
Phone: (785)
234-LYNN (5966)
Fax: (785) 234-5967
Independence Office
120 N. 6th
Street
Independence, KS 67301
Phone: (620) 231-LYNN (5966)
Fax: (620) 231-5972
Unsubscribe
|
Update
My Profile
|
Privacy Policy
gateway mail end
