
Week in Review | April 3, 2015
Click here
if you have trouble viewing this email
Week in Review
Dear Friend,
Thanks for subscribing to receive my e-newsletter! Check out some of the highlights from this past week
in Central New York.
Commitment to Manufacturing
I toured a great local manufacturer, Morse Manufacturing, and met with members of the Manufacturers Association of Central New York (MACNY).
I strongly believe that manufacturing is the backbone of our local economy and
I'm committed to improving our local business climate so that we can allow manufacturing to grow and thrive in CNY.
Secretary of Defense Visits Syracuse
I was honored and humbled to speak with Secretary of Defense Ashton Carter during his visit to Syracuse University.
We had a great conversation about the importance of the 174th Attack Wing and continuing the dialogue and research on veterans health care.
Following the address by the Secretary of Defense, I stopped by Starbucks, where I ran into some ROTC and Maxwell students.
Through the Schultz Family Foundation, Starbucks has recently partnered with the Institute for Veterans and Military Families at SU and the Department of Defense to provide civilian-sector skills training to service members through a great program called Onward to Opportunity.
Honoring the Lakers
This year, the Skaneateles Boys Hockey team won the New York State championship for the school's first state title in 26 years!
I had the honor of presenting each athlete and Coach Mitch Major with a copy of a statement that I submitted for the Congressional Record on their behalf.
I could not be more proud to congratulate these young men on their tremendous season!
Sportsman's Dinner in Wayne County
There was a great turnout at the annual sportsman's dinner at the Heritage Baptist Church in Palmyra!
I always enjoy catching up with folks in Wayne County.
Visiting a New Local Media Venture
I had the opportunity to visit a prospering CNY start-up tech company, Venturetechnica LLC.
During my visit, I taped a podcast with Founder and CEO Matt Masur.
I'm proud to support this new local media outlet and all of the thriving new businesses getting their start right here at
the Tech Garden II in Syracuse!
Click here
to listen to my podcast.
Thanks again for subscribing to my e-newsletter.
Robin and I wish you and your family a very happy Easter and Passover!
Sincerely,
John Katko (NY-24)
Member of Congress
CONNECT
IN THE NEWS
Rep. John Katko to NCAA President: Reconsider sanctions against Syracuse University basketball team
"The sanctions imposed by the NCAA on Syracuse University do the most harm to student-athletes -- the very individuals the NCAA is charged to protect."
HOW CAN WE HELP YOU?
Our constituent service team is made up of experienced caseworkers and trained social workers who specialize in helping constituents and their families solve problems with federal agencies.
Please contact my Syracuse District Office at (315) 423-5657 if you would like assistance with:
Dealing with Federal agencies
Purchasing U.S. Flags
Military Academy Nominations
Tours and tickets for your visit to Washington, D.C.
Internships
CALLING ALL NY-24 STUDENT ARTISTS
Each spring,
a nationwide high school arts competition
is sponsored by the Members of the U.S. House of Representatives.
The Artistic Discovery Contest is an opportunity to recognize and encourage the artistic talent in CNY and across our nation.
The Competition is open to all high school students in NY-24, and the winning work of art will be displayed for one year in the U.S. Capitol.
I encourage all high school artists to read more about this exciting opportunity,
here .
Forward to a Friend
|
Share on Facebook
|
Share on Twitter
|
Permalink
Syracuse, NY District Office
440 South Warren St.
7th Floor Suite 711
Syracuse, NY 13202
P: (315) 423-5657
F: (315) 423-5604
Auburn, NY Regional Office
71 Genesee St.
Auburn, NY 13021
P: (315) 253-4068
F: (315) 253-2435
Washington, DC Office
1123 Longworth HOB
Washington, DC 20515
P: 202.225.3701
F: 202.225.4042
UPDATE SUBSCRIPTION OPTIONS
|
PRIVACY POLICY
|
CONTACT US
Click Here Click Here