
Healthcare at Home
Last week, I had the great privilege of visiting the Johnson County Community Healthcare center. Based in Wrightsville, the Johnson County Community Healthcare center services many 10 th
District constituents and it was a pleasure to tour the facility. During my visit, I discussed the challenges facing rural healthcare needs with Dr. Jean Sumner, the Associate Dean of Rural Health at Mercer University, Chief Executive Officer of Johnson Community Clinic Carla Belcher, and other staff members of this fantastic community based healthcare center. It was a special surprise to meet Ms. Sharon King, site-coordinator of the facility, and sister of UGA legend Herschel Walker. While Herschel has received many accolades throughout his career, it was incredible to learn of Ms. Kings and the entire centers many achievements.
Ms. Sharon King presenting autographed photo of her brother Herschel Walker.
Farmers and Friends in Washington County
While touring the District last week, I was proud to get an in depth view of the agricultural community in Washington County. I joined the Washington County Farm Bureau and during our tour, I had the pleasure of visiting farm sites operated by the Hitchcocks and discussed how the proposed Waters of the US law would affect local farmers. I also had the privilege of touring Veal Farms with the Veal family and Georgia Farm Bureau President Zippy Duvall. Knowing that agriculture is Georgias number one business, I was thrilled to hear from local farmers and friends about their federal legislative concerns.
Georgia Farm Bureau President Zippy Duvall, myself, and Mrs. Amber Veal on Veal Farm.
Timber Talks
As a member of the House Natural Resources Committee, I am always searching for ways to lessen the burden of regulations imposed by the Environmental Protection Agency that hurt the natural resources community. Last week, I attended the first Timber Talks event hosted by the Forest Landowners Association (FLA). Throughout the day, roughly fifty members of the FLA community and I conversed about the necessity for strong markets to ensure the continued success of healthy forests, and overbearing environmental regulations that prevent these forests from flourishing. It was great to meet with FLA Chief Executive Officer Mike Kelly and over fifty members of the FLA community in order to gain greater insight to the inner-workings of the forest landowners community in Georgia.
Meeting with representatives of the Forest Landowners Association.
It's Time to end "Official Time"
In order to reign in out of control spending in Washington, I introduced H.R. 1658, the Federal Employee Accountability Act. After examining the practices of over sixty government agencies, my office has found an astounding amount of government waste Official time is the practice by which federal employees are paid by taxpayers to perform duties not related to the mission of their agency and instead perform union-related activities. This practice, which began under the Carter Administration, is directly responsible for the federal government spending $157 million and 3.4 million man hours per year on activities that are often political in nature. The Federal Employee Accountability Act would ensure that no federal government employee could use official time to engage in collective bargaining, or participate in arbitration on behalf of a union against their employer. By eliminating the official time practice, we will return over a billion dollars to hardworking American taxpayers and shed this wasteful practice that only benefits unions. To learn more about my bill, H.R. 1658, which is endorsed by Heritage Action, please click
here .
Go Dawgs
While the nation may hail the many accomplishments of the University of Georgias elite athletics program, I was proud to learn more about this leading research institutions endeavors right here in the Tenth District. This week I met with UGA President Jere Moorehead to discuss the exciting things taking place on campus. UGA has one of the leading complex carbohydrate research facilities where work is ongoing on a multitude of projects including searching for a cancer vaccine. I also had the opportunity to join Dean Schuster of the GRU/UGA Medical Partnership and others on a tour of the institution that has now graduated two classes. This Partnership is directly responsible for educating the future physicians of our nation. I am proud of the work taking place here and I am excited for the future of this program.
Pictured from left: Dean Barbara Schuster, Griff Doyle, Andrew Dill, myself, Allison McCullick.
WEBSITE
|
UNSUBSCRIBE
|
CONTACT
Click Here Click Here