
Rick's Weekly Report
to sign up click
here
Friend,
This week, the House passed legislation to help protect American citizens and businesses from cyber threats around the world.
Recent high profile hacks into government systems and the systems of major companies like Target and Sony Pictures have compromised the personal information of Americans, posed risks to national security, and shown the growing need to strengthen cybersecurity protections.
The two bills the House approved will help guard our systems by encouraging the secure sharing of cyber threat information to prevent attacks now and in the future. Importantly, these measures also put necessary safeguards in place to protect the personal privacy and civil liberties of all Americans.
Click here to read more about the Protecting Cyber Networks Act , and you can
learn more about the National Cybersecurity Protection Advancement Act of 2015 here.
I always enjoy welcoming students from the 12th district who are visiting our nation's capital. This week, I had the chance to visit with a great group from Vidalia Heritage Academy on the House steps during their trip to Washington.
(Congressman Allen visits with a group of students from Vidalia Heritage Academy on the steps of the House of Representatives in Washington, D.C.)
I also spoke on the House floor to commend my colleagues for working together to approve The Death Tax Repeal Act of 2015
last week and to call on the Senate to quickly pass this needed legislation. The death tax hurts our economy and forces many families out of a legacy they worked hard to build. It's time to repeal it once and for all.
Click here or the image below to watch my remarks.
Finally, spring has sprung, and it's one of the best times of the year to visit Washington.
I hope you'll contact my office for a tour if you are planning a trip to DC
and come see us in 513 Cannon House Office Building.
You can request a tour through my website here.
Sincerely,
Rick Allen
Member of Congress
WEBSITE
|
UNSUBSCRIBE
|
CONTACT
Click Here Click Here