
Having trouble reading this email?
Click here
to view in your browser.
Website
|
About Phil
|
First District
|
Constituent Services
|
Newsroom
|
Issues
|
Legislation
|
Contact Me
Lower Taxes Help Hardworking Families
Next Wednesday, April 15, or Tax Day, is the deadline set by the Internal Revenue Service (IRS) for filing taxes. While Americans have become accustomed to seeing higher taxes under President Obama, thanks to ObamaCare, Americans now have to worry about receiving the wrong information from the government when filing their taxes.
At the end of February, the Obama administration announced it had sent incorrect tax forms to some 800,000 Americans who had signed up for Obamacare. Despite promises that affected taxpayers would receive their correct forms the first week of March, tens of thousands were still waiting at the end of the month. On April 4, the Treasury Department announced the filing deadline for those that had been sent the incorrect forms would be extended through October 15. On the heels of the Lois Lerner scandal at the IRS, I am more than a little concerned that the leadership within this agency is completely incompetent.
Tax season provides an opportunity to talk about the things we can do to simplify our overly complicated tax code and lower rates for hardworking Americans, but, instead, were dealing with yet another Obamacare crisis. Its absolutely ridiculous that the uncertainty caused by the presidents health care law is so far-reaching that it is straining families during a time of the year that is already complicated and stressful for many.
Each year the Tax Foundation calculates Tax Freedom Day, or the day the country as a whole has earned enough to pay the total tax bill for the year. This year Tax Freedom Day is April 24. This means that 100 percent of the money earned by American workers during the first 114 days of the year goes toward taxes. As Ive said before, I dont think we need to ask taxpayers for a single dime more than they pay now since we cant spend the money the government currently takes in wisely. In
last weeks column
I talked a lot about why its important to balance the budget, and I believe lowering taxes is just as important to economic growth.
I am pleased that Ways and Means Committee Chairman Paul Ryan is working to reform our tax code, and I know House Republicans have many ideas for fixing our broken system. For example, I have cosponsored the Fair Tax Act, which eliminates the income tax, payroll tax, estate tax and replaces it with a national sales tax. I am also a cosponsor of the Tax Code Termination Act, which would scrap the Internal Revenue Code and require Congress to develop a new system that reduces taxes for the American people. I believe either of these bills would be a step in the right direction by returning power to the people and letting the taxpayers decide how best to spend their hard-earned pay. Tennessee has a sales tax and were able to maintain a balanced budget while providing a great quality of life. These are the kinds of solutions we need to get our countrys fiscal house back in order.
Please rest assured I will continue to support commonsense proposals to ease the tax burden on American families and will work with my colleagues to purse true and comprehensive tax reform.
Feel free to contact my office if we can be of assistance to you or your family. Our contact information can be found on our website,
www.roe.house.gov .
CONNECT WITH US
E-News Sign-up
Forward to a Friend
Contact Phil
Washington, DC Office
407 Cannon House Office Bldg
Washington, DC 20515
Phone: (202) 225-6356
Fax: (202) 225-5714
Kingsport Office
205 Revere Street
Kingsport, TN 37660
Phone:(423) 247-8161
Fax:(423) 247-0119
Morristown Office
1609 Walters State CC Drive, Suite 4
Morristown, TN 37813
Phone:(423) 254-1400
Fax:(423) 254-1403
Click Here Click Here