
NOTE: Please DO NOT respond to this email as this inbox is unattended. To contact my office please
click here
ABOUT
SERVICES
ISSUES &amp; LEGISLATION
MEDIA CENTER
RESOURCES
CONTACT
ESPAOL
For Immediate Release
Contact: Nelly Decker
Thursday, April 9, 2015
(202) 225-9897
(Photo Release) Rep. Veasey Presents Restored Medals for Dallas Veteran
Sergeant Stephanie Y. Hanson, Dallas Army Veteran, presented with medals at the Congressmans Dallas Office
Dallas, Texas Earlier today, Congressman Marc Veasey, TX-33, presented Sergeant Stephanie Y. Hanson, Dallas resident and Army veteran, with restored medals. Sgt. Hanson originally contacted Veaseys office to obtain her missing military medical records and learned about additional services offered to district veterans.
Sergeant Hansons honorable service in the U.S. Army for 8 years, including Europe and Korea, earned her the Army Commendation Medal, Army Achievement Medal, and a Good Conduct Medal. After her service in the U.S. Army, Sgt. Hanson continued to serve 2 additional years in the Army National Guard.
Upon completion of service in the U.S. Army, Sgt. Hanson earned her Associates degree from Central Texas College in 1992. Sgt. Hanson plans to continue her studies in Spring 2016 when she will attend the University of North Texas to complete her Bachelors Degree.
Dallas, Texas (Thursday, April 9, 2015) Sergeant Stephanie Hanson of Dallas and Congressman Veasey, pose for a photo with her restored Army medals.
The 33 rd
Congressional District contains roughly 18,000 veterans, six percent of whom are women, said Congressman Veasey. I am greatly humbled to honor Sgt. Hanson and her family for her valiant service to our nation.
Since being elected to the House of Representatives in 2013, Congressman Veasey has worked tirelessly to assist residents in the DFW Metroplex navigate federal agencies on various issues. Metroplex veterans and the family members of deceased veterans may request military records and medals by contacting Congressman Veaseys Fort Worth Office at 817-920-9086, Dallas Office at 214-741-1387 or by visiting the Congressmans official website at:
http://veasey.house.gov/resources/veterans-resources .
Residents are also encouraged to recognize the service and sacrifice of veterans in the 33 rd
Congressional District through Congressman Veaseys Congressional Veterans Commendation (CVC) program, a nominations-based program celebrated annually in November. For more information on the CVC nomination process, please contact Daniela Huerta at
Daniela.huerta@mail.house.gov
or call our
Dallas Office
at 214-741-1387 or
Fort Worth Office
at
(817-920-9086).
###
NOTE: Please DO NOT respond to this email as this inbox is unattended. To contact my office please
click here
UNSUBSCRIBE
|
PRIVACY POLICY
|
CONTACT US
Click Here Click Here