DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.0 Transitional//EN" "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml1/DTD/xhtml1-transitional.dtd"
District Update | May 1, 2015
Click here
if you have trouble viewing this email
Dear Friends,
California continues to suffer from the worst drought in 1,200 years and federal agencies are still buying expensive water only to waste it. The U.S. Department of the Interiors Bureau of Reclamation has purchased water only to release it to the ocean in order to preserve fish; in one instance, 4.8 billion gallons of water were ordered to be flushed into the Delta to save
6 trout . This is unacceptable at a time when Californians are being asked to dramatically reduce their water usage or face draconian fines.
The U.S. House of Representatives has passed
H.R. 2028 , the fiscal year 2016 Energy and Water Appropriations bill, legislation I supported that would prohibit funds from being used to purchase water for the sole purpose of releasing it for environmental purposes. Resources are scarce and every drop of water is incredibly valuable. Our focus should be to provide more water to Californian businesses and families, and thats what this legislation would do.
The legislation also puts jobs and economic growth first by maintaining the ports and waterways critical to our local economy, including the ports of Long Beach and Los Angeles. These two ports are responsible for 40% of all U.S. imports alone and employ thousands of Californians. We need to ensure these gateways remain open and accessible to businesses of all kind.
This critical legislation passed the House by a bipartisan vote of 240 to 177 today and now awaits consideration by the U.S. Senate. I will urge my colleagues to act swiftly, for the good of our state.
Sincerely,
Ed Royce
News for April 24 - May 1, 2015
Rep. Royce Meets with CSUF Student in Washington
Haroon Khan, a California State University, Fullerton student that transferred from a community college, recently
visited
the Royce office as he presented his gravitational-wave research on colliding black holes in Washington. Rep. Royce and Haroon discussed the latest at CSUF and the young man's plan to work at NASA.
Rep. Royce Tours Placentia-Linda Hospital
Rep. Royce recently
toured
Placentia-Linda Hospital and spoke with doctors, nurses, and administrators about the facility and the services it offers. Rep. Royce also discussed his efforts to ensure that Medicare is on sound financial footing for generations to come and Medicare healthcare providers are properly reimbursed.
Rep. Royce Announces Congressional Art Competition Exhibition
Rep. Royce will host a Congressional Art Competition Exhibition for the nearly 100 high school students from the 39th Congressional District of California that submitted an entry to the contest. The winner of the contest will be announced at the exhibition and his or her artwork will be displayed in the United States Capitol alongside winning pieces from every Congressional district across the country:
"The Congressional Art Competition is an opportunity for the talented young people of our community to showcase their creative skills and I was delighted to receive a record amount of submissions this year" said Rep. Royce. "I look forward to personally congratulating all of the contest entrants and announcing the contest's winner, whose work will be proudly displayed in our nation's capital."
Event details are as follows:
What: Congressional Art Competition Exhibition
Location: Fullerton Museum Center
Address: 301 N. Pomona Avenue, Fullerton, CA 92832
Date: Tuesday, May 5, 2015
Time: 6:00 P.M. - 8:00 P.M.
The exhibition is free to attend and open to the public.
Rep. Royce has also
posted photographs
of each submission on his Congressional Facebook page and invites you to choose your favorite submission. The winning artist of this contest will receive the "Fan Favorite" award.
CONNECT
Facebook
Youtube
ORANGE COUNTY OFFICE
210 W. Birch Street, Ste 201
Brea, CA 92821
T (714) 255-0101 l (909) 420-0010
LOS ANGELES COUNTY OFFICE
1380 S. Fullerton Road, Suite 205
Rowland Heights, CA 91748
T (626) 964-5123
WASHINGTON, DC OFFICE
2310 Rayburn House Office Building
Washington, DC 20515
T (202) 225-4111
UPDATE SUBSCRIPTION OPTIONS
|
PRIVACY POLICY
|
CONTACT US
Click Here Click Here