DOCTYPE html PUBLIC '-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.0 Transitional//EN' 'http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml1/DTD/xhtml1-transitional.dtd'
Congressional Report
March 28, 2015
SERVING THE 34TH DISTRICT OF TEXAS
Share
Dear Friends,
Please take a moment to read about some issues I've been working on for the 34th District of Texas.
Led CONGRESSIONAL Delegation Visit in South Texas
U.S. Representative Filemon Vela takes Members of Congress from Midwestern and Northeastern states
on a tour of Keppel AmFELS at the Port of Brownsville
A few weeks ago, I welcomed five of my colleagues to the Rio Grande Valley. The trip provided an opportunity for these Members of Congress to see first hand how vital and important trade and commerce are for our region. They visited key ports of entry, such as Donna
Rio Bravo International Bridge, Pharr
Reynosa International Bridge, Los Indios International Bridge and the Port of Brownsville, to see how border trade and commerce move our economy and nation forward.
The five Members of Congress who visited South Texas were: U.S. Rep. Bill Pascrell, 9th District of New Jersey; U.S. Rep. Dave Loebsack, 2nd District of Iowa; U.S. Rep. Matt Cartwright, 17th District of Pennsylvania; U.S. Representative Tim Walz, 1st District of Minnesota; and U.S. Rep. Rick Nolan, 8th District of Minnesota.
The Congressional Delegation also had the opportunity to learn
about many of the challenges people in the Rio Grande Valley face on a daily basis
challenges that go beyond the border. But they also heard about success stories, like the University of Texas Rio Grande Valley (UTRGV).
UTRGV President Guy Bailey spoke of the new merged university and medical school.
He was joined by UT Brownsville physics students who told the delegation about their work with SpaceX as the company prepares to launch rockets from Boca Chica Beach.
In addition, Eduardo Avalos, Under Secretary for the Department of Agriculture, and other USDA representatives met with farmers and ranchers from the Rio Grande Valley to learn more about the issues affecting them. I hosted meetings featuring Under Secretary Avalos at the Texas A&amp;M University in Kingsville, and the Texas A&amp;M University Citrus Center in Weslaco, Texas, where he spoke to farmers and ranchers about citrus greening, Mexican Fruit Fly and Cattle Fever Ticks. I continue to work with USDA to find viable solutions to the problems hurting many farmers and ranchers in South Texas.
The visit by the Congressional Delegation and Under Secretary Avalos included numerous meetings, but in the end, everyone left with a better understanding of how our border region functions. I thank all of them for taking time out of their busy schedules to visit South Texas to listen to those living and doing business on the U.S.-Mexico border.
TX-34 native accepts congressional gold medal on behalf of the 1st special service force
Corporal Eugene "Kiko" Gutierrez and his Canadian counterpart jointly accept the Congressional Gold Medal
on behalf of all with whom they served in the First Special Service Force in World War II
On Tuesday, February 3, 2015, the United States Congress, on behalf of a grateful nation, awarded Eugene "Kiko" Gutierrez of Harlingen, Texas, and the First Special Service Force (FSSF) the Congressional Gold Medal. It was an honor to attend the ceremony, and an even greater honor to meet Mr. Gutierrez.
The FSSF was the only special missions unit to be jointly manned by American and Canadian soldiers during World War II, and would serve as a model for Special Forces in the future. Mr. Gutierrez, accompanied by a Canadian member of the unit, spoke on behalf of all Americans and Canadians who served with the FSSF.
The heroism and valor of Mr. Gutierrez and the First Special Service Force are beyond words
completing missions considered too dangerous for others, but necessary to the win the war.
To read more about the First Special Service Force,
click here .
mr. amigo congressional record statement
Charro Days are some of the best days in South Texas. During this time, we celebrate the border culture that is woven into our daily lives and the friendship between Brownsville and Matamoros. The star of the show is Mr. Amigo. Every year, the Mr. Amigo Association Selection Committee names an individual who serves as a role model for the community. The recipient must be a Mexican citizen who has contributed to the friendship and understanding between the U.S. and Mexico, and has excelled in their profession, exemplifying the highest standards in their personal and professional lives. This year Mr. Amigo was Juan Osorio Ortiz, a Mexican TV producer of telenovelas.
I invite you to take a moment to read my Congressional Record Statement in honor of Mr. Amigo by clicking
here .
Congressional Art Competition
Metamorphosis by Deyanira Macias, 2014 TX-34 Congressional Art Competition Winner
Photo by the U.S. House of Representatives
Attention high school students living and attending school in the 34th District of Texas.
I invite you to participate in the 2015 Congressional Art Competition for student-artists in the 34th District of Texas. This nationwide art competition allows each Member of Congress to select one piece of art to be displayed at the U.S. Capitol. The winning artist, plus one guest, will be invited to Capitol Hill to officially unveil their artwork in Washington, D.C.
All entries must be submitted by 5 p.m. CST on March 30, 2015, to any of the district offices in Brownville, San Benito, Weslaco or Alice, Texas. All artwork submissions will be displayed at the Brownsville Museum of Fine Art, and the winning piece will be announced during a reception for the student artists.
Competition rules and guidelines may be found here:
http://goo.gl/cNv0Ny .
Port Dredging
The many land, air and sea ports in South Texas keep our regions economy moving forward. Billions of dollars worth of goods pass through our ports; however, for our ports to continue advancing our economy, they require routine maintenance and periodic upgrades.
Over the past year, our local water ports - the Port of Harlingen, Port Isabel-San Benito Navigation District, Port Mansfield and the Port of Brownsville
have required critical dredging to ensure that vessels could continue to move goods in and out of our ports.
Knowing of this pressing need, I urged other Members of Congress and U.S. Army Corps of Engineers leadership to visit and assess the ports in 2014.
By working with the U.S. Army Corps of Engineers, my colleagues in the House of Representatives, and our local ports, we were able to secure over $20 million to cover the cost of this vital work.
The dredging at the Port of Harlingen and Port Mansfield is already complete, and work at our other ports will begin in the near future.
This is a great win for our district, South Texas, and the nation. Without this important maintenance work, we risked losing business to other ports, and the dredging will help maintain and expand the mission of these critical economic engines.
Securing funding for these important infrastructure projects has been a top priority of mine since my election to Congress.
Deeper, more capable ports in the long run save money and bring economic stability to our region and economy, allowing South Texas businesses to create more jobs locally. I thank everyone who played a role in securing the funds to dredge our ports, and I look forward to accomplishing much more through bipartisan teamwork.
A closing Message from congressman vela
Ill continue to fight against border policies that threaten our South Texas economy and way of life and continue to stress the relationships built over generations between Mexico and the United States. The border and our water ports must remain open for business. The dredging of our water ports is a good step in keeping them open, and a step towards more jobs. I hope everyone enjoyed Charro Days, and please spread the word about the 2015 Congressional Art Competition. The competition is an excellent opportunity for student-artist to get their work showcased in Washington, D.C.
Thank you for allowing me the privilege to be your U.S. Representative.
Sincerely,
Congressman Filemon Vela
Member of Congress
Rep. Vela in the News
U.S. Rep. Filemon Vela speaks with reporter about issues important to South Texas
Click to see recent news reports
Social Media
To keep up with news and developments from the 34th District of Texas and Capitol Hill, follow Congressman Vela online.
Focus on the District
34th District
Help with a Federal Agency
Request a Flag
Tour Requests
TEXAS OFFICES
WASHINGTON DC OFFICE
Alice Office
500 East Main
Alice, TX 78332
Phone: (956) 544-8352
Brownsville Office
333 Ebony Avenue
Brownsville, TX 78520
Phone: (956) 544-8352
San Benito Office
1390 W. Expressway 83
San Benito, TX 78586
Phone: (956) 544-8352
Weslaco Office
509 South Kansas Ave.
Weslaco, TX 78596
Phone: (956) 520-8277
437 Canon HOB
Washington, DC 20515
phone: 202-225-9901
Unsubscribe
-
Privacy Policy
Click Here Click Here