
April 25, 2015
Dear Friends,
I would like to share this week&rsquo;s edition of Jackie&rsquo;s Reading Picks, a compilation of articles that have piqued my interest over the week. You can find this week&rsquo;s selection and others on my website in the
Jackie&rsquo;s Reading Picks
section.
Happy reading!
All the best,
New Genetic Tests for Breast Cancer Hold Promise
By Andrew Pollack, NY Times
A Silicon Valley start-up with some big-name backers is threatening to upend genetic screening for breast and ovarian cancer by offering a test on a sample of saliva that is so inexpensive that most women could get it.
At the same time, the nation&rsquo;s two largest clinical laboratories, Quest Diagnostics and LabCorp, normally bitter rivals, are joining with French researchers to pool their data to better interpret mutations in the two main breast cancer risk genes, known as BRCA1 and BRCA2. Other companies and laboratories are being invited to join the effort, called BRCA Share.
Read more
here .
A Century After Armenian Genocide, Turkey&rsquo;s Denial Only Deepens
By Tim Arango, NY Times
The crumbling stone monastery, built into the hillside, stands as a forlorn monument to an awful past. So, too, does the decaying church on the other side of this mountain village. Farther out, a crevice is sliced into the earth, so deep that peering into it, one sees only blackness. Haunting for its history, it was there that a century ago, an untold number of Armenians were tossed to their deaths.
&ldquo;They threw them in that hole, all the men,&rdquo; said Vahit Sahin, 78, sitting at a cafe in the center of the village, reciting the stories that have passed through generations.
Read more
here .
The True Cost of Gun Violence in America
by Mark Follman, Mother Jones
It was a mild, crystal clear desert evening on November 15, 2004, when Jennifer Longdon and her fiance, David Rueckert, closed up his martial-arts studio and headed out to grab some carnitas tortas from a nearby taqueria. They were joking and chatting about wedding plans&mdash;the local Japanese garden seemed perfect&mdash;as Rueckert turned their pickup into the parking lot of a strip mall in suburban north Phoenix. A red truck with oversize tires and tinted windows sideswiped theirs, and as they stopped
to get out, Rueckert's window exploded. He told Longdon to get down and reached for the handgun he had inside a cooler on the cab floor. As he threw the truck into gear, there were two more shots. His words turned to gibberish and he slumped forward, his foot on the gas. A bullet hit Longdon's back like a bolt of lightning, her whole body a live wire as they accelerated toward the row of palm trees in the concrete divider.
The air bag against her was stifling, the inside of the cab hot. She managed to call 911. "Where are you shot on your body?" the dispatcher asked. "I don't know, I cannot move. I can't breathe anymore. Somebody help me," she pleaded. "I'm dying."
Read more
here .
Fix the Flaws in Forensic Science
By Eric S. Lander, NY Times
THE F.B.I. stunned the legal community on Monday with its acknowledgment that testimony by its forensic scientists about hair identification was scientifically indefensible in nearly every one of more than 250 cases reviewed. But the conclusion should come as no surprise to scientists. It is the culmination of a collision between law and science that began in 1989 in a Bronx courtroom with the murder trial of a janitor.
The case was the first to carefully evaluate the use of DNA fingerprinting. As a geneticist, I served pro bono as an expert witness for the defense. While prosecutors were dazzled by the potential of DNA technology to pinpoint perpetrators, the testing lab&rsquo;s work proved to be shoddy and its conclusions unreliable. In a rare move, the scientific experts for both the prosecution and defense met and unanimously declared the DNA evidence unacceptable. The trial judge had little choice but to agree.
Read more
here .
Lessons from #RaceTogether
By Joe Nocera, NY Times
Howard Schultz has a way of making a believer out of you.
I first found this out in 2008, when I was writing the Talking Business column for the Business Day section of The Times. With Starbucks floundering, Schultz, who was then the company&rsquo;s chairman, had fired the chief executive and retaken the position, which he hadn&rsquo;t held since 2000. The question I asked, in a somewhat snarky column, was whether he was still &ldquo;the right guy to bring Starbucks back.&rdquo;
Not long afterward, Schultz asked me to meet in him New York. Instead of berating me, or even arguing with me, he simply told me his story, a story that began in the housing projects of Canarsie, Brooklyn, where he grew up poor, and ended in Seattle, where he bought a tiny coffee chain and turned it into, well, Starbucks.
Read more
here .
Unsubscribe
Washington D.C. Office
2465 Rayburn House Office Building
Washington, DC 20515
Phone: (202) 225-3531
Fax: (202) 226-4183
San Mateo Office
155 Bovet Road, Suite 780
San Mateo, CA 94402
Phone: (650) 342-0300
Fax: (650) 375-8270
