
Saturday, March 28, 2015
WEBSITE
|
FORWARD TO A FRIEND
| SHARE ON:
Improving Medicare, Honoring a Legend, Serving Our Nation
Improving Medicare
I am pleased that the permanent
doc fix
we voted on this week also includes a
measure
Congressman John Larson (D-CT) and I introduced to better protect seniors from predatory business practices. It would create a more accountable bidding process by requiring binding bids for the Centers for Medicare and Medicaid Services durable medical equipment contracts, leading to better care and improved health outcomes for seniors.
The
entire bill
is a victory for all Americans. It strengthens Medicare for seniors, brings stability to doctors, and reduces our future debt,
saving taxpayers money
without raising taxes. Rather than continuing to govern with short-term fixes, weve replaced a flawed formula for Medicare payments to physicians and added structural reforms to Medicare ensuring our seniors can continue to access quality care. The bill we passed is not perfect. Theres more work that needs to be done, but it is a
step in the right direction
as we work to fix our broken entitlement system.
Honoring a Legend
This week the U.S. Congress honored hometown hero, Jack Nicklaus by
awarding
him the
Congressional Gold Medal , the highest civilian honor Congress can bestow. I was proud to write the bill that secured this honor and to
participate
in the ceremony. Jack has used his
success
on the golf course as a platform to help those in need. The Memorial Tournament at Muirfield Golf Club, a tournament he hosts on a course he designed, has raised more than $23 million for Central Ohio charities. The work he has done to help veterans and children needing medical care is inspiring.
Watch
the entire ceremony, including performances by The Ohio State University Marching Band.
Military Service Academies
Know a student who is interested in applying to a military service academy? Learn more about the
application process
by attending one of our
informational seminars .
CONNECT
LATEST NEWS
Our Central Ohio office location has moved to Worthington. Learn more.
NOTE: Please DO NOT respond to this email as this inbox is unattended. To contact my office please
click here
UPDATE SUBSCRIPTION OPTIONS
|
PRIVACY POLICY
|
CONTACT US
Click Here Click Here