
If you are
having trouble viewing this message or would like to share it on a social
network, you can
view the
message online .
HOME
NEWS
SERVICES
LEGISLATION
CONTACT
April 27, 2015
Joint Senate-House Budget Meeting
Members of the House Budget Committee and Senate Budget
Committee met last week to discuss how we can find agreement between
the balanced budgets that recently passed our respective chambers.
This meeting of this budget conference committee moved us one step closer
to passing a joint budget resolution.
Completing a budget is one of Congress core legislative
responsibilities. It helps ensure we are embracing our Constitutional power of
the purse and legislating in an orderly manner that provides for the
most transparency and accountability. As the House and Senate work
together to find an agreement on a unified budget resolution, we must
remember that a budget is more than just a set of numbers. It is a
reflection of our priorities and vision for how we can achieve real results and
move our country in the direction of greater opportunity, economic
growth and a safer and more secure nation
one where Americans have the
best chance of achieving their dreams for the future.
6th District Congressional Art Competition
Last week,
the winners of the annual 6th Congressional District Art Competition
were announced at the Roswell Visual Arts Center. Each Spring the
Congressional Institute sponsors a nationwide high school visual art
competition to encourage artistic talent throughout the nation and each
congressional district. The Atlanta Art Institute gave out $10,000 in
scholarships to this years top three finalists.
We were very excited to have 10 different schools
participate in this years competition. High school students from around the
Sixth District submitted thirty-three pieces of art and each was
outstanding. This years winner was Sophia Kim who hails from Alpharetta. A
huge congratulations to her and all of this years artists for their
tremendous work.
The following students placed in
the top three from across the 6th Congressional District:
1st Place-
Perseverance by
Sophia Kim, Wesleyan School
2nd Place-
Self Portrait Nicolette Buzonas, St. Pius X
Catholic School
3rd Place-
Yearning by Sarah Wang, Atlanta International School
Please Feel Free to Tell a
Friend E-mail:
E-mail: E-mail:
Share on
Twitter Share on
Facebook
Washington DC
Office
100 Cannon House Office
Building
Washington DC 20515
Phone: 202-225-4501
Fax: 202-225-4656
District Office:
85-C Mill Street, Suite 300
Roswell, GA 30075
Phone: 770-998-0049
Fax:
770-998-0050
Internet:
Web:
http://tomprice.house.gov
E-mail:
E-mail Tom by clicking here
Unsubscribe
|
Update My Profile
|
Privacy Policy
