
Saturday, March 28, 2014
WEBSITE
|
FORWARD TO A FRIEND
| SHARE ON:
It's been a busy two weeks...
Dear Friends -
We just wrapped up a two-week session of votes in Washington, and I've been busy working across the aisle on important issues for our district and for the state of Florida. During this time, we were able to fix a major flaw in our health care system that impacted seniors, and I advocated for legislation to help our nations heroes.
Here are some of the things I've been up to this week:
Rep. Murphy and Brigadier General C. David Turner
discuss important water issues
Working for our Waterways
Our water is our way of life, which is why I am constantly working to find solutions to protect the St. Lucie River and Indian River Lagoon.
This week, I had a great meeting with Brigadier General C. David Turner, commander of the U.S. Army Corps of Engineers, South Atlantic Division, to discuss the toxic discharges we are experiencing.
I urged the Army Corps to address the devastating situation facing the St. Lucie River and Indian River Lagoon, and to work towards solutions to end these harmful releases once and for all.
Rep. Murphy and K.C. Traylor with petition
signatures
Fighting for our Community
On Tuesday, I met with Florida NOT All Aboard's K.C. Traylor, who brought a stack of petition signatures from concerned residents over the proposed All Aboard Florida Project.
I'm proud to stand with our community and make sure the safety, economic, and livability concerns over the project are heard and addressed.
Voter Empowerment Act
I also joined Civil Rights leaders to ensure every American has the opportunity to cast their vote easily and efficiently,
and helped introduce the
Voter Empowerment Act . By modernizing voter registration, guaranteeing equal access to the ballot box, and prohibiting deceptive practices and voter intimidation, this bill will ensure that every person who is eligible to vote is free from discrimination at the ballot box.
I'm proud to continue leading efforts on the issues that matter most to our district, our state, and our nation. Ill continue to look to you as we work to address them.
Please do not hesitate to call on me if theres anything I can do to help.
Sincerely,
Patrick
UPDATE:
Making College Education More Accessible for Veterans
Earlier this year, I introduced the
Reducing Barriers for Veterans Education Act , which which received broad support from over 100 members from both sides of the aisle.
This week, I had the opportunity to testify before the Subcommittee on Economic Opportunity about the important benefits of the legislation. By covering college, graduate, and vocational school application fees for service members under the Post-9/11 GI Bill, this legislation will make higher learning more accessible for the brave men and women of our armed forces.
Click below to see a video of my testimony.
NOTE: Please DO NOT respond to this email as this inbox is unattended. To contact my office please
click here
UPDATE SUBSCRIPTION OPTIONS
|
PRIVACY POLICY
|
CONTACT US
Click Here Click Here