
HOME
|
About Mike
|
Contact YOUR Office
|
Serving You
|
Newsroom
|
Legislative Work
|
4th District
|
Resources
WEBSITE
| SHARE ON:
Greetings,
Common sense dictates that when you run out of money, you stop spending
a simple economic concept that Kansans understand.
For too long our government has lived outside of its means, acting irresponsibly with taxpayer dollars.
This past week the House passed a bill that balances the budget in less than ten years, without having to raise taxes.
This budget repeals all of the taxes, regulations, and mandates of Obamacare.
It proves that Washington can balance our budget, streamline the tax code, and fix the major drivers of our debt.
This comparative graph shows how the Balanced Budget for a Stronger America plans to cut $5.5 trillion in spending and pay off the national debt.
America can balance our budget while also fully funding our nation's security
and that's what this budget does.
We are seeing security challenges, old and new, all around the world.
From ISIS to Yemen, the Middle East is increasingly more dangerous.
Now the President is about to sign an agreement with the world's largest sponsor of state terrorism, Iran, that allows Iran to keep its nuclear program.
This deal will only cause further instability, embolden Iranian aggression, and start a nuclear arms race in the region.
Any agreement that leaves Iran's nuclear program in place is not diplomacy - it's surrender.
The consequences are too great to get this wrong.
Sincerely,
Mike Pompeo
Member of Congress
PS - I want to congratulate our Wichita State Mens Basketball team on its great season and impressive run to the Sweet 16!
This is a team that exemplifies hard work and determination, and we are proud they represent Wichita.
To have a little fun with the KU-WSU game last weekend, Congresswoman Lynn Jenkins
whose district includes KU
and I made a wager in which the winner had to give a speech on the Houses Floor to congratulate the winning team.
Below is the video of Lynn following through on her end of the deal:
Connect With Mike
NOTE: Please
DO NOT
respond to this email as this
inbox is unattended . To contact my office please
click here
WASHINGTON, DC OFFICE
436 Cannon HOB
Washington, DC 20515
Phone:
(202) 225-6216
Fax:
(202) 225-3489
WICHITA, KS OFFICE
7701 E. Kellogg, Suite 510
Wichita, KS 67207
Phone:
(316) 262-8992
Fax:
(316) 262-5309
UPDATE SUBSCRIPTION OPTIONS
|
PRIVACY POLICY
|
CONTACT US
Click Here Click Here