
If you are having trouble viewing this message or would like to share
it on a social network, you can
view the message online .
CONTACT
ABOUT
SERVICES
NEWS
OFFICE
LOCATIONS
Iran Thinks It Can Get a
Better Deal Without Congressional
Review
Appearing on Fox News Channels Americas Newsroom on Thursday,
Senator Corker, chairman of the Senate Foreign Relations Committee, said
that the reason Irans Foreign Minister Javad Zarif doesnt want the
U.S. Congress and the American people to review a final nuclear agreement
is because Iran thinks it can get a better deal straight from the
Obama administration.
The Senate is currently debating Senator
Corkers legislation, the
Iran Nuclear
Agreement Review Act of 2015 , that requires President Obama
to submit any final deal to Congress before being able to waive or
suspend congressional sanctions. The bill now has 67 Senate sponsors,
giving it enough votes to override a potential presidential
veto.
I think [Irans Foreign Minister] feels that if he deals directly
with the administration and does not come through the United States
Senate, like my bill will cause us to do, I think he feels like he can
get a better deal,
said Corker.
I think if he knows
we are going to be checking all the detailsthat this deal is going to
have to be a lot tighter and therefore not as much in their favor,
and obviously he is upset about that.
Corker also reiterated
the importance of restricting the presidents ability to waive
congressional sanctions while lawmakers in the Senate and House of
Representatives consider whether to approve or disapprove of any final
agreement.
The president has the unilateral ability today to do
whatever deal he wants to do with Iran and go straight to the U.N.
Security Councilwithout Congress
on behalf of the American people
playing any role,
added Corker.
We have a bill to take
back that national security waiverand say, No, we want to go through
these details on behalf of the American people. We want to put a stay
on your ability to lift these sanctions before we have a chance to
weigh in.
Click
here
to learn more about the Iran Nuclear Agreement Review Act of
2015.
Click
here
or on the image above to view
video.
Wall Street Journal (Editorial):
Corker-Cardins Good Compromise:
We have long been skeptical
of Mr. Obamas Iran project, and the deal so far looks like a
strategic blunder that will unleash a new age of nuclear proliferation. Until
the U.S. elects a President who is serious about stopping Irans
nuclear bid, Corker-Cardin is the best bet for censuring Mr. Obamas
misbegotten diplomacy, and giving his successor a fighting chance to
reverse it. Read more
here .
Another Stark Reminder of
Need for Housing Finance Reform
Senator
Corker, a member of the Senate Banking Committee, on Thursday released the
following statement regarding a Federal Housing Finance Agency (FHFA)
report
that indicates
government-sponsored enterprises Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac could require a $157
billion taxpayer bailout to keep them afloat during a future
crisis.
Todays FHFA stress test is yet another stark reminder of
the need for Congress to wind down Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac and
reform our housing finance system,
said Corker.
With
control of both houses and with the amount of effort that has been put
forth to develop a bipartisan, bicameral consensus, this Republican-led
Congress has the opportunity to demonstrate it is serious about
protecting American taxpayers, and I hope we will not let this opportunity
pass us by.
Legislation first introduced by Corker and
Senator Mark Warner (D-Va.) in June 2013, the Housing Finance Reform and
Taxpayer Protection Act ( S.1217 ), passed the Senate Banking Committee in May 2014 by a vote of 13 to
9.
During the 2008 financial crisis, Fannie Mae and Freddie
Mac were taken into government conservatorship and given a $188
billion capital injection from taxpayers to stay afloat. As a result, the
private market almost completely disappeared, and nearly every loan
made in America today comes with a full government guarantee. Despite
this unsustainable situation, there still has been no real reform to our
housing finance system.
Tennesseans Visit Washington
Senators
Corker and Alexander hosted over 40 Tennesseans at this weeks
Tennessee Tuesday, a regular breakfast held on Capitol Hill every week the
Senate is in session for visitors from the Volunteer State. For more
information, click
here .
On Tuesday, Senator
Corker met with representatives from Nissan to discuss the companys
plants in Smyrna (Rutherford County) and Decherd (Franklin
County).
Home
|
Privacy Policy
|
Unsubscribe
