
If
you are having trouble viewing this message or would like to share it on
a social network, you can
view the message online .
April 21, 2015
Sign up
for my tele-townhall: Wednesday, April 22 at 6:30 p.m.
MT
The first, and most important step, in addressing the critical issues we
face as a nation is to start the dialogue - Then, we must invite
others to join us in the conversation.
This is why I have set a goal
to reach one million people every week through my social media
channels with a positive message for how we can reform Washington.
Last week, 800,851 people were reached and engaged through these
channels, so I believe
if each of you enlist just one more
person to join this discussion , we can reach this
goal.
There has never been a better time to engage the nation on the issues
of our day.
An overwhelming number of Americans are awake and
recognize the problems we face.
Now is the time to reach out and
share and have a dialogue about a conservative reform agenda that will
provide upward mobility for the poor and real opportunity for
hardworking Americans.
Together we can enlist millions of
Americans to build support for this agenda.
I hope you will join me in
this effort.
One of the ways you can add your voice is to join
my next tele-townhall and invite your friends and family to join as
well:
Click here to sign
up
The past
dictates the terms of our debate about the future
Last
week the Senate passed H.R. 2, a bill that changes the formula governing
how Medicare pays physicians. The legislation was praised by many as
a permanent doc fix. And this is true inasmuch as the recurring doc
fix crisis was a function of Medicares sustainable growth rate
formula, which Congress created in 1997 and repealed with H.R.
2.
But those who are in charge of Medicare have made it clear
that theres nothing permanent about the new physician-payment structure
established by H.R. 2. According to a report issued last week by
Medicares actuaries, under the new payment system, most doctors will see
cuts in 2025.
Given the importance of the
Medicare program to Americas seniors and doctors, its worth asking: how did
we end up with a bill that replaced one unsustainable cost structure
with a slightly different unsustainable cost structure? Why didnt we
just redesign the program to make it fiscally sustainable over the
long run?
As I see it, the answer is simple: in
Washington, the past dictates the terms of our debate about the
future.
In fact, most of our government dysfunction today is
rooted in the same failure of imagination.
When the
Highway Trust Fund runs dry every year, we have another debate over
raising the gas tax, rather than eliminating the bureaucratic and
special-interest overhead that drives up the cost of our transportation
system.
And when college tuition keeps rising, while
success rates keep dropping, we focus on pushing more taxpayer money and
more students into the broken system, instead of opening up
alternative pathways for people to get the skills they need to get a good-paying
job.
And when health care costs refuse to go down, we
refuse to believe that hospitals and doctors can manage themselves better
than expert committees and bureaucratic
agencies.
It doesnt have to be this way. We can do better. And Im confident we
will do better once we recognize that the real obstacle to reform
isnt a lack of funding from American taxpayers, but a lack of imagination
from their elected officials.
Share on Facebook Share on
Twitter
Washington, D.C. Office
361A
Russell Senate Office Building
Washington, D.C., 20510
Phone:
202.224.5444
Fax: 202.228.1168
Salt Lake
City
Wallace F. Bennett Federal
Building
125 South State, Suite
4225
Salt Lake City, UT 84138
Phone:
801.524.5933
Fax: 801.524.5730
St.
George
Office of Senator Michael S. Lee
285 West Tabernacle, Suite 200
St. George, UT
84770
Phone:
435.628.5514
Unsubscribe
|
Update My
Profile
|
Privacy Policy
gateway mail end
