
Today, we want to say thank you. When Republicans held up Loretta Lynch&rsquo;s confirmation as Attorney General for 166 days
David -- Today, we want to say
thank you.
When Republican Senators held up Loretta Lynch&rsquo;s confirmation as Attorney General for 166 days -- longer than past seven Attorneys General combined --
104,572 Democrats signed our petitions calling on them to hold the vote.
Just minutes ago, the GOP finally relented -- and
Lynch was confirmed! She will become the first African American woman to serve as Attorney General.
Together we made history.
So thank you -- for taking action, for raising your voice, and for standing with Senate Democrats.
We are never stronger than when we join together.
Team DSCC
Democratic Senatorial Campaign Committee
P.O. Box 96047
Washington, DC 20090
Paid for by the Democratic Senatorial Campaign Committee, dscc.org,
and not authorized by any candidate or candidate&#39;s committee.
The DSCC is the only organization solely dedicated to supporting Democrats in the U.S. Senate. This message was sent to dj724530@gmail.com because you are a part of the DSCC&rsquo;s grassroots network. Please add us to your address book or approved senders list to make sure you keep receiving DSCC updates.
Emails are a critical way for us to stay in touch with our grassroots supporters. 99% of the DSCC&rsquo;s contributions come from grassroots donors giving less than $200. We also strive to keep you updated on issues related to the Democratic Party&rsquo;s values.
If you&rsquo;d like to stop receiving emails related to this campaign, please
click here .
If you&#39;d like to make a contribution to support us, please
click here . We are already beginning to prepare for the fight ahead &ndash; reclaiming the majority in 2016. It will take every single grassroots supporter, but we know it&rsquo;s possible with your help. If you&rsquo;d like to stop receiving all emails from the DSCC, please
unsubscribe . We greatly appreciate your continued support.
Contributions or gifts to the DSCC are not tax deductible.
