
If you are having trouble viewing this message
or would like to share it on a social network, you can
view the message online .
May 01, 2015
"to elevate the
condition of men--to lift artificial weights from all shoulders, to clear
the paths of laudable pursuit for all, to afford all an unfettered start
and a fair chance, in the race of life."
--Abraham
Lincoln
Chairman's
Note: Protecting the Fundamental Right of
Conscience
In recent years voters in more than thirty
states have passed amendments to their state constitutions defining
marriage as an exclusively male-female institution. In eleven other
states, the people have chosen to redefine marriage to include same-sex
relationships.
There is nothing unconstitutional about any of
this. As Supreme Court Justice Anthony Kennedy rightly observed in
United States
v.
Windsor , this is how marriage policy
has always been determined in America.
The U.S. Constitution
neither prohibits nor requires the states to retain the traditional
definition of marriage as a union between a man and a woman. It leaves
the matter up to the people to decide. And the country is obviously in
the process of making up its mind.
The Supreme Court
should not short-circuit that democratic process by substituting the views
of five judges for those of 320 million people.
But while
Americans may be divided over the definition of marriage, an
overwhelming majority of people agree that the government should not coerce
anyone into violating their beliefs about marriage.
A recent
poll shows 81 percent of Americans agree that government should leave
people free to follow their beliefs about marriage as they live their
daily lives at work and in the way they run their
businesses.
"The Supreme Court
should not short-circuit that democratic process by substituting the
views of five judges for those of 320 million
people."
Yet today there are many individuals, associations,
and businesses in America who are denied this fundamental right of
conscience.
This should be concerning
to
all
Americans, regardless of ones view on marriage. When a government
forces someone to choose between making a living serving ones community
and adhering to ones religious beliefs, our society is left less
tolerant and we are all made less free.
Many of these threats
must be addressed at the state and local level. But there is also a
role for Congress to at least ensure federal powers arent employed
against those exercising their religious
beliefs.
"Allowing the democratic process to yield a
diversity of outcomes"
To watch the full video
CLICK HERE
Issue In
Focus: Restoring Limits to the Commerce
Clause
Of the various sources of todays hyperactive federal
regulatory regime, perhaps none has been more instrumental than the
Commerce Clause in Article I of the Constitution.
The
original purpose of granting Congress the power To regulate Commerce ...
among the several States was to ensure the national government was
powerful enough to prohibit states from throwing up barriers to interstate
commerce
one of the most pernicious problems under the Articles of
Confederation.
But at least since 1942, when the Supreme
Court swept aside legal precedent and defied common sense in ruling that
the wheat grown by a farmer on his own farm for his own consumption
had a substantial impact on interstate commerce, the Commerce Clause
has been exploited to justify just about
everything.
Many fear theres no way to reverse the damage that has been done to the
Commerce Clause. But a little known case out of southwest Utah gives
reason to hope otherwise.
Last November, a district court
in Utah held that the Commerce Clause does not authorize Congress to
regulate ... a purely intrastate species that has no substantial effect
on interstate commerce.
The species in question is the
Utah prairie dog, which, as its name implies, exists only within the
great state of Utah. But dont be fooled: the implications of this case
could stretch far beyond Utahs borders.
Just look at the
immense list of the species and subspecies the federal government has
adopted as recipients of its benevolent protection and bureaucratic
regulation under the Endangered Species Act.
The Houston Toad?
The Fresno Kangaroo Rat? Like the Utah prairie dog, a fair-minded
federal judge would likely find these species to be beyond the federal
governments regulatory reach.
To restore reasonable limits on
the Commerce Clause, some progress can be made through the judicial
system. But ultimately, Congress must act. And we can begin by
reforming the Endangered Species Act and clarifying that the federal
government has no legitimate regulatory jurisdiction over species found
exclusively within the borders of a single state.
Share on
Facebook Share
on Twitter
Washington, D.C. Office
316 Hart Senate Office Building
Washington, D.C., 20510
Phone: 202.224.5444
Fax: 202.228.1168
Salt Lake City
Wallace F.
Bennett Federal Building
125 South State,
Suite 4225
Salt Lake City, UT 84138
Phone: 801.524.5933
Fax:
801.524.5730
St. George
Office of Senator Michael S. Lee
285 West Tabernacle, Suite 200
St. George, UT
84770
Phone: 435.628.5514
Unsubscribe
|
Update My Profile
|
Privacy Policy
gateway
mail end 