
It's time to Save Medicare &amp; Bury the Death Tax
House Acts, Senate Punts on Medicare
As leader of the Health Subcommittee, I've been working hard to solve the growing national crisis of fewer local doctors being able to treat Medicare seniors because of the unfair way Medicare pays them. Last year I helped bring together Republicans and Democrats in the House and Senate - along with over 600 local health care groups - on a solution, the first agreement in nearly 15 years.
This week the U.S. House of Representatives overwhelmingly approved that solution, along with common sense reforms that help save Medicare for the long term. And it was just in time, as our local doctors faced an April 1 dramatic cut that would have likely forced more to turn away seniors for treatment, or consider retiring early.
Going forward, over time our doctors will not be paid by volume of treatments but by value - how high of quality care do they provide our seniors. They can focus on their patients and not looming annual cuts to Medicare. That's great news both for retired Americans and for the future of our important Medicare program.
SENATE DOESN'T ACT. Unfortunately, the Senate left town for their Easter work period without acting. They should have stayed and got the job done. While I welcome the assurances the Senate will act when they return, it's honestly hard to find an adequate reason for them to leave town leaving our local Medicare seniors and doctors in yet another lurch, or delaying the first real reforms to save Medicare for the long term.
Death Tax Repeal Moves Closer
Watch our Capitol Hill news conference by clicking
here.
I help lead the national effort to permanently repeal the Death Tax. This past week my legislation passed out of the Ways &amp; Means Committee, and is headed to the House floor for the first vote on repeal in 10 years. My House co-leader is Democratic Congressman Sanford Bishop of Georgia - an Eagle Scout, Army veterans and key appropriator who asks a simple question: "Why are we punishing success?"
The Death Tax is still the number one reason family-owned farms and businesses in America arent passed down to the next generation. Its the wrong tax at the wrong time and hurts the wrong people. After a family loses a loved one, why should Uncle Sam swoop in and take much of the nest egg they spent a lifetime building? Families deserve better than to be forced to take out loans or sell their land or business just to try to keep some of what they worked so hard to earn. I hope you'll lend me your support at #DeathTaxRepeal.
Receiving the Ben Franklin Award
At a recent Capitol Hill ceremony with 60 Plus Association Chairman Jim Martin, I was honored to accept the conservative seniors associations Benjamin Franklin Award.
It was Franklin who famously said there are two certainties in life, death and taxes, but because of the estate or death tax, there is a third certainty--- taxes after death 60 Plus presents a Benjamin Franklin Award to those who support repeal, 60 Plus Chairman James L. Martin noted. 60 Plus honors Rep. Brady with this award because Rep. Brady is working hard to get rid of that third certaintytaxes after deathand make Mr. Franklins famous quote accurate once again.
House Passes Republican Budget
Watch my floor speech by clicking
here .
The House has passed a budget with a cure for Washingtons spending problem. Our budget balances in a decade, cuts $5.5 trillion in wasteful spending, while providing much needed critical funding to Americas military, intelligence and homeland security forces. All while putting America on a path to paying off our dangerous debt.
While President Obamas recent budget proposal never balanced and costs taxpayers an additional $2 trillion, the House budget promotes a fairer, simpler tax code which promotes job creation, fully repeals ObamaCare and gives states more power to design Medicaid to meet the health care needs of the poor.
On The Airwaves
Bloomberg TV
Discussing the Death Tax on Bloomberg TV. Watch my interview with Bloomberg Anchor Betty L iu
by clicking
here .
Fox Business
Joining Stuart Varney on FOX Business to discuss our efforts to repeal the Death Tax. Watch by clicking
here .
Transportation Committee Hearing in Houston
It was my honor to join the House Transportation Committee at their March Houston Field Hearing. The hearing was held at Rice Universi ty.
Kolaches with Kevin
Thank you to all who came out for our March Kolaches town hall events in Coldspring, Huntsville and Navasota (pictured above).
If you haven't attended one of our informal town hall events yet, please join us.
Our next Kolaches with Kevin will be in Montgomery at 8:30a on Wednesday, April 1 at the Lone Star Community Center.
I look fo rwa rd to seeing you
there .
Thanks for reading our newsletter and staying in touch with me by attending our
town halls , by sending me an
email
or joining us on
Facebook
or
Twitter .
NOTE: Please DO NOT respond to this email as this inbox is unattended. To contact my office please
click here
Connect:
WASHINGTON, D.C. OFFICE
301 Cannon H.O.B.
Washington, DC 20515
P:
(202) 225-4901
F:
(202) 225-5524
CONROE DISTRICT OFFICE
200 River Pointe, Ste 304
Conroe, TX 77304
Phone: (936)441-5700
Fax: (936)441-5757
HUNTSVILLE DISTRICT OFFICE
1300 11th Street, Suite 400
Huntsville, TX 77340
Phone: (936)439-9532
Fax: (936)439-9546
UNSUBSCRIBE
|
PRIVACY POLICY
|
CONTACT US
Click Here Click Here