
Website
|
About
|
Contact Me
|
Serving You
|
Media Center
|
Legislative Work
|
Our District
|
Resources
April 19, 2015
The Scalise Capitol Report
Repealing the Death Tax to Protect the American Dream
For the first time in 10 years the House has voted to fully repeal the death tax. American families spend a lifetime building financial security so they can pass on their piece of the American Dream to their children. It is morally wrong that the federal government comes in and confiscates 40 percent of a familys business or forces them to sell the family business just to pay the death tax when they die.
Click on the logo above to read more on why I support a repeal of the death tax
The death tax takes away from a familys ability to grow their business and costs us jobs and economic growth. The government should not be in the business of punishing success and forcing people to sell the family business when they die, especially considering that they already paid taxes on that business every year along the way, and I urge the Senate to quickly take up this vital piece of legislation that repeals the death tax once and for all.
Click on the photo above to watch why I believe it is wrong that the federal government taxes people on their death!
Click on the photo above to watch my interview on Fox News about the death tax repeal
Holding the IRS Accountable
Each year April 15th serves as a reminder that we are taxed enough, Washington spends too much, and we need a government that is more effective, efficient, and accountable. That is why House Republicans stood up for the hardworking taxpayers of America last week by passing crucial, timely legislation to begin fixing our broken tax code, to provide more rights to taxpayers, and to hold the Internal Revenue Service (IRS) accountable for the abuses uncovered through the rigorous oversight of the House.
Watch the solutions we brought to the House floor last week to protect hard-working taxpayers from abuses at the IRS
At the heart of this package of bills, the House passed a Taxpayer Bill of Rights that instructed the IRS commissioner to make sure his employees understand the United States Bill of Rights and act in accordance with it. Public trust in the IRS is completely eroded, and this legislation increases transparency and accountability at the IRS so that taxpayers can be fully informed and have a more level playing field if they are audited. The House also took action to stop the IRS from targeting American citizens based on their political views by passing the Preventing Targeting at the IRS Act. If an unelected bureaucrat at the IRS targets you based on your political views, that rogue agent should be fired! Period. These unacceptable practices contradict our nation's founding principles, and there is no room for it in our democracy. Through the strong oversight work in the House over the past few years, we have exposed what the IRS has been targeting Americans based on their political views. It is wrong and should not happen. But when it's uncovered, those employees at the IRS ought to be fired and never brought back. We will continue putting strong laws and reforms in place to strengthen protections for hardworking taxpayers.
Read more on these IRS reforms by clicking on the photo above
Reflecting On The Tremendous Strides Louisiana Has Made In Five Years
Monday marks the five-year anniversary of the Deepwater Horizon disaster that occurred in the Gulf of Mexico. Our thoughts and prayers continue to go out to the loved ones of the 11 men who lost their lives in this tragedy. Without question, the lives lost represent the most devastating impact of the disaster, but we also watched an environmental tragedy unfold that profoundly impacted Louisiana and its people. Five years later, we are still feeling the effects of the Deepwater Horizon disaster. These hardships have made us stronger as we continuously work to improve our state.
I am a proud advocate of offshore energy production, and in order to maximize the benefits from this sector of American energy, proper safety standards must be in place to protect workers and the environment. Since 2010's Deepwater Horizon tragedy, the oil and gas industry has advanced standards for safety systems, well integrity, blowout preventers, and communication between operators. The industry realized it had to get better, and took proactive steps to increase safety standards.
Equally important as the safety standards on board offshore platforms is the preservation of our wetlands, which are crucial to our flood protection, our ecosystem, and America's economy. Since coming to Congress, I have aggressively taken action to reverse decades of coastal erosion, proudly fighting to make the restoration of Louisianas coastline a national priority. I will continue fighting for energy production and coastal restoration as a new member of House leadership.
I hope we use the five-year anniversary of this catastrophe to reflect upon the people of Louisiana who are still struggling from its aftermath, while also highlighting the tremendous strides Louisiana and the Gulf Coast region have made as we fight to protect our culture and our way of life.
Click on the logo above to read my thoughts on the five-year mark of the Deepwater Horizon disaster
Honoring the Doolittle Raiders
I recently gave remarks honoring the bravery, sacrifice, and great service of the Doolittle Tokyo Raiders at a Congressional Gold Medal Ceremony. Their service to our nation played a vital role in securing Americas victory in World War II (WWII). I was especially proud to be asked to speak at the ceremony as someone who represents New Orleans, the home of the National WWII Museum. This museum pays tribute to those brave men and women, the greatest generation, who defended our freedoms so we could prevail victorious in WWII.
Standing for the presentation of the colors at the Gold Medal Ceremony
Almost 73 years ago, 80 brave service members stepped forward and volunteered for a mission that they knew very well may be their last. The Doolittle Tokyo Raiders believed that our freedoms, liberties, and the defense of our nation, were worth flying into the unknown and risking their lives. They believed that their selfless participation in this mission was simply, as they put it, doing their job. After Japans attack on Pearl Harbor the American war effort was demoralized and wounded, Lt. Colonel James Doolittle and his mens heroic raid over Tokyo helped turn the tide back in our favor and telegraphed a message to the rest of the world that America will not back down. And, in fact, America will fight and will win. It was an honor and privilege to pay tribute to a special group of solders from the greatest generation.
Click on the photo above to watch the Gold Medal Ceremony
It is an honor to represent you in Congress. For more information please visit my
website ,
Twitter , Instagram , and
Facebook
pages.
God Bless,
Steve Scalise
House Majority Whip
WEBSITE
|
UNSUBSCRIBE
|
CONTACT
Washington DC Office
2338 Rayburn HOB
Washington, DC 20515
Phone: (202) 225-3015
Houma Office
8026 Main Street
Suite 700
Houma, LA 70360
Phone: (985) 879-2300
Metairie Office
110 Veterans Boulevard
Suite 500
Metairie, LA 70005
Phone: (504) 837-1259
Mandeville Office
21454 Koop Drive
Suite 1E
Mandeville, LA 70471
Phone: (985) 893-9064
Hammond Office
1514 Martens Drive
Suite 10
Hammond, LA 70401
Phone: (985) 340-2185
Click Here Click Here