 Mail
begin
If you are having trouble viewing this message or would like to
share it on a social network, you can
view the message online .
HTML
Tweet of the Week
|
Videos of the Week
|
Statements &amp; Speeches
Tweet of the
Week
Video of the Week
On The
House Floor, Ros-Lehtinen Praises Local Hero Who Put Himself in Danger To
Save The Life of Miami Police Officer
Ros-Lehtinen Raises Awareness For Latina Victims Of Domestic
Violence And Sexual Assault
On CNN,
Ros-Lehtinen Says That The Administration's Middle East Policy Must Be
Focused Our Allies In The Region
We
Cannot Verify Iran's Compliance With A Nuclear Deal, Says
Ros-Lehtinen
Ros-Lehtinen Questions
Administration Officials About Concessions To Iran In A Nuclear
Deal
Ros-Lehtinen Hosts
2015 Congressional Art Competition at Miami High
"As
a former Florida certified teacher, I know that the arts play a vital
role in the development of our students. Its an honor to see these
wonderful works of art from talented high school artists across Miami.
Our community is blessed to have so many high school students who go
the extra mile to participate in the Congressional Art
Competition."
( Link To Release )
Ros-Lehtinen, Deutch, Dold, Schakowsky,
Chabot, and Engel Introduce Resolution Condemning Irans Persecution of
Bahais and Human Rights Record
The
state-sponsored persecution of Irans Bahai minority is a disturbing
reminder of the Iranian regimes abysmal human rights record. The
Iranian regime does not tolerate dissent and cracks down on anyone who
dares to express themselves freely, beating and jailing journalists,
political opposition, and ethnic and religious minorities. Bahais in Iran
are frequent targets of a regime who imprisons their leaders, destroys
their cemeteries, and has created a systematic culture of
discrimination that prevents practitioners from accessing employment, education,
and social services.
( Link To
Release )
Any Legislation Regarding Cuba Must Be Substantive And Have
Significant Legal Effect, Says
Ros-Lehtinen
My colleagues and I are concentrating our efforts on promoting
legislation that will hold the Castro regime accountable for its
nefarious activities. We plan to file broader legislation regarding Cuba that
will help ensure that U.S. national security is protected and that our
country continues to advocate for human rights on the island.
Removing Cuba from the State Sponsor of Terrorism list does not truly lift
significant sanctions as many sanctions remain codified in
law.
( Link To Release )
Ros-Lehtinen Praises
Foreign Affairs Committee Passage of United States-Jordan Defense
Cooperation Act
Time is of the essence in
the battle against ISIL and we have none to spare. The U.S. must
continue to fully support our allies in the region as much as we can and
this bill will signal to them that we stand ready to back them in their
efforts to take on terror and bring stability to a violence plagued
region. I urge my colleagues to support this measure and I yield back
the balance of my time.
( Link To
Release )
House Panel OKs Stepped up Shipments of Aid to
Jordan
"What Jordan really needs now is for us to
expedite our arms transfers and defense articles to the kingdom,"
Ros-Lehtinen said . "King Abdullah has stepped up to take a leading
role in the fight, but he needs our help and has asked that we expedite
some of these transfers so that Jordan has the tools necessary to not
only repel IS but to take the fight to the terror group and destroy
it."
( Fox News )
Week in
Photos
Rep.
Ros-Lehtinen met with students from Homestead to discuss how the Job
Corps is helping prepare Miami teens learn the skills they need to
succed in the workforce.
Tell a
Friend
E-mail:
E-mail:
E-mail:
Share on
Twitter Share on Facebook Share on Digg Share on
LinkedIn
Washington, DC Office
2206 Rayburn HOB | Washington, DC 20515
Phone:
(202) 225-3931 | Fax: (202) 225-5620
Miami Office
4960
SW 72 Ave, Suite 208 |
Miami, FL 33155
Phone: (305)
668-2285 |
Fax: (305) 668-5970
Unsubscribe
|
Update My
Profile
gateway mail end 