
Miller Newsletter
April 12, 2015
In the News
Tax Day
This Wednesday, Americans will mark one of the least popular days in the country: Tax Day.
While the filling deadline might come on April 15, Americans have been working on their taxes for quite some time now.
In fact, thanks to our onerous tax code, households spend an estimated 3 billion hours and more than $400 billion in compliance costs per year.
There is no question that the unnecessary complexity and inefficiency of our tax code hampers economic growth, and I believe it is vital to undertake comprehensive tax reform that simplifies our code, substantially lowers rates, and makes our tax code competitive on an international level.
Since coming to Congress, I have supported commonsense proposals like H.R.25, the
FairTax Act , which would repeal the income tax, along with other taxes, and replace it with a single sales tax.
In addition, I have also voted for the the recently passed House budget for fiscal year 2016, which would pave the way for the House Ways and Means Committee to put forward comprehensive tax reform.
Economists have shown that lowering overall tax rates and broadening the base through comprehensive tax reform would promote economic growth and have significant positive benefits for American taxpayers and businesses alike, and I remain committed to working for comprehensive tax reform, not only during tax season, but year round.
Miller Media Clips
To read some recent press clips highlighting my work on behalf of Florida's First Congressional District and our Nations veterans and servicemembers, click on the links below:
Should the VA sell over-budget hospital?
House to probe the VAs blameless, unexplained, $1.4 billion dollar construction screwup
VA official visiting site of budget-busting Denver hospital
VA Finally Relinquishes Control Of Disastrous Denver Hospital To Army
VA to relinquish control over construction of $1.73B Denver hospital
Top Legislator Says The VA Wont Get A Dime More Of Taxpayer Funds Until It Shapes Up
VA Officials $288K Relocation Payment Tied To Little-Known House Buyout Program
Wait times plunge in Western Pennsylvania, VA says
One year after Phoenix, the VA is under more scrutiny than ever
One year later, lawmaker says the broken VA still suffers from a widespread lack of accountability
Miami VA reports fewer patient delays than Florida, nation
Vets still waiting too long at Wilmington VA
VA needs Atlanta-like treatment
In the District
Santa Rosa County Fair, Agriculture and Livestock Dinner
I had the opportunity to attend the Santa Rosa County Fairs Annual Agriculture and Livestock Dinner last night to get a preview of the livestock exhibit at this years Santa Rosa County Fair.
Each year, the Santa Rosa County Fair presents an opportunity for families across Northwest Florida to experience our areas rich agricultural heritage, while enjoying live entertainment, amusement rides, and many other activities.
Thanks to all the staff and organizers of the fair for inviting me to share in the festivities.
Constituent Voice
Gas Tax
With gas prices lower than in recent years, I have received numerous calls, letters, and emails from constituents concerned that big government advocates will try and take advantage of these low prices to push through an unpopular increase in the gas tax to try and bolster the Highway Trust Fund.
Like these constituents, I do not believe that raising the gas tax is acceptable; rather, I feel we should advance commonsense conservative solutions that do not provide for an increase in taxes or new taxes to replenish the Highway Trust Fund.
Tax increases and top-down Washington mandates should be rejected in favor of adopting legislation that allows states to decide how to best meet the transportation needs of their residents and to reprioritize the expenditures of the trust fund on highway infrastructure, as it was intended.
Combating high gas prices and bolstering our economy continues to be a top priority for House Republicans.
Since retaking control of the House following the 2010 midterm elections, Republicans have passed dozens of bills that would increase energy production and lead to sustained low gas and energy prices for hardworking American families and businesses.
I am committed to advancing a truly All of the Above energy strategy that will expand domestic sources of production, invest in clean energy technologies, and reduce our dependence on foreign oil to help keep gas prices low for Americans.
As always, I welcome your comments. To share your thoughts on legislation, votes or issues, please visit
http://jeffmiller.house.gov/
to send an e-mail or call any of my offices.
Thanks,
Jeff
Click Here
to view this email in your browser
Click Here
to be removed from this list