
North Star Newsletter | April 2015
An Effective Response to Minnesota's Bird Flu Outbreak
This past weekend, I was in Willmar, where I joined forces with Governor Dayton and other federal, state, and local officials to help with preparation for an effective response to the recent outbreak of bird flu that is hitting poultry producers in counties around the state.
While this outbreak is in no way a threat to our food supply, it does threaten the economic well-being of our producers and of communities across the state who are affected. Minnesota is the top turkey-producing state in the country&mdash;with third, fourth, and even fifth-generation farmers&mdash;so it's critical that we respond quickly when such outbreaks are found in our state.
I've pressed Secretary of Agriculture Tom Vilsack and officials at the White House to ensure that we not only have adequate resources to fight this outbreak, but also to get assistance for Minnesota producers whose livelihoods have been harmed because they've had to destroy their flocks.
While in Willmar, I worked with state, federal, and local officials and experts from across the country who are on the ground in Minnesota to help with our response. Many of them who came from other parts of the country said to me that the cooperation between producers and experts working to fight this outbreak in Minnesota is the best they have ever seen. The poultry industry is so important to our state's economy, and I will work to ensure that our ongoing response to this outbreak continues to be as effective as possible.
Fifth Annual Minnesota Hotdish Off
Last week, I hosted my Fifth Annual Minnesota Congressional Delegation Hotdish Off. I was proud to welcome my colleagues from both sides of the aisle to compete for this year's best hotdish, which is a traditional Minnesota fare similar to a casserole. It was a great opportunity for all ten members of Congress from Minnesota to spend some quality time together and have fun.
Everyone's entries were delicious, but Rep. Betty McCollum took home the top spot this year, with her "Turkey, Sweet Potato, and Wild Rice Hotdish." With a bit of kale, I think this marks the first time a healthy hotdish has won the competition. I highly recommend trying it, and all the other entries, for yourself. To read all the recipes, click
here .
In 2011, I started the friendly competition to bring the Minnesota members of Congress together in the spirit of friendship and to celebrate a great Minnesota tradition&mdash;the hotdish. Getting together to share some of our favorite dishes was a great way to celebrate the end of winter, and I hope you'll take a look at all the
recipes
and
photos
from this year's competition.
I'm already working on my hotdish for next year.
Collapse of Comcast-Time Warner Cable Deal Enormous Victory for American Consumers
Last week's news that Comcast's proposal to buy Time Warner Cable had collapsed was a huge victory for consumers in Minnesota and across the country. When the deal was first announced 15 months ago, I came out against it, because tens of millions of Americans would have faced higher prices for cable and broadband services, fewer choices, and&mdash;if you can believe it&mdash;even worse service. We need more competition in the cable and broadband markets, not less, and allowing Comcast to buy its biggest competitor would have been a disaster.
The deal would have created a colossal company that would have been able to dominate its competition and abuse its subscribers. It would have given a single company control over 57 percent of high-speed Internet services and created a telecom giant the size of which we'd never seen before. It's a good thing the deal is dead.
But this won't be the last time the interests of consumers clash with the desires of big corporations in the media and technology space. As the top Democrat on the Senate Judiciary Subcommittee on Privacy, Technology and the Law, my focus will continue to be on protecting consumers as technology rapidly develops every day.
Working to Fix Our Nation's Education Policies
Making sure that all students have access to a world-class education is one of my highest priorities. We've been living under 'No Child Left Behind' for 13 years now, and while we've learned a lot about what works, we've learned even more about what doesn't work.
In the Senate Education Committee, we just finished working on new legislation to reform our country's education system, and I was pleased to play a key role in crafting the bill. For the last six years, I've been to schools all over Minnesota, and I've talked to students, teachers, principals, superintendents, and parents. After those conversations, I developed some priorities that I'm pleased to say were included in the legislation, which you can read about
here .
Now the bill that we worked on will head to the full Senate. As we debate it, I want to see a bipartisan solution to fixing our federal education policy, and I am hopeful that we can find common ground to improve the bill and ensure that it helps all Minnesota students succeed.
To unsubscribe from these newsletters, please visit the unsubscribe page here: http://franken.senate.gov/?p=newsletter_unsub
