
eNewsletter
|
Facebook
|
Twitter
|
Macs Blog
|
YouTube
|
Video Mailbox
Dear Friend,
FBI Director James Comey has written a powerful reminder that there is unimaginable evil in the world, that we cannot be afraid to face it, and that the nature of man requires limited government to protect us. Spending a week in Eastern Europe recently, I was reminded of the tremendous cruelty and suffering those people have experienced and how they look to the United States as the primary force for good in the world. The same is true for all of those facing the barbarism of ISIS, Al Qaeda, and other groups.
Please take a moment to read Director Comeys oped. I remain grateful for the chance to serve this great country of ours.
Sincerely,
--
The following was published in the April 17, 2015 edition of The Washington Post.
The Washington Post
Why I require FBI agents to visit the Holocaust Museum
By James B. Comey
April 16, 2015
The writer is director of the FBI.
This commentary is adapted from a speech given Wednesday at the U.S. Holocaust Memorial Museums 2015 National Tribute Dinner.
I believe that the Holocaust is the most significant event in human history. And I mean significant in two different ways.
It is, of course, significant because it was the most horrific display in world history of inhumanity, one that simply defies words and challenges meaning. I was born into an Irish Catholic family in this great, wonderful and safe country, but the Holocaust has always haunted me, and it has long stood as a stumbling block to faith.
How could such a thing be? How is that consistent with the concept of a loving God? How is that in any way reconcilable with the notion of a God with a role in human history? How could there possibly be meaning in life, when so many lives were snuffed out in such a fashion?
I have asked those questions since I was a young teenager. I have asked them my entire life. I asked the same questions standing in the pit at Ground Zero in early 2002. I have asked those questions many times as I have confronted unimaginable suffering and loss.
And I know I am in good company asking such questions. Last month, on a flight home from Eastern Europe, I reread Viktor Frankls wrenching Mans Search for Meaning, in which he seeks to find meaning in suffering and loving, among other things.
And going much farther back, back before I was a religious studies major in college, I recalled the voice from the whirlwind in the Book of Job, rebuking us for even asking the question Why? How dare you! the voice seems to say. It is not for you to ask, it is not for you to know.
And yet I ask, as so many of us do. And I still dont know.
But I do know this: I know it is our duty, our obligation, to make sure some good comes from unimaginable bad. Not so we can comfort ourselves by saying, Oh, that was worth it then. Thats nonsense. That would be perverse. It will never be worth it.
Instead, I believe it is simply our duty to do that, and I believe this is truth no matter where you come from on a philosophical or religious spectrum. Our obligation is to refuse to let bad win, to refuse to let evil hold the field. As Abraham Lincoln said on a field of unimaginable pain and loss, it is essential that we here highly resolve that these dead shall not have died in vain. Our resolution does not justify the loss, but we simply cannot be alive and give up.
There are so many ways to fight evil to ensure it doesnt hold the field. Some do this through public service that can involve actual physical battles against evil; others by different kinds of service, including the service of teaching a world what happened, teaching a world what is true.
The Holocaust was, as I said, the most horrific display in world history of inhumanity. But it was also the most horrific display in world history of our humanity, of our capacity for evil and for moral surrender.
And that second significance is the reason I require every new FBI special agent and intelligence analyst to go to the Holocaust Museum. Naturally, I want them to learn about abuse of authority on a breathtaking scale. But I want them to confront something more painful and more dangerous: I want them to see humanity and what we are capable of.
I want them to see that, although this slaughter was led by sick and evil people, those sick and evil leaders were joined by, and followed by, people who loved their families, took soup to a sick neighbor, went to church and gave to charity.
Good people helped murder millions. And thats the most frightening lesson of all
that our very humanity made us capable of, even susceptible to, surrendering our individual moral authority to the group, where it can be hijacked by evil. Of being so cowed by those in power. Of convincing ourselves of nearly anything.
In their minds, the murderers and accomplices of Germany, and Poland, and Hungary, and so many, many other places didnt do something evil. They convinced themselves it was the right thing to do, the thing they had to do. Thats what people do. And that should truly frighten us.
That is why I send our agents and our analysts to the Holocaust Museum. I want them to stare at us and realize our capacity for rationalization and moral surrender. I want them to walk out of that great museum treasuring the constraint and oversight of divided government, the restriction of the rule of law, the binding of a free and vibrant press. I want them to understand that all of this is necessary as a check on us because of the way we are. We must build it, we must know it and we must nurture it now, so that it can save us later. That is the only path to the responsible exercise of power.
AMARILLO OFFICE
620 South Taylor Street, Suite 200
Amarillo, Texas 79101
T (806) 371-8844
F (806) 371-7044
WASHINGTON, DC OFFICE
2208 Rayburn House Office Building
Washington, DC 20515
T (202) 225-3706
F (202) 225-3486
WICHITA FALLS OFFICE
2525 Kell Blvd, Suite 406
Wichita Falls, Texas 76308
T (940) 692-1700
F (940) 692-0539
UPDATE SUBSCRIPTION OPTIONS
|
PRIVACY POLICY
|
CONTACT US
Click Here
to view this email in your browser
Click Here
to be removed from this list