DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.0 Transitional//EN" "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml1/DTD/xhtml1-transitional.dtd"
If you are having trouble reading this email,
please view the web version .
House Passes Two Appropriations Bills
Congress normally passes a total of twelve spending bills over the course of the year. This is where Congress has the power of the purse, to decide how much to spend, what to spend it on, and give instructions to the Executive Branch on how to spend it.
This year, the House has started this process early. In fact, this is the earliest Congress has started this process since 1974.
This week the House passed bills setting funding levels for federal Energy and Water projects, as well as Military Construction, and the VA.
Both of these bills passed in a bipartisan fashion.
Human Rights Commission Hearing on North Korea
On Wednesday, the Tom Lantos Human Rights Commission, which I co-Chair, held a hearing on human rights abuses in North Korea. The North Korean government has been using forced laborslave laboreven in fulfilling contracts with other countries. So-called contract workers are sent to countries in East Asia, Central Asia, Africa and Central Europe and forced to work while their movements are surveilled by government minders. Their salaries are deposited into accounts controlled by the North Korean government, which keeps most of the money, claiming various voluntary contributions to government endeavors.
Workers receive only a fraction of the money paid to the North Korean government for their work.
New Cures Drafts
On Tuesday, the Health Subcommittee, which I chair, released a second discussion draft of the 21st Century Cures Initiative. On Thursday morning, we had a hearing about this draft, our eighth hearing to date on this topic. We have already had over two-dozen roundtables around the country.
This week we began the second phase, the legislative phase. This new draft contains ideas from both Republicans and Democrats. At the hearing, witnesses from the FDA and the National Institutes of Health told us how the bill would affect their day to day work of trying to develop and deliver cures. We will take these views in to consideration, and we intend to have a bill on the Presidents desk by the end of the year.
Op-ed of the Week: 100 Years of Coatesville
On Monday, I had the pleasure of celebrating the 100th anniversary of Coatesville, the only city in Chester County, at the Coatesville Train Station.
Hundreds of people, including state and local officials, turned out for this happy occasion. The Coatesville Area Senior High Marching Band played, a number of speakers read poetry inspired by Coatesville, and a new city logo was announced.
It is hard to believe that, despite Coatesvilles long history, it only became a city a century ago. Even back then, it was already historic.
Read more in this weeks OP-ED .
Facebook
Podcast
Tell Joe Your Opinion
Issues
The 16th District
Ask Joe For Help
The Government
Legislation
Press
About Joe Pitts
Photo Gallery
Please feel free to
forward this email to your friends and family .
Recent Videos
Opening Statement on ISIS Human Rights Abuses
Rep. Pitts opens a Human Rights Commission hearing on the abuses of the Islamic State.
A Permanent Replacement to the Sustainable Growth Rate
Rep. Pitts leads debate on the bill to permanently replace the flawed Medicare Sustainable Growth Rate.
Washington, D.C. Office
420 Cannon House Office Building
Washington, DC 20515
(1st Street and Independence Avenue)
202-225-2411
202-225-2013 (fax)
Chester County Office
Post Office Box 837
Unionville, PA 19375
(Routes 82 and 926)
610-444-4581
610-444-5750 (fax)
Lancaster Office
150 North Queen Street
Suite 716 (7th floor)
Lancaster, PA 17603
717-393-0667
717-393-0924 (fax)
Click Here Click Here