
If you are having trouble viewing this message or
would like to share it on a social network, you can
view the message online .
Congressman
Bruce Poliquin
Representing the 2nd District
March 27, 2015
Balancing the
Federal Budget : On Wednesday, Congressman Bruce Poliquin
supported a budget that will balance within 10 years without raising
taxes. This is a stark contrast to the Presidents budget that never
balances, ever, and raises taxes.
E-mail Updates
Yes, please periodically send me e-mail updates.*
*By subscribing to my
e-mail updates, you
are authorizing me to send regular e-mail updates from my office to
your e-mail account.
Protecting and Preserving Medicare : On Thursday,
Congressman Poliquin supported
a bill
that will protect and preserve Medicare. This legislation will stop a 21%
cut to reimbursement rates for doctors who see Medicare patients that
would have occurred on March 31. These cuts would have negatively
impacted Mainers who rely on these Medicare
services.
Its imperative for Congress to protect and
preserve Medicare and make it more accessible for our seniors. The
Medicare Access and Chip Reauthorization Act provides the first-step in
preserving and protecting Medicare for our
seniors.
Operation Choke
Point : On Tuesday, Congressman Bruce Poliquin
questioned FDIC Chairman Martin Gruenberg at the House Financial Services
Oversight and Investigations subcommittee hearing regarding Operation Choke
Point. More information on Operation Choke Point can be found
HERE .
Share on Facebook Share on Twitter
Bipartisan Task Force to Investigate Terrorism
Financing : On Wednesday, the House Financial Services Subcommittee established
the
Bipartisan Task Force to
Investigate Terrorism Financing . As a member of this task force,
Congressman Poliquin released the following statement: Im honored and proud
to be a member of the Bipartisan Task Force to Investigate Terrorist
Financing. Congress must do everything possible to stop ISIL and
Al-Qaeda from receiving funds to carry out their malicious plans. I look
forward to working with my colleagues, Republican and Democrat, to
complete this task.
Collins, King, Poliquin Urge FDA to Withdraw Proposed
Rule : On Monday, U.S. Senators Susan Collins and Angus King and
Congressman Bruce Poliquin sent a letter to United States Food and Drug
Administration (FDA) Commissioner, Dr. Margaret A. Hamburg, urging FDA
to withdraw the Electronic Distribution of Prescribing Information
for Human Prescription Drugs, Including Biological Products proposed
rule.
Pharmaceutical paper inserts are an important tool for our
pharmacists and health care professionals that are in charge of
administering life-saving medications to our hardworking families and
seniors, Senators Collins and King and Congressman Poliquin said in a
joint statement. While we are pleased the public comment period has been
extended, we will continue to press FDA to reconsider and withdraw
this harmful proposed rule.
Week Ahead : Next week, Congressman
Poliquin will be attending meetings and touring facilities in
Washington, Androscoggin and Oxford county. Have a great
weekend!
OFFICE LOCATIONS:
WASHINGTON, DC OFFICE
426
Cannon House Office Building
Washington, DC
20515
Phone: (202) 225-6306
Fax: (202) 225-2943
BANGOR, ME
OFFICE
6 State Street Suite 101
Bangor, ME 04401
Phone:
(207) 942-0583
Fax: (207) 942-0583
LEWISTON, ME OFFICE
179 Lisbon Street
Lewiston, ME
04240
Phone: (207) 784-0768
PRESQUE ISLE, ME
OFFICE
631 Main Street, Suite 2
Presque Isle, ME 04769
Phone: (207) 764-1968
Unsubscribe
|
Update My Profile
|
Privacy
Policy
