DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.0 Transitional//EN" "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml1/DTD/xhtml1-transitional.dtd"
Email Newsletter
Recently in Washington
Last week the House passed H.R. 1029, the
EPA Science Advisory Board Reform Act of 2015 , by a vote of 236-181.
This bill would ensure EPA actions are accountable and transparent by reforming the EPA Science Advisory Board.
The House also passed H.R. 1030, the
Secret Science Reform Act of 2015 , by a vote of 241-175.
This bill prohibits the EPA from making rules or regulations without first identifying the technical information behind them, and making that information publicly available.
Finally, the House passed S.J.Res. 8, which disapproved of the rule submitted by the National Labor Relations Board to cut the time between filing of a union petition and the secret ballot election. This rule is commonly known as the ambush elections rule because it allows workers just 11 days to decide whether or not to join a union before casting their ballot.
Congressman Simpson supported all three pieces of legislation.
Simpson Examines Budget for Energy Programs
Idaho Congressman Mike Simpson, Chairman of the House Energy and Water Development Appropriations Subcommittee, today held two hearings to discuss budget issues with officials from the Department of Energy.
The first hearing was focused on the Department of Energys Applied Energy Programs, with Assistant Secretaries from the Offices of Energy Efficiency and Renewable Energy, Nuclear Energy, Fossil Energy, and Electricity Delivery and Energy Reliability testifying.
The second hearing was focused on the Department of Energys Office of Science, with Acting Director Dr. Patricia Dehmer testifying.
Dr. Franklin Orr, Under Secretary for Science and Energy testified at both hearings.
In the first hearing, Simpson discussed the Nuclear Energy University Program and the importance of ensuring a strong future nuclear workforce, the Idaho National Labs Advanced Test Reactors maintenance and upgrade needs, and funding for Safeguards and Security at the Idaho National Lab.
He also noted that the Obama Administration has once again proposed a significant increase for Energy Efficiency and Renewable Energy while proposing to reduce Fossil Energy and Nuclear Energy.
I agree that an all of the above approach should fund research in new energy sources, but we also need to ensure we are efficiently and effectively using our existing sources, said Simpson.
Last year, Fossil and Nuclear energy sources provided about 85 percent of all the electricity produced in this country. Just increasing the production efficiency by one percent of any fossil or nuclear fuel source would have a tremendous effect on net electricity generation. A true all of the above approach would not make these sources the lowest priorities of the Department of Energy.
In the Office of Science hearing, Simpson talked about working towards scientific breakthroughs with a flat budget, project management at the International Thermonuclear Experimental Reactor (ITER) project, and practical examples of how investments in science programs are a good use of taxpayer dollars.
The Office of Science is the single largest supporter of basic research in the United States, and its activities have resulted in some of the most important scientific breakthroughs of the twentieth century, said Simpson.
Today were focusing quite a bit on the challenges to your office within a limited budget, but its important to remember the remarkable work supported by the Office of Science that happens day in and day out, both at the national labs and at American universities and other institutions that receive grants.
After the hearings, Simpson said, Our budget situation will require us to make difficult decisions.
I am mindful of the importance that these programs hold not just for American industrial competitiveness, but also for the comfort, safety, and well-being of all of our constituents.
But we need to set careful priorities and do more with the limited resources available, and always remain mindful of what the role of the private sector is or should be in making these investments.
Maintaining a Vibrant INL
By Congressman Mike Simpson
In the world of politics, some of the toughest moments are when you find yourself disagreeing with those you consider friends.
That has never been truer for me than in my current difference of opinion with former Governors Phil Batt and Cecil Andrus. They are opposing two INL shipments containing just 200 pounds of commercial nuclear fuel because of a delay related to the 1995 Settlement Agreement. The shipments represent the beginning of a research project slated to bring tens of millions of dollars to Idaho.
My difference of opinion with the two former Governors is NOT over their desire to protect Idahos environment or the integrity of the Agreement. Instead, its over their apparent desire to return to an ugly, contentious, and unproductive era of fighting with the DOE instead of maintaining a more constructive and beneficial partnership.
Governors Batt and Andrus were not only correct, but courageous, in taking the federal government to task in the 1990s over long-running failures to remediate INL after decades of secrecy and environmental contamination. Their fight with DOE not only produced an agreement for which we are all grateful today, it actually facilitated the eventual revitalization of the lab and its research mission in Eastern Idaho.
Early in my Congressional service, the Bush Administration proposed cleaning up and closing down INL. Idahoans were rightfully outraged and a multi-year, multi-pronged effort to save the lab began in earnest.
The result of that effort, after years of hard work and relationship mending, included not only the accelerated cleanup of nuclear contamination, but unprecedented new research opportunities. A decade later, INL is approaching $1 billion a year in business volume and cleanup has progressed in ways hard to imagine back in 1995. New buildings have sprung up across INL and its scientists have gone from working in old garages to doing research in world class facilities.
It's important to note that INL isnt just a world leader in nuclear energy research. Its internationally-significant missions include national and homeland security, renewable and alternative energy, grid protection, cutting edge chemistry, securing nuclear materials across the globe, and much, much more. The lab employs thousands of Idahoans directly and is responsible indirectly for the careers of tens of thousands more. And its a strong partner with our states universities
a partnership that benefits all Idahoans.
Most frustrating for me, when thinking about the recent statements of the former Governors, is that none of this would have been possible without their work and courageyet all of it is potentially at risk if they continue to insist on moving backward.
You see, there is no such thing as a lead nuclear energy research laboratory that cant access nuclear materials on which to do its research. The two former Governors know this
and yet their words suggest they havent taken the time or effort to understand what is truly going on at INL.
With that in mind, I invite them to spend some time at INL
they havent been there in years. I want them to see the impressive facilities where this research is being done. I want them to meet the scientists who conduct this important research. I want them to view the safeguards in place to ensure the work is done safely and with absolutely no risk to the environment, or our life-sustaining aquifer.
I encourage them to embrace the new, productive, collaborative, and exciting relationship the State of Idaho has built with the Department of Energy over the last decade. And I want them to fully appreciate their own essential role in making it all possible.
Simpson Supports House Passed Bills to Improve EPA Transparency
Idaho Congressman Mike Simpson last week supported a series of bills to bring greater transparency and accountability to actions by the Environmental Protection Agency (EPA).
H.R. 1029, the EPA Science Advisory Board Reform Act of 2015, and H.R. 1030, the Secret Science Reform Act of 2015, were both passed by the House of Representatives with bipartisan support.
The EPA Science Advisory Board Reform Act, which would make a number of reforms to the EPAs Science Advisory Board to ensure that EPAs decisions are made on qualified and independent science, complements Simpsons efforts to address concerns about the EPAs Integrated Risk Information System (IRIS) program.
In recent years the IRIS program has drawn harsh criticism from the science community.
H.R. 1029 takes action based on findings from a National Academy of Sciences study that Simpson commissioned in 2011 when he chaired the House Interior and Environment Appropriations Subcommittee.
The public needs to be able to trust that EPAs policy decisions are based on good science and not swayed by politics, said Simpson.
When we first examined the IRIS system, we found a broken process that lacked scientific accountability, and Im pleased that Congress has taken up addition efforts to improve transparency and accountability and increase public participation in EPAs decision making process.
The Secret Science Reform Act would ensure that EPA is accountable and transparent to taxpayers by making scientific data used by the agency available to the public. This bill addresses the lack of transparency often demonstrated by the Obama Administration when issuing new regulations that have significant impacts on the American people.
I have been a strong advocate for strict EPA oversight so Americans can avoid the burdensome regulations that federal agencies far too often create, said Simpson. Without public availability of scientific data, there is no way for the science community to participate in a fully vetted process. These bills would bring much needed transparency and accountability to the EPA.
H.R. 1029 passed in the House of Representatives by a vote of 236-181 and H.R. 1030 passed by a vote of 241-175. Both pieces of legislation now head to the Senate for consideration.
Committee Schedule
Tuesday
At 9:00 a.m., the House Interior and Environment Subcommittee on Appropriations will hold an American Indian/Alaska Native public witness hearing.
At 10:00 a.m., Chairman Simpson will host a House Energy and Water Appropriations Subcommittee hearing regarding the Nuclear Regulatory Commission.
At 10:00 a.m., the House Labor, Health and Human Services, Education Subcommittee on Appropriations will hold a hearing regarding the National Labor Relations Board.
At 1:00 p.m., the House Interior and Environment Subcommittee on Appropriations will hold an American Indian/Alaska Native public witness hearing.
Wednesday
At 8:30 a.m., the House Labor, Health and Human Services, Education Subcommittee on Appropriations will hold a hearing with Centers for Disease Control and Prevention Director Dr. Thomas Frieden.
At 9:00 a.m., the House Interior and Environment Subcommittee on Appropriations will hold an American Indian/Alaska Native public witness hearing.
At 9:30 a.m., Chairman Simpson will host a House Energy and Water Appropriations Subcommittee hearing regarding the National Nuclear Security Administration, Naval Reactors and Nuclear Nonproliferation programs.
At 1:00 p.m., the House Interior and Environment Subcommittee on Appropriations will hold an American Indian/Alaska Native public witness hearing.
Floor Schedule
MONDAY, MARCH 23RD
On Monday, the House will meet at 12:00 p.m. for morning hour and 2:00 p.m. for legislative business. Votes will be postponed until 6:30 p.m.
Legislation Considered Under Suspension of the Rules:
1)
H.R. 360
- Native American Housing Assistance and Self-Determination Reauthorization Act of 2015, as amended
(Sponsored by Rep. Steve Pearce / Financial Services Committee)
2)
H.R. 233
- Tenant Income Verification Relief Act of 2015
(Sponsored by Rep. Ed Perlmutter / Financial Services Committee)
3)
H.R. 216
- Department of Veterans Affairs Budget Planning Reform Act of 2015, as amended
(Sponsored by Rep. Corrine Brown / Veterans Affairs Committee)
4)
H. Res. 53
- Condemning the cowardly attack on innocent men, women, and children in the northeastern Nigerian town of Baga, as amended
(Sponsored by Rep. Robin Kelly / Foreign Affairs Committee)
5)
H. Res. ___
- Calling on the President to provide Ukraine with military assistance to defend its sovereignty and territorial integrity
(Sponsored by Rep. Eliot Engel / Foreign Affairs Committee)
TUESDAY, MARCH 24TH AND THE BALANCE OF THE WEEK
On Tuesday, the House will meet at 10:00 a.m. for morning hour and 12:00 p.m. for legislative business.
On Wednesday, the House will meet at 10:00 a.m. for legislative business and recess immediately. The House will reconvene at approximately 10:45 a.m. for a Joint Meeting of Congress to receive His Excellency Mohammad Ashraf Ghani, President of the Islamic Republic of Afghanistan.
On Thursday, the House will meet at 9:00 a.m. for legislative business. Last votes expected no later than 3:00 p.m.
On Friday, no votes are expected in the House.
Legislation Considered Under Suspension of the Rules:
1)
H.R. 1092
- To designate the Federal building located at 2030 Southwest 145th Avenue in Miramar, Florida, as the Benjamin P. Grogan and Jerry L. Dove Federal Bureau of Investigation Miami Field Office, as amended
(Sponsored by Rep. Frederica Wilson / Transportation and Infrastructure Committee)
H. Con. Res. __
- Establishing the budget for the United States Government for fiscal year 2016 and setting forth appropriate budgetary levels for fiscal years 2017 through 2025 (Subject to a Rule)
(Sponsored by Rep. Tom Price / Budget Committee)
In the News
Schools on Tax-Exempt Lands Suffer as Impact Aid Lags
While the Education Departments budget grows, the amount of money intended to help certain schools has stagnated.
By Preston Michelson, U.S. News and World Report, March 20, 2015
Money to schools on or near Indian reservations and military bases has stagnated in the last decade.
Most school districts get about half of their funding from local property taxes. But schools on Indian reservations and military bases
which are tax-exempt
dont have that traditional funding resource. Instead, they rely on federal Impact Aid to make up the difference.
But since 2005, Impact Aid spending has grown by less than 5 percent. Adjusted for inflation, the government is currently giving out about the same amount of money as it did in 2001, even though Department of Education discretionary funding has grown since then.
The Education Department budget is a $3.6 billion increase over last year
however, not a penny to increase Impact Aid, said Rep. Mike Simpson, R-Idaho, at a House appropriations subcommittee hearing earlier this month. More than 60 percent of Idahos land is federally owned.
Its kind of frustrating to many Western states that tax-exempt federal property, military bases or Indian lands
because Impact Aid is the federal governments obligation, Simpson said.
Nearly 60 percent of Impact Aid is given to schools near Indian reservations. And Education Secretary Arne Duncan said at the hearing that Native American communities have to receive desperately needed support.
[There is an] urgent need to do more in Native American communities, Duncan said in front of the panel that deals with education spending. We have included $53 million in our budget to improve college and career readiness for native youth. And well work with the Department of Interior to expand the Bureau of Indian Educations capacity.
Even though Duncan recognizes the need for support for Indian communities, the funding levels for Impact Aid remain flat. This also isnt new.
Beginning in the 60s and 70s, we became underfunded and it was always a matter of trying to maintain an element of stability, said John Forkenbrock, executive director of the National Association of Federally Impacted Schools. Its always important that [school officials] keep Impact Aid on the front-burner of their member of Congress; that its important to their district in terms of turning the lights on and making sure teachers get paid.
In essence, Impact Aid is Washington paying its own tax bill on the lands the government owns. In this scenario, Forkenbrock says, Uncle Sam is a delinquent. Impact Aid is at only 56 percent of full funding
the amount needed to make up for all of the lost tax revenue.
Instead, the government relies on
an alternate formula
to pay these school districts, with more money going to the locations with the highest need, based on their number of federally impacted students and reliance on the federal aid. Combined, that makes up whats called a Learning Opportunity Threshold.
Schools near Indian lands are more likely to be highly impacted than schools near military bases. There are about 300 Indian lands districts with 80 percent or 90 percent enrollment of students living on federal land, versus about 25 military districts.
The goal is to pay school districts at 100 percent of this Learning Opportunity Threshold. From 1998 to 2010, there was enough money to go around. In 2002, because of the budget surplus, the federal government was actually paying out at 152 percent.
In 2011, it fell to 99 percent, then 96 percent. In 2013, the government faced sequestration, a series of across-the-board spending cuts to lower annual deficits. The spending numbers from that year have not yet been finalized, but Forkenbrock anticipates a pay-out of about 88 percent of the threshold. At a level that low, schools started laying off staff and cutting programs.
It could have been worse.
The fact that we have been in a recession, the per-pupil expenditures nationwide have really remained relatively stable, in fact they have even dropped a few dollars, said Forkenbrock, who has been with the association for more than 25 years.
The expectation is that the threshold will prove to have been funded in the mid-90 percent range for 2014. At that level, the extent of the repercussions for schools would be losing bus transportation for sports teams, reducing an art or music program, or putting off school improvements. It could also have long-term repercussions if a district has to dip into its reserve money.
We don't like to see the numbers that are getting into 30's and 40's in [class sizes], but we've had to do it because of reduced funding and not keeping up with inflation, said Brent Gish, the executive director of the National Indian Impacted Schools Association, a part of Forkenbrocks coalition. I think its an oversight.
As the country comes out of its economic woes and Washington ramps up educational investments, per-pupil expenditures could rise. But if that anticipated growth doesnt match up with a rise in Impact Aid spending, there will be problems.
Impact Aid is a lifeblood for our school districts, said Gish, a member of the White Earth Band of Chippewa Tribes of Minnesota. At a time which school reform is being implemented, school improvement, school restructuring
Impact Aid is a critical funding source to make this happen.
Contact Mike
Issues
Other News
MEDIA CENTER
Simpson thanks VA for their work with veterans in
Eastern Idaho
If you are having trouble reading this message, try viewing the
web version
BIOGRAPHY
|
NEWS CENTER
|
ISSUES
|
SERVICES FOR YOU
|
2ND DISTRICT
|
CONTACT
Click Here Click Here