
If you are having trouble viewing this message or would like to
share it on a social network, you can
view the message online .
About
Contact
Services
Media
Center
Legislation
Issues
Resources
April 05, 2015
Friends,
On your growing list of things to do this week,
dealing with a sudden illness or a medical emergency of a loved one is
probably not part of it. But folks get sick and accidents happen.
Here in North Carolina, were blessed to have some of the best health
care facilities that provide unparalleled patient care and conduct
cutting-edge research.
We can rest easier knowing we can count
on some of the most well-respected health care professionals and
doctors.
Last week, I had the opportunity to visit
a few facilities in our state that are leading the way in specialized
care and life-saving, innovative research.
Part of Wake
Forest Baptist Medical Center, the Childress Institute for Pediatric Trauma
is dedicated to preventing and treating severe injuries in our
children. Youve probably seen stories of head injuries, concussions and
trauma in professional sports in the news recently, but this is also a
very serious issue for our children.
According to the Centers
for Disease Control, 10,000 children in America are killed from serious
injury every year and thousands more are seriously injured and require
extensive medical care.
Pediatric trauma is caused by many
different things - a car accident, a fall, a sports injury
but each
instance could require specialized care for a
child.
In addition to caring for
injured kids, the Childress Institute is conducting groundbreaking
research that aims to find new ways to identify, treat and prevent serious
injuries in our youth.
These children are our future and Ill
continue to be a partner in efforts to save their lives, prevent
injuries and make recovery from a traumatic injury
easier.
I
also had the opportunity to witness some of the most advanced medical
breakthroughs of our time at the Wake Forest Institute for Regenerative
Medicine. Dr. Anthony Atala and his skilled team of physicians and
researchers are growing new human cells, tissues and organs to cure
diseases.
In fact, scientists at this center were the first in the
world to successfully implant laboratory-grown organs into
humans.
They continue to lead the international community by growing more
than 30 different organs and tissues.
It is absolutely
awe-inspiring to know that this type of research is happening in our
backyard.
As your Representative, I am deeply invested in
determining how Congress can better work with specialized treatment and research
centers like the Wake Forest Institute for Regenerative Medicine and
the Childress Institute to guarantee the best health care in North
Carolina.
Another way Im working to improve the health of
our local communities is through combating and preventing prescription
drug and heroin abuse.
Sadly, more than 20,000 Americans die
each year from prescription opioid overdoses, and the crisis of
prescription drug and opioid abuse continues to make its way into every
corner of North Carolina. Last week, I hosted a
roundtable
discussion in Charlotte to focus on ways to combat this epidemic
with Charlotte Mayor Clodfelter, Charlotte Mecklenburg Police
Department Captain Vorhees, Charlotte Mecklenburg Schools Director of Arts,
Health and Physical Education Debra Kaclik and Fred Brason, Executive
Director of Project Lazarus, a community based opioid overdose
prevention model in Wilkes county.
Click
here
to learn more about the roundtable
from TWC News.
I brought this group together to raise awareness of
this crisis and learn about some of the things the federal government
can do to better coordinate with local folks who are on the front
lines.
We cant sweep this
issue under the rug -
we must unite
to help find
ways to turn this opioid abuse crisis around, save lives and restore our
community.
If you or someone you know needs help with
substance abuse, please contact the North Carolina Division of Mental
Health, Developmental Disabilities and Substance Abuse Services at
(919) 715-3197
or find your local center for help and
information at
www.ncdhhs.gov .
Until next week,
Richard
Hudson
Member of
Congress (NC-08)
Concord
Office
325 McGill Ave, NW
Suite 500
Concord, NC 28027
Phone: (704) 7861612
Rockingham
Office
1015 Fayetteville Rd
Rockingham, NC 28379
Phone: (910)
9972070
Washington D.C. Office
429 Cannon HOB
Washington, DC 20515
Phone:
(202) 2253715
Unsubscribe
|
Update
My Profile
|
Privacy Policy
gateway
mail end 