
Click here
if you have trouble viewing this email
ABOUT DENNIS
|
SERVING YOU
|
NEWSROOM
|
ISSUES &amp; LEGISLATION
|
15TH DISTRICT
|
CONTACT
15th District Update
Dear Neighbor,
This week, my colleagues and I passed a budget that will balance in less than ten years and provide for a stronger America. We also passed bipartisan reforms
to strengthen the Medicare program and provide certainty to our communitys doctors. In addition, I introduced two pieces of legislation that will protect consumer savings, and your tax dollars from frivolous government waste.
On Monday, I introduced bipartisan legislation entitled, the
Financial Stability Oversight Council Improvement Act of 2015 .
This bill will keep the money you invested for retirement, or other savings goals, safe from burdensome government regulations established by the Financial Stability Oversight Council (FSOC). FSOC monitors companies that pose a risk to our financial system. However, if they label asset management firms that manage your retirement investments, or other saving investments, as being systemically risky, the firm has to deal with added costs that trickle down to you, the investor. Asset management companies and insurance companies are not banks. They did not cause the 2008 financial crisis. In fact, during a Financial Services Committee hearing, I asked Mary Jo White, chair of the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission how the asset management industry contributed to the 2008 financial crisis. She replied,
"I don't see a lot of fingers pointed
to
them.
My legislation will create ways to keep asset management companies and other nonbanks from wrongful designation and will provide a path for currently designated companies to be undesignated.
On Tuesday, I introduced the
Zero-Based Budgeting Ensures Responsible Oversight Act (ZERO Act) of 2015 .
This legislation will require the president, his agency and department managers to justify every line item on their budget request
every
year. It requires them to start a new budget each year at zero and explain the need for each line item. The goal is to prevent agencies like the Environmental Protection Agency from using $79,300 of hard working American tax dollars for prohibited, improper &amp; erroneous goods and services. Our country is more than $18 trillion in debt. We must rein in the waste, fraud and abuse of massive government bureaucracies.
Small businesses across our district know the best way to balance their budgets is to start at zero. Washington should follow their lead.
On Wednesday, I helped pass the FY16 Budget Resolution that will make America an even stronger nation.
Our budget will cut spending by $5.5 trillion, balance the Federal budget in less than ten years without raising taxes, and ensure our nation starts living within its means. The budget passed by the House puts forward meaningful solutions that will encourage pro-growth tax reform, and places America on a path to pay off our debt by cutting waste and improving accountability.
On Thursday, I helped pass the
Medicare Access and CHIP Reauthorization Act of 2015 . This bipartisan legislation creates strong reforms to Medicare that ensures seniors will continue to have access to their healthcare
providers,
while saving taxpayer dollars for years to come.
For twelve years, Congress has spent nearly $170 billion on 17 short-term patches to the flawed Sustainable Growth Rate (SGR) formula.
This legislation ends the cycle of cliffs and replaces the SGR with a system that brings stability and certainty to hospitals and doctors who treat Medicare recipients.
This bill will also keep 400,000 children in the state of Florida insured by extending the Children's Health Insurance Program (CHIP).
On Thursday, I was officially appointed to the Bipartisan Task Force to Investigate Terrorism Financing . As a member of this bipartisan Task Force, I will work with my colleagues to ensure the federal government is utilizing all of the tools available to choke off the financial resources of radical terrorist groups like the Islamic State. Our goal is to ensure money laundering in the United States is not going toward terrorist activities. I look forward to meeting with members of the U.S. Special Operations Command, who combat terrorist financing on a daily basis, to determine what resources they might need to help keep America safe.
Finally, I would like to invite you to a Town Hall event I am hosting this Tuesday, March 31, 2015. The Town Hall will take place at Polk State College Clear Springs Advanced Technology Center at the Mosaic Auditorium from 5:30 - 6:30 p.m.
Address: 310 Technology Drive, Bartow, FL 33830
As always, please continue to
write ,
call
and
email
your opinions to my office. I could not effectively represent you in Congress without the advice of my constituents. It is an honor and a privilege to serve you in Congress.
Your Congressman,
Dennis A. Ross
WASHINGTON, D.C. OFFICE
229 Cannon HOB
Washington, D.C. 20515
T(202) 225-1252
F(202) 226-0585
POLK COUNTY OFFICE
170 Fitzgerald Rd., Ste 1
Lakeland, FL 33813
T(863) 644-8215
T(813) 752-4790
F(863) 648-0749
HILLSBOROUGH COUNTY OFFICE
110 West Reynolds St., Ste 101
Plant City, FL 33563
T(813) 752-4790
F(863) 648-0749
UPDATE SUBSCRIPTION OPTIONS
|
PRIVACY POLICY
|
CONTACT US
Click Here Click Here