
E-news Sign-up
Saturday April 4, 2015
CONTACT STEVEN
Creating Jobs, Bettering Lives in South Mississippi
In Case You
Missed It...
Chief of Naval Operations, Palazzo to tour Ingalls
Hattiesburg American
PASCAGOULA
Chief of Naval Operations Adm. Jonathan W. Greenert and
U.S. Rep. Steven Palazzo , R-Miss., are scheduled to tour Ingalls Shipbuilding in Pascagoula on Thursday.
Simple Economics
National Guard Magazine, Op-Ed by Congressman Steven Palazzo
"As a member of the Mississippi National Guard, I have the opportunity to observe the most professional and capable soldiers and airmen that our nation has ever produced."
Congressman Palazzo hosts a teletown hall meeting
Examiner
Last Tuesday, night thousands of South Mississippians joined
Congressman Steven Palazzo , on a live call agenda known as the Teletown Hall to discuss the nations leading issues.
This week I accompanied the Chief of Naval Operations (CNO) Adm. Jonathan W. Greenert on a tour of Ingalls Shipyard in Pascagoula.
During the tour he was briefed on the successful programs at Ingalls and got a firsthand look at their many accomplishments.
Of course, none of this would be possible without the 11,000 hardworking men and women at Ingalls.
Shipbuilders are the backbone of Americas last great heavy industry, and in South Mississippi our shipbuilders are the cornerstone of our community.
These men and women of the Mississippi Gulf Coast still produce the greatest warships the world has ever seen.
I look forward to working with the CNO to ensure the continued success of Ingalls Shipbuilding.
Earlier this week I visited some old friends in the Mississippi State Legislature and also stopped by to see Governor Phil Bryant.
From my days serving in the State Legislature to the present,
the Governor and I have always shared a top priority of bettering the lives of individuals and families in South Mississippi.
I look forward to continuing to work with Governor Bryant, as well as my friends in State Legislature, to provide good jobs and economic stability throughout the State of Mississippi.
I also enjoyed speaking with folks at the Ellisville Rotary this week and hearing their thoughts and concerns. I believe there is no better way to gain the insight I need to do my job than by engaging with the community leaders, local organizations, and small business owners.
I hope you and your family have a blessed and Happy Easter. His word is my guide and daily reminder as I serve each of you and work to protect the values we hold dear.
- "For the message of the cross is foolishness to those who are perishing, but to us who are being saved it is the power of God."
1 Corinthians 1:18.
As always, if we can be of any assistance please call or visit my office. For more updates I encourage you to connect with me on
facebook ,
t witter , or by visiting my
website .
In Your Service,
Steven M. Palazzo
NOTE: Please DO NOT respond to this email as this inbox is unattended. To contact my office please
click here
UNSUBSCRIBE
|
PRIVACY POLICY
|
CONTACT US
Click Here Click Here