
Friday Apr. 10, 2015
WEBSITE
|
FORWARD TO A FRIEND
| SHARE ON:
Welcome to the third issue of my e-newsletter. I believe strongly that it is my responsibility as your Representative in Congress to keep you closely informed of my work on your behalf, and I thank you for signing up for these regular updates.
I want to begin by letting you all know that next Friday, April 17th, we are holding a formal "Grand Opening" at our new Cedar Valley Office. I would love for you all to join me there.
The opening will be from 11:30-12:30PM at our office at 515 Main Street in Cedar Falls.
I have spent the past two weeks in Iowa and I have to tell you that it feels great to be back in America! During the past two weeks we opened our Cedar Rapids Office, visited local Veterans' facilities, toured local businesses and schools, and met with various constituent groups throughout the 1st District.
Here are some recent highlights my work in Iowa and Washington:
In Iowa:
Our Cedar Rapids Office Grand Opening was amazing! I want to thank all of you who came out to join my staff and Cedar Rapids Mayor Ron Corbett:
I visited the 2 &amp; 3rd grade students at the Summit School in Cedar Rapids to deliver a new US flag to them:
I also stopped by the Dubuque Veterans Freedom Center to visit with Iowans who have served our country:
I also had the opportunity to tour the Kinze Manufacturing facility in Williamsburg. They have been manufacturing innovative farm equipment for decades here in eastern Iowa:
In Washington:
I continued my work on reforming Congress and making our elected official more accountable to "We The People" by starting the bipartisan Term Limits Caucus with my colleague Rep. Beto O'Rourke (D-TX). Read the full story here: http://1.usa.gov/1I5O07C.
I co-sponsored my colleague Rep. Kevin Brady's
American Research and Competitiveness Act
to make the research and development tax credit permanent for American employers. There's no doubt that America needs comprehensive tax reform, but as we work towards that goal this bill is an important step that will create jobs and secure the U.S. as the global leader in innovation.
I voted Yes as the House passed
H.R. 1029 , the EPA Science Advisory Board Reform Act, which would prohibit the EPAs Science Advisory Board, which advises the EPA on suggested regulations, from appointing board members who are registered lobbyists. The act also requires that at least 10 percent of board members be from state, local or tribal governments. These are common sense changes that I believe will make the EPA more accountable and ensure that it is free from the influence of special interests.
It is an honor to serve you as your Representative in Congress. I will continue to work tirelessly to serve all of North East Iowa to the best of my ability.
All the best,
Rod
CONNECT
LATEST NEWS
Waterloo/Cedar Falls Courier: Blum Continues To Push For Term Limits
Rep Blum Announces Formation Of Term Limits Caucus
Dubuque Telegraph Herald: Rod Blum Still Above Water With Republican Party, Despite Votes
Breitbart: Reps. Blum &amp; O'Rourke Form Term Limits Caucus
Waterloo/Cedar Falls Courier: Blum Supports GOP Blueprints To Cut Spending, Balance Budget
NOTE: Please DO NOT respond to this email as this inbox is unattended. To contact my office please
click here
UPDATE SUBSCRIPTION OPTIONS
|
PRIVACY POLICY
|
CONTACT US
Click Here Click Here