
David -- Welcome to the April 3 edition of the
Democratic Insider: Top News for our Top Supporters.
This Week in GOP Governing
Indiana is the talk of the nation -- and not in a good way.
The state&rsquo;s new so-called Religious Freedom Restoration Act (RFRA), passed by a Republican-controlled legislature and signed by GOP Governor Mike Pence,
may allow businesses to refuse service to LGBT individuals and families
based on the owner&rsquo;s &ldquo;religious convictions.&rdquo;
While other states have related laws, Indiana&rsquo;s law goes beyond the scope of other RFRAs and has resulted in massive protests and threats by businesses and public figures to boycott the state. The outcry has been so huge that Governor Pence was pressured to sign a bill &ldquo;clarifying&rdquo; that the law does not allow discrimination -- although LGBT individuals will still not be entitled to protections at the state level.
While many elected officials on both sides of the aisle, organizations like the NCAA and NASCAR, and even businesses like Apple and Angie&rsquo;s List have distanced themselves from Indiana&rsquo;s RFRA,
key Republican presidential hopefuls have stated their support for the backwards law.
Jeb Bush told a conservative radio host, &ldquo;I think Governor Pence has done the right thing.&rdquo;
And since Rand Paul stated in 2013 that he &ldquo;doesn&rsquo;t believe in&rdquo; gay rights at all because &quot;[he doesn&rsquo;t] really believe in rights based on your behavior,&rdquo; we bet we know where he stands on this.
He Said What?!
Meanwhile, freshman Republican Senator Tom Cotton (Arkansas) doesn&rsquo;t understand why everyone is all worked up:
&ldquo;I think it&rsquo;s important we have a sense of perspective. In Iran they hang you for the crime of being gay.&rdquo;
SERIOUSLY? That may be, Tom -- but it doesn&rsquo;t mean we should allow any sort of discrimination in America.
Action Center
Sign our petition denouncing discriminatory laws like Indiana&rsquo;s and pledging to uphold equality for all.
Matchup of the Week: Ohio
Ted Strickland , Democrat
Rob Portman , Republican
Former governor of Ohio and member of Congress
Former member of Congress
The first member of his family to attend college, he has a PhD in counseling psychology and is an ordained minister
Served as U.S. Trade Representative under President George W. Bush
His policies as governor helped pull Ohio out of the Great Recession
Proud of his 100% &ldquo;pro-life&rdquo; position
Endorsed by former President Bill Clinton
Signed offensive letter to Iran&rsquo;s leaders to undermine President Obama&rsquo;s authority
GOP Presidential Merry-Go-Round!
A month ago we learned that Senator Marco Rubio had the worst vote attendance record in the Senate. This week brings the news that the worst Armed Services Committee attendance record belongs to none other than&hellip; Senator Ted Cruz!
Senator Cruz, who recently made his candidacy for president official and who prides himself on his foreign policy acumen,
has missed 13 out of 16 hearings this year -- the worst by far
of all committee members.
Congratulations, Senator Cruz!
Spotlight on: Senator Harry Reid (Nevada)
Senate Democratic Leader Harry Reid just announced that after 30 years in the Senate, he will retire when his current term ends in 2016. His announcement caps a long and successful career in Nevada and national politics.
Senator Reid&rsquo;s humble roots make his nearly half-century political career seem even more remarkable. Born in the small town of Searchlight, Nevada, he grew up in a small cabin with no indoor plumbing and attended a two-room elementary school. As his town had no high school, he traveled to one 40 miles away, where he met his teacher, boxing coach, and long-time political mentor.
After attending college in Utah and law school in Washington, D.C. (where he worked nights as a U.S. Capitol police officer), Senator Reid returned to Nevada and entered state politics, including serving a stint as chair of the Nevada Gaming Commission. He was elected to the House of Representatives in 1982 and to the Senate in 1986.
He climbed the Democratic party ranks and became minority leader in 2005, then served as Senate majority leader when Democrats led the Senate from 2007 to 2014. During his time as majority leader, Senator Reid spearheaded many policy successes and earned accolades for his political skills. He considers passing the Affordable Care Act a great accomplishment and has recently been a strong advocate for progressive immigration reform.
While this will be his last Senate term, Senator Reid is committed to helping keep his seat blue and regaining Democratic control of the Senate in 2016.
Sign our card thanking Senator Reid for his decades of service!
Thanks for reading!
Democratic Senatorial Campaign Committee
P.O. Box 96047
Washington, DC 20090
Paid for by the Democratic Senatorial Campaign Committee, dscc.org,
and not authorized by any candidate or candidate&#39;s committee.
The DSCC is the only organization solely dedicated to supporting Democrats in the U.S. Senate. This message was sent to dj724530@gmail.com because you are a part of the DSCC&rsquo;s grassroots network. Please add us to your address book or approved senders list to make sure you keep receiving DSCC updates.
Emails are a critical way for us to stay in touch with our grassroots supporters. 99% of the DSCC&rsquo;s contributions come from grassroots donors giving less than $200. We also strive to keep you updated on issues related to the Democratic Party&rsquo;s values.
If you&rsquo;d like to stop receiving emails related to this campaign, please
click here .
If you&#39;d like to make a contribution to support us, please
click here . We are already beginning to prepare for the fight ahead &ndash; reclaiming the majority in 2016. It will take every single grassroots supporter, but we know it&rsquo;s possible with your help. If you&rsquo;d like to stop receiving all emails from the DSCC, please
unsubscribe . We greatly appreciate your continued support.
Contributions or gifts to the DSCC are not tax deductible.
