
If you are having trouble viewing this message or would like to share
it on a social network, you can
view the message online .
About
Contact
Services
Media
Center
Legislation
Issues
Resources
April 19, 2015
Friends,
The last time Congress reformed
Medicare or any other government benefits program the world was going
crazy over Beanie Babies, Titanic was in theaters, and the Chicago Bulls
pulled off a repeat three-peat.
But, last week was the beginning
of a new era.
On Thursday, March
26, Congress was on a tight deadline to fix or repeal Medicares
Sustainable Growth Rate, the formula used to set doctor reimbursement
rates.
Instead of kicking the can down the road, the House did
something out of the ordinarydealt with a fiscal issue head on and
repealed the SGR formula.
By a bipartisan vote of 392-37, the House
passed legislation to strengthen Medicare and save our country millions
of dollars by replacing the outdated formula with positive annual
payment updates, giving doctors the certainty they need to treat Medicare
patients and keep their practices open.
I was proud to support this legislation and join my
colleagues in sending it to the Senate for consideration.
The Senate, on the other hand, took up the
legislation after the deadline but ultimately agreed to House proposal
H.R. 2, the SGR Repeal and Medicare Provider Repayment Modernization
Act.
This week leaders from the House and Senate met to sign the
final legislation, sending it to the Presidents desk.
(Speaker of the House John Boehner signs
H.R. 2, the SGR Repeal and Medicare Provider Repayment Modernization
Act)
It is reassuring to see Congress come together and govern.
This is how the worlds most stable and sophisticated government
should work.
As we look ahead to other looming deadlines, I hope
that both chambers can work together again to tackle tough
issues.
SCs
Competitive Manufacturing
Climate
While nothing can top South Carolinas actual climate, our
states manufacturing climate is looking very attractive too. Over the
last decade, the Palmetto State has worked hard to compete for new
manufacturers and manufacturing investments, and since the end of the
Great Recession in 2009, the sector has powered economic recovery in the
state.
I had the opportunity to speak at the Marlboro County
Industry Banquet last week about the importance of American
Manufacturing Competitiveness.
Keeping this sector alive and well is vital
to our countrys economic success.
Did you know for every $1.00
spent in manufacturing, another $1.37 is added to the economy? That has
a big impactin fact $2.09 trillion dollar impact
on our economy.
American manufacturers
are the most productive in the world.
In order for them to keep
this distinction, the federal government must work to ensure that our
labor laws and tax code are competitive.
I realize that South
Carolina manufacturing is in a boom stage, and I will do all I can to
ensure that this sector continues to thrive by fostering a competitive
economic
climate.
Chesterfield Manufacturer Tour
Last
week, I toured Highland Industries Plant in Cheraw.
This
one-of-a-kind plant specializes in the conception, design, and delivery of
high-performance textiles and composite materials.
Highland
produces the material used in 80 percent of all airbags in automobiles
manufactured today.
To accomplish this, the Cheraw plant is home to
the largest collection of weaving machines specifically designed to
manufacture this durable airbag material.
Highland Industries
serves a variety of customers from the automotive, industrial, and
aerospace industries, and each industrys needs vary significantly.
In
order to meet their evolving requests, Highland engineers invent new
solutions and fabrics to maintain their customers and help them compete
in their respective industries.
The company also
is an excellent steward of the environment and has been operating as
a "landfill free facility for the past three years, meaning that it
recycles all of the facilities unused materials. The Cheraw plant is
home to 522 wonderful employees, many of whom have called Highland home
for at least 12 years.
Many thanks to Highland for a great tour
and for your contributions to our
community!
USDA Hunger Hotline
USDA
has launched a toll-free hotline to make it easier for people who
need access to food to find the help they need.
The Hunger Hotline
staff connects callers with emergency food providers in our community
and with various services that promote self-sufficiency.
This
toll-free line is especially important during the summer months when
children are not in school and are in need of food.
The hotline
can be reached at 1-866-3-HUNGRY from Monday through Friday (8:00 am-
8:00 pm ET).
Intern Spotlight: Ronald Ron
Page
Ron joins our Washington, DC office from Darlington, SC, home of The
track too tough to tame! where he was born and raised.
He
graduated from Wofford College with a degree in Government and is
currently involved with the Darlington Kiwanis club.
Ron is interested
in Second Amendment, agriculture, and natural resources issues.
He spends his free time fishing and hunting, growing Muscadine grapes,
and working on his classic car.
During his time on the Hill, Ron
has enjoyed delivering bills and presentation boards to the Speakers
Office, leading constituents on Capitol tours, and researching issues
for staff and constituents.
After his internship, Ron plans on
staying active in government and
business.
It is an honor and privilege to represent you and your
family.
Have
a good
week,
Tell a
Friend
E-mail:
If
you would like to reply to this email or contact my office, please do so
by visiting the contact page on my website
here
as
this email is not monitored.
Washington D.C. Office
223
Cannon House Office Building
Washington, DC
20515
Phone: (202) 225-9895
Fax: (202) 225-9690
Grand Strand Office
2411 N. Oak Street
Suite 405
Myrtle Beach, SC 29577
Phone: (843) 445-6459
Fax: (843) 445-6418
Pee
Dee Office
1831 West Evans
Street
Suite 300
Florence, SC 29501
Phone: (843) 679-9781
Fax: (843) 679-9783
Unsubscribe
|
Update My Profile
|
Privacy Policy
