Copyright (c) 1996-2015 Constant Contact. All rights reserved.
Except as permitted under a separate
written agreement with Constant Contact, neither the Constant Contact software, nor any content that appears on any Constant Contact site,
including but not limited to, web pages, newsletters, or templates may be reproduced, republished, repurposed, or distributed without the
prior written permission of Constant Contact.
For inquiries regarding reproduction or distribution of any Constant Contact material, please
contact legal@constantcontact.com.
Mike Kelly's Weekly E-Newsletter
April 17, 2015
Follow me on Twitter!
Visit my YouTube page!
Click here to subscribe to my weekly
E-newsletter
My Offices
ERIE DISTRICT OFFICE 208 E. Bayfront Parkway Suite 102 Erie, PA 16507 Phone: (814) 454-8190 Fax: (814) 454-8197
BUTLER DISTRICT OFFICE
101 East Diamond St Suite 218 Butler, PA
16001 Phone: (724) 282-2557
Fax: (724) 282-3682
SHARON DISTRICT OFFICE
33 Chestnut Street Sharon, PA
16146 Phone: (724) 342-7170 Fax: (724) 342-7242
WASHINGTON, DC OFFICE
1519 Longworth HOB Washington, DC 20515 Phone: (202) 225-5406 Fax: (202) 225-3103
CRAWFORD COUNTY OFFICE Every Wednesday 9:00 a.m. - 4:00 p.m. 908 Diamond Park Meadville, PA 16335
ARMSTRONG COUNTY OFFICE
Every Thursday 9:00 a.m. - 4:00 p.m. 300 South McKean Street Kittanning, PA 16201
LAWRENCE COUNTY
Every Friday 9:00 a.m. - 4: 00 p.m. Lawrence County Courthouse 430 Court Street New Castle, PA
16101
Dear Friend, Earlier this week, after many months of long deliberation, leaders in both parties in the House and the Senate finally introduced legislation to guarantee that Congress will be equipped with the necessary power to help secure the most successful future trade agreements possible for America. This action is critical for securing strong, job-creating trade agreements that help American workers and ensure that the United States is writing the rules of the global economy. This new legislation establishes
a policy partnership between Congress and all future presidents, including our current president, known as Trade Promotion Authority (TPA).
It lays out
specific negotiating objectives that must be pursued by any administration -- Democratic or Republican -- in any
trade agreement, which in turn ensures that Congress will always be in the driver's seat. It also includes
robust consultation and transparency requirements that give Congress crucial oversight over all ongoing negotiations, while simultaneously giving the American people a full understanding of what an agreement would entail. Finally, the legislation sets forth a faster procedure for Congress to vote on a worthy trade agreement as long as the current administration meets its specific TPA obligations. The President of the United States already has the constitutional authority to negotiate a trade
agreement with other nations. This new legislation will insert Congress into that process, every single time,
from the very beginning. To read more about how TPA empowers Congress to write the rules of the road for each president to follow,
click here . It is a matter of modern economic fact that 96 percent
of the world's customers now live outside the United States. If we want to
create more opportunity and more high-paying jobs here at home, then we need
to sell more American-made products and services overseas. It's that simple. This means
tearing down barriers to American exports, which the world knows are made by the hardest working men and women on the entire planet. It also means laying
down strong and enforceable rules for our trading partners, so that our nation's workers are competing on a level playing field. Overall, we need to ensure that
the United States -- not countries like China -- is leading, shaping, and dominating the global economy. That is why this new bipartisan TPA legislation is so important -- for Americans, for Congress, and for our nation's economic future. It will give the United States the best opportunity to achieve high-quality,
21st-century trade agreements that create new jobs, support American businesses, and strengthen our local communities. Just as important, TPA will make congressional oversight of all trade negotiations -- as well as the negotiators themselves, including the president -- more effective than ever before.
Sincerely,
House Unanimously Passes Kelly Bill to
Restore Transparency at IRS for Taxpayers
Kelly's 'Taxpayer Knowledge of IRS Investigations Act' helps victims of IRS leaks; passed with 6 other bills to stop IRS abuse
WATCH HERE
Rep. Kelly -- a member of the House Ways and Means Committee -- spoke on the floor of the House of Representatives on Wednesday in support of H.R. 1026,
the Taxpayer Knowledge of IRS Investigations Act ,
which he
introduced
on February 26, 2015. The legislation would amend the U.S. tax code to stop the IRS's outrageous abuse of taxpayer privacy protections to instead protect government employees who improperly reveal confidential taxpayer information. Under Section 6103 of the Internal Revenue Code, it is currently a felony for anyone to reveal such information. The IRS has thus far exploited this provision to deny victims of IRS leaks knowledge about how their private information was accessed and who within the agency committed the wrongdoing.
H.R. 1026
was passed by the House with unanimous support immediately following Rep. Kelly's floor remarks.
A full list of today's House-passed IRS reform bills can be viewed
here .
Excerpts of Rep. Kelly's floor speech:
"We shouldn't have to pass laws like this, but unfortunately, laws are not made and governments are not run by angels, they're run by men, and we have to have oversight over what's happened."
"This piece of legislation gives the same rights to those people whose information has been violated, whose information has been compromised, as is given to IRS personnel."
"You cannot divulge private tax information to anybody else. It is a felony to do that. But [section] 6103 also prevented those whose tax information was divulged [from getting] any information on it. They weren't allowed to even inquire and we're not allowed to be informed of what was taking place. ... 'What's been divulged?' 'Who divulged it?' 'Is there an ongoing investigation?' 'What were the findings of that investigation?' 'And who's being held responsible, and more important than that, who's being held accountable?'"
"If we are to restore the American people's confidence in our form of government, this is essential. We cannot allow these things to happen."
"So if it really is an American principle, and if we really do need to have faith and trust [in government] and feel that we are all being treated the same way, and in an honest way, and if it's the only way to restore the confidence that people need to have in our form of government ... then this type of legislation has to take place."
"We're protecting taxpayers and taxpayers' rights. This is so fundamentally American."
"It's not only our responsibility-it is our duty to protect every single one of America's citizens. And to divulge the information that was divulged [by the IRS] and to do it in such a way, to use the law to break the law, makes absolutely no sense to any of us."
"This isn't really about either side of the aisle. This is about all of us together doing what's right for the American people. This should reconfirm to the American people that we are here acting in their best interest and defending them every single day that we sit in session and that we sit in office."
Praise for Rep. Kelly's bill by Rep. John Lewis (D-GA):
"This is a simple, commonsense bill. Taxpayers have a right to know if their tax return information has been compromised. I want to thank my friend, the gentlemen from Pennsylvania and my Republican colleague, the ranking member of the [Oversight] subcommittee, and the chairman, for bringing this bill to the floor today."
BACKGROUND:
On May 13, 2013, it was
revealed
that the IRS division headed by now-retired official Lois Lerner
shared highly confidential tax-exempt status applications
from multiple conservative groups with ProPublica, a private outside organization. In October 2013, it was
reported
that the agency "shared highly confidential tax information of several Tea Party groups in the IRS scandal with the Federal Election Commission, a clear violation of federal law."
H.R. 1026
would amend the tax code to permit the release of certain information regarding the status of ongoing investigations related to the improper disclosure of taxpayer information by IRS employees. Under Section 6103 of the Internal Revenue Code, it is currently a felony for an IRS official to disclose such information to the public or to another government agency, which bars victims of wrongful IRS leaks from knowing the status of their no-longer private information.
NOTE:
Since news of the IRS targeting scandal
first broke
in May 2013, Rep. Kelly has been
a prominent vocal leader
in the ongoing
pursuit
for
answers
and
accountability . After earning
a standing ovation
for his
fierce scolding
of then-IRS commissioner Steven Miller at the Ways and Means Committee's
first-ever hearing
on the scandal,
The Washington Post 's Right Turn blog named Rep. Kelly its "Distinguished Pol of the Week."
The New York Post
declared that Rep. Kelly's words "ought to be emblazoned across the entryway of every IRS office in America."
In response to the scandal, Rep. Kelly introduced
the Government Employee Accountability Act , which would grant all federal agencies the power to fire reckless Senior Executive Service employees (such as
ex-IRS official Lois Lerner ) on the spot, or place them on "investigative leave" without pay. The legislation
was
passed by the House of Representatives
on August 1, 2013, as part of the Stop Government Abuse Act (H.R. 2879) by a bipartisan vote of 239-176. Rep. Kelly
re-introduced the bill
on February 4, 2015.
Rep. Kelly Supports Repeal of Federal Death Tax
House passes 'Death Tax Repeal Act' co-sponsored by Kelly
WATCH HERE
Rep. Kelly delivered remarks on the House floor yesterday morning in support of H.R. 1105,
the Death Tax Repeal Act of 2015 , of which he is a co-sponsor. The legislation will permanently repeal the federal estate tax, also known as the "death tax," a 40 percent tax on an individual's transfer of assets in excess of an exemption amount to the next generation at the time of his or her death. The bill was subsequently passed by the House with bipartisan support by a vote of 240-179.
Highlights of Rep. Kelly's floor remarks:
"I want you to think about something: The entire produce of a woman or man's life - after they've paid their local taxes, their state taxes, their federal taxes, all the sales tax over their life, and the way they've contributed to build their communities - at the time of their death ... God forbid these hardworking American taxpayers are allowed to pass on to the next generation that which they were able to accumulate."
"My dad was a parts picker in a Chevrolet warehouse. He married the girl who ran the switchboard at that warehouse. That was my mother. He went on from World War II, he came back home, started with a little car dealership in Verona, Pennsylvania - one car showroom, four service bays - and built it into something he was very proud of and was able to pass on to me and my brothers. Now, we want to go after these folks not because they were successful but because they died! And because the government cannot live within its means."
"So when we go to the viewing, we go to the funeral home, and when we go to pay our respects, we're also telling [those taxed after death], 'Thanks for all your hard work; you did a great job; you contributed so much... and now the government wants to take some of that produce of your entire life because they can't live within their means. You lived within your means, you tightened your belt when you had to, you made more with less-but no, that's not good enough! Because we can't rein in spending, we can't stop taxing.' That is egregious."
"In the United States of America, to sit back and look at all those who have done so much and paid so many taxes in their lifetime and yet to say upon their death, they are not allowed to pass this on to the next generation. [To Democrats:] You're separating the country; you're dividing the country, rich versus poor. That's egregious. This is America."
WEEKLY PHOTOS
On Monday, Rep. Kelly met with South Korean
Ambassador Ahn Ho-Young. Rep. Kelly is co-chairman of the Congressional Caucus on Korea.
_______________________________________
On Tuesday, Rep. Kelly met with Dr. Paul Lobby of the Pennsylvania Optometric Association and two students from the Third District.
_______________________________________
Yesterday, Rep. Kelly spoke to reporter Lauren Adams with WICU TV in
Erie about current issues affecting the Third District, including his
work with the bipartisan Great Lakes Task Force and House Auto Caucus,
reform and oversight at the VA, and this week's House-passed legislation
to end taxpayer abuse at the IRS.
Forward this email This email was sent to dj724530@gmail.com by
thomas.qualtere@mail.house.gov
|
Update Profile/Email Address
|
Rapid removal with
SafeUnsubscribe &trade;
|
Privacy Policy . The Office of Representative Mike Kelly
|
1519 Longworth House Office Building
|
Washington
|
DC
|
20515
