
RAND'S NEWSLETTER UPDATE
APRIL 24, 2015
Please allow me to update you on this week's happenings in Washington, D.C.
The Washington, D.C. Office of Dr. Rand Paul Has Moved
My office is now located in room 167 of the Russell Senate Office Building. If you are visiting Washington, D.C., please be sure to stop by and visit.
Dr. Rand Paul Reintroduces Constitutional Amendment Requiring Congress to Live by the Laws it Passes
On Thursday, I reintroduced a constitutional amendment that would hold Congress to the same standard as the American people by requiring all laws to apply to Congress, just as they do to every American. The legislation similarly contains two provisions that would apply this same principle of accountability to the Executive Branch and Judicial Branch of the federal government.
Click
HERE
to read my statement in its entirety.
Dr. Rand Paul, Sen. Wyden, and Rep. Lofgren Introduce Bipartisan, Bicameral Aaron's Law
Sen. Ron Wyden (D-OR), Rep. Zoe Lofgren (D-CA), and I introduced bipartisan legislation on Tuesday to better target serious criminals and curb overzealous prosecutions for non-malicious computer and Internet offenses.
The legislation, inspired by the late Internet innovator and activist Aaron Swartz, who faced up to 35 years in prison for an act of civil disobedience, would reform the quarter-century old Computer Fraud and Abuse Act (CFAA) to better reflect computer and internet activities in the digital age. Numerous and recent instances of heavy-handed prosecutions for non-malicious computer crimes have raised serious questions as to how the law treats violations of terms of service, employer agreements and website notices.
I am proud to join Sen. Wyden and Rep. Lofgren in offering this bipartisan and bicameral legislation, which will reduce overbroad prosecutions and adjust unfair sentencing practices.
Click
HERE
to read my entire statement.
Dr. Rand Paul and Sen. McConnell Introduce FOCUS Act
Sen. Mitch McConnell and I reintroduced the
Freedom from Over-Criminalization and Unjust Seizures (FOCUS) Act of 2015
on Tuesday. This legislation removes each and every reference to "foreign law" within the Lacey Act and substitutes the Lacey Act's criminal penalties with a reasonable civil penalty system.
The Lacey Act is a prime example of what happens when the government oversteps its bounds. I am in favor of protecting the environment, but I believe that can be done without needlessly burdening American workers and businesses and making criminals of ordinary Americans who have not violated any American laws. The FOCUS Act will reverse the negative effects of the Lacey Act and rid all references to obeying foreign laws on American soil.
Click
HERE
to read my statement.
Dr. Rand Paul Meets with Kentuckians from the American Council of Engineering Companies
On Tuesday afternoon, I met with a group of Kentuckians from the American Council of Engineering Companies in my offices in Washington, D.C. During the meeting, we discussed many important issues pertaining to tax reform.
(Dr. Rand Paul and American Council of Engineering Companies - April 21, 2015)
Dr. Rand Paul Meets with the Independent Insurance Agents of Kentucky
This week, I had the opportunity to meet with the Independent Insurance Agents from Kentucky. While meeting with the group of Kentuckians, we discussed insurance regulatory reform and healthcare reform.
(Dr. Rand Paul and Independent Insurance Agents of Kentucky - April 23, 2015)
Media Wrap-Up
This week, I appeared on Fox News Channel's
Hannity
and
America's Newsroom .
I spoke with several radio stations across the country, as well as stations in Kentucky including Brian Thomas of WKRC.
Have An Issue Or Concern?
If you are a Kentucky resident and need assistance with a federal agency or concern, feel free to contact the Bowling Green office (270-782-8303) to have a discussion with the appropriate staff member.
Stay in Touch with Sen. Paul's Social Media
You can find updates on what I'm doing by visiting my Senate website,
www.paul.senate.gov
and you can follow my official Google+ account
HERE . You can also subscribe to my YouTube channel
HERE . Don't forget to become a fan of my
official Facebook page .
Warm Regards,
To unsubscribe from Rand's newsletter, please visit the
unsubscribe page
