
If you are having
trouble viewing this message or would like to share it on a social network,
you can
view the
message online .
HOME
ABOUT ME
CONTACT ME
SERVING YOU
MEDIA
CENTER
OUR DISTRICT
RESOURCES
April 06, 2015
Happy Easter
Brooke, Caroline, and I had a wonderful Easter Sunday. We
celebrated by attending church service and spending the day with family and
friends. We hope you were able to share this special holiday with your
loved ones as well.
From our family to yours, Happy
Easter!
Overland Park Town Hall Forum
Click here to follow
Congressman Yoder on Instagram (@RepKevinYoder).
Thank you to everyone who came out for my Town Hall Forum in OP on
Wednesday. We had a great discussion about some of the issues Congress
is facing during this legislative session. We touched on replacing
our broken tax code with the Fair Tax, recent reforms made to Medicare
through legislation repealing the cuts to doctor reimbursement rates,
balancing our federal books by passing the House GOP budget proposal,
and much more.
If you couldn't make it, but
still have questions or comments, I want to hear from you. Go to my
website at
www.yoder.house.gov
and send me an email and I'll be sure to
respond.
Click here for the
Kansas City Star 's
coverage of the town hall forum.
Administration Announces
Parameters of Nuclear Deal with Iran
Click here to read
coverage of the negotiations on
The Hill 's
website.
Last week, the Obama Administration announced that
the United States, along with the other permanent members of the United
Nations Security Council and Germany, had agreed on the parameters of
a deal with the Islamic Republic of Iran regarding its nuclear weapons
program. At a press conference after the announcement, Iranian
Foreign Affairs Minister Mohammad Javad Zarif described the deal in this
quote:
" All Security Council resolutions will
be terminated, all U.S. nuclear-related secondary sanctions as well as
EU sanctions will be terminated. None of those measures include
closing our facilities. The proud people of Iran would never accept that.
Our facilities will continue. We will continue enriching, we will
continue research and development, our heavy water reactor will be
modernized and we will continue the Fordow facility. "
I cannot support a deal that will lift sanctions without stopping
Iran from building a nuclear weapon. Iran has a history of lying to
other nations and stonewalling International Atomic Energy Agency (IAEA)
inspectors when it comes to its nuclear program. I see no reason why
now is the time to trust the government of this country to live up to
its promises, especially as
its leader echoes chants of "death to America" at a recent public
speech .
I would urge the Administration
to rework this deal to provide for a more safe and secure Middle East,
and to reduce the threat posed to Israel and the United States. Most
importantly, regardless of what it negotiates with Iran, the
Administration must come to Congress for approval.
Kansas Legislature Passes ABLE Act to Begin Autism Awareness
Month
Click here to read more coverage on the
Wichita
Eagle 's website.
April is Autism Awareness Month, and
the Kansas House of Representatives began the month this year by
passing Kansas State Representative Erin Davis' ABLE Act. The bill
establishes ABLE Accounts in Kansas, implementing the federal law passed last
December by Congress.
Once Governor Sam Brownback signs the
bill into law, Kansans will be allowed to set aside $14,000 annually
and up to $100,000 in total in tax-free savings accounts to provide
for future care for individuals with disabilities in the form of
transportation and other living expenses not currently covered under federal
disability programs.
Special thank you to Jonathan and
Jawanda Mast and their daughter Rachel, who have been advocating for the
passage of this bill since I came to Congress. Thanks also to
Representative Davis and Kansas State Senator Greg Smith for their work in
shepherding the bill through the state legislature.
Hyman Brand Hebrew Academy
Congressman Yoder with Elly Goldstein, his wife Gina, Alan
Shafton, and his wife Tracy at the
celebration.
Last Sunday, I attended the Hyman Brand Hebrew Academy Civic Service
Award Celebration in Overland Park. This year, Hyman Brand honored the
Marion and Henry Bloch Family Foundation - represented by Henry Bloch -
for their unwavering commitment to our community. Thank you to Elly and
Gina Goldstein for inviting me, as well as all the parents, faculty
and staff who I enjoyed visiting with at the
event.
Blue Valley West High School
Spending time with seniors enrolled in government class at Blue Valley
West High School in Overland Park last Monday was a great way to start
my week. Their excellent questions led us to discuss a variety of
topics from the FCCs Net Neutrality regulations to nuclear negotiations
with Iran to general principles in leadership.
Thank you to BVW senior Katie Fries for the invitation and to
government teacher Josh Koerkenmeier for organizing the event.
Lenexa Chamber of Commerce
Congressman Yoder at the Lenexa Chamber of Commerce
meeting.
It was great to sit down with the
Lenexa Chamber of Commerce last week to discuss several of the
issues facing Congress. I appreciated the opportunity to hear from our
local leaders on how policies coming down from Washington are affecting
their businesses on a day-to-day basis. We touched on a wide range of
issues, including important legislation recently passed by the House
setting our budget priorities and reforming Medicare, immigration,
transportation, national defense, and the FCCs recent Net Neutrality
regulations.
As always, it was nice to visit with
Lenexa Mayor Michael Boehm and several City
Councilmembers.
Overland Park
Rotary Club
Congressman Yoder with John Laws and Jacqueline Watts.
I appreciated the opportunity to attend last Monday's Overland
Park Rotary Club meeting and hear from Operation
Homefront Board Member John Laws about the many needs of our servicemembers and
their families. Operation Homefront is one of the organizations meeting
those basic needs right here in our community.
Thank you to John for sharing Operation Homefronts work with our group,
and also thanks to Jacqueline Watts, Director of Programs for
Operation Homefront here in Kansas City. Members of our military and their
families sacrifice so much for our country, so it was heartwarming to
hear about the many services Operation Homefront provides to help ease
their burden.
Don Boyer Presented with WWII
Medals
Three generations of
the Boyer family attended Don's medal ceremony at Congressman Yoder's
District Office in Overland Park.
Las
week, my office had the honor of presenting our friend Don Boyer with
medals he earned during World War II as a member of the 232nd Infantry
Regiment of the famed 42nd Infantry, known as the Rainbow
Division.
Don received the Bronze Star, Purple Heart Medal,
American Campaign Medal, European-African-Middle Eastern Campaign
Medal, and Combat Infantrymans Badge. The award of the Purple Heart was
earned for injuries sustained at the hands of enemy while a Prisoner of
War at Stalag 11B, near Fallingbostel, Germany in 1945.
Don has been a member of the American Legion for 68 years and
is a member of my Military and Veterans Affairs Advisory Committee.
Thank you Don for your advice and counsel on the Advisory Committee,
and more importantly for your service and sacrifice for our
country.
Fact of the
Week
According to
a 40-year
veteran of the Israel Atomic Energy Commission , unless Iran
is forced to drastically reduce its number of centrifuges in any
nuclear deal, it would be no more than six months away from obtaining a
nuclear bomb.
Happy Passover
I
hope those of you celebrating Passover this past weekend enjoyed
spending time with your friends, families, and loved ones during the
holiday.
Weekly Legislative Wrap
Up
The House of Representatives was not in session last
week.
Legislative Look Ahead
The House of Representatives
will not be in session this week.
Staff Community
Office Hours
My staff can assist you from 8:00
AM - 5:00 PM, Monday through Friday in my Overland Park Office. They
can help with any issues or concerns, as well as to provide assistance
with federal agencies and programs, including Veterans' Affairs,
Medicare, Social Security, Passports, and Visas.
Also,
we periodically have Staff Community Office Hours throughout the
district. If you are unable to visit my office, please consider coming to
the following location if it is more convenient for you:
3:30 PM - 5:00 PM on April 29
Blue Valley Library
9000
W. 151st Street
Overland Park, Kansas
66221
Noon - 1:00 PM on June 3
South Branch Library
3104 Strong Avenue
Kansas City, Kansas
66106
Tell a Friend
E-mail:
E-mail:
E-mail:
Please click
below to follow me on Twitter, Facebook, Instagram, Medium and
YouTube.
Washington,
DC
215 Cannon HOB
Washington, DC 20515
Phone:
(202) 225-2865
Hours: Monday-Friday
9:00AM -6:00PM EST
Overland Park
7325 W. 79th
St.
Overland Park, KS 66204
Phone: (913) 621-0832
Fax:
(913) 621-1533
Hours: Monday-Friday
8:00AM -5:00PM CST
Unsubscribe
|
Update My Profile
|
Privacy
Policy
