
If you are having trouble viewing this message or would like
to share it on a social network, you can
view the message online .
April 03, 2015
Unsubscribe
Update My Profile
Website
|
Biography
|
Contact Me
|
Services
|
Issues
&amp; Legislation
|
Newsroom
|
28th
District
Welcome to my Washington Update, an e-newsletter for the constituents of
California's 29th Congressional District. This e-newsletter provides a
way for you to keep me informed of your views and interests. In
addition to participating in the survey, I would encourage you to send any
more detailed thoughts
by
email .
Sincerely,
Congressman Adam Schiff
As Ranking Member of House
Intelligence Committee, Schiff Introduces Cybersecurity
Bill
Last week, Reps. Adam Schiff and Devin Nunes, the top
Members of the House Permanent Select Committee on Intelligence,
introduced a bipartisan cybersecurity bill to help better protect U.S.
networks and American businesses from cyber-attacks. The Protecting Cyber
Networks Act would make it easier for private businesses to share cyber
threat information with the government and each other, while
protecting privacy by stripping out personal information.
This
information sharing would be a first step to better protect businesses and
consumers, as well as countless others from the threat of online
attacks.
Rep. Schiff stated that the bill helps pave the way for the
expeditious passage of cyber information sharing legislation that can
help turn the tide against hackers, cyber criminals and malicious
state actors, while safeguarding privacy and civil liberties at every
step of the way.
Every minute we delay, intellectual property that
took American companies years to develop is stolen in a flash, and
Americans most private and confidential information is hacked and
stolen, and compromised.
Schiff and Nunes discussed their
bipartisan bill on CNN:
Read more:
USA Today
House Intel leaders unveil cybersecurity
bill
Washington Post
Congress moving on long-sought
legislation to thwart cyberattacks
Park LaBrea News and Beverly Press
Schiff tackles
tough issues in Congress
Rep. Schiff Honors Women of
the Year
In March, Rep. Schiff honored a group of
outstanding women from his district. Every year during Womens History
Month, Rep. Schiff chooses women who have made a positive impact in
communities in the 28th Congressional District: Lynn White-Shelby (Burbank),
Kellye Nakahara Wallett (Pasadena), Renae Plant (Los Feliz), Tracy A.
Stone (Elysian Valley), Jean Maluccio (La Crescenta), Seda Khojayan
(Glendale), Ann Neilson (La Caada Flintridge), Lynda Rescia (Silver
Lake), Cheryl Ortega (Echo Park), Nadia Sutton (West Hollywood), Sandra
Caravella (Atwater Village), and Susan B. Stewart
(Sunland).
It was wonderful to meet with this group of
remarkable women, and to recognize their outstanding work in our
community, said Rep. Schiff. These women demonstrate the truth of the maxim
that if you need something done, ask a busy person.
Each has
worked tirelessly to support a myriad of charitable, business and
community causes, and made an indelible mark on our region. It was an honor
to recognize them and to show our appreciation for their extraordinary
service.
Read
more:
Burbank Leader
Schiff recognizes
'inspiring women' during luncheon
Beverly Press
PAWS/LA founder Sutton named WeHo Woman of the
Year
Rep. Schiff and Colleagues
Call For Full-Funding of Earthquake Early Warning
System
Rep. Schiff, along with thirty-five of his colleagues
in the House from California, Oregon and Washington, sent a letter to
the House Appropriations Committee urging them to fully fund an
Earthquake Early Warning
System on the west coast. Last year
Congress, for the first time, included a total of $6.5 million dollars in
funding specifically for the early warning system. This year, Schiff
requested a total of $16.1 million dollars a year needed in estimation to
fully build, operate and maintain earthquake sensors and a warning
system along the west coast of the United States. A limited version of the
system developed by Caltech, UC Berkeley, and the University of
Washington in affiliation with the USGS has proven its effectiveness among
test users.
While the United States
is the most technologically advanced country in the world, we still lag
dangerously behind other countries in implementing one key technology
that can save lives, property and infrastructure
an Earthquake
Early Warning system, said Rep. Schiff. A few seconds to a minute of
warning could allow doctors crucial seconds to stop a complicated
surgery, enable trains to brake, sensitive manufacturing processes to cease,
and critical transportation infrastructure to be locked down, and
could allow us precious time to move away from windows or locate our
children in the house.
Its my hope that by providing federal funding
again this year, we can encourage reluctant state legislatures to
invest in the system before the big one hits.Rep. Schiff, along with
thirty-five of his colleagues in the House from California, Oregon and
Washington, sent a letter to the House Appropriations Committee urging
them to fully fund an Earthquake Early Warning System on the west
coast. Last year Congress, for the first time, included a total of $6.5
million dollars in funding specifically for the early warning system.
This year, Schiff requested a total of $16.1 million dollars a year
needed in estimation to fully build, operate and maintain earthquake
sensors and a warning system along the west coast of the United States. A
limited version of the system developed by Caltech, UC Berkeley, and
the University of Washington in affiliation with the USGS has proven
its effectiveness among test
users.
Los Angeles Times
Congress members urge $16
million to fund quake early warning system Read
more:
Associated Press
Western congress
members seek full funding for quake
warning
Crescenta Valley Weekly Op-ed
U.S. Needs to
Catch Up on Implementing Earthquake Early Warning
System
Rep. Schiff Appears on CBSs Face the Nation to Discuss Yemen and
Possible Iran Deal
This past Sunday, Rep. Schiff
appeared on CBS Face the Nation with host Bob Schieffer to discuss the
deteriorating situation in Yemen, the potential resurgence of Al
Qaedas branch AQAP, and the threat this could pose to the American public.
Additionally, Rep. Schiff discussed his views on a potential nuclear
deal with Iran.
"We're in a very dangerous place certainly
in Yemen and I think there is a real prospect of civil war here," Rep.
Schiff stated in the interview. "It is probably unlikely that these
airstrikes alone are going to be sufficient to repel the Houthis. The
best hope is that it prompts them to the negotiating table, but if the
Houthis start launching Scud missiles into Saudi Arabia or incur across
the border, then I think you're going to start seeing a ground war
and there's no telling where that ends up."
Watch the full
interview by clicking
HERE
or
below:
News You Can
Use
GPACC Community Celebration
Join
the Griffith Park Adult Community Center and Club for their
7 th
annual Community event. The GPACC Spring Faire will
be
on
Saturday, April 18, 2015 from 10:30 am until 4:00 pm . For more
information please visit their website
HERE . Staff from Congressman Schiffs office will be available to assist
with constituent inquiries
from
10:30am-2:00pm .
Protect your computer from malware
You may know the
experience: Your e-mail account starts behaving oddly, or your computer is
slowing down and acting up. You may have been hacked, or gotten a
virus. Would you know how to address an e-mail hack, secure your
device,
and
protect your identity? Watch
these two short videos
which go over the
critical first steps you can take to minimize the damage and get back in
control. Visit
OnGuardOnline.gov
for
information.
This week, the P5+1 nations agreed to a framework with
Iran to gradually reduce economic sanctions in exchange for a
reduction in Iran's centrifuges, limits on research and development of new
centrifuges, aggressive inspections, export of most uranium and several
other conditions.
The parties now have until June 30 to flesh out
important details and technical aspects of the agreement.
Israel, many
Gulf states and some members of Congress oppose the framework, and
believe it will result in a poor deal that allows Iran to get out from
economic sanctions while remaining a threshold nuclear state.
The
President and other P5+1 nations, like Britain, Germany, France, Russia and
China, believe is is a good compromise that reduces the chance for
war.
What do you think? A.) I support the framework and believe it is a good deal for the
United States and our allies, and will prevent Iran from getting the
bomb. B.) I have
misgivings about provisions in the framework, but believe it is better
than the alternative, which is likely to be another war in the Middle
East. C.) I have
serious concerns about provisions in the framework and think the United
States should increase sanctions and force Iran to give up more of its
nuclear enrichment activities. D.) I oppose the framework and think it will allow Iran
to remain a nuclear state, give the regime greater resources to
support terror and spark a nuclear arms race in the Middle
East. *By
answering this survey, you are subscribing to my newsletter If
you are having trouble, click here.
Contact Information
Washington, DC
2411 Rayburn House Office
Building
Washington D.C. 20515
Phone: (202)
225-4176
Facsimile: (202) 225-5828
Burbank
Office
245 E. Olive Ave., #200
Burbank, California 91502
Phone: (818) 450-2900
Phone:
(323) 315-5555
Facsimile: (818) 450-2928
Update
My Profile
-
Unsubscribe
-
Privacy
Policy
gateway mail
end 