
April 8, 2015
Dear Friends,
As the General Assembly makes its way through our spring session, I wanted to give you an update on what I have been working on in Springfield as well as local events in our area.
I would like to thank everyone who came to my first Budget Town Hall meeting in Chicago Heights last week! Ralph Martire with the Center for Tax and Budget Accountability gave a budget presentation on where the state stands fiscally and the challenges we all face.
Tonight, I am hosting a second Budget Town Hall meeting
at 6:30 p.m. at the Kankakee Public Library at 201 East Merchant Street. I look forward to seeing you there!
As always, if I can ever be of any assistance,
please do not hesitate to contact me .
Sincerely,
Senator Toi Hutchinson
40th District &ndash; Illinois
Making the case for paid sick time
Illinois would become the fourth state to require paid sick time for employees under a plan I introduced in the Senate.
Far too many Illinoisans are living paycheck to paycheck, unable to miss one day of work. One illness, one accident or one emergency situation could mean choosing between their well-being and putting food on the table.
Click here to read more...
Protecting domestic and sexual assault victims from eviction
Domestic and sexual assault survivors risk eviction in the more than 100 communities that have implemented some form of &ldquo;crime-free&rdquo; ordinance. Many of these ordinances have specifically listed triggers that could lead to an eviction, including numerous calls to law enforcement.
The last thing a survivor of a traumatic assault needs to worry about is the threat of eviction by simply calling the police for help.
Click here to read more...
Closing corporate tax loopholes
With the governor proposing deep cuts to services for children, seniors and working families, I passed a plan out of the Senate Revenue Committee to close corporate tax loopholes.
The proposal closes three major loopholes that allow corporations to avoid state income taxes, including one that subsidizes manufacturing activity that occurs in other states.
While my plan is by no means the only solution to solving our budget crisis, it does start a needed conversation on how everyone can be a part of the solution.
Click here to read more...
Chicago Heights Office 222 Vollmer Rd. Suite 2C &bull; Chicago Heights, IL 60411
708-756-0882 (Phone) &bull; 708-756-0885 (Fax)
Springfield Office 121C Capitol Building &bull; Springfield, IL 62706
217-782-7419 (Phone) &bull; 217-782-5340(Fax)
www.SenatorHutchinson.com
Unsubscribe
