
March 27, 2015
IN THIS ISSUE:
Senator Collins Chairs Aging Committee Hearing to Discuss Alzheimer's
Disease and its Toll on Our Nation
Following Request from Collins, King, VA Secretary
Announces Expansion of Health Care for Veterans
National Association for Home Care and Hospice Honors Senator Collins
Meeting with Mainers
WEEKLY COLUMN
Ending Alzheimer's-Supporting the Search for a Cure
By: Senator Susan Collins
Barbara Smith, also known as "B.," is a well-known restauranteur,
author and supermodel who was the first African-American to be featured
on the cover of Mademoiselle magazine. In her own words, she now has
the "most important job of all," which is to make a difference in the
fight against Alzheimer's disease. In very moving and emotional
testimony, Ms. Smith recently described her struggles with the disease
before the Senate Aging Committee, which I chair.
Sadly, Ms. Smith has been diagnosed with early onset Alzheimer's
disease and is determined to raise public awareness to help others.
Right by her side in this fight is her husband Dan Gasby, who says the
disease has taken away a person who was at the peak of her abilities.
They are determined to make something positive come from their personal
struggle with this terrible disease.
Alzheimer's is a devastating disease that takes a tremendous personal
and economic toll on the individual, the family, and our nation. Today,
more than 5 million Americans, are living with the disease that has no
effective means of prevention, treatment, or a cure. Alzheimer's is now
the sixth leading cause of death in the U.S.
In addition to the human suffering it causes, Alzheimer's costs the
United States an estimated $226 billion per year, including $153
billion in costs to Medicare and Medicaid. These costs will only
skyrocket as the baby boom generation ages. Unless an effective
treatment is developed before 2050, the costs will soar to more than
$1.1 trillion, according to new estimates of the Alzheimer's
Association.
Far too many families have experienced the pain of Alzheimer's disease.
As a Senator representing the State with the oldest median age,
Chairman of the Senate Aging Committee, and Senate Co-Chair of the
Congressional Alzheimer's Task Force, I am convinced that we must
accelerate research to find a way to prevent and effectively treat
Alzheimer's disease. Doing so is among my highest legislative
priorities.
To read the rest of Senator Collins Weekly Column click here
.
Senator Collins Chairs Aging Committee Hearing to Discuss Alzheimer's
Disease and its Toll on Our Nation
The fight against Alzheimer's disease and whether our nation is on a
track to find a treatment by 2025, as experts have called for, was the
topic of a Senate Aging Committee hearing this week and was led by
Chairman Susan Collins
.
At the request of Senator Collins, Dr. Heidi Wierman, Division Director
of Geriatrics at the Maine Medical Center in Portland testified at the
hearing. In her testimony, Dr. Wierman said that while diagnosis and
treatment of patients with dementia is not a part of clinical training
for most health care providers, it is critical that our primary care
system become prepared to deal with cognitive assessment and care
planning for dementia patients.
To watch Dr. Wierman's testimony click here
or the play button above
In addition, Barbara "B" Smith, a well-known supermodel, restauranteur,
retailer, actor and author, testified before the committee with her
husband, Dan Gasby. Ms. Smith has been diagnosed with early onset
Alzheimer's disease. She gave a compelling testimony determined to
raise public awareness and help others.
To watch B. Smith's testimony click here
or the play button above
Ms. Smith's powerful and moving testimony was covered on the AARP blog:
Restaurateur B. Smith Urges More Funding for Alzheimer's Research -
>From AARP Blog
Former model and restaurateur B. Smith, who revealed last June that she
had been diagnosed with early onset Alzheimer's disease, urged senators
on Wednesday to 'make a difference' for the millions like her and
approve more funding for research into the debilitating brain condition.
"Smith, 65, testified before the Senate special committee on aging,
along with medical and research experts from the National Institutes of
Health (NIH), the Mayo Clinic and other centers.
"Fighting back tears, Smith told the committee that the past eight
months had been a tough time for her 'because I've been so healthy for
such a long time.'
"'Lots of people out there probably are feeling the way I'm feeling,
like this should never have happened to me,' she said.
"But, she added, 'I'm here because I don't want anybody else to have to
go through this.' She asked the committee 'to make a difference not
just for the 5 million Americans with Alzheimer's and their caregivers,
but for the future generations who will face this.'"
"The NIH currently invests $586 million for Alzheimer's research,
compared to $5 billion for cancer and $2 billion for cardiovascular
disease.
"However, the cost to treat those with Alzheimer's disease has soared
to more than $226 billion a year, including $153 billion in costs to
Medicare and Medicaid, with the total cost expected to rise to $1
trillion by 2050. 'Yet we are currently spending less than three tenths
of one percent of that amount on Alzheimer's research,' said Sen. Susan
Collins of Maine, who chaired the hearing.
"Richard Hodes, M.D., director of the National Institutes of Aging,
said the NIH has requested another $51 million for Alzheimer's research
in the president's 2016 budget.
"The additional funds will be used to bolster research into identifying
new risk and protective genes; drug discovery and development; and
trials of therapies for people at the highest risk of the disease."
Following Request from Collins, King, VA Secretary
Announces Expansion of Health Care for Veterans
Following a push from U.S. Senators Susan Collins and Angus King, the
U.S. Department of Veterans Affairs (VA) announced that it will make a
critical change in the way eligibility is determined for the Veterans
Choice Card Program. Specifically, this change will adjust the way the
distance requirement is calculated under the 40-mile rule, roughly
doubling the number of eligible veterans nationwide who can receive
care in their communities.
In a joint statement, Senators Collins and King said, "Regardless of
where they live, our veterans deserve access to quality health care. We
are pleased to hear that Secretary McDonald has listened to veterans'
concerns and will adopt a common-sense interpretation of the 40-mile
rule and implement the provision the way that Congress had intended.
Today's announcement removes a significant roadblock and the program
will take an important step forward to expand health care
accessibility."
To read the full press release click here
.
Collins, King Announce Big Change for Veterans and Their Health Care -
>From the Bangor Daily News
"Maine Sens. Susan Collins and Angus King announced Tuesday that the
U.S. Department of Veterans Affairs will make a rather momentous change
in its Veterans Choice Card Program. The change involves a new way to
calculate the so-called "40-mile rule," which King and Collins said
will roughly double the number of veterans nationwide who can receive
care in their communities.
"The Choice Program is designed to let veterans who live more than 40
miles from a VA medical center, have transportation challenges or are
unable to secure an appointment within 30 days to go to a non-VA care
center in their community. The current 40-mile rule is measured as the
crow flies. Under the change, it will be measured in road miles.
"Collins and King, who led a wider group of senators on this issue,
have introduced a bill that would put the change announced Tuesday into
permanent law."
National Association for Home Care and Hospice Honors Senator Collins
This week, Senator Collins was honored as a "Home Care Hero" by the
National Association for Home Care and Hospice for her work as Chairman
of the Senate Special Committee on Aging.
During her speech to the group, Senator Collins focused on the
importance of Home Care services in rural areas, "...home care agencies
in Aroostook County in Northern Maine, where I am from, cover almost
6,700 square miles, with an average population of less than 11 persons
per square mile. Their costs are understandably much higher than other
agencies located in more urban areas due to the long distances the
staff must drive to see clients. Their staff is also not able to see as
many patients due to time on the road."
Meeting with Mainers
Senator Collins always makes time to meet individually with
constituents- either Mainers who are visiting Washington, D.C. or at
home in Maine.
She values hearing from Mainers on a wide range of topics. Here are a
few photos from recent meetings:
Top: Brothers Andy and Theo Leblanc from South Portland
Middle: Senator Collins and the Maine Bankers Association
Bottom: Senator Collins and the Maine Community Action Association
OFFICE OF SENATOR SUSAN COLLINS
413 Dirksen Senate Office Building
Washington, D.C. 20510
Phone: (202) 224-2523
Fax: (202) 224-2693
To UNSUBSCRIBE, please click here
DEFAULT TABLE ATTRIBUTES ARE:
DEFAULT TD STYLE IS:
DEFAULT LEFT SIDEBAR IS:
DEFAULT RIGHT COLUMN IS:
Can't
see the images? Make sure your e-mail is set to download pictures in order to see the full content
of this e-newsletter.
March
27, 2015
IN
THIS ISSUE:
Senator Collins Chairs
Aging Committee Hearing to Discuss Alzheimer's Disease and its Toll on Our Nation
Following Request from
Collins, King, VA Secretary
Announces Expansion of Health Care for Veterans
National
Association
for Home Care and Hospice Honors Senator Collins
Meeting with Mainers
WEEKLY COLUMN
Ending Alzheimer's-Supporting the Search for a Cure
By: Senator Susan Collins
Barbara Smith, also known as &#8220;B.,&#8221; is a well-known restauranteur, author
and supermodel who was the first African-American to be featured on the cover of Mademoiselle magazine.
In her own words, she now has the &#8220;most important job of all,&#8221; which is to make a difference
in the fight against Alzheimer&#8217;s disease. In very moving and emotional testimony, Ms. Smith recently
described her struggles with the disease before the Senate Aging Committee, which I chair.
Sadly, Ms. Smith has been diagnosed with early onset Alzheimer&#8217;s disease and is determined
to raise public awareness to help others. Right by her side in this fight is her husband Dan Gasby, who
says the disease has taken away a person who was at the peak of her abilities. They are determined to
make something positive come from their personal struggle with this terrible disease.
Alzheimer&#8217;s is a devastating disease that takes a tremendous personal and economic toll
on the individual, the family, and our nation. Today, more than 5 million Americans, are living with
the disease that has no effective means of prevention, treatment, or a cure. Alzheimer&#8217;s is now
the sixth leading cause of death in the U.S.
In addition to the human suffering it causes, Alzheimer&#8217;s costs the United States an estimated
$226 billion per year, including $153 billion in costs to Medicare and Medicaid. These costs will only
skyrocket as the baby boom generation ages. Unless an effective treatment is developed before 2050, the
costs will soar to more than $1.1 trillion, according to new estimates of the Alzheimer&#8217;s Association.
Far too many families have experienced the pain of Alzheimer&#8217;s disease. As a Senator representing
the State with the oldest median age, Chairman of the Senate Aging Committee, and Senate Co-Chair of
the Congressional Alzheimer&#8217;s Task Force, I am convinced that we must accelerate research to find
a way to prevent and effectively treat Alzheimer&#8217;s disease. Doing so is among my highest legislative
priorities.
To read the rest of Senator Collins Weekly Column click
here .
Senator
Collins Chairs Aging Committee Hearing to Discuss Alzheimer's Disease and its Toll on Our Nation
The fight against Alzheimer&#8217;s disease and whether our nation is on a track to find a treatment
by 2025, as experts have called for, was the topic of a Senate Aging Committee hearing this week and
was led by
Chairman Susan Collins .
At the request of Senator Collins, Dr. Heidi Wierman, Division Director of Geriatrics at the Maine
Medical Center in Portland testified at the hearing. In her testimony, Dr. Wierman said that while diagnosis
and treatment of patients with dementia is not a part of clinical training for most health care providers,
it is critical that our primary care system become prepared to deal with cognitive assessment and care
planning for dementia patients.
To
watch Dr. Wierman's testimony click
here
or the play button above
In addition, Barbara &#8220;B&#8221; Smith, a well-known supermodel, restauranteur, retailer,
actor and author, testified before the committee with her husband, Dan Gasby. Ms. Smith has been diagnosed
with early onset Alzheimer&#8217;s disease. She gave a compelling testimony determined to raise public
awareness and help others.
To
watch B. Smith's testimony click
here
or the play button above
Ms. Smith&#8217;s powerful and moving testimony was covered
on the AARP blog:
Restaurateur B. Smith Urges More Funding for Alzheimer&#8217;s
Research -
From
AARP Blog
Former model and
restaurateur B. Smith, who revealed last June that she had been diagnosed with early onset Alzheimer&#8217;s
disease, urged senators on Wednesday to 'make a difference' for the millions like her and approve more
funding for research into the debilitating brain condition.
"Smith, 65, testified before the Senate special committee on aging, along with medical and research
experts from the National Institutes of Health (NIH), the Mayo Clinic and other centers.
"Fighting back tears, Smith told the committee that the past eight months had been a tough time
for her 'because I&#8217;ve been so healthy for such a long time.'
"'Lots of people out there probably are feeling the way I&#8217;m feeling, like this should never
have happened to me,' she said.
"But, she
added, 'I&#8217;m here because I don&#8217;t want anybody else to have to go through this.' She asked
the committee 'to make a difference not just for the 5 million Americans with Alzheimer&#8217;s and their
caregivers, but for the future generations who will face this.'&#8221;
"The NIH currently invests $586 million for Alzheimer&#8217;s research, compared to $5 billion
for cancer and $2 billion for cardiovascular disease.
"However,
the cost to treat those with Alzheimer&#8217;s disease has soared to more than $226 billion a year, including
$153 billion in costs to Medicare and Medicaid, with the total cost expected to rise to $1 trillion by
2050. 'Yet we are currently spending less than three tenths of one percent of that amount on Alzheimer&#8217;s
research,' said Sen. Susan Collins of Maine, who chaired the hearing.
"Richard Hodes, M.D., director of the National Institutes of Aging, said the NIH has requested
another $51 million for Alzheimer&#8217;s research in the president&#8217;s 2016 budget.
"The
additional funds will be used to bolster research into identifying new risk and protective genes; drug
discovery and development; and trials of therapies for people at the highest risk of the disease."
Following
Request from Collins, King, VA Secretary
Announces Expansion of Health Care for Veterans
Following
a push from U.S. Senators Susan Collins and Angus King, the U.S. Department of Veterans Affairs (VA)
announced that it will make a critical change in the way eligibility is determined for the Veterans Choice
Card Program. Specifically, this change will adjust the way the distance requirement is calculated under
the 40-mile rule, roughly doubling the number of eligible veterans nationwide who can receive care in
their communities.
In a joint statement, Senators Collins and King said, &#8220;Regardless of where they live, our
veterans deserve access to quality health care. We are pleased to hear that Secretary McDonald has listened
to veterans&#8217; concerns and will adopt a common-sense interpretation of the 40-mile rule and implement
the provision the way that Congress had intended. Today&#8217;s announcement removes a significant roadblock
and the program will take an important step forward to expand health care accessibility.&#8221;
To
read the full press release click
here .
Collins,
King Announce Big Change for Veterans and Their Health Care -
From
the Bangor Daily News
"Maine
Sens. Susan Collins and Angus King announced Tuesday that the U.S. Department of Veterans Affairs will
make a rather momentous change in its Veterans Choice Card Program. The change involves a new way to
calculate the so-called &#8220;40-mile rule,&#8221; which King and Collins said will roughly double the
number of veterans nationwide who can receive care in their communities.
"The Choice Program is designed to let veterans who live more than 40 miles from a VA medical
center, have transportation challenges or are unable to secure an appointment within 30 days to go to
a non-VA care center in their community. The current 40-mile rule is measured as the crow flies. Under
the change, it will be measured in road miles.
"Collins and King, who led a wider group of senators on this issue,
have introduced a bill that would put the change announced Tuesday into permanent law."
National
Association for Home Care and Hospice Honors Senator Collins
This
week, Senator Collins was honored as a "Home Care Hero" by the National Association for Home Care and
Hospice for her work as Chairman of the Senate Special Committee on Aging.
During her speech to the group, Senator Collins focused on the importance of Home Care services
in rural areas, "...home care agencies in Aroostook County in Northern Maine, where I am from, cover
almost 6,700 square miles, with an average population of less than 11 persons per square mile. Their
costs are understandably much higher than other agencies located in more urban areas due to the long
distances the staff must drive to see clients. Their staff is also not able to see as many patients due
to time on the road.&#8221;
Meeting
with Mainers
Senator Collins always makes time to meet individually with constituents&#8212; either Mainers who
are visiting Washington, D.C. or at home in Maine.
She values hearing from Mainers on a wide range of topics. Here are a few photos from recent meetings:
Top: Brothers Andy and Theo Leblanc from South Portland Middle: Senator Collins
and the Maine Bankers Association Bottom: Senator Collins and the Maine Community Action Association
OFFICE OF SENATOR SUSAN COLLINS
413 Dirksen Senate Office Building Washington,
D.C. 20510 Phone: (202) 224-2523 Fax: (202) 224-2693
To UNSUBSCRIBE,
please
click here
