DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.0 Transitional//EN" "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml1/DTD/xhtml1-transitional.dtd"
Email Newsletter
Recently in Washington
Last week the House passed H.R. 1195, the
Bureau of Consumer Financial Protection Advisory Boards Act , which creates a Small Business Advisory Board at the Bureau of Consumer Financial Protection (CFPB). The bill, which passed 235-153, would enhance the focus on the unique needs of small businesses at CFPB, and passed 235-183.
The House also passed H.R. 1560, the
Protecting Cyber Networks Act , and H.R. 1731, the
National Cybersecurity Protection Advancement Act of 2015 , by votes of 307-116 and 355-63, respectively.
These bills enable private companies to share some information with other companies and with the federal government on a voluntary basis for cybersecurity purposes.
They require companies to remove personal information before they share cyber threat information. The legislation addresses legal barriers that prevent businesses and government from mitigating and responding to cyberattacks.
Simpson Boosts INL Funding in Energy Bill
House Energy and Water Chairman reverses Obama Administrations nuclear cuts, increases INL funding
Idaho Congressman Mike Simpson last week announced that the Fiscal Year (FY) 2016 Energy and Water Development Appropriations bill reverses proposed cuts to Idaho National Laboratory (INL), the Department of Energys Office of Nuclear Energy, and cleanup activities in Idaho. Simpson is Chairman of the House Appropriations Subcommittee on Energy and Water Development, which passed the bill through the full House Appropriations Committee last week, and had the lead role in deciding funding for all Department of Energy programs.
I am pleased to report that the Energy and Water bill rejects cuts proposed by the Obama Administration to nuclear energy programs and increases funding for many of the vital research efforts at INL, said Subcommittee Chairman Mike Simpson. The funding increases we have been able to secure in the last two years have made a real impact accelerating nuclear innovation programs and addressing much needed infrastructure enhancements at INL.
These investments will support efforts to make sure nuclear energy remains an important component of our nation's energy mix.
The FY 2016 Energy and Water Development Appropriations bill sets funding for the DOEs Office of Nuclear Energy at $936 million, an increase of $102.6 million above FY 2015 and $28.5 million above the Presidents request.
Nuclear energy research and development programs that receive funding within the overall $936 million allocation include:
The Idaho Facilities Management account, which covers infrastructure maintenance and improvement at INL, is funded at $218.5 million
a $12.5 million increase over last year and $6.7 million above the Presidents request.
INLs Safeguards and Security Program is funded at $126.1 million
an increase of $22.1 million over fiscal year 2015.
The Nuclear Energy Enabling Technologies program is funded at $111 million
an increase of $10.6 million above fiscal year 2015 and $25 million above the Presidents request.
Small Modular Reactor Licensing Support Programs are funded at $62.5 million.
This funding is slated for NuScale Powers Small Modular Reactor which is proposed for construction in Idaho.
The Light Water Reactor Sustainability program, which is managed by INL and promotes the continued safe operation of Americas existing nuclear reactors, is funded at $40 million.
The Reactor Concepts Research, Development, and Demonstration account is funded at $141 million
an increase of $8.7 million above fiscal year 2015 and $33.5 million above the Presidents request. Within the overall $141 million level for this account, $33 million is allocated to fuel qualification for the High Temperature Gas Reactor.
Within the Fuel Cycle Research and Development program, the Advanced Fuels program is funded at $60.1 million, the same as fiscal year 2015; and Used Nuclear Fuel Disposition research and development is funded at $55 million, $16.5 million below fiscal year 2015.
Within the Office of Naval Reactors, the bill includes $71.2 million for the operation of the Advanced Test Reactor.
Within the Office of Electricity Delivery and Energy Reliability, the bill includes $5 million for the development of an Electric Grid Test Bed program to enhance existing full-scale electric grid testing capabilities like those at Idaho National Laboratory.
The bill also provides $390 million for cleanup activities associated with the Idaho Cleanup Project and the Advanced Mixed Waste Treatment Project co-located on the Idaho desert with INL.
The funding level of $390 million is an increase of $10.5 million above FY 2015 and $30 million above the Presidents request, which will allow the significant cleanup activities currently underway to continue. The bill also includes an additional $2 million for the National Spent Fuel Program, putting the unique expertise of INL to work in order to provide solutions for managing the Department of Energys inventories of spent nuclear fuel.
Despite the Obama Administrations unilateral decision to disregard the federal governments legal requirement to take responsibility for civilian spent nuclear fuel, the bill contains funding to support the continued adjudication of the Yucca Mountain license application, ensuring the federal government will meet its commitments to Idaho and other states and dispose of used nuclear fuel.
Overall, the Energy and Water Development Appropriations bill provides $35.4 billion for the functions of the Department of Energy, the Army Corps of Engineers, the Bureau of Reclamation and a number of independent agencies, including direction for the Nuclear Regulatory Commission and the Bonneville Power Administration.
From water projects across the nation to critical energy research and increased national security, the Energy and Water bill has a wide reach, Chairman Simpson said.
This is a responsible bill that prioritizes national security needs and improving our nation's infrastructure within tight budget caps, Chairman Simpson said.
It makes critical investments in the maintenance and safety of our nuclear weapons stockpile, while also funding important infrastructure projects and research that will increase U.S. economic competitiveness and growth."
The bill is expected to be considered on the floor of the House of Representatives in the coming weeks. The complete Committee Report can be found at:
http://appropriations.house.gov/uploadedfiles/hrpt-114-hr-fy2016-energywater.pdf
Committee Schedule
Wednesday
At 8:30 a.m., the House Labor, Health and Human Services, Education Subcommittee on Appropriations will hold a public witness hearing.
At 2:00 p.m., the House Labor, Health and Human Services, Education Subcommittee on Appropriations is scheduled to hold a public witness hearing.
Thursday
At 10:30 a.m., the House Appropriations Committee will mark up the Legislative Branch Appropriations Bill for Fiscal Year 2016.
Floor Schedule
MONDAY, APRIL 27TH
On Monday, the House met at 8:00 p.m. in pro forma session. No votes occurred.
TUESDAY, APRIL 28TH
On Tuesday, the House will meet at meet at 12:00 p.m. for morning hour and 2:00 p.m. for legislative business.
Legislation Considered Under Suspension of the Rules:
1)
H.R. 1075
- To designate the United States Customs and Border Protection Port of Entry located at First Street and Pan American Avenue in Douglas, Arizona, as the Raul Hector Castro Port of Entry
(Sponsored by Rep. Raul Grijalva / Ways and Means Committee)
2)
H.R. 651
- To designate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 820 Elmwood Avenue in Providence, Rhode Island, as the Sister Ann Keefe Post Office
(Sponsored by Rep. David Cicilline / Oversight and Government Reform Committee)
3)
H.R. 1690
- To designate the United States courthouse located at 700 Grant Street in Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania, as the Joseph F. Weis Jr. United States Courthouse
(Sponsored by Rep. Mike Doyle / Transportation and Infrastructure Committee)
4)
H.R. 172
- To designate the United States courthouse located at 501 East Court Street in Jackson, Mississippi, as the R. Jess Brown United States Courthouse
(Sponsored by Rep. Bennie Thompson / Transportation and Infrastructure Committee)
5)
H.R. 373
- Good Samaritan Search and Recovery Act, as amended
(Sponsored by Rep. Joe Heck / Natural Resources Committee)
6)
H.R. 984
- To amend the National Trails System Act to direct the Secretary of the Interior to conduct a study on the feasibility of designating the Chief Standing Bear National Historic Trail, and for other purposes
(Sponsored by Rep. Jeff Fortenberry / Natural Resources Committee)
7)
H.R. 1324
- Arapaho National Forest Boundary Adjustment Act of 2015
(Sponsored by Rep. Jared Polis / Natural Resources Committee)
WEDNESDAY, APRIL 29TH AND THE BALANCE OF THE WEEK
On Wednesday, the House will meet at 9:00 a.m. for legislative business and recess immediately. The House will reconvene at approximately 10:45 a.m. for a Joint Meeting of Congress to receive His Excellency Shinzo Abe, Prime Minister of Japan.
On Thursday, the House will meet at 10:00 a.m. for morning hour and 12:00 p.m. for legislative business.
On Friday, the House will meet at 9:00 a.m. for legislative business. Last votes expected no later than 3:00 p.m.
H.R. 2029
- Military Construction and Veterans Affairs and Related Agencies Appropriations Act, 2016 (Subject to a Rule)
(Sponsored by Rep. Charlie Dent / Appropriations Committee)
H.R. 2028
- Energy and Water Development and Related Agencies Appropriations Act, 2016 (Subject to a Rule)
(Sponsored by Rep. Mike Simpson / Appropriations Committee)
Possible Consideration of the Conference Report to S. Con. Res. 11
- FY2016 Budget (Subject to a Rule)
(Sponsored by Rep. Tom Price / Budget Committee)
Possible Consideration of
H.R. 1732
- Regulatory Integrity Protection Act of 2015, Rules Committee Print (Subject to a Rule)
(Sponsored by Rep. Bill Shuster / Transportation and Infrastructure Committee)
In the News
Energy-Water Spending Bill Heads to Floor With Environmental Riders
By Geof Koss, CQ Roll Call, April 22, 2015
The House Appropriations Committee on Wednesday approved a $35.4 billion fiscal 2016 Energy-Water spending bill, setting up a floor debate on the measure next week.
The bill passed by voice vote after Democrats unsuccessfully offered a handful of amendments to strip environmental riders that would handcuff the administration's water policies.
Ranking Democrat Nita M. Lowey criticized Republicans for including provisions to block the joint EPA-Army Corps of Engineers proposal to define the reach of the Clean Water Act (PL 95-217), a second water provision barring changes to the definition of fill material under the law and a rider allowing the carrying of guns on Army Corps of Engineers lands.
She noted that the White House has previously threatened to veto similar provisions. I'm truly amazed that you would willfully go down this path again, said Lowey, D-N.Y.
But
Mike Simpson , R-Idaho, the chairman of the Energy-Water subcommittee, said the water riders are intended to prevent regulatory overreach by the administration, arguing that a science document underpinning the Waters of the United States proposal would eventually give EPA regulatory powers over groundwater.
He also defended the gun rider as consistent with management policies by other public land agencies.
The committee rejected 18-31 an amendment by Energy-Water ranking Democrat Marcy Kaptur of Ohio to strike the riders.
The committee also voted 20-29 to turn back an amendment by Rep. Sam Farr, D-Calif., that would have stripped a provision from the bill blocking President Barack Obama's National Oceans Policy.
The panel adopted by voice vote a Simpson amendment that would increase funding for smart grid and cybersecurity research at the Energy Department by $27.5 million. The increase would be offset largely by a $25 million reduction in the $50 million that the bill provides the Nuclear Regulatory Commission to continue the legally mandated licensing review of the Yucca Mountain nuclear waste repository. Simpson noted that the NRC has said it did not need the full $50 million.
The underlying bill includes $150 million for Yucca Mountain, which DOE now opposes. While Yucca has been a perennial bone of contention in the Energy-Water bill, Democrats did not attempt to strip the project's funding from the measure.
Yucca-related amendments could surface next week on the floor, when House Appropriations Chairman Harold Rogers said he expects the Energy-Water and Military Construction-VA measures to kick off the fiscal 2016 spending push.
The Kentucky Republican said that is the earliest point in the year the House has ever considered spending bills. Im hopeful this will be a fruitful appropriations year, he said.
Contact Mike
Issues
Other News
MEDIA CENTER
Simpson Applauds Idaho DOE Science Bowl Finalists
If you are having trouble reading this message, try viewing the
web version
BIOGRAPHY
|
NEWS CENTER
|
ISSUES
|
SERVICES FOR YOU
|
2ND DISTRICT
|
CONTACT
Click Here Click Here