
April 29, 2015
Friend,
I have received many questions from constituents regarding my efforts to stop a nuclear-armed Iran, and I wanted to give you a full understanding of my work in the Senate on this important issue.
Reading and listening long and hard &mdash; in public forums, private conversations, and secure classified briefings &mdash; I am guided by two paramount goals: stopping a nuclear-armed Iran, and doing it by peaceful means.
An Iran with nuclear weapons would be an urgent, intolerable threat to American security. Almost immediately, it would lead to the proliferation of such weapons throughout the Middle East, creating a nuclear tinderbox and endangering our allies, most obviously Israel.
I strongly support negotiations to stop this threat. That is why I advocated and helped lead legislation imposing severe economic sanctions on Iran &mdash; with the goal of bringing the Iranians to the table. After the sanctions succeeded, and talks began, I supported S. 269, the bipartisan Kirk-Menendez Bill, to strengthen sanctions if the talks failed. The result so far is a very general "framework" or &ldquo;understanding,&rdquo; which contains significant gaps and unanswered questions but is sufficient to continue the talks, which are now ongoing.
I hope and believe these negotiations can succeed. Obstacles remain &mdash; complex issues concerning research and development on centrifuges, amounts of uranium, lifting of sanctions, and inspectors&rsquo;
access to enrichment sites, to name a few. Surmounting these obstacles
is certainly possible, albeit deeply challenging. Any final agreement must be airtight, comprehensive, and enduring &mdash; and, perhaps most importantly, strictly verifiable and enforceable. We can settle for nothing less.
Meeting this goal means that Congress must have a role in reviewing and scrutinizing any final agreement. The plain fact is that Congress imposed the sanctions by statute, and only Congress can permanently lift them. But even apart from constitutional requirements, Congress has a responsibility to make sure that this agreement squares with our enduring need for security and strong national defense, as I know well from my service
on the Armed Services Committee. That is why I was an original and leading co-sponsor of the bipartisan S. 615, the Nuclear Agreement Review Act of 2015 (also known as the Corker-Menendez Bill), which was adopted unanimously in April 2015 by the Foreign Relations Committee after valuable modifications. The President&rsquo;s acceptance of this measure reaffirms my support. I will continue to insist that Congress meet its responsibility.
Just as I appreciate the Administration&rsquo;s steadfast perseverance and diligent work in these negotiations, I oppose any steps that would impede or, in my judgment, interfere with them. Even as the President has said that all options must be on the table &mdash; and I agree &mdash; our best option is diplomacy and other peaceful means. I support that effort.
As always, I welcome your thoughts and views about these critically important issues. Hearing from you enables me to listen and learn.
Thank you,
Senator Richard Blumenthal
Please click here to unsubscribe.
