
Babin Bulletin | April 26, 2015
Click here
if you have trouble viewing this email
First 100 Days
Over the past four months I've had the privilege of representing you in Congress.
We recently hit our 100th day in Congress. During that time we've passed more than 100 bills through the House, many of which are awaiting Senate consideration. Below I've recapped a few of these important bills:
Expanding American energy (H.R. 3, H.R. 161, H.R. 351)
Cutting taxes (H.R. 1105, H.R. 622)
Supporting our veterans (H.R. 203, H.R. 22, H.R. 294)
Protecting the unborn (H.R. 7)
Repealing Obamacare (H.R. 596)
Restoring fiscal sanity (H. Con. Res 27)
Combating Human Trafficking (H.R. 285, H.R. 181, H.R. 350)
Celebrating San Jacinto Day
We recently celebrated San Jacinto Day on April 21, which marks the day Texas won its independence at the Battle of San Jacinto. On this day in 1836, General Sam Houstons army decisively defeated Mexican President Santa Anna and his forces at the Battle of San Jacinto. The 36th District is the proud home to this historic battlefield, which is now marked by the beautiful San Jacinto Monument. Since its completion in 1939, the San Jacinto Monument has served as a symbol of pride, sacrifice, and honor to not only Texas but also to our local community. I spoke briefly on the House floor in commemoration of this important day in Texas history. To watch, please
click here .
Babin: Obama Is Giving Into Iranian Extortion
President Obamas announced framework with Iran is nothing but an appeasement and surrender to Irans quest for nuclear weapons.
Sadly, the weak posture that President Obama has presented is having devastating effects. The
recent announcement
by President Putin that Russia will now be delivering new, advanced missile defense systems is a troubling development.
These developments bring to mind the infamous "peace in our time" negotiations that emboldened Nazi aggression and led to WWII.
The Obama Administration in my view is giving in to Iranian extortion. Congress must reassert its authority and key role in reviewing any potential deal with Iran.
The Presidents weak posture, vacillation and lack of clear direction on foreign policy has also only served to embolden those working against the national security interests of the U.S. and our allies.
Its time the President steps up to the plate and supports our Eastern European allies by installing an advanced anti-ballistic missile shield, supplying Ukraine with the necessary weaponry they need to defend themselves, and to repair our damaged relationship with our long term ally Israel.
Hydraulic Fracturing: Good Science vs. Science Fiction
The House Committee on Science, Space, and Technology recently held a hearing to examine the science behind claims that hydraulic fracturing causes groundwater contamination and other environmental concerns. At the hearing, I asked Texas Railroad Commission Chairman Christi Craddick how the Commission responds to baseless allegations used to mislead the public on the safety and economic benefits of hydraulic fracturing. To watch her response, please
click here .
Snap-shots from the Week
Congratulations to Lee Colleges Reagan Dobbs and Cody Bijou for winning this years Madison Cup Debate! As team captains, Reagan and Cody led the team as they competed against the likes of Yale, Stanford, Georgetown, and other top-tier universities.
Meeting with representatives from Dixie Chemical Company, Baker Hughes and Texas Molecular about the need for regulatory reform and permanent tax reductions to encourage job creation right here in Southeast Texas.
I recently had the privilege of serving as this years keynote speaker for the American Student Dental Associations annual gathering in Washington, DC.
Forward to a Friend
|
Share on Facebook
|
Share on Twitter
UPDATE SUBSCRIPTION OPTIONS
|
PRIVACY POLICY
|
CONTACT US
Click Here Click Here