
If you are having
trouble viewing this message or would like to share it on a social
network, you can
view the
message online .
About
Contact
Services
Media Center
Legislation
Issues
Resources
April 26, 2015
Friends,
Carpe diem.
Latin for seize the day, this phrase
is used by many to encourage folks to make the most out of every
opportunity. Im a strong believer in taking full advantage of
opportunities that arise.
In Congress, Im also working to increase opportunities
for
things like more good-paying jobs, economic security, and high-quality
education
to help make life better for individuals and families in
the eighth district.
For instance, I have been a staunch
advocate for getting North Carolina into Americas booming energy business
and have worked hard to advance an all-of-the-above energy strategy to
responsibly unlock our natural resources. By seizing the tremendous
opportunity of energy exploration and development off our coast, we
will lower costs and create more jobs right here at
home.
Right now, America is a global leader in energy
production. Through my position on the Committee on Energy and
Commerce, Im working with my colleagues to maximize this growing energy
potential in North Carolina and across the nation.
Our bipartisan,
comprehensive energy plan called the Architecture of Abundance,
spearheaded by Chairman Fred Upton and Energy and Power Subcommittee
Chairman Ed Whitfield, will capitalize on our newfound energy abundance.
This robust energy package has four important areas: modernizing
infrastructure, bolstering a 21st century energy workforce,
strengthening Americas energy diplomacy for a changing world, and promoting
efficiency and accountability. By replacing outdated policies and
clearing out burdensome regulations, we will secure our energy
future.
A big piece of solving our
21st century energy puzzle is guaranteeing an educated, modernized energy
and manufacturing workforce.
Last week, my colleagues on the
Energy and Power Subcommittee and I hosted a hearing to determine the
best way to empower workers to get and keep todays high-skilled
energy and manufacturing jobs. We discussed draft legislation that would
improve workforce-training programs while ensuring that good-paying
jobs are accessible to all
Americans.
Much like the bipartisan
Workforce Innovation and Opportunity
Act
that I helped champion last Congress, this legislation would
strengthen job-training programs to invest in our workforce and help
folks get back to work. By directing the Department of Energy to
effectively utilize existing resources,
it would connect individuals
with job-training programs
including under-represented and low-income
communities - while also making current programs more efficient and
effective.
In this
critical discussion, I drew upon the knowledge I gleaned from my recent
visit with professors and energy leaders at the Energy Production and
Infrastructure Center at UNC Charlotte. EPIC is an innovative facility in
our backyard that provides students with an energy focused education
and the technical skills needed for 21st century jobs . As a
proud UNC Charlotte alumnus, Im thrilled to see my university at the
cutting edge of energy infrastructure development and energy and
manufacturing workforce training.
The work EPIC is doing will greatly
elevate North Carolina's role in providing affordable, reliable
energy to folks across the nation and could serve as a national model for
an effective energy and manufacturing workforce training
plan.
As Ive said before, my top three
priorities are jobs, jobs, and jobs.
Our robust energy plan
will not only create jobs, but help equip workers with the skills
necessary to find employment. Its time for us to seize the tremendous
energy opportunity ahead to lower energy costs, empower folks with more
good-paying jobs, and get one step closer to energy
independence.
Until
next week,
Richard
Hudson
Member of
Congress
Im honored to receive the
Guardian of Seniors' Rights Award
for my work to protect
Social Security and Medicare and be a voice for North Carolinas
seniors in Congress.
From saving our
vital safety net programs to ending wasteful spending of our tax
dollars, Ill continue to fight to restore fiscal responsibility in
Washington and keep our promises to todays seniors and future
generations.
_______________________
It was my pleasure to welcome 2014 NASCAR
Sprint Cup Series Champion Kevin Harvick, Tony Stewart, and the
Stewart-Haas Racing team to DC last
week!
_______________________
What a great
moment to honor Kevin Harvick at the White House for his 2014 NASCAR
Sprint Cup Series
Championship.
I had to get a picture with NC08's No. 4
Chevrolet!
Concord Office
325 McGill Ave,
NW
Suite 500
Concord, NC 28027
Phone: (704) 7861612
Rockingham Office
1015 Fayetteville
Rd
Rockingham, NC 28379
Phone: (910) 9972070
Washington D.C. Office
429 Cannon
HOB
Washington, DC 20515
Phone: (202) 2253715
Unsubscribe
|
Update My Profile
|
Privacy
Policy
