
Dear Friend,
Thank you for signing up to receive my email newsletter. These
newsletters will cover a variety of topics, including events happening
in Indiana, legislation being considered in Congress, and my
perspective on current issues. My hope is to keep you updated and
informed on how issues in Washington may impact Hoosiers. I welcome
your feedback.
Thanks for reading,
Dan Coats
_____
Loretta Lynch's Nomination for Attorney General
This week I voted against the nomination of Loretta Lynch to be
attorney general of the United States.
My vote was not about Ms. Lynch's qualifications or experience. This
vote was entirely about preserving the Constitution and our system of
checks and balances.
President Obama's executive amnesty represents an unconstitutional
abuse of his authority, because the executive branch cannot write laws
or selectively enforce them based on political prerogatives. Ms. Lynch's
support for the president's executive amnesty plan demonstrates that
she is not the right person to serve as our country's chief law
enforcement officer. The constitutional guideposts that govern our
republic should be reaffirmed by an independent attorney general who
will enforce the law as written.
_____
Waste of the Week: Abuse of the Federal Employee Compensation Act
This week's installment of Waste of the Week examined abuse of the
Federal Employee Compensation Act (FECA).
FECA was designed as a workers compensation program for federal
employees injured on the job. It provides vocation rehabilitiations,
medical benefits and keeps federal employees financially afloat until
they are able to return to work. This is a necessary protection for our
federal workers.
Sadly, it can also be abused. Is a 99 year old likely to return to
work? Well under current law a 99 year old is receiving benefits
because there is no limitation on how long a federal employee can
receive FECA benefits. It simply states that they can receive benefits
as long as they are unable to work, which can extend long into their
retirement.
Currently when FECA recipients reach retirement age, they can choose
between FECA benefits or federal retirement benefits. FECA benefits are
certainly a better deal for federal employees, but are they a better
deal for taxpayers? The Department of Labor reports there are currently
45,000 people receiving long term disability benefits and one third of
these individuals are over the age of 66.
Clearly it is time we reexamined and reformed FECA. At a minimum we
should require that federal workers who reach retirement age shift to
retirement benefits just as all of their peers do.
With this reform, we could save in excess of $1 billion over the next
ten years. This program was always designed to assist workers until
they could return to work. It was never meant to be a higher paying
alternative to federal retirement benefits.
We must act to reform this law, and I look forward to sharing with you
other ways we can trim spending in Washington in my next Waste of the
Week.
Click here
, or on the image above, to hear my
speech on the Senate floor.
Coats in the News
Coats Receives "Guardian of Seniors' Rights" Award
Coats talks retirement, America's future
Addressing Washington's Waste
Students can learn about service academy life
Coats Confident Indiana Will Recover From RFRA Fallout
_____
Stay Connected
_____
Coats with Hoosiers
Mr. Nick Flowers' fourth grade class, from Pendleton, asked me great
questions about being a senator
I enjoyed meeting with leaders of Indiana Rural Broadband companies
It was great to meet with members of the Indiana University basketball
team head coach Tom Crean and watch a practice
Students from Notre Dame Middle School in Michigan City stopped by on
their class trip to DC
_____
To unsubscribe please
Click Here
Contact Me
Latest News
A message
from Senator Dan Coats
Dear
Friend,
Thank you for signing up to receive my email
newsletter. These newsletters will cover a variety of topics,
including
events happening in Indiana, legislation being
considered
in Congress, and my perspective on current issues.
My
hope is to keep you updated and informed on how issues in Washington may impact Hoosiers. I welcome your
feedback.
Thanks for reading,
Dan Coats
Loretta Lynch's Nomination for Attorney General
This week I voted against the nomination of Loretta Lynch to be attorney general of
the United States.
My vote was not about Ms. Lynch&#8217;s qualifications or experience.
This vote was entirely about preserving the Constitution and our system of checks and balances.
President Obama&#8217;s executive amnesty represents an unconstitutional abuse of his
authority, because the executive branch cannot write laws or selectively enforce them based on political
prerogatives. Ms. Lynch&#8217;s support for the president&#8217;s executive amnesty plan demonstrates
that she is not the right person to serve as our country&#8217;s chief law enforcement officer. The constitutional
guideposts that govern our republic should be reaffirmed by an independent attorney general who will
enforce the law as written.
Waste
of the Week: Abuse of the Federal Employee Compensation Act
This
week's installment of Waste of the Week examined abuse of the Federal Employee Compensation Act (FECA).
FECA
was designed as a workers compensation program for federal employees injured on the job. It provides
vocation rehabilitiations, medical benefits and keeps federal employees financially afloat until
they are able to return to work. This is a necessary protection for our federal workers.
Sadly, it
can also be abused. Is a 99 year old likely to return to work? Well under current law a 99 year
old is receiving benefits because there is no limitation on how long a federal employee can receive
FECA benefits. It simply states that they can receive benefits as long as they are unable to work, which
can extend long into their retirement.
Currently
when FECA recipients reach retirement age, they can choose between FECA benefits or federal retirement
benefits. FECA benefits are certainly a better deal for federal employees, but are they a better
deal for taxpayers? The Department of Labor reports there are currently 45,000 people receiving
long term disability benefits and one third of these individuals are over the age of 66.
Clearly
it is time we reexamined and reformed FECA. At a minimum we should require that federal workers who reach
retirement age shift to retirement benefits just as all of their peers do.
With
this reform, we could save in excess of $1 billion over the next ten years. This program was
always designed to assist workers until they could return to work. It was never meant to be a higher
paying alternative to federal retirement benefits.
We
must act to reform this law, and I look forward to sharing with you other ways we can trim spending in
Washington in my next Waste of the Week.
Click
here ,
or on the image above, to hear my speech on the Senate floor.
Coats
in the News
Coats
Receives &#8220;Guardian of Seniors&#8217; Rights&#8221; Award
Coats
talks retirement, America's future
Addressing
Washington&#8217;s Waste
Students
can learn about service academy life
Coats
Confident Indiana Will Recover From RFRA Fallout
Stay
Connected
Coats with Hoosiers
Mr.
Nick Flowers' fourth grade class, from Pendleton, asked me great questions about being a senator
I
enjoyed meeting with leaders of Indiana Rural Broadband companies
It
was great to meet with members of the Indiana University basketball team head coach Tom Crean and
watch a practice
Students
from Notre Dame Middle School in Michigan City stopped by on their class trip to DC
To
unsubscribe please
Click
Here
Contact
Me Latest
News
