
If you are having trouble viewing this message or
would like to share it on a social network, you can
view the message online .
About
Contact
Services
Media Center
Legislation
Issues
Resources
March 29, 2015
Friends,
March Madness is quickly
coming to an end, and at this point, your basketball bracket might be
either busted or barely hanging on.
Whether were NC State, UNC
or Duke fans, we can all agree that North Carolinas teams have had a
good run in the tournament this year.
Basketball
as it is
with most sports
requires practice and a detailed strategy. A play, a
plan, a blueprint... whatever you choose to call it, it sets the
stage and lays out a specific way to reach an end goal. Of course, there
are times when winging it and taking a 3-point shot with seconds to go
from the half succeeds.
But the best way forward is a
responsible
plan.
Unfortunately, folks in Washington have failed to take a page out of this
playbook and continue to wing it, recklessly spending our tax dollars
without a budget.
Clearly, when one is seriously in debt as
America is, a detailed blueprint on how to get out of the hole becomes
even more important. Since 2005, Congress has failed to pass a joint
budget resolution and our federal government has essentially run on
autopilot. Every single dollar of our mindboggling $18 trillion debt
represents a failed opportunity to address our nations fiscal challenges
and offer solutions to people who are suffering under the Obama economy.
The truth is, we are experiencing the slowest economic recovery since
World War II - one that hasnt touched the lives of too many families
in North Carolina.
Right now,
Congress has a tremendous opportunity ahead to accelerate economic
growth in our region and get our nations spending under control.
Last week, the House passed a bold conservative budget that does just
that while balancing within 10 years and restoring fiscal
responsibility in Washington.
This plan will create an environment that
promotes job creation and grows our economy by empowering individuals,
families and businesses with freedom and flexibility. It ensures we
have the ability to make our own health care decisions; it gets
government out of the way of job creation; and it returns control back to our
local communities.
In
stark contrast to President Obama, whose budget increases taxes on
hard-working Americans by $2.1 trillion without ever balancing, we presented
a bold plan that cuts $5.5 trillion in reckless spending without
raising taxes.
This is the highest spending cut of any previous
House Budget Committee proposals. While creating the economic security
needed to move our country forward, this budget also provides for a
strong national defense. By prioritizing defense spending, we will
guarantee the security of our nation and the defense of our priorities
around the world.
And last, but
definitely not least, it will rid us of
Obamacare
and
its job-killing taxes, regulations and mandates.
By repealing
Obamacare, we will pave the way for patient-centered health care
reforms.
Instead of forcing families and individuals under a 1950s
style, one-size-fits-all system, this budget will empower you to have
better control over your health care and restore the doctor-patient
relationship.
At the end of the
day, budgets reflect priorities.
Our budget puts the ball in your
hands
not Washington bureaucrats.
In the following weeks,
the Senate and the House will meet to work out the differences in our
budgets, and I am hopeful that we will move forward with many of the
conservative provisions found in the House-passed plan.
Because for North Carolinas job seekers, families who cant pay their
bills, and businesses struggling, our balanced budget is a step in the
right direction towards a stronger economy and a more prosperous
America.
Until next week,
Richard Hudson
Member of Congress
(NC-08)
Concord Office
325 McGill Ave, NW
Suite
500
Concord, NC 28027
Phone: (704)
7861612
Rockingham Office
1015 Fayetteville Rd
Rockingham, NC 28379
Phone: (910) 9972070
Washington D.C.
Office
429 Cannon HOB
Washington, DC 20515
Phone: (202) 2253715
Unsubscribe
|
Update My Profile
|
Privacy Policy
