DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.0 Transitional//EN" "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml1/DTD/xhtml1-transitional.dtd"
Send me an email
|
Forward to a Friend
Friend
Accountability and the IRS shouldnt be an oxymoron.
I believe the American people have a right to expect better from the government that serves them. Below are seven actions the House took this week to protect taxpayers, hold the IRS to a higher standard, and reintroduce a little common sense to our tax system:
1.
Forcing the IRS to recognize the rights of taxpayers . The Taxpayer Bill of Rights Act of 2015 ( H.R. 1058 ) codifies the rights that American taxpayers have to quality, privacy, fairness, and appeal as core responsibilities of the IRS Commissioner and all agency employees.
2.
Prohibiting IRS officers and employees from using personal email accounts for official business . The IRS Email Transparency Act ( H.R. 1152 ) increases accountability and protects taxpayers confidential information by preventing IRS employees from using personal email accounts for official government business.
3.
Stopping IRS abuse of taxpayer privacy protections.
The Taxpayer Knowledge of IRS Investigations Act ( H.R. 1026 ) ends the misuse of the tax code that has allowed IRS employees to violate privacy rights of American citizens
and stops the IRS from using protections designed to protect taxpayer information, to instead protect government employees who need to be held responsible for misusing confidential taxpayer information.
4.
Ensuring organizations can appeal denied requests for tax-exempt status . Ensuring Tax Exempt Organizations the Right to Appeal Act ( H.R. 1314 ) protects the right of organizations to appeal determinations by the IRS, in order to ensure a fair, impartial review process of requests for tax-exempt status.
5.
Cutting back on IRS bureaucracy.
The IRS Bureaucracy Reduction and Judicial Review Act ( H.R. 1295 ) streamlines the IRS burdensome review process and allows groups to declare their tax-exempt status rather than waiting extended and often indefinite periods of time to gain approval.
6.
Firing employees who targeted Americans for political purposes.
The Prevent Targeting at the IRS Act ( H.R. 709 ) provides for the termination of any IRS employee who takes official actions for political purposes.
7.
Preventing the IRS from targeting donors to non-profits . The Fair Treatment for All Gifts Act ( H.R. 1104 ) permanently ensures donations to 501(c)4, (c)5, and (c)6 organizations are not subject to the gift tax. The IRS has been investigated in the past for threatening to subject contributions to conservative organizations to the gift tax, in what many saw as a direct targeting based off of political beliefs.
Yours in service,
Randy
P.S. I want to know your thoughts on the action steps the House took this week to improve the integrity of the IRS. Weigh in on my facebook page here:
https://www.facebook.com/randyforbes .
Home
|
Contact
|
Forward to a Friend
|
Unsubscribe
|
Subscribe
|
Privacy
|
Office Locations
Please do not reply to this message. This email address does not accept incoming messages. To send an email,
click here .
Click Here Click Here