
News
from
Representative
Scott
Perry
M arch
2 5 , 2015
Congressmen Perry and Dold Introduce Bipartisan Legislation to Help Children / Individuals Suffering from Epilepsy and Other Seizure Disorders
Washington, D.C.
Currently, more than 300,000 children in American suffer from some form of epilepsy. Many of these children experience more than 100 violent seizures a day any one of which could be fatal without proper care.
Tomorrow (March 26) is Purple Day, when people around the world are invited to wear purple and host events in support of epilepsy awareness. In commemoration of Purple Day, U.S. Representatives Scott Perry (PA) and Bob Dold (IL) are introducing the Charlottes Web Medical Access Act of 2015, legislation to ensure that children and individuals with epilepsy and other debilitating seizure disorders have access to life-changing Cannabidiol (CBD) oil.
Strong anecdotal evidence shows that CBD oil has reduced the amount and duration of seizures in individuals suffering from epilepsy and other seizure disorders; however, CBD currently is banned for medical use at the federal level.
Ive been approached by many local families whose children suffer from severe epilepsy, said Rep. Perry. Through these accounts, I've learned that many people are considering geographically breaking up their families to move to states that allow CBD treatment.
The federal government shouldnt break up families who are just trying to help their children.
CBD oil offers great hope for relief; were I in a similar situation, Id want the same for my children. Their situations compelled me to act at the federal level
these kids and people like them deserve a chance at a healthy and productive life and our government shouldnt stand in the way.
CBD oil has the potential to relieve the pain of suffering families and save thousands of lives. Rep. Dold said. No family should be forced to suffer the loss of a child when life-saving relief has already been found.
This bill will ensure that not even one more kid suffers because the government is blocking access to this life-changing seizure prevention.
This legislation seeks to exclude CBD oil from the Banned Substances Act. CBD is extracted from a plant containing no more than .3% THC, which means it has no hallucinogenic effects.
We applaud Congressman Perry and his leadership in creating access to this treatment for Americans with epilepsy who have run out of options, said Philip M. Gattone, M.Ed., President &amp; CEO of the Epilepsy Foundation. As a parent of a child with epilepsy, I know how difficult it can be to stand by as your child has a seizure that you are helpless to stop. The Epilepsy Foundation has supported access to CBD oil
which is showing positive results for some patients. Access to a potential lifesaving treatment should not be determined or limited by zip code.
It is time for Congress to enact this sensible bill."
The legislation now moves to the House Energy and Commerce and Judiciary Committees. If voted out of committee, it then moves to the full House for consideration.
To learn more about Purple Day and efforts to raise awareness about epilepsy, please visit http://www.purpleday.org/index.html.
Residents are welcomed to contact Congressman Perry and his staff at any of his offices, or via Perry.House.Gov, where they can sign up for e-mail updates and for his Facebook, Twitter, Instagram and You Tube pages.
###
JOIN
ME
ON
Adams
County
Office
22
Chambersburg
Street
Gettysburg,
PA
17325
Phone:
717-338-1919
Fax:
717-334-6314
Cumberland/Dauphin
Counties
Office
730
North
Front
Street
Wormleysburg,
PA
17043
Phone:
717-635-9504
Fax:
717-635-9861
York
County
Office
2209
East
Market
Street
York,
PA
17402
Phone:
717-600-1919
Fax:
717-757-5001
Washington,
DC
Office
1207 Longworth HOB
Washington,
DC
20515
Phone:
202-225-5836
Fax:
202-226-1000
Sign
Up
for
the
Member's
Newsletter:
Subscribe
Unsubscribe
to
the
Member's
Newsletter:
Unsubscribe
Please
do
not
reply
to
this
email.
The
mailbox
is
unattended.
To
share
your
thoughts
please
visit
my
webpage
-
http://perry.house.gov
