
If you
are having trouble viewing this message or would like to share it on
a social network, you can
view the message online .
HOME
CONTACT US
CONSTITUENT SERVICES
ISSUES AND
LEGISLATION
April 26, 2015
EVENT: Upcoming Veterans Resource
Fair:
I am honored to host my fourth Veterans Resource
Fair on May 8th to assist and honor our area veterans!
If
you or someone in your family has served our great countryand
interested in what services are available to you, please join me in Topeka on
Friday, May 8th where you will be united with various Veteran Service
Providers to navigate the important services you have earned. To see
more information, register a booth or get in touch with my office
click here
and if you would like to download the flyer
for the event please
click here .
Congress First 100
Days:
The House finished its first 100 days last week, and in 100
days, the House passed dozens of bills to
support
energy independence ,
grow our economy ,
hold government accountable ,
a budget
that balances , and much more. I hope we can build off this
momentum and continue to listen to the priorities of the American
people.
This also includes
the bipartisan passage
of my bill to expand, modernize and strengthen 529 plans
with an
overwhelming 401 votes in support of the legislation. In January, the
president proposed taxing 529 college savings plans and taking that
money from hardworking families to pay for more government, but
Republicans and Democrats alike made clear that they support the plan and
quickly moved to protect 529s.
Since my time as a State Treasurer
in Kansas, 529 plans have been an issue close to my heart and I know
that 529s are a proven way of empowering hardworking American families
to achieve the dream that they have for their children.
I
couldnt be prouder of this legislation and believe there is a real chance
that the bill will make it to the Presidents desk and become law,
providing much needed support for folks who really need it.
To
watch my remarks on the first 100 days of the new Congress,
click here .
Improving Opportunity Through
Trade:
This past Thursday, the Ways and Means Committee,
of which I am a member, voted favorably to send the
Bipartisan
Congressional Trade Priorities and Accountability Act , to the full
House of Representatives. This bill,
introduced just
a couple of weeks ago , is already earning praise from both sides
of the aisle, editorial boards, manufacturers, and many members of the
Ag industry. To achieve a healthy economy and create better jobs for
Americans we must have fair and effective trade agreements. Trade
promotion is especially good for Kansas farmers, livestock producers and
manufacturers.
Last year Kansas exported more than $12
billion in Kansas-made products that support 400,000 jobs across the state.
That is more than 1 in 5 jobs that stem directly from trade in
Kansas. And of Kansas exports, 84% come from small and medium-sized
businesses.
Most importantly, this legislation will hold the
administration accountable to both Congress and to the American people, by
requiring that the full text of future trade agreements be posted on
the internet at least 60 days before the House of Representatives and
the Senate can vote on their approval.
This will allow the
American people and all members of Congress to read the entire negotiations.
This bill puts the people in the drivers seat, so that we always get
the final say on whether to implement a trade
agreement.
Promoting trade will create more opportunity and trade agreements can
stimulate rural communities where our strong work ethic allows us to
far out produce the number of consumers, empowering our farmers and
ranchers to tap fresh markets and create better jobs.
It is only by
working with other nations that we can unlock new markets for American
goods and create new opportunities for growth.
Enhancing American
Cybersecurity:
Americans face a growing digital threat from a new kind of criminals
who are stealing financial information, corporate data and security
data from individuals, companies and governments.
These criminals
are no longer just individuals sitting at home with a keyboard, many
of them are organized crime syndicates, terrorist groups and even
foreign governments.
This week the House passed two bills that will
do a lot to facilitate voluntary cooperation between the private
sector and the government to dramatically enhance our ability to fight back
against cyber-attacks and protect folks from this new online threat.
These bills will also help shield those people who aid in the effort
against cyberattacks from legal harm. To read more about the
legislation
click here .
Expanding Mental Health First Aid
Training:
Last week,
I introduced a bill to improve the
Mental Health First Aid Training program . This program has received
support from all around the county, including
from the
Bert Nash Community Mental Health Center
in
Lawrence.
Mental Health First Aid training is making a real difference in our
communities, and is legislation Im truly proud to champion. The
National Council for Behavioral Health also called the bill
critical to raising awareness of and increasing public education on
mental illness . Mental Health First Aid training has even been
called the equivalent of CPR for heart attack
victims .
I am passionate about this bill because of the impact
it can have on our communities. Mental health issues affect over 1 in
5 Americans and expanding Mental Health First Aid training has the
potential to save lives nationwide.
Meeting With The Kansas Chamber Of
Commerce:
Its always great to have the Kansas
Chamber visiting in DC. We had an good meeting this week discussing a wide
range of topics. Thanks to all the folks from the Chamber for stopping
by!
Catching Up With K-State:
It was fantastic
to see the President and other representatives from K-State, my alma
mater, in DC on Wednesday. We had a productive discussion about the
best ways to support NBAF, and also about the Wildcats football
prospects come August!
Washington, DC Office
1526 Longworth HOB
Washington, D.C.
20515
Phone: (202) 225-6601
Fax: (202) 225-7986
Pittsburg Office
1001 N.
Broadway Street #C
Pittsburg, KS
66762
Phone: (620) 231-LYNN (5966)
Fax: (620) 231-5972
Topeka Office
3550
SW 5th Street
Topeka, KS
66606
Phone: (785) 234-LYNN (5966)
Fax: (785) 234-5967
Independence Office
120 N. 6th Street
Independence, KS 67301
Phone: (620) 231-LYNN (5966)
Fax:
(620) 231-5972
Unsubscribe
|
Update My Profile
|
Privacy Policy
