
Happy Easter!
Helping our Farmers
In the past few weeks, we have seen an unprecedented amount of rain in the Coastal Bend region. While rain seems like it would be good for farming, we have simply had too much. I heard from many of our local farmers that the
water covering their fields was preventing them from being able to plant their crops.
Due to insurance policy regulations set by the U.S. Department of Agricultures Risk Management Agency (RMA),
planting deadlines for our farmers are fast approaching . Farmers risk facing penalties for every day they plant past the April 5 deadline.
On March 20, I met with a group of local farmers to discuss their options. With little help from the RMA to extend the April 5 deadline, I introduced the
Farmer Flexibility Act
(FFA).
This legislation would give farmers until May 1 to plant grain sorghum, corn, and cotton crops . This extension would allow for their fields to become dry enough to become workable.
Quite frankly, because Congress has returned home for a two week district work period without taking up the FFA, its unlikely that local farmers will get the relief they need this planting season. This situation has, however,
created an opportunity to work on a long term solution
to deal with extreme weather conditions and
one size fits all planting deadlines from Washington that fail to consider real world scenarios.
An Update on Nuclear Negotiations with Iran
After months of negotiations, a framework was released to the public regarding the future of Iran's nuclear program. Under the framework, Iran claims it will greatly reduce its nuclear stockpile; however,
Iran will still have nuclear enrichment capabilities.
I believe this is a bad deal for America and our allies, especially Israel.
The goal should be to prevent Iran from ever acquiring nuclear weapons. As Congress debates further actions on Iran, I will continue to push for a solution that promotes both peace and stability in the region.
Coastal Bend to D.C.
Last week the Corpus Christi Chamber of Commerce held their annual Coastal Bend to D.C. trip. I had the pleasure of hosting the group during their time in Washington. This trip allowed a chance for the Chamber to advocate for the area.
During the trip, the group not only met with my staff and me, but also with other U.S. Representatives including Representatives Brian Babin (TX-36), Kevin Brady (TX-08), Henry Cuellar (TX-28), Chairman of the House Transportation and Infrastructure Committee, Bill Shuster (PA-09), and House Armed Services Committee Chairman, Mac Thornberry (TX-13), as well as Pentagon officials. We discussed transportation, defense, the budget negotiations, Iran, and other important issues to the Coastal Bend.
The Joint Session with President Ghani
On March 25, the President of Afghanistan, Ashraf Ghani, spoke before a joint session of Congress to provide an update on the progress of his nation.
The purpose of his visit highlighted
the need to reflect on the mistakes made in Iraq by withdrawing
U.S. troops too quickly.
President Ghani reinforced his commitment to place Afghanistan on solid footing and remove the influence of terrorist organizations in his country.
His speech could not have come at a more appropriate time.
Bad foreign policy by the Obama administration has arguably led to the rise of ISIS.
With recent unrest in Yemen as well as nuclear negotiations with Iran by the Administration that are likely to be a bad deal, the U.S. needs strong allies in the Middle East.
On the same day, the House passed a budget resolution that proposes $96 billion for military spending and $73.5 billion for Overseas Contingency Operations to combat ISIS.
In February, President Obama sent draft language to Congress asking for authorization for use of military force against ISIS. The Presidents draft language places undue restrictions on our military, and to win,
Congress must pass an authorization that allows our military to do whatever it takes to defeat these terrorists.
Ultimately, it is my prayer that we are able to stop ISIS without taking America into a prolonged ground war and that airstrikes and military action by our allies in the region will be successful.
Yesterday, I introduced the Farmer Flexibility Act to help our local farmers avoid planting deadline penalties.
http://on.fb.me/19PWl1o
25 Mar 2013
Its Obamacares birthday and all America got was more debt, a failed website and cuts to Medicare advantage benefits
23 Mar 2013
At Leadership Corpus Christi Roast of Al Jones.
This afternoon I filled out my Sweet 16 family bracket. Its tough not to pick Kentucky, who yall got?
Finally no snow in DC. View of Library of Congress crop Capitol steps.
My American Eagle CRJ from Corpus Christi to D/FW appears to have been a United Express jet in another life not that long ago.
CONNECT
IN THE NEWS
Farenthold proposes extending planting season
Caller Times
Farenthold Introduces The Farmer Flexibility Act
KIII TV
A bunch of US Congress members are wonking out with the nerds at SXSW
Quartz
Republicans rally around FCC transparency
Politico
Rep. Farenthold: Hillary May Regret Saying 'All' Email Released
Newsmax
SNAPSHOTS
4/2- Got a behind the scenes look at Victoria Colleges new Emerging Technology Center, slated to open this May. The state of the art Center which can accommodate 500 plus people will act as both a training and meeting center for Victoria and the entire region.
4/2-
I attended the Mayor of Corpus Christi's Interagency breakfast. We talked about supporting our bases, NASCC, CCAD and NAS Kingsville and how vital they are to our region and the Nation. I explained that the budget I voted for that passed the House last week improves the resources available to support the training and repair missions at out bases and to provide for the national defense in these dangerous times.
4/1- April 1 was the final meeting for Post Commander, Mr. Pablo Garza of American Legion Post 364. He is stepping down next month after 15 years of service. I would like to personally thank Commander Pablo Garza and all the members of Post 364 for your service to the community.
4/1- 10 straight years as champs is impressive! Congrats to the Calhoun High School Girl's Powerlifting Team for their 10th State championship.
3/31 - I visited and toured the 87 acre, Cleburne, Texas repair facility operated by Greenbrier Companies. Greenbrier is busy retrofitting rail tanker cars to make transporting crude and other liquids safer. Great work y'all.
3/28 - Del Mar College conducted a free Veterans Basic Computer Seminar to train Senior Veterans and their family members computer basics, including how to login and use VA websites. I wanted to give a special thanks to Dotson Lewis, who organized this class and worked on getting a grant to pay for the course. Thank you Del Mar College for your support for our Veteran community!
3/27 - Jason's Deli in Corpus Christi celebrated their 20th Anniversary. The Hispanic Chamber of Commerce hosted an event to celebrate.
3/27- It was Vietnam Veterans Day in Nueces County. The County held a ceremony at the Vietnam Memorial honoring all of our Vietnam Veterans led by County Judge Lloyd Neal, which included a performance from the Corpus Christi Veterans Band.
3/26- The Louise-Hillje Chamber of Commerce recognized Amy McCown as Educator of the Year, and Jesse Mae Gonzalez as Citizen of the Year, at their 56th Annual Banquet.
3/26- The Wharton County Law Enforcement 100 Club held their spaghetti cook off.
3/26- The Director of the Texas Valley Coastal Bend VA Healthcare System held his quarterly Management Advisory Council Meeting where he spoke about important updates to the VA ChoiceCard program, which makes it easier for Vets to receive the care they need when the VA is backlogged.
3/26- Congrats to the seven Teachers from Gregory-Portland ISD who were honored as Campus Teacher of the Year.
High School - Shelly Pyatte
Jr. High School - Autumn Long
Stephen F. Austin Elementary - Julie Abraham
Clark Elementary - Jamie Williams
East Cliff Elementary - Cassandra Smith
W. C. Andrews Elementary - Claudia Arroyo
Intermediate School - Monica Johnson
3/24- A Port Aransas delegation met with our state representatives to advocate for the community. The delegation was recognized on the floor of both the House and Senate. Great work y'all.
WEBSITE
|
UNSUBSCRIBE
|
CONTACT
Click Here Click Here