
If you
are having trouble viewing this message or would like to share it on a
social network, you can
view the message online .
HOME
ABOUT
STEVE
SERVICES
3RD DISTRICT
ISSUES &amp; LEGISLATION
NEWSROOM
March 27, 2015
Harrison Town
Hall
Wednesday, April 1, 2015
5:00-6:30PM CDT
Durand
Center
303 North Main Street
Harrison, AR
72601
Springdale Town
Hall
Thursday, April 2, 2015
5:30-7:00PM
CDT
Jones Center Chapel
922 East Emma Avenue
Springdale, AR
72764
Questions?
Call my
office!
WEEK IN
REVIEW
This week was a busy one
in Washington! I would like that thank all of the Arkansans who were
a part of it by visiting my office during their visits to our nations
capital, including Patti Priest of Bentonville, the U of A Graduate
Student Congress, Samantha Linderman of Lowell, the Arkansas Podiatric
Medical Association, the Defries family of Rogers, Kim and Sarah Glenn
of Springdale, the Arkansas Bankers Association, Sara White of
Fayetteville, the Arkansas Cattlemen, Greg and Stacey Smith of Jonesboro,
the Arkansas Arts Advocates, the Fulcher family of Rogers, the Arkansas
Alzheimers Association, the Bruns family of Springdale, the Arkansas
Humanities Council, the Sell family of Rogers, the Lighthouse Baptist
Church of Fayetteville, the Ohm family of Rogers, Arkansas H&amp;R
Block, Dr. and Mrs. Ciesla of Fort Smith, the Victory Temple Church of
Fort Smith, the Moyes family of Bentonville, Arkansas JDRF, Marilynn
Frazier of Fort Smith, Disability Rights Arkansas, Dana Williams of Bee
Branch, Jill Clogston of Jonesboro, Mark Cameron of Fayetteville, the
Parkinson Action Network of Arkansas, Bill Shelly of Stuttgart, the
Turner family of Fayetteville, Entergy Arkansas Customer Support Manager
Larry Shields, the Wiggins family of Siloam Springs, Food Bank of
North Central Arkansas Executive Director Jeff Quick, the Stewart family
of Rogers, ARVAC, Nancy Monsue of Hamburg, Tyson Foods, the Sheets
family of Garfield, the UofA Center for Excellence in Developmental
Disabilities, and the Marsiglio family of Rogers. Safe travels back to
Arkansas!
On
Wednesday, Congress was honored with an address from His Excellency
Mohammad Ashraf Ghani, President of the Islamic Republic of Afghanistan,
during a joint session of Congress. In his speech, President Ghani
reminded us that freedom is in fact not free, and I appreciated his
humbling gratitude for the sacrifices we have already made and the American
lives we have already lost. They are too great to turn our back on
a free Afghanistan. We must continue to provide Afghanistan the
support it needs to continue its fight against radical Islam and for a
unified government and humanitarian reform. I am encouraged that
President Obama has agreed to maintain current troop levels in
Afghanistan this year. As we look towards 2016, I hope drawdown
decisions will continue to be based on need, rather than
deadlines.
On Wednesday
afternoon, the House passed A Balanced Budget for a Stronger America
( H.Con.Res.
27 ), the House Budget Committees fiscal year 2016 budget which sets
forth appropriate budgetary levels for fiscal years 2017 through 2025,
by a vote of 228-199. ( Roll Call #142 ) The budget achieves balance by
2024 without raising taxes, reducing total spending by $5.5 trillion over
the next ten years without raising taxes. Moreover, the resolution
calls upon Congress to pass a balanced-budget amendment to the
Constitution. The budget also calls for a fairer and simpler tax code, repeals
Obamacare
including all of its taxes, regulations and mandates,
protects Medicare from insolvency by establishing a premium support
approach starting in 2024 that allows retirees to choose between private
plans competing alongside traditional Medicare, provides for a strong
national defense, cuts waste and corporate welfare while improving
accountability. ( Read more
here ! )
One of our most fundamental congressional duties is passing a
budget for a governing majority, and I am especially proud to have
supported the passage of this Balanced Budget for a Stronger
America. This budget provides an essential roadmap to lead America off our
fiscally-reckless path, and I applaud its
passage.
On Thursday,
the House passed
H.R.
2 , the Medicare Access and CHIP Reauthorization
Act of 2015, by a vote of 392-37. ( Roll Call #144 ) Amongst other things, H.R.
2 repeals the Medicare Sustainable Growth Rate (SGR), replaces it with
a formula that returns stability to Medicare physician payments,
strengthens Medicares ability to fight fraud, provides funding for
community health centers and the Childrens Health Insurance Program (CHIP)
through fiscal year 2017, and makes real, structural reforms to
entitlement programs. Over the last 12 years, Congress has kicked the
SGR-can down the road 17 times by passing short-sighted and costly patches
to this long-term problem. That changed on Thursday, and I was proud to
support this permanent, bipartisan solution that provides certainty
and security for our seniors and the physicians that take care of them
and improves Medicare in the process by making the first real,
structural reforms to entitlement programs since welfare reform, all without
increasing taxes.
During the next two weeks, the House will be in a district
work period. I hope to see you at one of my many public events! Be sure
to keep an eye on
my
calendar
and
my facebook page
to find out where I will
be!
From the Front...
Congressman Steve
Womack
Arkansas Third District
There
are many challenges facing our nation; challenges that must be addressed
sooner rather than later. House Republicans are working every day to
advance real solutions to these challenges. I am hosting town halls
across the Third District, so I can hear what's most important to you
and bring that message back with me to Washington. Armed with your
feedback and ideas, we will continue to fight for the American people by
passing thoughtful, innovative, and commonsense solutions to that lead
to greater freedom and opportunity for you. I hope you will take a
moment to take this quick survey, so I can be sure to talk about the
issues you feel are most pressing. Creating jobs and building a healthy economy Reducing spending and the size of
government Establishing a
fairer, simpler tax code Protecting Americans at home and abroad Reforming our broken immigration
system Addressing the problems within
our health care system Strengthening Americas schools Fighting climate change Other *By answering this survey, you are subscribing to
my newsletter. If you are having trouble, click
here.
Washington, DC
1119 Longworth HOB |
Washington, DC 20515 |
(202)
225-4301 tel |
(202) 225-5713
fax
Fort Smith
423 North 6th Street
Fort Smith, AR 72902
(479) 424-1146 tel
(479)
424-2737 fax
Harrison
303 N. Main
Street,
Suite 102
Harrison, AR 72601
(870) 741-6900 tel
(870)
741-7741 fax
Rogers Office
3333 Pinnacle Hills,
Suite 120
Rogers,
AR 72758
(479) 464-0446
tel (479) 464-0063
fax
Unsubscribe
|
Update My Profile
|
Privacy Policy
gateway mail end 