
Babin Bulletin | April 12, 2015
Click here
if you have trouble viewing this email
Babin: It's Time to Rein in the IRS
As we approach this years tax filing deadline on April 15th, hardworking Texans are once again being subjected to an overly burdensome and inefficient federal tax system. As a new member of Congress, I am deeply troubled by both the current state of our federal tax code and the lack of transparency and accountability displayed by those who enforce it
the IRS. To read my recent editorial on this important topic in The Orange Leader, please
click here .
Babin Addresses Pasadena Kiwanis Club
It was an honor to serve as this year's keynote speaker for the Pasadena Kiwanis Club's 32nd Annual Mayor's Prayer Breakfast. During the address, I highlighted my strong support for NASA's Johnson Space Center and advancing our human space flight program. My focus as member of the House Science Committee is to return human space flight as NASAs top priority. NASAs attention has been diverted toward a host of other competing priorities over the last several years. I think it is long past due that we return NASAs focus to what their mission was originally and that was human space flight and exploration. Check out The Pasadena Citizen's coverage of the event by
clicking
here .
Loretta Lynch is Unfit to Serve as Attorney General
I recently joined seven of my House colleagues in writing a joint op-ed in the National Review about why the Senate must reject Loretta Lynchs nomination as Attorney General. As members of the House, we are well aware that the responsibility to vet nominees for the office of attorney general rests with the Senate. But we believe the confirmation of Ms. Lynch would be a vote in support of President Obamas assault against the Constitution and the lawlessness of his administration. We expect the nations top law-enforcement officer to be committed to the rule of law and we cannot be certain that Ms. Lynch has such a commitment. Ms. Lynchs answers to questions during her confirmation hearing made it clear that, like Holder, she would do nothing to rein in the presidents usurpation of the powers of Congress or confront wanton disregard of the Constitution. Read the entire op-ed by
clicking here .
Tyler County Dogwood Festival Parade
I had the honor of serving as this year's Parade Marshall in the Tyler County Dogwood Festival Parade. It was truly a special experience as I was able to share this moment with my grandkids. Thank you to all those who helped make this year's festival such a success.
Babin in the News
15 House Republicans urge
House to block funds for
Obama's immigration orders
(The Hill)
Making space history
(The Examiner)
Eight Reps. Ask Senate to
Reject Loretta Lynch as
Attorney General
(Breitbart)
Babin Wishes NASA Astronaut
Scott Kelly the Best as he
Embarks on Historic Year-Long Space Mission
(The Vindicator)
Snap-shots from the Week
Enjoyed visiting the Wilcox Pharmacy in Winnie, Texas, and meeting store owner, Dr. Andy Wilcox, and some of his customers.
Had the pleasure of attending Baytown Mayor Stephen DonCarlos' State of the City address. Thank you to the Baytown Chamber of Commerce for hosting this great event.
I recently had the honor of recognizing Woodville's Alex Gazzaway on his promotion to Lt. Colonel in the United States Air Force. Congratulations to Lt. Col. Gazzaway and his entire family for this tremendous and well-deserved achievement. We appreciate your commitment and service to our nation.
Forward to a Friend
|
Share on Facebook
|
Share on Twitter
UPDATE SUBSCRIPTION OPTIONS
|
PRIVACY POLICY
|
CONTACT US
Click Here Click Here