
If you are having trouble viewing
this message or would like to share it on a social network, you can
view the message
online .
Home
Contact Me
About
Services
News
Issues
April 04, 2015
Dear David,
I wish you the best with
family and friends over the Easter and Passover weekend. I took part in an
annual event last week in Washington when I played in the
Congressional Hockey Challenge to raise funds for a number of charities. It was a
battle of Lawmakers vs. Lobbyists and at the end of the day, the
lawmakers came out on top, 3-2. Check out an article on the game in
Roll Call newspaper
where I let them in on the secret
weapon for the lawmakers team, Led Zeppelin in the locker
room!
The House tackled several important
issues recently, including passing an annual budget. The budget process is
important because it not only establishes priorities for
federal spending, but I believe it's critical to fixing our budget
deficit and the increasing national debt. You deserve a government
that spends its money as wisely as you do, and that means ensuring that
Washington lives within its means so we are back on a path to fiscal
responsibility. The House passed - and I voted for - a budget that
actually balances, enacts tax reform for a healthier economy, and puts us on
a path to actually pay down the more than $18 trillion national debt.
In contrast, the President's proposed budget never balances, ever.
And that's even with his proposed $1.9 trillion in new
taxes.
Have a great week and if I can be
of help to you or your family, please give my office a call. Join the
conversation online by visiting my
website ,
Facebook page ,
Twitter , and make sure to watch my most recent video,
Erik's Correspondence Corner .
Sincerely,
Erik Paulsen
Member of Congress
Bipartisan Support Putting Medicare
on Sounder Financial Footing
Last week, the
House overwhelmingly passed commonsense legislation to permanently fix the
Medicare payment formula for doctors, strengthen Medicare for seniors, and
save money for taxpayers. This is notable because it involved actual
problem-solving by members of both parties -- finally replacing
one of Washington's most infamous budget gimmicks (the Sustainable
Growth Rate) with a more stable system that ensures seniors have access to
the doctors and quality care they need. Eliminating these short-term
fixes and embracing long-term solutions is exactly what Congress
should be doing, and it was gratifying to see this effort come
together.
Major reforms include how physicians and other providers are
paid so they are reimbursed on the basis of quality measures and
coordinated care for patients, rather than just the number of procedures
they perform. In other words, value over volume and quality over
quantity. It also puts in place the first real, structural Medicare reform in
nearly 20 years so the program will be on more sound financial
footing and produce significant savings for
taxpayers.
Family Health Care Flexibility Act
Health Savings and Flexible
Spending Accounts (HSAs and FSAs) put power in the hands of patients by
letting them make their own decisions when it comes to health care.
However, under the President's new health care law, patients are actually
prohibited from using HSAs and FSAs to purchase simple,
over-the-counter medicine unless they first get a doctor's prescription. It is
wrong and ridiculous that a parent wanting to use their own
health care dollars to purchase Claritin, Tylenol, or Advil for their
children would need to first visit a doctor to get a prescription to
purchase these over-the-counter medicines.
That's why Ive introduced legislation, the
Family Health Care
Flexibility Act , to
restore your ability to use your HSA or FSA funds to purchase
over-the-counter medications without a doctor's prescription.
We should empower patients to make their own decisions when it comes to their
care instead of a centralized, one-size-fits-all government system. I
will continue advocating for patient-centered health care solutions that
increase quality, lower costs, and provide patients with greater
value and more
choices.
Protecting Health Care for our Veterans
Recent changes by the Department of Defense (DoD)
to TRICARE have put thousands of Minnesota veterans in a bind by
raising their health care costs. The change by DoD made any veteran that
lives over 100 miles from an active military facility ineligible to
remain in the popular TRICARE Prime program. Because of this change,
thousands of Minnesota veterans have seen their out-of-pocket costs
increase. I've co-authored legislation, the
Keep the Faith with TRICARE
Prime Act , to allow for a one-time opportunity for veterans removed
from the TRICARE Prime program to re-enroll. Our veterans served our
country with honor and it's important to keep the promises that were
made to them.
Erik joins Minnesota's Tom Emmer and colleagues to play in the
Congressional Hockey
Challenge.
Congressman Paulsen joined House
Majority Leader Kevin McCarthy at the Bardo Museum in Tunisia, sight of the
recent terrorist attack by
ISIS.
Erik met with members
of the Alzheimer's Association on their visit to
Washington.
###
Unsubscribe
|
Update My Profile
|
Privacy Policy
gateway mail end
