
Rick's Weekly Report
To sign up click
HERE
Friend,
I believe a balanced budget is the first step towards restoring fiscal responsibility in Washington and putting our country on the right track. Thats why one of my first acts in Congress was to cosponsor a balanced budget amendment to our Constitution, and thats why
this week I supported the House Republican budget resolution .
Our plan balances the budget in less than 10 years without a single tax increase
while cutting $5.5 trillion in government spending.
Unlike the President's plan, which
never
balances despite $2.2 trillion in tax increases, our budget puts us on a responsible path to pay off our debt. It promotes a healthy economy through a full repeal of ObamaCare and a simpler, fairer tax code. It also bolsters defense spending to train and equip our military and protect national defense. With the great economic challenges our nation faces, this is a budget that moves our country in the right direction and builds a stronger economy that empowers the American people instead of Washington, D.C. Learn more about our plan
HERE .
This week, the House also passed bipartisan legislation to strengthen Medicare for our nation's seniors and implement a permanent fix for the Sustainable Growth Rate (SGR) . I was pleased to support these reforms that ensure seniors have access to affordable, high-quality care and provide certainty for their doctors. Notably, this legislation provides reforms with no new tax hikes and will actually reduce our deficit in the long-term.
Robin and I also had the privilege this week of attending a ceremony in the U.S. Capitol to award the Congressional Gold Medal to Jack Nicklaus - a legend in the game of golf and in Augusta. It was very special to celebrate his contributions to sports, philanthropy and many of his most memorable moments playing in the Masters.
Congressman Allen (right) and Mrs. Robin Allen (left) visit with Jack Nicklaus in the U.S. Capitol following the Congressional Gold Medal ceremony.
As the House goes into its upcoming district work period, I'm looking forward to spending the next two weeks in the 12th district and speaking with many of you about ways we can continue to work to move our country forward.
Sincerely,
Rick Allen
Member of Congress
WEBSITE
|
UNSUBSCRIBE
|
CONTACT
Click Here Click Here