
Monday Apr. 27, 2015
WEBSITE
|
FORWARD TO A FRIEND
| SHARE ON:
Welcome to the fourth issue of my e-newsletter. I believe strongly that it is my responsibility as your Representative in Congress to keep you closely informed of my work on your behalf, and I thank you for signing up for these regular updates
First, I want to start by telling you that I have continued to work to reform Congress by introducing my first piece of legislation, the
"No Golden Parachutes for Public Service Act".
This bill bans members of Congress from becoming lobbyists after leaving office, finally closing the revolving door between Congress and special interest groups and ensuring that politicians focus on representing the people instead of catering to lobbying groups who offer a lucrative post-electoral career.
I also formally opened our Cedar Valley District Office and want to thank everyone who came out to join us!
Here are some recent highlights of my work in Iowa and Washington:
In Iowa:
I had the chance to visit Geater Manufacturing in Independence to talk with employees about creating certainty for businesses and raising the wages of working Iowans.
I stopped by North Fayette Valley High School to talk about economics and the work world with the impressive senior class.
I also visited the Cedar Valley Hospice in Waterloo to meet with the hard working staff and visit with seniors.
In Washington:
In addition to continuing my work to reform Congress I also introduced the
bipartisan Fuel Choice and Deregulation Act . Our bill is the House version of a Senate bill introduced by Senators Chuck Grassley and Rand Paul. This bill would remove the burdensome restrictions placed on the ethanol marketplace by the Environmental Protection Agency (EPA) and allow for fair market access year round.
I also led a bipartisan letter from the freshman class to Speaker Boehner
urging him to bring the Research &amp; Development tax credit to the House Floor for a vote
as soon as possible.
H.R. 880
permanently extends and simplifies the calculations for the Research &amp; Development Tax Credit. By incentivizing innovation, companies can continue to create high paying, skilled jobs that will create the future of technology.
Finally, I was proud to vote for the
complete repeal of the Death Tax, which passed the House last week.
Americans are already taxed TO death and I dont think they should be taxed IN death as well.
It is an honor to continue to serve you as your Representative in Congress!
All the best,
Rod
CONNECT
LATEST NEWS
Waterloo/Cedar Falls Courier: Blum Focuses On Business Certainty at Geater Manufacturing Stop
The Washington Examiner: Republican Congressman Rod Blum Proposes Lifetime Lobbying Ban For Ex-Lawmakers
Rep Blum Introduces Bipartisan Fuel Choice And Deregulation Act
Rep Blum Introduces Lifetime Ban On Lobbying For Members Of Congress
Shopfloor: Support For Permanent R&amp;D Credit Growing
National Corn Growers Association: NCGA Applauds Introduction Of Fuel Choice And Deregulation Act In House
NOTE: Please DO NOT respond to this email as this inbox is unattended. To contact my office please
click here
UPDATE SUBSCRIPTION OPTIONS
|
PRIVACY POLICY
|
CONTACT US
Click Here Click Here