
AN UPDATE FROM
CONGRESSWOMAN ROYBAL-ALLARD
Dear Friend,
In January, I was sworn in for a new term as the Congresswoman for Californias 40th District.
Thank you for the honor of representing you in the House of Representatives.
I look forward to serving you as the 114th Congress continues.
Named as Ranking Member on House Homeland Security Appropriations Subcommittee:
I was honored to be selected by my colleagues as the Ranking Democrat on the House Homeland Security Appropriations Subcommittee.
My priority will be to ensure that our Department of Homeland Security has the resources it needs to protect our country, and that it does so in a way that reflects our American values.
My Recent Work in Review:
Here are some of the highlights of my work during the first months of 2015.
I hope you find this informative, and I look forward to seeing you in the 40th District or in Washington, DC.
At Work in Los Angeles:
I celebrated the permanent closure of Vernons Exide Technologies lead-acid battery recycling plant.
This was a landmark public health victory for the 40th District.
I have been greatly concerned about the health hazards that the Exide plant poses to my constituents, and have been a vocal supporter of the plants closure.
I led 14 members of the L.A. Congressional Delegation in sending a letter urging my fellow House appropriators to provide at least $122 million to the U.S. Army Corps of Engineers in Fiscal Year 2016 for Aquatic Ecosystem Restoration studies, including one related to the L.A. River.
While the initial River revitalization effort mainly concerns stretches of the River north of downtown L.A., I will continue to push for a revitalization plan that includes every community along the Rivers 51-mile course, particularly our Southeast cities.
I had a productive meeting with Mayor Eric Garcetti and other local leaders to strategize about how to help South L.A. meet its SLATE-Z (South Los Angeles Transit Empowerment Zone) application goals and be designated as a Promise Zone by President Obama.
The federal government partners with leaders in these zones to help to create jobs, reduce crime, and foster new economic and educational opportunities.
I discussed the needs of L.A. workers with many local labor officials, including L.A. County Federation of Labor Executive Secretary-Treasurer Rusty Hicks and American Federation of Government Employees (AFGE) Local 505 President Lela Hill.
I was joined by LA County Supervisor Hilda Solis for my second Latina Business Roundtable.
We were glad to hear the views of the many successful Latina businesswomen in attendance.
My district staff and I helped to paint murals at South Los Angeles Diego Rivera Learning Complex as participants in City Years Martin Luther King Jr. Day of Service effort to beautify the school.
City Year made this their Day of Service project after I recommended that the school needed some color.
Following the court ruling in Texas which temporarily blocked President Obamas immigration executive actions to expand DACA and institute the DAPA program, I expressed my support for the Presidents actions at a press conference held by the Coalition for Humane Immigrant Rights of Los Angeles (CHIRLA).
I encouraged everyone who thinks they may be eligible for either the expanded DACA or DAPA to continue gathering their documents to prove their eligibility for when applications become available.
I took part in the groundbreaking ceremony for Maywoods South Region High School #8, which will relieve the overcrowding at Bell High School.
I visited Lucille Roybal-Allard Elementary in Huntington Park to answer some very insightful questions from officers of the Associated Student Body and from 5th and 6th grade students.
I met with United Way of Greater Los Angeles leadership to discuss the progress of their Creating Pathways Out of Poverty Plan.
I visited California State University, Los Angeles (my alma mater), and East Los Angeles College to meet with CSULA President William Covino and ELAC President Marvin Martinez.
I joined many public officials and students from Ellen Ochoa Learning Center at the groundbreaking for Cudahy's Clara Street Sports Park Expansion Project.
I was humbled to receive the Empowerment Award at AltaMed's Women's Health Policy Forum, in recognition of my efforts to empower our local communities and help them engage with issues of social justice.
At Work in Washington, DC, and Around the Country:
As the new Ranking Democrat on the House Homeland Security Appropriations Committee, I questioned Homeland Security Secretary Jeh Johnson about his efforts to improve cybersecurity in the private sector, the governments treatment of unaccompanied migrant children who cross our borders, and recent revisions to immigration enforcement policy.
I asked Secret Service Director Joseph Clancy about efforts to improve the behavior of agents in light of reports of agent misconduct.
Additionally, I spoke to Transportation Security Acting Administrator Melvin Carraway about the safety of our nation's airline travelers.
I also helped lead the fight to pass a clean Homeland Security Appropriations bill for Fiscal Year 2015.
In February, I joined Congresswoman Nita Lowey in introducing H.R. 861, a clean and bipartisan Homeland Security funding bill.
Every House Democrat signed on to our bill.
In March, House Republicans finally brought up a clean Homeland Security bill, free of anti-immigrant riders.
I was pleased to join all Democrats and a minority of Republicans to pass this bill.
I introduced the Achievement Through Technology and Innovation (ATTAIN) Act of 2015, which will prepare students for the modern workforce, bolster their overall academic performance, and encourage their teachers to better use the education technology tools available to them.
I introduced legislation to reauthorize my Sober Truth on Preventing (STOP) Underage Drinking Act, which has helped to reduce Americas underage drinking rate.
My reauthorization bill will continue and enhance the policies in the original STOP Act, while also adding new prevention, screening, and intervention provisions.
I took part in many hearings as a member of the House Labor-Health and Human Services-Education Appropriations Subcommittee.
I asked HHS Secretary Sylvia Burwell about the future of programs to make America's workforce more diverse, and about the reported overuse of medications used to treat foster children with behavioral problems.
I also spoke with Education Secretary Arne Duncan about our shared support for promoting digital learning for students, and about the damaging impact of the House's recent effort to allow states to shift funds from high-poverty schools to wealthier schools.
And I questioned Centers for Disease Control and Prevention officials about how the government can promote the importance of vaccinations.
At the beginning of this Congress, I was named a member of the House Energy and Water Appropriations Subcommittee.
In this new position, I questioned Energy Secretary Ernest Moniz about whether 40th District communities are receiving adequate funding from Weather Assistance Program grants, which enable low-income families to pay for home improvements which will make their homes more energy-efficient and reduce their energy bills.
I also asked witnesses from the National Nuclear Security Administration about their funding needs for nuclear smuggling detection.
I voted against the House Republican budget, which will make life more difficult for hardworking American families. Instead of supporting this irresponsible, job-killing budget, I voted in support of the House Democrats alternative budget, which will help families send their children to college, own a home, and save for a secure retirement.
I welcomed Los Angeles Mayor Eric Garcetti, Downey Mayor Luis Marquez, and Paramount Mayor Diane J. Martinez to my DC office.
We discussed many issues of importance to the 40th District and the greater Los Angeles area.
I was one of the Members of Congress selected to serve on the newly formed Democratic Outreach and Engagement Task Force.
Our task force will play an important role in efforts to inform voters about how actions politicians take in Washington affect the daily lives of every single American.
I joined many of my fellow Members of Congress on the Faith &amp; Politics Institute's Congressional Civil Rights Pilgrimage to Selma, Alabama, to mark the 50th anniversary of the Selma marches for voting rights.
I co-sponsored a Capitol Hill briefing with People for the Ethical Treatment of Animals (PETA) to discuss the importance of ending the National Institutes of Health's psychological experiments on monkeys.
I taped a video message congratulating Job Corps on its 50th anniversary. I've been especially impressed with the work of L.A. Job Corps, which, under the leadership of Faye Washington, has helped thousands of young adults to reach their educational goals and become valued members of their communities.
Sincerely,
Washington, DC Office
2330 Rayburn HOB
Washington, DC 20515
Phone: (202) 225-1766
Fax: (202) 226-0350
District Office
500 Citadel Drive, Suite 320
Commerce, CA 90040
Phone: (323) 721-8790
Fax: (323) 721-8789
WEBSITE
|
UNSUBSCRIBE
|
CONTACT
Click Here Click Here