
NOTE: Please DO NOT respond to this email as this inbox is unattended. To contact my office please
click here
ABOUT
SERVICES
ISSUES &amp; LEGISLATION
MEDIA CENTER
RESOURCES
CONTACT
ESPAOL
For Immediate Release
Contact: Nelly Decker
Thursday, April 30, 2015
(202) 225-9897
Rep. Veasey Statement on Congressional Republican Budget
Veasey Votes Against FY2016 Republican Budget Conference Plan, S. Con. Res. 11
Washington, D.C.
Congressman Marc Veasey, TX-33, released the following statement after voting against the FY 2016 Republican Budget Conference Plan, S. Con. Res. 11:
I was proud to vote against the partisan Republican Conference Report that I think should be more accurately called The Work Harder, Get Less budget. This irresponsible budget agreement between House and Senate Republicans raises taxes on the middle class to pay for tax cuts for the most elite millionaires and
billionaires,
while doing nothing to create jobs for everyday working families.
Republicans have still not given up on their fixation with taking health insurance away from more than sixteen million Americans by again calling for the repeal the Affordable Care Act (ACA). This budget framework also cuts Medicare for our seniors by $431 billion, and Medicaid for our most vulnerable by half a trillion dollars over the next ten years. Attempting to balance our budget on the backs of our nations children, poor, elderly, and disabled citizens while lavishing tax cuts on the rich is unconscionable. The Republican Budget agreement would also take food out of the mouths of our most needy by including nearly $300 billion in cuts to Supplemental Nutrition Assistance Program (SNAP) over the same time period.
The values and ideals expressed in this budget are vastly contrary to the needs of the residents I represent, who only want to make it easier to send their children to college, have their roads fixed, have food on the table, and pay their rent. All Americans deserve a real shot at achieving the American Dream.
###
NOTE: Please DO NOT respond to this email as this inbox is unattended. To contact my office please
click here
UNSUBSCRIBE
|
PRIVACY POLICY
|
CONTACT US
Click Here Click Here