
If you are having trouble viewing this message or would like to
share it on a social network, you can
view the message online .
Home
|
About
|
How Can I Help?
|
Media
|
Issues
|
The 6th
District
No Building, No
Bonuses
Dear Friends:
Last week I wrote to you asking for your input on
how to fix the failures at Aurora VA hospital. Hundreds of you responded
and this week I introduced a bill that includes many of your
suggestions. Senator Cory Gardner has introduced an identical bill in the U.S.
Senate.
In addition to raising the spending cap on the hospital so it can be
completed, my legislation includes serious reforms and accountability
measures to ensure we hold those accountable responsible and ensure
this never happens again.
First and foremost on reform, the bill I introduced
makes sure this never happens again by stripping the VA from having any
authority to ever manage another major construction project again. Under
my legislation the U.S. Army Corps of Engineers will manage all
future VA hospital projects. Building large-scale projects on time and
within budget is their core competency. It is clearly not for the
VA.
Secondly, my
bill is deficit-neutral by prohibiting VA bonus payments until the
Aurora VA hospital is fully operational. Currently the VA is authorized
to spend $360 million a year on bonuses and in the 2 1/2 years it will
likely take to finish the Aurora hospital, the bonus funds can cover
the entire shortfall that exists due to cost overruns. This provision
protects taxpayers and focuses the VAs mission on where it should
always be
veterans, not itself.
Bonus payments have driven a culture of
corruption at the VA, with VA officials found cooking the books on appointment
wait times in order to get cash bonuses. Bonus reform is important for
cleaning up the VA beyond just the Aurora
hospital.
Thirdly, my bill seeks to hold
those responsible for the Aurora VA hospital mess accountable. It would
require a Government Accountability Office investigation that looks
at whether criminal conduct was involved in the billion dollar cost
overrun, in addition to when the VA leadership knew about the exploding
costs and why they didnt tell Congress about
it.
The VA official in charge of
construction, who was allowed to retire this week with a full pension
and nearly $64,000 in bonus payments still in his possession, testified
to my subcommittee last year in Denver that the hospital could be
completed by this spring and cost only $600
million.
When the VA knew that was a
lie and why they kept lying to Congress and the American people about
it is an important question that needs to be
answered.
We need to get this
hospital built. The men and women who sacrificed so much in defense of our
country deserve the state-of-the-art care it will
provide.
But we also need
accountability for the taxpayers who are footing the bill and the veterans who
have been waiting years for it to
open.
The legislation Senator Gardner and I
have introduced will do exactly
that.
Will you stand with us in making that
happen?
Sincerely,
Mike Coffman
U.S. Representative
If you would like to sign up to receive regular
email updates from Mike, please visit
this
link
$ 18,159,336,3274,246
Share on Facebook
Share on
Twitter
Share on LinkedIn
Rep. Coffman:
Cancel VA Bonuses, Use Them For Denver
Hospital
By: Dan Elliott
CBS:Denver
Published March 26, 2015
Congress should cancel all VA employee bonuses and use the money to
finish the budget-busting Denver veterans hospital, Colorado
Rep.
Mike Coffman
said Thursday.
Coffman and
other lawmakers are angry that the Department of Veterans Affairs awarded
thousands of dollars in bonuses to its top construction official,
Glenn Haggstrom, even though hospitals in Denver, Las Vegas, New Orleans
and Orlando, Florida, racked up huge cost overruns and fell far behind
schedule.
Haggstrom retired Wednesday amid an internal
investigation into the problems at the Denver hospital, the VA said. No
phone listing for him could be found to seek
comment.
Coffman
and Colorado Sen. Cory Gardner, both Republicans, on
Thursday introduced legislation in the House and Senate that would erase
$360 million in bonuses from the VAs current budget.
Coffman
said he plans to ask Congress to reallocate that money, and
all future years bonuses, to the Denver hospital until its
finished.
You take $360 million a year, it wont take long to pay for
the cost overruns,
Coffman
said.
The VA
said last week the hospital would cost $1.73 billion.
Coffman
says the VA insisted last year it would cost about $630
million.
The hospital is being built in suburban Aurora and will
replace an old, crowded Denver facility.
Coffman and Gardners
bill would raise the spending cap on the hospital to $1.73 billion, the
first step toward getting more money.
But persuading the
Republican-controlled Congress to allocate about $1 billion more for
construction could be daunting. On Wednesday, the House passed a budget
that would cut spending by nearly $5 trillion over the next decade to
eliminate deficits.
Coffman
said his plan
provides the money to finish the hospital without increasing VA
spending.
The New Orleans hospital is expected to cost $995 million and
open in early 2016. In 2013, it was expected to cost $625 million and
open in late 2014.
The House Veterans Committee has said the
Las Vegas hospital was $260 million over budget, and the Orlando
hospital was $362 million over budget.
Coffman and Gardners bill
would also strip the VA of authority to oversee hospital construction
projects costing more than $10 million and put the Army Corps of
Engineers in charge of them. It would also direct the Government
Accountability Office to conduct its own investigation into the Denver cost
overruns.
The VA Hospital
under construction in Aurora (credit: CBS)
The VA is
also working to shorten the time that veterans must wait for medical
appointments after allegations that some facilities falsified data to
cover up problems. Gardner said the construction overruns and wait times
were separate but related issues.
I think its symptomatic
of a bureaucracy that has lost sight of itself. The bureaucracy has
gotten in the way of the mission, he said. That is the responsibility
of the administration and Congress to fix.
VA construction exec who earned bonuses despite $2 billion in
cost overruns 'steps down.' But can still get his pension.
By: Emily
Wax-Thibodeaux
The Washington
Post
Published March 25, 2015
A
Department of Veterans Affairs executive is stepping down after
reports that he received nearly $64,000 in bonuses despite overseeing $2
billion in cost overruns at four troubled VA hospital
projects, including one in Aurora, Colo., that is now the
most expensive hospital in the VAs history.
Glenn
Haggstrom, principal executive director of the Office of Acquisition,
Logistics and Construction (OALC), is no longer an employee of VA, a VA
statement released Wednesday evening said.
Haggstrom retired from
federal service in the midst of an investigation, initiated by VA,
into delays and cost overruns associated with the design and
construction of the medical center in Aurora, the statement said. Haggstrom
had recently been relieved of any decision-making, the statement
said.
The VA called the situation with its Aurora hospital
unacceptable. But Haggstrom
is still entitled by law to apply for
federal retirement benefits, officials there said.
Rep. Jeff
Miller (R-Fla.), chairman of the House Veterans Affairs Committee, called
the project a disaster, and said he was angered that Haggstrom will
receive a pension.
Whats most disappointing about
this situation, however, is that Haggstrom left on his own terms
with a
lifetime pension
even though any reasonable person would conclude
that he should have been fired years ago, Miller said. VAs entire
construction program is a disaster and has been for years. Every single
member of VAs top leadership is fully aware of the departments
construction problems, yet none made any attempt to fire Haggstrom
a fact
that speaks volumes about the departments commitment to
accountability.
He also said that Haggstrom is not the only VA
employee responsible for the departments construction failures. More
housecleaning will surely be needed if the department is to ever get its
construction affairs in order.
The VAs ability to swiftly
fire employees for wrongdoing has been a controversial issue, and VA
officials say they cant fire as quickly as they would like. Congress
members say thats not true and the VA should be more committed to
ending incompetence and wrongdoing.
Rep. Mike
Coffman
(R-Colo.) said Haggstrom should have been fired years
ago.
And his ill-gotten bonuses should be rescinded, said
Coffman, who has been pushing for reform. Everyone knew back in April 2013
that VA executives were incompetently managing this project. This
personnel move is years late and billions of dollars in cost overruns
short.
The Government Accountability Office (GAO) published
findings in 2013 that found that the VA was on average $336 million over
budget and 35 months behind schedule.
The Aurora VA hospital
was recently found to be more than $1 billion over budget by itself.
And it is expected to cost what Congress members are calling a
shocking $1.73 billion, more than five times its original $328
million estimate, according to fresh estimates from VA
officials.
The Next Constituent One-on-One
Meeting
U.S. Rep. Mike Coffman will meet one-on-one with constituents at the
Anythink Library, 327 E. Bridge St.,
Brighton, CO on Saturday, March
28th, from 10:30AM to 12:00PM.
Constituents are invited to come to the
library to meet with Rep. Coffman and discuss issues that are important to
them.
This event is open only to residents of the 6th Congressional
District.
Washington Office
2443
Rayburn HOB
Washington, D.C.
20515
Phone: (202) 225-7882
Fax: (202) 226-4623
District Office
Cherry Creek Place IV
3300 S. Parker Road, Suite #305
Aurora, CO 80014
Phone: (720) 748-7514
Fax: (720) 748-7680
Unsubscribe
|
Update My Profile
|
Privacy Policy
