
April 18, 2015
Dear Friends,
I would like to share this week&rsquo;s edition of Jackie&rsquo;s Reading Picks, a compilation of articles that have piqued my interest over the week. You can find this week&rsquo;s selection and others on my website in the
Jackie&rsquo;s Reading Picks
section.
Happy reading!
All the best,
The Real Reason College Tuition Costs So Much
By PAUL CAMPOS, NY Times
Once upon a time in America, baby boomers paid for college with the money they made from their summer jobs. Then, over the course of the next few decades, public funding for higher education was slashed. These radical cuts forced universities to raise tuition year after year, which in turn forced the millennial generation to take on crushing educational debt loads, and everyone lived unhappily ever after.
This is the story college administrators like to tell when they&rsquo;re asked to explain why, over the past 35 years, college tuition at public universities has nearly quadrupled, to $9,139 in 2014 dollars. It is a fairy tale in the worst sense, in that it is not merely false, but rather almost the inverse of the truth.
Read more
here .
The Fisherman&rsquo;s Dilemma
By PAUL GREENBERG, California Sunday Magazine
What had drawn me to peek under California&rsquo;s waves was not a great love of scuba, but something radical that California was trying to do with its ocean. Over the past 15 years the state has upended nearly every aspect of its fisheries management. At the center of that effort is the creation of 124 marine protected areas, covering more than 850 square miles, where fishing is banned or severely curtailed. At a little more than 16 percent of California&rsquo;s ocean
holdings, this represents more protected water than that of any other state in the continental United States. What makes California&rsquo;s experiment unique as well as controversial is more than its size, though: It&rsquo;s the &ldquo;network effect&rdquo; its proponents think they can achieve. By creating an interconnected stretch of no-fishing and restricted-fishing areas up and down the coast, scientists and conservationists theorize they can weave back together the elements of an ecosystem that two centuries of exploitation has blown apart.
My interest was personal as well. Since childhood, fishing has been my greatest passion. Whenever I&rsquo;ve discovered a new piece of good-looking water, my default instinct has been to find out where the fish are living and go and get them. I have with hook and line killed many hundreds of fish. The problem is, this same base instinct guides much of the way humans behave toward marine life. Since the 1970s, the annual global catch has doubled to around 80 million metric tons &mdash; the equivalent of the weight of the human population of China. Now, as I started to explore a state that was taking a wholly new approach, I wondered whether California&rsquo;s plans for its sea might affect my own relationship to fish.
Read more
here .
The Pentagon&rsquo;s $10-billion bet gone bad
by DAVID WILLMAN, LA Times
Leaders of the U.S. Missile Defense Agency were effusive about the new technology.
It was the most powerful radar of its kind in the world, they told Congress. So powerful it could detect a baseball over San Francisco from the other side of the country.
If North Korea launched a sneak attack, the Sea-Based X-Band Radar &mdash; SBX for short &mdash; would spot the incoming missiles, track them through space and guide U.S. rocket-interceptors to destroy them.
Crucially, the system would be able to distinguish between actual missiles and decoys.
SBX &ldquo;represents a capability that is unmatched,&rdquo; the director of the Missile Defense Agency told a Senate subcommittee in 2007.
In reality, the giant floating radar has been a $2.2-billion flop, a Los Angeles Times investigation found.
Read more
here .
The Dangerous Myth of Appomattox
By GREGORY DOWNS, NY Times
On April 9, 1865 &mdash; Palm Sunday &mdash; Lt. Gen. Ulysses S. Grant and Gen. Robert E. Lee negotiated their famous &ldquo;Gentlemen&rsquo;s Agreement&rdquo; of surrender. In the ensuing celebration, a relieved Grant told his men, &ldquo;The war is over.&rdquo;
But Grant soon discovered he was wrong. Not only did fighting continue in pockets for weeks, but in other ways the United States extended the war for more than five years after Appomattox. Using its war powers to create freedom and civil rights in the South, the federal government fought against a white Southern insurgency that relied on murder and intimidation to undo the gains of the war.
And yet the &ldquo;Appomattox myth&rdquo; persisted, and continues today. By severing the war&rsquo;s conflict from the Reconstruction that followed, it drains meaning from the Civil War and turns it into a family feud, a fight that ended with regional reconciliation. It also fosters a national amnesia about what wars are and how they end, a lacuna that has undermined American postwar efforts ever since.
Read more
here .
Unsubscribe
Washington D.C. Office
2465 Rayburn House Office Building
Washington, DC 20515
Phone: (202) 225-3531
Fax: (202) 226-4183
San Mateo Office
155 Bovet Road, Suite 780
San Mateo, CA 94402
Phone: (650) 342-0300
Fax: (650) 375-8270
