
If you are having trouble viewing this
message or would like to share it on a social network, you can
view the message online .
CONTACT
ABOUT
SERVICES
NEWS
OFFICE LOCATIONS
Justice for Victims of Trafficking
Act
On Wednesday, Senator Corker praised unanimous
Senate passage of the Justice for Victims of Trafficking Act
(S.178). Sponsored by Senator John Cornyn (R-Texas), this legislation
boosts support for and protection of victims of human trafficking by
increasing law enforcement resources, enhancing victims services and
increasing penalties on perpetrators.
By helping victims and
arming law enforcement with the tools they need to fight this brutal
industry, passage of this legislation is an important step in the fight
against human trafficking,
said Corker . I am glad
there is bipartisan focus on this issue both domestically and abroad,
and I remain committed to additionally pursuing efforts to help end
modern slavery worldwide.
Corker has long been a supporter of
efforts to fight human trafficking and modern slavery.
In addition to supporting the Cornyn bill
that focuses on addressing human trafficking within the United States,
Corker has introduced legislation,
The End Modern Slavery Initiative Act of
2015
(S.553), that would create a powerful effort in concert
with the private sector and foreign governments to help eliminate modern
slavery around the world. In February, Corkers legislation
passed
unanimously
out
of the Senate Foreign Relations Committee, and
he continues to work with colleagues on both sides of the aisle to
move the bill through Congress.
Senate Debate
on Iran Nuclear Agreement Review
Act
Senator
Corker, chairman of the Senate Foreign Relations Committee, yesterday
opened Senate debate of his bipartisan legislation, the Iran Nuclear
Agreement Review Act of 2015, that would require the president to
submit any final nuclear deal with Iran to Congress before being able to
waive or suspend congressional sanctions. Last week, the Senate Foreign
Relations Committee voted unanimously to approve the legislation,
which now has 62 cosponsors, including Corker. Increasing bipartisan
support for the bill in advance of the committee vote forced President
Obama to lift his veto threat.
Without this bill, there is
nothing stopping the president from bypassing the American people,
immediately waiving sanctions imposed by Congress and unilaterally
implementing an agreement with Iran. This legislation ensures the president
will submit an agreement to Congress for review and a vote,
said Corker .
Click
here
to
learn more about the Iran Nuclear Agreement Review Act of
2015.
Click
here
or on image above to
view video.
Making State Department More Efficient and
Effective
On Wednesday, Senator Corker,
chairman of the Senate Foreign Relations Committee, presided over a hearing
on reauthorization of the U.S. Department of State. The committee heard
testimony from Deputy Secretary of State for Management and Resources
Heather Higginbottom.
One of our top priorities in this
committee is to restore regular committee consideration of a State
Department authorization bill
reviving a process that will help the
department become more efficient and effective within a sustainable
budget. The purpose of this hearing is to discuss some of the opportunities
involved in reauthorizing State Department operations for the first
time in over a decade,
said Corker . As we build
toward a bill that I hope will achieve bipartisan consensus, we have been
studying the State Departments budget, considering its requests for
new authorities, and examining ways to make existing programs more
effective and efficient.
Noting an 11 percent increase in the
presidents fiscal year 2016 budget request for State Department
operations, Corker raised concerns about the U.S. contributing a
disproportionate share of funding for United Nations (U.N.) peacekeeping missions
compared to other permanent members of the U.N. Security
Council.
A significant part of that inflated request is due to the
increasing financial burden of U.N. peacekeeping,"
added
Corker . The U.S. contributes more than any other permanent member of
the U.N. Security Council
all of the them combined
and our share
is still going up. Coupled with an increase in peacekeeping missions
around the world, this will only place added pressure on other
priorities."
Click
here
or on image above to view
video.
Tennesseans Visit
Washington
Senator Corker hosted over 90 Tennesseans at
this weeks Tennessee Tuesday, a regular breakfast held on Capitol
Hill every week the Senate is in session for visitors from the Volunteer
State. For more information, click
here .
April 21, 2015
Senator Corker speaks
with members of the Tennessee Association of Nurse Anesthetists at
Tennessee Tuesday.
April 21, 2015
Senator
Corker meets with members of NTCA
The Rural Broadband
Association.
April 23, 2015
Senator Corker and Senator Alexander welcome
Challenger the Eagle from Pigeon Forge, Tenn. to the U.S.
Capitol.
April 24, 2015
Senator Corker meets with fellow
Chattanoogan, Gerre Schwert, American Mothers Inc.'s "2014 Mother of the
Year" and the mother of Ree Drummond, The Pioneer Woman from Food
Network.
Passion City Church Highlights Corker's End Slavery
Initiative
April 19, 2015
Senator Corker
enjoys talking with Louie Giglio, pastor at Passion City Church in
Atlanta about The End Modern Slavery Initiative Act and our efforts to
eliminate modern slavery and human trafficking around the
world.
Home
|
Privacy
Policy
|
Unsubscribe
