
Mail begin
If you are having
trouble viewing this message or would like to share it on a social network,
you can
view the message
online .
About
Contact
Services
Media Center
Legislation
Issues
Resources
May 04, 2015
Friends,
Today, kicks off
Small Business Week, five days
dedicated to supporting and promoting our countrys small business
community.
Associations and community groups across the
nation will use the social media tag #SBW2015 to highlight small businesses
and tell their stories.
Like many Americans, I grew
up working for small businesses.
In fact, my first job was
working for a Dairy Queen franchise as a dishwasher.
Later, I worked
at a putt-putt course, a family owned restaurant in Myrtle Beach, and
I delivered postcards for a local entrepreneur.
These jobs
taught me valuable lessons and I learned how hard it is to operate a
business.
Since our districts top two industries are
tourism and agriculture, many of our businesses are family owned and
operated.
These hardworking people are the driving force in our
economy and play an active role in our community.
This week, I am
going back to my small business roots and will tour a family
restaurant in Myrtle Beach and a community bank in Hartsville.
I look
forward to meeting with each businesss team and possibly serving some
customers again!
To all of our small business
employees, owners, and advocatesthank you for all you do for our community,
district, and state.
We support you!
House Passes
Joint Balanced-Budget
Last week, the House passed
its first joint balanced-budget since 2001.
Both the
House of Representatives and Senate worked out their budget
differences and agreed on this budget plan early last week, which will serve as
a roadmap for our appropriations bills. The appropriations process is
the process in which the House of Representatives funds the federal
governments operations and agencies.
The House passed two
appropriations bills last week: Military Construction &amp; Veterans Affairs
Appropriations (H.R. 2029) and Water &amp; Energy Appropriations (H.R.
2028). As noted in last weeks e-newsletter, this is the earliest
start to the appropriations process since the
1970s.
Military Construction &amp; VA Funding
Given the
problems plaguing the Department of Veterans Affairs (VA), this
legislation increases oversight measures and provides the agency with the
funding needed to modernize VA health care facilities, reduce the
disability claims backlog, fulfill veteran education benefits, improve
employment training, and provide for homeless veterans. In order to bring the
agency up-to-speed, H.R. 2029 increases the VA funding 5.6 percent
above last years level the highest level of VA funding
ever.
Funding Energy &amp; Water
Operations
Our waterways and energy resources are key to our countrys
competitiveness; therefore, the funding bill my colleagues and I passed improves
nuclear national security, boosts funding for energy stability, and
increases the construction and maintenance accounts for waterways and
portsmaking more money available to advance our states dredging
projects.
We were sure to include provisions in this bill that rein in
the Environmental Protection Agency (EPA) and Army Corps of Engineers,
preventing the agencies from enforcing regulations that threaten the
livelihood of our farmers and waterways.
Overall, this is a good
bill that sufficiently provides for our energy and water resources
while maintaining fiscal discipline.
Socastee Student wins Congressional Art Competition
I
am pleased to announce that Haleigh Ferro is this years
Congressional Art Competition winner. While there were many deserving submissions,
Haleighs acrylic finger painting, Miss Jay, symbolizes South
Carolinas important Gullah culture and our states sweetgrass basketmaking
tradition.
Ferro is invited to travel to Washington, D.C.,
courtesy of Southwest Airlines to attend the Congressional Art Competition
Awards Ceremony and see her painting displayed in the United States
Capitol.
Congratulations Haleigh, and thank you to all of the
young artists across our district that submitted artwork this
year.
It is an honor and privilege to represent you and your
family.
Have a good week,
Share on
Facebook
Tell a Friend
E-mail:
If you would like to reply to
this email or contact my office, please do so by visiting the contact
page on my website
here
as this email is not
monitored.
Washington D.C.
Office
223 Cannon House Office
Building
Washington, DC 20515
Phone: (202) 225-9895
Fax: (202)
225-9690
Grand Strand Office
2411 N. Oak
Street
Suite 405
Myrtle
Beach, SC 29577
Phone: (843) 445-6459
Fax: (843) 445-6418
Pee Dee Office
1831 West Evans Street
Suite 300
Florence, SC 29501
Phone: (843) 679-9781
Fax:
(843) 679-9783
Unsubscribe
|
Update My Profile
|
Privacy Policy
