
If you are
having trouble viewing this message or would like to share it on a
social network, you can
view
the message online .
HOME
ABOUT
CONTACT
ME
SERVING YOU
MEDIA CENTER
ISSUES &amp;
LEGISLATION
OUR DISTRICT
April 10, 2015
Dear Friend,
Throughout the last several
weeks Ive been heavily involved in working with our irrigation districts,
the U.S. Bureau of Reclamation, the National Oceanic &amp;
Atmospheric Association, the California Fish &amp; Wildlife Service, and the
State Water Resources Control Board to reach an agreement that protects
the water in the New Melones reservoir and flows on the Stanislaus
River throughout the summer. After sending several letters and
participating in a series of meetings with all involved parties, it appears that
resolution may be close.
I am hopeful we will have an agreement
in the next several hours.
The plan being
developed should meet the needs of all parties on the river for this water
year to protect agriculture, municipal water, power production,
recreation and fish. The lesson from this year is everyone needs to listen and
work together, and not sit in their own echo chamber thinking they are
the only ones with an answer. Many parties have useful information
that should be shared and rightfully considered for the benefit of the
people, the bounty, and beauty of our great state.
I began
this week with the honor of presenting Edwin Gene Benedix, an Oakdale
resident, with his Purple Heart.
Mr. Benedix was joined by family and friends for his
ceremony on
Tuesday.
Several of his friends convinced him to contact my office when they
learned that he'd never received his medal for his service in the Army
during the Korean War. My staff and I also secured a Korean War
Ambassador of Peace medal for Gene as a surprise. He celebrated his
85 th
birthday yesterday
hoping it was a happy one!
I
invited Sarah Feinberg, acting administrator of the Federal Railroad
Administration, to join me in Modesto on Tuesday for a discussion on our
nations pressing transportation needs and ongoing efforts to ensure
rail safety. This is an issue of critical importance for our community
and as the Chairman of the Rail subcommittee, a personal priority of
mine.
We had an
engaging conversation with city representatives and many of our County
Supervisors about how we can work together to prioritize the
well-being of our communities.
Also on the topic of safety,
I joined the Stanislaus Country Mass Casualty Table Top Exercise on
Wednesday morning. Our law enforcement and first responders continue to
work to ensure that the county is prepared for any threats to our
safety.
I hope you
participated in this years Congressional Art Competition. After several
thousand votes were cast via Facebook, I congratulated our first, second
and third place winners at a reception Wednesday evening at the
Mistlin Art Gallery.
Jazmyne Griffin, a John H. Pitman High School student, received the
grand prize for her artwork, Midnight Forest
Dreams.
Second place was presented to Rachel Kiesser, a Central Catholic
High School student from Patterson, for her acrylic painting, titled
Palette of Passion.
Habibatu Mboka, a Turlock resident
from John H. Pitman High School, was awarded third place for her oil
painting piece, Hold Your Breath and Count to
Ten.
Photos of this years submissions can be seen
on
my Facebook page .
Lastly,
congratulations are in order for Jesus Cervantes, an Enochs High School
student from Modesto. Jesus was accepted into a competitive summer program
for high school students at Stanford University where he plans to
take classes in physics and programming. Ultimately Jesus wants to pursue
a degree in Aerospace Engineering. Jesus and other students like him
should be proud of their efforts to pursue a challenging course of
study and I wish him the best of luck this summer.
Congrats to Jesus
Cervantes!
There are many
challenges facing our education system. I remain focused on adequately
preparing students for a future in science, technology, engineering
and math, or STEM fields. Given that STEM employment is expected to grow
much faster than overall employment, our K-12 system must make
science literacy a priority. Recently the House passed H.R. 1020, the STEM
Education Act, to improve the programs at the National Science
Foundation that assist local schools in designing and implementing STEM
education programs. There is still more that can be done. I look forward to
working on the reauthorization of the Elementary and Secondary
Education Act and other important education related
legislation.
Hope you have a great weekend!
JEFF
DENHAM
Do you believe the ag industry and specifically almond farmers
are being unfairly targeted for their water use? Yes No Do you feel that there are further conservation measures you
could take to your own water usage? Yes No *By answering this survey, you are subscribing to my
newsletter. If you are having trouble, click here.
E-mail Updates
Yes, please periodically send me e-mail updates.*
*By subscribing to my
e-mail
updates, you are authorizing me to send regular e-mail updates from my
office to your e-mail account.
DC office:
1730
Longworth HOB
Washington, DC
20515
P: 202-225-4540
F:
202-225-3402
Modesto
Office:
4701 Sisk Road, Suite 202
Modesto, CA 95356
P:
209-579-5458
F: 209-579-5028
Unsubscribe
|
Update My Profile
|
Privacy Policy
gateway mail end 