
Around the World
Visiting Our Allies
Last week I traveled to Eastern Europe with a few of my colleagues on the House Armed Services Committee to meet with leaders in the region to discuss United States role in the area and to show support for the allies there. We stopped in Latvia, Romania, Poland, Lithuania and Ukrainemany of which are members of the North Atlantic Trade Organization (NATO) and are currently affected by ongoing Russian military aggression.
While there, I visited several significant sites, including the Warsaw Uprising Museum in Poland and the Holodomor Monument which is a memorial for the Soviet genocide that occurred in Ukraine in 1932. I also had the honor of meeting with Californian service members at the Mihail Koglniceanu Airbase in Romania to discuss the current situation there from a boots on the ground perspective. As an Army veteran who was stationed in Europe during the Cold War, I am grateful that I could take part in this mission, and I look forward to using the information we gathered to strengthen our strategy in the region moving forward.
Around the District
Open House is Coming Up
Next week I will be hosting an Open House at my Simi Valley District Office. This is a great chance to meet your neighbors, enjoy some refreshments, and discuss the upcoming legislative year with my staff and me. Here are the details:
Friday, April 17, 5-7pm
1445 E. Los Angeles Avenue, #206, Simi Valley
For more information call my office at (805) 581-7130 or visit this link:
https://www.facebook.com/events/1408532719464113/
Aerospace Updates
Our community is home to some of the best aerospace manufacturing sites in the world. During my week in the district I visited several of them, including Boeing, Lockheed Martin, Northrup Grumman and Aerojet Rocketdyne. I took tours of their facilities, spoke with employees, and got feedback as to what the aerospace community in our district needs from Congress in order to function best. I also met with the Antelope Valley Board of Trade's AEROCOMM Committee to talk with our region's aerospace industry leaders. As a member of the Committees on Armed Services and Science, Space and Technology, as well as a resident of the Aerospace Valley, I am always interested in finding ways to optimize the industrys performance and ensure they continue to provide quality jobs to the people in our community.
Transportation Fixation
This was a big week for the Antelope Valley Transit Authority. On April 9th, they celebrated National Stand Up For Transportation Day in Palmdale, where I spoke about the importance of public transportation and infrastructure. On April 10th, they announced the implementation of a pilot program that will place digital advertisements on some AVTA buses. I was particularly proud of this as the program was authorized by legislation I carried when I was a State Senator last year.
Around the Corner
Red White Blue CDC Feed Our Veterans Annual Poker Ride
Saturday, April 11, 9am-2pm
42314 50th St W Lancaster
For more information visit:
http://www.redwhitebluecdc.org/
Santa Clarita Cowboy Festival
Wednesday, April 15 Through Sunday, April 19
Old Town Newhall &amp; William S. Hart Park, 24151 Newhall Ave, Newhall
For a full schedule of events, please visit:
http://cowboyfestival.org/
Congressman Knights Simi Valley District Office Open House
Friday, April 17, 5-7pm
1445 E. Los Angeles Avenue, #206, Simi Valley
For more information call: (805) 581-7130
ROUND-UP A Rockin' Country Music Extravaganza
Saturday, April 18, 10am-7pm
Hummingbird Nest Ranch, 2940 Kuehner Dr, Santa Susana
For more information visit:
http://www.roundupsimi.com/
California Poppy Festival
Saturday, April 18 &amp; Sunday, April 19,10am-6pm
Lancaster City Park, 43011 N. 10th Street West, Lancaster
For more information visit:
http://www.poppyfestival.com/generalinformation.php
Simi Valley Chamber of Commerce Town Hall with Congressman Knight
Wednesday, May 6, 9-9:30am
Wood Ranch Golf Club, 301 Wood Ranch Parkway, Simi Valley
For more information call: (805) 526-3900 or visit:
http://www.simivalleychamber.org/chamber-news-events/chamber-calendar?task=view_event&amp;event_id=176
WEBSITE
|
UNSUBSCRIBE
|
CONTACT
Click Here Click Here