
If you are having trouble viewing
this message or would like to share it on a social network, you can
view the message
online .
About Lynn
|
Constituent Services
|
Issues
|
Media Center
|
Legislative Center
|
Georgia's Third District
|
Contact Me
April 26, 2015
Capitol Corner: Increasing Transparency For Our
Veterans
It has been over a year since Americans learned of the
horrific way our veterans were being treated at Veterans Affairs (VA)
centers around the country. Thankfully, there have been large strides in
correcting these wrongs and we are on the path towards meaningful
reform. Congress has passed bills such as the Clay Hunt Suicide Prevention
for American Veterans Act and the Veterans Access to Care Through
Choice, Accountability, and Transparency Act, both of which help veterans
gain access to quality medical care in their
area.
Our veterans give so much to our nation and
it is our responsibility to ensure they are taken care of at home.
However, sometimes the complicated VA claims process and huge backlog
leaves many veterans confused and ignored. My office in Newnan, Georgia
specifically helps veterans with their claims, and serves as a liaison
between the VA and veterans to help make sure their claims get
processed. When constituent services representatives in my office are working
as a veterans advocate, they sometimes get stuck as the middle-man,
going back-and-forth between the veteran and the VA, and currently lack
the appropriate tools to provide up-to-date statuses of
casework.
I joined my colleagues in sending a
letter to Veterans Affairs Secretary McDonald to help make the process
more efficient and transparent for our constituent services
representatives. We respectfully asked that the advocates for our veterans have
read-only access to view the claim status via the electronic claims
files. Only certified constituent services representatives can access
the claim status and they would not have the ability to change or
update the claim log. This would allow our representatives to have more up
to date information, allowing them to better communicate with our
veterans as to their status of their claim. It improves the transparency
of the claims process for both the veterans and the constituent
services representative so we can ensure mistreatment or neglect of cases
never occurs again.
As the VA
continues to tackle the enormous backlog, I hope this letter encourages the
VA to pursue other avenues that can help the claims process, such as
improving transparency with constituent services. I also encourage the
veterans of Georgias Third Congressional District with questions or
claim issues to contact John Stuckey in my Newnan office at
770-683-2033 or email me on my website,
www.Westmoreland.House.gov
to learn how we can help serve
you.
To read the letter to Veterans Affairs Secretary
McDonald, please
click
here .
Share on Facebook
Share on
Twitter
Westmoreland Announces Mobile
Office Hours in Barnesville, Locust
Grove
My staff will be holding mobile office hours on
Tuesday, April 28th in Barnesville and Locust Grove. My district
office is permanently located in Newnan, and the mobile office hours serve
as an opportunity for constituents to speak with a representative from
my office in a location closer to their home. Constituents may attend
the mobile office hours to gather more information on the services
the district office provides, and how to get help with a federal
agency.
Serving the Third
Congressional District is my highest responsibility. My Newnan office staff
works hard to serve as an advocate between you and the federal
government, and can help you navigate the confusing claims process. I encourage
anyone with questions to attend these mobile office hours in
Barnesville and Locust Grove to get the best help we can
offer.
Barnesville mobile office hours will be held by
my Field Representative Theresa Robertson, and she will be joined by
Senator Isaksons Field Representative Laura Gower. The Locust Grove
office hours will be held by my Field Representative Matt
Brass.
Barnesville Office Hours with
Theresa Robertson (Westmoreland) and Laura Gower
(Isakson)
Tuesday, April 28th, 2015
10:00am
12:30pm
Mayor Banks Office
102 Merchants
Way
Barnesville,
GA
Locust Grove Office Hours with Matt Brass
(Westmoreland)
Tuesday, April 28th, 2015
9:00am -
12:30pm
The City Hall in Locust
Grove
3644 Highway 42
Locust Grove,
GA
If you are unable to attend these office hours and
need help with a federal agency or have more questions, please contact my
Newnan District Office at 770-683-2033 or visit
www.Westmoreland.House.gov.
Share on Facebook
Share on
Twitter
House Passes Cyber Networks Protection
Bill
Wednesday, the U.S.
House of Representatives passed H.R. 1560, the Protecting Cyber
Networks Act. The bill encourages and protects information sharing on cyber
threats between private companies, private companies to and from the
government, while safeguarding personally identifiable information from
being exchanged during the process. I voted in favor of this
bill.
Georgia is home to many companies
that deal with sensitive data on a daily basis. And after the recent
hacks against major corporations, I spoke to industry leaders in our
state and across the nation about how we can make the information sharing
between industries and the government stronger to better protect our
nation. The Protecting Cyber Networks Act is a bipartisan step forward
in protecting businesses and citizens from being the next victim of a
cyberattack.
The Protecting Cyber
Networks Act authorizes private to private, private to government,
and government to private threat sharing capabilities, only after all
personal identifiable information has been stripped
meaning personal
data is not included in the threat sharing.
The bill helps
devastating cyberattacks from going unnoticed, or only shared months after
the attack. The Protecting Cyber Networks Act does not hold companies
liable for sharing the threats and encourages businesses to work
together and with the government to prevent and eliminate
cyberattacks.
Cyberterrorism is the new
battlefield and adapting to this warfare is crucial to eliminating these
threats. By allowing American businesses to alert other companies and
the government of specific threats, and only the threats, the Protecting
Cyber Networks Act can help shut down the cybercriminals from
stealing sensitive information or causing devastating damage to our networks.
With the government and private sector working together, we can put
America on the offense against future cyberattacks.
Share on Facebook
Share on
Twitter
Join the Conversation
Tell a Friend
E-mail:
In Other News
VIDEO: Westmoreland Supports Protecting Cyber
Networks Act
On April 22, 2015, Congressman Lynn
Westmoreland (R-GA) spoke on the US House Floor in support of H.R.
1560, the Protecting Cyber Networks Act...
House Permanent Select Committee on Intelligence: House
Approves Intelligence Committees Cyber Information-Sharing
Legislation
In a strong, bipartisan 307-116 vote, the U.S.
House of Representatives today approved the Protecting Cyber Networks
Act (H.R. 1560). Chairman Westmoreland: Empowering American businesses
with the ability to work together and fight back against hackers and
cyberterrorists is invaluable to our nations daily battle against
terrorism...
VIDEO: Westmoreland at
Regulatory Burden Hearing
On Thursday, April 23,
2015, Congressman Lynn Westmoreland (R-GA) questioned the witnesses about
regulatory burdens from a regulator
perspective...
Westmoreland: Westmoreland, Maloney
Introduce Financial Institution Examination Fairness and Reform
Act
Congressman Lynn Westmoreland (GA-03) and Congresswoman
Carolyn Maloney (NY-12) have introduced H.R. 1941, the Financial
Institution Examination Fairness and Reform Act. H.R...
GA Bankers E-Bulletin: Westmoreland Introduces
Exam Fairness Bill
We appreciate Georgia Rep. Lynn
Westmoreland (R-GA 3) and Rep. Carolyn Maloney (D-NY) for their
leadership in introducing H.R. 1941 this week
Peach Pundit: Promising News for Georgias Military
Installations (and the Communities Who Love
Them)
Yesterday, The Hill ran a brief article on the House Armed Services
Committees rejection of a new round of base closures, better known
as BRAC (the Defense Base Closure and Realignment Commission, not this
guy)
AP: Hostage deaths a
reminder of risk of 'deadly mistakes'
Two years ago,
President Barack Obama stood before a military audience and spoke of
the "heartbreaking tragedy" of accidental civilian deaths caused by
U.S. military strikes in the fight against terrorism in places like
Pakistan and Afghanistan
The
Hill: Boehner calls for Clinton to 'actually cooperate' with Benghazi
probe
The House Select Committee on
Benghazi could wrap up its work before 2016 if former Secretary of State
Hillary Clinton and other Obama administration officials "actually
cooperate," Speaker John Boehner said
Wednesday.
Washington Post: Loretta Lynch
confirmed by Senate as attorney general
Loretta
E. Lynchs long wait to become U.S. attorney general ended Thursday,
with the Senate voting 56 to 43 to confirm the veteran New York
prosecutor five months after President Obama submitted her nomination to
Congress
WASHINGTON, DC
OFFICE 2202 Rayburn House Office Bldg Washington,
DC 20515 Phone (202) 225-5901 Fax (202) 225-2515
THIRD DISTRICT OFFICE
1601-B East Highway 34 Newnan, Georgia
30265 Phone (770) 683-2033 Fax (770) 683-2042
Unsubscribe
|
Update My Profile
|
Privacy
Policy
