
Dear Friend,
Thank you for signing up to receive my email newsletter. These
newsletters will cover a variety of topics, including events happening
in Indiana, legislation being considered in Congress, and my
perspective on current issues. My hope is to keep you updated and
informed on how issues in Washington may impact Hoosiers. I welcome
your feedback.
Thanks for reading,
Dan Coats
_____
Send Iran Nuclear Deal to Congress
The most significant threat to world peace and the national security of
the United States is a nuclear-armed Iran. Given this danger, a
consensus that Iran should never possess nuclear weapons has guided
American foreign policy for decades.
Despite this longstanding bipartisan agreement, President Obama is
intent on reaching a nuclear deal with the government of Iran without
input from Congress - the elected representatives of the American
people. This is completely unacceptable.
The consequences of a bad nuclear deal with Iran will endanger the
security and safety of America, Israel and the entire Middle East. If
President Obama fears that a supermajority in Congress would reject the
deal he is advancing, then he has struck the wrong deal.
Unfortunately, it is clear from the so-called political framework
recently released by negotiators for the United States, Iran and other
nations that the Obama Administration's negotiating tactics have been
seriously flawed from the beginning.
The current framework, trumpeted by the administration as a
breakthrough, will allow Iran to retain a robust industrial-capacity
ability to enrich uranium, the core of nuclear weapons. This was never
the intention of the international community until Obama Administration
negotiators took the helm and changed direction. In the wake of that
fundamental concession, we will have to rely on elaborate monitoring
and compliance verification mechanisms to keep Iran's uranium
enrichment enterprise within agreed bounds and prevent them from
cheating.
Additionally, senior Iranian authorities, including Iran's Supreme
leader Ayatollah Ali Khamenei, have said repeatedly that there will be
no international inspections of Iranian military facilities. Much of
Iran's nuclear weapons development work has gone on in such facilities
and barring access to them should be the end of any deal.
Reports indicate that limitations on Iran's nuclear infrastructure - if
they are actually implemented over time - will expire in 10 years. Ten
years is tomorrow afternoon in this dangerous game for the world's
future.
The Iranians are demanding that, once an agreement is reached, existing
sanctions imposed on Iran by Congress be waived immediately. This would
be a significant concession, since it was sanctions that brought Iran
to the negotiating table in the first place.
The good news is that this deeply flawed agreement is not entirely
unavoidable. There is still time to press negotiators on both sides to
change the outcome of these talks or prevent a bad deal.
This week the Senate began considering the Iran Nuclear Agreement
Review Act, the only legislation in Congress that would ensure the
executive branch does not bypass the American people to reach a nuclear
deal with Iran. This legislation would require President Obama to
submit any agreement to Congress for review and a vote. And if a
supermajority in Congress ultimately disagreed with the president's
deal, then this legislation would prevent the administration from
lifting existing sanctions on Iran.
The bipartisan legislation the Senate is considering right now will
hold the Obama Administration accountable in its nuclear negotiations
with Iran. I believe this bill and this debate are the most
consequential I have faced in my nearly four decades in national
politics.
Passing this legislation will show the Iranians that there are new
constraints on their maximalist positions. If the Iranians want a deal
now, they must give ground. If not, they will face the pressure of new
and more significant sanctions.
Enacting this bill into law by maintaining a veto proof coalition of 67
senators must be the Senate's overriding goal. So while there are many
worthy amendments put forward by my colleagues during this debate, I
will not support any amendments that would prevent Congress from having
a role.
Allowing Iran to develop a nuclear weapons capability will ignite a
nuclear arms race in the Middle East and must be prevented at any cost.
To see my Senate floor speech on Iran, click here
or on the image above.
Coats in the News
Coats Highlights Waste of the Week: Social Security "Fountain of Youth"
Growth, what growth? First-quarter disappoints
Coats, Rokita to host 'Academy Day' in Indianapolis
Iran debate carries 'historical consequences'
Retiring Coats has plenty of work left
_____
Stay Connected
_____
Coats with Hoosiers
I enjoyed speaking with Colonel Robert Dixon about the important work
being done in support of our warfighters at the Crane Army Ammunition
Activity.
Marsha and I enjoyed handing out Oatmeal Maple cookies from 4 Birds
Bakery in Broad Ripple at the annual March of Dimes Gourmet Gala in
Washington.
Congratulations to three-time Poetry Out Loud finalist Emma Libersky of
Plymouth.
It was great to meet Senator, a dog from the Indiana Canine Assistance
Network.
_____
To unsubscribe please
Click Here
Contact Me
Latest News
A message
from Senator Dan Coats
Dear
Friend,
Thank you for signing up to receive my email
newsletter. These newsletters will cover a variety of topics,
including
events happening in Indiana, legislation being
considered
in Congress, and my perspective on current issues.
My
hope is to keep you updated and informed on how issues in Washington may impact Hoosiers. I welcome your
feedback.
Thanks for reading,
Dan Coats
Send Iran Nuclear Deal to Congress
The most significant threat to world peace and the national security of the United States is a nuclear-armed
Iran. Given this danger, a consensus that Iran should never possess nuclear weapons has guided American
foreign policy for decades.
Despite this longstanding bipartisan agreement, President Obama is intent on reaching a nuclear deal
with the government of Iran without input from Congress &#8211; the elected representatives of the American
people. This is completely unacceptable.
The consequences of a bad nuclear deal with Iran will endanger the security and safety of America,
Israel and the entire Middle East. If President Obama fears that a supermajority in Congress would reject
the deal he is advancing, then he has struck the wrong deal.
Unfortunately, it is clear from the so-called political framework recently released by negotiators
for the United States, Iran and other nations that the Obama Administration&#8217;s negotiating tactics
have been seriously flawed from the beginning.
The current framework, trumpeted by the administration as a breakthrough, will allow Iran to retain
a robust industrial-capacity ability to enrich uranium, the core of nuclear weapons. This was never the
intention of the international community until Obama Administration negotiators took the helm and changed
direction. In the wake of that fundamental concession, we will have to rely on elaborate monitoring and
compliance verification mechanisms to keep Iran&#8217;s uranium enrichment enterprise within agreed bounds
and prevent them from cheating.
Additionally, senior Iranian authorities, including Iran's Supreme leader Ayatollah Ali Khamenei,
have said repeatedly that there will be no international inspections of Iranian military facilities.
Much of Iran&#8217;s nuclear weapons development work has gone on in such facilities and barring access
to them should be the end of any deal.
Reports indicate that limitations on Iran&#8217;s nuclear infrastructure &#8211; if they are actually
implemented over time &#8211; will expire in 10 years. Ten years is tomorrow afternoon in this dangerous
game for the world&#8217;s future.
The Iranians are demanding that, once an agreement is reached, existing sanctions imposed on Iran
by Congress be waived immediately. This would be a significant concession, since it was sanctions that
brought Iran to the negotiating table in the first place.
The good news is that this deeply flawed agreement is not entirely unavoidable. There is still time
to press negotiators on both sides to change the outcome of these talks or prevent a bad deal.
This week the Senate began considering the Iran Nuclear Agreement Review Act, the only legislation
in Congress that would ensure the executive branch does not bypass the American people to reach a nuclear
deal with Iran. This legislation would require President Obama to submit any agreement to Congress for
review and a vote. And if a supermajority in Congress ultimately disagreed with the president&#8217;s
deal, then this legislation would prevent the administration from lifting existing sanctions on Iran.
The bipartisan legislation the Senate is considering right now will hold the Obama Administration
accountable in its nuclear negotiations with Iran. I believe this bill and this debate are the most consequential
I have faced in my nearly four decades in national politics.
Passing this legislation will show the Iranians that there are new constraints on their maximalist
positions. If the Iranians want a deal now, they must give ground. If not, they will face the pressure
of new and more significant sanctions.
Enacting this bill into law by maintaining a veto proof coalition of 67 senators must be the Senate&#8217;s
overriding goal. So while there are many worthy amendments put forward by my colleagues during this debate,
I will not support any amendments that would prevent Congress from having a role.
Allowing Iran to develop a nuclear weapons capability will ignite a nuclear arms race in the Middle
East and must be prevented at any cost.
To see my Senate floor speech
on Iran, click
here
or on the image above.
Coats
in the News
Coats
Highlights Waste of the Week: Social Security &#8220;Fountain of Youth&#8221;
Growth,
what growth? First-quarter disappoints
Coats,
Rokita to host 'Academy Day' in Indianapolis
Iran
debate carries 'historical consequences'
Retiring
Coats has plenty of work left
Stay
Connected
Coats with Hoosiers
I
enjoyed speaking with Colonel Robert Dixon about the important work being done in support of our warfighters
at the Crane Army Ammunition Activity.
Marsha
and I enjoyed handing out Oatmeal Maple cookies from 4 Birds Bakery in Broad Ripple at the annual March
of Dimes Gourmet Gala in Washington.
Congratulations
to three-time Poetry Out Loud finalist Emma Libersky of Plymouth.
It
was great to meet Senator, a dog from the Indiana Canine Assistance Network.
To
unsubscribe please
Click
Here
Contact
Me Latest
News
