
eNewsletter
|
Facebook
|
Twitter
|
Macs Blog
|
YouTube
|
Video Mailbox
Dear Friend,
Last week, the House passed a fiscal plan that balances the federal budget and reduces government spending by $5.5 trillion over the next 10 years. It is a plan that offers solutions to some of our nations most complex fiscal problems, and also makes funding our national defense a priority.
A complex, burdensome tax code and the skyrocketing cost of entitlement programs are the driving forces behind our growing debt. Interest payments on that debt also add volatility to our long-range economic health.
Staying the current course endangers programs like Medicare and Social Security, which millions of Americans rely on, and it will mean fewer opportunities for our children and grandchildren.
The House budget addresses each of these problems and balances within 10 years.
But to ensure that this plan makes for a stronger America, it must not shortchange our national defense.
With a growing number of threats like ISIS, Russia, China, Iran, and North Korea, it would be unwise to allow our military strength to decline.
Military leaders have warned that continued cuts to defense would make it harder for our Armed Forces to accomplish their mission and put more American lives at risk.
Recognizing that, this budget also makes important and needed investments in our military.
Reining in Mandatory Spending
More than 66 percent of federal spending is dedicated to mandatory spending and interest payments on our national debt.
Entitlement programs like Obamacare, Social Security, Medicare, Medicaid, and food stamps make up the bulk of mandatory spending.
Once entitlement programs are established, payments are made automatically, and everyone who qualifies receives the benefit. Similarly, interest payments on our national debt are made automatically without further action by Congress.
At its current pace, according to the Medicare Boards of Trustees, Medicare will not have enough money to cover the number of claims for benefits by 2030.
To avoid that, the House budget proposes reforms to Medicare that would begin in 2024.
This guarantees there will be no changes for those in or near retirement.
For those enrolling in Medicare after 2024, they will have a choice between private plans or the traditional fee-for-service plans.
The budget will also help physicians provide quality care to Medicare patients by repealing the payment formula that has led doctors in our area and around the country to consider dropping out of Medicare entirely, which would greatly reduce access to needed medical services and care.
Along with Medicare, spending on Medicaid is also reduced using commonsense solutions.
To help rein in massive Medicaid funding increases, this budget begins to fix the problem by repealing the Medicaid expansion under Obamacare.
Instead, it would grant the States flexibility to better provide a safety net for their most vulnerable citizens.
Each state should be able to adapt its Medicaid program to best fit its needs instead of the one-size-fits-all approach we have today that creates more waste, fraud, and abuse.
Tax Reform
Our tax code has become too complex.
Its estimated that individuals, families, and businesses spend more than 6 billion hours and more than $160 billion a year trying to comply with the current tax system.
In addition to balancing the federal budget within ten years, the budget moves toward a simpler, flatter, and fairer tax code and would broaden the tax base by closing special interest loopholes.
The President and Democrats have shown that they have no intention of balancing the budget, but Republicans are committed to making serious reforms to and reductions in federal spending in order to grow the American economy and provide our children the same kind of opportunities that we had.
We owe our children and grandchildren a future unburdened by our debt.
We owe them the same opportunity at the American Dream that we have had during our lifetime.
I encourage you to read more about the House Budget by visiting the House Budget Committee webpage here:
http://budget.house.gov/ .
I am interested in your feedback and your suggestions on any issue that matters to you. I hope you will contact me with your opinion via phone,
email , letter,
website , or
Facebook .
As always, I appreciate hearing from you.
Sincerely,
*All charts and graphs were provided by the U.S. House Committee on the Budget.
Follow Mac on Facebook:
https://www.facebook.com/repmacthornberry
*Please note, this email was sent from an unattended mailbox.*
eNewsletter
|
Facebook
|
Twitter
|
Mac's Blog
|
YouTube
|
Video Mailbox
AMARILLO OFFICE
620 South Taylor Street, Suite 200
Amarillo, Texas 79101
T (806) 371-8844
F (806) 371-7044
WASHINGTON, DC OFFICE
2208 Rayburn House Office Building
Washington, DC 20515
T (202) 225-3706
F (202) 225-3486
WICHITA FALLS OFFICE
2525 Kell Blvd, Suite 406
Wichita Falls, Texas 76308
T (940) 692-1700
F (940) 692-0539
UPDATE SUBSCRIPTION OPTIONS
|
PRIVACY POLICY
|
CONTACT US
Click Here
to view this email in your browser
Click Here
to be removed from this list