
Mail begin
If you are having
trouble viewing this message or would like to share it on a social
network, you can
view the
message online .
HOME
ABOUT
CONTACT ME
SERVING YOU
MEDIA CENTER
ISSUES &amp;
LEGISLATION
OUR DISTRICT
April 24, 2015
Dear Friend,
I was
lucky to spend a great deal of time this week with the members of the
San Joaquin Council of Governments, who visited D.C. on their annual
OneVoice trip. As I told the group that was here, I love having them
here so they can share their perspectives firsthand with my colleagues. I
tell other members all the time about the needs of the Central
Valley, but you as my constituents are the most effective
advocates!
Speaking to the OneVoice
group.
With Troy Brown, Tracy's city
manager.
With Mike Maciel, Tracy's
mayor.
With Nancy
Young, one of Tracy's great city council
members.
On Tuesday,
I led a
letter with 33 of my California colleagues
to leaders of the House
Transportation and Infrastructure Committee urging them to prioritize
funding for crumbling locally owned bridges across the nation as Congress
works to reauthorize MAP-21, the 2012 law which last reauthorized
federal surface transportation programs.
Our nations bridges
are in dire need of funding. Modestos own 7th street bridge is rated
a 2 out of 100, making it unsafe for school buses to travel over, yet
Central Valley residents are using it daily. Bridges like this must
be a priority as we work to reauthorize surface transportation
projects.
Specifically, the letter notes that locally-owned
on-system bridges are at a significant disadvantage when competing for
funding with state-owned on-system bridges. Roughly 3,000 bridges in
California are structurally deficient, and for locally-owned bridges, there
is an estimated funding shortfall of $1.3 billion over the next ten
years. Over 52 percent of locally-owned California bridges are located
on the Federal-Aid Highway System, leaving them at a disadvantage in
securing funding when they compete for limited dollars.
I
was dismayed to see the House Appropriations Committees Fiscal Year
2016 Military Construction and Veterans Affairs Appropriations bill,
which holds funding level for VA construction projects until the
Department reforms the deeply troubled major construction program. Ive had
extensive meetings and sent numerous letters about the need to build
French Camp. Congress must not short the Administrations requirement by
underfunding facilities that our vets need today because of the VAs
cost overruns and mismanaged projects. Our veterans should not have to
pay the price for the VAs negligence. Shovel-ready projects must be
able to move forward, and I will continue to fight for appropriations
for French Camp as I have for years on the VA
committee.
The threat of cyberattacks from hackers and nation states remains
constant. Recent examples of foreign hackers compromising sensitive
medical information are just one example of the danger posed by cyber
threats. Thats why I voted in favor of two bills this week to protect
consumer data and the privacy of the American people from cyberattacks. The
bills encourage voluntary information sharing with the federal
government to help improve our governments ability to predict and protect
America against foreign cyber threats.
I also
re-introduced my ENLIST Act, which would allow otherwise qualified undocumented
immigrants brought here by their parents through no fault of their own
to earn legal status through military service. Young people who
volunteer to put their lives on the line defending our nation show the
highest possible respect for the principles that make America great. Through
their patriotism, legal status would be earned with their honorable
service should they choose to pursue it. The ENLIST Act would not
change immigration law, but it would allow young Americans the chance to
serve the country they love. With its bipartisan support, it should be a
top item of discussion as we consider much-needed fixes for our
broken immigration system.
I spoke about the bill on the
House floor
watch for more
details
and
read a list of common misconceptions
here .
Job seekers and employers:
have you signed up to attend the 2015 Central Valley Job Fair &amp;
Veterans Summit yet? The fair takes place in just under two weeks, and all
are welcome. Many of the Central Valleys most successful
organizations have joined a growing list of attending employers including E&amp;J
Gallo Winery, Blue Diamond Growers, Lawrence Livermore National Labs,
BNSF Rail Company, UC Merced, Morning Star Company and Lock-N-Stitch.
Please contact my office for more
information .
Im on
Facebook ,
Twitter ,
YouTube
and
Instagram
lets connect!
Wishing you and your family a
wonderful weekend.
JEFF DENHAM
Do you
believe otherwise qualified undocumented immigrants should be able to
apply for military service? Yes No *By answering this survey, you are subscribing to my
newsletter. If you are having trouble, click here.
E-mail Updates
Yes, please periodically send me e-mail updates.*
*By subscribing to my
e-mail updates,
you are authorizing me to send regular e-mail updates from my office to
your e-mail account.
DC office:
1730 Longworth
HOB
Washington, DC
20515
P: 202-225-4540
F:
202-225-3402
Modesto
Office:
4701 Sisk Road, Suite 202
Modesto, CA 95356
P:
209-579-5458
F: 209-579-5028
Unsubscribe
|
Update My
Profile
|
Privacy Policy
gateway
mail end 