
For Immediate Release
Lorenz.Isidro@mail.house.gov
Wednesday April 15, 2015
(202) 225-3465
U.S. Representative Massie to Host 2015 U.S. Service Academy Day
CRESCENT SPRINGS, KY
- Each year, Members of Congress have the privilege of recommending exceptional young people for admission to the U.S. Military Academy at West Point, the Naval Academy, the Air Force Academy, the Merchant Marine Academy, and the Coast Guard Academy, known collectively as the U.S. Service Academies.
The U.S. Service Academies offer a unique opportunity for motivated young men and women to serve their country while improving all facets of their character through a rigorous scholastic curriculum and a disciplined moral and physical regimen. In place of tuition, the Academies ask for military service after graduation. Cadets and Midshipmen graduate as Officers in the United States Military, and many have gone on to be great leaders in our nations history.
Competition for the limited number of opportunities is extremely high. Nominees are chosen based on several factors including character, leadership, academic excellence, physical aptitude, and extracurricular activities. U.S. Representative Massie will recommend the most qualified applicants from the Fourth District.
U.S. Representative Massies
Third Annual U.S. Service Academy Day
aims to bring together Service Academy representatives and interested students and parents to discuss the application process, academy life, and career opportunities within the various branches of the military. Although the program is designed for high school juniors, U.S. Representative Massie encourages younger high school students to attend if they would like to learn more about the Academies and how they can better prepare themselves to apply.
U.S. Service Academy Day will be held Saturday, April 25, 2015, at Gateway Community and Technical College in Florence, Kentucky. Registration begins at 10:00 a.m. and the program will begin at 11:00 a.m. For more information, please visit U.S. Representative Massie's
website
or contact our Crescent Springs District Office by calling 859-426-0080.
Those planning on attending the 2015 U.S. Service Academy Day should
RSVP here .
What:
2015 U.S. Service Academy Day
Date:
Saturday, April 25th, 2015
Time:
Registration begins at 10:00 a.m., the Program begins at 11:00 a.m.
Where: Gateway Community &amp; Technical College
500 Technology Way
Florence, KY 41042
NOTE: Please DO NOT respond to this email as this inbox is unattended. To contact my office please
click here
UPDATE SUBSCRIPTION OPTIONS
|
PRIVACY POLICY
|
CONTACT US
