
Can't see the pictures? Select "Always display images" or
view this message in your browser .
S&iacute; Se Puede
S&iacute; Se Puede
On Thursday, we celebrated the 88th birthday of the late farm labor movement leader,
Csar Chvez , whose extraordinary leadership and commitment to justice continue to inspire civil rights movements in our country and around the world.
Ch&aacute;vez galvanized the farmworkers&rsquo; movement to guarantee that workers who grew and picked the food that helped feed our nation could also provide for their own families.
Ch&aacute;vez&rsquo;s insistent, unyielding determination to win fair wages and fair treatment on American farms continues to strengthen America&rsquo;s future for all. In our contemporary struggles to secure
equal pay for equal work , to protect
voting rights , to
raise the minimum wage
and unite families by passing
comprehensive immigration reform , we are energized by Ch&aacute;vez&rsquo;s vision and iconic leadership.
Let us honor his memory by ensuring that the American Dream is available for all people across our nation.
Nancy Pelosi
@NancyPelosi
History will not look kindly on this new Indiana state law, which turns back the clock on equality for all citizens.
goo.gl/Nnq2UO
5:13 PM - 30 Mar 2015
To follow Congresswoman Pelosi on twitter, please click
here .
Combating the Climate Crisis
The White House
proposal
to the 2015 U.N. Climate Change Conference, which pledges to reduce U.S. carbon pollution by cutting greenhouse gas emissions by up to 28 percent, reflects our nations longstanding commitment to serve as a global leader in combating the climate crisis.
The environmental challenges we face are real and the impacts are already being felt in America and around the world.
No nation can afford to deny the urgency of our circumstances, and our efforts to combat the climate crisis must be immediate and innovative. Only together, with bold and united action, can we secure a sustainable future for our children and our planet.
Our Common Purpose
This holy week, as millions celebrate Passover and Easter with friends, family, and loved ones, may we take this time to reflect on the rich culture and religious diversity that defines and strengthens the United States. May we embrace our shared stewardship of this nation and recommit ourselves to ensuring an even brighter future for tomorrow, whether it is through
serving the less fortunate ,
educating our children , or
preserving our planet
for the generations to come. As we find ourselves united by this common purpose, may we continue to give of ourselves on behalf of others, in the name of the greater good.
Please feel free to
forward this information to your family and friends . To learn more about these efforts, express your views, or sign up for email updates,
please visit my website .
best regards,
This mailing was prepared, published and mailed at taxpayer expense
Unsubscribe
WASHINGTON, DC
233 Cannon HOB
Washington, DC 20515
Phone: (202) 225-4965
Map it!
DISTRICT OFFICE
90 7th Street, Suite 2-800
San Francisco, CA 94103
Phone: (415) 556-4862
Map it!
