
If
you are having trouble viewing this message or would like to share it on
a social network, you can
view the message online .
HOME
ABOUT ME
CONTACT ME
SERVING YOU
MEDIA CENTER
OUR
DISTRICT
RESOURCES
March 23, 2015
Contrasting Visions for
America
Click here to watch a YouTube video of Congressman
Yoder's remarks.
On Tuesday, I spoke on the House
floor about the choice between two contrasting visions for our
nation's future: the Administration's budget proposal that would drown our
nation in $27 trillion in debt and would never balance, versus
Congress' proposal that balances our budgets within ten years without raising
any taxes and makes government more efficient, effective, and
accountable.
American Society of Transplantation Legislator
of the Year Award
Dr. David Cohen of Columbia Transplant Program presenting Congressman
Yoder with the Legislator of the Year Award.
Last
year, I spearheaded a letter along with more than 50 of my colleagues to
Administrator Mary Wakefield at the Health Resources and Services
Administration to express concerns regarding a concept paper released by
the United Network for Organ Sharing (UNOS) Liver and Intestine
Committee. The proposed concept paper would have changed the rules governing
the allocation of livers for transplant. Under these proposed changes
from UNOS, the geographic boundaries for sharing of donor livers would
have been significantly broadened with the goal of redistributing
organs from the Midwest to the coasts, which many believed would actually
reduce local organ donations and have the impact of reducing organ
donations nationwide.
As someone who is
a firm believer in the gift of life through organ donation, I was
humbled and honored to be chosen as the American Society of
Transplantations Legislator of the Year for 2015. Kansans, and the Midwest as a
whole, are traditionally generous when it comes to organ donation.
However, we as policymakers need to work towards raising the donor consent
rates around the nation to levels that we see in the Midwest and
beyond.
We need to move away from policies
that would penalize recipients in high-donation regions like the
Midwest. Instead, we should be removing disincentives to organ donation,
improving promotion and education regarding living organ donation,
developing better donor registries, and encouraging collaboration between
government and private sector groups, in order to improve and save more
lives.
I look forward to continuing
to work with my colleagues in Congress, as well as groups like AST, to
advance these types of ideas to improve our ability to provide donor
organs to the thousands of patients on waiting lists around the
country.
Financial Services Appropriations Subcommittee
Hearing on the IRS
Click here to watch a YouTube video of
Congressman Yoder's line of questioning.
Last
week, I had the opportunity to question IRS Commissioner John Koskinen
when he came before the Financial Services Subcommittee on
Appropriations. I focused on the continued practice of the IRS trampling on
Americans' constitutional rights through denying certain applicants 501(c)(4)
status based on political beliefs, inappropriate reading of emails,
and taking of assets and property without due
process.
I also highlighted the fraud and abuse in the Earned
Income Tax Credit. Astonishingly, the IRS has been paying out the EITC
at a 25% error rate. That equates to between 16 and 19 billion dollars
in benefits wrongfully paid to individuals who do not qualify for the
credit.
ICYMI: My Guest Column at
FairTax.org
Click here to read my guest column at
FairTax.org.
Our tax code is broken and its time to scrap it. Its time to
try the Fair Tax.
The Internal Revenue Service admitted in a
2012 report that Americans waste around $168 billion and 6.1 billion
hours every year trying to comply with the tax code. At over 4 million
words, the code is a lengthy nightmare and thousands of jobs are lost
as individuals and small businesses must waste precious resources
paying accountants and lawyers to navigate its complexities.
Not
only is it a constant drain on our economy, but it is also
fundamentally unfair. This year alone, over half of all Americans
and many
corporations
will pay no income tax due to the numerous loopholes
existing in the current code. Much like todays political system, the tax
codes main strategy is class warfare, with its primary purpose being the
redistribution of wealth, not the generation of revenue to finance
the operation of government.
Its been said that the power to
tax is the power to destroy, and this should be the motto of the
current Administration as it deploys the powers of the tax code to trample
the constitutional rights of Americans. From targeting the free speech
of conservative groups and individuals, to spying and reading
Americans emails without a warrant, to seizing Americans assets without due
process, the IRS cares not for the Constitution.
That is why
I am a cosponsor of Representative Rob Woodalls HR 25, The Fair Tax.
It scraps the tax code by repealing the income, employment, estate,
and gift taxes. Most importantly, it abolishes the IRS.
By
moving from an income-based tax system to a consumption-based tax system,
Americans would be encouraged to earn, save, and invest, which in turn
would create an economic boom in our country.
Everyone would
pay what they owe based upon what they consume, without loopholes,
social engineering, or government-picked winners and losers.
The
Fair Tax admittedly is a bold proposal.
But simply moving deck
chairs on the Titanic wont work. The IRS is broken and its lost the
trust of the American people. Its time for Congress to take up real
change and to take bold acts. Its time to stop the IRS from suffocating
our economy and trampling our constitutional rights. Its time to
consider and pass the Fair Tax and give each individual the tools to
realize the American Dream.
Agriculture Appropriations
Subcommittee Hearing on Rural Development
Click here to
watch a YouTube video of Congressman Yoder's line of
questioning.
We must do all that we can to root out the fraud, waste
and abuse in government spending. Last week, in the Agriculture
Appropriations Subcommittee we had a hearing with Under Secretary of Rural
Development, Lisa Mensah. In our committees work to find solutions to
the overspending and runaway deficits our country faces, I raised
questions about the many loan programs from the Department of Rural
Development, including the Broadband Treasury Rate Loans program, which
according to the Presidents own budget has a 100% default
rate.
Unfortunately, this is not an isolated
incident. According to the Administrations own budget, one in four USDA
programs are defaulting at a rate above 10%. Compare that with the 3%
average default rates for normal private sector loans and with 3.3
trillion dollars tied up in the government loan programs, this small
accounting error equates to billions of taxpayer dollars being wasted as a
result of government inefficiency.
American Cancer
Society Cancer Action Network Breakfast
Click
here to watch a YouTube video of Congressman Yoder addressing the
American Cancer Society Cancer Action Network
Breakfast.
I was honored to speak at the American Cancer Society Cancer Action
Network Breakfast on Tuesday morning on Capitol Hill.
Cancer
doesn't know political parties, state boundaries, or doesn't care
about the effects of sequestration. Cancer is an issue that touches all
of us, and eradicating this disease should be a priority we can all
share.
This year, in Kansas alone, 14,440 people will
be diagnosed with cancer. About 5,510 Kansans will lose their lives to
cancer. Across the United States, cancer will kill more than 589,000
Americans. Sadly, around 50% of those deaths are
preventable.
We are falling behind in cancer research, and Congress must step up
and lead. We must increase funding over the $30 billion level for the
National Institutes of Health, which seems like a lot of money but in
reality is a small investment to make in our future given the long-term
costs of health care and preventable loss of our loved
ones.
Fair
Access to Science and Technology Research Act
Last
week, I joined a bipartisan coalition of members from the Senate and House
of Representatives in introducing
HR 1477 - the Fair Access to Science and Technology Research
(FASTR) Act , a bill to improve public access to
federally-funded research.
The FASTR Acts
introduction coincided with Sunshine Week, a movement to highlight the
need for transparency and openness from the federal
government.
The bill takes meaningful steps to improve transparency and
accountability. It will not only bring easier access to federally-funded
research, but will also help ensure that our taxpayer dollars are getting
their highest possible return on investment. It
would:
Require each publicly-funded researcher to submit an electronic
copy of the final text of peer-reviewed research and ensure that
manuscript is available for free online access within six
months.
Spur innovation and encourage job creation by allowing faster access
to research that can help individuals and businesses turn ideas and
concepts into goods and services.
Encourage private
investment in information technology to capitalize on government
research.
Ensure a higher return on taxpayer investment that could be
worth around $1.6 billion.
Spring Break Visitors
Congressman Yoder poses with the
Anstine family from Overland Park before they embark on a staff-led Capitol
Tour.
Thank you to all of the families who came to
Washington, DC over Spring Break last week. It was great to see so many
Kansans coming to Washington to see the monuments and museums that DC
has to offer.
For more information on scheduling tours
with my staff,
click here
to visit my website .
Fact of the Week
The Kansas Jayhawks' appearance in
the NCAA Tournament in Omaha over the weekend marked the 26th
consecutive year in which they have made the tournament. It is the
longest-active streak in the nation, trailing only the North Carolina Tar Heels
streak of 27 years from 1975-2001 for longest
all-time.
JCCC Cavaliers Women Win NJCAA Division II National
Championship
Click here for coverage from the
Kansas City
Star .
Congratulations to the Johnson County Community
College Cavaliers women's team for winning the NJCAA Division II
National Championship. Saturday's win was the second national championship
for the Cavaliers, who defeated the 35-0 Parkland College by a 66-64
final score.
Legislative Look
Ahead
MONDAY, MARCH 23RD
H.R. 360
- Native American Housing
Assistance and Self-Determination Reauthorization
Act
H.R. 233
-
Tenant Income Verification Relief Act
H.R. 216
- Department of Veterans
Affairs Budget Planning Reform Act
H. Res. 53
- Condemning the
cowardly attack on innocent men, women, and children in the northeastern
Nigerian town of Baga
H. Res. ___ -
Calling on the President to provide Ukraine with military assistance to
defend its sovereignty and territorial
integrity
TUESDAY, MARCH 24TH AND THE REST OF THE
WEEK
H.R. 1092
- To designate
the Federal building located at 2030 Southwest 145th Avenue in Miramar,
Florida, as the Benjamin P. Grogan and Jerry L. Dove Federal Bureau
of Investigation Miami Field
Office
H. Con. Res. __ - Establishing the budget for the United States
Government for fiscal year 2016 and setting forth appropriate budgetary
levels for fiscal years 2017 through
2025
Consideration of legislation related to the Medicare Sustainable
Growth Rate
Weekly Legislative Wrap
Up
MONDAY, MARCH 16TH
H.R.
639
Improving Regulatory Transparency for New Medical Therapies Act
PASSED BY VOICE VOTE (YES)
H.R. 647
Access to Life-Saving Trauma
Care for All Americans Act
PASSED 389
10
(YES)
H.R. 648
Trauma
Systems and Regionalization of Emergency Care Reauthorization Act
PASSED 382
15 (YES)
H.R. 876
NOTICE Act
PASSED 395
0
(YES)
H.R.
284
Medicare DMEPOS Competitive Bidding Improvement Act
PASSED
BY VOICE VOTE
TUESDAY, MARCH
17TH
H.R. 1191
Protecting Volunteer Firefighters
and Emergency Responders Act
PASSED 415
0
(YES)
Amendments to H.R. 1029:
Grayson
(D-FL) Amendment
ADOPTED BY VOICE VOTE
(YES)
Polis (D-CO) Amendment
ADOPTED BY VOICE VOTE
(YES)
Bonamici (D-OR) Amendment
REJECTED BY
VOICE VOTE (YES)
McKinley (R-WV)
Amendment
ADOPTED 242
175
(YES)
H.R. 1029
EPA
Science Advisory Board Reform Act
PASSED 236
181
(YES)
WEDNESDAY, MARCH
18TH
Amendments to H.R.
1030:
Edwards (D-MD) Amendment
REJECTED 164
254
(NO)
Kennedy, III (D-MA) Amendment
REJECTED
184
231 (NO)
H.R. 1030
Secret Science Reform Act
PASSED 241
175
(YES)
THURSDAY, MARCH 19TH
Staff
Community Office Hours
My staff can assist you from 8:00 AM
- 5:00 PM, Monday through Friday in my Overland Park Office. They can
help with any issues or concerns, as well as to provide assistance
with federal agencies and programs, including Veterans' Affairs,
Medicare, Social Security, Passports, and
Visas.
Also, we periodically have Staff Community Office Hours throughout
the district. If you are unable to visit my office, please consider
coming to the following location if it is more convenient for
you:
12:00 PM - 1:00 PM on March
24
Kansas City, Kansas Public Library
Main
Branch
625 Minnesota Avenue
Kansas City, Kansas
66101
3:30 PM - 5:00 PM on April
29
Blue Valley Library
9000 W. 151st
Street
Overland Park, Kansas 66221
Tell a Friend
E-mail:
E-mail:
E-mail:
Please
click below to follow me on Twitter, Facebook, Instagram and
YouTube.
Washington, DC
215 Cannon
HOB
Washington, DC 20515
Phone: (202) 225-2865
Hours:
Monday-Friday
9:00AM -6:00PM EST
Overland
Park
7325 W. 79th St.
Overland Park, KS
66204
Phone: (913) 621-0832
Fax: (913) 621-1533
Hours: Monday-Friday
8:00AM -5:00PM CST
Unsubscribe
|
Update My Profile
|
Privacy
Policy
gateway mail end
