DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.0 Transitional//EN" "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml1/DTD/xhtml1-transitional.dtd"
OK-04 District Update | April 10, 2015
Click here
if you have trouble viewing this email
As we begin another month, I wanted to check in and provide you with an update on my work for the Fourth District in the U.S. House of Representatives. In addition to passing several vital pieces of legislation, the last few weeks have been filled with committee hearings and meetings with some great Oklahoma groups. Read on to learn more.
Starting budget negotiations
As a member of the House Budget Committee, I was pleased to join Budget Chairman Tom Price in unveiling
A Balanced Budget for a Stronger America
a few weeks ago. As it has in previous years, this years House blueprint deals with the nations massive debt problem by offering solutions to balance the budget, cut spending, reform the tax code and address entitlements.
During the last five consecutive years since taking majority, House Republicans have shown their commitment to responsible solutions. And just over a week after the budget proposal was announced, I was very pleased to see it successfully passed out of committee. That proposal was then strengthened in terms of defense spending by the Rules Committee, on which I sit, before it was
successfully passed by members on the House floor .
For the first time in quite some time, I was encouraged to see the Senate actually join the House in drafting and passing a similar plan. Before Senate Republicans claimed the majority, no such document had been proposed for six years. While our budget proposals are not identical and have not won full consensus in either body yet,
each represents the starting positions for negotiating something we can all agree on . Just as each chamber worked out differences in committee mark-ups and then during floor consideration, finding the same common ground is still required in the days ahead in order to reconcile the two budgets. I am hopeful that this is possible and will provide a guide for responsible government funding.
Protecting Medicare for future generations
A couple week ago, through a strong display of bipartisanship, House members voted on legislation that would
fix a broken component of Medicare
that is threatening the programs survival. Instead of relying on another temporary and expensive doc-fix solution, I was pleased that lawmakers voted to permanently replace the sustainable growth rate payment model that often short-changes Medicare reimbursements for doctors. The replacement payment system properly compensates physicians and allows them to provide the best care to their patients, but it also prevents patients from becoming uninsured or having to resort to Obamacare.
In addition to solving the broken payment system, the House legislation provided a two-year extension for funding community health centers, which provide invaluable access to quality care in communities where it would otherwise be scarce. Through small structural reforms, the bill also reflected bipartisan commitment to reforming Medicare to protect its existence for generations to come. In the coming days, I expect passage of similar legislation in the Senate.
Dangers of trusting Iran
Despite
concerns brought before Congress last month by Israeli Prime Minister Netanyahu
and our history of dealings with deceptive Iran, President Obama has remained set on reaching a historic deal in
P5+1 negotiations . Out of grave concern about the direction of the negotiations leading up to the March 31 deadline for a framework to be announced, I joined my colleagues in urging the president to think long and hard about the deal he reportedly intended to secure and err on the side of caution.
Common sense and past experience should make it obvious that Iran's objective is to develop the capability to produce a nuclear weapon at a moment's notice. Sadly, a tentative framework that the president called a historic understanding with Iran was announced last week.
America and our allies have everything to lose and nothing to gain by trusting Iran.
By conceding to these dangerous and dishonest actors , the president is jeopardizing the safety of our country and that of our friends. In my opinion, the president now has an obligation to submit any agreement of this magnitude to Congress for its consideration. In the days ahead, I will work with my colleagues on both sides of the aisle to assure that he does so and that lawmakers engage in a vigorous debate on a matter of such gravity.
Talking about the issues
This Congress, I am again serving on
three committees , which includes
Budget ,
Appropriations
and
Rules . Each of these committees have jurisdiction over some important issues that require careful thought and consideration. In addition to personal study of the issues, hearings provide an opportunity for dialogue and discussion, and these meetings play a critical part in informing my decisions.
Nearly every day that the House was in session last month, I was participating in a hearing in one of my committees. I currently chair the
Appropriations Subcommittee on Labor-HHS-Education , where we have already had many productive discussions about funding priorities for the next fiscal year. To keep up with these and other hearings, subscribe to my
YouTube channel
or follow
this playlist .
Being prepared for severe weather
The first storms across our state recently reminded us that tornadoes come with little notice or warning, and its critical that all individuals and families have preparedness plans in place. My heart goes out to the families who suffered the worst of the weather in Sand Springs and to others in my own district in Moore. As we enter the riskier weeks for tornadoes again, I encourage you to utilize the resources provided both by the
National Weather Center
and
Ready.gov .
Calling high school student artists
It's that time of year again! I am very pleased to announce that my office is accepting artwork submissions from Fourth District students for the
Congressional Art Competition . The grand prize includes display of the winner's artwork for one year in our nation's capital and travel with a guest to D.C. for a winner's reception, workshop and award presentation--courtesy of Southwest Airlines.
Submissions are due on
Friday, April 24 at 5 p.m.
Drop-off locations for artwork are listed
here .
If you have other questions, please reach out to my Norman office at (405) 329-6500.
#FourthDistrictFriday
On Fridays, keep a lookout on
Facebook
and
Twitter
for
#FourthDistrictFriday . In the days ahead, I will be sharing stories from communities across our district that celebrate our history, people, places and some of the other great things taking place right where we live. If you have an idea to share from your OK-04 community, send tips to me
here .
What Im reading
As an eternal learner, I am constantly reading. Last year, I started sharing my monthly reading list and quarterly handpicked selections on my
website . In case you missed it last month during Womens History Month, I recommended some of my favorite books about women who have influenced history. See those and other archived selections
here .
Stay in touch
As your Congressman, I want to keep you informed on the issues facing our district, state and country. Follow the conversation or reach out to me using #OK04 on
Twitter . You can also connect with me on
Facebook ,
YouTube
or
Instagram .
If you have a legislative question or other inquiry, please send an email through my website
here .
Sincerely,
Tom Cole
Member of Congress
Always enjoy welcoming members of the Norman Chamber of Commerce, from the Fourth District of Oklahoma, during their annual fly-in to D.C. Earlier last month over breakfast, I provided a legislative update and answered questions.
Had the great privilege of welcoming Oklahomas own Shannon Miller, still the most decorated gymnast in American history and a member of the Magnificent Seven gymnastics team that claimed the first team Olympic gold in 1996 for USA. Now a cancer survivor and health and fitness advocate, it was truly an honor to meet Shannon earlier this week.
Got to visit with several Oklahomans representing the National Association of Community Health Centers. Its these individuals, and others across the nation, that help provide access to quality care in communities where it would otherwise be scarce.
Had a great meeting with Dr. Terry Phelps and Kimberly Schooler, visiting on behalf of the Oklahoma Writing Project and the National Writing Project. Both networks aim to serve and equip educators of writing and help improve literacy and achievement among learners.
Started the week off at The Oklahoman, where I had a great conversation with Owen Canfield.
Yesterday, Jay Monroe showed me around EMC Valve and Manufactory plant in Chickasha.
Great group and visit with the Carter County Sheriff's office this week.
I am very pleased to announce that my office is accepting artwork submissions from Fourth District high school students for the
Congressional Art Competition .
Submissions are due on Friday, April 24.
If you are planning a trip to our nation's capital, my office is pleased to help you make
tour arrangements
and provide advice for visiting some of the
major sites . When you visit, be sure to stop by my
D.C. office
to say hello.
In case you missed it last month during Womens History Month,
I recommended some of my favorite books
about women who have influenced history. See those and other archived selections
here .
Washington, DC Office
2458 Rayburn HOB
Washington, DC 20515
Phone: (202) 225-6165
Norman
2424 Springer Dr., Suite 201
Norman, OK 73069
Phone: (405) 329-6500
Ada
100 E. 13th St., Suite 213
Ada, OK 74820
Phone: (580) 436-5375
Lawton
711 SW D Ave., Suite 201
Lawton, OK 73501
Phone: (580) 357-2131
UPDATE SUBSCRIPTION OPTIONS
|
CONTACT US
Click Here Click Here