
Preventing A Nuclear Armed Iran
Recently, President Obama made a tentative agreement with the leaders of the Islamic Republic of Iran on one of the most sensitive and vital issues facing America's national security. Soon, the U.S. Senate will vote, not on whether to approve this agreement, but to ensure Congress plays a role in the issue. Congress has a constitutional obligation in matters of war, peace, and national security, and neither President Obama nor any other president can by himself make an agreement with such far-reaching consequences for our country and the world. I will vote in favor of a Congressional role.
There is much to question about this proposed deal. But the first matter before us is whether these questions will even be asked, or whether President Obama will have a blank check to finalize any deal he sees fit. Congress must ask the tough questions. It would be a tragedy for our system of government and for our national security if this highly questionable deal with Iran were allowed to go through without even a vote in Congress. The security of the American people is at stake.
You can read my thoughts
here .
Working For Veterans
This week, the
Department of Veterans Affairs
Office of Inspector General released a report that indicates the Philly VA Regional Office, one of the largest veterans claims offices in the nation, was altering and hiding documents that resulted in longer waits for veterans' claims. The report's findings are outrageous and totally unacceptable. They highlight the toxic culture of mismanagement within the office, where staff were pressured to alter long-overdue claim dates to stay in compliance and were afraid to come forward to report problems.
The backlog of veterans' disabilities claims in our state and nationwide is a disgrace. But we may not know truly how far behind the VA is in processing these cases because it appears management was covering up the problem.
The report has to be a call to action. It's time for accountability and swift action against those VA workers who are at fault.
You can read my thoughts
here .
Championing Innovation And Jobs In Pennsylvania
On Wednesday, I met with representatives from
Pennsylvania BIO
and the
Biotechnology Industry Organization . They presented me with the Federal Public Official of the Year Award for the Senate. I am pictured above with Fritz Bittenbender (left) of BIO and Christopher Molineaux (right) of Pennsylvania BIO.
In Pennsylvania, we have the potential to create tens of thousands of additional jobs in the life sciences industry and continue to be a leader in the creation of life-saving technologies and products.
I'm proud to support legislation that promotes this growing industry, helps improve lives, and creates new job opportunities for Pennsylvanians. I thank Pennsylvania BIO for this recognition and am honored to accept this award.
Supporting Small Businesses and Economic Growth
Four years ago, David and Edna Tevet, owners of
Ollie's Restaurant
in Edwardsville, founded the "Dinners For Kids" initiative program with the goal of fighting childhood hunger with healthy meals.
The program now serves 120 children in their community, totaling more than 37,000 meals per year. The food is prepared at their restaurant, packaged, and delivered to the homes of children by volunteers six nights a week. Not only is this program vital to the health of 120 children, it is also incredibly efficient. They produce each meal at a cost of $2.20, far below the federal rate of $3.25 for children's meals.
The National Restaurant Association awarded Ollie's with the " 2015 National Restaurant Neighbor Award " - and deservedly so. David and Edna are vital to the health and wellbeing of so many children, and I am grateful they have taken it upon themselves to fight childhood hunger. I was delighted to meet with them at my office on Wednesday.
Protecting Seniors And Improving Medicare
For too long, the flawed Medicare payment formula has created unacceptable uncertainty for doctors and hospitals.
This week, Congress finally solved this problem, which had threatened draconian reimbursement cuts for physicians. We passed the Medicare Access and CHIP Reauthorization Act of 2015, and I was pleased to support this measure. I hope the president will soon sign this bipartisan legislation into law so seniors will have peace of mind about access to their doctors, and the legislative brinksmanship surrounding Medicare reimbursement will finally be put to an end.
I also am pleased that this legislation - while far from perfect - includes lasting, bipartisan structural reforms, such as asking some wealthier seniors to pay a bit more, in order to improve Medicare's long-term financial solvency. I will continue working with colleagues on both sides of the aisle on additional ways to improve our health care system.
ALLENTOWN, PA
PH: (610) 434-1444
ERIE, PA
PH: (814) 453-3010
HARRISBURG, PA
PH: (717) 782-3951
JOHNSTOWN, PA
PH: (814) 266-5970
PHILADELPHIA, PA
PH: (215) 241-1090
PITTSBURGH, PA
PH: (412) 803-3501
SCRANTON, PA
PH: (570) 941-3540
WASHINGTON, D.C.
PH: (202) 224-4254
UNSUBSCRIBE
