
RAND'S NEWSLETTER UPDATE
MARCH 27, 2015
Please allow me to update you on this week's happenings in Washington, D.C.
Dr. Rand Paul Introduces Amendment to Offset Increased OCO Funding to Senate's FY2016 Budget
After voting on a series of amendments, the U.S. Senate passed a budget for the 2016 fiscal year on Friday morning, including an amendment I introduced, which would pay for the $96 billion of Overseas Contingency Operations (OCO) funding in the budget. That funding is exempted from budget caps and slated to cover ongoing war costs and increased defense spending in the regular defense budget contrary to the 2011 Budget Control Act. The amendment, however, failed to pass the Senate.
First and foremost, a strong national defense should always be the federal government's main responsibility. I believe Congress can and should pay for our top priorities and not use budgeting gimmicks to evade spending limits.
Click
HERE
to read my statement.
Dr. Rand Paul Introduces the Harbor Equity Act
On Tuesday, I reintroduced the Harbor Equity Act - legislation which modifies the existing criteria used by the U.S. Army Corps of Engineers to dredge small harbors.
Currently, the Corps' prioritizes dredging solely for larger harbors that see 1 million or more tons in traffic per year - often forcing small community harbors to fund their own dredging or be forced to shut down operations. The Harbor Equity Act will drop the minimum tonnage requirements and prioritize smaller harbors for dredging rather than just larger, commercial harbors.
The interconnectedness of the inland waterway system requires dredging of the smaller connecting harbors for an efficient transport of goods. The Corps' current system makes dredge work for small harbors in Kentucky far from certain. Serving as the backbone for their local commerce, the closure of these harbors have significant and long-lasting impacts on the families in these communities. My bill will protect smaller ports from potentially facing shut-downs, by ensuring they are considered for the Corps' dredging efforts.
Click
HERE
to read my entire statement.
Dr. Rand Paul, Sens. McConnell, Heller, and Capito Introduce Legislation to Help America's Rural Communities
U.S. Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell and I introduced
legislation today to help rural communities harmed by Obama
Administration policies that restrict access to rural lending
opportunities. Sens. Dean Heller (R-NV), Shelley Moore Capito (R-WV) are
original cosponsors of the
Helping Expand Lending Practices in (HELP) Rural Communities Act ,
which would provide rural communities with better access to credit opportunities that can help grow their local economies.
The
HELP Rural Communities Act
is a common sense piece of
legislation that would help rural communities obtain their housing
needs.
I vehemently oppose the actions of overzealous bureaucrats who
are limiting financing options in our rural communities. I am proud to
work with Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell to expand housing
options in rural Kentucky.
Click
HERE
to read my statement in its entirety.
Dr. Rand Paul Introduces Endangered Species Management Self-Determination Act
On Tuesday, I reintroduced the Endangered Species Management Self-Determination Act. This legislation provides state governors with the power to regulate intrastate endangered species and intrastate threatened species.
This bill will better protect endangered species by allowing a more tailored response as implemented by the states. The Endangered Species Management Self-Determination Act ensures that local needs will be considered in the regulation process and places the decision-making into the hands of the states by allowing them to choose whether regulation occurs on the state or federal level.
Click
HERE
to read the Endangered Species Management Self-Determination Act in its entirety.
Dr. Rand Paul, Sen. Schatz &amp; Reps. Brown, Ellison Introduce Bipartisan Legislation To Help Expand Use of Police Body Cameras
On Thursday, Brian Schatz (D-Hawai'i), U.S. Representatives Corrine Brown (FL-05), Keith Ellison (MN-05) and I introduced the Police Creating Accountability by Making Effective Recording Available (Police CAMERA) Act of 2015. This bipartisan legislation would create a pilot grant program, using existing funding, to assist state and local law enforcement agencies with purchasing or leasing body-worn cameras.
Body cameras will benefit the brave men and women who serve in our police force and the people they protect. The use of body cameras helps officers collect and preserve evidence to solve crimes, while also decreasing the number of complaints against police. The Police CAMERA Act will help state and local police departments access this new tool, while ensuring that the privacy rights of every civilian is respected.
Click
HERE
to read my entire statement.
Dr. Rand Paul Speaks at the Awake American Capitol Connection Event
On Tuesday, I had the honor of speaking to 400 Pastors, including many from Kentucky, at the Awake American Capitol Connection Event in the Congressional Auditorium in the U.S. Capitol.
(Dr. Rand Paul speaks at the Awake American Capitol Connection Event - March 24, 2015)
Dr. Rand Paul Meets with the Kentucky Bankers Association
On Tuesday afternoon, I again had the pleasure of meeting with the Kentucky Bankers Association. While speaking with the Bankers Association, we discussed regulatory relief for banks and housing finance reform.
(Dr. Rand Paul and the Kentucky Banker Association - March 24, 2015)
Dr. Rand Paul Meets with Kentucky Juvenile Diabetes Research Foundation
I had the opportunity to meet with the Kentucky Juvenile Diabetes Research Foundation in my offices on Tuesday afternoon. At the meeting, I briefly spoke with the group on the complications stemming from Obamacare.
(Dr. Rand Paul and the Kentucky Juvenile Database Research - March 24, 2015)
Dr. Rand Paul Meets with Kentucky Members of the International Council of Shopping Centers
On Wednesday, I had the opportunity to meet the Kentucky members of the International Council of Shopping Centers. It was a pleasure meeting with the group to discuss tax reform and energy efficiency.
(Dr. Rand Paul and International Council of Shopping Centers - March 25, 2015)
Dr. Rand Paul Meets with Kentucky Members of the Alzheimer's Association
I also had the opportunity to meet with Kentucky members of the Alzheimer's Association on Wednesday morning. During the discussion, we touched on many important topics including Alzheimer's research and other priorities related to research and caregiver support.
(Dr. Rand Paul and Alzheimer's Association - March 25, 2015)
Dr. Rand Paul Meets with Professional Insurance Agents of Kentucky
On Thursday, I had the pleasure of meeting with the Professional Insurance Agents of Kentucky. During the meeting, we discussed many important topics including issues Healthcare reform and crop insurance.
(Dr. Rand Paul and Professional Insurance Agents - March 26, 2015)
Dr. Rand Paul Meets with Kentuckians from the U.S. Travel Association
I had the opportunity to meet with the Kentuckians from the U.S. Travel Association outside the Senate Floor on Thursday afternoon. It was great to meet with the group and discuss Federal Aviation Administration (FAA) Reauthorization, among other important topics.
(Dr. Rand Paul and U.S. Travel Association - March 26, 2015)
Media Wrap-Up
This week, I appeared on Fox's
Hannity
and the
Kelly File . I spoke with several radio stations across the country, as well as stations in Kentucky including Brian Jackson from WVJS.
Have An Issue Or Concern?
If you are a Kentucky resident and need assistance with a federal agency or concern, feel free to contact the Bowling Green office (270-782-8303) to have a discussion with the appropriate staff member.
Stay in Touch with Sen. Paul's Social Media
You can find updates on what I'm doing by visiting my Senate website,
www.paul.senate.gov
and you can follow my official Google+ account
HERE . You can also subscribe to my YouTube channel
HERE . Don't forget to become a fan of my
official Facebook page
and my
official Instagram page
for other timely updates.
Warm Regards,
To unsubscribe from Rand's newsletter, please visit the
unsubscribe page
