, which would prohibit employers from discriminating against employees, their spouses, and their dependents because of their private reproductive health decisions.
This is the first time the committee has voted to overturn a D.C. law in more than two decades .
The Washington Posts Dana Milbank lampooned the committees Republicans for was once again appealing to theocracy
in the name of protecting religious liberty.
I am particularly grateful to my colleagues, the OGR Democrats, who rallied to D.C.s cause
in the fight against the OGR Republicans invasion into D.C.s home rule and the private health decisions made by our employees. My friends Democratic Leader Nancy Pelosi (D-CA), Democratic Whip Steny Hoyer (D-MD), OGR Ranking Member Elijah Cummings (D-MD), and House Judiciary Committee Ranking Member John Conyers (D-MI), as well as House Pro-Choice Caucus co-chairs Representative Louise Slaughter (D-NY) and Representative Diana DeGette (D-CO), all denounced the disapproval resolution in public statements.
We appreciate DC Vote Executive Director Kim Perry and advocates for coming to the markup and holding signs that said, The District is Not a Political Pawn.
With a strong pro-choice coalition and Democratic leadership working with our residents, this is not over!
Cheering the D.C. Liberty Pole on National Mall to Support Statehood Advocates
I was happy to visit the D.C. Democracy Vigil
on the sixth and final day of their demonstration last week.
These creative statehood advocates erected a 42-foot D.C. Liberty Pole on the National Mall to raise attention for the statehood movement.
I hope the Liberty Pole event becomes a D.C. tradition, a symbol from the nations revolutionary past that residents can rally around to keep the pressure on Congress to provide D.C. residents with full and equal rights.
We will not win statehood without more visible action that educates Americans by capturing public attention.
The credit goes to Adam Eidinger and his fellow organizers for pulling off a great demonstration!
Working to Speed Up Spring Valley Chemical Cleanup
At a congressional hearing last week, I urged the U.S. Army Corps of Engineers to do everything they can to expedite federal efforts to excavate and restore the Formerly Used Defense Site
located in Spring Valley, the residential neighborhood near American University.
If there are dangerous chemicals that still hide in this attractive residential neighborhood, the sooner we know it the better after two decades of cleanup activity.
I look forward to working with the Corps to find solutions to expediting the cleanup.
Rallying with Low-Wage Senate Contract Workers for a Living Wage
Last week, U.S. Senate contract janitor and food service workers got me fired up
as I spoke at their rally outside the Capitol Visitor Center after they walked off the job to strike against the Senate for the first time ever.
Joining the Senate federal contract workers at the rally were hundreds of federal contract workers from the U.S. Capitol, Pentagon, Smithsonian, U.S. Department of Education, and U.S. Department of Agriculture, along with Members of Congress and representatives from Good Jobs Nation.
The workers and I called on President Obama to sign an executive order
that pays a livable wage of at least $15 an hour and gives the right to collectively bargain.
President Obama has already raised the minimum wage for federal contract workers to $10.10 while Congress has done nothing for the nations workers.
Now the workers want the President to lead by example again.
Raising federal contract worker wages to $15 would be a strong signal to many private companies that they should follow suit.
On Earth Day, Introducing a Bill to Begin Eliminating Nuclear Weapons Once and For All
To help protect the planet and environment from the grave threat of nuclear war, I introduced the Nuclear Weapons Abolition and Economic and Energy Conversion Act of 2015 , requiring the United States to negotiate an international agreement to disable and dismantle its nuclear weapons by 2020.
Funds used for nuclear weapons instead would be redirected to human and infrastructure needs, such as housing, health care, Social Security and the environment.
I have introduced a version of the bill since 1994, after working with the District of Columbia residents who were responsible for the nuclear disarmament ballot initiative passed by D.C. voters in 1993.
As the United States seeks to eliminate the nuclear threat from Iran, our country, with the worlds largest nuclear arsenal, should lead by example by reducing our already unnecessarily high number of warheads, and move toward realizing a world without nuclear weapons.
doctype html
Congresswoman Nortons e-Newsletter
Monday, April 27, 2015
Event Next Week: Community Conversation on Airplane Noise
Republican Committee Passes Resolution to Overturn D.C. Bill Protecting Employees from Reproductive Health Discrimination, But the Fight Rages On
Last week, the House Oversight and Government Reform Committee (OGR) on a party-line vote passed
a disapproval resolution to overturn the District of Columbia Reproductive Health Non-Discrimination Act , which would prohibit employers from discriminating against employees, their spouses, and their dependents because of their private reproductive health
decisions.
This
is the first time the committee has voted to overturn a D.C. law in more than two decades .
The Washington Posts Dana Milbank lampooned the committees Republicans for
was once again appealing to theocracy
in the name of protecting religious liberty.
I am particularly grateful to my colleagues,
the OGR Democrats, who rallied to D.C.s cause
in the fight against the OGR Republicans invasion into D.C.s home rule and the private health decisions made by our employees. My friends Democratic Leader Nancy Pelosi (D-CA), Democratic Whip Steny Hoyer
(D-MD), OGR Ranking Member Elijah Cummings (D-MD), and House Judiciary Committee Ranking Member John Conyers (D-MI), as well as House Pro-Choice Caucus co-chairs Representative Louise Slaughter (D-NY) and Representative Diana DeGette (D-CO), all denounced
the disapproval resolution in public statements.
We appreciate DC Vote Executive Director Kim Perry and advocates for coming to the markup and holding signs that said, The District is Not a Political Pawn.
With a strong pro-choice coalition and Democratic
leadership working with our residents, this is not over!
Cheering the D.C. Liberty Pole on National Mall to Support Statehood Advocates
I was happy
to visit the D.C. Democracy Vigil
on the sixth and final day of their demonstration last week.
These creative statehood advocates erected a 42-foot D.C. Liberty Pole on the National Mall to raise attention for the statehood movement.
I hope the Liberty Pole event becomes a D.C. tradition,
a symbol from the nations revolutionary past that residents can rally around to keep the pressure on Congress to provide D.C. residents with full and equal rights.
We will not win statehood without more visible action that educates Americans by capturing
public attention.
The credit goes to Adam Eidinger and his fellow organizers for pulling off a great demonstration!
Working to Speed Up Spring Valley Chemical Cleanup
At a congressional hearing last week, I urged the U.S. Army Corps of Engineers to do everything they can to expedite federal
efforts to excavate and restore the Formerly Used Defense
Site
located in Spring Valley, the residential neighborhood near American University.
If there are dangerous chemicals that still hide in this attractive residential neighborhood,
the sooner we know it the better after two decades of cleanup activity.
I look forward to working with the Corps to find solutions to expediting the cleanup.
Rallying with Low-Wage Senate Contract Workers for a Living Wage
Last week,
U.S. Senate contract janitor and food service workers got me fired up
as I spoke at their rally outside the Capitol Visitor Center after they walked off the job to strike against the Senate for the first time ever.
Joining the Senate federal contract workers
at the rally were hundreds of federal contract workers from the U.S. Capitol, Pentagon, Smithsonian, U.S. Department of Education, and U.S. Department of Agriculture, along with Members of Congress and representatives from Good Jobs Nation.
The workers and
I
called on President Obama to sign an executive order
that pays a livable wage of at least $15 an hour and gives the right to collectively bargain.
President Obama has already raised the minimum wage for federal contract workers to $10.10 while Congress has done nothing for the nations workers.
Now the workers
want the President to lead by example again.
Raising federal contract worker wages to $15 would be a strong signal to many private companies that they should follow suit.
On Earth Day, Introducing a Bill to Begin Eliminating Nuclear Weapons Once and For All
To help protect the planet and environment from the grave threat of nuclear war,
I introduced the Nuclear Weapons Abolition and Economic and Energy
Conversion Act of 2015 , requiring the United States to negotiate an international agreement to disable and dismantle its nuclear weapons by 2020.
Funds used for nuclear weapons
instead would be redirected to human and infrastructure needs, such as housing, health care, Social Security and the environment.
I have introduced a version of the bill since 1994, after working with the District of Columbia residents who were responsible
for the nuclear disarmament ballot initiative passed by D.C. voters in 1993.
As the United States seeks to eliminate the nuclear threat from Iran, our country, with the worlds largest nuclear arsenal, should lead by example by reducing our already unnecessarily
high number of warheads, and move toward realizing a world without nuclear weapons.
Thanks for subscribing!
Follow Congresswoman Norton on
Facebook ,
Twitter ,
Instagram ,
YouTube , or her
website
for more updates.
Capitol Hill Office
2136 Rayburn HOB
Washington, D.C. 20515
Phone: (202) 225-8050
Fax: (202) 225-3002
S.E. District Office
2041 Martin Luther King Jr. Ave., S.E.
Washington, D.C. 20020
Phone: (202) 678-8900
Fax: (202) 678-8844
Main District Office
90 K Street, N.E., Suite 100
Washington DC 20001
Phone: (202) 408-9041
Fax: (202) 408-9048
To unsubscribe from our list, please click here .
