
Official Site
Constituent Services
News
Contact
U.S. Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell&rsquo;s eNewsletter - - Week of April 6, 2015
McConnell: Senate Will Review Obama Administration&rsquo;s Interim Nuke Agreement
On Monday, U.S. Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell said, &ldquo;The administration needs to explain to the Congress and the American people why an interim agreement should result in reduced pressure on the world's leading state sponsor of terror. The Senate will review these parameters more thoroughly, and respond legislatively with the Iran Nuclear Agreement Review Act of 2015, which is scheduled to be reported out of the Senate Foreign Relations Committee next week.&rdquo; Click
HERE
to read the Senator&rsquo;s full statement regarding the Obama Administration&rsquo;s interim agreement on Iran&rsquo;s nuclear program.
Last week Senator McConnell led a delegation of Senators to Israel, Jordan, Iraq, and Afghanistan. Click
HERE
to read more about the Senator&rsquo;s Middle East trip in a report from
Roll Call .
In Israel, Senator McConnell met with Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu. Click the image below to view remarks given during their discussion.
During his trip to Afghanistan, Senator McConnell personally thanked Kentucky troops from the 101st Airborne Division for their service.
Senator McConnell Hosts Nation&rsquo;s Drug Czar in Northern Kentucky to Discuss Drug Epidemic
This week, the
Kentucky Enquirer
published Senator McConnell&rsquo;s op-ed,
&ldquo;Drug Czar Needs to Hear From NKY.&rdquo;
Senator McConnell wrote, &ldquo;We all must do whatever it takes to confront this growing national problem that has visited our Kentucky communities in a particularly painful way.&rdquo; Click
HERE
to read the Senator&rsquo;s op-ed.
Earlier this year, Senator McConnell invited Michael Botticelli, the Director of National Drug Control Policy, to visit Kentucky and speak with community leaders, experts in the areas of law enforcement, workforce development, public health and medicine, and those affected by heroin addiction.
On Thursday, Senator McConnell and Director Botticelli delivered remarks in Covington, Kentucky at the Northern Kentucky Chamber of Commerce forum,
The Federal Response to the Heroin Epidemic . During the forum in Covington and a visit to St. Elizabeth Healthcare in Edgewood, Senator McConnell and Director Botticelli listened to and discussed the challenges and opportunities relating to prevention, prosecution, and treatment/recovery efforts.
Senator McConnell and the Drug Czar at St. Elizabeth Healthcare in Edgewood, Kentucky.
Senator McConnell and the Drug Czar at the drug epidemic forum in Covington, Kentucky. Photo credit: Northern Kentucky Health Department
Following the forum in Covington, Senator McConnell and the Drug Czar spoke with the media.
Senator McConnell also discussed his visit to the region and hosting the Drug Czar in a radio interview with 55KRC&rsquo;s Brian Thomas. Click
HERE
to listen.
An article from
The Hill
described the forum in Kentucky as an opportunity for Senator McConnell and the Drug Czar to &ldquo;discuss steps to fight the rising state and national problem of drug abuse.&rdquo;
WLWT-TV reported , &ldquo;In admirable bipartisan intent and commitment, McConnell and Michael Botticelli put emphasis on the effort to understand, fully identify and work on the problem.&rdquo;
Senator McConnell Visits Central Kentucky
On Tuesday, Senator McConnell addressed the Jessamine County Chamber of Commerce during an event at the RJ Corman Hangar. Senator McConnell gave a legislative update and enjoyed meeting with citizens in Nicholasville, Kentucky. Click
HERE
to read a report by the
Jessamine Journal
on the Senator&rsquo;s visit.
While in Nicholasville, Senator McConnell joined WNJK-FM host Dennis Smith for an in-studio interview.
During his visit to central Kentucky, Senator McConnell met with members of the Kentucky Coal Association and discussed his fight against the President&rsquo;s War on Coal.
In Lexington, Senator McConnell met with University of Kentucky President Eli Capilouto on campus for a roundtable discussion on the University&rsquo;s innovation and research efforts. Click
HERE
for a report from President Capilouto on their meeting.
Senator McConnell Visits Eastern Kentucky
On Wednesday, Senator McConnell spoke with members of the Southeast Kentucky Chamber of Commerce and Pikeville Rotary Club at the Eastern Kentucky Expo Center in Pikeville, Kentucky. Senator McConnell spoke about coal, the economy, and foreign policy before a crowd of more than 200 people.
Following his speech in Pikeville, Senator McConnell spoke with local media.
Click the image below to read a news report from the
Appalachian News-Express
on the Senator's visit to eastern Kentucky.
Coalition Applauds Senator McConnell&rsquo;s Efforts to Combat President&rsquo;s War on Coal
32 groups write Sen. McConnell; call on other Members of Congress to join his effort
Last week, several groups wrote to Senator McConnell to applaud his &ldquo;work with state governors and legislators to push back against the Environmental Protection Agency&rsquo;s (EPA) usurpation of state electricity policy through its proposed Clean Power Plan (CPP).&rdquo;
In the letter, the groups wrote that &ldquo;federal and state officials are right to question the CPP&rsquo;s legality and the repercussions that would result from submission of a State Implementation Plan.&rdquo;
They added, &ldquo;Given that the current administration has decided to circumvent Congress and achieve the same ends via regulatory fiat, you and other Members of Congress, elected by the People, should do everything possible to prevent unelected EPA bureaucrats from dictating national energy policy.&rdquo;
Groups in the coalition include The Bluegrass Institute and Americans for Tax Reform. Click
HERE
to read the coalition letter.
Visiting Our Nation&rsquo;s Capital
If you&rsquo;re planning a trip to Washington, D.C., please check out Senator McConnell's
website
and visit his office while you are in town. Every week, Senator McConnell welcomes to his office in the U.S. Capitol many Kentuckians from across the Commonwealth visiting D.C. to meet with Senator McConnell and discuss issues of importance to Kentucky. Also, the Senator&rsquo;s office has information on tours, places to visit and local restaurants to help make your trip to the nation&rsquo;s capital one to remember.
Keeping Up With Senator McConnell
Keep up with the latest news and alerts from our nation&rsquo;s capital as well as updates on things happening in Kentucky by becoming a fan of Senator McConnell&rsquo;s
Facebook
page, and get the latest news from Senator McConnell&rsquo;s Press Office on Twitter at
@McConnellPress
and on Instagram at
@McConnellPress .
For a more behind-the-scenes view of the Senate Majority Leader's office, be sure to follow
@SenateMajLdr
on Twitter and
@SenateMajLdr
on Instagram.
Get this newsletter delivered to your inbox by signing up
HERE
Official Site
|
Privacy Policy
|
Unsubscribe
