
E-news Sign-up
Sunday April 19, 2015
CONTACT STEVEN
Reducing Taxes and Caring for Our Vets
In Case You
Missed It...
Squadron to remain at Keesler AFB
Hattiesburg American
"They finally came to the realization that the planes need to stay in Biloxi. It's their home,"
Rep. Steven Palazzo , R-3rd District, said Tuesday. "The entire Gulf Coast is probably celebrating the news. For three years, we've been asking the Air Force the simple question, why?"
MS leaders rejoice after Air Force decides to keep Flying Jennies at Keesler AFB
WLOX
"Today marks a victory for South Mississippi." That was how Congressman
Steven Palazzo
responded after learning that the Flying Jennies are staying at Keesler. It has been a hard-fought battle to keep the planes and the squadron in Biloxi.
"With today's confirmation that Keesler's planes will stay where they belong, we can finally put this issue to bed," said
Congressman Steven Palazzo .
Death Tax Repeal
In light of tax season, this week the House passed the Death Tax Repeal Act to eliminate the estate tax that allows double and triple taxation on inherited family assets.
Families work hard to build businesses and have something to leave behind for their loved ones. Taxing that money again is morally wrong and crippling to small family businesses.
Repealing this death tax takes an unnecessary burden off the backs of hardworking, taxpaying Americans who are simply striving for the American dream.
Ensuring American Access to Space
This week General Bolden, NASAs Administrator, testified before me during a House Space Subcommittee hearing to discuss NASAs FY2016 Budget Request.
Investing in NASA translates to a huge investment in the Mississippi Gulf Coast by way of Stennis Space Center.
As General Bolden said at the hearing,
to get to space, you first have to go through Mississippi. I look forward to the continued discussion on NASA's budget as we work to ensure American access to space.
VFW Crawfish Boil
Friday, I had a wonderful opportunity to host a shrimp and crawfish boil for the VFW Post 3036.
I can't think of a better way to start the weekend than spending time with South Mississippi veterans.
Last year as the VA scandal unfolded, I held several forums to hear firsthand the concerns of local veterans. Since that time my office has been able to assist hundreds of South Mississippi veterans in resolving their issues and getting the care they need.
Still, just last week a report came out that noted that VA wait times nationally had not decreased despite all of the attention brought to the issue last year. Its an ongoing problem and no one is being held accountable.
Congress specifically provided the VA with the ability to fire people and hold employees accountable, but nothing has been done.
Our veterans have sacrificed so much for our freedoms and we owe them the healthcare they need and deserve. I will continue working in Congress until this national issue is resolved.
As always, if we can be of any assistance please call or visit my office. For more updates I encourage you to connect with me on
facebook ,
t witter , or by visiting my
website .
In Your Service,
Steven M. Palazzo
NOTE: Please DO NOT respond to this email as this inbox is unattended. To contact my office please
click here
UNSUBSCRIBE
|
PRIVACY POLICY
|
CONTACT US
Click Here Click Here