
Photo of the Week:
This week I visited RLM Corporation with Mayor Chris Rey of Spring Lake and the Vice President of RLM Communications. The photo above was taken during my tour of RLM Corporate Headquarters, which is based in Spring Lake.
Weekly Update:
This marks the second week I have been home in the district, and it has been wonderful to
spend this time surrounded by so many familiar faces.
I started the week off visiting RLM Corporate Headquarters a communications firm in Spring Lake, North Carolina and I was fortunate enough to receive a tour with Spring Lakes Mayor, Chris Rey! RLM has been in business for 11 years, and they are a service-disabled veteran-owned small business. It was great to spend time touring a small business that is run by a military retiree!
Additionally, the N.C. Defense Business Association held their 5th Annual Defense Industry Conference in Pinehurst on Monday and Tuesday. A member of my staff was able to attend this event and provide a brief update on my fight to save the 440th Airlift Wing. Check
out some of the pictures of the exhibitions below.
Don't forget to visit my
website
for updates on legislation that I am working on and be sure to visit me on
Facebook
and
Twitter
as well. It is such an honor to represent you in Washington, and I hope you will reach out should you ever need anything.
Discussing the Medicare SGR Fix
Last week I talked to Bill LuMaye about the historic, bipartisan Medicare SGR legislation passed by the House. If you missed my interview,
listen here.
As a member of the House Republican Doctors Caucus and the Energy &amp; Commerce Health Subcommittee, I am proud to have played a role in crafting the Medicare SGR repeal and replacement package to ensure certainty, stability and better health care for our nations seniors.
Click here
to read some of the recent editorials praising this legislation and calling on the Senate to act.
U.S. Rep. Ellmers tours local companies, RCC
Photo and article from Asheboro Courier-Tribune :
U.S. Rep. Renee Ellmers, R-N.C., spent the day in Randolph County Tuesday touring facilities in her capacity as a member of the House Committee on Energy and Commerce. "It is amazing what is taking place in Randolph County, Ellmers said. The congresswoman toured Thermaco, Vesture, Garco and the aquaponics lab at Randolph Community College (RCC). While there, she took questions from students about her job and efforts in Washington. After leaving RCC, Ellmers toured Asheboro Recycling.
Click here
to read the rest of the article at the Asheboro Courier-Tribune.
My visit to RLM Communications
It's always good to spend time with locally elected officials in North Carolina. Mayor Rey is a great leader and tremendous asset to the Spring Lake community and its residents.
RLM Communications is preparing for an expansion of their facility to include two new buildings on site. It was great to hear about their success and preparations for their growing business.
Across the District
The N.C. Defense Business Association held their 5th Annual Defense Industry Conference in Pinehurst on Monday and Tuesday. Tuesday's expo featured a variety of exhibitors and the symposium included a keynote from Major General Theodore Harrison, Commander, US Army Contracting Command (pictured below), as well as updates from government, industry leaders and recognition of outgoing N.C. DBA Director Joy Thrash.
WEBSITE
|
UNSUBSCRIBE
|
CONTACT
Click Here Click Here