
APRIL 17, 2015
IN THIS ISSUE:
Senate Aging Committee Examines IRS Impersonation Scam
Caribou Fire Department Receives National Award for Excellence in
Emergency Medical Services
Yarmouth HS Assistant Principal Named Maine's 2015 Assistant Principal
of the Year
Member of Senator Collins' staff, Tim Stretton, Attends Annual White
House Easter Egg Roll
Meeting with Mainers
WEEKLY COLUMN
"Are 52 Million Americans at an Unnecessary Risk for Identity Theft?"
By: Senator Susan Collins
As Chairman of the Senate Special Committee on Aging, I oversee the
Committee's Fraud Hotline (1-855-303-9470). This hotline has been a
useful tool to enable seniors and their loved ones to report instances
of scams and fraud targeted at our nation's seniors. The hotline has
also provided Committee investigators with useful information as we
work to educate seniors about these scams and help put a stop to them.
The hotline recently received a call from an individual in Maine who
had just celebrated his 65th birthday, reaching the eligibility age for
Medicare. He applied for Medicare, which is a routine process, and a
few weeks later, he received his Medicare card in the mail. When he
opened the envelope containing his card, he was surprised and alarmed
to learn that Medicare cards prominently display Social Security
Numbers (SSNs). This card, he explained, puts him at a great risk of
identity theft, especially if it were lost or stolen.
This individual has good reason to be concerned, as do the more than 52
million Americans that have Medicare cards.
According to the Federal Trade Commission (FTC), identity theft has
been the most common consumer complaint over the past 15 years. In 2014
alone, more than 332,000 Americans, including 693 Mainers, reported
being victimized by someone who had stolen their identity. Also
according to the FTC, 20 percent of identity theft complaints in 2014
were reported by individuals over age 60.
In 2004-more than a decade ago-the Government Accountability Office
(GAO) reported that the widespread use of SSNs as identifiers by both
public and private sector organizations provided ample opportunity for
criminals to obtain and use these numbers to commit identity theft.
Subsequently, in 2007, the Office of Management and Budget (OMB)
directed all federal agencies to develop plans for reducing unnecessary
usage of SSNs and transition to alternative identifier numbers.
Since then, many federal agencies that had used SSNs as identifiers,
including the Department of Defense and the Department of Veterans
Affairs, have ultimately removed SSNs from their identification cards.
In recent years, other organizations, such as private health insurers
and state agencies, also discontinued use of SSNs as identifiers in
order to protect individuals from identity theft.
In Maine, for example, a drivers' license now bears a seven-digit
number as an identifier, rather than a driver's SSN.
To read the rest of Senator Collins' weekly column click here
.
Senate Aging Committee Examines IRS Impersonation Scam
Thousands of Americans have been defrauded of millions of dollars
through a telephone scam that the Treasury Inspector General for Tax
Administration (TIGTA) has called the "largest, most pervasive
impersonation scam in the history of the IRS." As part of the scam,
criminals claim to be IRS officials and threaten victims with legal
action, or arrest, if immediate payment is not made.
TIGTA estimates that 10,000 IRS impersonation scam calls are placed
every week, yet, it is unclear whether the government is making it a
priority to put a stop to this scam and to find and prosecute those who
are involved with it.
Earlier this week, Senator Collins, Chairman of the Senate Aging
Committee, led a hearing, "Catch Me If You Can: The IRS Impersonation
Scam and the Government's Response," in which the Committee further
examined this issue.
>From CBS News
: "Enough Being Done to Stop Growing Tax Scam?"
To play the video click here
or the play button above.
>From Senator Collins' CBS Interview:
"'I'm going to chastise the department for its failure to cooperate
with our investigation, and for its lax attitude toward a scam that's
affecting thousands of American citizens,' Collins said. 'It is
outrageous and inexcusable that the department is not taking this more
seriously and won't even send a witness to testify.'
"Collins said this scam, which has targeted more than 400,000 Americans
and defrauded 3,000 people a total of $15.5 million, is too big for the
Justice Department to ignore. So far there have been only two
prosecutions targeting very low-level operators.
Caribou Fire Department Receives National Award for Excellence in
Emergency Medical Services
U.S. Senator Susan Collins welcomed Caribou Fire Chief Scott Susi to
Washington this week. Chief Susi was in town to receive the
Congressional Fire Services Institute's (CFSI)/Masimo Excellence in
Fire Service-Based EMS Award on behalf of the men and women of the
Caribou Fire and Ambulance Department. This is the first time any fire
department from the state of Maine has received this national award.
The Award recognizes best practices in emergency medical services by
fire departments throughout the United States. In order to be eligible
for the award, the fire department must have implemented a unique
practice that enhances the delivery of EMS services in their community,
and increases firefighter safety.
"This well-deserved award for excellence in emergency medical services
is a tremendous accomplishment for Chief Susi, the Caribou Fire and
Ambulance Department, and the state of Maine. Chief Susi's selfless
service, extensive outreach, and collaborative efforts on behalf of
Caribou, Maine has made my hometown a safer place to live and visit,"
Senator Collins said. "Career and volunteer firefighters are among our
nation's brave first responders, risking their lives to protect our
families and keep our communities safe. We owe each one of them a debt
of gratitude."
Yarmouth High School Assistant Principal Named Maine's 2015 Assistant
Principal of the Year
U.S. Senator Susan Collins welcomed Joshua Ottow, Assistant Principal
of Yarmouth High School (YHS), to Washington this week after he was
recently named Maine's 2015 Assistant Principal of the Year.
"Strong leadership in our education system is crucial to the success of
our students in Maine and across the country. I am proud to
congratulate Yarmouth High School's Joshau Ottow for his outstanding
leadership and hard work on behalf of the students in his school," said
Senator Collins.
Senator Collins has a strong record of supporting education at all
levels, including improving our public school system for kindergarten
through 12th grade. During her time in the U.S. Senate, Senator Collins
has made nearly 200 Maine elementary and secondary school visits in
Maine.
To read the rest the full press release click here
.
Senator Collins Welcomes Kittery Paramedic Susan Williams to Washington
Susan Williams was recently awarded the American Ambulance Association
"Star of Life Award" for the state of Maine. This national award
recognizes and honors the dedication of ambulance service professionals
who demonstrate exemplary performance in the industry. Williams came to
Washington to raise awareness on issues of importance to paramedics in
Maine and across the country.
Member of Senator Collins' staff, Tim Stretton, Attends Annual White
House Easter Egg Roll
A member of Senator Collins' staff, Tim Stretton, attended the 2015
Easter Egg Roll at the White House with his father, Thomas Stretton,
niece, Brooke Nason, and nephew, Sam Stretton. The Strettons are from
Lewiston.
Meeting with Mainers
Senator Collins always makes time to meet individually with
constituents- either Mainers who are visiting Washington, D.C. or at
home in Maine.
She values hearing from Mainers on a wide range of topics. Here are a
few photos from recent meetings:
Top: Dawna Hannan, Ben Sanborn, and Beth Oser, Telecommunications
Association of Maine
Left: Binette Family, Saco, Maine
Right: Maine 4-H Delegates
OFFICE OF SENATOR SUSAN COLLINS
413 Dirksen Senate Office Building
Washington, D.C. 20510
Phone: (202) 224-2523
Fax: (202) 224-2693
To UNSUBSCRIBE, please click here
DEFAULT TABLE ATTRIBUTES ARE:
DEFAULT TD STYLE IS:
DEFAULT LEFT SIDEBAR IS:
DEFAULT RIGHT COLUMN IS:
Can't
see the images? Make sure your e-mail is set to download pictures in order to see the full content
of this e-newsletter.
APRIL
17, 2015
IN
THIS ISSUE:
Senate Aging Committee
Examines IRS Impersonation Scam
Caribou Fire Department
Receives National Award for Excellence in Emergency Medical Services
Yarmouth HS Assistant
Principal Named Maine&#8217;s 2015 Assistant Principal of the Year
Member of Senator Collins' staff, Tim Stretton, Attends Annual White
House Easter Egg Roll
Meeting with Mainers
WEEKLY COLUMN
"Are
52 Million Americans at an Unnecessary Risk for Identity Theft?"
By: Senator Susan Collins
As Chairman of the Senate Special Committee on Aging,
I oversee the Committee&#8217;s Fraud Hotline (1-855-303-9470). This hotline has been a useful tool to
enable seniors and their loved ones to report instances of scams and fraud targeted at our nation&#8217;s
seniors. The hotline has also provided Committee investigators with useful information as we work to
educate seniors about these scams and help put a stop to them.
The hotline recently received a call from an individual in Maine who had just celebrated his 65th
birthday, reaching the eligibility age for Medicare. He applied for Medicare, which is a routine process,
and a few weeks later, he received his Medicare card in the mail. When he opened the envelope containing
his card, he was surprised and alarmed to learn that Medicare cards prominently display Social Security
Numbers (SSNs). This card, he explained, puts him at a great risk of identity theft, especially if it
were lost or stolen. This individual has good reason to be concerned, as do the more than 52 million
Americans that have Medicare cards.
According to the Federal Trade Commission (FTC), identity theft has been the most common consumer
complaint over the past 15 years. In 2014 alone, more than 332,000 Americans, including 693 Mainers,
reported being victimized by someone who had stolen their identity. Also according to the FTC, 20 percent
of identity theft complaints in 2014 were reported by individuals over age 60.
In 2004&#8212;more than a decade ago&#8212;the Government
Accountability Office (GAO) reported that the widespread use of SSNs as identifiers by both public and
private sector organizations provided ample opportunity for criminals to obtain and use these numbers
to commit identity theft. Subsequently, in 2007, the Office of Management and Budget (OMB) directed all
federal agencies to develop plans for reducing unnecessary usage of SSNs and transition to alternative
identifier numbers.
Since then, many federal agencies that had used SSNs as
identifiers, including the Department of Defense and the Department of Veterans Affairs, have ultimately
removed SSNs from their identification cards. In recent years, other organizations, such as private health
insurers and state agencies, also discontinued use of SSNs as identifiers in order to protect individuals
from identity theft.
In Maine, for example, a drivers&#8217; license now bears
a seven-digit number as an identifier, rather than a driver&#8217;s SSN.
To read the rest of Senator Collins' weekly column click
here .
Senate
Aging Committee Examines IRS Impersonation Scam
Thousands
of Americans have been defrauded of millions of dollars through a telephone scam that the Treasury Inspector
General for Tax Administration (TIGTA) has called the &#8220;largest, most pervasive impersonation scam
in the history of the IRS.&#8221; As part of the scam, criminals claim to be IRS officials and threaten
victims with legal action, or arrest, if immediate payment is not made.
TIGTA estimates that 10,000 IRS impersonation scam calls are placed every week, yet, it is unclear
whether the government is making it a priority to put a stop to this scam and to find and prosecute those
who are involved with it.
Earlier this week, Senator Collins, Chairman of the Senate Aging Committee, led a hearing, &#8220;Catch
Me If You Can: The IRS Impersonation Scam and the Government&#8217;s Response,&#8221; in which the Committee
further examined this issue.
From
CBS
News : "Enough Being Done to Stop Growing Tax Scam?"
To
play the video click
here
or the play button above.
From
Senator Collins' CBS Interview:
"'I'm going to
chastise the department for its failure to cooperate with our investigation, and for its lax attitude
toward a scam that's affecting thousands of American citizens,' Collins said. 'It is outrageous and inexcusable
that the department is not taking this more seriously and won't even send a witness to testify.'
"Collins said this scam, which has targeted more than 400,000 Americans and defrauded 3,000 people
a total of $15.5 million, is too big for the Justice Department to ignore. So far there have been only
two prosecutions targeting very low-level operators.
Caribou
Fire Department Receives National Award for Excellence in Emergency Medical Services
U.S.
Senator Susan Collins welcomed Caribou Fire Chief Scott Susi to Washington this week. Chief Susi was
in town to receive the Congressional Fire Services Institute&#8217;s (CFSI)/Masimo Excellence in Fire
Service-Based EMS Award on behalf of the men and women of the Caribou Fire and Ambulance Department.
This is the first time any fire department from the state of Maine has received this national award.
The
Award recognizes best practices in emergency medical services by fire departments throughout the United
States. In order to be eligible for the award, the fire department must have implemented a unique practice
that enhances the delivery of EMS services in their community, and increases firefighter safety.
&#8220;This well-deserved award for excellence in emergency medical services is a tremendous accomplishment
for Chief Susi, the Caribou Fire and Ambulance Department, and the state of Maine. Chief Susi&#8217;s
selfless service, extensive outreach, and collaborative efforts on behalf of Caribou, Maine has made
my hometown a safer place to live and visit,&#8221; Senator Collins said. &#8220;Career and volunteer
firefighters are among our nation&#8217;s brave first responders, risking their lives to protect our
families and keep our communities safe. We owe each one of them a debt of gratitude."
Yarmouth
High School Assistant Principal Named Maine&#8217;s 2015 Assistant Principal of the Year
U.S.
Senator Susan Collins welcomed Joshua Ottow, Assistant Principal of Yarmouth High School (YHS), to Washington
this week after he was recently named Maine&#8217;s 2015 Assistant Principal of the Year.
&#8220;Strong leadership in our education system is crucial to the success of our students in
Maine and across the country. I am proud to congratulate Yarmouth High School&#8217;s Joshau Ottow for
his outstanding leadership and hard work on behalf of the students in his school,&#8221; said Senator
Collins.
Senator Collins has a strong record of supporting education at all levels, including improving
our public school system for kindergarten through 12th grade. During her time in the U.S. Senate, Senator
Collins has made nearly 200 Maine elementary and secondary school visits in Maine.
To
read the rest the full press release click
here .
Senator
Collins Welcomes Kittery Paramedic Susan Williams to Washington
Susan
Williams was recently awarded the American Ambulance Association &#8220;Star of Life Award&#8221; for
the state of Maine. This national award recognizes and honors the dedication of ambulance service professionals
who demonstrate exemplary performance in the industry. Williams came to Washington to raise awareness
on issues of importance to paramedics in Maine and across the country.
Member
of Senator Collins' staff, Tim Stretton, Attends Annual White House Easter Egg Roll
A
member of Senator Collins&#8217; staff, Tim Stretton, attended the 2015 Easter Egg Roll at the White
House with his father, Thomas Stretton, niece, Brooke Nason, and nephew, Sam Stretton.
The Strettons are from Lewiston.
Meeting
with Mainers
Senator Collins always makes time to meet individually with constituents&#8212; either Mainers who
are visiting Washington, D.C. or at home in Maine.
She values hearing from Mainers on a wide range of topics. Here are a few photos from recent meetings:
Top: Dawna Hannan, Ben Sanborn, and Beth
Oser, Telecommunications Association of Maine
Left: Binette Family, Saco, Maine
Right: Maine 4-H Delegates
OFFICE OF SENATOR SUSAN COLLINS
413 Dirksen Senate Office Building Washington,
D.C. 20510 Phone: (202) 224-2523 Fax: (202) 224-2693
To UNSUBSCRIBE,
please
click here
