DOCTYPE html
April 26, 2015
Congressman McHenry Weekly Update
Empowering Parents to Invest in School Choice
Our children's education, especially at an early age, plays an enormous role in their success. Unfortunately rising costs are forcing American families to do more with less, leaving them with little to invest in their children's educations. This week I took a step to help ease some of this burden by introducing
H.R. 1928, the Empowering Parents to Invest in Choice (EPIC) Act .
If passed, the EPIC Act would allow parents to invest tax-free in their children's K-12 Educations via the popular 529 savings accounts commonly used when saving for college education. These funds can be used for a variety of educational expenses including books, tutoring, special needs services, and tuition for schools. It is my hope this legislation will help ease some of the cost pressures parents face allowing them to invest in their children's educations and ensure they have a choice in how and where their child is educated. To learn more about the EPIC Act
click here
for the release on its introduction.
Congressional Art Competition - People's Choice
Again this year we received tremendous interest in the
Congressional Art Competition
from 10th District high school students. With 23 entries, this year's competition is one of the most competitive we've had since I have been in Congress. While our judges will have a tough time picking only one winner, I also want to know what you think. Please visit my
Facebook
page to participate in our People's Choice competition where you can vote for your favorites via likes. Voting ends this coming Wednesday so be sure to share your opinion before then. Most importantly, I would like to say thanks to all 23 students who took the time to share their wonderful art work.
Proud to Support - Strengthening Our Nation's Cybersecurity
Over the last few years cyber-attacks have emerged as a serious threat to the sensitive personal information that is so vital to all Americans. Bad actors around the world have hacked into major retailers, insurers, and other businesses and it is clear these attacks will continue. This week, I was proud to join significant bipartisan majorities in
passing two bills
to help reduce the threat of these attacks.
On Wednesday the House passed
H.R. 1560, the Protecting Cyber Networks Act
allowing companies to work together and share information about cyber attacks and threats. Then on Thursday the House passed
H.R. 1731, the National Cybersecurity Protection Advancement Act
allowing private companies to share threat information with the Department of Homeland Security. Both bills mark important steps in our efforts to protect the personal information of all Americans. You can learn more about each bill
here .
What I Have Been Reading
Small businesses add bustle to Belmont's 'Great Main Street'
Charlotte Observer
This is an excellent story about the successful revitalization of downtown Belmont. The Gaston County town has seen tremendous growth in its small business community, adding twelve new businesses in the past year alone. It recently was recognized by the NC Chapter of the American Planning Association as having one of North Carolina's "Great Main Streets," a much deserved award.
Area breweries raise money to support veterans
Asheville Citizen-Times
I am a strong believer in the economic benefits of small breweries. They are small business, creating jobs throughout Western NC. But more than that, they are great neighbors within our communities, giving back to local causes. The "Pints for Patriots" initiative featured in this story is just latest example as Asheville-area breweries have joined together to help raise money for our nation's veterans.
Eastern Band of Cherokee Chief Named National Tribal Leader of the Year
PR Newswire
Chief Michell Hicks is a good friend and great leader for the Eastern Band of Cherokee Indians. I was thrilled to see him recognized for his hard work as he was recently named Tribal Leader of the Year by the Native American Finance Officers Association. It is much-deserved recognition for a man who works tirelessly on behalf of the Native Americans in Western North Carolina.
WASHINGTON, D.C. OFFICE
2334 Rayburn HOB
Washington, D.C. 20515
Telephone: 202.225.2576
Fax: 202.225.0316
HICKORY DISTRICT OFFICE
87 4th St. NW, Ste A, PO Box 1830
Hickory, NC 28603
Telephone: 828.327.6100
Toll-Free in NC: 800.477.2576
Fax: 828.327.8311
GASTONIA DISTRICT OFFICE
Suite 115
Gaston Co. Administrative Bldg
128 West Main Avenue
Gastonia, NC 28053
Telephone: 704.833.0096
BLACK MTN. DISTRICT OFFICE
160 Midland Avenue
Black Mountain, NC 28711
Telephone: 828.669.0600
Click Here Click Here