
Official Site
Constituent Services
News
Contact
U.S. Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell&rsquo;s eNewsletter - - Week of March 23, 2015
U.S. Senate Passes Budget that Balances without Raising Taxes
On Friday, the U.S. Senate passed the Fiscal Year 2016 Senate budget that balances within 10 years and does so without raising taxes. U.S. Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell said:
&ldquo;By passing a balanced budget that emphasizes growth, common sense and the needs of the middle class, Republicans have shown that the Senate is under new management and delivering on the change and responsible government the American people expect. The Democrat-led Senate for years refused not only to pass a balanced budget, but any budget at all. Those days are over, and the proof is passage of a balanced plan with ideas that Congress&rsquo; nonpartisan analysts tell us would boost jobs, raise income and drive economic growth.&rdquo;
Throughout the week, Senator McConnell spoke on the Senate Floor promoting the Republican budget that will help promote economic growth through energy advancement, and will add additional funding for America&rsquo;s national security needs.
Click the image below to view the Senator&rsquo;s floor speech on Monday.
On Tuesday, Senator McConnell and GOP Senators hosted a media stakeout in the U.S. Capitol and spoke about the budget.
McConnell Amendment to Fight War on Coal Passes Senate with Bipartisan Support
On Thursday, the U.S. Senate passed with bipartisan support an amendment by Senator McConnell that would protect states and ensure no highway funds were withheld because of the new demands from the EPA.
Speaking on the Senate Floor, Senator McConnell said, &ldquo;Many states, including my home state of Kentucky, have already filed suit against the proposal on the premise that it is not constitutional, and belief that the agency does not have the legal authority to require states to comply with all of its criteria. I appreciate my colleagues for supporting my measure and expressing the belief that highway funds should not be held hostage in the War on Coal.&rdquo;
Click the image below to view the Senator&rsquo;s remarks prior to the amendment vote.
Click
HERE
to read more from WYMT-TV in Hazard, Kentucky:
U.S. Senate passes Sen. Mitch McConnell's amendment to fight War on Coal
McConnell Amendment to Help Adoptive Families Passes Senate
This week, the United States Senate approved a bipartisan amendment offered by Senator McConnell that would urge the Democratic Republic of the Congo (DRC) to allow children who have been legally adopted by American citizens to leave the DRC for the United States.
&ldquo;Many Kentucky families have been affected by the unfortunate stalemate of adoptions in the Congo,&rdquo; Senator McConnell said. &ldquo;I am pleased the Senate has expressed its support for the children who have been legally adopted by American citizens.&rdquo;
According to the U.S. Department of State, as of January 2015, 963 children who have been or are in the process of being adopted by American citizens have been affected by the DRC government&rsquo;s exit permit suspension.
About 230 of these children have been issued U.S. visas and are literally one step away from becoming U.S. citizens.
More than 20 Kentucky families have been affected by the current adoption stalemate. Click
HERE
to read more.
McConnell Introduces the Family Friendly and Workplace Flexibility Act
This week, Senators McConnell, Kelly Ayotte (R-NH), and Johnny Isakson (R-GA), reintroduced the
Family Friendly and Workplace Flexibility Act , legislation which would allow voluntary workplace arrangements such as compensatory time and flexible credit hour agreements to be extended to hourly workers in the private sector.
Senator McConnell said this legislation will &ldquo;help provide America&rsquo;s workers with the flexible work arrangements they need to better balance the demands of work and family. Countless Americans face the daily reality of having more to do with less time to do it, and though Congress can&rsquo;t legislate another hour in the day we can provide working Americans with more options for how to organize their time.&rdquo; Click
HERE
to read more.
McConnell Introduces Legislation to Help America&rsquo;s Rural Communities
On Thursday, Senator McConnell introduced legislation to help rural communities harmed by Obama Administration policies that restrict access to rural lending opportunities. Senator Rand Paul is an original cosponsor of the
Helping Expand Lending Practices in (HELP) Rural Communities Act , which would provide rural communities with better access to credit opportunities that can help grow their local economies.
&ldquo;Counties in Kentucky, such as Bath and Trigg, have been labeled as &lsquo;non-rural,&rsquo; and are therefore barred from certain rural lending practices that are helpful to farmers and small businesses,&rdquo; Senator McConnell said. &ldquo;Our legislation seeks to correct this&hellip;to ensure that rural communities have the access to credit they need to grow their economy.&rdquo;
McConnell Cosponors Bill to Repeal Death Tax
Bill would permanently abolish punitive tax on family farms and businesses
On Wednesday, Senator McConnell cosponsored the Death Tax Repeal Act, saying, &ldquo;The death tax unduly burdens American families by taxing assets that are handed down from generation to generation, like family farms or small family businesses. It is the federal government&rsquo;s final insult to tax your family when you have already paid taxes on your property throughout your life. The thought of having to visit the IRS and the undertaker on the same day is an absolute outrage. This is wrong and it&rsquo;s why I have consistently supported legislation to eliminate this burdensome tax.&rdquo;
This bill is supported by the American Farm Bureau Federation, National Association of Manufacturers, National Federation of Independent Business, Americans for Tax Reform, National Black Chamber of Commerce, National Taxpayers Union, American Conservative Union, Family Business Coalition, and many others.
Welcome to Washington, D.C.
On Tuesday, Senator McConnell welcomed western &lrm;Kentucky community leaders to his office in the U.S. Capitol to discuss issues important to the Pennyrile Area Development District.
If you&rsquo;re planning a trip to Washington, D.C., please check out Senator McConnell's
website
and visit his office while you are in town. Every week, Senator McConnell welcomes to his office in the U.S. Capitol many Kentuckians from across the Commonwealth visiting D.C. to meet with Senator McConnell and discuss issues of importance to Kentucky. Also, the Senator&rsquo;s office has information on tours, places to visit and local restaurants to help make your trip to the nation&rsquo;s capital one to remember.
The National Park Service (NPS)
announced
that the peak cherry blossom-bloom is predicted to be April 11th-14th. Click
HERE
to read more from NPS about the Cherry Blossom Festival.
Keeping Up With Senator McConnell
Keep up with the latest news and alerts from our nation&rsquo;s capital as well as updates on things happening in Kentucky by becoming a fan of Senator McConnell&rsquo;s
Facebook
page, and get the latest news from Senator McConnell&rsquo;s Press Office on Twitter at
@McConnellPress
and on Instagram at
@McConnellPress .
For a more behind-the-scenes view of the Senate Majority Leader's office, be sure to follow
@SenateMajLdr
on Twitter and
@SenateMajLdr
on Instagram.
Get this newsletter delivered to your inbox by signing up
HERE
Official Site
|
Privacy Policy
|
Unsubscribe
