
If
you are having trouble viewing this message or would like to share it
on a social network, you can
view the message online .
April 22, 2015
WEBSITE |
CONTACT |
CONSTITUENTS |
ISSUES &amp;
LEGISLATION |
NEWSROOM |
DISTRICT
April 22, 2015
Dear Friend,
I wanted to pass along an OpEd that I
wrote for todays edition of Roll Call. In honor of today being Earth
Day, and this week being National Parks Week, I put together this OpEd
to discuss the important role National Parks play in protecting our
natural treasures. You can read this OpEd
here
or
scroll down
for the full
text.
Earth Day is a chance to embrace our responsibility to address now the
critical environmental issues that, if untouched, will cause
irreparable harm for future generations. Reducing pollution, pursuing clean
energy solutions, conservation efforts to preserve our natural treasures
there are so many ways we can all work together to protect the earth
for generations to come. Find out how you can join in:
http://epa.gov/climatechange/wycd
As always, I
look forward to your feedback via my website, or on
Facebook
and
Twitter . I hope you enjoy my
OpEd and enjoy Earth Day! .
Sincerely,
Niki Tsongas
Roll Call: National Parks Can Guide the Way on
Climate Change
By Rep. Niki Tsongas
Each day I
walk into my district office, I am guided by the iconic arrowhead
symbol of the National Park Service.
This is true in the literal
sense, as my office is located adjacent to Lowell National Historical
Park. But more importantly, the emblem that adorns an old archway
above an Industrial Revolution-era canal is a daily reminder of the
critical role national parks play in preserving our nations treasures. It
also highlights the challenges federal lands, especially national
parks, face from the effects of climate change and the challenges of
diminishing federal funding.
From Californias Yosemite to
Maines Acadia, national parks provide a mountain range of benefits to
communities across the nation. I have seen it firsthand in my own 3rd
District of Massachusetts, home to two national historical parks and three
federal wildlife refuges. As the ranking Democrat on the House
Natural Resources Subcommittee on Federal Lands, which oversees the National
Park Service and other federal lands, I place special priority on
ensuring those benefits are maintained, cultivated and
grown.
By preserving majestic landscapes, delicate ecosystems and notable
landmarks
natural and man-made
we are keeping pieces of our shared
national history alive and preventing time and outside forces
natural
and man-made
from encroaching on their significance and
longevity.
The economic impact cannot be overlooked, either. The
National Park System is made up of more than 400 areas in all 50 states,
from national parks, monuments and battlefields to scenic rivers and
trails. Last year almost 300 million people visited them. According to a
recent economic study conducted by the NPS, every federal dollar
invested in our parks contributes $10 in economic activity, supporting
nearby restaurants, hotels, local outfitters, guides and more. Nationally,
the parks generate $27 billion dollars in economic activity and
support 250,000 private sector jobs.
But despite its significant
and multifaceted contributions, the NPS is falling behind. The NPS
budget has shrunk, decreased by 22 percent over 10 years. The result is a
burgeoning backlog of maintenance projects. Infrastructure suffers
while work on visitor facilities, trails, campgrounds, utilities and
more is on indefinite hiatus.
The problem extends past the NPS
budget, since out of the $11.5 billion deferred maintenance backlog
$6 billion requires federal highway funding to repair roads and
bridges. More reason for Congress to pass a robust highway
bill.
So many Americans place enormous value on the ability to visit our
national parks and our nation points to them with pride, which is why a
substantial federal investment is essential to maintain and preserve
them.
Adequately funding our National Parks is a smart,
long-term investment to preserve sites for future generations.
On
Aug. 25, 2016, the National Park Service will celebrate its 100th
birthday, and the coming year will focus on increasing public engagement.
The centennial is an opportunity to reinvest in Americas national
parks, bring in new visitors and educate about the important role of
federal lands.
But there is also an opportunity for our
mountains and monuments to play a broader role.
Eroding NPS funds
are exacerbated by dramatic changes in our climate, which are having
a visible impact on iconic national parks. According to the National
Parks Conservation Association, climate change will have, disastrous
consequences for Americas national parks. Glaciers in Alaska will
continue to vanish, the Everglades will further sink under a rising sea
and Joshua Tree National Park will be devoid of Joshua Trees. That
which were trying to protect is disappearing before us because of the
effects of climate change.
For most visitors, national parks
and other federal lands evoke nostalgia, memories of family vacations
and unforgettable vistas. Knowing all that is in danger makes real the
global problem of climate change and challenges us as a country to
take action in a very broad way.
When it was created, the NPS
was called Americas best idea. As we look to the future, we need to
apply a similar visionary approach to address the emerging threats of
a changing climate. The NPS arrowhead emblem, like the dial on a
compass, is once again pointing us in the direction of environmental
stewardship and a continuation of this remarkable
legacy.
Rep.
Niki Tsongas , D-Mass., is
the ranking member of the Natural Resources Subcommittee on Federal
Lands.
Office Locations
Washington D.C. Office
1714 Longworth House Office
Building | Washington, DC 20515
Phone:(202) 2253411 |
Fax: (202)
2260771
Lowell
126
John Street, Suite 12
Lowell, MA 01852
Hours:
Mon.
Fri., 9:00am
5:00pm
Phone: 978.459.0101
Fax:
9784591907
Haverhill
Haverhill
Citizens Center
10 Welcome St, Room 4
Haverhill, MA
01830
Hours: Tues., 9:00am
11:00am
Phone:
9784590101
Marlborough
Frank D.
Walker Building
255 Main St, Room 108
Marlborough, MA
01752
Hours: Thurs., 10:00am
12:00pm
Phone:
9784590101
Lawrence
15 Union
Street, Suite 401
Lawrence, MA 01840
Hours: Tuesday
&amp; Thursday, 10:00am
5:00pm
Phone: 9784590101
Fitchburg
Fitchburg State University
Center for Professional Studies
Office | 150 Main Street Fitchburg, MA 01420
Hours: Tues.
&amp; Thurs., 10:00am
1:00pm | Phone: 9784590101
Update My Profile
-
Unsubscribe
-
Privacy
Policy
gateway mail end
