
Protecting 2nd Amendment Rights
March 26, 2015
Dear Friend,
Knowing of your interest in issues pertaining to the Second Amendment, I want to share with you my view regarding the Bureau of Alcohol, Tobacco, Firearms and Explosives' (ATF) proposed ban on ammunition commonly used with the AR-15 rifle. I value and give careful consideration to the good counsel that I receive, and refer to that good counsel as the wisdom of the district.
As you may know, ATF is trying to expand the armor-piercing ammunition ban to include popular ammunition used in the AR-15, a firearm often used by sportsmen. The framework proposed by ATF on February 13, 2015, would determine whether ammunition is primarily intended for sporting purposes under the Law Enforcement Officers Protection Act (LEOPA) of 1986. This could lead to a ban on popular M855 and SS109 ammunition. This type of ammunition is already legal under the sporting purposes exemption within LEOPA. While LEOPA was created to protect police officers from armor-piercing rounds that could be used in handguns, ATF is attempting to ban these rounds even though the agency has not offered evidence that such ammunition has been fired from a handgun at a police officer.
I, along with over 230 of my colleagues in Congress, have signed a letter organized by House Judiciary Chairman Bob Goodlatte of Virginia requesting answers from ATF about the framework.
Since then, ATF has effectively tabled the proposal and will not seek to issue a final framework at this time due to the overwhelming negative response. Additionally, I have co-sponsored H.R. 1180, the Protecting 2nd Amendment Rights Act of 2015, introduced by Rep. Thomas Rooney on February 27, 2015.
This legislation prohibits any government entity from issuing or enforcing a regulation, or taking any other action that would restrict or prohibit the manufacture, importation, or sale in the United States of any ammunition that is not currently subject to restriction or prohibition.
As a staunch supporter of the Second Amendment, Life Member of the NRA, and owner of an AR-15, I am deeply disturbed by the Administration's proposal to outlaw a popular form of ammunition for the sporting firearm. In the pattern of governing by executive order that is typical of this administration, I believe the President is proposing to make another end run around Congress through ATF. It is our duty to protect the Second Amendment from further attacks and ensure that the fundamental rights proposed by our forefathers remain untouched. Congress is firmly against this violation of our constitutional rights and is committed to ensuring our Second Amendment rights are preserved.
It is important to me that I keep you fully informed regarding how I am representing you in Congress, so please visit my website
Rigell.house.gov
and
sign up for my e-newsletter , The Rigell Report. I also encourage you to join me on Facebook at
facebook.com/RepScottRigell . Both sites feature timely updates on the votes I am taking on the House floor.
In closing, please know that I consider it a high honor to serve and represent you and your family in Congress.
Mindful that I work for you, I remain,
Yours in Freedom,
Scott Rigell
WEBSITE
|
UNSUBSCRIBE
|
CONTACT
Click Here Click Here