DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.0 Transitional//EN" "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml1/DTD/xhtml1-transitional.dtd"
If you are having trouble reading this email,
please view the web version .
Time For Real Tax Reform
This week was the annual deadline for filing your taxes. This year Americans will pay $4.8 trillion in federal, state, and local taxes, or 31 percent of the nations income. Thats more than we as a nation spend on food, clothing, and housing combined.
Complying with our 4-million word tax code now takes 7.6 billion hours of Americans time each year. A bipartisan consensus that its time for real tax reform is growing. Read more in this weeks
OP-ED .
Senate Passes SGR Repeal
This week, the Senate passed an amended version of the House Sustainable Growth Rate (SGR) reform bill, which would change the way doctors are paid under Medicare. For years, Congress has been passing a series of temporary patches to prevent the SGR from taking effect. The annual bills have become known as the Doc Fix. The legislation, which I have been working on for years, permanently replaces the SGR and also contains important reforms that can help pay for the new policy. This ends an annual lobbying bonanza and a bill that has become a vehicle for increased government spending. When I took over leadership of the Health Subcommittee four years ago, I made it my goal to stop kicking this can down the road. These bipartisan reforms received nearly 400 votes in the House, and the amended version in the Senate passed 92 to 8, garnering the support of leaders as diverse as Rand Paul and Elizabeth Warren.
Olympic Health Insurance Not Good Enough for Obamacare
The Washington Post reported this week that Americas Olympic athletes will have their health insurance dropped because it does not meet the federal mandates set up by the Presidents health care law. This yet another example of how this law restricts choice and competition, which are necessary for a functioning health insurance market. As a consolation prize, anyway, the athletes at least have received a temporary exemption. Thus far, the Obama Administration has granted 14 broad exemptions to the law.
We need to close the loopholes in our tax code, and we need real health reform that wont require so many loopholes of its own in order to work.
Concerns about Morocco Donations
Last week, I joined my colleague Rep. Chris Smith in sending a letter to the Clinton Foundation expressing our concerns about donations from a company owned by the Moroccan government that extracts minerals from the disputed Western Sahara territory. Tens of thousands of refugees have fled this occupied region. No charity should take donations from a business that makes profits from extracting resources from Western Sahara at the expense of the Sahrawi people.
You can read the letter
HERE .
Op-ed of the Week: Time For Real Tax Reform
After a long and harsh winter, Spring has come to Pennsylvania, and with it beautiful weather and Phillies baseball. But April is the cruelest month: its tax season once again.
READ MORE
Facebook
Podcast
Tell Joe Your Opinion
Issues
The 16th District
Ask Joe For Help
The Government
Legislation
Press
About Joe Pitts
Photo Gallery
Please feel free to
forward this email to your friends and family .
Recent Videos
Opening Statement on ISIS Human Rights Abuses
Rep. Pitts opens a Human Rights Commission hearing on the abuses of the Islamic State.
A Permanent Replacement to the Sustainable Growth Rate
Rep. Pitts leads debate on the bill to permanently replace the flawed Medicare Sustainable Growth Rate.
Washington, D.C. Office
420 Cannon House Office Building
Washington, DC 20515
(1st Street and Independence Avenue)
202-225-2411
202-225-2013 (fax)
Chester County Office
Post Office Box 837
Unionville, PA 19375
(Routes 82 and 926)
610-444-4581
610-444-5750 (fax)
Lancaster Office
150 North Queen Street
Suite 716 (7th floor)
Lancaster, PA 17603
717-393-0667
717-393-0924 (fax)
Click Here Click Here