
View In Browser
Friday, April 17, 2015
WEBSITE
|
FORWARD TO A FRIEND
| SHARE ON:
House Passes Death Tax Repeal Act
Howdy Texans!
Yesterday, the House passed the Death Tax Repeal Act with bipartisan support. Repealing the estate tax is one of the most important things we can do to preserve and strengthen Americas family-owned farms and small businesses for generations to come. As this bill heads over to the Senate, we are one step closer to finally abolishing this immoral federal policy.
I invite you to read the following joint op-ed I wrote, along with Senator John Thune of South Dakota, on the need to repeal the estate tax, which was published in USA Today:
Time for the Estate Tax to Die
100 years later, the death tax has cost Americans more than $1 trillion
Benjamin Franklin once famously said that nothing is certain in this world except death and taxes. Thankfully, the federal policy that combines the two by taxing estates when a loved one passes away is close to extinction. Enacted nearly 100 years ago, the death tax places a significant burden on families that want to achieve the American dream
securing a better future for their children
by passing down a small business or a family farm from one generation to the next. The policy is also widely unpopular, with nearly 70% of Americans saying they want to see it repealed permanently.
Repealing the death tax restores fairness for American families, and is a step toward a 21st century, pro-growth tax code. Now, with support growing in both the House and Senate, Congress has the opportunity to do just that. This week, the House will vote on a death tax repeal bill introduced by Rep. Kevin Brady, R-Texas, and co-sponsored by Rep. Bill Flores, R-Texas, chairman of the Republican Study Committee (RSC), the conservative caucus of House Republicans. Sen. John Thune, R-S.D. has led the repeal effort in the Senate by sponsoring the companion bill in the Senate, the Death Tax Repeal Act of 2015, as well as an amendment to the budget supporting its repeal, which recently passed on a bipartisan vote of 54-46.
Proponents of the death tax often argue that it only impacts the wealthiest Americans, but this is simply not true. In practice, the death tax hits hardest those families that run small businesses or operate farms, with devastating results. A 2012 report from the Republican staff of the Joint Economic Committee (JEC) called the death tax "an overwhelming cause of the dissolution of family businesses" and "a significant hindrance to entrepreneurial activity." This is because families that have spent a lifetime working hard
and paying taxes
to build a successful business may lack the liquid assets to meet the federal government's steep death tax rate. The only way to satisfy the Internal Revenue Service is to break up the business or parcel off the family farm to pay the tax liability. The federal government should not be punishing families for their hard work. Instead, we should promote strong family businesses that contribute to our vibrant economy and withstand the test of time.
Ironically, by discouraging investment, the death tax hurts the U.S. economy and, according to some studies, actually decreases long-term tax revenue. Since its inception in 1916, the death tax has cost the U.S. economy more than $1 trillion in capital accumulation, or 3.2% of total capital stock, according to the Republican staff of the JEC. Less capital formation means slower economic growth, which results in decreased tax revenue for the federal government. The death tax gives us the ugly consequences of breaking up family businesses without any discernible benefit in terms of tax revenue. Repealing this senseless tax would allow family businesses to grow over multiple generations and improve the U.S. economy in the process. A recent study by the Tax Foundation found that repeal of the death tax would increase the U.S. capital stock by 2.2%, boost the economy, create 139,000 jobs and eventually increase federal revenue.
In fact, the tax hurts America at home and abroad. The U.S. death tax rate is the fourth highest among developed nations and puts American family businesses at a competitive disadvantage with competitors across the globe. The average death tax rate for counties in the Organization for Economic Cooperation and Development (OECD) is 15%, but the U.S. rate is a much higher 40%. According to the Tax Foundation, since 2000, 11 countries have repealed their death tax entirely, including Sweden and Norway. While these countries turn toward encouraging economic investment, President Obama has proposed taking America in the exact opposite direction. The president's fiscal year 2016 budget included a second death tax that would effectively raise America's rate to nearly 60%
the second highest rate in the world.
This Congress is committed to sending a death tax repeal bill to the president's desk. We urge President Obama to listen to the American people, who overwhelmingly want to see this destructive tax abolished, and to work with Congress. By repealing this unpopular tax, we can help American families, protect our farms and family-owned businesses and grow our nation's economy.
As always, I encourage each of you to continue praying for our country during these challenging times, for our brave military men and women, and for our first responder personnel who selflessly serve to protect us each day.
With great respect,
Bill Flores
Member of Congress
NOTE: Please DO NOT respond to this email as this inbox is unattended. To contact my office please
click here
UNSUBSCRIBE
|
PRIVACY POLICY
|
CONTACT US
Click Here Click Here