DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.0 Transitional//EN" "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml1/DTD/xhtml1-transitional.dtd"
If you are having trouble reading this email,
please view the web version .
Real Concerns with Iran Nuclear Deal
I am skeptical of the newly announced nuclear deal between Iran and western nations. This deal is being brokered with a country that has declared themselves a great enemy to the United States and our friends. It is difficult to broker an honest deal with an outright enemy. I know the President is hopeful that Iran will change in the coming years and that economic prosperity could reduce their extremism. I dont know that this is a realistic view. Economic prosperity does not necessarily change the autocratic policies of governments. The deal itself is only outlined right now. Details are currently being laid out. However, I am deeply unsure about the wisdom of any deal that assumes Iran will get the ability to build a nuclear weapon, even if its a decade from now. Read more in this weeks
OP-ED .
At Quadrant Engineering in Reading
Around Reading
Its always great to be able to get back from Washington and meet the people Im proud to represent. On Wednesday, I spent much of the day in Berks County and Reading. I started the morning at breakfast with the Greater Reading Chamber of Commerce. We discussed some of the many ways that the federal government is impacting local businesses and how we can improve the climate for job growth.
Later in the morning, I visited Quadrant Engineering Plastic Products located in Reading. Their plastics are used in a wide variety of industries including the medical, automotive, and alternative energy fields. In the afternoon, I joined House Transportation Committee Chairman Bill Shuster on his tour of Pennsylvania roads and bridges. His committee is working on a new federal bill to fund transportation that should be coming to the House floor soon.
Visiting Bayada Home Health Care Center in Lancaster.
Around Lancaster
Today, I spent a lot of time in Lancaster. This morning, I visited the Bayada Home Health Care center at The Long Community/Presbyterian Senior Living and the Cardiology Care for Children Center both in Lancaster. Later in the day, I got to meet a young artist, Allie Levato, who has had her work recognized nationally. As an amateur artist myself, it is always wonderful to meet young people who are creating beautiful works for us all to enjoy. It was a great week.
Medicare Advantage Cuts Stopped
The Centers for Medicare and Medicaid Services had originally proposed cutting the program by nearly 1 percent. This could have led many seniors to see reduced service. These cuts are called for as part of Obamacare. My colleagues and I wrote a
letter
calling on CMS to rescind these cuts and it appears that we were actually heard this time. The agency announced earlier this week that Medicare Advantage payments will rise by 1.25 percent next year. Medicare Advantage is a popular program, especially with low-income seniors. It offers many benefits over traditional Medicare, including dental or vision coverage. The program also has better health outcomes for enrolled seniors. Its a Republican reform that is working and should be encouraged, not cut to pay for newer Obamacare subsidies.
Op-ed of the Week: The Farmer and the Viper
In Aesops tale of the Farmer and the Viper, a farmer comes upon a snake freezing in the cold of winter. The farmer pities the animal and puts it in his coat to warm it back up. When the snake is warmed, it bites the farmer, killing him.
READ MORE
Facebook
Podcast
Tell Joe Your Opinion
Issues
The 16th District
Ask Joe For Help
The Government
Legislation
Press
About Joe Pitts
Photo Gallery
Please feel free to
forward this email to your friends and family .
Recent Videos
Opening Statement on ISIS Human Rights Abuses
Rep. Pitts opens a Human Rights Commission hearing on the abuses of the Islamic State.
A Permanent Replacement to the Sustainable Growth Rate
Rep. Pitts leads debate on the bill to permanently replace the flawed Medicare Sustainable Growth Rate.
Washington, D.C. Office
420 Cannon House Office Building
Washington, DC 20515
(1st Street and Independence Avenue)
202-225-2411
202-225-2013 (fax)
Chester County Office
Post Office Box 837
Unionville, PA 19375
(Routes 82 and 926)
610-444-4581
610-444-5750 (fax)
Lancaster Office
150 North Queen Street
Suite 716 (7th floor)
Lancaster, PA 17603
717-393-0667
717-393-0924 (fax)
Click Here Click Here