
Video of the Week
Take a moment and listen to my efforts to address problems at our local VA Hospitals. I have been working in Washington and with local VA officials to find solutions to problems experienced by veterans including access to care and lengthy wait times.
Click here
or on the picture above to watch my minute long video message.
Weekly Update:
I had the pleasure of starting my week off visiting a few of our nation's wounded warriors at Walter Reed Army Medical Center.
It is such a moving experience to be in the presence of those who serve our country in the armed forces -- and even more so when they bear the wounds of their service.
This week the House passed two incredibly important appropriations measures. Perhaps one of the most significant moments was passing a joint 10-year budget Thursday night-- the first of its kind since 2001. Without raising taxes on Americans, this budget provides certainty and stability to families and protects future generations from overwhelming debt. It puts us on a path toward economic prosperity in establishing 1.2 million new jobs and saves taxpayers $5 trillion over the next 10 years.
Click here
to read my full statement on the budget or
here for more facts and figures.
A second bill that will have a large impact back home in North Carolina is H.R. 2029. For the 800,000 veterans living in North Carolina, the
Military Construction &amp; Veterans Affairs Appropriations bill
will go a long way in correcting many of the problems still permeating VA hospitals. This bill provides an additional $163 million more than last years levels in order to process VA claims more quickly and reduce the backlog of veterans waiting for care two unacceptable problems that I know are directly affecting many Second District veterans. Additionally, it guarantees 770 new staff hires who will assist in tackling claims issues.
Click here
to read my thoughts on this bill.
Scroll down to see more of what I did this week! As always, touch base with my Asheboro, Dunn, or D.C. offices should you need assistance with anything.
My Son's Birthday!
My son may have turned 20 this past week, but I'll never stop being his Mama! It was wonderful to spend time with him on his birthday and grab a quick bite to eat in between Committee hearings. But I just couldn't let him walk away without straightening his tie...
Addressing Problems with Menu Labeling
While menu labeling was and remains a worthy goal, the reality is that it has had adverse implications on many of our small businesses across the country.
Consumers have a right to know about their foods nutritional content, but lets do it in a way that doesnt stifle or hurt businesses. The one-size-fits-all approach simply isnt feasible for the many diverse industries and businesses this labeling law affects. However todays legislation
The Common Sense Nutrition Disclosure Actis a consumer-friendly solution to the current problem experienced by so many. H.R. 2017 gives establishments the flexibility they need and ultimately provides small businesses with greater opportunity in meeting consumer expectations.
Legislation Tackling Transparency Problems at the FCC
Transparency at any level of government should be a standard -- not optional. It's crucial to maintaining the public's trust, and we in Congress are striving to embrace openness and accountability at every opportunity.
On Thursday, the Communications &amp; Technology Subcommittee held a hearing on
my legislation that would require the Federal Communications Commission (FCC)
to publish rules on the same day that they are adopted. I had an opportunity to directly question FCC Chairman Wheeler and ask for this thoughts on my legislation and why the agency prefers to do things from behind-closed-doors. Click here to learn
more about my legislation.
WEBSITE
|
UNSUBSCRIBE
|
CONTACT
Click Here Click Here