
If you are having trouble viewing this message or
would like to share it on a social network, you can
view the message online .
Congressman
Bruce
Poliquin
Representing the 2nd District
April 10, 2015
Visit to
Bangor Christian School : On Thursday, Congressman Poliquin
visited Bangor Christian School to talk with students about the economy
and their participation in SIFMA's Stock Market Game.
Be sure to read and share WVII's coverage
of
Congressman Poliquin's visit!
WABI Interview With Congressman
Bruce Poliquin : On Thursday, WABI sat down with
Congressman Poliquin in his Bangor office to discuss his first four
months in Congress.
"This is the first
time that common sense business experience has been in this seat for 20
years ..."
Please watch the video clip
of Congressman
Poliquin and be sure to share it with your
friends!
Letter to International Trade Commission : On
Wednesday, Sens. Susan Collins, Angus King and Congressman Bruce Poliquin
sent a letter to
United States International Trade Commission (ITC) Chairwoman,
Meredith Broadbent, seeking an affirmative preliminary injury determination
in regards to the unfair subsidies received by the Port Hawkesbury
paper mill.
In
their letter to ITC, Senators Collins and King and Congressman Poliquin
wrote, These unfair subsidies have caused the price for
supercalendered paper to plummet, resulting in U.S. manufacturers losing revenue,
cash flow, profit, investment, and
jobs."
Tell a
Friend
E-mail:
New Balance Facility Tour : On Friday,
Congressman Poliquin toured the New Balance facility in Somerset County.
He learned everything from New Balance's business model to witnessing
the shoes being made on the factory's floor.
Visit to Barclay Facility :
On
Tuesday, Congressman Poliquin visited the Barclay facility in Franklin
County. Be sure to read the
Daily
Bulldog's
article from the visit - " Poliquin applauded the success of the
customer center which will be expanding its workforce from the current
355 employees
to between 450 and 500 when the renovations have
been completed this
summer."
Atomic Veterans : On Wednesday,
Representatives Poliquin and Pingree sent a letter to the VA Secretary,
Robert McDonald, asking him to reexamine the treatment of thousands of
veterans who helped clean up a Pacific island that had been the site of
nuclear tests. "This seems to be a special case that deserves
additional attention to determine the extent that this exposure has affected
the health of these veterans. These veterans served their country and
followed directives from the U.S. military to carry out these missions,
and if this has left them with lasting health issues it is imperative
that the VA provide them with the benefits they deserve," Poliquin
and Pingree wrote in their letter.
E-mail Updates
Yes, please periodically send me e-mail
updates.*
*By subscribing to my
e-mail updates, you are authorizing me to send regular e-mail
updates from my office to your e-mail account.
Great TWO Weeks in Maine : Over the past two weeks,
Congressman Bruce Poliquin has gone on 11 site visits of job
employers, has had numerous individual and group meetings with Mainers and
traveled all through out the district. These site tours, meetings and
visits will help Congressman Poliquin learn how he can better serve
Maine's Second District as the DC work period picks up.Be sure to share this
newsletter with your friends and have a great
weekend!
OFFICE LOCATIONS:
WASHINGTON, DC OFFICE
426 Cannon House
Office Building
Washington, DC 20515
Phone: (202) 225-6306
Fax: (202) 225-2943
BANGOR, ME OFFICE
6 State Street Suite 101
Bangor, ME 04401
Phone: (207) 942-0583
Fax: (207) 942-0583
LEWISTON, ME OFFICE
179 Lisbon Street
Lewiston, ME 04240
Phone: (207) 784-0768
PRESQUE ISLE, ME OFFICE
631 Main Street, Suite 2
Presque Isle, ME 04769
Phone: (207)
764-1968
Unsubscribe
|
Update My Profile
|
Privacy Policy
