
I also requested that the Secretary provide vigorous oversight to the problems facing hospitals across the country, including Arkansas. Our state has 75 hospitals with 4,400 claims pending with VA, worth a total of $24 million. Im concerned that the reimbursement times will have a negative impact on veterans healthcare. Thats why my office hosted a conference with VA officials and Arkansas health providers.
VA admits this is a problem its working to resolve but it requires a certain level of involvement by the Secretary.
Quick Takes:
Purple Heart - The Army Secretary of the Army announced that two servicemembers attacked outside of a Little Rock Army recruiting center in 2009 will be awarded the Purple Heart.
Private William Long of Conway was killed and Private Quinton Ezeagwula of Jacksonville was wounded when a terrorist opened fire on the recruiting center on June 1, 2009. The two will finally receive the long overdue honor they deserve.
Trade Opportunities for Arkansas Farmers -
I joined my fellow members of the Senate Committee on Agriculture, Nutrition and Forestry to hear from government and agriculture stakeholders on agriculture trade with Cuba, including Terry Harris, the Senior Vice President of Marketing and Risk Management at the Stuttgart-based Riceland Foods.
Normalized commercial relations with Cuba are expected to create opportunities for Arkansas farmers.
Improvements Needed in IRS Customer Service: How was your experience filing your 2014 income tax? As the chairman of the Subcommittee responsible for appropriating the annual IRS budget, Im working to hold the IRS accountable for its use of taxpayer dollars and make sure its addressing the needs of its customers
the American taxpayers. Read my column published in The Hill about improvements needed in the agencys customer service.
Preventing EPAs Water Grab - The Senate Ag Committee held a hearing about the agencys overreaching proposal
which included testimony from Arkansas Attorney General Leslie Rutledge. Learn more about the impact of the EPAs proposed Waters of the U.S. rule on Arkansas.
The Jonesboro Sun published my column about the need to provide Arkansans a say in environmental protection.
E-Verify: When we discuss how to deal with our nations illegal immigration problem, one vital component is providing employers the right tools to ensure they are hiring a legal workforce. That is why I am cosponsoring the Accountability Through Electronic Verification Act of 2015.
Around Arkansas: During the Easter work period I traveled more than 900 miles across the state, visiting Harrison, Mountain Home, Jonesboro, Little Rock, El Dorado and Magnolia. This past weekend I was in Mountain View for the 53rd annual Folk Festival Parade.
Protecting Whistleblowers: I joined the bipartisan Whistleblower Protection Caucus.
This group of senators is committed to raising awareness of the value and need to protect individuals who call attention to fraud, waste and misconduct.
Kill the Death Tax: Part of the American Dream is to build an inheritance that will benefit our future generations. The death tax works against that idea by making planning and passing on family farms and businesses to the next generation even more difficult. Thats why I cosponsored legislation to eliminate the death tax. Last week the House passed legislation to repeal the death tax and Im hopeful that the Senate will follow its lead.
Arkansas Take Back - The Centers for Disease Control and Prevention has classified prescription drug abuse as an epidemic. To help fight this widespread abuse I encourage you and your neighbors, friends and family to participate in Arkansas Take Back and get expired, unused and unwanted prescription drugs out of the home. More than 130 collection sites across the state will take old and unneeded prescription drugs. Find a site closest to you.
Home
|
About
|
News
|
Services
|
Contact
Demanding Responsibility at VA
The Department of Veterans Affairs ( VA )
has been working to reestablish its trust with veterans and taxpayers.
However,
additional issues that are significantly undermining the public&rsquo;s trust in VA, especially its commitment to be being good stewards of taxpayer dollars ,
continue to arise.
Here's a perfect example.
Little Rock's Veterans Affairs Medical Center received an $8 million grant to build solar panels, but since construction was completed in 2013, they were never activated because they were not compatible with the local electricity grid. In addition, these solar panels were knowingly built in a location that conflicted with another construction project and it was known that the solar panels would have to be torn down and relocated.
Congressman French Hill and I called for an investigation
into the due diligence failures that led to this and find out why VA proceeded forward with the project. On Tuesday, I asked the Secretary of Veterans Affairs why this was allowed to happen and what&rsquo;s being done to prevent this abuse of taxpayer dollars.
Click here to watch the exchange with the VA Secretary
I also requested that the Secretary provide vigorous oversight to the problems facing hospitals across the country, including in Arkansas. Our state has 75 hospitals with 4,400 claims pending with VA, worth a total of $24 million.
That&rsquo;s why
my office hosted a conference with VA officials and Arkansas health providers . VA admits this is a problem it&rsquo;s working to resolve but it requires a certain level of involvement by the Secretary.
These are among the many serious trust issues at VA. If the public can&rsquo;t trust VA to use taxpayer money wisely, Americans will lose faith. If VA refuses to meet its obligations to providers, veterans will lose service. These problems require an immediate course correction on VA&rsquo;s part and I am committed to holding it accountable.
Quick Takes:
Purple Heart for Little Rock Terror Attack Victims:
The Secretary of the Army announced that two servicemembers attacked outside of a Little Rock Army recruiting center in 2009
will be awarded the Purple Heart . Private William Long of Conway was killed and Private Quinton Ezeagwula of Jacksonville was wounded when a terrorist opened fire on the recruiting center on June 1, 2009. The two will finally receive the long overdue honor they deserve.
Trade Opportunities for Arkansas Farmers:
Arkansas farmers are in a good position to benefit from exporting agricultural commodities to Cuba. However, as
Terry Harris, the Senior Vice President of Marketing and Risk Management at the Stuttgart-based Riceland Foods
told my fellow members of the Senate Committee on Agriculture, Nutrition and Forestry at a hearing this week, significant barriers to Arkansas farmers remain. That is why I joined Senator Heidi Heitkamp to introduce a bill that would lift the ban on private banks and companies to
allow them to offer credit for agricultural exports to Cuba , and help level the playing field for U.S. farmers and exporters .
Improvements Needed in IRS Customer Service:
How was your experience filing your 2014 income tax? As the chairman of the Subcommittee responsible for appropriating the annual IRS budget, I&rsquo;m working to hold the IRS accountable for its use of taxpayer dollars and make sure it&rsquo;s addressing the needs of its customers &ndash; the American taxpayers. Read my
column published in The Hill
about improvements needed in the agency&rsquo;s customer service.
Preventing EPA&rsquo;s Water Grab:
The Senate Ag Committee held a hearing about the
agency&rsquo;s overreaching proposal
which included testimony from
Arkansas Attorney General Leslie Rutledge.
Learn more about the impact of the EPA&rsquo;s proposed Waters of the U.S. rule on Arkansas .
The
Jonesboro Sun
published my column
about the need to provide Arkansans a say in environmental protection.
E-Verify:
When we discuss how to deal with our nation&rsquo;s illegal immigration problem, one vital component is providing employers the right tools to ensure they are hiring a legal workforce. That is why I am cosponsoring the
Accountability Through Electronic Verification Act of 2015.
Around Arkansas:
During the Easter work period I traveled more than 90 0 miles across the state, visiting Harrison,
Mountain Home ,
Jonesboro , Little Rock ,
El Dorado
and Magnolia. Last weekend I was in Mountain View for the 53 rd
annual Folk Festival Parade. (Pictured at the right)
Protecting Whistleblowers:
I joined the bipartisan
Whistleblower Protection Caucus . This group of senators is committed to raising awareness of the value and need to protect individuals who call attention to fraud, waste and misconduct.
Kill the Death Tax:
Part of the American Dream is to build an inheritance that will benefit our future generations. The death tax works against that idea by making planning and passing on family farms and businesses to the next generation even more difficult.
That&rsquo;s why I cosponsored legislation to eliminate the death tax . Last week the House passed legislation to repeal the death tax and I&rsquo;m hopeful that the Senate will follow its lead.
Arkansas Take Back:
The Centers for Disease Control and Prevention classifies prescription drug abuse as an epidemic. To help fight this widespread abuse I encourage you and your neighbors, friends and family to participate in Arkansas Take Back and get expired, unused and unwanted prescription drugs out of the home. More than 130 collection sites across the state will take old and unneeded prescription drugs on Saturday.
Find a site closest to you .
Home
|
Privacy Policy
|
Unsubscribe
