 Mail
begin
If you are having trouble
viewing this message or would like to share it on a social network, you
can
view the message
online .
About
Contact
Services
Media Center
Legislation
Issues
Resources
March 29, 2015
Friends,
435.
This is the total number of men and women elected to serve in
the House of Representatives. Currently, there are 245 Republican
members, 188 Democratic members, and two vacancies. As you can imagine, it
is rare that an overwhelming majority of us come together and agree on
an issue. In my opinion, this does not occur often
enough.
In these rare occasions, when a
majority of Representatives act together, it is typically to address
matters of national security. This happened last week.
A vast
majority of members, 367 in fact, sent a letter to President Obama
regarding his Administrations Iranian nuclear negotiations.
We united to express our concerns over the ongoing negotiations,
which are expected to conclude in the next few days. Furthermore, we
sent a stern reminder to the President that relieving sanctions on Iran
requires legislation so any deal the Administration attempts to broker
must satisfy Congress. You can read the full letter
HERE .
I encourage you to follow this
story, as it impacts our national security and our allies in the
East.
You may be thinking what does a
letter really accomplish? What good does this do? I understand these
concerns because I questioned the effectiveness of Congressional
letters when I first began serving our district in Congress. Not every
letter will change a leaders position or an agencys interpretation of a
law, but sometimes they do.
For example, last week the Department of Veterans
Affairs (VA) eased their interpretation of a rule
used to
determine veterans CHOICE Card eligibility.
This decision came
after members of Congress and advocacy groups sent letters voicing their
concerns.
VA Secretary
Robert McDonald announced last week that his agency will alter its
interpretation of the 40-mile rule enacted in the Veterans Access, Choice,
and Accountability Act. Currently, veterans are eligible to receive
VA sanctioned private health care if they reside more than 40 miles,
measured in straight-line distance, from a VA medical facility.
Instead of determining eligibility by driving distance from a facility,
the VA used straight-line distance because it is further than driving
distance. The purpose of the Veterans Access, Choice and
Accountability Act was to increase access to care and care options and this
interpretation address neither. After hearing concerns from veterans, veteran
advocates, and members of Congress,
the VA will now allow
driving distance, not straight-line distance, to determine
eligibility.
While
some veterans will now become eligible for private care, there are still
more interpretation issues with the Veterans Access, Choice, and
Accountability Act the VA must address. I have heard from many veterans
and veterans organizations in our district that the new 40-mile rule is
nearly a moot point because eligibility for private care is based off
the distance a veteran lives from any VA medical facility, regardless
of the services it provides.
I cosponsored a bill last
week that directs the VA Secretary to interpret the law so veterans may
seek private care if they reside more than 40 miles from a medical
facility that offers the service and/or procedure they have been
prescribed.
Read more about this legislation, H.R. 577,
HERE .
Florence Coffee Event
Wednesday
I hope you can join me for a cup of coffee
this Wednesday at Bazens in Florence. The House of Representatives
has voted on some important legislation this year and I would like to
get your input. This is our first Spring Coffee with Your Congressman
Event and we hope to have more of these over the next few weeks. Please
follow us on Facebook, Twitter, and our Website for alerts about
upcoming events. Here is the information for the event on Wednesday (and,
no this isnt an April Fools joke!):
Coffee with Your
Congressman
Wednesday, April
1, 2015
8:30 AM
9:30 AM
Bazens Family Restaurant
704 South Irby Street
Florence, SC
29501
House Passes Balanced Budget
Plan
In our previous newsletters, I outlined the House Budget
Committees Budget proposal.
I am glad to let you know
that the House of Representatives approved our plan last
week.
South Carolinians and taxpayers across the country want to see
our federal government manage its money like they doon a budget.
This budget cuts spending, saves tax dollars, and bolsters defense;
but that is not all. It addresses the issues many of you have voiced
concern about like tax reform, the repeal of Obamacare, and relief from
federal regulations. Ultimately, the House passed a savings roadmap
for the government to follow, bringing us one step closer to getting our
country back on a path of fiscal responsibility.
ATTN: New Forms Required for
VA Claims
The VA now requires the use
of standard claim and appeal forms to make it as fast and easy as
possible for veterans and survivors to file applications for benefits and
receive timely and accurate decisions on their claims. This change
brings VA processes in line with other government agency processes, such
as those of the Social Security Administration and the Internal Revenue
Service, which also require submissions on standard forms before they
can pay benefits or issue refunds.
There are two claim actions that now require
standard forms
applications for veterans and survivors disability
compensation or pension, and notices of disagreement to initiate
appeals of compensation claim decisions.
Veterans or
survivors who filed their claim prior to March 24, 2015, do not need to refile
using a standard form. The easiest and fastest way for veterans to
submit an application for compensation is online through the eBenefits
(www.ebenefits.va.gov) portal. Veterans who are unable to submit their
compensation application electronically can mail them to their Claims
Intake Center. Completed forms for pension and survivors benefits
should be mailed to the nearest regional office. For more information on
which forms to use, or how to notify VA of your intent to file a
claim, click
HERE .
Constituent
Spotlight
This week I had the pleasure of
meeting with a group of Coastal Carolina University students and members
of the South Carolina Bankers Association. If you plan on visiting
Washington, D.C. this spring, please give our office a call. We can
schedule tours of the Capitol, Washington Monument, and Library of
Congress. If you give us more than three weeks advance notice, we can try to
schedule a tour of the White House. For more information, please call
our Washington, D.C. Office at 202-225-9895.
As always, it is an honor and privilege to serve
you and your
family.
Have a good
week,
Share on Facebook
Tell a Friend
E-mail:
If you would like to reply to this email or contact my
office, please do so by visiting the contact page on my website
here
as this email is not monitored.
Washington D.C. Office
223 Cannon House Office Building
Washington, DC 20515
Phone: (202) 225-9895
Fax: (202) 225-9690
Grand Strand
Office
2411 N. Oak Street
Suite 405
Myrtle Beach, SC 29577
Phone: (843) 445-6459
Fax:
(843) 445-6418
Pee Dee Office
1831
West Evans Street
Suite 300
Florence, SC 29501
Phone: (843)
679-9781
Fax: (843) 679-9783
Unsubscribe
|
Update My
Profile
|
Privacy Policy
gateway mail end
