
[if (gte mso 9)]>
<![endif]
Rep. Bob Goodlatte
JOB FAIR!
On
Monday, April 27,
the City of Roanoke will host a
Job Fair
in conjunction with my office and the office of Congressman Morgan Griffith
from 8:30 a.m. until 1:00 p.m.
at Roanoke's Berglund Center Special Events Hall. If you are looking for a new job or new
opportunities, I look forward to seeing you there. Here's a
link
to more information
on the Job Fair.
114 Days to Tax Freedom?
Today, April 24th, marks Tax Freedom Day. It's
not an occasion to celebrate. After 114 days, Americans have finally worked long enough to pay the nation's tax bill for 2015! According to the Tax
Foundation, all in all, Americans will
spend more on taxes
this
year than they will on food, clothing, and housing combined. That should be proof enough that we need a new tax code. Read more below on some of the
recent House-passed tax reforms...
House Passes
Much-Needed Tax Reforms
Tax Day has come and gone, but the aggravation and frustration of tax season is still
fresh in many minds. It&rsquo;s during this particularly &ldquo;taxing&rdquo; time of year that hard working Americans are confronted with piles of
forms, confusing instructions, and the prospect of turning more of their hard-earned money over to the government. Anyone who has filed taxes knows
that the current tax code is overly complex and unfair. If America is to remain competitive in the global economy and build an economy ripe with
opportunity here at home, the current tax system must be reformed.
Part of reforming the tax system is having an Internal Revenue Service (IRS) that works on behalf of taxpayers, not against them. The IRS political
targeting scandal did little to build trust and confidence in the agency. As part of a continued effort to hold the IRS accountable to the American
taxpayers, the House of Representatives recently passed several bipartisan reforms.
Click here to read more
about these bills in my weekly column.
A fairer tax code also means one that eliminates the estate tax, or death
tax, which penalizes many families. I recently voted in support of H.R. 1105, the
Death Tax Repeal Act , to permanently repeal this burdensome
tax. I&rsquo;ve had the opportunity to visit countless family-owned businesses in my travels around the Sixth Congressional District. These men and
women have spent a lifetime saving and building their businesses to leave behind greater opportunities for the next generation.
Unfortunately, these earnings are taxed yet again at death. Oftentimes, that can lead to the family business having to be sold altogether,
instead of being passed on to the next generation. Instead of taxing family businesses and farms out of existence, repealing the death tax is part of
a much-needed overhaul of our tax system that will help protect families in Virginia from facing this unwelcome burden.
These reforms are just starting points for real tax reform. A fairer and simpler tax code is fundamental
to encouraging investment, savings, and job creation. Rather than a tax code that restrains economic growth, we need a system that empowers job
creators and families. I am committed to seeing these solutions through Congress and enacting a tax system that will serve as a foundation for our
21st century economy.
Scenes from the Sixth District
A few highlights from this week: Speaking with environmental science and
government students at Amherst County High School ; touring the Glad manufacturing facility in Amherst; and, meeting James, a student ambassador
from Old Dominion Job Corps.
Click here for more photos.
###
www.Goodlatte.House.Gov
This message was
generated from an unattended mailbox.
Should you have further questions, please visit the &quot; Contact Bob &quot;
section of my website or call my office at (202) 225-5431.
This message was intended for:
dj724530@gmail.com
You were added to the system November 2, 2013.
For more information
click here .
Update your preferences
Unsubscribe
|
Unsubscribe via email
