
Happy Easter and Chag Sameach!
Amy and I wish you and your family a happy and blessed celebration.
A Dangerous Deal
This week, President Obama released the framework for a dangerous deal with a nation whose leaders call for death to America and the brutal destruction of one of our closest allies. The
framework deal
on Irans nuclear program agreed to by Iran and six world powers led by the Obama Administration will lift nuclear sanctions currently levied on the regime while allowing Iran to keep its nuclear facilities.
Our President is negotiating this deal and ignoring the reality that Iran has a long-term plan to increase its nuclear capabilities while working hand-in-hand with terrorist organizations. Iran has never agreed to full United Nations inspections of their nuclear facilities and they continuously violate sanctions put in place by the United Nations. Why should we believe that they will start playing by the rules now?
This is not the behavior pattern of a potential ally or even of a friendly nation. These negotiations are a ploy to trick the United States and our allies into allowing full freedom for Iran to grow their nuclear presence, implement their plans of terror and provoke a nuclear arms race in the most unstable region in the world. Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu warned that the proposed deal would pose a grave danger to the region and to the world, and would threaten the very survival of the state of Israel. I fear he is right.
As the negotiators move towards a final agreement by the June deadline, Congress must be consulted to ensure that the Iranian regime is held accountable and the threat of their nuclear program is eliminated.
From our Nation's Capitol XIII
Monday, March 30, 2015:
As always, the past weekend was packed with events including speaking to the Health Policy and Clinical Practice Conference for Patients with Multiple Chronic Conditions, a group meeting at the Westin Hotel on Hutchinson Island in Savannah.
I also had the opportunity to speak at the Savannah Asian American Festival held at Armstrong State University as well as participate in their program by breaking a board with my hand and being awarded a black belt by Master Lee who runs a Tae Kwon Do fitness center in Savannah.
While the weather was beautiful for the festival, the most beautiful site was the native dress of the different countries represented at the event.
We also attended the Easter and Unity Festival in Hinesville before heading to Jesup for the annual Dogwood Festival.
Both were great events.
Another great group, the Satilla Riverkeeper, held their annual BBQ on the Bluff in Camden County attracting a good crowd to benefit environmental issues on the Satilla River.
On Sunday morning, I had the opportunity to speak to the Fifth Sunday Mens
Breakfast group held at Guyton Methodist Church.
This is a great group from Effingham and surrounding counties that I have enjoyed meeting with for many years.
On Sunday afternoon, Amy and I enjoyed attending a Taste of Glynn held on St. Simons Island where we sampled some of Glynn Counties many fine restaurants.
Today begins with an interview with Redletter TV at the Sanctuary of Savannah with Pastors Larry and Todd McDaniel.
It is always a delight to be with these fine people and be a part of this inspirational ministry.
Afterwards, we have the opportunity to tour the new Hanger Clinic in Savannah and learn of the fine work they are doing with prosthetics and orthotics.
The work done at this facility improves the quality of life for many patients, particularly our wounded warriors.
Next, we attend the Downtown Savannah Rotary where I have a brief moment to address these fine business leaders of Savannah before heading to our Savannah District Office on Diamond Causeway for a meeting with Chatham County District Attorney Meg Heap followed by a meeting with representatives from the Border Patrol Foundation.
Tuesday, March 31, 2015:
Today is Glynn County day and we start bright and early at the Golden Isles Career Academy with a community breakfast unveiling the 2015-2020 strategic plan.
This public charter school offers career preparatory opportunities for high school and college programs.
After the breakfast, we enjoy a tour of the facility and learn more about the many diverse programs they offer from nursing to automobile repair to welding.
Next, we tour Gulfstreams Brunswick facility located at the Golden Isles Airport and learn of the fine work done at this facility.
Gulfstream is the largest private employer in the First Congressional District with this location as well as their headquarters in Savannah.
Afterwards, we join the Brunswick Exchange Club for lunch before a tour of the PaR Marine Fabrication facilities.
Referred to as one of Brunswicks best kept secrets, PaR has two locations in Brunswick where they make a variety of marine products including elevators for ships and, most recently, cranes to be used at the Chernobyl Nuclear Power Plant confinement in North Central Ukraine.
The work done by this company and the craftsmanship of their talented employees produces products used worldwide.
Wednesday, April 1, 2015:
Today is moving day for our Savannah district office.
We have two district offices in the First Congressional District, the Savannah office and another in Brunswick.
For the past three months we have continued to occupy former Rep. Jack Kingstons district office on Diamond Causeway while our office at 6600 Abercorn Street has been renovated.
We will be having a ribbon cutting for the new facility later this month.
Before heading to the office to help with the moving, I have the opportunity to visit with residents and family members at the Bryan County Health and Rehabilitation Center in Richmond Hill.
One of the main issues they are interested in is the Sustainable Growth Rate (SGR) legislation that was passed in Congress last week and I am happy to report to them that by fixing the SGR we will assure seniors access to quality healthcare by strengthening Medicare.
Later, I attend the weekly meeting of the Savannah Area Republican Women, where I have the opportunity to briefly update them on news from Washington.
Thursday, April 2, 2015:
Today is a very special day as I get my first tour of Kings Bay Naval Submarine Base as a United States Congressman.
My visit starts with a command briefing with Submarine Group 10 Commander Rear Admiral Chas Richard.
A graduate of the University of Alabama, RDML Richard is a fine example of the excellent leadership we have in our Navy today.
Next, we have a tour of the USS Georgia, one of the Ohio-class submarines commanded by Captain William Breitfelder.
As fate would have it, the USS Georgia is in dock for maintenance at this time making it convenient for a University of Georgia graduate like myself to tour one of our countrys finest pieces of military equipment.
After a great visit with the fine young men and women serving our country aboard this phenomenal fighting machine, I visit with members of the Maritime Force Protection Unit (MFPU) headed up by Executive Officer, Lieutenant Commander Josh Empen.
The MFPU consists of personnel from the U. S. Coast Guard which, along with personnel for the U.S Marine Corps, also serves at Kings Bay.
Next, I visit the Engineering Services Building headed by Commanding Officer Capt. Kevin Jones, where I am given a tour of the Missile Assembly building, which is nothing short of amazing.
My tour ends with a visit to the Dry Dock facility, an engineering marvel where the submarines are set to work on during maintenance.
Headed up by Capt. Larry Hill, the commanding officer for the Trident Refit Facility, these professionals display a precision that is beyond impressive as they can set a 17,000 ton submarine within
inch of where they are aiming in a dry dock.
After my tour, I attend the Navy League Camden-Kings Bay Dinner where I have the opportunity to share my experiences of the day with members of the community.
Three of my takeaways from today are 1) after touring one of these phenomenal submarines, you have a better understanding of how they project power around the world and the myriad of missions they can perform 2) our Navy consists of some of the finest leaders as well as some of the finest young men and women our country has to offer and 3) the Camden County community is one of the most supportive military communities in our country.
WEBSITE
|
UNSUBSCRIBE
|
CONTACT
