.
Breaking a new milestone is particularly important in a Congress controlled by Republicans, who, so far, have uniformly opposed statehood for the District.
However, D.C. residents and statehood advocates across the nation should not see these two Republican congressional years as downtime for our rights.
We have lots of work to do this year and next, a presidential year, to strengthen the statehood movement in D.C. and to find better ways to generate national support for D.C. statehood.
To commemorate D.C. Emancipation Day, I will give a series of floor speeches this week beginning Tuesday and each day leading up to a Special Order Hour on the House Floor that I will host on D.C. Emancipation Day, April 16, dedicated to making the District the 51st state.
Upcoming Events:
GSA Holdover Leases Roundtable: Thursday, April 16
2253 Rayburn House Office Building
2:00 p.m.
I am hosting a roundtable on U.S. General Services Administration (GSA) holdover leases in the national capital region on Thursday, April 16, 2015, at 2:00 p.m. in 2253 Rayburn House Office Building.
The roundtable is open to the public, and will feature Darren Blue, GSA Public Buildings Commissioner for the National Capital Region and a question and answer period engaging the public in attendance.
Combating Sexual Assault on Campus: A Search for Realistic Remedies, April 23
American University School of Public Affairs
Ward 1 Auditorium
4400 Massachusetts Avenue NW
6:00 p.m.
8:00 p.m.
I am hosting a much-needed roundtable on April 23 during National Sexual Assault Awareness and Prevention Month, entitled Combating Sexual Assault on Campus: A Search for Realistic Remedies, at American University, Ward 1 Auditorium (4400 Massachusetts Ave. NW) from 6:00 p.m.
8:00 p.m.
The goal of the roundtable is to help colleges, universities, students, and advocates in the District develop solutions to prevent campus sexual assault.
A panel of university officials from American University, Howard University, and George Washington University will sit with me to hear the concerns and recommendations of local university students and advocacy groups.
Taking Action to Help Prevent Future Police Shootings of Unarmed Americans
Last week, millions of Americans and people the world over were eye witnesses to the video of the tragic and shocking scene of Walter Scott, an unarmed African American in North Charleston, SC, being shot to death in the back by a police officer.
From Ferguson to Cleveland to New York and now to North Charleston, we have seen examples of atrocious police practices and racial profiling leading to the deaths of unarmed African Americans.
As a first step to address this growing crisis, I have written to the Department of Justice (DOJ) requesting that the Office of Justice Programs provide grants from existing DOJ funds to local governments to create local task forces on 21st century policing to bring police, community representatives, and public officials together to identify local policing issues and best policing practices.
The continued shootings have trumped my earlier intention to introduce a bill for DOJ grants.
However, Congress does not act expeditiously, and the shootings show that local jurisdictions need help in getting down to remedies now.
We believe DOJ can take immediate action to begin the process of encouraging local task forces to get to work to improve local policing.
Capitol Riverfront Continues Remarkable Progress
Last week, I attended a groundbreaking ceremony to mark the start of construction on F1rst, a 450,000 square-foot development project in the Capitol Riverfront neighborhood .
The development of the new parcel resulted from my Southeast Federal Center Public-Private Development Act of 2000, which allowed private sector development of federal land for the first time.
The result was the new Capitol Riverfront neighborhood near Nationals Park, which has dozens of new mixed-use projects in the Southeast Washington neighborhood near M Street and will continue with new construction in coming years to bring the city new jobs, investment, and tax revenue as new projects continue.
doctype html
Congresswoman Nortons e-Newsletter
Monday, April 13, 2015
Dont Miss:
Combating Sexual Assault on D.C. College Campuses on Thursday, April 23 (see further down for full event details)
This Week: Statehood Floor Series Leading Up to D.C. Emancipation Day (April 16)
D.C. statehood momentum continues at a historic high as D.C. Emancipation Day approaches this Thursday.
Last week, our D.C. statehood bill, the New Columbia Admission Act, set a new record for House cosponsors with 113 .
Breaking a new milestone is particularly important in a Congress controlled by Republicans, who, so far, have uniformly opposed statehood
for the District.
However, D.C. residents and statehood advocates across the nation should not see these two Republican congressional years as downtime for our rights.
We have lots of work to do this year and next, a presidential year, to strengthen the
statehood movement in D.C. and to find better ways to generate national support for D.C. statehood.
To commemorate D.C. Emancipation Day, I will give a series of floor speeches this week beginning Tuesday and each day leading up to a Special Order Hour on
the House Floor that I will host on D.C. Emancipation Day, April 16, dedicated to making the District the 51st state.
Upcoming Events:
GSA Holdover Leases Roundtable: Thursday, April 16
2253 Rayburn House Office Building
2:00 p.m.
I am hosting a roundtable on U.S. General Services Administration (GSA) holdover leases in the national capital region on Thursday, April 16, 2015, at 2:00 p.m. in 2253 Rayburn House Office
Building.
The roundtable is open to the public, and will feature Darren Blue, GSA Public Buildings Commissioner for the National Capital Region and a question and answer period engaging the public in attendance.
Combating Sexual Assault on Campus: A Search for Realistic Remedies, April 23
American University School of Public Affairs
Ward 1 Auditorium
4400 Massachusetts Avenue NW
6:00 p.m.
8:00 p.m.
I am hosting a much-needed roundtable on April 23 during National Sexual Assault Awareness and Prevention Month, entitled Combating Sexual Assault on Campus: A Search for Realistic Remedies,
at American University, Ward 1 Auditorium (4400 Massachusetts Ave. NW) from 6:00 p.m.
8:00 p.m.
The goal of the roundtable is to help colleges, universities, students, and advocates in the District develop solutions to prevent campus sexual assault.
A
panel of university officials from American University, Howard University, and George Washington University will sit with me to hear the concerns and recommendations of local university students and advocacy groups.
Taking Action to Help Prevent Future Police Shootings of Unarmed Americans
Last week, millions of Americans and people the world over were eye witnesses to the video of the tragic and shocking scene of Walter Scott, an unarmed African American in North Charleston,
SC, being shot to death in the back by a police officer.
From Ferguson to Cleveland to New York and now to North Charleston, we have seen examples of atrocious police practices and racial profiling leading to the deaths of unarmed African Americans.
As a
first step to address this growing crisis, I have written to the Department of Justice (DOJ) requesting that the Office of Justice Programs
provide grants from existing DOJ funds to local governments to create local task forces on 21st century policing to bring police, community representatives, and public officials together to identify local policing issues and best policing practices.
The
continued shootings have trumped my earlier intention to introduce a bill for DOJ grants.
However, Congress does not act expeditiously, and the shootings show that local jurisdictions need help in getting down to remedies now.
We believe DOJ can take immediate
action to begin the process of encouraging local task forces to get to work to improve local policing.
Capitol Riverfront Continues Remarkable Progress
Last week, I attended a groundbreaking ceremony to mark
the start of construction on F1rst, a 450,000 square-foot development project in the Capitol Riverfront neighborhood .
The development of the new parcel resulted from my Southeast
Federal Center Public-Private Development Act of 2000, which allowed private sector development of federal land for the first time.
The result was the new Capitol Riverfront neighborhood near Nationals Park, which has dozens of new mixed-use projects in the
Southeast Washington neighborhood near M Street and will continue with new construction in coming years to bring the city new jobs, investment, and tax revenue as new projects continue.
Thanks for subscribing!
Follow Congresswoman Norton on
Facebook ,
Twitter ,
Instagram ,
YouTube , or her
website
for more updates.
Capitol Hill Office
2136 Rayburn HOB
Washington, D.C. 20515
Phone: (202) 225-8050
Fax: (202) 225-3002
S.E. District Office
2041 Martin Luther King Jr. Ave., S.E.
Washington, D.C. 20020
Phone: (202) 678-8900
Fax: (202) 678-8844
Main District Office
90 K Street, N.E., Suite 100
Washington DC 20001
Phone: (202) 408-9041
Fax: (202) 408-9048
To unsubscribe from our list, please click here .
