
Dear Friend,
Thank you for signing up to receive my email newsletter. These
newsletters will cover a variety of topics, including events happening
in Indiana, legislation being considered in Congress, and my
perspective on current issues. My hope is to keep you updated and
informed on how issues in Washington may impact Hoosiers. I welcome
your feedback.
Thanks for reading,
Dan Coats
_____
Passing a Balanced Budget
Early Friday morning, I voted in favor of a Senate budget resolution
that would hold the federal government accountable to taxpayers and
begin to rein in Washington's spending problem. Not only does this
budget balance in ten years without raising taxes, but it strengthens
our national defense, supports regulatory reform and boosts our
economic growth by more than $500 billion over the next decade. This
budget resolution lays out a blueprint for Congress as we move forward
on legislation to create jobs and address our fiscal challenges.
I also am pleased that two of my amendments were included in the budget
resolution. The first amendment would create a deficit neutral reserve
fund to strengthen national cybersecurity while protecting individual
privacy and civil liberties interests. Cybersecurity is an ever-growing
threat, and we must be proactive to combat this threat while also
protecting the privacy rights of individuals.
The second amendment would prevent funds from being appropriated to
purchase additional office space for the federal government when
existing office space is available. We currently have government
buildings sitting empty while agencies request money to buy new real
estate. Taxpayers should not have to pay for the upkeep of these empty
spaces and the purchase of new property.
I am proud to have supported this year's budget. This budget resolution
lays out a blueprint for Congress as we move forward on legislation to
create jobs and address our fiscal challenges.
_____
2016 Senate Election
This week I announced that I will not seek re-election to the United
States Senate. This was not an easy decision. While I believe I am
well-positioned to run a successful campaign for another six-year term,
I have concluded that the time has come to pass this demanding job to
the next generation of leaders.
Until the end of my Senate term, I pledge to my constituents that I
will continue to focus all of my time and energy on the major
challenges that Hoosiers sent me to Washington to address.
I am grateful to God and to Hoosiers who allowed me to serve my state
and my country. I am particularly thankful for the unqualified support
of my wife Marsha and our family. Regarding this decision, they were
100 percent in favor of whatever choice I would make.
Marsha and I look forward to continued engagement in Indiana in many
other ways.
To watch the video explaining my decision, click here
or on the image.
Coats in the News
Coats Highlights Waste of the Week: Waived Reforms to Food Stamp
Program
Coats Places Hold on Greek Resolution After Ministers Threaten to
Unleash 'Wave' of Jihadists on Europe
With Sen. Dan Coats' Retirement, One More Gone From The Old School
A commendable act of political sensibility from Coats
Coats Statement on Five-Year Anniversary of Obamacare
_____
Stay Connected
_____
Coats with Hoosiers
It was great to meet Dr. Bill Grider and his son Luke of Indianapolis.
I enjoyed meeting Dr. Earl Brooks, president of Trine University.
It was encouraging to pray with Hoosier members of Capitol Connection
Pastors.
_____
To unsubscribe please
Click Here
Contact Me
Latest News
A message
from Senator Dan Coats
Dear
Friend,
Thank you for signing up to receive my email
newsletter. These newsletters will cover a variety of topics,
including
events happening in Indiana, legislation being
considered
in Congress, and my perspective on current issues.
My
hope is to keep you updated and informed on how issues in Washington may impact Hoosiers. I welcome your
feedback.
Thanks for reading,
Dan Coats
Passing a Balanced Budget
Early Friday morning, I voted in favor of a Senate budget resolution that would hold the federal
government accountable to taxpayers and begin to rein in Washington's spending problem. Not only does
this budget balance in ten years without raising taxes, but it strengthens our national defense, supports
regulatory reform and boosts our economic growth by more than $500 billion over the next decade. This
budget resolution lays out a blueprint for Congress as we move forward on legislation to create jobs
and address our fiscal challenges.
I also am pleased that two of my amendments
were included in the budget resolution. The first amendment would create a deficit neutral reserve fund
to strengthen national cybersecurity while protecting individual privacy and civil liberties interests.
Cybersecurity is an ever-growing threat, and we must be proactive to combat this threat while also protecting
the privacy rights of individuals.
The second amendment would prevent funds from being appropriated to purchase additional office space
for the federal government when existing office space is available. We currently have government buildings
sitting empty while agencies request money to buy new real estate. Taxpayers should not have to pay for
the upkeep of these empty spaces and the purchase of new property.
I am proud to have
supported this year's budget. This budget resolution lays out a blueprint for Congress as we move forward
on legislation to create jobs and address our fiscal challenges.
2016
Senate Election
This week I announced that I will not seek re-election to the United States Senate. This was
not an easy decision. While I believe I am well-positioned to run a successful campaign for another six-year
term, I have concluded that the time has come to pass this demanding job to the next generation of leaders.
Until the end of my Senate term, I pledge to my constituents that I will continue to focus all of
my time and energy on the major challenges that Hoosiers sent me to Washington to address.
I am grateful to God and to Hoosiers who allowed me to serve my state and my country. I am particularly
thankful for the unqualified support of my wife Marsha and our family. Regarding this decision, they
were 100 percent in favor of whatever choice I would make.
Marsha and I look forward to continued engagement in Indiana in many other ways.
To watch the video explaining my decision, click
here
or on the image.
Coats
in the News
Coats
Highlights Waste of the Week: Waived Reforms to Food Stamp Program
Coats
Places Hold on Greek Resolution After Ministers Threaten to Unleash &#8216;Wave&#8217; of Jihadists on
Europe
With
Sen. Dan Coats' Retirement, One More Gone From The Old School
A
commendable act of political sensibility from Coats
Coats
Statement on Five-Year Anniversary of Obamacare
Stay
Connected
Coats with Hoosiers
It
was great to meet Dr. Bill Grider and his son Luke of Indianapolis.
I
enjoyed meeting Dr. Earl Brooks, president of Trine University.
It
was encouraging to pray with Hoosier members of Capitol Connection Pastors.
To
unsubscribe please
Click
Here
Contact
Me Latest
News
