
If you are having trouble viewing this message or would like to
share it on a social network, you can
view the message online .
May 05, 2015
Unsubscribe
Update My Profile
Website
|
Biography
|
Contact Me
|
Services
|
Issues
&amp; Legislation
|
Newsroom
|
28th
District
Welcome to my Washington Update,
an e-newsletter for the constituents of California's 28th
Congressional District. This e-newsletter provides a way for you to keep me
informed of your views and interests. In addition to participating in the
survey, I would encourage you to send any more detailed thoughts by
email .
Sincerely,
Congressman Adam
Schiff
Rep. Schiff Pushes for Recognition on the 100th
Anniversary of the Armenian Genocide
April
24th marked the 100th anniversary of the Armenian Genocide, in which
roughly 1.5 million Armenians, Assyrians and Greeks were killed by the
Ottoman Empire. On this centennial anniversary of those tragic events,
Rep. Schiff marched with over 130,000 people through the streets of Los
Angeles to bring awareness to the Genocide as well as to call for
recognition and justice.
And earlier in the week,
Schiff went to the House Floor to read 1,000 names of victims of the
Armenian Genocide for one hour
and submitted thousands more into
the Congressional Record.
The
horrors of the Armenian Genocide have been compounded by decades of denial
by the Turkish government, which continues to fight the truth to this
day, said Schiff. The United States has become complicit in this
denial by failing to
recognize the genocide
for decades
and I was deeply disappointed by President Obamas refusal
to use the word genocide in his statement.
The United States
must join the world community
as it has in speaking out against
other
atrocities and in confronting painful chapters of
our own past
in calling the Armenian Genocide a genocide. The time
for silence is over.
Read more:
Los Angeles Times
Armenian genocide: Massive march ends at
Turkish consulate in L.A.
Pasadena Star News
100th anniversary of Armenian Genocide renews calls for
justice in Montebello
Glendale News Press
While international majority agrees,
recognition of Armenian Genocide still a tough sell for
some
Los Angeles Daily News Tens of thousands march
through Los Angeles to remember the Armenian
Genocide
Rep. Schiff Hosts Town Hall to Discuss the National Park
Services Draft Proposal to Expand Santa Monica Mountains National Recreation
Area
This week,
Rep. Schiff hosted a town hall meeting at Descanso Gardens in La
Caada Flintridge along with the National Park Service (NPS), to brief his
constituents on the NPSs recently released Rim of the Valley Study
draft report. NPS has been studying the potential benefits and
costs of expanding the boundary of the Santa Monica Mountains National
Recreation Area to include the Rim of the Valley corridor and has
recommended more than doubling the size of the existing park. Schiff and a
panel of experts responded to questions and concerns from the
225-member audience and encouraged everyone to submit written comments to the
National Park Service during the public comment period through June 30,
2015 at
pwr_rimofthevalley@nps.gov
and to
Schiffs office at
SchiffROTV@mail.house.gov . To view
the National Park Services draft report please
click here.
Rep. Schiff said about the report, In
the 1970's when the Santa Monica Mountains Recreation Area was created,
Congress had the foresight to see that the Los Angeles population
would grow and thrive, and it was necessary to act to preserve the open
space and natural wonders around us. Over the past two years, the Park
Service has worked to complete their draft report and has now
recommended a major expansion of the park, as reflected in Alternative C, to
better serve and connect this growing urban population to nature.
While I am grateful that the Park Service has shown the foresight of
recommending a substantial enlargement of the existing recreation area
by embracing Alternative C, I am disappointed that it did not also
adopt Alternative D, which would provide the greatest resource protection
possible.
Read
more:
La Canada Valley Sun Rim of the Valley Corridor
study released, recommends expansion over new
park
Crescenta Valley Weekly
Rim of the Valley Study
Released
San Gabriel
Valley Tribune
Proposed valley recreation land increase would make it
safer for mountain lions
Rep. Schiff Congratulates
the Winners of this Years Congressional Art
Competition
Rep. Schiff with all four winners of the District 28
Congressional Art Competition
Every year, across the
nation, Congress hosts the Congressional Art Competition open to high
school students in each Congressional District. The competition is a
long-standing tradition that encourages youth participation in the arts.
During the exhibit, attended by more than 200 students, teachers and
parents, Schiff announced that Lauren Suh, a student from Hollywood who
attends Immaculate Heart High School, had won first place with her
piece Gussie. Her artwork will hang in the United States Capitol for
one year. Additionally, Schiff announced that Christine J. Lee, a
student from Clark Magnet High School, and Emily Hogeland, a student from
John Burroughs High School, had won second and third place,
respectively. Schiff also awarded the Peoples Choice award to Avenia
Ghovandian, a student from Glendale High School.
To view a gallery of all
District 28 submissions please click here. These three pieces will
hang in Rep Schiffs offices in Washington, Burbank, and
Hollywood.
Each year, I get the opportunity to see amazing artwork
submitted by high school students from across our district, said
Schiff.
All of the students involved deserve recognition for their
hard work and exceptional talent, and I hope that they will all
continue to enrich our community with their artwork.
I particularly
want to congratulate Lauren, Christine, Emily and Avenia on being named
the winners, and look forward to enjoying their artwork in the
Capitol and my offices throughout the coming year.
Great job,
everyone!
After Civilian Deaths in Pakistan, Rep. Schiff
Again Urges More Public Accountability in Counter-Terrorism
Operations
After the death of two hostages held by
Al Qaeda
including American Warren Weinstein
in Pakistan, Rep.
Adam Schiff continued to push for increased accountability on
counter-terrorism operations by urging the publication of an annual report on
the number of combatants who are killed as well as any civilians.
This information would not disclose sources or methods, but would help
ensure we are meeting our own high standard of no civilian casualties
to a near certainty.
Additionally,
Schiff is pushing to
have intelligence agencies focus on their core mission of intelligence
gathering and analysis, and for these counter-terrorism operations to
be the province of the Defense Department
a position he advocated
last year in a New York Times op-ed.
The loss
of these two men, both of whom had devoted themselves to improving the
lives of others around the world, is a terrible tragedy, Rep. Schiff
said. The President was right to declassify information about the
counter-terrorism operations that inadvertently led to these deaths so
that the families of those lost could be informed.
The public
also has a right to know about actions taken on its behalf even
and
sometimes especially
when those operations go wrong. The President has
set a high standard for ensuring that counterterrorism operations do
not result in civilian casualties In this case, and despite extensive
surveillance, the intelligence community was not aware that there were
civilians being held hostage on the Al Qaeda
compound.
Read more:
New York
Times Amid Errors, Obama Publicly Wrestles With Drones
Limits
Los Angeles Times
U.S. may
revamp overseas hostage-rescue program
The Wall Street Journal
Obamas Drone-Strike Rules to Be
Reviewed
The Washington
Post
Hostages deaths raise wider questions about drone strikes
civilian toll
President Obama is
currently negotiating the Trans-Pacific Partnership (TPP), a proposed
trade agreement between the United States and 11 other Pacific
countries, and has encouraged Congress to pass the deal when it is complete.
This deal has been under negotiation for six years, and could encompass
as much as 40 percent of U.S. trade and 30 percent of global
GDP.
Do you support the Presidents Trans-Pacific Trade
deal? A. Yes, I believe the
deal will be beneficial for the United States and raise labor, human
rights, and environmental standards around the world. B.
Yes,
I believe the deal will help
the middle class and working families by breaking down trade barriers
overseas and increasing jobs in the United States. C.
No, I think the deal will cost
us American jobs and only result in more offshoring as businesses use
cheap labor in poor countries. D.
No, I believe this deal is a giveaway to big
business and will only aggravate the growing disparity between rich and
poor. Other: *By answering this
survey, you are subscribing to my newsletter If you are having
trouble, click here.
Contact Information
Washington,
DC
2411 Rayburn House Office Building
Washington D.C. 20515
Phone: (202) 225-4176
Facsimile: (202) 225-5828
Burbank
Office
245 E. Olive Ave., #200
Burbank, California
91502
Phone: (818) 450-2900
Phone: (323)
315-5555
Facsimile: (818) 450-2928
Update My
Profile
-
Unsubscribe
-
Privacy
Policy
gateway mail end
