
MAY
1
News from Senator Ayotte's Office
Dear Friends,
I enjoyed welcoming almost 300 Granite Staters to our nation's capital this week, including students from Hillside and Parkside Middle Schools, the Milford High School We the People team, and families from across our state. I always look forward to meeting with New Hampshire residents at home and in our nation's capital, and if you're planning a visit to Washington, I hope you'll join me for my
weekly constituent coffee
which is held each Thursday that the Senate is in session. My office can also help arrange tours of the U.S. Capitol and other historic sites, including the Library of Congress, the White House, and the Bureau of Engraving and Printing. Click
here
for more info.
This week, the Senate began debate on bipartisan legislation that would allow Congress to weigh in on any final agreement regarding Iran's nuclear weapons program. The Iran Nuclear Agreement Review Act, which I'm cosponsoring, would require the President to submit a potential agreement with Iran to Congress, give Congress an opportunity to review the agreement, and ensure Congress has a say regarding the potential elimination of sanctions it had a leading role in establishing. The legislation would also require the President to periodically certify that Iran is complying with the agreement and would require greater transparency regarding Iran's support for terrorism, human rights violations, and ballistic missile testing.
We cannot allow the world's leading state sponsor of terrorism to acquire a nuclear weapons capability. The best way to avoid such an outcome is to establish a good deal with Iran - which is far more likely if Congress exercises robust oversight of the deal on behalf of the American people. That's what this bill does, and that's why it's so critical that the Senate pass it and send it to the president. Read more in my op-ed below.
Also this week, the president signed into law the bipartisan Energy Efficiency Improvement Act of 2015, authored by Senator Shaheen and Senator Rob Portman (R-OH), that includes legislation I previously introduced with Senator Michael Bennet (D-CO) to boost the use of energy efficient technology by tenants in commercial buildings. The Bennet-Ayotte Better Buildings Act encourages tenants of commercial buildings to voluntarily implement cost-effective measures that will help reduce energy consumption and ultimately utility costs for businesses. This bill is an important step toward increasing energy efficiency across the public and private sectors. Click
here
to read more.
I also took to the Senate floor this week to honor the life and legacy of Rockingham County Sheriff Michael Downing, who recently passed away. Sheriff Downing devoted his life to service as a veteran of the Army's 82nd Airborne Division, a leader in law enforcement &amp; in the state legislature. I was proud to call him my friend, and his passing is a tremendous loss for our law enforcement community &amp; our entire state. My thoughts and prayers continue to be with his family &amp; everyone at the Rockingham County Sheriff's Office. Click here for
video
of my remarks.
Please read on for further updates from my office, and have a wonderful weekend.
Ayotte, Donnelly Reintroduce Bill to Combat Heroin and Prescription Drug Abuse Epidemics
Senators Ayotte and Joe Donnelly (D-IN) this week reintroduced bipartisan legislation that seeks to address prescription pain medication abuse and heroin use as part of their ongoing efforts to tackle the nation's growing drug abuse epidemics. Their bill, The Heroin and Prescription Opioid Abuse Prevention, Education, and Enforcement Act of 2015 takes a multi-pronged approach to help prevent opioid abuse and overdose deaths and builds on similar legislation they introduced last year. The Ayotte-Donnelly bill aims to: better enable healthcare providers and public health officials to prevent prescription drug abuse; support law enforcement efforts to get heroin off the streets; allow more first responders access to life-saving naloxone, and raise awareness among health care providers, patients, and the public regarding prescription opioid abuse and heroin.
Addiction to prescription pain medication can become a gateway to heroin use. According to a study from the Substance Abuse and Mental Health Services Administration, approximately four out of every five new heroin users previously used non-medical prescription pain medication before using heroin. More people die every day from drug overdoses than from traffic crashes, with the majority of drug overdose deaths caused by prescription opioids and heroin. According to the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention (CDC), 44 people in the U.S. die each day from an overdose of prescription pain medication. In addition, heroin-linked deaths in the U.S. increased from 5,925 to 8,257, a jump of 39 percent, between 2012 and 2013.
Ayotte said, "Communities across New Hampshire have been affected by an alarming increase in prescription opioid and heroin abuse, and I firmly believe that the only way to address this problem is to ensure that federal, state and local governments are working in conjunction with local law enforcement. This bipartisan legislation takes a multi-pronged approach to address the prescription opioid abuse and heroin crises by calling for the development of widely-recognized best prescribing practices related to pain management. The bill will also give law enforcement greater access to important tools to fight heroin use and prescription drug diversion, and calls for a well-coordinated drug awareness campaign with a particular focus on the links between prescription opioid abuse and heroin addiction. I'm pleased to once again work with Senator Donnelly on this common sense legislation, which addresses an urgent public health matter."
Read More
Nashua Telegraph
op-ed: People deserve a say on Iran deal
Click for video of Senator Ayotte's floor remarks on Iran.
People deserve a say on Iran deal
By Senator Kelly Ayotte
May 1, 2015
Our national security interests require a permanent and verifiable end to Iran's nuclear weapons program. While the framework agreement announced earlier this month is not a final deal and important details are yet to be resolved, what we have learned so far suggests there are serious reasons for concern.
That's why the bipartisan legislation being considered this week by the U.S. Senate is so important.
The framework agreement suggests the final deal would not force Iran to dismantle its nuclear infrastructure nor require Iran to address its long history of deception regarding its nuclear program - including long-standing questions about the program's military aspects. It also would not be forced to address its support for terrorism, its intercontinental ballistic missile program, nor its stated desire to wipe Israel off the map.
Iran would be allowed to continue to enrich uranium and continue the research and development activities that would allow it to sprint more quickly toward a bomb should it decide to cheat again.
Even worse, if the framework agreement is any indication, the potential deal would not include the unlimited, unannounced, and completely unfettered nuclear inspections throughout Iran that are essential to verifying whether Iran adheres to the agreement.
Read More
Senator Ayotte Questions DHS Secretary on REAL ID
At a Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs Committee hearing this week, Senator Ayotte questioned Secretary of the Department of Homeland Security (DHS) Jeh Johnson on enforcement of the REAL ID Act, a law Congress enacted in 2005 that established federal standards for the issuance of state driver's licenses to be recognized for specified federal purposes, such as boarding a commercial airplane. New Hampshire and several other states have opposed implementation of these requirements based on privacy and funding concerns, and current New Hampshire state law effectively prohibits compliance with the REAL ID Act.
In March, the entire New Hampshire delegation sent a letter to Secretary Johnson urging DHS to continue the state's extension from compliance with the federal REAL ID mandate to protect New Hampshire residents from being penalized. DHS has threatened that unless the state of New Hampshire fully complies with the federal REAL ID mandate, Granite Staters could be denied the ability to travel by commercial aircraft without additional burdensome requirements beginning as early as 2016.
Watch the Video
Ayotte, Shaheen Announce Release of Fishery Disaster Relief Funds
Senators Ayotte and Shaheen announced Thursday that the National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration (NOAA) has released $2.3 million in fishery disaster funds to New Hampshire, Rhode Island and Maine.
"Today's announcement is good news for New Hampshire's fishing industry and the entire seacoast region," said the Senators. "These long-awaited funds are so important for supporting members of the fishing community that have been struggling under onerous federal catch limits. We will continue to work with local, state and federal officials to strengthen New Hampshire's fishing industry and make sure it remains viable well into the future."
Read More
Pork Watch: Ayotte Supports Reforms to FCC's Designated Entity Program
The Federal Communications Commission (FCC) designated entity (DE) program was designed to help small businesses compete in the spectrum auctions against large corporations, allowing for a discount on the total amount bid. These spectrum auctions have been hugely successful in expanding the availability of wireless communications to the public. However, in the most recent spectrum auction, DISH Network was able to exploit weaknesses in the DE program rules.
With annual revenues exceeding $14 billion, the company applied for a massive $3 billion in small business taxpayer-funded credits.
In a February
Wall Street Journal
op-ed
with FCC Commissioner Pai, Senator Ayotte voiced concern at this blatant abuse of taxpayer dollars. As a member of the Senate Commerce Committee, Ayotte was also able to question FCC Chairman Wheeler during the Committee's March 18th FCC oversight hearing. She emphasized, and was reassured of, the FCC's intentions to enact concrete reforms to the DE program so that this exploitation cannot recur.
Following the hearing, the FCC issued a public notice that seeks comments regarding proposed changes to the DE program that would crack down on the vulnerabilities in the current rules. Comments are due on or before May 14, 2015, and Senator Ayotte looks forward to seeing the most recent proposal finalized.
The FCC must be a responsible steward of taxpayer dollars, and yielding billions in small business discounts for a telecom titan is unconscionable.
Ayotte, Warner Reintroduce Legislation to Prevent Horse Soring
Senator Ayotte received the Humane Society's Legislative Leader Award this week for her leadership on the PAST Act.
Senator Ayotte and Senator Mark Warner (D-VA) this week reintroduced legislation to protect horses from the abusive practice known as soring - in which show horse trainers apply blistering or burning agents, lacerations, sharp objects, or other substances or devices to a horse's limb to intentionally make each step painful, forcing a horse to perform an exaggerated high-stepping gait that is rewarded in show rings. Senators Ayotte and Warner originally introduced the Prevent All Soring Tactics (PAST) Act in July 2013 to prevent soring, an inhumane training practice that continues despite being prohibited under federal law. Joining Senators Ayotte and Warner as cosponsors of this legislation are Senators Richard Blumenthal (D-CT), Susan Collins (R-ME), Dianne Feinstein (D-CA), Mark Kirk (R-IL), Ed Markey (D-MA), Claire McCaskill (D-MO), Gary Peters (D-MI), Pat Toomey (R-PA) and David Vitter (R-LA).
In 2010, the Department of Agriculture (USDA) Inspector General conducted an audit of the federal Horse Protection Program, which found that show horse trainers often go to great lengths to evade federal law prohibiting soring and requiring them to train horses using humane methods. The USDA Inspector General made several recommendations, including establishing stiffer penalties and abolishing the self-policing practices currently allowed under existing regulations, in which Horse Industry Organizations are able to assign their own inspectors to monitor horse shows.
"Soring is inhumane, and this bipartisan legislation takes an important step toward stopping this abusive training tactic that intentionally inflicts pain on horses," said Ayotte. "I will continue to work across the aisle to protect horses from this cruel practice."
Read More
Photos of the Week
Congratulating Milford High School's We the People team on their National Finals award
Greeting the Laperle family from Manchester
Senator Ayotte with Mike Valenti, Erin Moul, and Brian Moul of Manchester
Speaking with members of the New Hampshire National Guard at their conference on Capitol Hill
Meeting this week with New Hampshire members of Concerned Veterans for America, including (left - right) Roger Wilkins, Matt Spencer, Robert White, state rep. Al Baldasaro, and former state senator Gary Lambert
Warm Regards,
Kelly Ayotte
United States Senator
Email Kelly
Manchester Office
1200 Elm Street, Suite 2
Manchester, NH 03101 Phone:
603-622-7979
Nashua Office
144 Main Street
Nashua, NH 03060 Phone:
603-880-3335
North Country Office 19 Pleasant Street, Suite 13B
Berlin, NH 03570 Phone:
603-752-7702 Fax:
603-752-7704
Portsmouth Office
14 Manchester Square, Ste 140
Portsmouth, NH 03801 Phone:
603-436-7161
Washington, DC
144 Russell Senate Office Building
Washington, DC 20510
Phone:
202-224-3324
Email Kelly
|
ayotte.senate.gov
|
Unsubscribe
