DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.0 Transitional//EN" "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml1/DTD/xhtml1-transitional.dtd"
If you are having trouble reading this email,
please view the web version .
House Passes Medicare Reform Package
Yesterday, the House passed a bill to reform the way doctors are paid under Medicare. For years, Congress has been passing a series of temporary patches to prevent a policy known as the Sustainable Growth Rate (SGR) from taking effect. The annual bills have become known as the Doc Fix. The legislation, which I have been working on for years, permanently replaces the SGR and also contains important reforms that can help pay for the new policy. This ends an annual lobbying bonanza and a bill that has become a vehicle for increased government spending. When I took over leadership of the Health Subcommittee four years ago, I made it my goal to stop kicking this can down the road. Im pleased to see a bipartisan bill move through the House. To view my remarks from the House floor,
CLICK HERE .
Senate Waits to Take Up Bill
The current bill to prevent the SGR cuts to doctors expires at the end of this month. Starting on April 1, doctors face a 21 percent cut to their reimbursements. The Senate unfortunately chose to leave town for the Easter Recess rather than take up the House-passed bill. The administration may have some leeway to prevent immediate cuts, but I still believe it would be best for the Senate to act before the deadline. There was overwhelming support for the bill and the President indicated that he would sign it. Its simply a matter of the Senate doing their job and considering an important bill.
Republican Budget Passes House
On Wednesday, I supported two of the budget plans up in the House. First of all, I voted for the Republican Study Committee budget, a more conservative plan that called for balancing our budget more rapidly than the plan that was approved by the committee. This plan had a lot of support from conservatives, but couldnt get a majority. Nevertheless, the House Republican Budget is a good plan. It balances the budget within ten years, it calls for repeal of Obamacare, and provides more for our nations defense. It also continues to cut waste and duplicative programs and calls for tax reform. The Senate also passed a budget this week. After the Easter Recess, we will negotiate to achieve a united plan.
Five Years of Obamacare
Five years after being signed into law, Obamacare is still hurting many Americans, making it more expensive to purchase insurance for many individuals and businesses and making it harder for many workers to get the hours that they need. There might be a real chance to give states an exit ramp from Obamacare if the Supreme Court rules the right way in the King v. Burwell case. We are working right now on legislation that could maintain insurance coverage in states with federal exchanges while freeing people to get the coverage they want, not what the government forces on them.
Op-ed of the Week: Goodbye to the SGR
Congress is infamous for putting things off. It always seem easier to do something tomorrow. Maybe the next year there will be a different President, or a different Senate, or a different House. Or maybe, one day there will be enough money to pay for everything that everybody wants. The reality is that you can always come up with a reason not to do something.
READ MORE
Facebook
Podcast
Tell Joe Your Opinion
Issues
The 16th District
Ask Joe For Help
The Government
Legislation
Press
About Joe Pitts
Photo Gallery
Please feel free to
forward this email to your friends and family .
Recent Videos
Protection from Obamacare Hacks
Rep. Pitts discusses his bill to promptly inform consumers if Obamacare exchanges are hacked.
Obamacare Hurts Local Schools
Rep. Pitts speaks in support of the bill repealing Obamacare, noting that the bill is hurting local schools.
Washington, D.C. Office
420 Cannon House Office Building
Washington, DC 20515
(1st Street and Independence Avenue)
202-225-2411
202-225-2013 (fax)
Chester County Office
Post Office Box 837
Unionville, PA 19375
(Routes 82 and 926)
610-444-4581
610-444-5750 (fax)
Lancaster Office
150 North Queen Street
Suite 716 (7th floor)
Lancaster, PA 17603
717-393-0667
717-393-0924 (fax)
Click Here Click Here