
April 15, 2015
Simplifying &amp; Reducing Your Taxes
Dear Neighbor:
Our tax code is so complex that
the former IRS Commissioner has to hire an accountant to prepare his tax returns . The current tax code, and the 20 volumes of regulations that accompany the law, includes more than 14.4 million words.
Individuals and businesses spend about 6.1 billion hours each year complying with tax-filing requirements . Whatever your situation, I think most of us can agree that taxes are too high and our tax code is too long and too confusing.
I hope you will be pleased to know that my colleagues and I on the Appropriations Committee
slashed funding for the IRS
cutting the Departments budget by $345.6 million
in the final fiscal year 2015 appropriations bill. We cut IRS funding below the 2008 level.
But I believe we need to go further than just cutting funding for the IRS. This is why I am an original cosponsor of H.R. 27, a bill to sunset the entire tax code, and H.R. 25, the
Fair Tax Act
that would replace all federal taxes on incomefrom the income tax to the highly regressive payroll tax to the estate taxwith a single national retail sales tax. Replacing our convoluted tax structure with the Fair Tax would save families from having to spend hours reading forms and gathering receipts in order to pay their taxes.
Reforming the system with one simple tax for all Americans not only makes the tax filing process simpler, but would also make the IRS obsolete. You would keep 100 percent of your income. And economic growth would take off like a rocket.
I have long supported an approach to tax reform that not only makes the tax code and the tax filing process simpler, but also keeps more money where it belongs: in your pocket. This week, the House will vote on two important bills aimed at lowering your tax rate.
H.R 1105, the
Death Tax Repeal Act of 2015 , which I am an original co-sponsor of, would permanently repeal the federal estate tax (i.e. the so-called Death Tax), and reduce the top marginal rate for the gift tax from 40 percent to 35 percent. Liberals in Washington think it is okay to take your money after you die, but House conservatives understand that a persons estate is built with income that has already been taxed.
According to The Heritage Foundation,
eliminating the death tax and related gift taxes would boost U.S. economic growth by more than $46 billion over the next 10 years and generate an average of 18,000 private-sector jobs annually .
The other bill the House will be voting on this week, which I also co-sponsored, will save Texas taxpayers from paying an extra $1.2 billion to the IRS each year. As you know, current law allows Texans and residents of six other states to deduct state and local sales taxes from their federal taxes. According to the Texas State Comptroller, nearly one in five Texas taxpayers used the provision last year. H.R. 622, the
State and Local Sales Tax Deduction Fairness Act of 2015
makes this deduction permanent and provides certainty for Texas households.
Rest assured that I will continue work with my colleagues to pass legislation that reduces our tax burden and keeps the money where it belongs
in the hands of the American people who earned it. Thank you for entrusting me with the privilege of representing you and Texas in the United States Congress.
Sincerely,
John Culberson
Tell a Friend
Forward this email
to a friend.
E-mail Updates
Yes, please periodically
send me e-mail updates.
Multimedia
To view the latest video of Congressman Culberson,
click here .
NOTE: Please DO NOT respond to this email as this inbox is unattended. To contact my office please
click here
UNSUBSCRIBE
|
PRIVACY POLICY
|
CONTACT US
Click Here Click Here