
Rick's weekly report
To sign up click
here
Friend,
Since January the House has passed more than 40 bills advancing common-sense solutions to move our country forward, help hardworking Americans and grow our economy. It has been a busy first few months in Washington, and as I always say when I come back to Georgia's 12th district, it's good to be home.
I enjoyed traveling the district over the last two weeks and speaking with many of you about the challenges facing our nation. I had the pleasure of speaking at a Kiwanis Club meeting in Vidalia about Congress' latest work in Washington and heard from the business community during visits to local plants of Chicken of the Sea and Trane Residential Systems.
( Congressman Allen and staff tour local plants in Vidalia, Ga.
Top: Chicken of the Sea | Bottom: Trane Residential Systems)
This week, I also spent time in Statesboro. It was an honor to speak at the Deen Day Smith Awards, named for Georgia humanitarian and longtime friend, Deen Day Smith Sanders. The dinner has recognized men and women in Bulloch County for their commitment to service for the past 27 years, and it was inspiring to hear the stories of so many selfless individuals dedicated to helping others and serving their communities.
(Congressman Allen delivers the keynote address at the Deen Day Smith Awards in Statesboro, Ga.
Top Left: Congressman Allen and his wife, Robin Allen, are pictured with Georgia humanitarian Deen Day Smith Sanders.)
While in Statesboro, I had the chance to tour Georgia Southern University with President Brooks Keel. As a member of the Higher Education and Workforce Training Subcommittee in the House, I appreciated hearing from our educators in higher learning about their successes and hurdles. It was also great to visit with students on campus and see their enthusiasm in the classroom.
( Congressman Allen tours Georgia Southern University with GSU President Brooks Keel.)
Other great visits during the past two weeks included Emanuel County's Law Enforcement Appreciation Luncheon in Swainsboro. It was a wonderful opportunity to show our gratitude to those who serve and sacrifice to keep our communities safe. I also had a lot of fun meeting bright students from Episcopal Day School in Augusta during their annual trip to DC. I'm always encouraged after speaking with the 12th district's young future leaders. We are in good hands.
Congressman Allen visits with students from Episcopal Day School on the steps of the National Archives in Washington, D.C.
Next week, Congress will be back in session, and I want to continue to hear from you about ways we can address important issues impacting your everyday lives. You can share your input by
ca lling or writing one of my offices ,
emailing me through my website , and reaching out through social media on
Facebook ,
Twitter , and
Instagram .
Sincerely,
Rick Allen
Member of Congress
WEBSITE
|
UNSUBSCRIBE
|
CONTACT
Click Here Click Here