
Dear Friend, Imagine a world where you can&rsquo;t get online.
A world with no access to your favorite news sites, where you can&rsquo;t check in with your friends and family on Facebook or Twitter, or where you can&rsquo;t watch your favorite shows streaming on Netflix.
It&rsquo;s nearly impossible, isn&rsquo;t it? (Especially if you&rsquo;re reading this email!)
Unfortunately, many people who live in underserved parts of the country have little to no choice when it comes to how they get online. Whether because of restrictive state regulations or an unwillingness on the part of the big telecom companies to invest in the necessary infrastructure, broadband is not a given for everyone. I aim to change that.
In rural or underserved areas across America, local municipalities ought to be able to build broadband networks that provide folks in their communities with the same levels of service and consumer choice as people in big cities. That&rsquo;s why I&rsquo;m joining with my colleagues to support the ability of local governments to develop broadband networks that will work for their needs. Support our efforts -- click here to sign our petition today.
Having access to reliable broadband isn&rsquo;t just important for the fun stuff, like watching streaming video or updating your blog. It&rsquo;s an absolute necessity for anyone who wants to compete in our global economy.
The FCC recently voted to allow some local governments to push forward with their own municipal broadband projects, and I applaud that as a move in the right direction. But 19 states currently ban or severely restrict local broadband investments. That needs to change.
The Internet has the potential to knock down barriers and promote economic growth, but it works best when all families and entrepreneurs can access broadband networks. We&rsquo;re moving forward in the Senate with a plan that would empower local communities to set up their own broadband networks. Help us get our plan over the finish line by signing our petition.
Thank you for supporting local broadband,
Ed
Paid for by The Markey Committee
Contributions or gifts to The Markey Committee are not tax deductible.
This email was sent to
dj724530@gmail.com
Click here
to unsubscribe
http://www.edmarkey.com
