
If you are having trouble viewing this
message or would like to share it on a social network, you can
view the message online .
April 24, 2015
Unsubscribe
Update My Profile
Website
|
Meet Rodney
|
11th
District
Services
|
Newsroom
|
Contact
Rodney
e-News 4/24/15
Opening the World
to New Jersey Products, Creating Jobs Here At
Home
50 billion signing bonus for
Iran?
Military Academy Career Night
Coming
Salute: The 11th Congressional
District
Salute: Boontons Doolittle
Field
Opening the World to New Jersey
Products, Creating Jobs Here At Home
The official
unemployment rate in our State of New Jersey stands at 6.5%.
But
that rate is artificially low.
We all know people who want to
work but have become frustrated in their job search and have given up
altogether.
In fact, the number of people in the workforce, the
so-called labor participation rate, is approaching record low
territory.
Of course, the key to job creation is a strong
and healthy economy.
Ninety-six percent of the worlds
customers are outside the United States.
Many businesses in New
Jersey understand this fact. Companies
of all sizes
are exploring benefits of exporting and introducing their products to
consumers outside our borders. Goods exports from New Jersey supported
165,695 jobs in 2014 - an increase of 8,345 (5.3%) from
2009.
But if we want to create
more
opportunity
and
more
high-paying jobs here at home,
we need to sell even more American-made products and services
overseas. That means tearing down barriers to American exports. It also means
laying down strong and enforceable rules for our trading partners, so
American workers are competing on a level playing field. We need to
ensure that the U.S.not countries like Chinais writing the rules of
the global economy
The House will soon consider the
Bipartisan Congressional Trade Priorities and Accountability Act (TPA)
which will help deliver the strongest possible trade agreements that
will boost American exports and benefit American workers,
manufacturers and job creators.
Trade Promotion Authorityor TPAis a
partnership between Congress and the Administration that helps secure
the most effective trade agreements possible. It has three main
components: a list of congressionally-prescribed negotiating objectives that
sets priorities for the Administration to follow; robust consultation
and transparency requirements that give Congress adequate oversight
of negotiations and give the public a full understanding of what an
agreement would mean; and a streamlined procedure to vote on a trade
agreement if the administration meets its TPA obligations.
The
rest of the world has been busy completing trade agreements and the
U.S. is losing. In the race to write the rules of the global economy,
the question is: Who is going to write the rules? Is it the U.S. and our
allies or is it in this case China? The TPA is designed to make sure
that we write the rules of the global economy that benefit American
workers and American jobs.
Read more about the Congressional
Trade Priorities and Accountability Act
here .
50 billion signing bonus for
Iran?
The State Department on Monday would not rule out giving Iran
up to $50 billion as a so-called 'signing bonus' for agreeing to a
nuclear deal later this year, according to comments made to journalists
following reports that the Obama administration had formulated a plan to
release tens of billions of frozen Iranian funds. Read the
Washington Free Beacon
story
here .
Military Academy Career Night
Coming
I will be holding my annual military
Academy Night
on Monday, May 11, 2015. It is the fifteenth
consecutive year that I have brought interested high school students,
parents, and guidance counselors together with representatives and
cadets from the U.S. Naval Academy, the U.S. Military Academy, the U.S.
Air Force Academy, the U.S. Coast Guard Academy, and the U.S. Merchant
Marine Academy.
The details: 7:00 PM, West Essex Regional
High School, 65 West Greenbrook Road, North Caldwell, NJ,
07006.
For further information on the requirements and the process for
consideration to attend one of the academies, please visit
http://frelinghuysen.house.gov/academy-nominations/
or
contact my Morristown office at
973-984-0711.
Salute: The 11 th
Congressional
District
Three New Jersey congressional districts notched top scores in a new
analysis of well-being that focuses on health, education and income in the
more than 400 districts across the country. Read how the
11 th
District ranked #2 in New Jersey and #11 nationwide
here .
Salute: Boontons Doolittle
Field
In 1929, young Army Air Corps pilot Jimmy Doolittle
made history at Boonton by taking off and landing from the Aircraft
Radio Corporation (ARC) using on radio beacon and transmitter, without
looking out of the cockpit. The pioneering research work he and the
ARC technicians conducted on that field changed aviation forever, making
it possible for pilots in virtually any conditions. Jimmy Doolittle
was awarded the Congressional Gold Medal earlier this
month.
Contact
Information
WASHINGTON, D.C.
2306 Rayburn House Office
Building
Washington, DC 20515-3011
(202) 225-5034
NEW
JERSEY
30 Schuyler Place, Second Floor
Morristown,
NJ 07960
(973) 984-0711
Update My Profile
-
Unsubscribe
-
Privacy Policy
gateway mail end
