
E-news Sign-up
Monday May 4, 2015
CONTACT STEVEN
South Mississippi Students Excel at STEM
Nicholson Elementary
Wednesday I met with students from Nicholson Elementary of Picayune who were named National Winners of the
Samsung Solve for Tomorrow competition .
Samsung started this competition to get students nationwide engaged and excited about the science, technology, engineering, and math (STEM) education program.
Out of 3,100 schools that participated in this competition, Nicholson Elementary students were chosen as one of the five overall national winners for their project,' Robotic Storm Drain Expedition .'
During their visit, two of the students, Anna Lander and Makayla Stewart, explained how their project worked to help them discover flaws and suggest changes to the city planners for improved flood water control in Picayune.
I encourage everyone to take time to view
this video
that explains the process they went through to complete their project.
I was very impressed and extremely proud of their hard work and national achievement!
Ingalls Christening of DDG113
I was honored Saturday to witness the christening of the U.S. Navy destroyer John Finn DDG113, named for the first Medal of Honor recipient of World War II.
The USS Finn is a marvel of technology and advancements. As I have often said: Gulf Coast Shipbuilders build the greatest naval vessels the world has ever seen.
I congratulate Ingalls Shipbuilding and the US Navy on another outstanding accomplishment.
Spirit of Enterprise
I was honored this week to receive the Spirit of Enterprise Award from the United States Chamber of Commerce. As a former small business owner, I know the importance of eliminating the red tape and regulations that hold our businesses back. I strive to support legislation that will promote growth and allow our industries to compete globally.
Prospering businesses lead to job creation, industry growth, and an overall healthy economyits common sense.
NASA
This week the House Science, Space, and Technology Committee approved my two-year
NASA Authorization bill
that restores balance to NASAs budget.
The bills policy provisions largely resemble that of my House-passed
NASA Authorization Act of 2015 , which passed with unanimous bipartisan support in February of this year.
Unlike the presidents budget request, this bill provides for increased funding for NASA while ensuring those increases are paid for.
Authorizing funding above what can be appropriated is a damaging act and it sets NASA up for failure.
This bill focuses NASAs efforts on developing a capability to access the International Space Station so that we can once again launch American astronauts on American rockets from American soil.
Washington, DC Visitors
This week I had a great meeting with the
George County delegation in my Washington, DC office.
I also enjoyed meeting with the Farm Credit Council of Mississippi.
It was a pleasure visiting with both current and former members of the Sigma Chi national leadership this week .
As always, if we can be of any assistance please call or visit my office. For more updates I encourage you to connect with me on
facebook ,
t witter , or by visiting my
website .
In Your Service,
Steven M. Palazzo
NOTE: Please DO NOT respond to this email as this inbox is unattended. To contact my office please
click here
UNSUBSCRIBE
|
PRIVACY POLICY
|
CONTACT US
Click Here Click Here