
If you are having trouble viewing this message or would like to share
it on a social network, you can
view the message online .
April 28, 2015
WEBSITE
ABOUT
CONTACT
ISSUES
MEDIA
CENTER
SERVICES
Congressional Art
Competition Voting is Underway
This
week, voting for the 2015 Congressional Art Competition commenced on
my
Facebook page.
We received over 70
entries from talented high school students across California's 45th
Congressional District for a chance to be selected as this year's winner - and
many of you have already participated by voting online. The top three
photos that receive the most "likes" by Friday, May 1st at 9:00AM PST
will be selected as finalists. I will personally select and announce
the first place winner at our Congressional Art Competition Reception,
this Saturday, May 2nd from 10:30AM to 12:00PM at the Palm Courts Art
Complex. The winning artist will receive two complimentary round-trip
plane tickets to attend a national reception in Washington, D.C. and
will have his or her artwork displayed in the U.S. Capitol for an
entire year. The Art Competition Reception is open to the public - and I
hope you will join us on Saturday as we honor these talented student
artists.
Milken Institute Panel on Women
in Elective Office
Yesterday,
I had the honor of participating in the Milken Institute's panel on
Women in Elective Office. I joined Laura Cox Kaplan,
Principal-in-Charge of regulatory affairs and public policy for PricewaterhouseCoopers,
Congresswoman Tulsi Gabbard (HI-02), Lauren Leader-Chivee, Co-Founder
and CEO of All in Together, and moderator Krystal Ball, Co-host of
MSNBC's "The Cycle." We discussed ways to engage women in politics across
the social, economic and minority spectrum and how we can encourage
more women to lead in every aspect of the political process.
To view the entire discussion, click
here.
Participating in the Milken Institute's panel on Women in
Elective
Office
Pictured from Left to
Right: Laura Cox Kaplan, Congresswoman Tulsi Gabbard, MSNBC Moderator
Krystal Ball, Lauren Leader-Chivee, and Congresswoman Mimi
Walters.
Meetings in Washington,
D.C.
Last
week, I was honored to receive the 60 Plus Association's Guardian of
Seniors' Rights
Award.
Meeting with Plumbing-Heating-Cooling
Contractors National Association
(PHCC).
Cyber Security
Legislation
Last week, the House passed two cyber security bills to help
protect our nation against the threat of cyber-attacks. The recent hacks of
Sony Pictures, Target, and health insurer Anthem emphasize the threat
our nation faces, and the growing need to defend Americas vital
digital networks. Our pro-privacy bills would ensure that the sharing of
cyber threats between the public and private sector is transparent and
timely
so that companies can take the necessary precautions to
prevent or mitigate cyber-attacks. Furthermore, it would put in place
safeguards to ensure that consumers personal information is protected and
not shared.
read more.
The Week
Ahead
This week, the House will consider and vote on
its first two Appropriations bills, the fiscal year 2016 Military
Construction and Veterans Affairs Appropriations bill and the fiscal year
2016 Energy and Water Appropriations bill. This marks the earliest
start to the annual appropriations process since 1974. The House will also
likely consider a final fiscal year 2016 budget agreement.
...read more.
As always, please reach out to my office with any questions,
concerns, or comments at 202-225-5611 or you can
write to me here . For daily updates, follow
me on
Facebook ,
Twitter , or
Instagram .
Warmest
Regards,
Mimi
E-mail Updates
Yes, please
periodically send me e-mail updates.*
*By subscribing to my
e-mail updates, you are authorizing me to
send regular e-mail updates from my office to your e-mail
account.
CONTACT
INFORMATION
Washington,
DC Office
236 Cannon House Office
Building
Washington, DC 20515
Phone: 202.225.5611 |
Fax: 202.225.9177
District Office
3333 Michelson Drive Suite 230
Irvine, CA 92612
Phone: 949.263.8703 | Fax: 949.263.8704
Unsubscribe
|
Update My Profile
|
Privacy Policy
gateway
mail end 