
If you are having trouble viewing this
message or would like to share it on a social network, you can
view the message online .
March 24, 2015
Update My
Profile
A MESSAGE FROM CONGRESSMAN STENY H.
HOYER
Last week, House Republicans released
their ill-conceived and unrealistic Fiscal Year 2016 budget that
disinvests in Marylands economy, cutting funding from important programs
like infrastructure and education. The House Republican budget
would repeal the Affordable Care Act, which would take away health care
coverage and patient protections from thousands of Marylanders. It
would turn Medicaid into a block grant program and also end the Medicare
guarantee as we know it, shifting costs back onto our seniors. This
budget is harmful to working families.
I continue to be ready
to work across the aisle to invest in our nations future in a
fiscally sustainable way. On Monday, Democrats unveiled their budget
alternative which protects our economy, strengthens our national security, and
continues to invest in opportunities that help grow our Maryland
families. The Democratic alternative lifts the irrational across-the-board
spending cuts, known as the sequester, and boosts our country's
investment in research and innovation.
Click
here
to view a comparison of the Republican Budget to the
Democratic alternative.
I will continue to urge my colleagues to
work together to pass a budget that will set our country and state back
on a fiscally responsible path that protects our investments that help
make the American Dream a reality for future
generations.
As always, thank you for allowing me to share this update with you, and
please continue to share your concerns and insights with me by
contacting my office or connecting with me on
Facebook ,
Twitter , or
YouTube .
With warmest regards, I
am
Sincerely yours,
Steny H.
Hoyer
Update My Profile
Unsubscribe
|
Privacy Policy
This is an official e-mail from Congressman Steny
Hoyer. You have
received this e-mail because you
subscribed to Congressman Hoyer 's
E-Newsletter,
authorizing Rep. Hoyer to send periodic updates to your
e-mail address.
We are committed to protecting
your privacy, so
your e-mail address will NEVER be
sold or exchanged. If you would like
to unsubscribe
from this newsletter, please reply to this message with
"Unsubscribe" in the subject line.
gateway mail end
