
Dear Friend,
Climate deniers in Congress want to muddy the political debate in Washington, but the science is crystal clear:
Our planet is getting warmer. And humans are to blame. Yet Republicans in Congress continue to enable the biggest polluters out there -- Big Oil and Dirty Coal -- through massive tax subsidies and corporate loopholes.
Climate change is real, and it is an urgent threat. Temperatures are rising. Sea-levels are rising. The damage from superstorms like Hurricane Sandy will only get worse. Taking action to stem the tide of climate change is one of the most pressing challenges of our times. Failure to act threatens our national security, our economy, and our public health. Today, in honor of Earth Day, I&rsquo;m joining with my colleagues and thousands of other supporters to demand that Republicans stop denying climate change and hold big polluters accountable for their actions. Add your voice to ours now.
We must take steps to heal our ailing planet for future generations. It is a moral imperative. But it&rsquo;s also the smart thing to do.
Clean energy jobs contribute to one of the fastest growing sectors of our economy. In Massachusetts, the clean energy economy employs 90,0000 workers. And the number could grow if Congress would only take steps to enact meaningful climate legislation.
I co-authored the first comprehensive climate change bill to ever pass either the House of Representatives or the Senate. And the first bill I introduced in the Senate would have created hundreds of thousands of jobs and quadrupled America&rsquo;s clean electricity production if Republicans hadn&rsquo;t stopped it.
I&rsquo;m committed to healing our sick planet while growing our economy. But I can&rsquo;t fight the climate change deniers and polluters alone.
Sign the petition and demand that Congress take action on Climate Change.
Thank you!
Ed
Paid for by The Markey Committee
Contributions or gifts to The Markey Committee are not tax deductible.
This email was sent to
dj724530@gmail.com
Click here
to unsubscribe
http://www.edmarkey.com
