
SIGN YOUR NAME:
Tell the Tea Party not to GUT Medicare &gt;&gt;
In their budget released last month, the Tea Party promised to GUT Medicare by turning it into a costly voucher system.
Now that the Senate passed a budget without the Medicare-destroying provision, Speaker Boehner and his allies are even more determined than ever to get their way. We can&rsquo;t let them win. Sign our petition to demand Congress protect Medicare:
Supporter: David Johnson
Signature:
Click to sign &gt;&gt;
SIGN YOUR NAME &rarr;
Everyone plans for their future differently, but one thing&rsquo;s certain -- everyone wants to retire with dignity. That&rsquo;s why millions of seniors count on Medicare to provide affordable health care after they&rsquo;ve retired.
But Speaker Boehner and the Tea Party are more determined than ever to turn Medicare into a voucher program that will hurt our seniors.
Cheri went to Congress to help the 1.9 million seniors in Illinois who rely on Medicare, and she won&rsquo;t let extremists pull this dirty trick.
Sign The Petition:
Stop the Tea Party from turning Medicare into a voucher program &gt;&gt;
After working hard for their entire lives, our seniors should receive the benefits they&rsquo;ve been promised. And our families deserve the peace of mind knowing that their loved ones are being cared for.
Don&rsquo;t allow extremists in Congress to gut Medicare -- sign the petition:
SIGN HERE:
http://action.cheribustos.com/Protect-Medicare
Thanks,
Team Bustos
Paid for by Friends of Cheri Bustos
This message was sent to: dj724530@gmail.com | Change or update your email address by
clicking here .
We believe that emails are a crucial way for our campaign to stay in touch with supporters like you. However, if you'd prefer to take a break from emails,
click here . If you'd just like to receive fewer emails, you can
click here .
Our campaign is powered by supporters like you. Your grassroots support is critical to helping Cheri fight back against right-wing attacks.
If you&rsquo;d still like to unsubscribe from our emails,
click here .
If you'd like to donate to our campaign, please
click here .
Thanks for having Cheri's back!
