
Official Site
Constituent Services
News
Contact
U.S. Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell&rsquo;s eNewsletter - - Week of April 27, 2015
Senator McConnell Questions EPA Administrator on War On Coal
At Congressional hearing, McConnell suggests Congress can use legislation to block job-killing EPA regulation
On Wednesday, U.S. Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell pressed Environmental Protection Agency (EPA) Administrator Gina McCarthy during a Senate Appropriations subcommittee hearing regarding the EPA&rsquo;s anti-coal regulation that would devastate Kentucky coal jobs and harm our economy.
Senator McConnell said during the hearing, &ldquo;My constituents want their dignity restored. They want to be able to work and they want to be able to provide for their families. You cannot guarantee your carbon regulations won&rsquo;t cost my constituents jobs. You cannot guarantee your carbon regulations won&rsquo;t raise their utility bills&hellip;I can assure you that as long as I am Majority Leader of the Senate, this body will not sign off on any backdoor national energy tax.&rdquo;
Click the image below to view the remarks by Senator McConnell and Administrator McCarthy.
WYMT-TV in Hazard, Kentucky reported on the hearing:
Kentucky's senior senator took aim at the head of the Environmental Protection Agency&hellip;McConnell sparred with EPA Administrator Gina McCarthy during a hearing on the agency's budget on Capitol Hill.
McConnell claims the EPA's proposed rule will lead to more layoffs in the coal industry and higher power bills&hellip;The rule is a key piece of President Obama's climate agenda&hellip;McConnell told McCarthy the rule will hurt Kentuckians, particularly those in coal mining counties in the eastern part of the state.
Click the image below to view the WYMT-TV news segment.
Kentucky&rsquo;s Ponds, Ditches are the Latest Targets of EPA
This week, Senator McConnell penned an op-ed that was printed in the
Commonwealth Journal , the newspaper in Somerset, Kentucky. In addition to the War on Coal, Senator McConnell wrote about another aspect of the EPA&rsquo;s power-grab&mdash;the proposed rule by EPA and the U.S. Army Corps of Engineers that would expand authority over waterways across the country. Senator McConnell writes:
The danger: a regulation known as &ldquo;Waters of the U.S.&rdquo; that would classify nearly all wetlands&mdash;including small ponds and ditches&mdash;as &ldquo;navigable&rdquo; waters, and thus subject to interference by Washington bureaucrats. If the regulation takes effect, it would wreak havoc on the coal, agriculture, commercial development, real estate, construction, and contracting industries statewide. It would be detrimental to traditional farming practices. And it would trample the private property rights of individual Kentuckians.
Read the Senator&rsquo;s op-ed below:
Senate Conducts Crucial Debate on Obama Administration's Interim Iran Nuke Agreement
Throughout the week, Senator McConnell spoke on the Senate Floor emphasizing the importance of the Iran Nuclear Agreement Review Act which would allow Congressional review of the Obama Administration&rsquo;s interim nuke agreement and ensure the American people are given a voice on one of the most important issues of our time.
Senator McConnell said, &ldquo;The Iran Nuclear Agreement Review Act is bipartisan legislation that will ensure Congress and the American people have a chance to review any comprehensive agreement reached with Iran; and it ensures they&rsquo;ll be able to do so before congressional sanctions are lifted.&rdquo;
Click the image below to view the Senator&rsquo;s floor remarks.
Senator McConnell Receives National Award for His Support for Mill Springs Battlefield
On Tuesday, Senator McConnell was presented the National Park Heritage Award by the National Parks Conservation Association (NPCA) in the United States Capitol. Senator McConnell was recognized by NPCA as a National Park Champion for his support of the Mill Springs Battlefield in Nancy, Kentucky. Last year, Senator McConnell, along with Congressman Hal Rogers in the House, introduced legislation requiring a study for making the Kentucky Battlefield a National Park. The legislation was included in a measure that was signed into law by the President.
&ldquo;I want to thank the National Parks Conservation Association for this recognition that I accept on behalf of my constituents,&rdquo;
Senator McConnell said.
&ldquo;The Mill Springs Battlefield Association has worked hard to preserve hundreds of acres of battlefield property and to educate the public about the history of the American Civil War and the Battle of Mill Springs, and I was honored to play a role in protecting and preserving this historic battlefield, which is important to the history of the Commonwealth and our nation.&rdquo;
NPCA President/CEO Clark Bunting (left) and Senior VP of Government Affairs Craig Obey (middle) present Senator McConnell with the National Park Heritage Award.
In the Media
This week,
The Paducah Sun
editorialized, &ldquo;Senate Makes Progress with McConnell at Helm.&rdquo; They wrote,
Sen. Mitch McConnell has in his first 100 days as Majority Leader given the country something it hasn't had in awhile - a functioning U.S. Senate&hellip;Credit is due to McConnell for the changes he has made to return the Senate to functionality&hellip;It is refreshing to see work - and a fair amount of it - getting done in the Senate early on in McConnell's tenure as Majority Leader. For the sake of the country, we wish him continued success.
Also this week, Jennifer Rubin with
The Washington Post
and CBS Face the Nation host Bob Schieffer credited Senator McConnell&rsquo;s leadership in regards to the Senate&rsquo;s return to regular order.
Click
HERE
to read Rubin&rsquo;s piece acknowledging Senator McConnell as the &ldquo;Distinguished Pol of the Week.&rdquo;
Click
HERE
to view Schieffer&rsquo;s remarks about Senator McConnell &ldquo;making good on his promise&rdquo; to return the Senate to regular order.
On Tuesday, Senator McConnell and GOP Senators hosted a media stakeout in the U.S. Capitol to speak about foreign policy and trade.
Senator McConnell Selected As Featured Voice of Kentucky Derby Media Coverage
One of our Commonwealth&rsquo;s most treasured traditions, filled with colorful pageantry, remarkable speed and stunning surprises. It&rsquo;s the first jewel in horse racing&rsquo;s Triple Crown
The 141st running of the Kentucky Derby is this Saturday, May 2, 2015.
Senator McConnell was selected by NewsRadio 840 WHAS in Louisville, Kentucky to be the featured voice of its Kentucky Derby coverage.
Each year, the station selects an accomplished Kentuckian to voice the station&rsquo;s Derby introduction. The station chose Senator McConnell because of his selection as U.S. Senate Majority Leader.
This is the station&rsquo;s 90th year of NewsRadio 840 WHAS producing the Derby. The past three years, the following recorded the Derby message: Governor Steve Beshear, Vice President/Director of University of Louisville Athletics Tom Jurich and University of Kentucky head basketball coach John Calipari.
Click
HERE
to read an article from
Roll Call , &ldquo;Many Kentucky radio listeners will hear a familiar voice at the start of coverage of the Run for the Roses.&rdquo;
Click
HERE
to listen to Senator McConnell&rsquo;s Derby message.
Welcoming Kentuckians to Washington, D.C.
On Monday, Senator McConnell congratulated the student winners from the School for the Creative and Performing Arts in Lexington, Kentucky. The students won the Grand Prize in the C-SPAN television network&rsquo;s StudentCam documentary competition. Read more about the competition
HERE .
On Tuesday, Senator McConnell welcomed to his office in the U.S. Capitol members of the Kentucky Beer Wholesalers Association.
Also on Tuesday, Senator McConnell enjoyed meeting Kentuckians with the Farm to School Network.
If you&rsquo;re planning a trip to Washington, D.C., please check out Senator McConnell's
website
and visit his office while you are in town. Every week, Senator McConnell welcomes to his office in the U.S. Capitol many Kentuckians from across the Commonwealth visiting D.C. to meet with Senator McConnell and discuss issues of importance to Kentucky. Also, the Senator&rsquo;s office has information on tours, places to visit and local restaurants to help make your trip to the nation&rsquo;s capital one to remember.
Keeping Up With Senator McConnell
Keep up with the latest news and alerts from our nation&rsquo;s capital as well as updates on things happening in Kentucky by becoming a fan of Senator McConnell&rsquo;s
Facebook
page, and get the latest news from Senator McConnell&rsquo;s Press Office on Twitter at
@McConnellPress
and on Instagram at
@McConnellPress .
For a more behind-the-scenes view of the Senate Majority Leader's office, be sure to follow
@SenateMajLdr
on Twitter and
@SenateMajLdr
on Instagram.
Get this newsletter delivered to your inbox by signing up
HERE
Official Site
|
Privacy Policy
|
Unsubscribe
