
Monday, May 4, 2015
WEBSITE
|
FORWARD TO A FRIEND
| SHARE ON:
Make sure to enable photos in your email browser!
Balancing Our Budget
For the first time since 2001, the House and Senate have come together to present a ten-year balanced budget resolution to the American people that doesn't raise taxes. This budget proposal tackles our staggering national debt, balances our budget within 10 years, strengthens our national defense, and repeals ObamaCare in full.
With our national debt surpassing $18 trillion, this budget is a step in the right direction. It is time to focus on the American people's priorities and ensure a better, stronger America for the future.
Read more about the 2016 budget proposal here.
The Digital Battleground
Protecting America's cyber networks from digital attacks
Have a bill or letter you would like me to support?
Let me know here.
More Ways to Connect
Facebook
Twitter
YouTube
In the 21st Century, attacks from nations like China and Russia and unsavory actors like ISIS have gone digital. Those who seek to harm U.S. interests are using increasingly sophisticated cyber attacks, compromising internet accounts and networks to steal our personal information and shut down our national infrastructure and commerce.
Cyber and security experts agree: as new threats and hacks continue to emerge, sharing cyber data and possible threats is one of our best tools against cyber criminals.
Last week, the House of Representatives passed two important pieces of legislation to address cyber risks, the
National Cybersecurity Protection Advancement Act
and the
Protecting Cyber Networks Act .
Highlights of this legislation include:
Voluntary Participation:
Nothing in this legislation requires a company or individual to share cyber information, threat indicators, or defensive measures with the government.
Restricted Information Sharing:
This legislation restricts sharing to information that is only directly related to cyber attacks and network defensive measures.
Privacy Protections:
Strengthened privacy protections require multiple layers to scrub all personal identifiable information, both from companies sharing information and from the government for any cyber information it receives.
Strong Oversight:
Strong congressional and public oversight includes biennial reports from the Privacy and Civil Liberties Oversight Board on legislative impacts and the Inspectors General on federal activities.
Honoring SSG Matt Maupin
Ohio knows the story of SSG Matt Maupin's sacrifice, and it should not be forgotten. On April 21, I was honored to join Matt's dad, Keith Maupin, at the Pentagon for a special ceremony to dedicate one of the building's corridors to the U.S. Army Reserve.
A special display in this corridor shares Matt's story, and it will be remembered throughout the Pentagon and our nation in perpetuity.
Welcoming Keith Maupin at the Pentagon
Permanent display honoring SSG Matt Maupin
Maintaining a Strong National Defense
The National Defense Authorization Act of 2016
After 18 hours of continuous debate, the House Armed Services Committee passed the National Defense Authorization Act early Thursday morning with my support. Following votes on dozens of amendments, the legislation passed out of committee with a bipartisan vote of 60 to 2 and will be on the House floor in May. This legislation outlines and authorizes our military's activity for 2016.
You can read more about the legislation here.
Ramp It Up for Veterans
Last week, I had the honor of working with team members from UPS and People Working Cooperatively to build a wheelchair ramp for a local Korean War veteran, Richard, and his wife, Helen. This project was part of UPS' "Ramp It Up For Veterans" initiative, one of the ways UPS is supporting veterans and veteran service organizations.
Our team working to build a handicap-accessible ramp for local Korean War veteran, Richard.
Moving Forward at the Piketon Plant
The Energy and Water Appropriations Act for FY 2016, which contains funding for ongoing projects at the Piketon facility, passed the House Friday with overwhelming bipartisan support. The House legislation significantly increases funding levels from the President's initial budget request for cleanup operations, passing totals of $213 million for the Decontamination and Decommissioning cleanup project and $100 million for the American Centrifuge Project.
I am glad the needs of Southern Ohio have been heard, and I look forward to seeing this project through to completion.
NOTE: Please DO NOT respond to this email as this inbox is unattended. To contact my office please
click here
Connect:
WASHINGTON, D.C. OFFICE
1318 Longworth H.O.B.
Washington, DC 20515
P:
(202) 225-3164
F:
(202) 225-1992
HAMILTON COUNTY OFFICE
7954 Beechmont Ave, Suite 200
Cincinnati, OH 45255
P:
(513) 474-7777
F:
(513) 605-1377
PEEBLES OFFICE
170 North Main St.
Peebles, OH 45660
P:
(513) 605-1380
F:
(937) 798-4024
UNION TOWNSHIP OFFICE
4350 Aicholtz Rd.
Cincinnati, OH 45245
P:
(513) 605-1389
UNSUBSCRIBE
|
PRIVACY POLICY
|
CONTACT US
Click Here Click Here