
Babin Bulletin | April 21, 2015
Click here
if you have trouble viewing this email
CONSTITUENT SURVEY:
Should the Federal Debt Limit be Increased?
The United States reached its authorized borrowing limit of $18 trillion on March 15, 2015. Since that time, the federal government has been engaged in creative accounting to avoid hitting the debt limit. However, the ability to do so will soon be exhausted and the Administration has requested an increase in the debt limit. I oppose giving Washington a blank check and want to know if you agree with me.
Should the Federal Debt Limit be Increased?
(_)
Yes
(_)
No
* Click here to take our survey
Babin Votes to Cut Billions in Taxes for Texas Taxpayers
I recently voted for House-passage of two very important bills that cut taxes and provide certainty for Texas taxpayers, the State and Local Sales Tax Deduction Fairness Act (H.R. 622) and the Death Tax Repeal Act (H.R. 1105).
Hardworking Texas taxpayers should not be punished for living in a tax-friendly state like Texas. Permanently restoring the sales tax deduction will create a level-playing field for Texas taxpayers and save Texans roughly a billion dollars a year.
I am proud to support this legislation, as well as a bipartisan bill to fully repeal the estate tax, which is an unfair tax that penalizes Texas farmers and ranchers who want to hand down their small business to the next generation.
These two bipartisan bills provide critical tax relief to Texas taxpayers and ensure their hard-earned dollars stay in our communities rather than in Washingtons coffers.
Babin Tells EPA This is a Tire Rut, not a "Navigable River"
Last week in the House Transportation and Infrastructure Committee we passed an important piece of legislation, the Regulatory Integrity Protection Act (H.R. 1732) - which halts the Environmental Protection Agency (EPA)'s brazen attempt to drastically expand its regulatory authority to include ditches and farmland ponds. While it is no secret that Washington is out of touch with our values, anyone in doubt only needs to consider that bureaucrats in Washington think a tire rut in a field (as pictured) is a navigable river and subject to EPA regulations.
Ending IRS Abuse
Last Wednesday marked Tax Day, bringing us another painful reminder of our broken federal tax code which is being enforced at the heavy and many times unfair hands of the Internal Revenue Service (IRS). I spoke on the House floor in support of a series of House-passed bills aimed at protecting hardworking taxpayers and holding IRS agency officials accountable. To watch,
click here .
I also wrote an editorial in The Orange Leader about the desperate need to simplify our tax code and rein in the IRS. The American people deserve an enforcement agency that is effective, transparent, and accountable. Unfortunately, that does not describe todays IRS. Instead, we see an out-of-control agency that has grown too large, too powerful, too aggressive, and too involved in the everyday lives of the American people. To read more about this critical topic, please
click here .
Snap-Shots from the Week
Congressman Babin discusses small business issues with Stan Floyd, owner of American Airboats in Orange, Texas.
Congressman Babin meets with the Mayor of Seabrook, Glenn Royal, to discuss issues facing the local community.
Congressman Babin welcomes constituents Jerrie Bickford and Darlene Townsend of Livingston, Texas, to his office before they head out on their U.S. Capitol tour.
Forward to a Friend
|
Share on Facebook
|
Share on Twitter
UPDATE SUBSCRIPTION OPTIONS
|
PRIVACY POLICY
|
CONTACT US
Click Here Click Here