
Dear Friend,
Thank you for signing up to receive my email newsletter. These
newsletters will cover a variety of topics, including events happening
in Indiana, legislation being considered in Congress, and my
perspective on current issues. My hope is to keep you updated and
informed on how issues in Washington may impact Hoosiers. I welcome
your feedback.
Thanks for reading,
Dan Coats
_____
Job Fair for Hoosier Veterans
On Wednesday, the ninth annual "Operation Hire a Hoosier Veteran" job
fair will take place at the Indiana State Fairgrounds. This event will
provide Indiana servicemembers, veterans and spouses with the
opportunity to connect with nearly 200 employers. Last year's event
resulted in at least one job offer for 25% of participants.
All service members, veterans, spouses and family members are welcome
to attend the "Operation Hire a Hoosier Veteran" Job Fair. Attendees
are asked to pre-register for this free event at http://ohhv.org
Details are below:
Date: April 15, 2015
Time: 10 a.m. - 3 p.m. ET
Location: Indiana State Fairgrounds, 1202 E. 38th Street, Indianapolis
Admission: Free
_____
Update on Iran Negotiations
The recently announced framework of political understanding between
Iran and a group of six world powers, including the United States, is
intended to reassure Americans that negotiations regarding Iran's
nuclear capabilities are on track.
Although this agreement contains a number of details that have been
obscured until now, its broad parameters are not a surprise and
continue to alarm. Most importantly, Iran will be allowed to retain a
robust industrial-capacity ability to enrich uranium, the core of
nuclear weapons. Also, the most important constraints on Iran's nuclear
enterprise imposed by a future agreement will expire in ten years.
These are fatal flaws.
Another issue of concern is the problem of verification. Iran is a
dangerous and irresponsible regime that cannot be believed or trusted.
It is hard to take at face value the Obama Administration's assurances
that Iranian compliance can be effectively verified. I have seen this
all before when we were told our agreements with North Korea could be
verified and would lead to a safer world. We were misled by that
illusion, and I fear we are making the same mistake in negotiating with
another rogue regime.
I welcome President Obama's assurances that he will consult soon with
Congress. But we must move beyond consultations. Congress must have a
direct role in reviewing and voting on any future agreement with Iran.
This is an essential requirement for any lasting solution.
Coats in the News
Coats:
Veterans Job Fair Will Feature Nearly 200 Employers
Fallen Officer Rod Bradway to receive congressional honor
Only Pro-Growth Policies Can Save U.S. From Obamanomics
Hoosier State rail can continue under state, fed agreement
Indiana Sen. Coats expresses concern over Iranian nuclear agreement
_____
Stay Connected
_____
Coats with Hoosiers
I enjoyed meeting members of the Indiana Farm Bureau last week.
I recently visited Albanese Confectionary in Merriville and enjoyed a
tour of their facility.
_____
To unsubscribe please
Click Here
Contact Me
Latest News
A message
from Senator Dan Coats
Dear
Friend,
Thank you for signing up to receive my email
newsletter. These newsletters will cover a variety of topics,
including
events happening in Indiana, legislation being
considered
in Congress, and my perspective on current issues.
My
hope is to keep you updated and informed on how issues in Washington may impact Hoosiers. I welcome your
feedback.
Thanks for reading,
Dan Coats
Job Fair for Hoosier Veterans
On Wednesday,
the ninth annual &#8220;Operation Hire a Hoosier Veteran&#8221; job fair will take place at the Indiana
State Fairgrounds. This event will provide Indiana servicemembers, veterans and spouses with the opportunity
to connect with nearly 200 employers. Last year&#8217;s event resulted in at least one job offer for
25% of participants.
All service members, veterans, spouses and family members are welcome to attend the &#8220;Operation
Hire a Hoosier Veteran&#8221; Job Fair. Attendees are asked to pre-register for this free event at
http://ohhv.org .
Details are below:
Date: April 15, 2015 Time: 10 a.m. &#8211; 3 p.m. ET Location:
Indiana State Fairgrounds, 1202 E. 38th Street, Indianapolis Admission: Free
Update
on Iran Negotiations
The recently announced framework of political understanding between Iran and a group of six world
powers, including the United States, is intended to reassure Americans that negotiations regarding Iran&#8217;s
nuclear capabilities are on track.
Although this agreement contains a number of details that have been obscured until now, its broad
parameters are not a surprise and continue to alarm. Most importantly, Iran will be allowed to retain
a robust industrial-capacity ability to enrich uranium, the core of nuclear weapons. Also, the most important
constraints on Iran&#8217;s nuclear enterprise imposed by a future agreement will expire in ten years.
These are fatal flaws.
Another issue of concern is the problem of verification. Iran is a dangerous and irresponsible regime
that cannot be believed or trusted. It is hard to take at face value the Obama Administration&#8217;s
assurances that Iranian compliance can be effectively verified. I have seen this all before when we were
told our agreements with North Korea could be verified and would lead to a safer world. We were misled
by that illusion, and I fear we are making the same mistake in negotiating with another rogue regime.
I welcome President Obama&#8217;s assurances that he will consult soon with Congress. But we must
move beyond consultations. Congress must have a direct role in reviewing and voting on any future agreement
with Iran. This is an essential requirement for any lasting solution.
Coats
in the News
Coats:
Veterans Job Fair Will Feature Nearly 200 Employers
Fallen
Officer Rod Bradway to receive congressional honor
Only
Pro-Growth Policies Can Save U.S. From Obamanomics
Hoosier
State rail can continue under state, fed agreement
Indiana
Sen. Coats expresses concern over Iranian nuclear agreement
Stay
Connected
Coats with Hoosiers
I
enjoyed meeting members of the Indiana Farm Bureau last week.
I
recently visited Albanese Confectionary in Merriville and enjoyed a tour of their facility.
To
unsubscribe please
Click
Here
Contact
Me Latest
News
