
If you are having trouble viewing this
message or would like to share it on a social network, you can
view the message online .
Website
News Center
Constituent Services
Issues
About the District
About Me
Contact
Us
April 17, 2015
Rep. Lipinski Calls for
the Defeat of Fast-Track Bill
Which Gives Away Congressional
Power on International Trade Agreements
Following
yesterdays release of a bill to grant the president Trade Promotion
Authority (TPA)
also known as fast-track
Congressman Dan Lipinski (IL-3)
announced that he strongly opposes the legislation because it would
give away Congress constitutional authority on trade, increasing the
likelihood of another trade agreement that destroys American jobs.
The TPA bill would let the president sign and enter into a trade deal
before Congress approves its contents and then force Congress to vote
within 90 days on a done deal with all amendments forbidden.
Voting, including in the Senate, would be by a simple
majority.
"Right now, the President is negotiating the
Trans-Pacific Partnership (TPP) with 11 major countries that comprise 40%
of the United States goods trade," said Rep. Lipinski.
"We
cannot afford another bad trade agreement that only benefits large
corporations while destroying American jobs.
By negotiating in secret
and limiting Congress to a simple yes-or-no vote on an agreement, it
makes it more likely that the American people get a bad deal.
The
Administration says that the Korea-U.S. Free Trade Agreement is the
basis for the TPP, and instead of the 'more exports, more jobs' we were
promised with that agreement, our trade deficit with Korea has
ballooned more than 80
percent.
For more about why this bill is bad
for America, click
here .
Lipinski Announces $3
Million Grant
to Improve Metra Rail Lines Serving
Southwest and
South Areas of Region
Congressman Dan Lipinski
(IL-3), Congressman Mike Quigley (IL-5), and Senator Dick Durbin joined
with officials from the Illinois Department of Transportation (IDOT),
Metra, Amtrak, the Environmental Protection Agency, and the City of
Chicago last Friday to announce a $3 million grant for IDOT to develop a
comprehensive plan to ease congestion and improve the efficiency of
passenger rail service on the southwest and south sides of the city and
suburbs.
It will reduce congestion and delays, boost economic
growth, and improve the overall quality of life for residents.
The
plan will also complement ongoing rehabilitation efforts at Chicago
Union Station for Amtrak and Metra riders.
"As the chief proponent of the CREATE program,
which is working to alleviate rail congestion in northeastern Illinois, I
fought in 2013 alongside Congressman Quigley to get unspent federal
funds reprogrammed for rail safety and improvement projects," said Rep.
Lipinski.
"So Im proud to announce that some of those funds
are coming to our region to develop a plan to ease congestion on our
rail lines that lead from the southwest and south into Union Station,
benefitting passengers riding these Metra and Amtrak lines, businesses
and shippers using these lines, and everyone on the Southwest and South
sides of the city and suburbs impacted by rail.
This is great
news for the area, especially passengers riding the BNSF, Heritage
Corridor, Southwest Service, and Rock Island Metra lines in my
district.
"The comprehensive plan made possible
by this grant will bring in all the stakeholders to build on the
benefits we've put in place already with the CREATE program," continued
Lipinski. "It will help northeastern Illinois better plan its
investments, increase the quality of life of residents, and move people and
goods on time while increasing the attractiveness of Chicago Union Station
as an economic hub in the
region."
Rep. Lipinski
Announces $200 Million Award
to Argonne National Laboratory
for
Next Generation Supercomputing Technologies
Congressman Dan Lipinski (IL-3) joined with Rep. Randy Hultgren (IL-14),
Rep. Bill Foster (IL-11), U.S. Department of Energy (DOE) Under
Secretary for Science and Energy Lynn Orr, and Argonne National Laboratory
Director Peter Littlewood last week to announce that Argonne is
receiving $200 million to increase its supercomputing capacity.
This
investment will help advance U.S. leadership in scientific research,
maintain the nations position at the forefront of next-generation
computing, and ensure Americas economic and national security.
Rep.
Lipinski helped write the 2010 America COMPETES Act that increased
investments in computing and other innovation programs.
"Supercomputers like MIRA at Argonne have traditionally
been a strength of the U.S. investment in research, but today that lead
is being challenged by other countries," said Rep. Lipinski.
"This reward for Argonne is critical to our nations ongoing efforts to
maintain our lead. I thank the DOE and Argonne Director Littlewood
for their leadership and vision in keeping the United States at the
forefront of this
highly competitive field.
As a member
of the House Science, Space, and Technology Committee, the Ranking
Member of the Subcommittee on Research, and a member of the Subcommittee
on Energy, fighting for increased investments for high performance
computing and other critical areas of science is going to continue to be
at the top of my priority
list."
For more information, check out
this story
in the
Chicago Tribune .
Rep. Lipinski Helps Lead
Push
on Funding for Public Transportation
At Union Station in Chicago last week, Congressman Dan
Lipinski (IL-3) joined representatives from the Regional Transportation
Authority (RTA), the Chicago Transit Authority (CTA), Metra, Pace, Amtrak,
and other members of the Illinois congressional delegation to push
Congress to pass a long-term bill to fund local and national
transportation needs, especially public transportation.
The event is one of
many Stand Up 4 Transportation activities that took place across
the country.
"Simply put, we cannot
continue to kick the can down the road on a highway and transit funding
bill," stated Rep. Dan Lipinski (IL-3).
"As the most senior member
from Illinois on the House Transportation and Infrastructure
Committee, and representing a district that is crisscrossed by every mode of
private and public transportation, I understand the need to pass a
comprehensive long-term bill instead of searching under the federal couch
cushions for money every few months to avoid a funding crisis.
In the last six years, there have been eleven short-term
extensions.
We need a fix, not a
band-aid."
For the whole story, click
here .
Washington, D.C. Office
2346
Rayburn H.O.B.
Washington, DC 20515
P (202) 225 - 5701 |
P (866)
822 - 5701
F (202) 225 - 1012
Chicago Office
6245 South Archer Avenue
Chicago, IL 60638
P (312) 886 - 0481
F (773) 767 - 9395
Oak Lawn Office
5309 West 95th Street
Oak Lawn, IL 60453
P (708) 424 - 0853
F (708) 424 - 1855
Lockport Office
Central Square Building
222 E. 9th Street #109
Lockport, IL 60441
P (815) 838-1990
F (815)
838-1993
Orland Park Office
Orland Park Village Hall
14700 S. Ravinia Avenue
Orland
Park, IL 60462
P (708) 403-4379
F (708)
403-5963
Unsubscribe
|
Update My Profile
|
Privacy Policy
