
If you are having trouble viewing this message or
would like to share it on a social network, you can
view the message online .
Home
About Deb
Constituent Services
News Room
Priorities
Contact Deb
May 01, 2015
Dear Friends,
This month, I enjoyed
spending two weeks traveling Nebraska. Throughout my time in the
state, I visited with many Nebraskans, from third graders to veterans and
entrepreneurs. I believe the most important part of my job is to
listen. Its your voice, your ideas, and your suggestions that help guide my
work for all Nebraskans in the U.S. Senate.
I am pleased
to see that for the first time in many years, Congress is making
bipartisan progress in a number of different policy areas. This month the
Senate successfully passed legislation to implement long-term reforms to
the Medicare payments and doctors, as well as a bill to help end the
scourge of human trafficking. Im also proud to report that the Senate
is moving forward with Trade Promotion Authority legislation. Opening
our markets to consumers across the globe is important to our economy
and Nebraska families who rely on the flow of goods across our nation
and around the world.
These successes are merely the
beginning of a long fight for Nebraskans and a more secure and prosperous
tomorrow. I welcome your help and guidance so that together we can
continue to find meaningful solutions to strengthen our families and our
communities.
Scroll down for more news out of my office this
month, including photos from my visits in Nebraska and my work in the
U.S. Senate.
VISITING LINCOLN START-UPS
Earlier this month, I was excited to visit with
a number of young entrepreneurs and start-up businesses in Lincoln.
The Nebraskans I met with and the inspired work I witnessed was truly
impressive. Many of these founders were born in Nebraska and wanted to
stay here. Instead of moving across the country to do what they love,
they set up shop in Lincoln. I visited many companies, including
Powderhook ,
Bulu Box ,
opendorse ,
Archrival , and
Nobl .
Seeing firsthand the creative work from so
many young Nebraskans shows how our state is leading the way in future
technology. Their commitment to the Lincoln community and our states
economy will result in meaningful and positive benefits for our future.
They prove that theres no need to leave the Good Life in search of
exciting, meaningful, and globally-accessible opportunities. We have
them right here at home.
For more information on the start-up
businesses and people I met in Lincoln,
click
here.
E-mail
Updates
Yes, please periodically send me e-mail
updates.*
*By subscribing to my
e-mail
updates, you are authorizing me to send regular e-mail updates from my
office to your e-mail account.
FIGHTING FOR YOU ON THE ISSUES THAT
MATTER
Protecting Nebraskas Water
Resources from Federal Takeover
This week, I was proud
to join my colleagues to introduce bipartisan legislation that would
that would prevent the proposed Waters of the United States (WOTUS) rule
from taking effect. Through its unprecedented proposal, the federal
government is seeking to extend control over our states water. This
will have far-reaching consequences and hurt Nebraska families, growth,
jobs, and our economy. The legislation, known as
S. 1140
The Federal Water Quality Protection
Act , would direct the Obama administration to issue a
revised proposal that would set clear limits on federal regulation of water,
require consultation with states and impacted stakeholders, and
ensure that a thorough economic analysis is
conducted.
Eliminating Government Waste
Also this month, I joined
Senator Joe Manchin from West Virginia to
reintroduce
common-sense legislation that removes waste while saving taxpayer
dollars. Our bill,
S. 1115
The Grants Oversight and New
Efficiency (GONE) Act ,
would require agencies to close
out expired, empty grant accounts. It would also require federal
agencies to identify exactly why those accounts were never closed in the
first place. Weve started by targeting zero-balance grant accounts where
enormous charges are being accrued to maintain empty space. American
taxpayers deserve to know where their money is being spent
and when
it is not, our focus must shift to alleviating our debts and
preventing further waste.
Small Business Legislation
Advances
Small businesses help drive Nebraskas
economy.
In that spirit, I was pleased to see three bills I cosponsored
successfully pass out of the Senate Small Business Committee this month.
This legislation providesincentives for Nebraska small businesses to
grow and create jobs. Each of these bills, known as
The
Veterans Entrepreneurship Act ,
The CLEAR
Act , and
The CREED Act , are
commonsense measures that will reduce burdensome regulations on small
businesses so that they can thrive. Click
here
for more
information about this legislation.
IN CASE YOU MISSED IT
FISCHER IN THE
NEWS
Fischer concerned
about Iran nuclear threat
Grand Island
Independent
U.S. Sen. Deb Fischer of Nebraska said theres
definitely one thing that keeps her awake. Its Iran that keeps me up at
night, Fischer told a 60-member audience Wednesday at the Aurora Area
Chamber and Development office. She serves on the Senates Armed Services
Committee and is chairwoman of the Subcommittee on Emerging Threats
and Capabilities, which deals a lot with cybersecurity and
counterterrorism. We live in a very dangerous world, she told the Aurora area
constituents.
Sen. Fischer visits
Aurora
Aurora News Register
Sen. Deb
Fischer shared thoughts from Washington with a crowd of 60 in Aurora
Wednesday, offering insight on a number of topics including a subject
which she admits often keeps her up at night -- Iran's pursuit of
nuclear arms.
Making progress in the
first 100 days
Fischer Op-ed-Lincoln Journal
Star
Today marks 100 days since the beginning of the 114th
Congress. Three years ago, I commented in this paper about my first 100
days as your U.S. senator. Now, as your senior U.S. senator, I wanted to
take the time to share with you my work on your behalf.
Fischer on Passage of Senate
Budget
1011 News
Senator Deb Fischer says the proposed
budget wouldn't raise taxes... and would keep national defense a
priority. The senator says the senate appropriations committee will decide
which spending bills make it to the full senate for debate and
amendments.
Fischer: Congress sputtering
back to life
Editorial
Kearney
Hub
So far this year, Americans give Congress a 16-percent approval
rating, but if lawmakers continue making progress as they have during the
first several months, it may be time to rethink the rating. Nebraskas
senior U.S. Sen. Deb Fischer reported this week that the Senate has
become a more productive lawmaking body. In fact, 94 votes on
amendments have been taken so far this year, compared with only 15 in all of
last year. The legislative process in the Senate is now
working.
Nebraska lawmakers drop political
football for football with Mike Riley
Omaha
World-Herald
Husker football coach Mike Riley told a group of
Nebraskans on Wednesday that hes energized to be molding a new football
team and impressed with the warm welcome hes receivedSen. Deb Fischer,
R-Neb., pulled out her smartphone. I want a selfie, she said. If I
can figure out how to do it. She snapped a blurry pic with the
coach. Instagram, she said.
Senate
Democrats, Republicans Have Different Equal Pay
Bills
Gray TV
On the other side of the aisle, Sen. Deb
Fischer, R-Nebraska, offered up an amendment to address to pay gap as well.
But she says this one enforces the current law and doesnt get rid of
merit pay. I think merit pay offers women the flexibility, but also
the opportunities to be recognized and paid more for the good jobs
that they do," Sen. Fischer said. Sen. Fisher doesnt support Sen.
Mikulskis bill because she said it removes any caps on liability for
companies. Thats a trail attorneys dream to be able to have no caps on a
lawsuit," Sen. Fischer said.
World-Herald editorial: These victims deserve
help
Editorial
Omaha World-Herald
As Fischer rightly stated in
her Senate remarks, sexual slavery is affecting millions of people
around the world. ... We cannot turn a blind eye.
Fischer joins colleagues to introduce bipartisan WOTUS
bill
Grand Island Independent
U.S.
Sen. Deb Fischer, R-Neb., joined a bipartisan group of her colleagues
on Thursday to introduce a new bill that would prevent a joint rule
from the Army Corps of Engineers and the Environmental Protection Agency,
known as the Waters of the United States (WOTUS), from taking
effect.
Iran tops list of threats, Sen.
Deb Fischer says in UNL speech
Omaha
World-Herald
Without a doubt, I believe the greatest threat to our
country is a nuclear-armed Iran, she said.We have to know what the
goal is with foreign policy. We have to know what the end game is, she
said. Theres limited resources that the United States has. We need to
target our policy, and be sure in our policy and be resolute in the
policies that we have, and I think thats the most important thing, to
be able to not just have the administration set those policies but
then have the American people understand them.
PHOTOS OF THE
MONTH
It was wonderful visiting with
third grade students at St. Vincent de Paul School in Omaha earlier
this month.
Kicking off a Listening Session in
Aurora on April 1st.
Welcoming President Sherri
Harnisch and her family, along with other members of Down Syndrome Alliance
Midlands, to Washington, DC.
With Nebraska
students participating in Close Up, a program that gives students an inside
look at government. Many of them, like me, are Lincoln Southeast
Knights!
I was glad to visit with these
outstanding students from Tekamah-Herman High School in the Russell
Senate Rotunda. They are also participating in the Close UP DC
program.
Enjoyed a productive meeting with
representatives from the Columbus Chamber, where we discussed important issues
facing their business community.
Congratulations to Amanda Pohlman of La Vista, the Nebraska Poetry Out Loud
Champion for the second year in a row. It was great to see Amanda and
her dad at the Nebraska Breakfast in Washington this
week!
Washington D.C. Office
383 Russell Senate Office
Building
Washington, DC 20510
Phone: (202) 2246551
Fax:
(202) 2281325
Lincoln Office
440 North 8th Street
Suite 120
Lincoln, Nebraska 68508
Phone: (402) 4414600
Fax: (402)
4768753
Omaha Office
11819 Miracle
Hills Drive
Suite 205
Omaha, Nebraska 68154
Phone:
(402) 3913411
Fax: (402) 3914725
Scottsbluff
1110 Circle
Drive
Suite F2
Scottsbluff, NE 69361
Phone: (308)
630-2329
Fax: (308) 630-2321
Kearney Office 20 West 23rd Street
Kearney, NE 68847
Phone: (308) 234-2361
Fax: (308)
234-3684
Please do not
reply to this email. Responses sent to this email address will not be
received by a staff member of Senator Fischer.
If you wish to contact
Senator Fischers office, please use the online form on her website
by clicking
HERE
Unsubscribe
|
Update My Profile
|
Privacy Policy
