
Sunday, April 26, 2015
WEBSITE
|
FORWARD TO A FRIEND
| SHARE ON:
The Digital Battleground
In the 21st Century, attacks from nations like China and Russia and unsavory actors like ISIS have gone digital. Those who seek to harm U.S. interests are using increasingly sophisticated cyber attacks, compromising internet accounts and networks to steal our personal information and shut down our national commerce. These events not only cause disruptions online, but seek to disable our national infrastructure and commerce.
In 2014, these attacks targeted consumers, private companies, national infrastructure, the military and Pentagon, and sensitive government information:
Target:
"The major hack of discount retailer Target that stole credit and debit card data from 40 million accounts was still reverberating several days later.
Target acknowledged the hack on Thursday -- three weeks after customer data was first scooped up on Black Friday." ( CNN )
The White House:
"Russian hackers behind the damaging cyber intrusion of the State Department in recent months used that perch to penetrate sensitive parts of the White House computer system." ( CNN )
Anthem : "One of the nations largest health insurers said that the personal information of tens of millions of its customers and employees, including its chief executive, was the subject of a very sophisticated external cyberattack. The company added that
hackers were able to breach a database that contained as many as 80 million records of current and former customers , as well as employees. The information accessed included names, Social Security numbers, birthdays, addresses, email and employment information, including income data." ( New York Times )
Chase Bank:
"In August, the networks of several banks, most prominently J.P. Morgan Chase, were infiltrated by a network of hackers who accessed checking and savings account information. The attack went unnoticed for two months over the summer. J.P. Morgan estimated that
76 million households and 7 million small businesses accounts were affected by the attack ." ( Newsweek )
29 listed attacks over the course of 2014
( Heritage Foundation )
Cyber and security experts agree : as new threats and hacks continue to emerge, sharing malicious code and data is one of our best tool against cyber criminals.
As the Heritage Foundation explains :
"Information sharing is a basic way to improve cybersecurity by enabling companies and the government to share information on current cyber threats and vulnerabilities. With more information sharing, both the government and the private sector can be better prepared to stop or mitigate cyber risks."
This week, the House of Representatives passed two important pieces of legislation to address these cyber risks,
The National Cybersecurity Protection Advancement Act
and
The Protecting Cyber Networks Act.
Voluntary:
Nothing in this legislation requires a company or individual to share cyber information, threat indicators, or defensive measures with the government.
Restricted Information Sharing:
Restricts sharing to information that is only directly related to cyber attacks and network defensive measures.
Privacy Protections:
Strengthened privacy protections require multiple layers to scrub any personal identifiable information, both from any company sharing information and from the government for any cyber information it receives.
Strong Oversight:
Strong congressional and public oversight includes biennial reports from the Privacy and Civil Liberties Oversight Board on legislative impacts and the Inspectors General on federal activities.
These bills passed the House of Representatives with overwhelming majorities and bipartisan support. Notably, the bills include stronger and more numerous privacy protections compared to previous versions of cybersecurity legislation in years past. As technology expands in the Information Age, we must continue to protect our timeless civil liberties while simultaneously ensuring that our e-commerce, cloud computing, and networked infrastructure remain free and secure.
NOTE: Please DO NOT respond to this email as this inbox is unattended. To contact my office please
click here
Connect:
WASHINGTON, D.C. OFFICE
1318 Longworth H.O.B.
Washington, DC 20515
P:
(202) 225-3164
F:
(202) 225-1992
HAMILTON COUNTY OFFICE
7954 Beechmont Ave, Suite 200
Cincinnati, OH 45255
P:
(513) 474-7777
F:
(513) 605-1377
PEEBLES OFFICE
170 North Main St.
Peebles, OH 45660
P:
(513) 605-1380
F:
(937) 798-4024
UNION TOWNSHIP OFFICE
4350 Aicholtz Rd.
Cincinnati, OH 45245
P:
(513) 605-1389
UNSUBSCRIBE
|
PRIVACY POLICY
|
CONTACT US
Click Here Click Here