
If
you are having trouble viewing this message or would like to share it
on a social network, you can
view the message online .
Home
About
Deb
Constituent
Services
News Room
Priorities
Contact Deb
April 01, 2015
Dear Friends,
Its been a very
productive month and Im excited to report on the progress weve made in
the Senate. To begin, Im thrilled to announce that the Senate
unanimously passed my bill to create a commemorative coin in honor of the
100th anniversary of Boys Town. We were also able to pass a bipartisan
resolution that I introduced on the Internet of Things. This
forward-thinking initiative would promote tech innovation and greater economic
growth. Its exciting to see real things getting done as we continue to
work toward meaningful, positive change.
Just last week, we ended the month on a high note with the Senates
passage of a fiscally responsible balanced budget. Its our responsibility
to ensure that your hard-earned money is being used responsibly, and
that we are moving our country forward each day. This budget is a step
in the right direction and provides safeguards to rescue a prosperous
America for future generations.
Over the
next two weeks, I am looking forward to being home in Nebraska for the
state work period. Ill be meeting with Nebraskans across the state,
including listening sessions in Aurora and Loup City. I always
appreciate the opportunity to visit with Nebraskans and discuss the issues that
matter to you.
With the holidays coming up, I
want to wish you and your family a happy Easter and a blessed
Passover.
Please read on for more news and
updates from my work in Washington and Nebraska this month.
E-mail
Updates
Yes, please periodically send me e-mail
updates.*
*By subscribing to my
e-mail
updates, you are authorizing me to send regular e-mail updates from my
office to your e-mail account.
WOTUS Field Hearing
Click on the
video
above to see
highlights from Senator Fischers WOTUS
hearing.
On Saturday, March 14, I brought the U.S. Senate to Lincoln. I
convened a field hearing of the Senate Environment and Public Works (EPW)
Committee to bring Nebraska perspectives to the debate over new EPA
regulations. The hearing focused on the impact of the proposed waters of
the United States (WOTUS) rule, which would expand federal
regulation of water across the state. A diverse group of stakeholders from all
across Nebraska testified as witnesses, showing how this dangerous new
rule would harm their businesses, families, and way of life. The
hearing was a great success and Im looking forward to bringing the
information we received back to Washington.
For a
complete list of witnesses, as well as information about the hearing and
the proposed WOTUS rule,
click
here .
FIGHTING FOR YOU ON THE
ISSUES THAT MATTER
Commemorating the 100 th
Anniversary of Boys Town
Last week, the U.S. Senate unanimously passed
S. 301, The Boys Town Centennial Commemorative
Coin Act .
The bill, which I introduced in January,
would authorize the Secretary of the Treasury to mint $5 gold coins,
$1 silver coins, and half-dollar clad coins in honor of Boys Towns
100th anniversary. Associated costs will be covered by the sale of the
coins without any cost to the taxpayer or the Treasury
Department. Nebraska is proud to be home to this life-changing nonprofit. Im
pleased to see this legislation move forward so we can highlight the
important work of Boys Town in helping Nebraska
families .
Protecting Our Ag Industry
This month, I joined 29 of my colleagues in sending
a
letter
to the HHS and the USDA
objecting to a report on food guidelines that advises Americans to
decrease their consumption of red meat. Given the far-reaching economic
impact that this proposal would have on Nebraskas agriculture industry,
I was alarmed to see that the committees recommendations were based
on environmental concerns, not on sound science. I am pleased to
report that in response to our letter, the Obama administration announced
it will extend the comment period to make sure stakeholders have enough
time to review and provide feedback on the
report.
Ending
Wasteful Federal Bonuses
Just last year, the Treasury
Inspector General for Tax Administration released a report revealing that
$2.8 million was paid in bonuses between 2010 and 2012 to employees
with conduct violations. This included more than $1 million for over
1,100 IRS employees who have not paid their taxes. This is an outrageous
example of wasteful government spending and it needs to stop. Thats
why I joined Senators Kelly Ayotte (R-N.H.) and Claire McCaskill
(D-Mo.) as an original cosponsor of
the
Stop
Wasteful Federal Bonuses Act .
This bill would
prohibit bonus pay from being rewarded to federal employees who break laws
or violate agency rules.
IN
CASE YOU MISSED IT
FISCHER IN THE
NEWS
Opponents of proposed clean water rule tell of
negative effects
Lincoln Journal
Star
Fischer, Nebraska's senior Republican senator and a member of the
Senates Environment and Public Works Committee, held a hearing on a
proposed clean water rule Saturday morning at the University of
Nebraska-Lincoln Hardin Hall Auditorium, which was filled with more than 100
spectators.
World-Herald editorial: Water
rules raise concern
Editorial
Omaha World-Herald
The proposal
would empower federal regulators for the first time to exert control
over some types of small streams and ponds, roadside ditches, low-lying
farm ground that floods at times and spots where water pools when it
rains. Fischer has repeatedly urged the EPA to withdraw the proposal,
and she has co-sponsored legislation telling federal regulators to do
so.
Federal bonus ban
sensible
Editorial
Omaha World-Herald
Sen. Deb Fischer, R-Neb.,
with Sens. Kelly Ayotte, R-N.H., and Claire McCaskill, D-Mo., introduced
the Stop Wasteful Federal Bonuses Act. This bill would prohibit
federal agencies from awarding bonus pay to government workers if they
violate agency policy for which employees could be fired or suspended, or
if they break a law for which the employee could be jailed for more
than one year.
Fischer says new food guidelines harmful
to agriculture
The Grand Island
Independent
Any changes to our nations food policies must be based on
sound science and outside experts, Fischer said. Our ranchers, and
the millions of Americans they feed, could be harmed for generations by
inaccurate and unfounded reports like this.
Sen.
Fischer joins fight to save ammo for sportsmen
Kearney
Hub
This overreach by the ATF is an attack on the Second
Amendment and another example of the federal government overstepping its
authority, Fischer said. Americans should not be punished when
exercising their right to use firearms in accordance with the
law.
Sen. Deb Fischers Internet of Things resolution is
approved
Omaha World-Herald
The Senate on
Tuesday approved a bipartisan resolution introduced by Sen. Deb
Fischer to promote the Internet of Things. This forward-thinking
initiative is an important first step in ushering new ideas and innovations
for years to come, Fischer said.
Dont bonus IRS
staffers with demerits in their files
Editorial
Kearney Hub
U.S. Sen. Deb Fischer, R-Neb., wondered that
very thing, and wrote to IRS Commissioner John Koskinen expressing her
concerns about the bonuses and the apparent mismanagement. I asked for
specific answers to a number of questions, including exactly how many
employees received bonuses and what steps the IRS planned to take to
recover taxpayer dollars, Fischer said.
Local
Solutions for Education
Fischer Column
York
News-Times
As Nebraskans, we are fortunate to have great schools filled
with wonderful teachers. We owe a debt of gratitude to our teachers
and administrators, who work incredibly hard day-in and day-out to
provide our children with the knowledge and tools that they need for
success. But in order to succeed, we must continue to seek the highest
quality.
Fischer Supports Human Trafficking
Bill
KFOR
During her weekly news conference, Nebraska
Republican Senator Deb Fischer said that she supports the bill. Fischer
says by labeling human traffickers, convicts could be detained while
awaiting judicial proceedings.
PHOTOS OF THE MONTH
I had the pleasure of meeting
with Jeff Metz, Morrill County Farm Bureau President, and his son
Dillion on March 21. Mr. Metz was visiting Washington to testify in front
of the Senate Agriculture, Nutrition, and Forestry Committee. The
hearing focused on the impacts of the proposed WOTUS
rule.
I was
honored to receive the Friend of the Farm Bureau award from members of the
Nebraska Farm Bureau this month.
I had a great meeting with
Father Boes of Boys Town, where we discussed my commemorative coin
bill. The legislation unanimously passed the Senate last
week.
With Royce Schaneman, Executive
Director of the Nebraska Wheat Board and fellow LEAD graduate. I was
honored to join LEAD alumni at their banquet in Lincoln on March
13.
It was great visiting with members of the Nebraska State
Historical Society in Washington this month. I am thankful for their great
work to preserve our states rich heritage.
I met with students
from Logan View High School and Columbus High School on the steps of
the U.S. Capitol on March 18. These students were visiting Washington
through the Close Up program.
Washington D.C. Office
383
Russell Senate Office
Building
Washington, DC 20510
Phone:
(202) 2246551
Fax: (202) 2281325
Lincoln Office
440 North 8th
Street
Suite 120
Lincoln, Nebraska 68508
Phone: (402)
4414600
Fax: (402) 4768753
Omaha
Office
11819 Miracle Hills Drive
Suite 205
Omaha, Nebraska
68154
Phone: (402) 3913411
Fax: (402) 3914725
Scottsbluff
1110 Circle Drive
Suite F2
Scottsbluff, NE
69361
Phone: (308) 630-2329
Fax: (308) 630-2321
Kearney Office 20
West 23rd Street
Kearney, NE 68847
Phone: (308) 234-2361
Fax: (308) 234-3684
Please do not reply to this email. Responses sent to this email
address will not be received by a staff member of Senator Fischer.
If you
wish to contact Senator Fischers office, please use the online form
on her website by clicking
HERE
Unsubscribe
|
Update My Profile
|
Privacy Policy
