DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.0 Transitional//EN" "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml1/DTD/xhtml1-transitional.dtd"
District Update April 24th, 2015
CLICK HERE
to see the pictures and graphics in this email.
Watch this week's dose
of common sense
HERE .
ANSAC Wyoming
Delivers Soda Ash across the Globe
Dear Friends,
Over last weekend, I travelled to the Port of Portland, Oregon to participate in the naming and maiden voyage celebration of a new ship called the
M/V ANSAC Wyoming .
I was honored to be the ships godmother at the invitation of the American Natural Soda Ash Corporation (ANSAC) and to name and christen the ship as well as activate the first loading of Wyoming soda ash in the new ship.
Soda ash is a fundamental material used in everyday items from detergent to glass to toothpaste.
The natural soda ash industry in Green River employs nearly 3,000 workers in Wyoming alone, not counting all the downstream jobs along the train routes and at our nations ports.
This is Wyomings number one international export and a major contributor to reducing our trade deficit.
Soda ash details:
High quality trona deposits in SW Wyoming, which are processed into soda ash, are the largest known deposits in the world and are sufficient to meet global needs for hundreds of years.
Wyoming mines produced over 16 million tons of trona in 2013.
Approximately 4 million metric tons of natural soda ash is exported from Wyoming annually.
M/V ANSAC Wyoming
details:
580 feet (1.5 football fields) long by 93 feet wide and can hold 33,000 tons.
Will load Wyoming soda ash out of Port Arthur, TX and Port of Portland, OR.
Will travel all over the world, including Japan, Korea, Taiwan, EU, and Latin America.
Please feel free to
share your thoughts
on this or concerns with other issues.
Sincerely,
This mailbox is unattended. To respond please
click here
or go to
http://lummis.house.gov/contact/
Join the conversation! Stay connected to me through
,
,
and
I look forward to hearing from you soon!
Newsletter Sign-Up
------------------------------------
Twitter
Facebook
Youtube
Tumblr
UPDATE SUBSCRIPTION OPTIONS
|
PRIVACY POLICY
|
CONTACT US
Click Here Click Here