DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.0 Transitional//EN" "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml1/DTD/xhtml1-transitional.dtd"
District Update | May 3, 2015
Click here
if you have trouble viewing this email
Dear Friends,
I promised you I would work to stop wasteful government spending in Washington. While there is still a lot of work to be done, through its first four months, the 114th Congress has been refreshingly effective and efficient at meeting this goal.
Just this week, we had another historic accomplishment when the House began the appropriations process the earliest it has since 1974. Hitting the ground running on appropriations will limit
the likelihood of the 11th hour legislating that has been at the root of our poor spending habits for years.
Completing this constitutional responsibility in a timely fashion will also give Congress the freedom needed to focus on another important obligation: government oversight, something that has been severely lacking in recent memory.
As we continue to pass appropriations bills, I will do everything possible to make sure the taxpayers aren't being victimized by a government that isn't a responsible steward of their money.
That is why on Wednesday night during debate on H.R. 2029, the Military Construction, Veterans Affairs, and Related Agencies Appropriations Act of 2016, I offered an amendment to stop funding for wasteful VA solar panel projects.
I want to be clear -- I don't oppose these projects when they are done responsibly and are cost-effective. However, it appears this is seldom the case. According to the U.S. Department of Veterans Affairs (VA) website, the VA has
over 40 renewable energy projects , some dating back to 2010, that are not operational. Included in these was
an $8 million project to install solar panels
at the Little Rock VA Medical Center which were never turned on and are already
being deconstructed .
The amendment was a follow up to Sen. John Boozmans and my request to the VA Office of the Inspector General (OIG) to investigate the VAs Renewable Energy Program. After Military Construction, Veterans Affairs and Related Agencies Subcommittee Chairman Charlie Dent offered to assist with our call for an OIG investigation, I withdrew the amendment.
It is essential that we ensure accountability and transparency when utilizing precious taxpayer dollars to support these government projects.
Many questions remain unanswered about the project in Little Rock and similar projects throughout the country, and I am pleased that the Committee is willing to work with me to ensure additional oversight from Congress.
Sincerely,
Representative French Hill
News for the Week of April 27, 2015
Scaled-down critical habitat designations for mussels announced
Arkansas News
5 in D.C. honor predecessor, say he set a high bar
ADG
Arkansas Regional Innovation Hub Awarded $1M Federal Grant
Times Record
Hill Congratulates Art Competition Winners, Participants
Log Cabin Democrat
A Visit from a Friend
On Wednesday, a joint session of Congress received a visit from a friend. Japanese Prime Minister Shinzo Abe gave a speech to Congress that stressed the importance of our friendship and the necessity of continuing to strengthen our partnership through trade agreements.
While Prime Minister Abe was speaking to Congress, Rep. Hill was also receiving a visit from a friend.
In town for the speech as a guest of Rep. Hill was Dr. William Tsutsui, the President of Hendrix College in Conway.
Above photo: Dr. Tsutsui sitting in on a meeting with Rep. Hill and constituents prior to attending the Prime Minister's speech.
In Case You Missed It
On Thursday, Rep. Hill joined a bipartisan group of Congressmen and leaders in the energy industry for a press conference on H.R. 702, to adapt to changing crude oil market conditions.
At the press conference, Rep. Hill spoke about the major
benefits of ending the 40-year-old ban on the export of crude oil.
Rep. Hill described the need for the thousands of jobs that would be created by ending the ban, and also the simultaneous strategic benefit of mitigating national security risks by decreasing European dependency on Russian oil.
To watch Rep. Hill's full remarks, click
here .
Washington, DC Office
1229 Longworth House Office Building
Washington, DC 20515
Phone: (202) 225-2506
Fax: (202) 225-5903
Conway Office
1105 Deer Street, Suite 12
Conway, AR 72032
Phone: (501) 358-3481
Fax: (501) 358-3494
Little Rock Office
1501 N. University Ave., Suite 150
Little Rock, AR 72207
Phone: (501) 324-5941
Fax: (501) 324-6029
UPDATE SUBSCRIPTION OPTIONS
|
PRIVACY POLICY
|
CONTACT US
Click Here Click Here