DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.0 Transitional//EN" "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml1/DTD/xhtml1-transitional.dtd"
Share on:
News Brief
Message from Dave
Dear Friends,
Its been a hectic but productive couple of weeks. Im sure you are all familiar with that feeling during this time of year.
There has been some truly important progress being made the last two weeks. I joined with Trade Ambassador Froman and some of my Congressional colleagues to ensure our Washington apples and pears are exported successfully to Indonesia. We also passed in the House
a major piece of legislation
to increase access to critical healthcare for kids, seniors, and at-risk families. I was proud to join with my colleagues in passing it out of the House and that some of the provisions I helped cosponsor were included in the bill.
Just this past Tuesday, I was joined by colleagues from both the House and Senate to urge support and swift passage for our
National Blue Alert legislation . We had with us law enforcement officers and police organization representatives, as well Gina Miller from Washington State.
It was an especial honor to have Gina with us as she shared her tragic and compelling story about her fiance, Trooper Tony Radulescu , who was killed in the line of duty in 2012. It is officers like Tony that this bill is trying to help.
It is based on the successful Amber Alert system that will help save lives and keep communities safe by protecting our law enforcement officers. It is the least we can do for those who put their lives on the line every day for us and our families.
Its been busy in Washington State as well. On Friday, I helped kick off the Washington First Robotics Opening Ceremony at Auburn High School with hundreds of kids from across the state that have put in huge amounts of work to creating their own robotic machines. It is very exciting to see so many young people taking an early interest in science and technology.
Afterwards, mayors from towns on the west side of our district joined me to discuss their priorities for the year and discuss federal legislation and how it is affecting their communities.
I hope all of you are doing well and I look forward to seeing many of you soon.
Sincerely,
Dave
From the
NEWSROOM
Rep. Reichert with the Auburn High School Robotics Team at the First Washington Robotics Competition Opening Ceremonies
Rep. Reichert speaks about the importance of a National Blue Alert system at a press conference urging support for his bipartisan, bicameral legislation
Take
this week's poll
on our website!
Other News:
-
Reichert, Blumenauer, Lance, and Schakowsky Introduce Bill to Improve Access to Lymphedema Treatments
-
Reichert, Boustany Introduce Bill to Help Improve Outcomes for Kids
Website
|
Privacy
|
Contact
|
Multimedia
|
Newsroom
|
Click Here Click Here