
If you are having trouble viewing this message or would like to
share it on a social network, you can
view the message online .
HOME
ABOUT
CONTACT ME
SERVING YOU
MEDIA CENTER
ISSUES
&amp; LEGISLATION
OUR DISTRICT
April 03, 2015
Dear Friend,
Easter Sunday is the day when
Christians around the world celebrate the triumph of Christ over the
cross.
Today, the celebration of Easter is tempered by
the real sufferings of Christians in the Middle East and around the
world. The cross has not been banished to history. It is real and once
again an instrument of torture used by those who persecute the
faithful.
As you gather this weekend, please join me in praying for
those who have been martyred for their faith. I ask in particular
that you remember the Christians in Iraq and Syria who have been the
victims of the most brutal treatment, including kidnapping, crucifixion,
displacement and slavery. Entire communities have been given the choice
of conversion, death or flight.
This Sunday for the
first time in nearly 2,000 years, there will not be an Easter Mass
celebrated in Mosul, Iraq. No church bells will announce the good news that
Christ has risen.
Here in the Central Valley this is not a
distant issue. We are home to tens of thousands of Assyrians whose
families live under the shadow of ISIS and other extremist
organizations. As their representative in Congress, I will continue to advocate for
the need to defeat radical Islamic terrorism and to secure for the
years to come the place of Christianity in the land of its
birth.
As Im sure youve seen, on Wednesday Gov. Brown announced an
executive order requiring that our state cut water use by 25% as part
of the first mandatory drought restrictions in history.
In
2009, water agencies throughout California predicted that the new
requirements placed on our states water system would leave us with no
water during a prolonged drought. Fishery agencies and environmental
groups balked, claiming this day would never come. With the fourth year
of drought upon us, these kinds of policies are hurting California
farmers, families and the environment, as Governor Browns announcement
shows.
In the House we have acted repeatedly to enact
legislation that would have helped us with the current situation and
maximized water availability. In 2011 and again last year, I supported
comprehensive water legislation to enable us to capture and store more
water. Unfortunately, the Senate has failed to act year after year and the
Administration has yet to get engaged in crafting any lasting
solutions. Decades of inaction have finally caught up with Californias
refusal to build new storage. Conservation alone isnt the
answer.
I am carefully reviewing the details of yesterdays announcement
that we have reached a pending nuclear agreement framework with Iran.
Congress must fulfill its constitutional role in providing oversight
over the foreign policy decisions of the executive branch and do so in
such a way as to earn the trust of our partners, citizens and the
world.
Im pleased to announce that over the last two weeks,
several thousand votes have been cast in our Congressional Art
Competition. The deadline is midnight tonight, so if you havent voted yet,
please be sure to cast your vote by hitting Like on
your favorite piece of the group ! Having the competition on
Facebook this year has given so many more Central Valley residents the
opportunity to recognize our talented students, and its been great to see
so many participate. Im looking forward to hosting a reception for
participating students next week
and Id like to invite you all to
come see the artwork. The reception takes place on Wednesday, April
8 th , at 5:30 p.m. at the Mistlin Art Gallery at 1015 J Street
in Modesto.
Im also looking forward to attending several
Mobile District Office Hours next week. On Friday, Ill be at the
Newman MDO at 9 a.m. and the Patterson MDO at 10:30. If you live in either
of these cities, I hope youll stop by and meet with me and my staff.
You can find a full list of details and dates for
all of our MDOs this month here.
Next month we will be
hosting our 2015 Central Valley Job Fair and Veterans Summit. This is
a huge opportunity for job seekers to meet with some of the Valleys
employers and find a potential fit. All of our employers are required
to have at least one position available.
Please
share this event with any friends or family members you may have who are
looking for work .
More details for the 2015 Central Valley Job Fair and Veterans
Summit.
Lastly, I wanted to share a photo of the newest
addition to the Denham staff. Juliet Potrykus, one of my senior
legislative assistants, and her husband Henry welcomed their daughter
Anastasia on March 13. Mother and daughter are doing well and we are
looking forward to watching her
grow.
Wishing you and your families a blessed Easter
weekend.
JEFF
DENHAM
Do you support Gov. Browns
decision to declare mandatory water restrictions for the
state? Yes No Do you believe the state has properly prioritized
water for people, farms and fish? Yes No How would you allocate the water we do have? Tell me here:
*By answering this survey, you are
subscribing to my newsletter. If you are having trouble, click
here.
E-mail Updates
Yes, please periodically send me e-mail
updates.*
*By subscribing
to my
e-mail updates, you are authorizing me to send regular
e-mail updates from my office to your e-mail account.
DC
office:
1730 Longworth HOB
Washington, DC
20515
P:
202-225-4540
F: 202-225-3402
Modesto Office:
4701 Sisk Road, Suite 202
Modesto, CA
95356
P: 209-579-5458
F: 209-579-5028
Unsubscribe
|
Update My Profile
|
Privacy
Policy
