
April 10, 2015
IN THIS ISSUE:
Senator Collins Delivers Distinguished 2015 Senator George J. Mitchell
International Lecture at Colby College
Senator Collins Talks to Mainers on MPBN's Maine Calling
Senator Collins Visits Students and Faculty at EMCC
Meeting with Mainers
WEEKLY COLUMN
By: Senator Susan Collins
I recently had the opportunity to speak at the 10th Annual Geriatrics
Day Conference at Maine Medical Center in Portland. The fact that this
is often a sold-out conference with a waiting list illustrates the
importance of aging issues to medical professionals throughout our
State. With Maine being the oldest state in the nation by median age,
the active involvement of health care providers is essential, and it
was an honor to meet with them.
Maine's growing population of older individuals, the rapidly changing
demographics of our nation, and the challenges created by these changes
are among the reasons why I pursued a leadership position on the Senate
Special Committee on Aging, a Committee on which I have served since I
joined the Senate. Throughout its history, this committee has spurred
Congress to action on issues important to older Americans through its
hearings, investigations, and reports.
One disease that takes a tremendous toll on far too many of our older
citizens is diabetes. As the co-chair of the Senate Diabetes Caucus, I
have learned a great deal about this terrible disease that affects 29
million Americans. It also has a cost to our nation of $174 billion and
consumes nearly one out of three Medicare dollars.
Fortunately, we have seen some encouraging breakthroughs and are on the
threshold of a number of important new discoveries. This is
particularly true for the estimated 1.2 million Americans living with
type 1 diabetes. Advances in technology, like continuous glucose
monitors (CGMs), are helping patients control their blood glucose
levels, which is key to preventing costly and sometimes deadly diabetes
complications.
To read the rest of Senator Collins' weekly column click here
.
Senator Collins Delivers Distinguished 2015 Senator George J. Mitchell
International Lecture at Colby College
Senator Collins delivered the 2015 Senator George J. Mitchell
International Lecture
at Colby College this week. The Senator's address highlighted
one of her highest priorities in the U.S. Senate: facilitating strong
bipartisan compromise to achieve progress. Senator Collins has earned a
national reputation as an effective legislator who works across party
lines to seek consensus on our nation's most important issues.
Since 2005, the Senator George J. Mitchell Distinguished International
Lecture Series has brought a prominent foreign policy leaders to Colby
College for a lecture and a dinner. Past speakers have included the
Honorable Madeline Albright and former U.S. Senator Thomas A. Daschle.
Senator Collins received an honorary degree from Colby College at the
inauguration of the College's 20th president, David A. Greene, in
September of 2014.
Click here
for a full copy of Senator Collins'
remarks, as prepared for delivery.
Pictured Above: Senator Collins and Senator George Mitchell
Senator Collins Talks to Mainers on MPBN's Maine Calling
This week, Senator Collins participated in Maine Public Broadcasting's
"Maine Calling" to discuss a variety of topics important to Maine.
Click here
or
the play button above to listen to the segment.
During the interview, one caller expressed his appreciation for the
work Senator Collins has done as Chairman of the Senate Aging
Committee, "I wanted to thank you not just for your work on the
Alzheimer's fight, but everything you're doing with the Aging Committee.
We're the oldest state in the country, as you know, and the work that
you're doing at a national level is especially important to us here at
home."
Senator Collins Visits Students and Faculty at EMCC
U.S. Senator Susan Collins visited Eastern Maine Community College
(EMCC) to meet with students, faculty, and College leadership. While on
campus, Senator Collins toured the Fine Woodworking and Cabinet Making
Shop and met with a group of students that are former employees of the
Bucksport Verso mill. These students have the opportunity to learn a
new skill at EMCC because of funds available through the Federal Trade
Adjustment Assistance Program, a program that Senator Collins strongly
supports.
"Eastern Maine Community College is offering students in Bangor a
remarkable opportunity to develop the skills and strong academic
foundation necessary for a bright future. Under the leadership of
President Lawrence Barrett, the high level of engagement between
students and faculty at EMCC has increased graduation rates and student
retention," said Senator Collins. "Ensuring access to higher education
for students in Maine and across our nation must remain a priority."
To read the full press release click here
.
Senator Collins Gives Keynote Address to 10th Annual Geriatrics Day
Conference in Portland
Senator Susan Collins, Chairman of the Senate Special Committee on
Aging, gave the keynote address at the 10th Annual Geriatrics Day
Conference at Maine Medical Center in Portland this week. Senator
Collins spoke about her priorities as Chairman of the Senate Aging
Committee as well as the challenges facing Maine and our nation as
Americans are living longer.
To read the full text of Senator Collins' address click here
.
Meeting With Mainers
Senator Collins always makes time to meet individually with
constituents- either Mainers who are visiting Washington, D.C. or at
home in Maine.
She values hearing from Mainers on a wide range of topics. Below are
photos from recent meetings:
OFFICE OF SENATOR SUSAN COLLINS
413 Dirksen Senate Office Building
Washington, D.C. 20510
Phone: (202) 224-2523
Fax: (202) 224-2693
To UNSUBSCRIBE, please click here
DEFAULT TABLE ATTRIBUTES ARE:
DEFAULT TD STYLE IS:
DEFAULT LEFT SIDEBAR IS:
DEFAULT RIGHT COLUMN IS:
Can't
see the images? Make sure your e-mail is set to download pictures in order to see the full content
of this e-newsletter.
April
10, 2015
IN
THIS ISSUE:
Senator Collins Delivers
Distinguished 2015 Senator George J. Mitchell International Lecture at Colby College
Senator Collins Talks to Mainers on MPBN's Maine Calling
Senator Collins Visits
Students and Faculty at EMCC
Meeting
with Mainers
WEEKLY COLUMN
By: Senator Susan Collins
I recently had the opportunity to speak at the 10th Annual Geriatrics Day Conference
at Maine Medical Center in Portland. The fact that this is often a sold-out conference with a waiting
list illustrates the importance of aging issues to medical professionals throughout our State. With Maine
being the oldest state in the nation by median age, the active involvement of health care providers is
essential, and it was an honor to meet with them.
Maine&#8217;s growing population of older individuals, the rapidly changing demographics of our
nation, and the challenges created by these changes are among the reasons why I pursued a leadership
position on the Senate Special Committee on Aging, a Committee on which I have served since I joined
the Senate. Throughout its history, this committee has spurred Congress to action on issues important
to older Americans through its hearings, investigations, and reports.
One disease that takes a tremendous toll on far too many of our older citizens is diabetes. As
the co-chair of the Senate Diabetes Caucus, I have learned a great deal about this terrible disease that
affects 29 million Americans. It also has a cost to our nation of $174 billion and consumes nearly one
out of three Medicare dollars.
Fortunately, we have seen some encouraging breakthroughs and are on the threshold of a number
of important new discoveries. This is particularly true for the estimated 1.2 million Americans living
with type 1 diabetes. Advances in technology, like continuous glucose monitors (CGMs), are helping patients
control their blood glucose levels, which is key to preventing costly and sometimes deadly diabetes complications.
To read the rest of Senator Collins' weekly column click
here .
Senator
Collins Delivers Distinguished 2015 Senator George J. Mitchell International Lecture at Colby College
Senator Collins
delivered
the 2015 Senator George J. Mitchell International Lecture
at Colby College this week. The Senator&#8217;s
address highlighted one of her highest priorities in the U.S. Senate: facilitating strong bipartisan
compromise to achieve progress. Senator Collins has earned a national reputation as an effective legislator
who works across party lines to seek consensus on our nation&#8217;s most important issues.
Since 2005, the Senator George J. Mitchell Distinguished International Lecture Series has brought
a prominent foreign policy leaders to Colby College for a lecture and a dinner. Past speakers have included
the Honorable Madeline Albright and former U.S. Senator Thomas A. Daschle.
Senator Collins received an honorary degree from Colby College at the inauguration of the College&#8217;s
20th president, David A. Greene, in September of 2014.
Click
here
for a full copy of Senator Collins&#8217; remarks, as prepared for delivery.
Pictured Above: Senator Collins and Senator George Mitchell
Senator Collins Talks to Mainers on MPBN's Maine
Calling
This week, Senator Collins participated
in Maine Public Broadcasting&#8217;s "Maine Calling" to discuss a variety of topics important to Maine.
Click
here
or the play button above to listen to the segment.
During the interview, one caller expressed his appreciation for the work Senator Collins has
done as Chairman of the Senate Aging Committee, &#8220;I wanted to thank you not just for your work on
the Alzheimer&#8217;s fight, but everything you&#8217;re doing with the Aging Committee&#8230;We&#8217;re
the oldest state in the country, as you know, and the work that you&#8217;re doing at a national level
is especially important to us here at home.&#8221;
Senator
Collins Visits Students and Faculty at EMCC
U.S.
Senator Susan Collins visited Eastern Maine Community College (EMCC) to meet with students, faculty,
and College leadership. While on campus, Senator Collins toured the Fine Woodworking and Cabinet Making
Shop and met with a group of students that are former employees of the Bucksport Verso mill. These students
have the opportunity to learn a new skill at EMCC because of funds available through the Federal Trade
Adjustment Assistance Program, a program that Senator Collins strongly supports.
&#8220;Eastern Maine Community College is offering students in Bangor a remarkable opportunity
to develop the skills and strong academic foundation necessary for a bright future. Under the leadership
of President Lawrence Barrett, the high level of engagement between students and faculty at EMCC has
increased graduation rates and student retention,&#8221; said Senator Collins. &#8220;Ensuring access
to higher education for students in Maine and across our nation must remain a priority."
To
read the full press release click
here .
Senator
Collins Gives Keynote Address to 10th Annual Geriatrics Day Conference in Portland
Senator Susan Collins, Chairman of the Senate Special Committee on Aging, gave the keynote address
at the 10th Annual Geriatrics Day Conference at Maine Medical Center in Portland this week. Senator Collins
spoke about her priorities as Chairman of the Senate Aging Committee as well as the challenges facing
Maine and our nation as Americans are living longer.
To read the full text of Senator Collins' address click
here .
Meeting
With Mainers
Senator Collins
always makes time to meet individually with constituents&#8212; either Mainers who are visiting Washington,
D.C. or at home in Maine.
She values hearing from Mainers on a wide range of topics. Below are photos from recent meetings:
OFFICE OF SENATOR SUSAN COLLINS
413 Dirksen Senate Office Building Washington,
D.C. 20510 Phone: (202) 224-2523 Fax: (202) 224-2693
To UNSUBSCRIBE,
please
click here
