DOCTYPE html
April 12, 2015
Congressman McHenry Weekly Update
Another Busy Week Around NC-10
After a restful Easter weekend at home in Denver with my family, it was back to work Monday as the second week of Congress' spring work period began. I spent Monday in Cleveland County at the ground breaking for the Cleveland County Public Shooting Range. While there I met with local elected officials and helped break ground on the shooting range which, when complete, will be one of North Carolina's largest.
Tuesday I spent the day in Catawba County speaking at the weekly meeting of Lake Hickory Rotary Club and then heading to Maiden for a visit to Ethan Allen's upholstery facility. There I met with employees, spoke to the company's CEO, and toured the facility where much of Ethan Allen's custom ordered furniture is handmade and upholstered to the customer's specifications.
After my visit at Ethan Allen, I made the quick trip over to GKN Driveline's Catawba county facility which is also in Maiden. There I learned about the company and the advanced driveline components they produce for the majority of car manufacturers worldwide.
I spent Wednesday in Buncombe County including a visit to the Black Mountain Fire Department. Black Mountain's firefighters were on the front line of the fight against the recent wildfire in Buncombe County. It was great to meet with them and thank them for their efforts.
Later that afternoon I headed into downtown Asheville to tour Wicked Weed Brewing's newest facility, the Funkatorium. During my tour I learned about the new barrel-aged facility and Wicked Weed's plans which will be a boon to Buncombe County, as they continue to grow and create jobs.
I began Thursday with a visit to Diamond Brands in Fletcher. While there I learned about the company and the outdoor gear they produce. Diamond Brands manufactures outdoor gear which provides protection for groups including the United States military and Boy Scouts of America.
Later on Thursday I visited the Mill Spring Ag Center and Farmers Market in Polk County, learning about the facility and their contribution to the agricultural business throughout the county.
I concluded my week in Rutherford County on Friday. My first stop was to the Florence Mill in Forest City. While there I learned about the city's renovation plans for the mill which originally opened in 1892.
After the visit to Florence Mill I toured Horsehead Metal Products' production facility in Mooresboro. There I learned about the company's plans in Rutherford County including producing zinc at low costs.
For more photos from my visits throughout the 10th District, be sure to follow me on
Instagram
and
Twitter
and like my
Facebook page .
Visiting 10th District Schools
One of my favorite things to do when traveling across the 10th District is visiting schools and addressing the students. Its a great opportunity to speak to our future generations and I always leave impressed with the bright young minds of our local students. This week, I had three such visits.
On Tuesday I visited University Christian High School in Hickory. University Christian has a unique design. Located on the campus of Lenoir-Rhyne University, upper class students at University Christian have the opportunity to join LRU classes to gain college credit. During my visit I toured the school with my former intern and current UCHS student Nick, learned about the school's unique program, and spoke to Principal Jerry Willard's civic class.
Wednesday I was in Buncombe County and had the pleasure of visiting Asheville Christian Academy. Like at UCHS, a former intern in my office Robert gave me a tour of the school where he is currently a senior. During my visit I also met with Head of School Bill George and spoke to both juniors and seniors in teacher Gordon Meiners' classes.
On Friday I visited Thomas Jefferson Classical Academy in Mooresboro. While there I visited the school's Stock Market Club and learned about their participation in a national competition.
For additional photos from my visits to 10th District schools be sure to follow me on
Twitter
and
Instagram
and like my
Facebook page .
Iran Poll Results
Last Sunday
I used this space to ask what you thought about the framework
agreement that emerged from the nuclear talks President Obama and Secretary of State John Kerry led with Iran. At the time I shared
my significant concerns
about the framework but wanted to know what you thought about the announcement. I would like to thank everyone who took time to participate in the poll. The pie chart below displays the results.
As you can see above, nearly 3/4ths of respondents to the survey are opposed to the framework agreement announced two weeks ago. As Congress returns to Washington tomorrow, this agreement will be at the top of the agenda. Stay tuned to future emails for further updates on Congressional action in response to the President's announced agreement with the Iranian regime.
What I Have Been Reading
The final curtain: Actor James Best dead at 88
The Hickory Daily Record
This week we learned of the passing of actor and longtime Hickory resident James Best. Mr. Best spent over 50 years in the acting business but was most well known for his role as sheriff Rosco P. Coltrane in the classic television show
The Dukes of Hazzard .
Later in life, Mr. Best took part in many stage productions in Hickory. My thoughts and prayers are with James Best's family and friends as they mourn their loss.
What A Congressman Is Doing To Cut Craft Breweries Taxes!
Fox News Radio
On Wednesday of this week I joined Fox News host Brian Kilmeade on his radio show
Kilmeade and Friends
to discuss the recently-passed House Republican budget, legislative plans for the House of Representatives in the coming weeks, and my support of the Small BREW Act. Click the link above to listen to the interview.
18-year-old to open snow cone business in Asheville
The Asheville Citizen-Times
Great to see the entrepreneurial spirit is alive and well in young folks in the 10th District as evidenced by the story above. Ian Huffman, a senior at T.C. Roberson High School in Asheville, is opening a seasonal business to sell snow cones out a "shack" on Hendersonville Road. As the temperature continues to heat up through the summer months, this seems like a brilliant idea for a new, local business.
WASHINGTON, D.C. OFFICE
2334 Rayburn HOB
Washington, D.C. 20515
Telephone: 202.225.2576
Fax: 202.225.0316
HICKORY DISTRICT OFFICE
87 4th St. NW, Ste A, PO Box 1830
Hickory, NC 28603
Telephone: 828.327.6100
Toll-Free in NC: 800.477.2576
Fax: 828.327.8311
GASTONIA DISTRICT OFFICE
Suite 115
Gaston Co. Administrative Bldg
128 West Main Avenue
Gastonia, NC 28053
Telephone: 704.833.0096
BLACK MTN. DISTRICT OFFICE
160 Midland Avenue
Black Mountain, NC 28711
Telephone: 828.669.0600
Click Here Click Here