DOCTYPE html
April 19, 2015
Congressman McHenry Weekly Update
Reining In IRS Abuse &amp; Repealing the Death Tax
This past Wednesday marked one of the most hated days of the year for many Americans, tax day. Our tax code is too long, too confusing, and causes all of us to spend way too much time and money trying to decipher it. With tax day in mind, House Republicans this week passed a number of bills that address IRS abuse. Among them was legislation blocking companies that are delinquent on their taxes from being contracted for work by the federal government.
Here is a full list
of these bills.
The House also passed legislation to
fully repeal the death tax . This job-killing tax hits small and family-owned businesses just as they are laying a loved one to rest. It is unfair and is nothing more than an attack on the hard work and entrepreneurial spirit of Americans. The Senate has passed similar legislation and it is my hope President Obama will join us in repealing this tax.
While comprehensive tax reform that simplifies our tax code and reduces rates across the board remains my ultimate goal, the legislation passed this week are important steps to get the government off our backs and out of our pockets.
Budget Reconciliation Process Begins
Prior to the Easter Congressional work period, both the House and Senate passed budget resolutions for fiscal year 2016. This week both bodies of Congress passed motions to move to Conference and
assigned members to work on reconciling the two budgets . The budget reconciliation process is an important step as it could allow for Congressional Republicans to send to President Obama's desk a fully repeal of Obamacare or a plan to rewrite our federal tax code.
With that process beginning, I want to know what you think. Do you think Republicans should use the budget reconciliation process to repeal Obamacare? Achieve comprehensive tax reform? Or something else? Please click on the image below to share your opinion.
Proud to Support
Among the most-lasting and damaging impacts of the financial crisis has been the inability of young, low, and moderate income people to access the credit they need to purchase a home. Home ownership is a big part of the American dream but often mortgages are not available to these folks. This week the House took a step to change that by passing
H.R. 685, the Mortgage Choice Act of 2015 . This bill would remove an onerous, Washington-created regulation that makes it harder for those that most need credit to get it. Click on the image below to see my floor speech in support of H.R. 685 from Tuesday's floor debate.
What I Have Been Reading
Abraham Lincoln assassination coverage revisited
USA Today
Wednesday marked the 150th anniversary of one of our nation's greatest leaders, President Abraham Lincoln. President Lincoln was a tremendous leader ending slavery and helping pull our nation together following the horrors of the Civil War. This piece is a fascinating look back on the media coverage following his assassination in 1865.
Justin Kuhlman's Final Four trip - diary form
The Gaston Gazette
This year's Final Four in Indianapolis was a special experience for Belmont Abbey basketball player Justin Kuhlman. Justin was one of ten players chosen to attend the Final Four by AllState. Justin was recognized not just for his play on the court but also his work in the Gaston County community. I enjoyed this diary of Justin's once-in-a-lifetime experience while at the Final Four.
Dirty Dancing in the Blue Ridge Mountains
BBC Travel
While late to it, I am glad to have found this feature on Lake Lure that ran on BBC's travel website in March. Lake Lure is a North Carolina treasure made famous by the film
Dirty Dancing
and it was great to see this Rutherford County destination receive some international recognition as a tremendous place to visit.
WASHINGTON, D.C. OFFICE
2334 Rayburn HOB
Washington, D.C. 20515
Telephone: 202.225.2576
Fax: 202.225.0316
HICKORY DISTRICT OFFICE
87 4th St. NW, Ste A, PO Box 1830
Hickory, NC 28603
Telephone: 828.327.6100
Toll-Free in NC: 800.477.2576
Fax: 828.327.8311
GASTONIA DISTRICT OFFICE
Suite 115
Gaston Co. Administrative Bldg
128 West Main Avenue
Gastonia, NC 28053
Telephone: 704.833.0096
BLACK MTN. DISTRICT OFFICE
160 Midland Avenue
Black Mountain, NC 28711
Telephone: 828.669.0600
Click Here Click Here