 Mail begin
If you are having trouble viewing
this message or would like to share it on a social network, you can
view the message
online .
HOME
CONTACT US
CONSTITUENT
SERVICES
ISSUES AND LEGISLATION
April 12, 2015
Around the District:
This week, it was an
honor to attend the Opening Day ceremony for the LaRoche Baseball Complex
in Fort Scott! What an amazing gift by Adam and Jen LaRoche to this
community! Thanks to all those who worked together to make this
possible.
Check out
KODE's story with
interviews from Adam, Willie Robertson from Duck Dynasty, and me!
In Prescott, I had the opportunity
to speak with residents at the Prescott Country View Retirement Home.
We specifically discussed Medicare and the recent vote in Congress to
replace SGR with a permanent solution that rewards quality and
innovation.
I also discussed the recent vote to replace SGR with
pharmacy officials at the Hy-Vee pharmacy in Topeka. The legislation,
the Medicare Access and CHIP Reauthorization Act passed the House in
March with a bipartisan vote of 392-37. I am anxious to get this
important bill across the finish line, and Im pleased the Senate is
expected to take up this important legislation soon.
To learn
more about the Medicare Access and CHIP Reauthorization Act,
click here .
To read more about my visit to the
pharmacy, check out the Topeka Capital-Journals report
here .
I am always looking for opportunities to learn more
about businesses and employers in our area, so I was pleased to visit
Eagle Beverage in Frontenac. It was great to see firsthand the
economic impact, regulatory involvement, and community support of a local,
family owned beverage distributorship.
In Parsons, I spoke to the
Lions Club about a number of issues and then toured Parsons High School.
At Parsons High School it was great to see their robotics lab,
graphics design lab, auto workshop, and welding shop. The students shared
with me how they can earn college credit for these programs and learn
skills that prepare them for the future.
In Atchison, I had the
opportunity to tour Amsted Rail - the leading supplier of railroad track
fasteners nationwide. We discussed my legislation, the Short Line
Railroad Rehabilitation and Investment Act, which would help the upkeep of
American rail line companies like Amsted Rail.
In Basehor, I enjoyed
touring R&amp;S Equipment. We must do everything we can to protect small
businesses like this - who are the backbone of Eastern Kansas and
America - so they can continue to grow.
Finally, I hosted two Coffees
with your Congresswoman in Iola and Holton. Thank you to everyone who
stopped by to have a cup of coffee and chat with me about the issues
that were important to you!
Tax Day Is Right Around the
Corner:
Tax Day... The day Kansans and
Americans have come to dread.
Due to our dysfunctional and complex tax
code, tax day is not merely a single day where hardworking Americans
are rushing to finish their returns or file an extension, but a painful
reminder that Kansans deserve a fairer, flatter, and simpler tax
code.
Recently an IRS official claimed that the IRS lacks the
resources to operate efficiently due to recent budget cuts. This comes
from the same agency that spent money on parody videos, gifts, and
lavish hotels for conferences. The Washington Post reported that tax
collectors claim they have been forced to give up chasing down those who
owe less than $1 million. Given their spending habits, this is a
ridiculous claim budget cuts or not, the IRS is basically giving an open
invitation to fraud.
Share on
Facebook Share on Twitter
Washington, DC Office
1526 Longworth HOB
Washington, D.C. 20515
Phone:
(202) 225-6601
Fax: (202) 225-7986
Pittsburg Office
1001 N. Broadway Street #C
Pittsburg, KS 66762
Phone: (620)
231-LYNN (5966)
Fax: (620) 231-5972
Topeka Office
3550 SW 5th Street
Topeka, KS 66606
Phone: (785)
234-LYNN (5966)
Fax: (785) 234-5967
Independence
Office
120 N. 6th Street
Independence, KS 67301
Phone: (620) 231-LYNN (5966)
Fax: (620) 231-5972
Unsubscribe
|
Update My
Profile
|
Privacy Policy
