
In March, together with Sen. Ted Cruz, I re-introduced the American Energy Renaissance Act in the 114th Congress.
This legislation is designed to
empower the private sector to create good-paying, American jobs and spur economic growth by harnessing our nations energy resources and removing federal impediments to energy exploration, development and trade.
These bills will also provide a real reset of our foreign policy so that we are no longer beholden to unfriendly nations for our energy needs, and can use our own resources to exert our influence around the globe.
Today America faces a pivotal question, said Sen. Cruz. Will we lead the world into a new generation of American prosperity led by the great American energy renaissance we're experiencing, or will we instead shut off our borders, erect walls, and allow our friends and allies to be dependent on tyrants like Vladimir Putin or Nicols Maduro? We need to come together in a bipartisan manner to say we support jobs, we support economic growth, and we support standing united alongside our friends and allies in defense of freedom. This legislation is a win-win. The only thing the federal government needs to do is get out of the way and let Americans do what they do best: dream, innovate, and prosper.
Our proposed changes in law and policy will open federal lands and reverse policies that cripple the free market and inhibit innovation and private investment. Opening federal lands to oil and gas development, allowing exports and infrastructure improvements, and
stopping regulatory overreach will greatly expand U.S. energy production.
The American Energy Renaissance Act will prevent federal regulation of hydraulic fracturing, facilitate the expansion of domestic refining capacity, improve processes to develop energy infrastructure, stop EPA overreach and its war on coal, force Congress and the President to approve any new EPA regulations that kill jobs, broaden energy development on federal land, open offshore exploration, expand U.S. energy exports,
and dedicate additional revenues to debt reduction.
Find out more about the American Energy Renaissance Act
here.
Congressman Jim Bridenstine Spearheads Letter Opposing Lynch Nomination
Over fifty Members of the House of Representatives joined in Congressman Jim Bridenstines letter to the Senate Judiciary Committee urging them to reject the nomination of Loretta Lynch as Attorney General.
Read More
Congressman Jim Bridenstine Votes Against Amtrak Subsidies
I voted against HR 749, the passenger rail bill which authorizes funding primarily for Amtrak. 100 other republicans joined me in attempting to stop First District taxpayers from subsidizing government passenger rail transport
Read More
Statement on Prime Minister Netanyahus Speech
Congressman Bridenstines statement on Prime Minister Netanyahus speech to a joint session of Congress:
Prime Minister Netanyahu highlighted two key reasons that the pending deal with Iran is problematic:
It permits Iran to retain a uranium enrichment and industrial nuclear capability.
It expires in about 10 years.
After the deals expiration, Iran will be able to walk into the nuclear club.
Read More
Rep. Bridenstine on Secret Science Reform Act
I recently voted for the Secret Science Reform Act.
This bill will force the EPA to publish the scientific research behind EPA rules and regulations.
Congressman Bridenstine Co-Sponsored the Life at Conception Act of 2015
Recently I co-sponsored the Life at Conception Act of 2015.
I will always choose to stand on the side of life.
Jenks Career Shadowing Day Participant Vincent Iannazzo visited with Congressman Bridenstine
My office enjoyed hosting Vincent from Jenks High School for the Jenks Student Career Shadowing Day.
Share
[if gte mso 6]>
<![endif]
Copyright
2015 Congressman Jim Bridenstine, All rights reserved.
You are receiving this email because you opted in at our website or at an event.
Our mailing address is:
Congressman Jim Bridenstine 2448 E 81st St Suite 5150 Tulsa ,
OK
74137 Add us to your address book
unsubscribe from this list
update subscription preferences
