
Dear Friends,
Last week, as the U.S. House of Representatives considered a bill to fund the Department of Veteran Affairs (VA), I
offered
an amendment to make it easier for qualified veterans to access medical marijuana.
As things stand, the VA specifically prohibits its medical providers from completing forms brought by their patients seeking recommendations or opinions regarding a veteran&rsquo;s participation in a state medical marijuana program. My amendment would have ensured that no funds made available to the VA could be used to implement this prohibition, which would have, in effect, struck it down.
It was an agonizingly close vote with broad bipartisan support, but ultimately fell
three votes short at 210-213.
I have long advocated on this issue and offered a similar amendment last year. Why? Because while there is no single approach to aiding our nation&rsquo;s veterans, medical marijuana is proven to help in treating a wide range of conditions &ndash; from nausea to chronic back pain. It also appears very helpful in treating post-traumatic stress and traumatic brain injuries that our veterans frequently suffer. It is unacceptable for our wounded warriors to be forced out of the VA system to simply seek a recommendation on whether or not medical marijuana is a good treatment option. We should not be preventing access to medicine that can help them deal with these injuries to survive and thrive.
This narrow loss on the first vote on marijuana legislation this year is a clear signal there is movement and bipartisan support in reforming outdated federal marijuana policies &ndash; including legislation to allow state-legal marijuana businesses to deduct business expenses and to no longer have to operate on a cash-only basis.
While I am disappointed, I am not discouraged. We received more votes on the amendment than last year, with 13 more Republicans voting yes and 10 fewer Democrats voting no. I will continue to fight for our veterans, including ensuring they are treated equitably in having access to medical marijuana.
Sincerely,
Earl Blumenauer
Member of Congress
Please do not respond to this email.
Click here to contact me .
District Office
&bull; 729 N.E. Oregon Street &bull; Suite 115 &bull; Portland, OR 97232 &bull; Phone: (503) 231-2300
Washington D.C. Office
&bull; 1111 Longworth Building &bull; Washington, DC 20515 &bull; Phone: (202) 225-4811
Unsubscribe
