
This is it: Our do-or-die day. PLEASE read this entire email: The Koch brothers are firing up their right-wing money machine to elect more Republicans
LAST CHANCE TO RENEW YOUR MEMBERSHIP AND HAVE YOUR GIFT MATCHED!
Do it now &gt;&gt;
David -- This is it: Our do-or-die day.
PLEASE read this entire email:
The Koch brothers are firing up their right-wing money machine to elect more Republicans and put an ultra-conservative extremist like Ted Cruz, Rand Paul, or Jeb Bush in the White House. It&rsquo;s disgusting!
Meanwhile, we have ONLY 10 hours till the first end-of-quarter FEC deadline of 2015. This is the one everyone is watching.
If we meet our membership goal, we&rsquo;ll have the resources to elect leaders who will pass OUR agenda:
Protecting Social Security and Medicare, empowering the middle class, making equality the law of the land.
But if we don&rsquo;t, it&rsquo;ll be the GOP/Koch agenda that gets passed, and our efforts to win the White House and Senate will be
crushed.
David, this is so important that we&rsquo;re MATCHING all gifts. Will you renew your membership before the FEC deadline in 10 hours?
David&#39;s DSCC Membership Status:
pending
2015 Membership Rate:
$3
(renew now)
FEC Deadline:
10 hours
We&rsquo;re counting on you,
Team DSCC
Democratic Senatorial Campaign Committee
P.O. Box 96047
Washington, DC 20090
Paid for by the Democratic Senatorial Campaign Committee, dscc.org,
and not authorized by any candidate or candidate&#39;s committee.
The DSCC is the only organization solely dedicated to supporting Democrats in the U.S. Senate. This message was sent to dj724530@gmail.com because you are a part of the DSCC&rsquo;s grassroots network. Please add us to your address book or approved senders list to make sure you keep receiving DSCC updates.
Emails are a critical way for us to stay in touch with our grassroots supporters. 99% of the DSCC&rsquo;s contributions come from grassroots donors giving less than $200. We also strive to keep you updated on issues related to the Democratic Party&rsquo;s values.
If you&rsquo;d like to stop receiving emails related to this campaign, please
click here .
If you&#39;d like to make a contribution to support us, please
click here . We are already beginning to prepare for the fight ahead &ndash; reclaiming the majority in 2016. It will take every single grassroots supporter, but we know it&rsquo;s possible with your help. If you&rsquo;d like to stop receiving all emails from the DSCC, please
unsubscribe . We greatly appreciate your continued support.
Contributions or gifts to the DSCC are not tax deductible.
