
apr
3
News from Senator Ayotte's Office
Dear Friends,
As you may have seen in the news this week, the White House announced a preliminary framework that will serve as the basis for a comprehensive agreement on Iran's nuclear weapons program. This potential agreement has enormous security implications for our country and the world. While I will closely review this framework, the devil is in the details. I am deeply concerned that the current outline of the agreement appears to only delay, not permanently dismantle Iran's nuclear program, and there are serious issues that the U.S. and international negotiators must address as they craft the details of a final agreement.
Given Iran's history of failing to comply with UN resolutions and continued deceit regarding its nuclear program, any final agreement must include unlimited, unannounced, and completely unfettered nuclear inspections throughout Iran. Based on the parameters announced this week, it appears that Iran could retain a one-year breakout period that leaves it in a position to sprint toward a bomb should it choose to do so. This framework also appears to leave Iran with a significant enrichment capability, which could prompt a response from Arab nations with respect to their own nuclear programs. In addition, the deal fails to address Iran's regional terrorism, including its destabilizing actions in Yemen. According to reports, Iran's foreign minister has disputed elements of the framework as described by the Obama administration. Further, the guidance released by the administration is unclear about what the U.S. and our allies will require in order to suspend the existing sanctions. President Obama has stated that sanctions will be lifted only after international inspectors have verified that Iran has taken required steps, yet questions remain about what those steps are, how verification would be determined, and whether inspectors would have the ability to go anywhere at any time in Iran.
That is why I believe it is imperative that the full details of any final agreement be released publicly and that the president first allow the people's elected representatives in Congress - rather than the UN - to review any final agreement before any sanctions are lifted by the administration. There is strong bipartisan support for the Iran Nuclear Agreement Review Act, which I'm cosponsoring that would allow Congress to review any final agreement, and I will continue to work across the aisle to exercise robust oversight of an Iran agreement to make sure that a hostile regime that views the U.S. as the "Great Satan" does not acquire a nuclear weapon.
Earlier this week, I enjoyed stopping by the Greater Nashua YMCA to talk about child care and youth development issues. Over on the seacoast, I met with local manufacturers at Thermo Fischer Scientific in Portsmouth to provide an update on bipartisan legislation I've introduced to support advanced manufacturing and address workforce challenges. I was honored to receive an award from the National Association of Manufacturers, which represents nearly 100 businesses in New Hampshire, in recognition of my efforts. Scroll down for more about my stops this week.
Best wishes to you and your family for a blessed Easter weekend. And for those who are celebrating Passover this evening, Chag Pesach Sameach.
Ayotte Visits Nashua YMCA
US Sen. Ayotte tours Nashua YMCA
By Don Himsel, Nashua Telegraph
April 1, 2015
NASHUA - US Sen. Kelly Ayotte, R-N.H., stopped at Nashua's YMCA Monday to discuss several child care and safety issues with staff.
"We invited Senator Ayotte here today to provide her with a little more education in terms of who we are as an organization, what we do in the community, how we impact lives, how we collaborate with so many different partners here," said the YMCA's Director Mike LaChance, adding that he wanted to discuss with her "some of the legislative priorities that we have as an organization."
Ayotte met with staff, toured the expansive facility and heard about current programs and future plans that focus on youth wellness.
LaChance said there were two initiatives at the top of his discussion list Monday. "One is child safety," he said. "As an organization who serves more than 10,000 children in our local community, we want to provide the safest environment for those kids coming through here."
...
Ayotte supported a bill last March updating the 1996 Child Care and Development Block Grant program (CCDBG). Grant money would be funneled to benefit programs serving qualifying low-income families that needed child care assistance.
It was signed into law in November 2014.
The extension of the 1996 law, Ayotte said, is "important for their childcare. It allows working families who can't afford child care support. The Y is a big recipient of that. Obviously, he uses it very well and effectively."
Read more.
Supporting NH Manufacturers
During a stop at Thermo Fisher Scientific in Portsmouth on Monday, the National Association of Manufacturers (NAM) presented Senator Ayotte with the NAM Award for Manufacturing Legislative Excellence.
"I'm honored to receive this award from the National Association of Manufacturers, which represents nearly 100 businesses in New Hampshire. Our state's high-tech manufacturing sector is a bright spot in our economy and a source of good-paying, sustainable jobs," said Ayotte, a member of the Senate Commerce and Small Business Committees.
"I'm working to create a better tax and regulatory climate so that New Hampshire manufacturers are able to hire more workers, compete in the global marketplace, and stay on the cutting edge of technological innovation. I'll also continue to push bipartisan legislation I've introduced in the Senate that would help strengthen our workforce to meet the demand for manufacturing job opportunities in our state."
"We are very pleased to welcome Senator Ayotte back to our Portsmouth site and help the National Association of Manufacturers present her with this award," said David W. Bespalko, President of Anatomical Pathology and Healthcare Market for Thermo Fisher Scientific. "Legislators who support manufacturing advance policies that help us as manufacturers create economic strength and jobs."
Ayotte has introduced several pieces of legislation to strengthen the manufacturing workforce and address regional skills challenges.
She and Senator Chris Coons (D-DE) recently introduced a bipartisan bill to help schools strengthen their engineering programs and meet the growing workforce demands of 21st century advanced manufacturing. The bill would designate 25 "Manufacturing Universities", and make them eligible for a $5 million grant that provides incentives to better align educational offerings with the needs of modern manufacturers. Last Congress, Ayotte and Coons introduced the Manufacturing Skills Act, which would create a fully paid for annual $100 million competitive grant program to strengthen workforce training and address regional skills challenges.
Ayotte also cosponsored the Revitalize American Manufacturing and Innovation Act, which was signed into law in December.
The bill is aimed at bringing together the public and private sectors to accelerate manufacturing technologies with commercial applications.
Read more.
Photos of the Week
At the 15th Annual Starry Starry Night Gala Honoring City Year
Meeting with local manufacturers at Thermo Fisher Scientific in Portsmouth
Senator Ayotte was presented with the 2014 Charles Dick Medal of Merit at the NH National Guard Officer and Enlisted Associations' 5th Annual Combined State Conference. She is pictured with Association presidents MSgt. William Bates (left) and LTC Roy Hunter (right).
Meeting with New Hampshire business leaders on the Seacoast
Warm Regards,
Kelly Ayotte
United States Senator
Email Kelly
Manchester Office
1200 Elm Street, Suite 2
Manchester, NH 03101 Phone:
603-622-7979
Nashua Office
144 Main Street
Nashua, NH 03060 Phone:
603-880-3335
North Country Office 19 Pleasant Street, Suite 13B
Berlin, NH 03570 Phone:
603-752-7702 Fax:
603-752-7704
Portsmouth Office
14 Manchester Square, Ste 140
Portsmouth, NH 03801 Phone:
603-436-7161
Washington, DC
144 Russell Senate Office Building
Washington, DC 20510
Phone:
202-224-3324
Email Kelly
|
ayotte.senate.gov
|
Unsubscribe
