
Click here to view this message in your browser.
April 14, 2015
Dear Hoosier,
Hoosier farmers work hard each day to grow the food that feeds our state, our country, and the world.
That is why it is important that we continue to implement the 2014 Farm Bill, promote programs that encourage conservation and improve soil health, and support the home-grown bio-economy.
I would like to give you an update on my efforts to work with Hoosier farmers, producers, and the entire agriculture community to make sure next year&rsquo;s Department of Agriculture (USDA) budget reflects Indiana&rsquo;s priorities.
Building on our efforts to enhance access to conservation techniques in the farm bill, I am again supporting programs in next year&rsquo;s budget designed to encourage the adoption of important conservation practices. I requested that the Natural Resources Conservation Service maximize technical assistance availability so farmers in the field are equipped with the information they need to implement practices that reduce runoff and ensure healthy
soil and clean water. As you may know, our state is a leader in implementing conservation practices like cover crops, which can improve soil health, enhance drought resistance, and reduce nutrient runoff, but there is still more to learn about those practices. That is why I also requested that the budget support conservation-related research efforts and dissemination of the findings through extension and outreach activities.
Investments in the health of our soil, water, and wildlife habitats are critical to protect our natural resources today and for future generations. Consequently, I submitted several requests that aim to conserve our land, including full funding for the conservation programs authorized in the 2014 Farm Bill; support for the North American Wetlands Conservation Act, a public-private partnership program that matches federal funds
to protect, restore, and manage wetlands and associated habitats for migratory birds and other wildlife; and continued investment in the Land and Water Conservation Fund and the Forest Legacy Program to support public land conservation and ensure access to the outdoors for all Americans. Indiana is a leader in conservation practices, and we hope to see that continue in the years ahead.
Two other areas I am supporting in next year&rsquo;s USDA budget are increasing the production of home-grown advanced bioproducts and bioenergy and a continuation of the Rural Utilities Services electric loans. I look forward to working with you as we continue to move forward with these efforts.
As I work with my Senate colleagues, both Republicans and Democrats, your input and feedback is important in determining what additional common sense steps we should take to enhance our agricultural community and promote conservation. Visit my website
www.Donnelly.Senate.Gov
or call 317-226-5555 to contact me.
Sincerely,
Senator Joe Donnelly
Please do not reply to this email. To contact my office, please
click here .
Senator Joe Donnelly
Office Locations
Washington, D.C.
SH-720 Hart Senate Office Building
Washington, D.C. 20510
Phone: (202) 224-4814
Fax: (202) 224-5011
Indianapolis, IN
115 N. Pennsylvania Street, Suite 100
Indianapolis, IN 46204
Phone: (317) 226-5555
Fax: (855) 772-7518
For a full list of office locations, please
click here .
Unsubscribe
