
NOTE: Please DO NOT respond to this email as this inbox is unattended. To contact my office please
click here
ABOUT
SERVICES
ISSUES &amp; LEGISLATION
MEDIA CENTER
RESOURCES
CONTACT
ESPAOL
For Immediate Release
Contact: Nelly Decker
Thursday, April 23, 2015
(202) 225-9897
Rep. Veasey Re-Introduces Bill to Fill STEM and Manufacturing Jobs
H.R. 2000, the Bridge to Manufacturing Jobs Act, would prepare high school students for college and careers, while closing the skills gap in communities
Washington, D.C. Today, Thursday, April 23, 2015, Congressman Marc Veasey, TX-33, re-introduced H.R. 2000,
T he Bridge to Manufacturing Jobs Act
that would address the current skills gap that exists in America today.
According to the Bureau of Labor Statistics, there are now 4.8 million job openings in the United States, the most in more than a decade. However, many businesses are unable to find qualified workers to fill the positions that they have available. Technical jobs in science, technology, engineering, and mathematics (STEM) are in high demand, but require specific training and education.
This is especially true in the manufacturing sector, where technical efficiencies and innovation have created a market for a highly skilled and trained workforce. While manufacturers employ more than 12 million workers nationwide, according to some studies, there still are 600,000 skilled manufacturing jobs unfilled in our country.
I believe that creating opportunities for our youth to link their studies to their future careers is critical, said Congressman Veasey. That is why I re-introduced
The Bridge to Manufacturing Act
so that manufacturing companies like Texas Instruments, Essner Manufacturing, and Lockheed Martin right here in the DFW Metroplex, can expose our youth to different jobs and fields they had never thought to explore.
The Bridge to Manufacturing Jobs Act
would allow Hollings Manufacturing Extension Partnership (MEP) centers around the nation to compete for funds to develop and implement apprenticeship and internship programs for a consortium of manufacturing companies in their local regions. The Hollings Manufacturing Extension Partnership under the National Institute of Standards and Technology (NIST) has been a great tool for strengthening American manufacturing at small- and mid-sized firms, making them more efficient and innovative.
###
Are you a member of the press and interested in covering the event?
Media is invited to interview the Congressman immediately following his Marc Means Business workday Friday, April 24 from 12:00-12:30 PM at Habaneros located on 140 East Exchange Ave in Fort Worth. If you would like to schedule an interview with the Congressman, please contact: Nelly Decker at 202-225-9897 or by email at
nelly.decker@mail.house.gov .
NOTE: Please DO NOT respond to this email as this inbox is unattended. To contact my office please
click here
UNSUBSCRIBE
|
PRIVACY POLICY
|
CONTACT US
Click Here Click Here