
News
from
Representative
Scott
Perry
April 26 , 2015
This week the House voted on several bills that are aimed at strengthening Americas cybersecurity infrastructure from foreign attacks. As a member of the Homeland Security Committee, Im committed to protecting Americans from cyber-attacks. The repercussions of a large scale attack on critical infrastructure such as the power grid would be catastrophic. However, I also believe there is a delicate balance between cybersecurity and protecting individuals Constitutional privacy rights. Thats why I voted against H.R. 1560, the Protecting Cyber Networks Act.
Recent revelations that U.S. intelligence agencies have been collecting phone records, e-mails, credit card transactions and other private communications in the name of national security are breathtaking in their scope and in their potential ramifications for the rights of our citizens. I understand that these programs may have been in existence for years, and am certain that programs such as these have bolstered our anti-terrorism efforts. We all want to keep America safe and in the digital age we need a wide array of technologies and tools to do so effectively. While protecting against a cyber attack is important it is equally important to maintain our individual right to privacy.
In light of this conversation and the upcoming debates about the Patriot Act, I will soon be reintroducing legislation, the NSA Transparency Act, to require this and future Administrations to respond to unanswered questions from lawmakers about the domestic surveillance programs that have collected a myriad of communications data on American citizens. The bill also would make public decisions by the FISA Court that approve data collection under the National Surveillance Act (NSA) programs. In the wake of numerous leaked NSA privacy violations, we must restore public trust and ensure accountability from the NSA for these programs.
One of my primary responsibilities is to ensure that the privacy and civil liberties of every American guaranteed in the Constitution remain protected. This legislation will improve the process by ensuring that Congress has the proper information necessary to carry out its oversight role. We must ensure that law-abiding Americans are not needlessly harmed by over- intrusive government surveillance programs. Our number one priority must be to ensure that Americans are safe, but not at the cost of violating the founding principles that make this country great. The NSA Transparency Act will help safeguard the proper balance between protecting our civil liberties while maintaining our national security.
I have previously supported other bi-partisan legislation to increase oversight of domestic surveillance programs. The NSA Transparency Act is based upon Democrat sponsored legislation in the Senate to increase oversight and accountability over domestic surveillance programs. Specifically, the NSA Transparency Act will require the present and future Administrations to publicly disclose:
if the FISA Court issues a decision determining that U.S. government activities have violated the Constitution;
when the NSA began bulk collection of communication records of a large number of American citizens;
whether the NSA ever collected location data on innocent Americans using cellular phone technology; and
whether and how many warrantless searches of communications data took place in order to target a particular American citizen.
Sincerely,
Scott Perry
JOIN
ME
ON
Adams
County
Office
22
Chambersburg
Street
Gettysburg,
PA
17325
Phone:
717-338-1919
Fax:
717-334-6314
Cumberland/Dauphin
Counties
Office
730
North
Front
Street
Wormleysburg,
PA
17043
Phone:
717-635-9504
Fax:
717-635-9861
York
County
Office
2209
East
Market
Street
York,
PA
17402
Phone:
717-600-1919
Fax:
717-757-5001
Washington,
DC
Office
1207 Longworth HOB
Washington,
DC
20515
Phone:
202-225-5836
Fax:
202-226-1000
Sign
Up
for
the
Member's
Newsletter:
Subscribe
Unsubscribe
to
the
Member's
Newsletter:
Unsubscribe
Please
do
not
reply
to
this
email.
The
mailbox
is
unattended.
To
share
your
thoughts
please
visit
my
webpage
-
http://perry.house.gov
