
If you are
having trouble viewing this message or would like to share it on a
social network, you can
view
the message online .
CSS
Tweet of the Week
|
Videos of the Week
|
Statements &amp; Speeches
Tweet of the
Week
Video of the Week
On the House Floor, Ros-Lehtinen
Recognizes Florida International University's 50th
Anniversary
Ros-Lehtinen Applauds House Bill Naming Miami FBI
Office for Two Fallen Special Agents
The
US Must Stand With The People Of Ukraine As They Defend Their Freedom
From Putin's Aggression, Says Ros-Lehtinen
Ros-Lehtinen Demands A More Comprehensive Approach To Address
The Threat Of Global Terror
Ros-Lehtinen Applauds Passage of Cong. Frederica Wilsons Bill Naming New
Miami FBI Office for Two Fallen Special
Agents
While scenes like these conjure the South Florida of yesteryear, all law
enforcement officers know the dangers of protecting civilians. The
sacrifice of both special agents and their families is a testament to the
ethos of service in our community. Although nothing will bring these
brave agents back, I am proud to have supported Cong. Frederica
Wilsons bill to name the FBIs new Miami Field Office for them. It is just
one way we can honor their service and sacrifice.
( Link to Release )
Russian Foreign Ministers Visit to Latin America Cause for Concern;
U.S. Must Counter Moscows Growing Influence and Expansion In Our
Hemisphere, Says Ros-Lehtinen
"It is not surprising
that the autocratic Russian regime is working to strengthen ties with
Ortegas Nicaragua, Castros Cuba, and other Latin American nations.
This supposed goodwill tour is nothing more than a play for more
influence in our region. From Russia docking a spy ship in Havana's harbor
to an increase of military assistance in Nicaragua, Russia's
activities in our region undermines our national security. We must continue to
monitor and counter Russian activities in Latin America to ensure that
these diplomatic visits are not a cover for more nefarious
activities.
( Link to Release )
Members Launch the Bipartisan Taskforce for
Combating Anti-Semitism
Around the world,
we are witnessing an alarming rise of anti-Semitism that is dangerous
and complex. Over the past few years, Jewish schools, synagogues, and
even homes and property have been targets of anti-Semitic violence.
Jewish populations are facing increased levels of hatred, frequently
under the guise of political differences or other alibis, but in reality
it is solely because of their faith. It is the responsibility of
everyone who believes in basic universal liberties and freedoms to condemn
this trend and work together to root out the hatred which underlies
anti-Semitism. We look forward to working with our colleagues in Congress
to find innovative solutions that match the 21st century face of this
age-old bigotry.
( Link to
Release )
Criteria for Verifying
Irans Nuke Program is Nave, Inadequate and Dangerous, Says
Ros-Lehtinen
This week marks the end of the second
extension of the Joint Plan of Action. And though no final deal has been
made as the negotiations continue, it is important to take stock of where
we stand today versus where we stood on November 24, 2013 when the
JPOA was formally announced. While Iran may have complied with some
cosmetic aspects of the JPOA
reducing enrichment stockpiles, turning off
some centrifuges
the fact remains that Irans nuclear
infrastructure remains entirely intact.
( Link to
Release )
UNs Annual Bash
Israel Day Disgusting Reminder of Organizations Bias, Destructive Effect
on Human Rights
Todays adoption of several
anti-Israel resolutions illustrates the bias and anti-Semitic views at
the United Nations. Once again, the UN Human Rights Council spends more
time bashing Israel than on the massive and devastating atrocities
and human rights abuses occurring around the world. With countries such
as China, Russia, Cuba, and Vietnam, among the worlds worst human
rights abusers, with seats on the council, it should come as no surprise.
The UN Human Rights Council ultimately has a corrosive impact
on the millions suffering under repressive and murderous regimes and
the United States must stop continuing to participate, fund, and lend
its name to this dysfunctional organization. It is time for the United
States to withdraw from and defund the UN Human Rights Council until it
starts promoting and defending human rights with the highest
standards, as it was meant to do.
( Link to
Release )
Week in
Photos
Rep. Ros-Lehtinen met with college students from around the
nation to answer their questions on a wide range of topics including
American foreign policy, the battle against human trafficking, and
more.
Tell a Friend
E-mail:
E-mail:
E-mail:
Share on Twitter Share on Facebook Share on
Digg Share on
LinkedIn
Washington, DC Office
2206 Rayburn HOB | Washington,
DC 20515
Phone: (202) 225-3931 | Fax: (202)
225-5620
Miami
Office
4960 SW 72 Ave, Suite 208 |
Miami, FL
33155
Phone: (305) 668-2285 |
Fax: (305) 668-5970
Unsubscribe
|
Update My Profile
gateway mail end 