
April 26, 2015
WEBSITE
|
FORWARD TO A FRIEND
| SHARE ON:
Kline's Corner: Its Time Now for it to be All of Our Responsibility
In This Week's Kline's Corner
Shedding Light on Bureaucratic Maze of American Indian Schools
Minnesota Congressional Hotdish Competition
Mobile Office Stopping in Inver Grove Heights, Lilydale
Its Time Now for it to be All of Our Responsibility
Dear Friends,
Every child in every school deserves an excellent education. Significant health and safety hazards exist at America Indian education facilities across the country, including the Bug-O-Nay-Ge-Shig School of the Leech Lake Band of Ojibwe, and after
visiting the Bug school
and witnessing firsthand the deplorable conditions there is no question that many Bureau of Indian Education (BIE) schools are failing to meet the needs of its students. Last week the House Education and the Workforce Committee, which I chair, held a subcommittee hearing to examine the bureaucratic maze of federal government involvement in BIE schools. Among the witnesses testifying was Star Tribune editorial writer Jill Burcum, who was a Pulitzer Prize finalist for her
four-part series
Separate and Unequal, which detailed the conditions of some BIE schools including the Bug school. As
I said during the hearing , we owe it to these kids. We just cant let up. Its time now for it to be all of our responsibility. You can also listen to my interview with Dave Lee of WCCO on the hearing
here .
Minnesota Congressional Hotdish Competition
While working on your behalf in Washington, I always enjoy meeting with constituents and groups from the 2nd district and around Minnesota. Last week, I enjoyed participating in the Minnesota Delegation Hotdish competition. This friendly, bipartisan competition included homemade and unique hotdish entries by all ten of Minnesotas Senators and Representatives. While my entry, the
Not Your Congressional Pork Barrel Biscuit hotdish
didnt take first place, I enjoyed spending time with my colleagues and Minnesotans while getting a taste of home. You can view pictures from the event on
my Facebook page .
Mobile Office Stopping in Inver Grove Heights, Lilydale
I would like to encourage residents in Inver Grove Heights, Lilydale, and nearby communities to take advantage of the services available to them by visiting my mobile office on Tuesday, April 28. My mobile office will be at the Inver Glen Library in Inver Grove Heights (8098 Blaine Avenue East) from 1:00-2:00 p.m., and Lilydale City Hall (1011 Sibley Memorial Highway) from 3:00-4:00 p.m. Staff will be available to answer questions and help you with the processing of your passport, claiming your veterans benefits, or with any other problems youre experiencing with the federal government without having to visit my office in Burnsville.
Have a great week!
John Kline
Member of Congress
TOP NEWS
VIDEO: Kline Leads Hearing Examining Child Nutrition Programs, Discusses Visit to Prior Lake High School
Minnesota Congressman John Kline, Chairman of the House Committee on Education and the Workforce, led a hearing to discuss the importance of federal child nutrition programs. Leading into the hearing, Kline visited Prior Lake High School in Savage to discuss what is and is not working with students and faculty. During my visit to Prior Lake High School, I talked with a number of students about their school lunch program. Right now, the federal government determines the number of calories, vegetables, and grains that are served to students, which means Washington is dictating how much food every child is served at every school meal. That is one reason why students are urging the school to drop out of the program."
Read more .
UPDATE SUBSCRIPTION OPTIONS
|
PRIVACY POLICY
|
CONTACT US
Click Here Click Here