
Friday March 27, 2015
SHARE ON:
A Balanced Budget for a Stronger America
This week the House voted on several budget proposals that boil down to two very different visions for our country. Should we continue down the path of out of control spending, higher taxes, and a more intrusive federal government? Or should we balance the budget without raising taxes, get spending under control, and return power back to the states? I proudly stand on the side of a fiscally responsible budget that balances, and I'm glad to report that is the budget that the House passed this week.
Click here
to read more about the plan. Michigan families have to balance their budget, and Washington should as well.
Weekly Update :
Chaired a Workforce Protections Subcommittee hearing to examine a number of legislative proposals intended to provide greater transparency and accountability to the EEOC
Visited with students from
Whiteford Agricultural Schools
in Monroe County during their trip to Washington, D.C.
Recognized National Medal of Honor Day and those who bravely went above and beyond the call of duty in service of our country
Signed a
bipartisan letter
with 366 other House members to President Obama underscoring our grave concerns relating to the ongoing nuclear negotiations with Iran
Voted for a budget proposal that will help create jobs, grow a healthy economy, and balances without raising taxes
In the News:
Jackson Cit Pat op-ed |
Politics shouldn't stand in the way of protecting human-trafficking victims
Chelsea Standard |
Walberg tours renovated facility at St. Louis Center of Chelsea
Chelsea Update |
St. Louis Center welcomes Congressman Walberg to newly remodeled Fr. Guanella Hall
The Hill |
Texas Roadhouse battles Obama officials over age discrimination suit
Press Release |
Walberg Votes for a Balanced Budget for a Stronger America
Need to Know:
Please visit my
website
for a full record of my votes.
For even more information, please follow me on
Facebook ,
Twitter
and
Instagram .
NOTE: Please DO NOT respond to this email as this inbox is unattended. To contact my office please
click here
UPDATE SUBSCRIPTION OPTIONS
|
PRIVACY POLICY
|
CONTACT US
Click Here Click Here