
If
you are having trouble viewing this message or would like to share it on
a social network, you can
view the message online .
May 02, 2015
It's time to end NSA's bulk collection of
Americans' metadata
The authors of our Bill of Rights
included the Fourth Amendment because they knew that one of the best
protections against tyranny is to limit the governments power to search its
citizens.
Specifically, the Framers wanted to ensure that
the federal government could not issue broad general warrants that
would empower the executive branch to indiscriminately rummage through
the private lives of American citizens
in other words, to spy on them.
Unfortunately, that is exactly what the National Security Agency is
doing today.
No, the NSA is not secretly taping every
Americans phone calls. But it is collecting the metadata
who called
whom and when
for every one of those calls. By themselves, each of
these data points may look a lot like a harmless business records. That
is why in 1979, before technology made it possible to aggregate those
data points, the Supreme Court held in Smith v Maryland that the
government could collect them without a warrant.
But when
those data points are compiled by the thousands on just one person, or by
the trillions on
Americans as a whole, it becomes a different
question entirely. Last year researchers at Stanford University found
that metadata like that collected by the NSA under Section 215 of the
Patriot Act could be used to uncover a lot of private information about
a person, including his politics, what medications he takes, where he
goes to church, and more. In short, this metadata can be used to paint
a fairly complete picture of the private lives of every person in
this country.
In a perfect world we could trust that the
federal government would not abuse this power. But we do not live in that
world.
In short, this metadata can be used to paint a
fairly complete picture of the private lives of every person in this
country.
In 2012, the director of National Intelligence,
James Clapper, testified under oath before the United States Senate that
the NSA was not collecting data on hundreds of millions of Americans.
When it was later revealed that the NSA was doing just that, and had
been for over a decade, Clapper admitted to the Senate Intelligence
Committee that his earlier testimony was clearly
erroneous.
If the governments highest officials are willing to testify falsely
under oath about domestic surveillance, we simply cannot trust them
with the power to construct a massive database of every Americans
telephone and e-mail communications.
That is why I am
co-sponsoring the USA Freedom Act with Senate Judiciary Committee ranking
member Patrick Leahy (D., Vt.) as well as Senators Dean Heller (R.,
Nevada), Dick Durbin (D., Ill.), Ted Cruz (R., Texas), Al Franken (D.,
Minn.), Lisa Murkowski (R., Alaska), Richard Blumenthal (D., Conn.), Steve
Daines (R., Mont.), and Chuck Schumer (D., N.Y.). House Judiciary
Committee chairman Bob Goodlatte (R., Va.), Ranking Member John Conyers
(D., Mich.), Representative Jim Sensenbrenner (R., Wisc.), and
Representative Jerry Nadler (D., N.Y.) are introducing an identical bill in
the House.
Our bill bans the bulk collection of
domestic-telephone and e-mail records while still maintaining the governments
ability to collect necessary intelligence in a more targeted and
traditional manner. And we need to act fast.
Click here to learn more about the USA Freedom Act
Share on
Facebook Share
on Twitter
Washington, D.C. Office
361A Russell Senate Office Building
Washington, D.C., 20510
Phone: 202.224.5444
Fax:
202.228.1168
Salt Lake City
Wallace F.
Bennett Federal Building
125 South
State, Suite 4225
Salt Lake City, UT 84138
Phone: 801.524.5933
Fax:
801.524.5730
St. George
Office of Senator Michael S.
Lee
285 West Tabernacle, Suite 200
St. George, UT
84770
Phone: 435.628.5514
Unsubscribe
|
Update My Profile
|
Privacy
Policy
gateway mail end 