
If you are
having trouble viewing this message or would like to share it on a
social network, you can
view the message online .
HOME
ABOUT
CONTACT
ME
SERVING YOU
MEDIA CENTER
OUR DISTRICT
RESOURCES
April 19, 2015
Dear
Friend,
I'm going to take an educated guess that your
answer to my question -- Do you trust the IRS? -- is "no." Because
you've probably seen the news over the last few years: IRS agents harassed
conservative political non-profits, some of President Obama's
staunchest critics. Agents leaked private taxpayer information to campaigns
and reporters.
Like Hillary Clinton
at the State Department, and more of the Administration's cabinet
members, IRS employees conducted public business on secret email
accounts. The federal tax-collection service even re-hired many, after the
smoke of their investigations cleared. I could go on about the
bureaucracy's brazen disrespect for Americans, all too common in Washington,
D.C. But I'd rather tell you about what I -- your Northeast Georgia
congressman -- am doing in Congress to stop corruption at the Internal
Revenue Service.
The reforms I voted for last week, in the days
surrounding Tax Day, would institute a Taxpayer Bill of Rights to
guarantee Americans a high level of customer service, an alien concept to
federal agencies. Another would ensure that employees guilty of
political targeting would permanently exit their jobs. Another would forbid
IRS agents from using personal email accounts to avoid public scrutiny.
The leader of the "most transparent administration in history,"
Barack Obama, should have put an end to that practice
himself.
I'm focused not only on eliminating misconduct at
the IRS but also eliminating punitive taxes. Last week, I voted to lower
your taxes, voting for a bigger state and local tax deduction and
also repeal of the Death Tax. The Death Tax is a double-tax on savings
that hits family-owned business, farms and ranches particularly hard.
Some in Northeast Georgia must sell their land and assets to pay it, at
the worst possible time, when they're mourning loved
ones.
Finally, I'm a supporter of the Fair Tax, a
more just tax system that would encourage job and economic growth. If
you would like up-to-date information on my work in Congress on behalf
on Northeast Georgians, who deserve to keep more of their own
hard-earned income,
please follow me on
Facebook .
Sincerely,
Doug Collins
Member of Congress
Tell a
Friend
E-mail:
E-mail
Updates
Yes, please periodically send me e-mail
updates.*
*By subscribing to my
e-mail updates, you are authorizing me to send regular e-mail updates from
my office to your e-mail account.
Share on
Facebook
Washington D.C.
Office
513 Cannon House Office
Building
Washington, DC 20515
Phone: (202) 225-9893
Gainesville Office
210 Washington St.
NW, Suite 202
Gainesville, GA 30501
Phone: (770) 297-3388
Unsubscribe
|
Update My Profile
|
Privacy Policy
gateway mail
end 