DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.0 Transitional//EN" "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml1/DTD/xhtml1-transitional.dtd"
Share on:
News Brief
Message from Dave
Dear Friends,
These past two weeks have been a District Work Period, which means crisscrossing the Cascades to spend time on both sides of the mountains.
It was great to be able to connect with so many constituents and local businesses and hear about the exciting work theyre doing in our 8 th
District communities.
Meeting with educators and healthcare professionals to discuss their current challenges and ways
the federal government can help make our laws work better for those theyre serving
was a top priority this month.
A big part of this was the meeting of my Healthcare Advisory Committee which enables me to hear firsthand from a diverse group of healthcare professionals and advocates on the impacts of federal healthcare laws on patients and families. Members of the Washington State School Directors Association also stopped by the Issaquah office to share local perspectives on how the current Elementary and Secondary Education Act (ESEA) is hurting rather than helping our schools meet the needs of our children. It is critical that when Congress is back in session we reauthorize and reform this law.
While in eastern Washington, I had the pleasure of visiting the Cashmere Elementary School to read to students and discuss leadership and learning with them. On the way back from Cashmere, we made a stop in Leavenworth to visit the Icicle Brewing Company to learn about their business and the policy priorities of small brewers.
The district work period also made it possible to celebrate the passage of my
Alpine Lakes legislation
which was signed into law late last year. It was a great occasion to join with all of the local advocates and stakeholders who helped make it possible in the first place.
And just Thursday, I spent the day touring the US-Canadian border and discussing how national security programs and immigration impact our two nations.
Today I head back to DC where we will be taking up several important pieces of legislation, including two tax bills that will provide permanent relief for Washingtonians.
As always, if you need anything you can contact me at any of my offices or email here.
Sincerely,
Dave
From the
NEWSROOM
Rep. Reichert met with the Tacoma-Pierce County Health Department to discuss ways to provide the best possible healthcare.
Rep. Reichert stopped by Q13 to discuss his Blue Alert legislation. Click above to watch the clip and read more.
Rep. Reichert at the Peace Arch during his tour of the U.S. - Canadian border.
Website
|
Privacy
|
Contact
|
Multimedia
|
Newsroom
|
Click Here Click Here