
If you are having
trouble viewing this message or would like to share it on a social network,
you can
view the
message online .
About
Contact
Services
Media Center
Legislation
Issues
Resources
April 05, 2015
Friends,
Let us rejoice for
He is risen! I hope you and your loved ones are having a wonderful
Easter Sunday.
This weekend is a time for reflection and
celebration.
Wrenzie and I are spending Easter with our family thinking
about our faith and how it continues to shape our lives.
Easter
also reminds us to honor those individuals who have laid down their
lives and sacrificed everything for others.
As we spend time
with our loved ones today, please keep our troops serving our country
abroad in your prayers.
Last week, I had coffee with
constituents, toured businesses in our community, and visited the Ralph
Johnson Veterans Affairs Medical Clinic in Charleston, SC.
When
back in Washington working on legislation and make decisions on behalf of
our district, I rely on the input I receive at these meetings and
visits.
Pee Dee Constituent Coffee
On Tuesday, I met with fellow members of our community at
Bazens Family Restaurant in Florence to discuss current federal issues
before Congress like veterans issues, government inefficiency, and
military spending.
A main concern shared by everyone at the meeting,
including myself, is the federal governments inability to address
the big issues facing our country.
Now that the Republicans have a
majority in the Senate, many people hoped to see Congress working
more efficiently but our leaders have yet to unveil bold solutions to our
countrys problems.
Congress needs to focus on fixing the
highway trust fund, making Medicare and Social Security sustainable, and
cutting spending.
The Balanced Budget for a Stronger America the
House and Senate just passed, is a step in the right direction.
Currently, I am working on legislation to reform Social Security and
will release more information on that soon.
SC07
Business Tours
Family owned businesses are the
backbone of our districts economy and play an active role in our
community.
Last week, I visited Charles Ingram Lumber Company, a
family owned sawmill that has served the Southeastern United States in
1931.
During my tour, I observed every stage of the lumber
process.
I was pleased to learn that the trees processed at the sawmill
are all locally grown and come from within a 75 mile radius of the
mill.
Earlier in the week, I toured the Florence UPS
facility.
These employees are constantly on their toes.
UPS has the
technological capabilities to monitor where every driver is at all
times and how they are progressing through their respective routes.
Many thanks to all of our districts employers and hardworking
employees!
VA Hospital Visit
Ralph Johnson Veterans Affairs Medical Center in
Charleston South Carolina provides health care for nearly half of our
districts veterans.
Even though this hospital consistently
receives high rankings for the quality of care it provides, the
bureaucratic web our federal government has created is difficult and
frustrating to navigate.
Many of the physicians I met truly care for our
veterans and some employees like Randy Cash, a security guard at the
hospital pictured below, are veterans and receive care at Ralph
Johnson.
A majority of the hospital employees I met want to
serve and help our veterans; it is the federal government rules and
regulations that make interactions with the VA unsatisfying.
I have
submitted a list of top VA health care complaints our offices receive
and have asked the hospital to address these issues.
When we
receive a response from the hospital, I will make sure to share it with
you.
Not only have our veterans earned the right to receive
quality health carethey deserve quality health care.
There is a lot
of truth in the quote displayed outside of Ralph Johnson VAMC, the
Price of Freedom is Visible Here.
We must always remember that
our freedoms were not free, and respect those that sacrificed
everything to preserve them.
Veterans Rally Wednesday
This years South Carolina Veterans Advocacy Council Rally for Our
Veterans will be held in Columbia on Wednesday, April 8 from 10:00am -
2:00pm on the North End State House steps.
During the rally the
council will discuss legislative issues that would directly impact South
Carolina veterans and retirees. Major General James Livingston will
deliver the keynote address.
For more information, click
HERE .
Constituent Spotlight:
This week I would like to
highlight a true American hero and public servant, Paul
Price.
Ive known Paul Price almost 10 years now.
We both took
seats on Horry County Council together in 2010.
I am sure many
of you know Paul, or know of him; but let me tell you a few things
about Paul that you may not know.
Paul grew up in Mt. Holly,
North Carolina.
He married Judy, the love of his life, on March
21, the first day of spring, exactly 50 years ago.
What makes
Paul so special to me is his dedication to public service.
He
has literally devoted his life to protecting others.
Paul
served seven years in the Marine Corps or as he likes to say,
Protecting the Navy. As if that wasn't enough service to his country, he then
enlisted in the Air Force serving another 19 years and stateside and
in Afghanistan.
Upon retiring from the Air Force, Paul became a
trooper for the South Carolina Highway Patrol and served our community
for another 15 years.
That, my friends, is a grand total
of 41 years on the front line protecting you and me!
After
four decades facing down criminals, enemy soldiers and terrorists, Paul
thought he was tough enough for politics.
He threw himself into
the ring for a seat on Horry County Council and the voters responded
making him the Fifth District Councilman from
2010-2014.
That's 45 years of public service my friends!
Paul is still a
marine through and through. His body and his mind are firm and
straight.
I watched him snap to attention with pride on his face and a
twinkle in his eye when we once met the Commandant of the United
States Marine Corps in Washington DC.
He loves his country, his
family and his God.
My friends, Paul is struggling with some
health issues, but it hasn't slowed him down much. He asked me to
accompany him and Judy to Charleston to walk through the Ralph Johnson
Hospital last week.
As if meeting our nations heroes at one of our
states VA hospitals was not humbling enough, touring it Ralph Johnson
with Paul was incredibly touching.
I just wanted you to
know a little more about this special man.
He is a true American
and a hero.
Please keep Paul, Judy, and their family in your
prayers.
It is an honor and privilege
to serve you and your family.
Have a good
week,
Share on
Facebook
If you would like to reply to this email or contact
my office, please do so by visiting the contact page on my website
here
as this email is not monitored.
Washington D.C. Office
223 Cannon House Office Building
Washington, DC 20515
Phone: (202) 225-9895
Fax: (202) 225-9690
Grand Strand
Office
2411 N. Oak Street
Suite 405
Myrtle Beach, SC 29577
Phone: (843) 445-6459
Fax:
(843) 445-6418
Pee Dee Office
1831 West Evans Street
Suite 300
Florence, SC 29501
Phone:
(843) 679-9781
Fax: (843) 679-9783
Unsubscribe
|
Update My
Profile
|
Privacy Policy
gateway
mail end 