
April 24, 2015
IN THIS ISSUE:
Senator Collins Questions Top Department of Transportation Official
Senator Collins Welcomes More Than 400 Students & Families from Maine
to Washington, D.C. During School Vacation Week
Senator Collins Applauds Maine Small Business Selected As Finalist in
National InnovateHER Challenge
Senator Collins Questions VA Secretary McDonald During Appropriations
Subcommittee Hearing
Meeting with Mainers
WEEKLY COLUMN
The Case for Modernizing Personal Care Product Regulations
By Senator Susan Collins
Personal care products include an extensive range of goods from shampoo
to lotion, make-up to antiperspirants, which are widely used by
American consumers of all ages every day. Under current law, the Food
and Drug Administration (FDA) has surprisingly very little authority to
act and protect consumer safety when it comes to personal care
products. In fact, the FDA does not even have mandatory recall
authority for products that may cause serious harm. The federal law
that ensure the ingredients in these products are safe has not been
updated in more than 75 years.
Understandably, there is significant concern from consumer groups,
manufacturers, and health professionals alike that the current system
fails to protect consumer safety. Individual consumers and salon
professionals should have the ability to evaluate whether the products
they are applying to skin or using to wash hair are safe, just as they
have the right to know that the foods they are consuming are safe.
For instance, propyl paraben, which is used as a preservative in a wide
range of products, mimics the female hormone estrogen, and concerns
have been raised that it may be appropriate only in certain
concentrations. According to scientific studies, chemicals that mimic
estrogen can disrupt the endocrine system and have been linked to a
wide range of health effects, including reproductive system disorders.
Similarly, according to the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention,
short-term exposure to formaldehyde, which is used in certain hair
treatments, has been reported to cause a range of negative health
effects. The Occupational Safety and Health Administration requires
salon owners to provide their workers with protective equipment,
including masks and goggles, when applying this chemical. Exposure may
initially include headaches and shortness of breath in consumers and
the professionals who apply the chemicals, and long-term exposure has
been associated with increased risk of cancer.
The United States has fallen behind in establishing a modern regulatory
process for personal care products. Europe, on the other hand, has a
robust system, which includes consumer protections like product
registration and ingredient review.
To read the rest of Senator Collins' weekly column click here
.
Senator Collins Questions Top Department of Transportation Official
To watch the clip click here
or the play button above.
Senator Susan Collins, Chairman of the Transportation, Housing and
Urban Development Appropriations Subcommittee, led a hearing this week
that analyzed the President's FY 2016 budget request for the U.S.
Department of Transportation.
Given the increase in transportation of crude oil by rail, Senator
Collins questioned Department of Transportation Secretary Anthony Foxx
about the need to finalize the rulemaking regarding tank cars and oil
spill response plans. Senator Collins underscored the tragic incident
that occurred two years ago in Lac Megantic, a Canadian town which is
near the Maine border, as evidence for the necessity of regulations
that would require comprehensive oil spill response plans for all
railroads that transport crude oil.
In response, Secretary Foxx noted that he shared Senator Collins'
concerns and that the Department takes this issue very seriously. In
addition, he stated that the Department of Transportation is working
closely with the Office of Management and Budget to develop a
comprehensive rule that will impact mitigation, prevention, and
emergency response.
To read the full press release click here
.
Senator Collins Welcomes More Than 400 Students & Families from Maine
to Washington, D.C. During School Vacation Week
Among the more than 400 visitors who came by Senator Collins'
Washington D.C. office this week, were 53 students from the Senator's
hometown of Caribou.
Senator Collins was able to talk with the students and take their
questions, during which she told the group, "If I can go from the halls
of Caribou High School to the chambers of the U.S. Senate, it just
shows that you can be whatever you want to be. It's hard work, you have
to persevere, you have to believe in your dream, get a good education,
and most of all never give up."
The office of Senator Collins also gave the students a tour of the U.S.
Capitol and facilitated a tour of the White House.
Top: Presque Isle Middle School
Middle: Ft. Fairfield High School
Bottom: Caribou Middle School
Senator Collins Applauds Maine Small Business Selected As Finalist in
National InnovateHER Challenge
This week, Senators Susan Collins applauded the Brunswick-based startup
Bitzy Baby and its owners, Whitney and Seabren Reeves, for being named
one of fifteen finalists in a national competition held by the U.S.
Small Business Administration (SBA) for entrepreneurs that develop
products and services in order to enhance the lives of women and their
families.
Bitzy Baby is a juvenile products company that holds a patent for its
safer crib bumper design. Their product, the Bitzy Bumper, is an
innovative development in crib safety that provides padding in the crib
while reducing the risk of carbon dioxide rebreathing and suffocation.
The InnovateHER Business Challenge, organized through the SBA's Office
of Women's Business Ownership, started in early March with local
competitions and will culminate on May 8th with the national
competition in Washington D.C.
To read the full press release click here
.
Senator Collins Joins Female Colleagues in Letter Urging U.S. to do
More to Protect Syrian Women and Girls
Senator Collins joined a bipartisan group of women Senators this week
in a letter to Secretary of State John Kerry which underscored the
dangers that women and girls in Syria continue to face in the midst of
violence and an escalating humanitarian crisis. The letter called for
the U.S. to increase support for the participation of women in Syrian
civil society.
The letter also stated, "We are proud that the United States is the
single largest donor of humanitarian aid for those affected by the
Syria crisis, with total assistance now more than $3 billion, but we
believe the U.S. and the international community can do more to protect
Syrian women and girls. It is vital that we work to assist women and
girls in their efforts to repair and reform their society. This can be
done by strengthening meaningful participation of women and girls in
humanitarian response programs, and ultimately, by finding a political
solution to the conflict that ensures women have a more active role in
a political process and expands the role of local women's civil society
groups."
To read the full letter click here
.
Senator Collins Questions VA Secretary McDonald During Appropriations
Subcommittee Hearing
Senator Collins questioned Veterans Affairs Secretary Robert McDonald
in an Appropriations Subcommittee hearing this week about concerns
relating to the 40-mile rule established by the Veterans Choice Card
Program.
Following a strong bipartisan push and Senator Collins' consistent
efforts, the VA announced in March of 2015 that it would adopt a
common-sense interpretation of the 40-mile rule as it relates to a
veteran's commute to receive care. This change roughly doubled the
number of eligible veterans nationwide who could receive care in their
communities and helps veterans throughout Maine access the quality
health care they have earned through their service.
The VA, however, still does not consider the category of care available
within 40 miles of where a veteran lives, therefore excluding many from
using the Choice Program to access care locally. Senator Collins has
introduced legislation to fix this problem.
During the hearing this week, Senator Collins described the challenges
that the 40-mile rule continues to impose on veterans in Maine and
requested that the Secretary provide her a detailed response addressing
the problem and planned solutions.
To watch the clip click here
or
the play button above.
In addition, MPBN covered a question from Senator Collins regarding
Alzheimer's Care:
Collins Criticizes VA for Slowness to Act on Alzheimer's Care
>From Maine Public Broadcasting
:
"WASHINGTON - Veterans Affairs Secretary Robert McDonald was peppered
with questions from members of the Senate Appropriations committee on
why it takes so long for the VA to respond to problems in the agency.
"U.S. Sen. Susan Collins of Maine says the VA has been reviewing rules
that would allow respite care for veterans suffering from Alzheimer's
or other dementia since 2008.
"'I really think this is something that should be finalized and should
not have taken six years and still be pending,' Collins said."
To read the rest of the article click here
.
Senator Collins Joins Former Colleagues During Reunion in Washington
Senator Susan Collins with Former Majority Leader and World War II hero
Bob Dole taken at a reunion of former and current Republican Senators.
Meeting with Mainers
Senator Collins always makes time to meet individually with
constituents - this week, more than 400 Mainers visited Senator
Collins' Office in Washington, D.C.
Here are a few photos from this past week:
OFFICE OF SENATOR SUSAN COLLINS
413 Dirksen Senate Office Building
Washington, D.C. 20510
Phone: (202) 224-2523
Fax: (202) 224-2693
To UNSUBSCRIBE, please click here
DEFAULT TABLE ATTRIBUTES ARE:
DEFAULT TD STYLE IS:
DEFAULT LEFT SIDEBAR IS:
DEFAULT RIGHT COLUMN IS:
Can't
see the images? Make sure your e-mail is set to download pictures in order to see the full content
of this e-newsletter.
April
24, 2015
IN
THIS ISSUE:
Senator Collins Questions
Top Department of Transportation Official
Senator Collins Welcomes
More Than 400 Students &amp; Families from Maine to Washington, D.C. During School Vacation Week
Senator Collins Applauds
Maine Small Business Selected As Finalist in National InnovateHER Challenge
Senator Collins Questions VA Secretary McDonald During Appropriations
Subcommittee Hearing
Meeting with Mainers
WEEKLY COLUMN
The Case for Modernizing Personal Care Product Regulations
By Senator Susan Collins
Personal care products include an extensive range of goods from shampoo to lotion,
make-up to antiperspirants, which are widely used by American consumers of all ages every day. Under
current law, the Food and Drug Administration (FDA) has surprisingly very little authority to act and
protect consumer safety when it comes to personal care products. In fact, the FDA does not even have
mandatory recall authority for products that may cause serious harm. The federal law that ensure the
ingredients in these products are safe has not been updated in more than 75 years.
Understandably, there is significant concern from consumer groups, manufacturers, and health professionals
alike that the current system fails to protect consumer safety. Individual consumers and salon professionals
should have the ability to evaluate whether the products they are applying to skin or using to wash hair
are safe, just as they have the right to know that the foods they are consuming are safe.
For instance, propyl paraben, which is used as a preservative in a wide range of products, mimics
the female hormone estrogen, and concerns have been raised that it may be appropriate only in certain
concentrations. According to scientific studies, chemicals that mimic estrogen can disrupt the endocrine
system and have been linked to a wide range of health effects, including reproductive system disorders.
Similarly, according to the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention, short-term
exposure to formaldehyde, which is used in certain hair treatments, has been reported to cause a range
of negative health effects. The Occupational Safety and Health Administration requires salon owners to
provide their workers with protective equipment, including masks and goggles, when applying this chemical.
Exposure may initially include headaches and shortness of breath in consumers and the professionals who
apply the chemicals, and long-term exposure has been associated with increased risk of cancer.
The United States has fallen behind in establishing a modern regulatory process for personal care
products. Europe, on the other hand, has a robust system, which includes consumer protections like product
registration and ingredient review.
To read the rest of Senator Collins' weekly column click
here .
Senator
Collins Questions Top Department of Transportation Official
To
watch the clip click
here
or the play
button above.
Senator Susan Collins, Chairman of the Transportation, Housing and Urban Development Appropriations
Subcommittee, led a hearing this week that analyzed the President&#8217;s FY 2016 budget request for
the U.S. Department of Transportation.
Given the increase in transportation of crude oil by rail, Senator Collins questioned Department
of Transportation Secretary Anthony Foxx about the need to finalize the rulemaking regarding tank cars
and oil spill response plans. Senator Collins underscored the tragic incident that occurred two years
ago in Lac Megantic, a Canadian town which is near the Maine border, as evidence for the necessity of
regulations that would require comprehensive oil spill response plans for all railroads that transport
crude oil.
In response, Secretary Foxx noted that he shared Senator Collins&#8217; concerns and that the Department
takes this issue very seriously. In addition, he stated that the Department of Transportation is working
closely with the Office of Management and Budget to develop a comprehensive rule that will impact mitigation,
prevention, and emergency response.
To read the full press release
click
here .
Senator Collins Welcomes More Than 400 Students &amp;
Families from Maine to Washington, D.C. During School Vacation Week
Among the more than 400 visitors who came by Senator Collins&#8217; Washington D.C.
office this week, were 53 students from the Senator&#8217;s hometown of Caribou.
Senator Collins was able to talk with the students and take their questions, during
which she told the group, &#8220;If I can go from the halls of Caribou High School to the chambers of
the U.S. Senate, it just shows that you can be whatever you want to be. It&#8217;s hard work, you have
to persevere, you have to believe in your dream, get a good education, and most of all never give up.&#8220;
The office of Senator Collins also gave the students a tour of the U.S. Capitol and facilitated
a tour of the White House.
Top: Presque Isle Middle School Middle:
Ft. Fairfield High School Bottom: Caribou
Middle School
Senator Collins Applauds Maine Small Business
Selected As Finalist in National InnovateHER Challenge
This week, Senators Susan Collins applauded
the Brunswick-based startup Bitzy Baby and its owners, Whitney and Seabren Reeves, for being named one
of fifteen finalists in a national competition held by the U.S. Small Business Administration (SBA) for
entrepreneurs that develop products and services in order to enhance the lives of women and their families.
Bitzy Baby is a juvenile products company that holds a patent for its safer crib
bumper design. Their product, the Bitzy Bumper, is an innovative development in crib safety that provides
padding in the crib while reducing the risk of carbon dioxide rebreathing and suffocation.
The InnovateHER Business Challenge, organized through the SBA&#8217;s
Office of Women&#8217;s Business Ownership, started in early March with local competitions and will culminate
on May 8th with the national competition in Washington D.C.
To read the full press release click
here .
Senator Collins Joins Female Colleagues in Letter Urging
U.S. to do More to Protect Syrian Women and Girls
Senator Collins joined a bipartisan group of women Senators this week in a letter
to Secretary of State John Kerry which underscored the dangers that women and girls in Syria continue
to face in the midst of violence and an escalating humanitarian crisis. The letter called for the U.S.
to increase support for the participation of women in Syrian civil society.
The letter also stated, &#8220;We are proud that the United States is the single largest donor
of humanitarian aid for those affected by the Syria crisis, with total assistance now more than $3 billion,
but we believe the U.S. and the international community can do more to protect Syrian women and girls.
It is vital that we work to assist women and girls in their efforts to repair and reform their society.
This can be done by strengthening meaningful participation of women and girls in humanitarian response
programs, and ultimately, by finding a political solution to the conflict that ensures women have a more
active role in a political process and expands the role of local women&#8217;s civil society groups.&#8221;
To read the full letter click
here .
Senator
Collins Questions VA Secretary McDonald During Appropriations Subcommittee Hearing
Senator Collins questioned Veterans Affairs Secretary Robert McDonald in an Appropriations
Subcommittee hearing this week about concerns relating to the 40-mile rule established by the Veterans
Choice Card Program.
Following a strong bipartisan push and Senator Collins&#8217; consistent efforts, the VA announced
in March of 2015 that it would adopt a common-sense interpretation of the 40-mile rule as it relates
to a veteran&#8217;s commute to receive care. This change roughly doubled the number of eligible veterans
nationwide who could receive care in their communities and helps veterans throughout Maine access the
quality health care they have earned through their service.
The VA, however, still does not consider the category of care available within 40 miles of where
a veteran lives, therefore excluding many from using the Choice Program to access care locally. Senator
Collins has introduced legislation to fix this problem.
During the hearing this week, Senator Collins described the challenges that the 40-mile rule continues
to impose on veterans in Maine and requested that the Secretary provide her a detailed response addressing
the problem and planned solutions.
To
watch the clip click
here
or the play button above.
In addition, MPBN covered a question from Senator Collins regarding Alzheimer's Care:
Collins Criticizes VA for Slowness to Act on Alzheimer's
Care
From
Maine
Public Broadcasting :
"WASHINGTON &#8212; Veterans Affairs Secretary Robert McDonald was peppered
with questions from members of the Senate Appropriations committee on why it takes so long for the VA
to respond to problems in the agency.
"U.S. Sen. Susan Collins of Maine says the VA has been reviewing
rules that would allow respite care for veterans suffering from Alzheimer's or other dementia since 2008.
"'I really think this is something that should be finalized and should not have taken six years
and still be pending,' Collins said."
To read the rest of the article click
here .
Senator Collins Joins Former Colleagues During
Reunion in Washington
Senator
Susan Collins with Former Majority Leader and World War II hero Bob Dole taken at a reunion of former
and current Republican Senators.
Meeting
with Mainers
Senator Collins always makes time to meet individually with constituents &#8212; this week, more
than 400 Mainers visited Senator Collins' Office in Washington, D.C.
Here are a few photos from this past week:
OFFICE OF SENATOR SUSAN COLLINS
413 Dirksen Senate Office Building Washington,
D.C. 20510 Phone:
(202)
224-2523
Fax:
(202) 224-2693
To UNSUBSCRIBE,
please
click here
