
Saturday, April 25, 2015
WEBSITE
|
FORWARD TO A FRIEND
| SHARE ON:
Working with the President on Everglades
Dear Friends -
This week, people around the world came together to celebrate Earth Day. Here in Florida, our environment means everything. Our economy and entire way of life depend on the health of our waterways and coastlines.
That is why I was very honored to spend the day with President Barack Obama on his first visit to the Everglades.
His Administration has committed significant resources to helping us protect the Everglades, and I was glad to show him how important it is to us.
We also launched a new initiative to help our veterans in Florida and across the country.
Rep. Ted Yoho (FL-03) and I are working to help remove the backlog at the VA.
Our efforts to get veterans the timely care they need is ongoing, and I am committed to finding new ways for us to help those who have served this country.
I wanted to share a few highlights with you from the week.
As always, please do not hesitate to call on me if I can be of service.
Sincerely,
Rep. Patrick E. Murphy
MEMBER OF CONGRESS
Protecting Our Everglades
I was honored to join the President on his very first trip to the Everglades.
In Florida, we know how important it is to our economy and environment, and we are very appreciative that the President chose our area to highlight on Earth Day.
President Obama and Rep. Murphy
arrive in Miami to tour the Everglades.
Florida is ground zero for the direct impact of climate change, and during our visit I had the opportunity to advocate for some critical environmental projects in the 18th District and across the state.
Over the last two years, the President has committed almost $100 million for the C-44 Indian River Lagoon South project.
When this project is complete, it will reduce the harm of runoff to the St. Lucie River and Indian River Lagoon by providing water storage and treatment areas.
At my urging, the Administration also committed $124 million to Everglades restoration, which includes funding for beginning stages of the Central Everglades Planning Project and other critical projects in the Everglades watershed.
This effort to restore Floridas Everglades is a key component to reducing the harm to the St. Lucie and Caloosahatchee Rivers from Lake Okeechobee discharges.
You can view more pictures of our visit with the President by
clicking here .
Eliminating Backlogs at the VA
We've all seen the problems at the VA where veterans were waiting weeks, or even months, to get appointments. Since then, I've been working with members in both parties to do everything we can to eliminate the backlog of claims at the VA.
This week, Florida Rep. Ted Yoho and I asked VA Secretary McDonald to allow Congressional offices to have access to the online claims system.
Allowing our offices to see real-time updates on a veteran's claim will help get our service members responses in a more timely fashion and it will free up VA officials to process claims quicker.
My office has helped over 2,300 veterans with claims at the VA, and we've seen first-hand how difficult it can be to get a simple status update.
This is a commonsense solution that will benefit both veterans and VA officials who are inundated with requests.
Sixty-two members of Congress joined Rep. Yoho and me in this effort, and you can learn more about it by
clicking here .
News Updates:
Murphy: President knows importance of moving Lake Okeechobee Water South
As President Barack Obama walked Wednesday afternoon across a parched section of Everglades National Park that looked more like a desert than a wetland, U.S. Rep. Patrick Murphy told him why "we need water to flow south from Lake Okeechobee the way Mother Nature intended it.
Read more from the TC Palm on the President's visit.
Please feel free to contact any of the offices below if we can be of service:
WASHINGTON, D.C. OFFICE
211 Cannon HOB
Washington, DC 20515
P: (202) 225-3026
PALM BEACH COUNTY
2000 PGA Blvd
Suite A3220
Palm Beach Gardens, Fl 33408
P: (561) 253-8433
MARTIN COUNTY
171 SW Flagler Ave
Stuart, Fl 34994
P: (772) 781-3266
ST. LUCIE COUNTY
121 SW Port St. Lucie Blvd, Room 187
Port St. Lucie, Fl 34984
P: (772) 336-2877
ST. LUCIE COUNTY
2300 Virginia Avenue, Room 200A
Fort Pierce, FL 34982
P: (772) 489-0736
NOTE: Please DO NOT respond to this email as this inbox is unattended. To contact my office please
click here
UPDATE SUBSCRIPTION OPTIONS
|
PRIVACY POLICY
|
CONTACT US
Click Here Click Here