
District Update | April 20, 2015
Click here
if you have trouble viewing this email
Critical Secure Rural Schools funding passes U.S. Senate
Im relieved to announce that last week the U.S. Senate passed the two year Secure Rural Schools extension that Ive been fighting to put in place. Senate passage was the final major hurdle to get communities in Skamania, Lewis, and Cowlitz Counties the funds they so desperately need, and the president has said he will sign it into law.
I remain determined to find a permanent solution for these forested counties that is founded in a return to responsible forest management. No one wants to be right back in this place next year, especially when we have resources in our own back yard to help pay for schools, roads and services.
Read more about my efforts to extend the Secure Rural School program here.
Sales tax deduction passes U.S. House - $602 in savings per family
Watch Jaime speaking in support of the state and local sales tax deduction
HERE.
Last week I supported permanently extending the state and local sales tax deduction which was passed by the U.S. House of Representatives by a bipartisan vote.
In 2012, the average claim was $602.
Thats $602 more of their own money that families can keep.
At a time when several counties in Southwest Washington are still in economic recovery, we need to make sure families who have already dutifully paid their taxes can keep a little more of their money.
This permanent extension would also eliminate the uncertainty that individuals and families face each year with one-year extensions of the provision by Congress.
Click here to read more.
Watch Jaime's one minute "Tax Day" speech about keeping the IRS accountable to taxpayers
HERE.
Appointed to Financial Services Appropriations Subcommittee Vice Chair
I am honored to announce that I was recently nominated to serve as the Vice Chair of the Financial Services and General Government Appropriations Subcommittee for this Congress.
From this new post Ill work to make sure that important Southwest Washington priorities are adequately funded and ensure small businesses and community lending institutions are being helped and not hindered by our government
but Ill also be looking to save taxpayer dollars wherever possible.
Click here to read more.
TOP NEWS
CHRONICLE:
Secure Rural Schools Bill, Critical to Lewis County, Passes in Senate
READ MORE HERE
CHRONICLE:
Rep. Herrera Beutler Appointed to Committee Post
READ MORE HERE
COLUMBIAN:
At Vancouver VA, 4.1% of wait times at least 31 days
READ MORE HERE
ASSOCIATED PRESS:
Fretting over Columbia's future: N.W. lawmakers urge river treaty talks
READ MORE HERE
RESIDENT SPOTLIGHT
Life Flight Turned Nightmare
When Milton Lamping, a veteran living in Klickitat, suffered a heart attack last year, he was transferred unconscious by a life flight to the Portland VA.
After he had returned home, he received an unexpected bill of over $25,000 for the life flight. The VA refused to cover it so Mr. Lamping contacted my office for help.
My staff contacted the VA and asked for a second review. As a result, the VA took responsibility for authorizing the life flight and covered the $25,000 bill
a huge relief to Mr. Lamping.
Are you having an issue with a federal agency? My office is here to help! Please contact us at
(360) 695-6292 or by visiting
JHB.House.Gov.
Forward to a Friend
|
Share on Facebook
|
Share on Twitter
|
Permalink
Washington, DC Office
1130 Longworth HOB
Washington, DC 20515
Phone: (202) 225-3536
Fax: (202) 225-3478
Vancouver Office
O.O. Howard House (Officers' Row)
750 Anderson Street, Suite B
Vancouver, WA 98661
Phone: (360) 695-6292
Fax: (360) 695-6197
UPDATE SUBSCRIPTION OPTIONS
|
PRIVACY POLICY
|
CONTACT US
Click Here Click Here