
View in Browser
Video: Deutch Argues for Bipartisanship on Net Neutrality
Last week, Rep. Ted Deutch attended a hearing held by the House Judiciary Committee in response to the net neutrality rules recently announced by Tom Wheeler, Chairman of the Federal Communications Commissions (FCC).
In his remarks, Ted emphasized the need to preserve the Internet as a platform for innovation. He also urged his colleagues against turning net neutrality - an issue of longstanding bipartisan support - into another wedge issue from which to attack the President.
Deadline for Congressional Art Competition: April 10, 2015
Do you know a high school student with artistic talent in Florida's 21st district? Make sure they know about the
2015 Congressional Art Competition!
Each year, the House of Representatives sponsors An Artistic Discovery, a nationwide annual competition in which a winning piece of artwork from every congressional district is displayed in the U.S. Capitol's Cannon Tunnel. The winner will also receive two free plane tickets to Washington, DC in June 2015 for special events held in honor of talented young artists from across the country.
Rep. Deutch Honors 50 Years Since March from Selma, Joins Rep. John Lewis to Co-introduce Voter Empowerment Act
Rep. Deutch gives students the opportunity to register to vote for the first time.
At home in South Florida and at work in Washington, Rep. Ted Deutch marked the 50th anniversary of the historic March from Selma by promoting policies to protect voters and encourage participation in our democracy.
At a meeting of his Congressional Youth Cabinet, Ted introduced high school students to the history of the Voting Rights Act and the challenges it faces today. The event featured guest speakers Palm Beach County Elections Supervisor Susan Bucher and Mark Schneider of the Palm Beach ACLU, who explained the recent Supreme Court case that weakened the Voting Rights Act and why Congress must fix it.
After the event, Ted returned to Washington and joined legendary civil rights leader and distinguished Member of Congress, Rep. John Lewis (D-GA), to co-introduce the Voter Empowerment Act of 2015. This long overdue legislation will modernize voter registration in America in order to prevent fraud, make it easier for Americans to vote, and improve transparency and accountability.
Since the Affordable Care Act became law five years ago:
More than
1.5 million Floridians enrolled in health coverage
sold on the Health Insurance Marketplace's - more than any other state in America using healthcare.gov.
Florida's
Medicare beneficiaries have saved nearly $980,000,0000 on prescription drugs
thanks to the continued closing of the Medicare 'donut' hole.
In 2014 alone,
seniors on Medicare saved an average of $884
on their prescription medications.
As many as
7.8 million Florida adults and more than 960,000 children are now protected from discrimination
due to pre-existing conditions from asthma to cancer to diabetes.
More than
4.3 million privately-insured Floridians gained free preventative health coverage
of services like screenings for colon cancer and well-woman exams.
Rep. Ted Deutch Announces Creation of New Bipartisan Task Force on Combating Anti-Semitism
Watch Rep. Deutch discuss anti-Semitism at the United Nations.
Rep. Deutch (FL-21) recently led a successful effort to establish a new Bipartisan Task Force for Combating Anti-Semitism in the U.S. House of Representatives. Joining him as Co-Chairs of the Task Force are Chris Smith (NJ-04), Nita Lowey (NY-17), Eliot Engel (NY-16), Ileana Ros-Lehtinen (FL-27), Kay Granger (TX-12), Steve Israel (NY-03), and Peter Roskam (IL-06).
"From the streets of Paris to the deserts of Iraq and Syria, the recent spike in anti-Semitic threats and violence demand action," said Rep. Deutch. "Time and time again, history has repeatedly showed us that the rise of anti-Semitism threatens not only the safety of Jewish communities but contributes to the spread of bigotry against other minorities as well.
Congress must to work together to spearhead initiatives that promote tolerance and combat the rise of anti-Semitic hatred at home and abroad."
This message was sent to you from the office of Congressman Ted Deutch.
ABOUT TED
|
CONTACT
|
PRIVACY POLICY
Click Here
to view this email in your browser
Click Here
to be removed from this list