
GA 11 District Update | April, 2015
Click here
if you have trouble viewing this email
Rep. Gingrey Subscribers: Opt-In To Receive My Newsletter!
Previously, you were subscribed to receive Representative Phil Gingrey's newsletter. Due to Congressional House rules, you must opt-in to receive additional updates. If you wish to remain informed
about what's going on in our nation's Capital and throughout Georgia's 11th District, please follow this
link
to add your name and email to my newsletter subscriber list. You can also subscribe by clicking on the "E-News Sign-Up" button on the upper right-hand corner of my newsletter.
Active citizenship has always been the driving force behind a strong Republic, and it is crucial to ensuring our nation remains free, safe, and full of opportunity.
Follow us on social media!
Facebook
Twitter
Instagram
YouTube
Taking the Hill: A Freshmans Perspective on Changing the Culture in Congress
Chaotic would be a mild description of what the first few weeks were like for new members of Congress. As Americans celebrated the New Year, new members from Maine to American Samoa descended on Washington D.C. to begin the overwhelming task of setting up their offices.
Since the previous Congress didnt officially end until January 3, the incoming freshmen were not allowed to officially hire staff, occupy office space, or conduct any official business, until the day before we started our new roles.
As a small business owner, I have some experience in setting up a new business operation, which is essentially what each new member of Congress was facing. However, instead of having months to hire staff, setup and furnish offices, acquire computer and phone systems, process employee payroll and benefits, get websites and emails online, and order basic office supplies, new members had to accomplish all of this within a few short days.
Even though I had already identified the majority of my staff, and arrived with a contingent ready to go to work, we could not conduct any official business until January 6, the first day of the 114th Congress.
Over the following weeks, as things began to settle into place, I realized that all the chaos in the beginning was preparing me for the way congress operates
a perpetual state of chaos.
Read More
The DHS Paid Administrative Leave Accountability Act
I recently introduced my first piece of legislation in the U.S. House of Representatives
H.R. 1633, the DHS Paid Administrative Leave Accountability Act of 2015. This legislation would require improvements to the tracking and reporting of the Department of Homeland Security (DHS) employees who are under investigation and are placed on paid administrative leave.
Currently, federal agencies have the authority to grant paid administrative leave
an excused absence without loss of pay or charge to individual
and can set policies governing its use. Oftentimes though, employees are put on paid administrative leave for indefinite periods of time, which has resulted in fraud and abuse within the system.
Read More
Pictured: Rep. Loudermilk and the 2015 Congressional Art Competition Winner, Leah Ruff
2015 Congressional Art Competition
I am proud to announce the Grand Prize winner of the 2015 Congressional Art Competition, Leah Ruff. Ms. Ruff attends Cherokee High School and received the Grand Prize award for her painting entitled, Chevy Man. Georgias 11th Congressional District is blessed with some of the best artistic talent in the nation, and Im extremely proud of each student who submitted artwork for this years competition.
As I walk through the halls of the Capitol, I am constantly amazed by the creative artwork on display from students across our country. While these pieces are all extraordinary, I believe every entry submitted from the 11th District was worthy of being displayed in the halls of the U.S. Capitol.
Finalists from the 11th Congressional District include:
First Place Winner
Student: Leah Ruff
Art Piece Title: Chevy Man
Medium: Oil on panel
School: Cherokee High School
Teacher: Ms. Chris Lambert
Second Place Winner
Student: Kathryn Kampovsky
Artwork Title: Sad Old Man
Medium: Graphite and pastel
School: Creekview High School
Teacher: Linda Nicholson
Third Place Winner
Student: Ashli Melder
Artwork Title: The Forests Goddess
Medium: Photograph
School: Mt. Paran Christian School
Teacher: Joe McSpadden
Honorable Mention #1
Student: Emily Schuvart
Artwork Title: Painted Skin
Medium: Oil on Paper
School: Etowah High School
Teacher: Shannah Dean
Honorable Mention #2
Student: Haley Tucker
Artwork Title: Colorado
Medium: Digital Print
School: The Lovett School
Teacher: Kary Walter
To view photos from this year's Congressional Art Competition, please visit my
Facebook
page.
A Balanced Budget For A Stronger America
The FY2016 Budget resolution passed by the House recently provides a strategic framework for balancing the federal budget in less than 10 years. This ambitious, forward-thinking plan would reduce government spending by $5.5 trillion*, call for a simpler, fairer tax code, repeal Obamacare, significantly reduce entitlement programs, prioritize defense spending, and help pay off our national debt.
Of the six proposed budget resolutions, the recommendations presented by Budget Chairman Tom Price and the Republican Study Committee were the only solutions that seek to reform Washingtons unrestrained culture of government spending. While both plans outlined a strong foundation for restoring fiscal responsibility in Washington, I ultimately voted in favor of Chairman Prices resolution, A Balanced Budget For A Stronger America.
Read More
*The budget plan would reduce government spending by $5.5 trillion in government spending, according to the House of Representatives Committee on the Budget.
FOLLOW US
IN THE NEWS
I nsider Advantage
- Taking the Hill: A Freshman's Perspective on Changing the Culture in Congress
KSU Sentinel: Catching Up With Congress
WORDS OF WISDOM
George Washington's first inaugural address:
"The preservation of the sacred fire of liberty, and the destiny of the republican model of government, are justly considered as deeply, perhaps as finally staked, on the experiment entrusted to the hands of the American people."
CONSTITUENT SERVICES
Have you had the opportunity visit our website? We have several important resources available to you, including news releases hot off the press," information on how to obtain assistance from a federal agency, tour and scheduling request info
and so much more!
If you require assistance with a federal agency such as the VA, IRS or Social Security Administration, my office can assist you with opening a Congressional Inquiry. While my office cannot override a decision made by a federal agency or guarantee a favorable outcome, we will try our best to ensure a timely response and help you cut through the red tape.
My office can provide assistance with the following Casework Services:
Education Department
FCC
Federal Communications
Housing and Urban Development
U.S. Citizenship and Immigration Services
Internal Revenue Service (IRS)
Department of Labor
Medicare
Office of Personnel Management
Passport Services
U.S. Postal Service
Social Security Administration
State Department
VISAS
Department of Veterans Affairs
In order for us to begin processing your casework, please take a moment to complete a
privacy authorization form . This will allow us to process your request in a timely manner and provide you with the assistance you need.
Thank you again for entrusting me to serve you - the constituents of Georgia's 11th District - at our nations Capital. If you have any questions or concerns, please dont hesitate to contact my office.
Forward to a Friend
|
Share on Facebook
|
Share on Twitter
|
Permalink
Washington, DC Office
238 Cannon House Office Building
Washington, DC 20515
Phone: 202-225-2931
Woodstock District Office
9898 Highway 92, Suite 100
Woodstock, GA 30188
Phone: 770-429-1776
Cartersville District Office
135 West Cherokee Avenue, Suite 122
Cartersville, GA 30120
Phone: 770-429-1776
UPDATE SUBSCRIPTION OPTIONS
|
PRIVACY POLICY
|
CONTACT US
Click Here Click Here