
Week in Review | March 27, 2015
Click here
if you have trouble viewing this email
Week in Review
Dear Friends,
Thank you for subscribing to my e-newsletter!
I'm happy to share with you the latest information on what I have been working on at home in Central New York and in Congress.
On the Floor
I was proud to support significant, bipartisan legislation to strengthen Medicare
and ensure that our Central New York seniors have access to quality healthcare.
You can read more about this
here .
The House voted this week on the 2016 budget resolution, which I did not support.
I am very concerned about our growing national debt and the effect that unrestrained federal spending will have on our country if changes are not made to get our nation's fiscal house in order.
However, this budget would shift costs for Medicaid and other programs to our state and local governments -- shouldering CNY families with additional tax burdens and doing little to address long-term spending.
I look forward to working in Congress to address our nation's debt and deficit in a more responsible, efficient way.
I chaired a Transportation Security subcommittee hearing this week to examine the TSA Pre-Check Program.
This commonsense, risk-based approach to passenger screening has fundamentally changed the way we screen passengers at our nation's airports -- but we must ensure that the program grows in a manner that saves taxpayer dollars and improves travel without compromising security.
On the Ice
This week, I participated in the Congressional Hockey Challenge -- a great, bipartisan charity event which supports scholarship programs and our nation's wounded warriors.
The Lawmakers won the game, 3-2!
Calling NY-24 Student Artists!
Each spring, a nationwide high school arts competition is sponsored by the Members of the U.S. House of Representatives.
The Artistic Discovery Contest is an opportunity to recognize and encourage the artistic talent in CNY and across our nation.
The Competition is open to all high school students in NY-24, and the winning work of art will be displayed for one year in the U.S. Capitol.
I encourage all high school artists to read more about this exciting opportunity,
here .
Supporting CNY Veterans
This afternoon, I visited ClearPath for Veterans, a community based non-profit organization that connects veterans to our community though wellness, peer support, community outreach and education. Today, they hosted a Vietnam Veterans ceremony, and I participated in a quarterly town hall hosted by our VA.
I have pledged to support our veterans community and will continue to fight for our CNY veterans in Congress.
As always, thank you for subscribing to my e-newsletter!
Sincerely,
John Katko (NY-24)
Member of Congress
CONNECT
IN THE NEWS
Rep. John Katko scores winning goal, named MVP in Congressional Hockey Challenge
"It was a great charity event.
We skated with wounded warriors..."
HOW CAN WE HELP YOU?
Our constituent service team is made up of experienced caseworkers and trained social workers who specialize in helping constituents and their families solve problems with federal agencies.
Please contact my Syracuse District Office at (315) 423-5657 if you would like assistance with:
Dealing with Federal agencies
Purchasing U.S. Flags
Military Academy Nominations
Tours and tickets for your visit to Washington, D.C.
Internships
Forward to a Friend
|
Share on Facebook
|
Share on Twitter
|
Permalink
Syracuse, NY District Office
440 South Warren St.
7th Floor Suite 711
Syracuse, NY 13202
P: (315) 423-5657
F: (315) 423-5604
Auburn, NY Regional Office
71 Genesee St.
Auburn, NY 13021
P: (315) 253-4068
F: (315) 253-2435
Washington, DC Office
1123 Longworth HOB
Washington, DC 20515
P: 202.225.3701
F: 202.225.4042
UPDATE SUBSCRIPTION OPTIONS
|
PRIVACY POLICY
|
CONTACT US
Click Here Click Here