DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.0 Transitional//EN" "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml1/DTD/xhtml1-transitional.dtd"
April 24, 2015
Click here
if you have trouble viewing this email
Empowering our schools
Dear Friend,
Our fight to empower state and local school systems continues to gain support. This week, Senator Jon Tester (D-MT) introduced a companion to the bill I authored to reduce the frequency of federally-mandated assessments.
Families and educators across the U.S. agree the federal governments testing regime is onerous and unfair, shifting classroom focus away from teaching and learning to testing. As thousands of New York parents opt to have their children sit out of these assessments, and as the Senate prepares to vote on updating our main federal education law, I am grateful to Senator Tester, a former teacher, for joining our effort. As the father of three public school students and someone who spent several years teaching professionally, fixing this problem has been a major priority of mine since I retired from the Army.
We are hopeful that Congress will adopt our reforms and put an end to the one-size-fits-all approach to testing. The bill I re-introduced in the House this year with Congresswoman Kyrsten Sinema (AZ-9), the
Student Testing Improvement &amp; Accountability Act , currently has 32 bipartisan co-sponsors from 19 states.
Our legislation replaces current annual testing requirements for math and language arts with the exact same grade-span testing requirements in current law for science classes. This returns federal testing requirements to the once-per-grade-span standards in place before No Child Left Behind, when math and reading assessments were conducted once in grades 3-5, once in grades 6-9, and once in grades 10-12.
State and local school systems ought to determine best practices for accountabilitywhat works for New York may not work in Montana. The Student Testing Improvement &amp; Accountability Act gives us a greater say in how we assess our students and schools, and it permits states to require more frequent testing if they seek it.
I am also fighting to restore the balance of powers within our federal government. For too long, the legislative branch has ceded power to the executive. This trend is most pronounced in matters of war, and that is why I introduced the
War Powers Reform Act.
It is also apparent in efforts now under way to grant so-called fast-track authority to the President to execute the Trans-Pacific Partnership (TPP). Fast-track authority eliminates Congressional scrutiny of trade deals, and I will not support it. Expanding our manufacturing sector in Upstate New York and continuing the renaissance of farming in our region depend on robust trade with foreign partners, but fast-track and the TPP exclude the American people from the conversation about how these deals should be carried out.
In the first 100 days of the 114th Congress, we have focused our energies on policies that empower all Americans. We passed 62 bills in that time to increase tax freedom and energy independence, grow small businesses, and support our veterans and Armed Forces. The House and Senate also approved a package of legislation that contains language I co-authored to fight the disgusting practice of human trafficking.
I look forward to discussing our priorities during my travels across the 19th District. Please feel free to visit with me this weekend during these community events: the Lincoln Funeral Train Commemoration in Stuyvesant, the Rosendale Fire Department Installation Dinner, the Hudson Valley Autism Walk in Rhinebeck, and Seans Run in Chatham. On Tuesday, April 28, youre welcome to join me at the
Career Fair I co-sponsor with Columbia-Greene Workforce New York at Columbia-Greene Community College
in Greenport.
Its been a chilly start to spring, but I am delighted to be spending time outdoors with my neighbors. I encourage you to call my Washington office at (202) 225-5614 if youd like to set up a meeting, invite me to an event, or share your thoughts. As always, my staff and I are also available to assist you with casework involving a federal agency.
Click here for contact information for my district offices.
Take care!
Sincerely,
Chris Gibson
Member of Congress
IN THE NEWS
WKTV:
Congressman Gibson introduces Family Farm Relief Act of 2015
Schoharie News:
Gibson Meets with Constituents in Work Week Period
TWC News:
Statement on Fast- Track &amp; TPP
Mid-Hudson News:
Gibson introduces Delaware River Basin Conservation Act
Register Star:
Columbia County sees farming renaissance
Post Star:
Gibson 'Blue Water' vets bill gaining bipartisan support
WAMC:
Congressman Chris Gibson Pushes FEMA For Overdue Storm Relief In Schoharie County
ON THE HILL
How can we help you?
CONNECT
RSS Feeds
Facebook
Youtube
Twitter
Click Here Click Here