
Can't see the pictures? Select "Always display images" or
view this message in your browser .
(Un)Equal Pay Day
(Un)Equal Pay Day
It is simply wrong that 52 years after President John F. Kennedy signed the Equal Pay Act into law, there is still a pay gap between women and men in America. Tuesday was Equal Pay Day, which symbolizes when, more than three months into the year, women&rsquo;s wages finally catch up to what men were paid in the previous year. Equal Pay Day is a day to call on America&rsquo;s leaders to ensure that hard-working women receive fair compensation for their work. Ensuring equal pay is in the best interest of American families, our country, our economy and our future.
Democrats have long been committed to empowering women to receive just compensation for their work &ndash; and to have the resources needed to fight back when they encounter injustice in the workplace. With women on average making 78 cents to every dollar earned by men, and with women of color earning far less, we have more work to do.
Now is the time for Congress to
pass the Paycheck Fairness Act , a pillar of &lsquo; When Women Succeed, America Succeeds &rsquo; economic agenda for women and families.
Nancy Pelosi
@NancyPelosi
On Holocaust Remembrance Day we recommit to speaking out against injustice &amp; inequality, bigotry &amp; brutality.
goo.gl/gdBzkp
8:44 AM - 16 Apr 2015
To follow Congresswoman Pelosi on twitter, please click
here .
Casework Spotlight
My office was able to assist a constituent who contacted my office regarding a missing IRS refund. After contacting the Taxpayer Advocate Service (TAS), my staff was informed that since the office requested a rapid refund, her funds were sent to a third party bank for processing. TAS provided the bank name and account number, which was relayed to my constituent. Since it was a large refund, the bank had placed a hold on the account. However, my constituent was able to resolve the issue and receive her sizable refund without further delay.
Caseworkers in my San Francisco office work to address any problems or concerns you may have with a federal government agency. To submit a Casework Authorization Form,
fill out the form
on
my website . You may also mail or fax a copy.
San Francisco District Office
90 7th Street
Suite 2-800
San Francisco, CA 94103
Phone: (415) 556-4862
Fax: (415)861-1670
Please feel free to
forward this information to your family and friends . To learn more about these efforts, express your views, or sign up for email updates,
please visit my website .
best regards,
This mailing was prepared, published and mailed at taxpayer expense
Unsubscribe
WASHINGTON, DC
233 Cannon HOB
Washington, DC 20515
Phone: (202) 225-4965
Map it!
DISTRICT OFFICE
90 7th Street, Suite 2-800
San Francisco, CA 94103
Phone: (415) 556-4862
Map it!
