
If you are having trouble
viewing this message or would like to share it on a social network, you can
view the message
online .
Home
|
About
|
How Can I Help?
|
Media
|
Issues
|
The
6th District
A Game Changer for CU Anschutz Medical
Campus in Aurora
Dear
Friends:
On Monday I had the opportunity to attend the grand
opening of the new Gates Biomanufacturing Facility at CU Anschutz
Medical Campusin Aurora. The facility will help elevate the campus as one of
the leading research centers in the
world.
The Executive Director of the Gates Center for Regenerative
Medicine, Patrick Gaines, has called it a game
changer.
Already, the promise of the facility has helped attract
additional research funding, with $120 million coming in from grant funding
for 39 Gates Center members by the end of
2014.
The biomanufacturing facility will allow CU Anschutz and
researchers to take their work and turn it into usable treatments for
patients. That has been a big boost for recruitment efforts, allowing CU to
bring in ever more impressive researchers from around the
world.
I have always been a big supporter of the CU
Anschutz and the Gates Center for Regenerative Medicine. In addition to the
significant economic boost they have provided to Aurora, they are
making big breakthroughs in introducing new cutting edge
treatments.
For example, they are conducting research, funded in
part by the Defense Advanced Research Project Agency (DARPA), with
adult stem cells that will help improve our blood supply for soldiers on
the battlefield.
The addition of the
Gates Biomanufacturing Facility will only allow CU Anschutz to further
their cutting edge research and continue their scientific leadership
world-wide.
I am proud to represent the CU
Anschutz Medical Campus in Congress and thankful for all that they
do.
Sincerely,
Mike Coffman
U.S. Representative
If you would like
to sign up to receive regular email updates from Mike, please visit
this
link
$ 18,336,175,644,321
Share on Facebook
Share on
Twitter
Share on LinkedIn
Delayed, Over-Budget Veterans Affairs Construction
Projects to be Target of Congressional
Probe
By: Gary Boulard
Construction
Reporter
Published April 10, 2015
After
months of delays and cost overruns, a $1.7 billion project in Aurora,
Colorado to build a new Veterans Administration hospital may soon be
back on track. During a visit to the Aurora site, VA Deputy Secretary
Sloan Gibson acknowledged that his department was ceding control of the
project to the U.S. Army Corps of Engineers in the hope that
construction on the 182-bed facility could continue, with a target completion
date of sometime in 2017.
Its a
move that Colorado Congressman
Mike Coffman , one of the
most vocal critics of the way the VA has handled the Aurora project,
welcomes.
The VA is not capable of
building major hospitals on time and within budget, he says. At the
same time
Coffman
lauds the Corps of Engineers for
having a track record of handling major construction projects in a
timely manner and within budget.
Gibson
also alluded to the fact that the Aurora facility, which could
ultimately include more than a dozen structures, was scheduled to open this
month, and that the initial cost estimate for the project had been a
significantly lower $630 million.
I
apologize to veterans and I apologize to the American taxpayers for
the delay and the added cost, he said.
The Aurora project is, in fact, one of four current or recent VA
hospital projects winning headlines for falling substantially behind
announced construction schedules and costing significantly more in the
process. A $665 million new VA hospital that has opened in phases this
year in Orlando ended up being $362 million over budget. A new VA
hospital in North Las Vegas opened in 2012 at a cost of more than $1
billionroughly $260 million over budget.
Meanwhile work on a new VA hospital in New Orleans, which is ongoing
and not expected to be completed until early 2016, some 14 months
later than its announced completion date, now has an estimated price tag
in excess of $1.5 billion, far more than its original $625 million
estimate.
There is not really
an exact connecting thread to explain the cost overruns for all of
these projects, says David Wise, the author of a U.S. Government
Accountability Office report detailing cost and schedule overruns at each of
the sites.
They all have
differences and they all have similarities. But we did see problems regarding
change orders on these projects, continues Wise. Federal regulations
require that change orders have to be processed and approved in a
timely manner.
In our report we talked
about how the VA procedures were very time-consuming, requiring
reviews of multiple organizational levels. That process, says Wise, led
to delays. It was sometimes months before a change order would be
approved.
The fallout from the delayed
projects has been intense.
Coffman , in fact, has
suggested that all VA employee bonuses, thought to equal at least $360
million, should be cancelled by Congress, with the money used for
finishing the Aurora hospital.
That
proposal, says
Coffman
spokesman Tyler Sandberg, sparked an
avalanche of e-mails and phone calls to the Congressmans office. We
literally filled 100 pages of constituent responses and
overwhelmingly they told us they just want the hospital built, that is the
underlying sentiment, but they also want accountability, says
Sandberg.
Very few people said they wanted to
just raise the spending cap and get it done, adds Sandberg. They said
get it done, but things need to change, this should not be done to our
area veterans and our nations taxpayers.
The ongoing VA project problems, in turn, have prompted some
builders to think twice about doing VA work, says Brian Turmail. Our
government affairs folks have had conversations talking about serious
and significant concerns with the way the VA has handled their
construction program, says Turmail, senior executive director of public
affairs with the Associated General Contractors of
America.
A number of our members have told us in
confidence that they wont even bid on a VA project, adds Turmail,and these
are large national and multinational firms that are saying this. They
have had bad experiences with VA construction programs in the past
and decided that it is just not worth the effort to get
involved.
Wise notes that two initiatives coming
out of the VA regarding its construction projects, a Construction
Review Council to oversee the development of its real property programs,
and a new delivery method called Integrated Design and Construction,
both came into existence after the Aurora project was already underway,
and so were less than effective.
But
both the council and delivery method are expected to be applied for
future VA construction projects, with the hope of eliminating the kind
of problems that have plagued the Orlando, Las Vegas, New Orleans and
Aurora projects.
When the
contractors are not involved in the design, the impact is that it causes
problems when they go to formulate their bids, they are bidding on a design
that hasnt been finalized, says Wise.
And that, adds Wise, just results in more change orders and
resulting delays and costs.
COLORADO ACADEMY INFORMATION
DAY
Saturday, April 25,
2015
1:00 PM
4:00
PM
Learn about the academy nomination process from the Congressional
offices and meet representatives and cadets from:
Reserve Officer
Training Corps
U.S. Air Force
Academy
U.S. Coast Guard
U.S. Merchant Marine
Academy
U.S. Military Academy at West
Point
U.S. Naval Academy at Annapolis
Denver South High
School
1700 East Louisiana
Avenue
Denver, CO
80210
GOP Congressman Mike
Coffman Keeps Up Latino Out Reach- Long After
Re-Elecetion
By: Elizabeth
Llorente
Fox News Latino
Published April 6,
2015
Congressman
Mike Coffman
has been
studying Spanish for less than two years, but he launches into it with the
seeming comfort and ability of a veteran
speaker.
The Colorado Republican, who won re-election in 2014
in what was considered the most competitive House race in the country,
drew some skepticism when he began taking Spanish and going to Latino
neighborhoods and adopting a more moderate view of issues such as
comprehensive immigration reform.
His
districts boundaries were redrawn in 2011, after the Census came out a
year earlier, and suddenly the predominantly white, Republican area
was ethnically diverse
including 20 percent Latino
and was winnable
by a Democrat.
That made last
year's mid-term election, as Politico put it, "a proxy war for the
national Democratic and Republican parties" in the battle for the growing
Latino electorate.
Coffman , 60, does not deny that the need to reach out to Latinos, a
community he concedes that he knew very little about, was non-negotiable
if he was to remain in Congress.
But
what began as a survival tactic,
Coffman
said,
developed into a genuine interest and respect for Latinos and the Spanish
language.
Where many politicians
drop such outreach and nearly vanish from certain communities once an
election is over,
Coffman , who won re-election in 2012
and 2014, engages with Latinos and studies the language as if he were
still campaigning.
Es muy
importante para la comunidad,
Coffman
said in an interview
with Fox News Latino where the questions were in English but he often
responded in Spanish.
Its a sign of
respect for the community, he said, translating his response to why
he dove into learning Spanish, a language he continues to study
several times a week with his Colombian-born tutor. Its been exciting for
me to reach out to Hispanics, Asians, African immigrants and
learn.
My district totally, dramatically
changed,
Coffman
said. I lost a lot of my more
Republican areas, and got a heavy immigrant
population.
Suddenly, he was addressing issues such as
immigration from a perspective he had lacked before.
Now, he was formulating his views and ideas after speaking
directly
without translators
in Spanish to families separated after
deportations, and undocumented youths who had been in the United States
since they were children and shared with him their despair over not
being able to go to college or get a drivers license because of
actions their parents had taken.
Coffman
says he was taken aback by the chilly reaction he got
at first by some Latinos and Asians to whom he made
overtures.
They said to me that Republicans were
anti-immigrant, he said, that was the Republican Partys image even
among legal immigrants. That surprised me as I was
campaigning.
Coffman
and Romanoff made
national headlines with their decision to hold an all-Spanish
televised debate, a rarity in the country. Univision promoted it weeks ahead
of time, something that
Coffman
says made him more
known to Latinos in his district.
The
Coffman
success in a diverse district has the
national Republican Party watching closely.
The Republican National Committee is holding
Coffman
up as a model for the kind of engagement Republicans must employ if
they are to turn around their image among
Latinos.
At the RNC were leading by example, while shining a
spotlight on leaders who go the extra mile," RNC Chairman Reince
Priebus told a large audience at an annual U.S. Hispanic Chamber of
Commerce summit in Washington D.C. last month.
Like Congressman
Mike Coffman
in Colorado. He
was first elected to Colorados sixth district in 2008. When that
district was redrawn after 2010, he found he had an even larger
Spanish-speaking constituency," Priebus said. For Congressman
Coffman , communicating with these constituents was important. He
wanted to do his part. So he took intensive Spanish courses, and in the
last election, he even participated in a Spanish language debate on
Univision. And hes still continuing his classes."
In states like Colorado and Florida, that work made an
important difference in securing Republican
victories."
Coffman
has softened his stance on
immigration. In the past he expressed opposition to giving
undocumented immigrants a break, and did not support the DREAM
Act.
Now he supports allowing immigrants who were
brought to the United States as children a chance to legalize if, among
other things, they are willing to join the military or go to
college.
They were brought here through no
fault of their own, and this is the only country many of them really
know,
Coffman
said.
Other undocumented immigrants, he said, should have an opportunity to
obtain work visas and pay taxes.
It cant be done by executive order however,
Coffman
said. It has to be done by Congress.
But neither the Democrats nor his own party seem to have the will
to address immigration in a rational, efficient way, he
said.
For Democrats, its all or nothing,
Coffman
said. Republicans want a step-by-step approach
to reforming immigration, but they seem unwilling to take a first
step.
He is working with colleagues
such as Rep. Carlos Curbelo, a Florida Republican, on measures that would
give some immigrants a chance to legalize their status if they meet
strict criteria.
We need to come up
with a version of the DREAM Act that is acceptable to both parties,
he said.
We need a system where
people can go back and forth, bring them out of the shadows, let them
work here, he said. We need to get something done on immigration
reform, something that is aligned with our economic needs, and we need to
be compassionate about keeping families together. Its important going
into 2016.
During the campaign for
re-election last year, Democrats accused
Coffman
of
being insincere.
The Democratic
Congressional Campaign Committee said his change of heart on some issues
of importance to Latinos amounted to a "political deathbed
conversion.
Mike Coffman ,
from his record and his past, has shown that hes not on the right side
on immigration, said Rick Palacio, the Colorado Democratic Party
chairman, to Politico. Going from that extreme to trying to soften his
stance says to me and to a lot of people in Colorado that hes a
political opportunist.
Coffman
dismissed the criticism, saying that many of his GOP
colleagues, like many Americans in general, were modifying their views on the
complex issue of immigration.
Bob
Martinez, a former Colorado Republican Party chairman who often pushed
for his party to be open-minded on immigration, defended
Coffman's
altered views.
I
think its good. Im hoping a lot of Republican politicians realize how
damaging to the party [the issue has] been, Martinez said to Politico.
Mike Coffman
has made a 180-degree evolution on this
issue.
I think its fantastic.
Had
Coffman
not changed, Martinez added, I think it
would have put him in jeopardy.
For now,
Coffman
continues immersing himself in the
Latino cultures and Spanish language.
He listens to Rosetta Stone lessons on flights between Washington D.C.
and Colorado. He watches Sabado Gigante and Spanish-language news
shows. And he regularly meets with Latinos groups and officials of the
Mexican consulate.
This summer, he
plans to attend an intensive Spanish-language class in
Mexico.
If it goes well, he said, Ill do it
again for a longer time.
Washington Office
2443 Rayburn HOB
Washington, D.C. 20515
Phone: (202)
225-7882
Fax: (202)
226-4623
District
Office
Cherry Creek Place IV
3300 S.
Parker Road, Suite #305
Aurora,
CO 80014
Phone: (720)
748-7514
Fax: (720) 748-7680
Unsubscribe
|
Update My Profile
|
Privacy Policy
