
[if (gte mso 9)]>
<![endif]
Rep. Bob Goodlatte
A Balanced Budget for a
Stronger America
An opportunity economy starts with a budget that leads to balance. The House of
Representatives sent a strong message just a few days ago that a balanced budget is a top priority. We all know the status quo is not working anymore.
That&rsquo;s why I voted in support of a budget plan that will help build a stronger America by balancing the budget, making real efforts to reduce
the deficit, and repealing Obamacare in full.
The
House passed budget
is definitely not the status quo. Unlike the
President&rsquo;s budget, which would
never
balance, this budget leads to balance and holds the federal government accountable to the
taxpayers. It focuses on strengthening Medicare for seniors and provides for the safety of our nation by making defense a priority. It also embraces
the policies I have put forth on tax reform and encourages passage of a balanced budget amendment to the U.S. Constitution.
As I have done in the past, I also cast my vote for the tightest, most fiscally responsible budget
offered. The Republican Study Committee&rsquo;s budget alternative would balance in just six years. In addition to supporting a balanced budget
amendment, this budget included references to several bills I have introduced, including the
RFS Elimination Act
(H.R. 703) to repeal the ethanol
mandate and
H. Res. 26
expressing opposition to the Obama
Administration&rsquo;s college ratings system. It also referred to the
Tax Code Termination Act
(H.R. 27) and made a
recommendation that the House enact this legislation as part of pro-growth, pro-taxpayer reforms to the tax code. Unfortunately, this budget
alternative did not pass.
Without a budget that balances,
there is no end to the spending that will saddle future generations with perpetual debt. Addressing the serious challenges faced by our nation demands
bold proposals, and I would encourage the House and Senate to work together to get spending under control now. There is no doubt that Congress must
act to rein in federal spending, and enacting a responsible budget like the one passed by the House is a challenge that lawmakers must accept. The
budget blueprint passed by the House is just one step forward in ensuring a healthy American economy that encourages job creation now and for
generations to come.
Read my full weekly
column.
Troubling DEA Misconduct Calls for
Answers
Reports
surfaced this week of serious misconduct by Drug
Enforcement Administration agents who allegedly engaged with prostitutes hired by drug cartels in Cartagena, Colombia while Colombian police officers
watched their weapons and property.
Not only is this risky behavior unacceptable and unbecoming of federal law enforcement officers, it could also
have compromised the agents&rsquo; mission. We must ensure that everyone involved is appropriately held accountable for their actions. I
spoke to CBS News
about the need for more answers and
accountability:
Click here to view the video.
Mark Your
Calendar!
-- The City of Roanoke will hold a
Career, Lifestyle and Financial Fitness Fair
in conjunction with my office as well as Congressman Morgan Griffith on Monday, April 27, from 8:30 a.m. until 1 p.m., at the Berglund Center in the
Special Events Hall located at 710 Williamson Rd. This is a positive event that will help connect individuals in the Roanoke Valley with job
opportunities and other services. I look forward to this event on April 27th and hope that folks will take advantage of the many resources
available.
Photos from the Week: Meeting with exchange
students studying in the Sixth District (top); greeting FCC Chairman Wheeler at a hearing; meeting with Mikayla and other members of the Arthritis
Foundation from Virginia.
# # #
www.Goodlatte.House.Gov
This message was
generated from an unattended mailbox.
Should you have further questions, please visit the &quot; Contact Bob &quot;
section of my website or call my office at (202) 225-5431.
This message was intended for:
dj724530@gmail.com
You were added to the system November 2, 2013.
For more information
click here .
Update your preferences
Unsubscribe
|
Unsubscribe via email
