
Mail begin
If you are having trouble viewing this message or would
like to share it on a social network, you can
view the message online .
HTML
Tweet of the
Week
|
Videos of the Week
|
Statements &amp; Speeches
Tweet of the
Week
Video of the Week
Ros-Lehtinen
Highlights Advances In Neuroscience Research in South Florida On The House
Floor
On The House Floor,
Ros-Lehtinen Acknowledges Dr. Erick Heck's Distinguished Teaching Career At
Miami Senior High School
Ros-Lehtinen Demands More Oversight For American Humanitarian Aid Given To The
Syrian People
Americans Must Ask
Questions Of The Administration's Handling Of The Stituation In The
Middle East, Says Ros-Lehtinen
On
FoxNews, Ros-Lehtinen Says That A Nuclear Iran Is An Existential Threat To
Israel
Ros-Lehtinen Questions
Officials From The State Department And The Treasury Regarding The
Administration's Plans For Iran Deal And Palestinian Statehood At
UN
Democracy Suffers Yet Another Setback With Return Of
Maduros Decree Powers In Venezuela, Says
Ros-Lehtinen
By making another power grab through decree, Maduro is
attempting to distract away from the reality that it is his own
disastrous policies that have caused Venezuelas economy to spiral out of
control. This is all smoke and mirrors from Maduro, arguing he needs these
decree powers to counter the sanctions that the Obama administration
just levied against members of his corrupt regime. The truth is the
sanctions imposed by the U.S. did not impact the people of Venezuela nor
the economy, but rather targeted specific human rights violators
within the regime
but these thugs never let the truth stand in the way
of a good story.
( Link To
Release )
Iranian Threat To The Western
Hemisphere Continues To Be Played Down
"Two
years ago, these two subcommittees held a similar joint hearing to
discuss the State Departments report on Irans influence in Latin
America
that you spearheaded, Mr. Chairman. Our assessment then - that
the report was woefully inadequate, that State did not follow the law as
required, and that our Federal agencies lack a coherent and detailed
strategy to combat Iran in the Hemisphere - was confirmed by a GAO
report published last year. It is simply unacceptable for our
administration to ignore the threats in the region simply because the President,
in my opinion, wishes to forge a foreign policy legacy, whether it be
with Cuba or Iran. State should immediately provide our subcommittees
with the missing information on Irans activities in the Western
Hemisphere and explain why the information was not included in the first
place."
( Link To
Release )
Ros-Lehtinen,
Cruz, Diaz-Balart, Sires, And Curbelo Cite Castro Espionage
Apparatus, National Security Risk, In Opposing Opening Of Cuban Embassy In
Washington, DC
Washington, DC)
U.S. Rep. Ileana
Ros-Lehtinen (R-FL), was joined by her colleagues Senator Ted Cruz (R-TX)
and Reps. Mario Diaz-Balart (R-FL), Albio Sires (D-NJ), and Carlos
Curbelo (R-FL), in sending a letter to Assistant Secretary of State for
Western Hemisphere Affairs Roberta Jacobson and National Security
Council Senior Director for Western Hemisphere Affairs Ricardo Zuniga in
opposing the opening of a Cuban embassy in Washington, DC:
Contrary to popular belief and the propaganda of the Castro
brothers, the Cuban espionage apparatus remains one of the most
advanced in the world, and is almost exclusively focused on targeting the
United States and keeping the regime in power. By allowing the Cuban
regime to open an embassy in our nations capital, and potentially
additional consular offices around the country, the administration risks
allowing Cuban spies even more access to sensitive information that can
be sold to the highest bidder.
To see the final, signed
letter, please
click here .
( Link To Release )
American Actions Should Support
Our Allies Rather Than Embolden Our Enemies, Says
Ros-Lehtinen
The reason for the lack of progress on a
two-state solution between Israel and the Palestinians is because of the
destructive actions of the Palestinian Authority that have undermined the
peace process. For over two decades now, the U.S., Israel, the
Europeans and others have tried to negotiate a peaceful settlement with the
Palestinian leadership, only to get rebuffed at every single turn. Abu
Mazen is now in his tenth year of a 5 year term as the leader of the
Palestinian Authority, and in that time it has been his intransigence
and unwillingness to recognize Israels right to exist in peace as the
Jewish State that has prevented progress towards a mutually agreeable
resolution.
( Link To
Release )
Week in Photos
Rep.
Ros-Lehtinen welcomed students from Kenwood K-8 Center in Miami.
She
explained how her work in DC impacts the lives of people in South
Florida.
Tell a Friend
E-mail:
E-mail:
E-mail:
Share on Twitter Share on Facebook Share on
Digg Share on
LinkedIn
Washington, DC Office
2206 Rayburn
HOB | Washington, DC 20515
Phone: (202) 225-3931 | Fax:
(202) 225-5620
Miami Office
4960 SW 72 Ave, Suite 208
|
Miami, FL 33155
Phone: (305) 668-2285 |
Fax: (305) 668-5970
Unsubscribe
|
Update My Profile
gateway mail end
