DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.0 Transitional//EN" "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml1/DTD/xhtml1-transitional.dtd"
April 19, 2015
Visit My Website
|
Forward to a Friend
| Find me on:
IRS Email Transparency Act
Passes Unanimously
This week the House unanimously passed the
IRS Email Transparency Act , legislation I authored that would make it against the law for IRS officers and employees to use a personal email account for official business.
The
IRS Email Transparency Act
is a direct response to evidence uncovered by the Ways and Means Committee showing that Lois Lerner, the ex-IRS official at the center of the agencys targeting scandal, routinely used a personal email account to share confidential taxpayer information. Such reckless behavior not only jeopardizes the security of taxpayer information, it also allows the IRS to operate without proper oversight.
As I said during debate, Congress has an important responsibility to protect taxpayers, and we cannot settle for just avoiding a repeat of past failures. We must act to ensure that IRS abuse of honest Americans never happens again. The
IRS Email Transparency Act
would do exactly that by strengthening taxpayer safeguards, shining the light of transparency on the agencys practices, and delivering greater accountability to the American people.
VIDEO: Marchant Calls for Passage of
IRS Email Transparency Act
During Debate
Reforms for a Simpler, Fairer Tax Code
The House passed two pieces of tax reform legislation I cosponsored that would make our broken tax code simpler and fairer:
Death Tax Repeal Act of 2015
(passed
240
179 ): Permanently repeals the estate tax, commonly referred to as the death tax, which levies a 40% tax on estates above a certain value when the owner of the estate passes away and leaves it to his or her decedents.
State and Local Sales Tax Deduction Fairness Act of 2015
(passed
272
152 ): Makes permanent the state and local sales tax deduction to preserve fairness for residents of states like Texas that do not have a state income tax.
My full statement following the passage of these bills can be found
here .
Introduction of New Legislation to Cut Red Tape &amp; Streamline Commerce
This week I introduced the
Residue Entries and Streamlining Trade (REST) Act of 2015 .
The legislation would eliminate a burdensome federal regulation that
hurts U.S. businesses and impedes international commerce.
Specifically, the
REST Act
would block a Customs and Border Protection ruling that requires inbound cargo entries holding trace residue from a transported product to be classified and processed before the truck, rail, or ship can be considered empty and released. This would apply to all liquid or dry bulk commodities, such as wood chips or corn syrup, and impede efficient trade flows.
CBP's residue ruling piles on layers of bureaucracy without any related security benefits. If fully enforced, it would add millions of dollars in compliance costs for businesses, create uncertainty for shippers, and lead to greater congestion at our borders. The
REST Act
would block implementation of the ruling altogether. Lets cut the unnecessary red tape and promote policies that expand economic freedom and strengthen the American economy.
More information about the
REST Act
can be found
here .
Help Determine the Winner of the 2015 Congressional Art Competition
The submission period for the 2015 Congressional Art Competition is now closed and its time to pick this years winner. We have received some incredible artwork from the students of the 24th District. You can help us determine who wins the grand prize by rating the pieces online. The online community vote website can be found
here . Voting will close on Tuesday, April 21.
To view a photo gallery of all the artwork, please click
here .
North Texans Giving Back to the Community
I joined the Cities of Hurst, Euless, and Bedford for their annual
Community Powered Revitalization
(CPR) volunteering event organized by
6 Stones Mission Network .
Over 400 volunteers gathered today to help revitalize 36 homes for the less fortunate. I had the distinct pleasure to acknowledge the group and thank the volunteers for their service.
Since 2009, CPR has transformed the lives of 321 households.
What an amazing achievement. I am honored to recognize this program and all of those who came out today to help their neighbors and give back to the North Texas community.
Click the "Like" button and follow me on Facebook to get daily updates on how I am serving you and the 24th District of Texas.
It is an honor to represent you in Washington and I value your input. Please don't hesitate to contact one of my offices or
send me an email .
UPDATE SUBSCRIPTION OPTIONS
|
PRIVACY POLICY
|
CONTACT US
