
Tax Week
Last week was Tax Week.
We all had to file our taxes (or extensions), and in Congress, the House passed several bills improving our Tax system and repealing the estate tax.
Quite frankly, we should abolish our entire tax system and start over with a national sales tax instead of an income tax.
I am a cosponsor of
H.R. 25 ,
the Fair Tax Act, which does just that.
Alternatively, I am also in favor of the flat tax, where everyone pays a low flat percentage of their earnings with no lobbyist loophole deductions.
Until we can gain enough support for one of these innovative solutions, Ill be working to make our existing tax system fairer, flatter and simpler.
Currently,
the tax code contains almost 4 million words . To comply with this complicated code, the Internal Revenue Service (IRS) estimates that
U.S. taxpayers and business spend about 7.6 billion hours a year working on taxes.
Take this complexity, add in political targeting by the IRS, and it is clear that the taxing arm of the federal government has grown far too large and is out-of-control.
I am actively working to find solutions that put more money back into the pockets of Americans and our communities, rather than growing Washington.
This week the House took action and voted on a number of bills to hold the IRS accountable and limit government interference in order to help you achieve financial independence. The most important of which I believe is the repeal of the estate tax, which is a duplicative tax that unfairly impacts family
businesses and many of our farmers.
H.R.1105 ,
the Death Tax Repeal Act, would
eliminate the 40% tax imposed on families when they inherit assets from a passing family member if signed into law by President Obama.
Families should be able to pass on a business that has been built from the ground up without the government coming in and making a profit.
By eliminating these taxes, family businesses, farms, and ranches will be better able to stay in business and not have to be liquidated to pay yet another tax.
My Upcoming Veterans Town Hall Event
On May 5, I will be holding a Veterans Town Hall at the Economic Development Center at Del Mar College (The old Albertsons across from Ray High School at Staples and Kostorez). This event will allow for me to hear from veterans about the issues they are facing with the Veterans Affairs Administration (VA) and other Federal Agencies. I will also share what I am working on in Washington with respect to veterans issues.
At the event, I will have my red-tape cutters on-hand to assist veterans in dealing with problems they are facing with the government. Unfortunately, the vast majority of issues my red-tape cutters deal with involve the VA.
It is a national disgrace our veterans have to come to their Congressman to get help with the VA.
It is more evidence that the VA needs to get its act together and promptly deliver the care and benefits our veterans earned.
We can never do enough to thank our veterans for defending and protecting our freedoms both at home and abroad. I encourage you to check out upcoming newsletters, as well as my social media pages, to receive updates on the Veterans Town Hall event.
ThanksUSA Scholarships Now Available
From now until May 15, ThanksUSA, a non-profit dedicated to giving back to our troops, has begun
accepting applications for post-secondary education scholarships for the children and spouses of our Armed Forces members.
Now entering their 10 th
year, ThanksUSA has
raised more than $10 million, resulting in almost 3,400 scholarships . Texas alone has received 272 scholarships totaling almost $800 thousand. This year, the organization hopes to hand out $1.5 million in scholarships to up to 500 military families.
I want to personally thank ThanksUSA for the work they do for our service members and their families. For more information, I encourage you to check out their website at
www.ThanksUSA.org.
Chairman
@TGowdySC
says he doesnt have the power, but the House should give it to him.
#ClintonEmails
politico.com/story/2015/04/
16 Apr 2015
Executive Branch Employees owe over $660,000,000 in back taxes.
#IRSabuse
15 Apr 2015
I'm working on some legislation to ensure you
#dontgetslapped
by frivolous lawsuits aiming to keep you quiet
#CESOTH
15 Apr 2015
Blue Angles fly across ocean drive Polish Park near my house.
A view from the dais for a morning hearing at the Oversight and Government Reform Committee on the Department of Justice Inspector Generals Handling of Sexual Harassment and Misconduct Allegations.
Another Capitol steps shot of the US Supreme Court. Evening lighting is wonderful. The Galaxy S5 camera is looking great today.
Great photo evening in DC. Library of Congress from top of Capitol steps.
Cherry blossoms from my flight into DCA. River approach is always cool but was really impressive this afternoon. Another shot is on my twitter
@farenthold
CONNECT
IN THE NEWS
Privacy in Digital Age Forum to be held April 7
Rice University News &amp; Media
Shuster: Nation needs long-term transportation funding
Johnstown Tribune
Transportation Committee Stresses Long-Term Solution on Roadshow
Heavy Duty Truck
Rain severely affecting South Texas farmers
KRIS-TV
EXPECTED VOTES THIS WEEK
H.R. 471
Ensuring Patient Access and Effective Drug Enforcement Act of 2015
S. 535
Energy Efficiency Improvement Act of 2015
H. Con. Res. 21
Authorizing the use of the Capitol Grounds for the Greater Washington Soap Box Derby
H. Con. Res. 25
Authorizing the use of the Capitol Grounds for the National Peace Officers Memorial Service and the National Honor Guard and Pipe Band Exhibition
H.R. 1195
Bureau of Consumer Financial Protection Advisory Boards Act
H.R. 1560
Protecting Cyber Networks Act
H.R. 1731
National Cybersecurity Protection Advancement Act of 2015
SNAPSHOTS
4/17- Luis with my office hung up pictures at the Education Service Center Region 2 in Corpus Christi. The paintings and drawings are entries for the 2015 Congressional Art Competition, a yearly competition where high school students from every congressional district compete to have artwork hung in the Capitol to represent their home district.
4/16- My Veterans Field Representative, Rene Coronado, serves on the Management Advisory Council of the Texas Valley Coastal Bend VA Healthcare System. Rene works very closely with Mr. Robert Walton, Director of the TVCBHS, and advises him on Veterans concerns regarding their healthcare and benefits. I'm dedicated to fighting for our Veterans and ensuring they receive the quality healthcare they earned and deserve.
4/16- The Bay City Chamber of Commerce and Agriculture Committee hosted their annual member crawfish boil. Guests enjoyed Matagorda County crawfish, shrimp, fried fish, corn and potatoes. Carol Wootton, my field representative, attended on my behalf. Shown in the photo with Carol is Buddy Eller and Al Capristo from South Texas Project.
4/15- Thanks to Dotson Lewis, who helped organize, teach, and fund (through a grant) the second Veterans Seminar Basic Computer Class. Dotson teaches these Vets computer skills to get them on the web and surfing the net. This class is great because Veterans and their dependents can attend for free and learn the necessary computer skills needed in today's world. Captain Rene Coronado was on hand to join in the fun.
4/15- The 8 th
graders from my alma matter St. James Episcopal School visited DC. We visited the Speakers Balcony and took pictures overlooking the Washington Monument and National Mall.
With the right perspective you can fit the monument between your fingers in a picture.
4/14- The Port Lavaca Chamber of Commerce hosted their first quarterly business breakfast on the morning of Tuesday, April 14th. Joe Humphreys, Director, Small Business Development Center, University of Houston-Victoria presented the program to guests.
4/14 - Students from Trinity Episcopal School in Victoria visited and toured the Capitol last week.
It was a rainy day so instead of taking pictures and visiting on the Capitol Steps we met in the Capitol Visitors Center.
4/14- Sarah R. Saldaa, a Corpus Christian and director of Immigration and Customs Enforcement (ICE) testified before the House Judiciary Committee last week.
4/13- On Wharton County Day Wharton County government students had the opportunity to see firsthand how their county government works. Shown in the picture are students at the Commissioner's Court. They also visited the district courtroom, Wharton County Sheriff's office, and a voting station.
4/10- The Aransas Pass Chamber held a Ribbon Cutting Ceremony for Edward Jones. Luis with my office presented a certificate on my behalf to Kenneth Mills for the outstanding job in the Ingleside community.
WEBSITE
|
UNSUBSCRIBE
|
CONTACT
Click Here Click Here