
District Update | May 1, 2015
Click here if you have trouble viewing this email
Friends,
At the start of this year, I became chairman of the subcommittee responsible for writing the annual legislation to fund Congress, including the security of the Capitol complex and all the construction and maintenance of our historic buildings. In putting this legislation together, my goal was to hold the line on spending and put forth a conservative bill that honors and respects taxpayers.
Im proud to say weve set an example for the whole government.
Overall spending is frozen, meaning
funding for the House of Representatives has been reduced by 14 percent
since Republicans gained control in January 2011.
My bill also blocks pay increases for members of Congress.
Additionally, the bill provides resources to keep employees and visitors safe and ensure that the Capitol dome restoration and other major projects are completed on time and on budget.
The bill was passed by the Appropriations Committee yesterday and will head to the House floor for a vote soon. Click
HERE
or the image below to watch my opening statement.
Balancing the Budget
I also voted yesterday for the budget agreement reached by the House and Senate. Like the initial House-passed budget, this budget agreement puts America on a secure and prosperous path for generations to come.
It balances within 10 years, cuts more than $5 trillion in spending and does not raise taxes. It repeals Obamacare entirely
and strengthens Medicare . It also includes the resources the military needs to defend our country today and prepare for the battles of tomorrow. This is critically important to Georgias many military installations and their communities.
Additionally, by passing this budget, we took another step in a legislative process called reconciliation. This is important because the House Republican Majority has passed many bills to repeal Obamacare, but the Senate has never passed one. The Senate can now use reconciliation to pass a bill repealing Obamacare and we can send it to the presidents desk for the first time.
We must show the American people that the Republican-led Congress will deliver an Obamacare repeal bill to the president.
Serving Our Veterans
Last night, I voted for the FY16 Military Construction and Veterans Affairs Appropriations bill, which includes provisions to speed claims processing, to modernize medical records and to enhance oversight at the Department of Veterans Affairs.
Our veterans should receive the best possible care our nation can provide , and the recent problems at the VA are a black eye on that sacred obligation. Although Congress passed significant legislation to address these issues last year, there is more work to do. This bill will speed up claims processing by supporting hundreds of new staff to help address the backlog, and it will help ensure proper medical care by modernizing the VAs electronic health record system. Additionally, the bill fights waste and mismanagement by requiring greater oversight of taxpayer money spent by the VA.
Funding SHEP, Sinking EPA Water Proposal, Shooting Down Gun Control Efforts
This morning, I voted for the FY16 Energy and Water Appropriations bill, which includes provisions that provide funding for the Savannah Harbor Expansion Project (SHEP), prohibits implementation of the proposed Waters of the U.S. rule and prohibits funding of gun control efforts on Army Corps of Engineers land.
The Savannah Harbor Expansion Project is a top economic priority for the state of Georgia and the entire Southeastern region of the country.
Once completed, this project will provide security for the 21,000 American businesses that rely on the Port of Savannah and bring $174 million in annual net benefits to the United States.
The funding in this bill ensures the expansion project stays on schedule.
Additionally, this bill sinks the EPAs proposal to vastly expand the definition of waterways. By blocking the proposals implementation,
the EPAs efforts to regulate small streams, farm ponds and irrigation ditches will be stopped.
This is a major win farmers and ranchers across the country.
Finally, as a strong supporter of Second Amendment rights,
Im pleased this bill includes language to prohibit funding of gun control efforts on the Army Corp of Engineers 11.7 million acres of public land.
This provision is a critical win for law-abiding gun owners throughout our nation.
Freedom first,
Graves Brings Conservative Focus to Legislative Branch Funding
For Rep. Tom Graves, his role as chairman of the subcommittee that doles out funds for the legislative branch is an opportunity to put his fiscal conservative principles into practice.
Fleischmann, Graves Praise Balanced Budget Bill
Reps. Chuck Fleischmann and Tom Graves praised the budget agreement reached by the House and Senate...Rep. Graves said, Like the initial House-passed budget, this budget agreement puts America on a secure and prosperous path for generations to come.
Graves announces winners of 14th District Congressional Art Competition
As the winner, Mr. Wangs work will be displayed in the Cannon House Office Building tunnel to the U.S. Capitol building for one year along with the first place artwork from each congressional district across the country.
Rep. Tom Graves Featured in Conservative Solutions Book Alongside GOP Presidential Candidates
Rep. Tom Graves Votes to Balance the Budget
Rep. Tom Graves Fiscal Year 2016 Legislative Branch Appropriations Bill Passed by Full Committee
Rep. Tom Graves Votes to Fund SHEP, Sink EPA Water Proposal, Shoot Down Gun Control Efforts
Rep. Tom Graves Votes to Reduce Claims Backlog at VA, Increase Oversight
DALTON, GA OFFICE
702 South Thornton Ave
Dalton, GA 30720
T (706) 226-5320
F (706) 278-0840
ROME, GA OFFICE
600 E. First Street, Suite 301
Rome, GA 30161
T (706) 290-1776
F (706) 232-7864
WASHINGTON, DC OFFICE
2442 Rayburn House Office Bldg.
Washington, D.C. 20515
T (202) 225-5211
F (202) 225-8271
UPDATE SUBSCRIPTION OPTIONS
|
PRIVACY POLICY
|
CONTACT US
Click Here Click Here