
If you are
having trouble viewing this message or would like to share it on a
social network, you can
view the message online .
April 06, 2015
Unsubscribe
Update My
Profile
Website
|
About Doug
|
Constituent Services
|
Issues &amp;
Legislation
|
News
|
Contact Doug
Reps. Bordallo, Walz, Bridenstine, and Lamborn Introduce
National Guard State Partnership Program Enhancement
Act
4/6/15
Congresswoman Madeleine Z. Bordallo has introduced H.R. 1614,
the National Guard State Partnership Program Enhancement Act of 2015,
which strengthens and codifies the National Guard State Partnership
Program. Congressman Tim Walz of Minnesota, Congressman Jim Bridenstine
of Oklahoma, and Congressman Doug Lamborn of Colorado joined
Congresswoman Bordallo as original co-sponsors of the bill.
The National Guard State Partnership
Program coordinates defense and security partnerships between the National
Guard and the military and security forces, and related disaster
management, emergency response, and security ministries of foreign
countries. It provides unique capacity building capabilities to Combatant
Commanders and U.S. Chiefs of Mission via 68 comprehensive partnerships
between National Guard units across the United States and 74 partner
nations with the potential for further development. The National Guard
of states and territory represented by the original co-sponsors of the
legislation have robust partnership program.
In particular, Guam
has a partnership with the Philippines; Minnesota has a partnership
with Croatia; Oklahoma has a partnership with Azerbaijan and Colorado
has a partnership with Slovenia and
Jordan.
For over 20 years, the State Partnership
Program has directly supported the broad national interests and
security cooperation goals of the United States by engaging partner nations
at the local, state, and national levels,
said Congresswoman
Bordallo. The capabilities and missions outlined in this bill
leverage the capabilities inherent in the National Guard and will
strengthen our relations with allies and nations across the globe. The
dual role of the National Guard provides them a unique opportunity to
support Combatant Commander as well as an Ambassadors needs in a given
country. I believe this legislation is necessary to codify current
practices and enhance the program's positive impact worldwide. Moreover,
this legislation also puts in place tools to provide greater oversight
of the program as well as flexibility for the program to develop new
partnerships to support strategic U.S. national interests. I thank
Congressman Tim Walz of Minnesota; Congressman Jim Bridenstine of Oklahoma
and Congressman Doug Lamborn of Colorado for being original
co-sponsors of this legislation.
Our efforts highlight the bi-partisan
support for the State Partnership Program and need to enhance this
critical capacity building tool.
I look forward to working with my
colleagues to pass this critical
legislation.
Partnering with our friends and allies
around the world will strengthen our standing on the world stage and
give our National Guard servicemembers valuable
experience, said Congressman Walz, co-chair of the National Guard and Reserve
Caucus.
Im proud to introduce this bipartisan legislation with my
colleagues and urge the House to take it up without
delay."
The National Guards State Partnership Program is a
vital piece of our nations ability to support our friends and
allies,
said
Congressman Lamborn. The Colorado National Guards partnership with Jordan is a perfect
example of the importance of this program. Colorado Guardsmen have been
building relationships and providing training to the Jordanian military
for a decade
and that training is now being used to fight ISIS. I
am proud to join with my good friend from Guam to support this
important bill.
Contact Info
WASHINGTON OFFICE
2402 Rayburn HOB
Washington, DC 20515
Phone: (202)
225-4422
Fax: (202) 226-2638
DISTRICT OFFICE
1125 Kelly Johnson Blvd.,
Suite 330
Colorado Springs, CO 80920
Phone: (719) 520-0055
Fax: (719) 520-0840
DISTRICT OFFICE
415 Main Street
Buena Vista, CO 81211
Phone: (719) 520-0055
Fax:
(719) 520-0840
Update My Profile
-
Unsubscribe
-
Privacy Policy
