DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.0 Transitional//EN" "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml1/DTD/xhtml1-transitional.dtd"
District Update March 27th, 2015
CLICK HERE
to see the pictures and graphics in this email.
Watch this week's dose
of common sense
HERE .
Balancing the Books in Washington
Dear Friends,
This week in the U.S. House we passed
the Balanced Budget for a Stronger America . The congressional budget is a critical part of the government funding process and marks an opportunity to offer a better vision for America.
Our budget is a plan to get America to a balanced budget and pay off our $18 trillion debt that will otherwise be left to our children and our childrens children.
This resolution can guide America on a path to fiscal sanity and greater prosperity, in part by repealing Obamacare and cutting $5.5 trillion in spending.
The resolution also supports legislation to authorize the Keystone XL Pipeline, recommends defunding of the EPAs Clean Power Plan, and expands responsible development of timber and energy production of public lands.
This budget resolution:
Balances the budget in 10 years without raising taxes by cutting $5.5 trillion in spending
Calls for a fairer, simpler tax code to promote job creation and a healthy economy
Calls on Congress to pass a balanced budget amendment to the Constitution
Returns power to the states
Expands onshore and offshore energy production
Expands access to federal land for timber harvest
Repeals Obamacare in full
all taxes, regulations and mandates
Promotes freedom of choice, affordability, and patient-centered health care solutions
Strengthens Medicare to save the program
Eliminates double dipping in Disability and Unemployment Insurance
Prevents the presidents plan to raid the regular Social Security Trust Fund
Provides for a strong national defense by funding troop training, equipment, and compensation
Cuts waste and corporate welfare and strengthens accountability
Click here
for more information on the Balanced Budget for a Stronger America.
Please let me know your
thoughts and concerns
on the budget and spending as we fight for fiscal sanity in Washington.
Sincerely,
This mailbox is unattended. To respond please
click here
or go to:
http://lummis.house.gov/contact/
Join the conversation! Stay connected to me through
,
,
and
I look forward to hearing from you soon!
Newsletter Sign-Up
------------------------------------
Twitter
Facebook
Youtube
Tumblr
UPDATE SUBSCRIPTION OPTIONS
|
PRIVACY POLICY
|
CONTACT US
Click Here Click Here