
If you are having trouble viewing
this message or would like to share it on a social network, you can
view the message
online .
May 04, 2015
ICYMI: Mike Lee's Idea
Factory
The National
Journal published a profile piece on Senator Mike Lee's work in Washington.
The article provides good analysis of his efforts to expand his
influence in the Senate by creating an innovative policy agenda. Here are
some highlights from
the
article :
"Today, the Utah senator is one of the Beltway's most aggressive purveyors
of reform-minded conservative ideas. While his three closest allies in
the SenateTed Cruz, Marco Rubio, and Rand Paul, all fellow
first-termers who, like Lee, rode the tea-party wave into officehave spent the
past few years raising their profiles in preparation for presidential
runs, Lee has chosen a different path: hunkering down with policy
experts in an effort to shape an agenda that will help Republicans appeal
to the poor and middle class.
"Blending populist
communitarianism with a libertarian suspicion of government puts Lee in the
sweet spot for reform conservativesthat is, Republicans who want to put
forward affirmative policy ideas instead of just fighting big
government. "He's been one of the real policy entrepreneurs since he came
in," says Yuval Levin, founding editor of National Affairs and a leader
of the reform-conservative movement. "He's one of a handful of members
really interested in policy details and in turning conservative ideas
into policy proposals." More than anyone else, says conservative
columnist Ramesh Ponnuru, Lee has filled "the policy vacuum" in the Senate.
"Conservatism for a lot of the Obama years moved away from being a
policy-oriented movement," Ponnuru says. "Senator Lee is playing an
important role beefing up the policy content.
"Ultimately,
say observers, Lee's influence isn't about any specific bill he puts
forthor even about getting his friends to talk up reform on the
presidential trail. Rather, his aggressive policy talk has helped re-energize
debate among his Senate colleagues in general. By putting ideas out
there without getting beaten up, says Salam, Lee is encouraging his
fellow lawmakers to take more risks and think more creatively about
policy. Ironically, Lee's credibility with the right, cemented by
less-constructive antics like the shutdown, is arguably what has made it
possible for him to champion some of these ideas. "You cannot accuse him of
being a RINO squish," says Ponnuru (i.e., "Republican in name
only)."
Read the full profile in the National
Journal here
Washington, D.C. Office
361A Russell Senate Office Building
Washington, D.C., 20510
Phone: 202.224.5444
Fax: 202.228.1168
Salt Lake City
Wallace F.
Bennett Federal Building
125 South
State, Suite 4225
Salt Lake City, UT 84138
Phone: 801.524.5933
Fax:
801.524.5730
St. George
Office of Senator Michael S. Lee
285 West Tabernacle, Suite 200
St. George, UT
84770
Phone: 435.628.5514
Unsubscribe
|
Update My Profile
|
Privacy
Policy
gateway mail end 