Copyright (c) 1996-2015 Constant Contact. All rights reserved.
Except as permitted under a separate
written agreement with Constant Contact, neither the Constant Contact software, nor any content that appears on any Constant Contact site,
including but not limited to, web pages, newsletters, or templates may be reproduced, republished, repurposed, or distributed without the
prior written permission of Constant Contact.
For inquiries regarding reproduction or distribution of any Constant Contact material, please
contact legal@constantcontact.com.
Mike Kelly's Weekly E-Newsletter
March 27, 2015
Follow me on Twitter!
Visit my YouTube page!
Click here to subscribe to my weekly
E-newsletter
My Offices
ERIE DISTRICT OFFICE 208 E. Bayfront Parkway Suite 102 Erie, PA 16507 Phone: (814) 454-8190 Fax: (814) 454-8197
BUTLER DISTRICT OFFICE
101 East Diamond St Suite 218 Butler, PA
16001 Phone: (724) 282-2557
Fax: (724) 282-3682
SHARON DISTRICT OFFICE
33 Chestnut Street Sharon, PA
16146 Phone: (724) 342-7170 Fax: (724) 342-7242
WASHINGTON, DC OFFICE
1519 Longworth HOB Washington, DC 20515 Phone: (202) 225-5406 Fax: (202) 225-3103
CRAWFORD COUNTY OFFICE Every Wednesday 9:00 a.m. - 4:00 p.m. 908 Diamond Park Meadville, PA 16335
ARMSTRONG COUNTY OFFICE
Every Thursday 9:00 a.m. - 4:00 p.m. 300 South McKean Street Kittanning, PA 16201
LAWRENCE COUNTY
Every Friday 9:00 a.m. - 4: 00 p.m. Lawrence County Courthouse 430 Court Street New Castle, PA
16101
Dear Friend, This week, after listening to the feedback of many constituents from the Third District, I voted in favor of
H. Con. Res. 27 , the budget resolution for fiscal year 2016 produced by the House Budget Committee also known as " A Balanced Budget for a Stronger America ." In order to ensure that our national defense is fully funded, I
also voted to support
a substitute amendment introduced by Budget Committee Chairman Tom Price (R-GA)
which increases funding for the Pentagon's war fund above President Obama's requested level and is consistent with the national defense dollar amount
formally requested by 69 of my colleagues and I in a letter to Speaker Boehner last month . Both the budget and this amendment were successfully passed by the House of Representatives on Wednesday. Once again, I am proud to stand by a responsible plan that would balance the federal budget in less than 10 years and rein in our national debt without raising a single penny in new taxes.
The plan would also fully repeal Obamacare -- including all of the law's expensive taxes, regulations, and mandates -- and implement commonsense tax reform to help boost our economy. It stands in incredible contrast to
President Obama's reckless proposal , which includes $2.1 trillion in new taxes, $8.5 trillion in more debt, and never balances -- ever, all while leaving our nation's promises to seniors on the road to bankruptcy.
Above all, I am relieved that our budget will also meets its Constitutional obligation to fully equip our nation's defenders with the tools they need to protect our country, defeat our enemies, and remain the world's most fearsome military at this time of great global havoc.
Sincerely,
PS: As we prepare to once again embark on Holy Week, I wish everyone in Western Pennsylvania a happy and blessed Easter as we all reflect on the true meaning of this miraculous time of year. I also wish a happy Passover to those celebrating it, as well. God bless you all!
Rep. Kelly Launches
House Auto Caucus
for 114th Congress at Bipartisan Kick-Off Event
Kelly is co-chairman of bipartisan group
Rep. Kelly leads the kick-off event with Caucus co-chair Rep. Marci Kaptur (D-OH)
On Tuesday evening, Rep. Kelly joined his co-chair Rep. Marcy Kaptur (D-OH), vice co-chairs Rep. Dan Kildee (D-MI) and Rep. Chuck Fleischmann (R-TN), and other members of the bipartisan House Auto Caucus at a kick-off event on Capitol Hill to officially launch the caucus for the 114th Congress.
Statement by Rep. Kelly (R-PA), Co-Chair:
"I've been a car guy all my life. My dad was a parts picker in a GM warehouse after World War II, who then began an automobile business that has now spanned three generations. I know what cars mean to our country, to our communities, and to our economy. For the sake of millions of jobs, drivers, and families, our bipartisan caucus will be devoted to making the American automotive industry as strong and vibrant as it can possibly be. Together, my co-chair Rep. Kaptur and I are ready to demonstrate that teamwork can still make a difference in Washington for the good of our entire country. Last night's kick-off celebration was surely a sign of great success to come."
Statement by Rep. Kaptur (D-OH), Co-Chair:
"The auto industry is part of everyday life for millions of working families throughout the U.S. We have a responsibility to protect and support this critical industry, which means taking an active role in international diplomacy and the global marketplace. The work before us in this Congress includes fighting for an active role in ongoing trade negotiations to make sure they benefit our auto industry, and driving policy efforts that will position America to lead the world in manufacturing innovation. That is why this Caucus is so important, and I am thrilled to see so many Caucus Members and industry leaders come together around an issue that is so critical for our nation's working families."
Statement by Mitch Bainwol, CEO of the
Auto Alliance :
"It is a great honor to help kick-off the Auto Caucus and welcome everyone to the 114th Congress. The Auto Caucus plays a key role in the exchange of information between the auto industry and policy makers on Capitol Hill. As we continue to achieve greater advancements in safety, technology and fuel economy, it is vital that we educate and work with our friends and colleagues both on and off the Hill."
Statement by John Bozzella, President & CEO of the
Association of Global Automakers :
"The landscape of the U.S. auto industry of 2015 looks vastly different than it did even 10 years ago. We are excited about the reinvigoration of the House Auto Caucus to help tell this story, and look forward to continuing our work together to ensure that we maintain the balance of consumer choice and economic viability."
NOTE:
The U.S. auto industry employs an estimated 7.25 million U.S. workers with 2.44 million automaker jobs, 3.16 million auto supplier jobs and 1.65 million auto dealer jobs. In 2014, manufacturers contributed $2.09 trillion to the U.S. economy, accounting for 12% of U.S. GDP. The auto industry alone accounts for an estimated $950 billion added to the nation's economy each year.
BACKGROUND:
Created in 1983, the House Automotive Caucus has a long history of reaching across the aisle to promote a strong and vibrant American automotive industry. Supported by a diverse group of automotive associations, the Caucus will continue the tradition of working with industry stakeholders to educate Capitol Hill policy makers and advance a legislative agenda that encourages an innovative, competitive, and growing automotive sector. The bipartisan Caucus currently has 59 members.
Ways & Means Committee Approves Kelly Bill to Prevent IRS Leaks of Private Citizens' Information
On Wednesday, Rep. Kelly -- a member of the House Ways and Means Committee -- issued the following statement after
a full committee mark-up hearing
at which the committee approved H.R. 1026,
the Taxpayer Knowledge of IRS Investigations Act , which Rep. Kelly
introduced
in the House of Representatives on February 26, 2015. H.R. 1026 would amend the tax code to stop the IRS's misuse of a provision designed to protect taxpayers to instead protect government employees who improperly look at or reveal taxpayer information.
"I strongly applaud the committee for its favorable mark-up of this commonsense bill to stop personal taxpayer information from being leaked by the IRS. When such a breach of trust is committed, the most feared federal agency must not be permitted to hide behind provisions meant to protect taxpayers in the first place. Americans rightly expect and deserve transparency from their government and to be treated fairly. This bill is a serious step toward repairing the broken trust between the American people and their government."
BACKGROUND:
On May 13, 2013, it was
revealed
that the IRS division headed by now-retired official Lois Lerner
shared highly confidential tax-exempt status applications
from multiple conservative groups with ProPublica, a private outside organization. In October 2013, it was
reported
that the agency "shared highly confidential tax information of several Tea Party groups in the IRS scandal with the Federal Election Commission, a clear violation of federal law."
H.R. 1026 would amend the tax code to permit the release of certain information regarding the status of ongoing investigations related to the improper disclosure of taxpayer information by IRS employees. Under Section 6103 of the Internal Revenue Code, it is currently a felony for an IRS official to disclose such information to the public or to another government agency, which bars victims of wrongful IRS leaks from knowing the status of their no-longer private information.
NOTE:
Since news of the IRS targeting scandal
first broke
in May 2013, Rep. Kelly has been
a prominent vocal leader
in the ongoing
pursuit
for
answers
and
accountability . After earning
a standing ovation
for his
fierce scolding
of then-IRS commissioner Steven Miller at the Ways and Means Committee's
first-ever hearing
on the scandal,
The Washington Post 's Right Turn blog named Rep. Kelly its "Distinguished Pol of the Week."
The New York Post
declared that Rep. Kelly's words "ought to be emblazoned across the entryway of every IRS office in America."
In response to the scandal, Rep. Kelly introduced
the Government Employee Accountability Act , which would grant all federal agencies the power to fire reckless Senior Executive Service employees (such as
ex-IRS official Lois Lerner ) on the spot, or place them on "investigative leave" without pay. The legislation
was passed by the House of Representatives
on August 1, 2013, as part of the Stop Government Abuse Act (H.R. 2879) by a bipartisan vote of 239-176. Rep. Kelly
re-introduced the bill
once again on February 4, 2015.
Rep. Kelly Supports
Bipartisan "Senior Fix"
to Reform & Strengthen Medicare
First real entitlement reform achieved in decades
WATCH HERE
On Thursday, Rep. Kelly
spoke on the floor of the House of Representatives in support of
H.R. 2 ,
the Medicare Access and CHIP Reauthorization Act of 2015 , which repeals the Medicare Sustainable Growth Rate (SGR) formula and replaces it with a formula that returns stability to Medicare physician payments. The proposal would institute a 0.5 percent payment update every year for five years, and would improve the fee-for-service system by streamlining Medicare's existing web of quality assurance programs into one value-based performance program, (moving away from the current volume-based system). The House passed the legislation that afternoon by a bipartisan vote of 392-37.
Highlights of Rep. Kelly's floor remarks:
"This is not so much a 'doc fix' as a 'senior fix.' ... I have been there for the birth of my four children, [and] I have celebrated the birth of our 10 grandchildren. Those are great moments, but I have also sat by the bedside of my mother, my sister, and my father as they lay dying and were transitioning. Those losses are things you can never truly regain, and those are times that if you just had one minute left with those folks, wouldn't you love to have that? Wouldn't you love to be there to give them peace of mind? This bill gives them peace of mind, Mr. Speaker. That's what this bill does. This is a senior fix."
"As I have watched people pass, both friends and family, what they wanted at their bedside at their time is their faith ... the comfort of knowing that their family is with them helping them get through the toughest parts of their life when they're the most vulnerable ... and lastly, they want their doctor. They want to know that that person who has guided them for the last several months and through their lives - the person they have always gone to for their health care - is going to be there and not taken away because of some government program that didn't work."
"So I would say as we sit in America's House, whether we're Republicans or Democrats, we are people representing people in the best interest of people. This piece of legislation today is truly a senior fix, but a fix for the most vulnerable. I can think of nothing that we could do that is more important than giving peace of mind to those who have given so much to us as families, as states, and as a country. This is a brilliant piece of legislation. And while it may not satisfy all, it serves the needs of many."
BACKGROUND:
The Sustainable Growth Rate (SGR) is a formula that was enacted in the Balanced Budget Act of 1997 to control Medicare spending on physician services.
However, the SGR policy flaws have compelled Congress to override the formula-driven cuts for more than a decade.
In fact, since 2003, Congress has spent nearly $170 billion in short-term patches to avoid these unsustainable cuts.
The most recent patch will expire on March 31, 2015.
H.R. 2
repeals the SGR, averting a 21 percent SGR-induced cut scheduled for April 1, 2015.
The Children's Health Insurance Program (CHIP) covers more than 8 million children and pregnant women in families that earn income above Medicaid eligibility levels.
CHIP prevents millions of children from being uninsured, while keeping them in private coverage models.
Although CHIP is authorized through 2019, no new funding is available after FY 2015.
H.R. 2
fully funds CHIP through FY 2017.
Rep. Kelly Seeks to Ban Funding for UN Arms Trade Treaty in
FY 2016 Appropriations Bills
90 Members of Congress co-sign letters in support of Kelly amendments to prohibit ATT funding
Rep. Kelly issued the following statement today regarding four letters he authored and submitted to the bipartisan leaders of the House Appropriations Subcommittee on Defense, the Subcommittee on Homeland Security, the Subcommittee on State, Foreign Operations, and Related Programs, and the Subcommittee on Commerce, Justice, Science, and Related Agencies. Each letter requested updated and strengthened language prohibiting federal funding of the United Nations Arms Trade Treaty (ATT) in each of the subcommittees' respective appropriation bills for fiscal year 2016.
The letters can be viewed
here ,
here ,
here , and
here .
Statement by Rep. Kelly:
"The power of the purse is a critical weapon in our fight to stop the ATT from ever being implemented. The sovereignty of our country and the rights of our people are far too precious to be left vulnerable to this dangerous treaty. Especially with this president's appetite for unilateral, unconstitutional action overwhelmingly clear, our vigilance matters more than ever."
NOTE:
Signatories of Rep. Kelly's letters include 6 committee chairmen: Homeland Security Committee Chairman Michael McCaul (R-TX), Rules Committee Chairman Pete Sessions (R-TX), Financial Services Committee Chairman Jeb Hensarling (R-TX), Science, Space, and Technology Committee Chairman Lamar Smith (R-TX), Veterans Affairs Committee Chairman Jeff Miller (R-FL), as well as Republican Study Committee Chairman Bill Flores (R-TX).
WEEKLY PHOTOS
On Tuesday, Rep. Kelly helped host a reception with Rep. Marci Kaptur (D-OH) to officially kick off the House Automotive Caucus for the 114th Congress
_______________________________________
Rep. Kelly with Reps. Mike Bost (R-IL), Mike Doyle (D-PA), and Tim Murphy (R-PA)
On Thursday, Rep. Kelly attended a special hearing hosted by the Congressional Steel Caucus on the "State of the Steel Industry"
_______________________________________
Rep. Kelly participated in the St. Patrick's Day Parade in Erie two weeks ago with other elected leaders from Erie County
Forward this email This email was sent to dj724530@gmail.com by
thomas.qualtere@mail.house.gov
|
Update Profile/Email Address
|
Rapid removal with
SafeUnsubscribe &trade;
|
Privacy Policy . The Office of Representative Mike Kelly
|
1519 Longworth House Office Building
|
Washington
|
DC
|
20515
