
NOTE: Please DO NOT respond to this email as this inbox is unattended. To contact my office please
click here
ABOUT
SERVICES
ISSUES &amp; LEGISLATION
MEDIA CENTER
RESOURCES
CONTACT
ESPAOL
For Immediate Release
Contact: Nelly Decker
Friday, March 27, 2015
(202) 225-9897
Rep. Veasey Introduces Bill to Continue Paratransit Operation in North Texas
H.R. 1645, Transportation for Elderly and Disabled Americans Act would ensure the continued operation of transportation program for elderly and disabled
Washington, D.C. Today, Congressman Marc Veasey, TX-33, unveiled H.R. 1645, the
Transportation for Elderly and Disabled Americans Act
that would reinstate an allowance for cities such as Arlington, Grand Prairie, and Mesquite, Texas to use federal transit funding for operation and maintenance costs for transit services for the elderly and disabled.
As the nations elderly population grows in the coming years, critical paratransit services such as Handitran will allow seniors to maintain their independence, said Congressman Veasey. For many residents, this reliable and affordable public transportation allows them to make their doctors appointments, go grocery shopping, visit family and friends and provides them an opportunity to continue their daily activities.
Historically, a major source of assistance for small paratransit operators came from the Urbanized Area Transit Formula Grant. However, an oversight in 2012 legislation known as the
Moving Ahead for Press in the 21 st
Century Act (MAP-21)
eliminated this source of funding for some small paratransit operators but did not include an alternative to address the resulting gap. H.R. 1645,
The Transportation for Elderly and Disabled Americans Act
would correct this oversight. Specifically, the Act would authorize small general public demand response service operators in large urbanized areas to use Section 5307 funds for operating assistance.
###
NOTE: Please DO NOT respond to this email as this inbox is unattended. To contact my office please
click here
UNSUBSCRIBE
|
PRIVACY POLICY
|
CONTACT US
Click Here Click Here