DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.0 Transitional//EN" "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml1/DTD/xhtml1-transitional.dtd"
District Update | April 19, 2015
Click here
if you have trouble viewing this email
Dear Friends,
With much of the country struggling to meet the Tax Day deadline this past week, the burden of our madly complex federal tax code rests freshly on the minds of millions taxpayers.
At over 70,000 pages, the federal tax code is simply unnavigable and has created an environment
where 94 percent of returns
are filed with some kind of assistance, and compliance costs for all returns are estimated
at almost $234 billion .
When you add together the burden of compliance on small businesses and families, the fact that the United States has the highest corporate tax rate in the world, and has one of the highest tax rates on long-term investment, the imperative of tax reform is clear:
it is no longer an aspirationit is a necessity for our successful economic policy.
One of the main priorities of this Congress is working toward a tax code that is simpler, fairer, and flatter that promotes job creation, economic growth, and competition.
Numerous tax reform proposals, including the consumption-based fair tax and variety of flat tax proposals, have been circulating around the Capitol, and the House Ways and Means Committee, under Chairman Paul Ryan, is working to create a simpler and fairer system that creates jobs and opportunities in our economy.
With the recent overwhelming bipartisan success in repealing Medicares flawed sustainable growth rate to reform and preserve Medicare, there is great optimism that we can work together to overhaul our broken tax code.
Please let give your thoughts about current state of the federal tax code by commenting on
Facebook .
Sincerely,
Representative French Hill
News for the Week of April 13, 2015
At last, Purple Hearts to go to 2, 1 slain, 1 injured at LR recruit site
A rkansas Democrat Gazette
"It's a global war on terrorism and one doesn't have to be in a foreign combat theater in order to demonstrate bravery that's deserving of the awards," [Hill] said. "I just have regrets that it took six long years for these men to receive the recognition that they deserve, but I'm pleased that after that long wait the outcome is a good one."
Interview with Kevin Miller on the VA Solar Panel Project
KARN
Rep. Hill went on KARN to discuss the latest updates on the VA Solar Panel Project investigation , immigration, and the Iranian nuclear deal.
Honoring our Heroes
Two Central Arkansas heroes were
finally given the recognition
they deserved this week, when U.S. Army Secretary John McHugh announced Private William Long of Conway and Private Quinton Ezeagwula of Jacksonville would receive Purple Hearts for the 2009 shooting at the Little Rock Army Recruiting Center.
After the announcement, Rep. Hill stated, "The Armys announcement today to award the Purple Heart to Privates Long and Ezeagwula concludes a nearly six-year pursuit of justice and recognition for the families and victims of the 2009 terrorist attack at the Little Rock military recruiting station. This announcement is long overdue and finally gives these brave men the heroic level of recognition they deserve. I am truly appreciative of the efforts of our entire Congressional delegation who worked hard to make this happen, especially my predecessor in Congress and our current Lt. Gov. Tim Griffin whose tireless efforts ensured the sacrifice of these young men was fully recognized and honored."
In Case You Missed It
This week, in recognition of Financial Independence Week in the House of Representatives, the House
passed eight Financial Services Committee bills , including H.R. 650, tthe Preserving Access to Manufactured Housing Act, on which Rep. Hill spoke in favor of on the House Floor.
Watch Rep. Hill speak in favor of H.R. 650 by clicking the image below:
Washington, DC Office
1229 Longworth House Office Building
Washington, DC 20515
Phone: (202) 225-2506
Fax: (202) 225-5903
Conway Office
1105 Deer Street, Suite 12
Conway, AR 72032
Phone: (501) 358-3481
Fax: (501) 358-3494
Little Rock Office
1501 N. University Ave., Suite 150
Little Rock, AR 72207
Phone: (501) 324-5941
Fax: (501) 324-6029
UPDATE SUBSCRIPTION OPTIONS
|
PRIVACY POLICY
|
CONTACT US
Click Here Click Here