
Photo of the Week:
I enjoyed speaking to and taking questions from the Associated Builders and Contractors of the Carolinas this week in Fayetteville. I provided an update on legislation that we have passed in the House -- including The Small Business Regulatory Flexibility Improvement Act -- and we discussed other issues facing small businesses.
Weekly Update:
After a long but productive several weeks in Washington, it was great being back home this week traveling the district, talking with constituents, visiting area businesses and meeting with state and local officials.
At the start of the week, I met with Harnett County Commissioners, including N.C. Senator Ronald Rabin, N.C. Representative David Lewis, and N.C. Representative Brad Salmon. We talked about many topics of concern to folks in Harnett County, and we also had time to touch on the efforts of the N.C. General Assembly and N.C. members of Congress. During this meeting, I spoke about my efforts to fight for Fort Bragg's 440th Airlift Wing, including a recent appropriations request that I lead to prohibit funding to deactivate the Wing. I hope you will scroll down to learn more about my efforts.
During my meeting with the Associated Builders and Contractors, we touched on what we can be doing to ensure economic prosperity and certainty for businesses and their employees. North Carolina's unemployment rate sits at 5.3%, which is slightly lower than the national average. Without question, construction is one of North Carolina's fastest-growing employment sectors and has played an instrumental role in getting people back to work.
Happy Easter to you and your families, and thank you for the opportunity to serve as your voice in Washington.
In the District
On Monday, I spoke at a meeting of the Harnett County Commissioners, along with Senator Ronald J. Rabin, Rep. David Lewis and Rep. Brad Salmon, about the recent legislative accomplishments in the U.S. House including passage of the budget and the Medicare SGR bill.
Update on the 440th
I am continuing my efforts to fight for the 1,200 servicemen and women of the 440th Airlift Wing at Ft. Bragg. Most recently, I led an appropriations request to forbid funding from being used to inactivate, relocate, or otherwise disrupt the mission, personnel, or aircraft of the 440th Airlift Wing.
This request, which was co-authored by Representatives Richard Hudson (R-NC-08), David Rouzer (R-NC-07), David Price (D-NC-04) and George Holding (R-NC-13), was submitted to the House Appropriations Defense Subcommittee.
Click here
for more information about this appropriations request.
Meeting Students From the Second District
During my previous week in Washington, I had the pleasure of meeting with students from the "Close Up" programs at Harnett Central High School and Triton High School-Erwin. They had several thoughtful questions on the legislative process and enjoyed taking selfies in front of the U.S. House!
WEBSITE
|
UNSUBSCRIBE
|
CONTACT
Click Here Click Here