
Protecting Children In The Classroom
I am working to protect kids in the classroom from sexual and violent predators. In 2014, at least 459 teachers and other school employees were arrested across America for sexual misconduct with children - including 26 in Pennsylvania.
Every story represents a tragedy, a childhood shattered, and a family torn by grief and betrayal. We have an obligation to do everything in our power to safeguard our children from sexual predators. Senator Joe Manchin (D-W.Va.) and I introduced a bipartisan bill earlier this year to require background checks for all school employees who have unsupervised contact with children. I am hopeful that this bill will become law, and I will continue fighting for children and parents across Pennsylvania and America.
I spoke to NBC in Pittsburgh about this issue. You can watch that news story
here .
Honoring A Pennsylvania Hero
Do you know the name Mike Crescenz? Corporal Michael J. Crescenz was a Philadelphia native and served in the Vietnam War.
He has a truly incredible story
- one of bravery and heroism that made him Philly's only Medal of Honor recipient of the Vietnam War. And now, after
my bipartisan bill
passed the Senate unanimously last December, the
Woodland Avenue Veterans Affairs Medical Center
in Philadelphia is being renamed after this amazing hero.
We rename this facility with profound respect and gratitude for his sacrifice. I will be speaking at the renaming ceremony on Saturday morning, and I look forward to hearing from Corporal Crescenz's family about his life and legacy. I hope the renaming of this medical center will serve as a reminder of the sacrifices of all of Pennsylvania's Vietnam War veterans.
You can learn more about Corporal Crescenz and see what his fellow brothers in arms had to say
here . His name will not be forgotten.
Expanding Gettysburg National Park
This week, I received the National Parks Heritage Award from the
National Parks Conservation Association . This award recognizes my efforts to expand the
Gettysburg National Military Park . Last year, I teamed up with Senator Bob Casey and Congressman Scott Perry to expand the park by 45 acres and add the Lincoln Train Station.
Allowing Gettysburg National Military Park to expand marked the culmination of a long bipartisan effort. The park is an important part of our nation's history and encourages tourism and growth in the area. I look forward to seeing Gettysburg continue to thrive as a result of the expansion. The battlefield and the surroundings, such as the train station and the seminary, are national treasures and part of a wonderful network of history and beautiful natural sites in Pennsylvania.
I encourage you to take the time to visit Gettysburg. You can find all the information you need
here .
Miles For Myeloma
Last weekend, my wife, Kris, and I ran in a 5K race to raise awareness for multiple myeloma - a form of blood cancer. This is a personal issue for our family because Kris's mother was diagnosed last year.
This event was a great way to connect and speak with other families who have been affected by this disease. At the end of the day, Kris beat me by a few minutes. In fact, she won her age group! She is a truly incredible athlete. She will be competing in the Ironman Lake Placid this summer to continue raising awareness for multiple myeloma. That's a 2.4-mile swim, a 112-mile bike ride, and a 26.2-mile run. I look forward to cheering her on from the sidelines and being there to see her cross the finish line.
You can see more photos from the Miles for Myeloma 5K
here .
Protecting Horses From Cruel Treatment
This week, I became an original cosponsor of the Prevent All Soring Tactics (PAST) Act, a bipartisan bill authored by my colleagues Senators Kelly Ayotte (R-N.H.) and Mark Warner (D-Va.). The PAST Act will crack down on individuals that "sore" horses, a practice where horses are maimed in order to make them walk with high-stepping gaits that are rewarded in show rings. Soring is inhumane, unnecessary, and cruel. We need to toughen federal laws and end this abusive training tactic which exists only for entertainment and shows.
Among its provisions, the PAST Act increases penalties on individuals caught soring horses and requires the Department of Agriculture to increase inspections at certain horse exhibitions. Individuals accused of horse soaring will face felony charges, fines, and up to three years of incarceration. I will continue to work with my colleagues on both sides of the aisle to ensure that the PAST Act becomes law.
You can learn more about this effort
here .
ALLENTOWN, PA
PH: (610) 434-1444
ERIE, PA
PH: (814) 453-3010
HARRISBURG, PA
PH: (717) 782-3951
JOHNSTOWN, PA
PH: (814) 266-5970
PHILADELPHIA, PA
PH: (215) 241-1090
PITTSBURGH, PA
PH: (412) 803-3501
SCRANTON, PA
PH: (570) 941-3540
WASHINGTON, D.C.
PH: (202) 224-4254
UNSUBSCRIBE
