
April 24, 2015
Conaway Chronicle:
Sponsoring the Veterans Second Amendment Protection Act,
Financial Literacy Month,
Anniversary of the Battle of San Jacinto,
DoD Must Make Auditability a Priority
__________________________________________
Thank you for reading The Conaway Chronicle, a review of my activities in Congress.
Sponsoring the Veterans Second Amendment Protection Act
Yesterday, Congressman Jeff Miller and I introduced the Veterans Second Amendment Protection Act. Currently, veterans who are appointed a Department of Veterans Affairs (VA) fiduciary to help with benefits are automatically labeled as mentally defective in the VA system, which then places them on the FBIs National Instant Criminal Background Check System (NICS). This legislation protects veterans from this incorrect labeling, which can result in the loss of their Constitutional right to bear arms.
No man or woman who has worn the uniform of our nation and fought for our freedom should be denied their second amendment right because of a bureaucratic system failure. This legislation will ensure that veterans are able to use the resources offered by the VA without fear of being wrongly placed on the FBIs NICS. There is a critical lapse in our current system. Fortunately, we are able to fix it with this legislation while still maintaining appropriate safeguards for those who truly need assistance. I look forward to working with my colleague Congressman Miller to ensure that no veteran will be unlawfully prohibited from purchasing a firearm.
Financial Literacy Month
Did you know that April is Financial Literacy Month? All Americans, from high school students to older adults, need the tools and resources to make educated decisions about their personal finances. I spoke on the House Floor this week to highlight the key role that American Institute of CPAs, state CPA societies, and CPAs across the country play in financial literacy education. You can watch the video of my floor speech by
clicking here.
Anniversary of the Battle of San Jacinto
On April 21, 1836, Texas forces won the battle of San Jacinto to end the Texas Revolution. Led by General Sam Houston, the Texan Army took less than 20 minutes to defeat Santa Anna and his Mexican Army. Just nine Texans were killed in the battle.
Today, the San Jacinto Monument commemorates this historic battle at the San Jacinto Battleground State Historic Site. At 567 feet tall- including the 34 foot Lone Star at top- this monument took three years to build and was officially dedicated on April 21st, 1939. This 1952 photograph of the monument was taken by Margaret Bourke-White.
DoD Must Make Auditability a Priority
Earlier in the week, I sent a letter to Secretary Carter regarding his commitment to making the Department of Defense (DoD) fully auditable and his strategy to achieve this goal. The Departments recent advances in better financial management and audit came with Secretary Panettas decision to make audit a priority. Secretary Carters leadership and dedication to maintaining the audit efforts are imperative to finishing and institutionalizing this effort, and this letter asks Secretary Carter to make the same commitment to audit as have former Secretaries Chuck Hagel and Leon Panetta.
With the last months news of the Department of Defense Inspector General retracting the U.S. Marine Corps fiscal year 2012 audit, this letter comes at an important time. The IGs decision highlights the Department-wide nature of this endeavor: if the Defense Accounting and Finance Service (DFAS) cannot maintain appropriate suspense accounts then that affects the entire Department. While much attention has focused on the service branches
and rightfully so
it cannot be forgotten that the Department agencies, like DFAS, are also a critical piece of the effort. The Secretarys leadership is needed across all fronts. The Department is entering a new phase
the final push. With less than two full fiscal years left until the September 30, 2017, audit readiness deadline, Secretary Carters service comes at a crucial time.
As always, you can follow me on
Facebook ,
YouTube , and
Twitter .
Sincerely,
Rep. Mike Conaway, 11th District
Click Here
to view this email in your browser
Click Here
to be removed from this list