
Official Site
Constituent Services
News
Contact
U.S. Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell&rsquo;s eNewsletter - - Week of April 13, 2015
Kentucky Manufacturers Express Support for Senator McConnell&rsquo;s Efforts to Combat President&rsquo;s War on Coal
&lsquo;We agree that this legally questionable plan is not worth jeopardizing the tens of thousands of jobs in the Commonwealth that rely on manufacturing&rsquo;
On Wednesday, the Kentucky Association of Manufacturers (KAM) wrote to Senator McConnell to thank him for
the letter he sent to our Nation&rsquo;s Governors
calling on them to reject the EPA&rsquo;s proposed regulation that requires states to dramatically restructure their electricity systems based on how the agency thinks electricity should be produced and used in each state. The proposal would further stifle the use of coal-fired electricity.
In the letter, KAM thanked Senator McConnell for his &ldquo;leadership in Congress in the fight against EPA&rsquo;s overreach and for standing up for manufacturers in the Commonwealth.&rdquo; Click
HERE
to read the letter from KAM.
Pressure Mounts on Senate Democrats to End Their Opposition to Anti-Slavery Legislation
Throughout the week, Senator McConnell spoke on the Senate Floor urging Senate Democrats to end their opposition to bipartisan human rights legislation. The
Justice for Victims of Trafficking Act
would aid victims of human trafficking and enhance law-enforcement tools to protect victims and to combat these crimes.
During his floor speech on Wednesday, Senator McConnell said, &ldquo;Human trafficking is a serious problem in our country. It&rsquo;s hard for a lot of people to believe, but it occurs in every single state. I recently saw a news report about a local non-profit that&rsquo;s worried about trafficking at big events like the Kentucky Derby.&rdquo;
Click the image below to view the Senator&rsquo;s floor remarks.
Senator McConnell Welcomes Introduction of Bipartisan Trade Promotion Legislation
McConnell: &lsquo;There are important issues that we can work together on that benefit our economy and our constituents&rsquo;
On Thursday, Senators Orrin Hatch (R-UT) and Ron Wyden (D-OR) introduced bipartisan trade promotion legislation. Senator McConnell welcomed the bipartisan legislation saying the Trade Promotion Authority (TPA) legislation &ldquo;represents a real step forward on policy that has enjoyed long-standing bipartisan support, and will help expand markets for American goods and services&hellip;I hope to bring the TPA bill to the Senate floor for debate in the very near future.&rdquo;
This week, Senator McConnell discussed the opportunity to work with the Obama Administration on Trade Promotion Authority in an interview with Jeff Nalley, the host on Agri-Pulse Radio. They also discussed the Senator&rsquo;s efforts to push back against over-regulation and Kentucky agriculture&rsquo;s impact on our farmers and our economy. Agri-Pulse Radio is daily national coverage of agricultural and rural policy with daily farm broadcasts in Kentucky. Click
HERE
to listen to the interview.
House &amp; Senate Clear Bipartisan Bill to Strengthen Medicare, President Signs into Law
This week, Senator McConnell joined Speaker of the House John Boehner, Senator Orrin Hatch, Chairman of the Senate Finance Committee (signing the bill below), and members of the House and Senate at a ceremony for the Medicare Access and CHIP Reauthorization Act of 2015.
The bipartisan bill passed the U.S. House of Representatives unanimously and this week passed the U.S. Senate.
Following the Senate vote, Senator McConnell said, &ldquo;Instead of kicking this important Medicare payment issue down the road again, a strong bipartisan majority in Congress voted to finally solve the problem and ensure that seniors on Medicare don&rsquo;t lose access to their doctors. It&rsquo;s another reminder of a new Republican Congress that&rsquo;s back to work.&rdquo;
On Thursday, the President signed the Medicare Access and CHIP Reauthorization Act of 2015 into law. The law will strengthen Medicare and protect seniors&rsquo; access to their doctors.
Welcome to Washington, D.C.
Throughout the week, Senator McConnell welcomed Kentuckians from across the Commonwealth to his office in the United States Capitol.
On Tuesday, Senator McConnell met with survivors and advocates with the Lung Cancer Alliance (LCA) to discuss lung cancer screening and research.
Senator McConnell meets with LCA Kentuckians from Harrodsburg, Shepherdsville, Florence, and Lexington.
Also on Tuesday, Senator McConnell spoke with Kentucky families of the Epilepsy Foundation.
On Wednesday, Senator McConnell visited with representatives from Hopkinsville and Lexington of the Commonwealth Council on Developmental Disabilities.
Also this week, Senator McConnell was honored by the National Down Syndrome Society with the Champion of Change Award for his strong support and work to help pass the ABLE Act, which will help Kentucky families, children, and individuals living with disabilities save money for the future.
On Tuesday, Senator McConnell enjoyed meeting with Citizens for Ft. Campbell to discuss important issues affecting the community, including critical priorities at Ft. Campbell.
Senator McConnell also talked about his recent trip to Israel, Jordan, Iraq and Afghanistan where
he met with and thanked Kentucky troops from the 101st Airborne Division .
On Wednesday, Kentuckians with 4-H and the University of Kentucky College of Agriculture visited Senator McConnell&rsquo;s office balcony in the Russell Senate Office Building.
Visiting Our Nation&rsquo;s Capital
If you&rsquo;re planning a trip to Washington, D.C., please check out Senator McConnell's
website
and visit his office while you are in town. Every week, Senator McConnell welcomes to his office in the U.S. Capitol many Kentuckians from across the Commonwealth visiting D.C. to meet with Senator McConnell and discuss issues of importance to Kentucky. Also, the Senator&rsquo;s office has information on tours, places to visit and local restaurants to help make your trip to the nation&rsquo;s capital one to remember.
In the Media
This week, TIME Magazine unveiled their annual issue of the &ldquo;100 Most Influential People in the World.&rdquo; Senator McConnell was named one of TIME&rsquo;s 100 for his leadership.
Click the image below to read the piece from TIME.
On Tuesday, Senator McConnell joined Grover Norquist, President of Americans for Tax Reform, for a press conference speaking about the need for tax reform. Senator McConnell said, &ldquo;Hopefully, in the next few years we can begin to slim down the size of government and get taxes lowered once again.&rdquo;
This week, Senator McConnell and GOP Senators hosted a media stakeout in the U.S. Capitol.
On Thursday, Senator McConnell was interviewed by the
Wall Street Journal
and
USA Today .
Click the image below to read the article from the
Wall Street Journal
Click the image below to read the article from
USA Today
Keeping Up With Senator McConnell
Keep up with the latest news and alerts from our nation&rsquo;s capital as well as updates on things happening in Kentucky by becoming a fan of Senator McConnell&rsquo;s
Facebook
page, and get the latest news from Senator McConnell&rsquo;s Press Office on Twitter at
@McConnellPress
and on Instagram at
@McConnellPress .
For a more behind-the-scenes view of the Senate Majority Leader's office, be sure to follow
@SenateMajLdr
on Twitter and
@SenateMajLdr
on Instagram.
Get this newsletter delivered to your inbox by signing up
HERE
Official Site
|
Privacy Policy
|
Unsubscribe
