
If you are having trouble viewing this message or would like to share
it on a social network, you can
view the message online .
HOME
CONTACT US
CONSTITUENT SERVICES
ISSUES AND
LEGISLATION
March 29, 2015
A Balanced Budget for a Stronger
America
Americans deserve a budget that balances
and helps reform our broken tax code. Fifty three of the last sixty
three US budgets have failed to balance
that is simply an unacceptable
statistic for hardworking Kansans struggling to find jobs in this
difficult economy.
This week, House Republicans passed a budget
that balances within the budget window - and without raising taxes.
The House budget will make sensible steps towards fixing our tax code,
and is based on the priorities of the American people rather than
Washington-centric policies.
Congresswoman Jenkins recently
spoke on the FY2016 budget. To watch,
click
here .
A Very Unhappy Fifth Birthday for
Obamacare
The House budget alsoseeks to repeal the Presidents
healthcare law in full. This past week, the presidents healthcare law turned
five years old.
It is safe to say that the law isnt cute like a
real 5 year old
instead it is clumsy, way more expensive than wed
hoped, and needs to be kept under close supervision or its likely to
cause a lot of destruction.
Americans need a healthcare law
built on their priorities, not those dictated from Washington and on
the whims of an executive who is inclined to overreach. Five years of
increased costs and wasteful bureaucratic problems is simply far too
long.
Congresswoman Jenkins highlighted this week how
the FY2016 budget repeals the presidents healthcare law in full. To
watch,
click here .
Repealing the
Sustainable Growth Rate
On Wednesday, the House of
Representatives passed legislation with a strong bipartisan vote that
was a long time coming.
For years the Sustainable Growth Rate
(SGR) that is used to compute provider payments through Medicare has
encouraged quantity over quality service and caused doctors to face
constant uncertainty.
The reforms passed by the House this week
seek to strengthen Medicare and provide much needed certainty to medical
providers and Medicare beneficiaries by ending the Doc Fix once and
for all. This certainty is especially important to medical providers,
who ultimately protect access to quality care for our seniors in
rural settings. It was finally time to put the annual crisis over the SGR
to bed. In its 18 years of existence, Congress has had to implement
last-minute patches 17 different times to the tune of $170 billion.
These reforms will save America many millionsover the
status quo of temporary patches and improve the structural framework to
Medicare to ensure our seniors receive quality healthcare. I am proud
to stand with the Kansas Medical Society and the Kansas Hospital
Association, and a dozen other Kansas provider associations in support of
this solution.
Speaking at the National Association of
State Treasurers
This past week, I had the opportunity
to speak about 529 college savings plans to the National Association
of State Treasurers (NAST). As a former State Treasurer and president
of NAST, it has been an honor to continue the organizations work to
encourage a savings society, and expand and modernize 529 college
savings in Congress.
It was also a privilege to see my good
friend and current State Treasure of Kansas, Ron Estes, who presented me
with a Distinguished Service Award from the College Savings Plan
Network to recognize the recent passage of my bill, HR 529. To read more
about the bipartisan passage of this legislation
click
here .
Repealing the Death Tax
During a markup in the
Ways and Means Committee on Wednesday, I supported legislation to
eliminate the death tax once and for all. The death tax is an issue that,
as long as it exists, will be seen as a provision by which politicians
can pocket more and more of families hard-earned
legacies.
Most recently in the Presidents FY2016 budget he proposed another
increase to the death tax, as well as a proposal to eliminate step-up
basis, in order to tax folks who are inheriting family farms or
businesses upon the death of their parents, and then tax them a second
time. Our family farmers in Kansas sent me a copy of LandOwners January
bulletin, which speaks to these proposed death tax increases and the
havoc they could inflict on family farmers. Now, I know that the
President claims that there will be exemptions for family farmers in his
death tax scheme, but the truth is the tax code is already riddled with
such exemptions, which are typically very confusing and rarely
used.
As a CPA, I can vouch for this.
We need to stop
treating death as a taxable event and the only solution to this problem
is to take this tax temptation off the table and eliminate the death
tax.
Fighting to End Child Hunger at the National
Hunger Seder
I was honored to attend this years
National Hunger Seder as a co-sponsor and in my role as
co-chair of the House Hunger Caucus . This event brings together a
diverse range of independent communities who can, together, make a
difference in the fight to end child hunger. During Passover, Jews back
home in Kansas and across America will take time to celebrate freedom
and it is my hope we can use this time to also find solutions to make
sure our children are free from hunger.
Friends from
Leavenworth
I had a great meeting this week with the
Mayor of the Leavenworth and other city officials. We discussed some of
the critical issues facing folks in Leavenworth, and I look forward to
continuing the ongoing dialogue in the future.
Meeting with Kansas Bankers Association
The Kansas
Bankers Association came into town this week and we discussed a variety
of issues currently cropping up on the main streets of Kansas and it
was great to get to chat with the association about what more we can
potentially do in Congress.
Washington, DC
Office
1526 Longworth HOB
Washington, D.C. 20515
Phone: (202) 225-6601
Fax:
(202) 225-7986
Pittsburg Office
1001 N. Broadway Street #C
Pittsburg, KS 66762
Phone: (620) 231-LYNN (5966)
Fax:
(620) 231-5972
Topeka
Office
3550 SW 5th Street
Topeka, KS 66606
Phone: (785) 234-LYNN (5966)
Fax:
(785) 234-5967
Independence Office
120
N. 6th Street
Independence, KS
67301
Phone: (620) 231-LYNN
(5966)
Fax: (620) 231-5972
Unsubscribe
|
Update My Profile
|
Privacy Policy
gateway mail
end 