
Around the District
A Great Night for an Open House
Thank you to everyone who made it out to our District Office Open House in Simi Valley. We had a great turnout and I enjoyed the productive conversations I had with people from around the community. A special thank you to the Simi Chamber of Commerce, the Reagan Library Color Guard, Rick Livingstone, Simi Valley Mayor Bob Huber, and Councilman Mike Judge for all your support with the program. I look forward to providing my constituents with quality services for years to come.
High Tech High School
On April 17th, I visited Knight High School to learn about their Digital Design and Engineering Academy. Teacher James Stockdale is doing a great job. Thank you to Rodrigo De Leon for the beautiful 3-D picture of the U S House of Representatives Seal.
Heroes &amp; Hot Dogs
William J. Pete Knight Veterans Home in Lancaster has always held a special place in my heart. Not only is it named after my father, but it provides critical services to the Antelope Valleys veteran community. That is why I attended a fundraiser there for veterans on April 18th hosted by The Jobs Daughters, Bethel 209, and Lancaster Masonic Lodge.
Festival Fun
Spring has finally sprung, which means its time for the annual California Poppy Festival in Lancaster and the Cowboy Festival in Santa Clarita. On April 18th, I attended both festivals and had a great time eating, chatting and even throwing some knives.
Around the Capitol
Committee Work
Its been another busy and productive week here in Washington, D.C. In the Science, Space and Technology Committee, I attended a hearing with NASA Administrator Charles F. Bolden, Jr., who I stressed the importance of the SOFIA Program, which is located in Palmdale.
For House Armed Services Committee, I attended hearings with Air Force officials who updated us on the F-35 Joint Strike Fighter program as well as their budget requests for the upcoming fiscal year.
Tax Day
On April 15th, I spent my Tax Day focusing on our burdensome tax code and how we, as Congress, can improve it. In the morning, I sat in a Small Business Committee hearing, where I highlighted the problem of temporary tax provisions and how they hurt small businesses in my district because of the challenge trying to keep track of them and the cost to maintain compliance. Later, I voted on the floor for H.R. 1563, the Federal Employee Tax Accountability Act and H.R. 1562, the Contracting and Tax Accountability Act.
On April 16th, I voted to repeal the infamous Death Tax (H.R. 1105). This harmful tax hurts families and businesses, and repealing it will help move us toward a pro-growth tax code.
Around the Corner
Free Resource Fair for Seniors
Tuesday, April 21st, 4-6pm
Legacy Commons, 930 East Avenue Q-9, Palmdale
For more information, call Legacy Commons: (661) 267-5904
Congressional Art Competition Reception
Wednesday, April 29th, 4-5:30pm
Fastframe, 24204 Valencia Blvd, Valencia
For more information call: (661) 441-0320
Women In STEM
Friday, April 24, 5-7:30pm
Antelope Valley College, Room HS 201, 3041 West Ave K, Lancaster, California 93536
For more information visit:
http://www.avc.edu/common/documents/WomenSTEM.pdf
9th Annual Gator Run, Benefiting Special Olympics Ventura County
Sunday, April 26, 7am-12pm
Rancho Santa Susana Community Park, 5005 E Los Angeles Ave, Simi Valley
For more information please visit:
http://www.GatorRun.org
Simi Valley Chamber of Commerce Town Hall with Congressman Knight
Wednesday, May 6, 8-9:30am
Wood Ranch Golf Club, 301 Wood Ranch Parkway, Simi Valley
For more information call: (805) 526-3900
WEBSITE
|
UNSUBSCRIBE
|
CONTACT
Click Here Click Here