
NOTE: Please DO NOT respond to this email as this inbox is unattended. To contact my office please
click here
ABOUT
SERVICES
ISSUES &amp; LEGISLATION
MEDIA CENTER
RESOURCES
CONTACT
ESPAOL
For Immediate Release
Contact: Nelly Decker
Thursday, April 30, 2015
(202) 225-9897
Rep. Veasey Statement on Military Construction and Veterans Affairs Appropriations Act of 2016
Washington, D.C.
Congressman Marc Veasey, TX-33, member of the House Armed Services Committee, released the following statement after voting against H.R. 2029, Military Construction and Veterans Affairs, and Related Agencies Appropriations Act, 2016:
I respect the amount of work and effort that the Military Construction and Veterans Affairs Appropriations Subcommittee put into crafting their bill for Fiscal Year 2016. There is no higher calling and obligation for Congress than to fully fund the Department of Veterans Affairs, which provides specialized care for our nations service men and women.
While I respect the efforts that were put into crafting this bill, Im afraid that the sequester budget caps imposed by Republicans have prevented us from funding this bill at the level that our veterans rightfully deserve. Even Republicans seem to acknowledge that these sequester budget caps are too severe by improperly using the Overseas Contingency Operations (OCO) account. That account is supposed to be used for overseas military operations.
I support the bills prioritization of eliminating the VA claims backlog and medical research, but I strongly oppose the $1.4 billion reduction for VA programs and the $1.2 billion reduction from President Obamas budget request for Military Construction, a reduction by half of the Presidents VA construction request. I share the concerns expressed by President Obama and the Veterans of Foreign Wars (VFW) that this bill is funded inadequately. The VFW states that this bill is bad for veterans, the Disabled American Veterans said this bill is unconscionable, outrageous, and the American Legion states that it is unacceptable.
Our veterans deserve better than this bill and it is Congress obligation to provide it for them.
###
NOTE: Please DO NOT respond to this email as this inbox is unattended. To contact my office please
click here
UNSUBSCRIBE
|
PRIVACY POLICY
|
CONTACT US
Click Here Click Here