DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.0 Transitional//EN" "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml1/DTD/xhtml1-transitional.dtd"
Share on:
News Brief
Message from Dave
Dear Friends,
The past two weeks have focused a lot on trade. Last week, the Ways and Means Committee introduced the Bipartisan Congressional Trade Priorities Act and then yesterday we held a mark-up on that bill which sets the standards for our free trade agreements.
You can read much more about the Trade Priorities Act
here
and how it ensures America remains a leader in the global economy.
But trade was not the only item on the agenda. I joined my House colleagues in passing legislation to protect American citizens from cyberattacks, something that just recently has hit far too close to home with the hacking of the Premera Blue Cross IT networks. Last Monday, the Housing and Urban Development Secretary Castro visited Seattle to announce more housing vouchers as part of a program to help end veteran homelessness. Having encountered homelessness too often in my law enforcement career, I was honored to join with Secretary Castro, Congressman Heck, and Mayor Murray to share the importance of this program. Considering how much veterans sacrifice to keep us safe, this is just one step we can take to give back.
On a more lighthearted, but also important, note the Third Annual Capital Soccer Classic occurred last week to raise awareness for the work of the US Soccer Foundation in keeping young people engaged and off the streets, learning teamwork and problem solving-skills playing sports which help set them up for future success. And Im also happy to say that the Republicans took home the trophy finally!
With it being Tax Week last week, there were many opportunities to discuss the need for tax reform which will reduce the tax burden on Americans, while making our tax code simpler, fairer, and flatter. Money earned by hard-working men and women should stay in their pockets and allow them to put food on the table.
I also had the opportunity to wish the Tahoma High School We the People Team good luck before they participated in the National We The People competition and say hi to one of the young men of the 8 th
District nominated for an appointment at the Air Force Academy.
I met with other eager, hard-working students in my Issaquah Office, this time from the University of Washington and the Northwest Yeshiva High School who formed the Washington Students for Israel group to generate more conversations about issues concerning the U.S.
Israel relationship.
As we wind up April and move into May, I wish you all the best, and look forward to seeing many of you during our next District Work Period.
Sincerely,
Dave
From the
NEWSROOM
Rep. Reichert helps present the French Medal of Honor to "Padre" Francis Jeffery at the Dupont Military Officers Association.
Rep. Reichert with members of the Washington Students for Israel group
Rep. Reichert and other members of the Republican soccer team who won this year's Capital Soccer Classic
Other News:
-
Reichert Statement on Ways and Means Markup and Passage of Trade Promotion Authority
-
Reichert Supports Critical Cybersecurity Legislation
-
Reichert, Murray, Cantwell Urge Emergency Funding for I90 Overpass and White River Bridge
-
Reichert: TPA Legislation a Momentous Step Forward
-
Reps. Reichert, Yarmuth Introduce the Runaway and Homeless Youth Trafficking Prevention Act
-
Reichert: IRS and Tax Code Must Be Reformed
Website
|
Privacy
|
Contact
|
Multimedia
|
Newsroom
|
Click Here Click Here