
If you are having trouble viewing this
message or would like to share it on a social network, you can
view the message
online .
Home
Contact Me
About
Services
News
Issues
May 03, 2015
Dear
David,
Stopping the crime of human trafficking is a cause I am passionate
about. One of the first legislative actions taken by the House of
Representatives this year was passing a bill
I authored to
protect victims of trafficking by expanding 'Safe Harbor' laws . Last
week, the Senate followed suit by passing a series of bills to combat
trafficking including my legislation. We are now very close to having
these important bills signed into law to stop this horrifc crime and
bring traffickers to justice.
Also, this week, the House
began passing various appropriation bills. In fact, this is the quickest
action to move appropriations bills in the past 40 years -- finally
Washington is functioning a little better!
First, we approved an
appropriation bill to fund the VA and ensure our veterans are
receiving the care they deserve. With the backlog at the VA continuing to make
our veterans wait for months to even see a doctor, the House passed
the largest year-to-year increase in VA funding ever that is targeted
efficiently and effectively.
Importantly, it also addresses
repeated mismanagement at the agency to ensure that administrators are held
accountable.
And, the House finalized a budget for
the year -- passing a budget that actually balances, puts us on a path
to fiscal responsibility, and on course to pay down the
national debt.
Have a great week and if I can be of help
to you or your family, please give my office a call. Join the
conversation online by visiting my
website ,
Facebook page ,
Twitter , and make sure
to watch my most recent video,
Erik's Correspondence
Corner .
Sincerely,
Erik Paulsen
Member of
Congress
Education Day in Minnesota
Last week, I held an 'Education
Day' in Minnesota meeting with students, teachers, and administrators.
The day started with a visit to read to Ms. Eisenmann's 1st grade class
at Excelsior Elementary. After that, I met with some of our local
superintendents to discuss reauthorization of the Elementary and Secondary
Education Act and ensuring the best ways to provide local flexibility
and control of our schools. I spent school lunch dining with second
graders in the cafeteria at Shirley Hills Elementary in Mound Westonka
before heading out to meet with the Chanhassen and Chaska high school
robotics teams. STEM programs are critical to preparing our youth for
the jobs of tomorrow and seeing the knowledge and ability of these
students was pretty impressive.
I concluded the day by hosting
a reception for the
6th Annual Congressional Art
Competition
at the Bloomington Art and Theatre Center. My office
received nearly 100 entries from 11 high schools this year, and it was a
very tough decision for the judges to pick a winner. However,
Kayla Bolston from Rogers High School was selected as the Grand Prize
winner for her piece,
In the City . It will now be displayed in
the U.S. Capitol Building for the upcoming
year.
Keeping Innovation in America
It makes no sense
that our immigration laws result in kicking the best and brightest minds
out of America and back to their home countries to become our
competitors. That's because foreign-born students who obtain degrees at
American colleges and universities are limited in options to stay in
the United States after graduation because of antiquated immigration
quotas. By making it difficult to obtain H-1B (or high-skill) visas, we
are forcing innovative foreign-born graduates back to the countries we
are competing against.
We need to fix this because studies
show that, on average, filling these highly technical jobs creates
three more jobs in the process.
I've introduced
bipartisan legislation , the
Stopping Trained in America Ph.D.s from
Leaving the Economy Act
(STAPLE Act) to address this issue,
by exempting foreign-born graduates with a Science, Technology,
Engineering, or Mathematics Ph.D. from an American university -- and a
pending job offer -- from the limits on H-1B visas. This commonsense
legislation will keep innovation alive in America to grow and build a
healthier economy.
I spoke on the House floor about the
STAPLE Act .
Creating Jobs Through
Trade
With 95% of consumers living outside the United States,
trade is critical to making sure our workers and small businesses can
sell their products and services overseas and create jobs here at
home. Studies show that one in five jobs in the United States are tied to
trade and these jobs pay 18% more on average. With opportunities to
lower regulatory barriers with Europe and access emerging markets in
Asia, Congress needs to empower our negotiators to get the best trade
deals for American businesses and workers. That means passing Trade
Promotion Authority (TPA). By passing TPA, Congress would set nearly 150
priorities for our negotiators when discussing potential trade deals.
These objectives deal with issues like IP protections, labor standards,
and digital trade.
TPA passed the Ways and Means
committee last week
and is expected to come to the full House
for a vote soon.
I authored a column this
week
outlining how TPA ensures everyone plays by the rules and everybody
wins.
Erik with the art competition grand prize winner
Kayla Bolston and her piece,
In the
City .
Congressman
Paulsen with Rep. Emmer, Rep. Kline, and Senator Klobuchar at the
recent Minnesota delegation Hotdish
competition.
Erik grabbing lunch
with students at Shirley Hills Elementary in Mound
Westonka.
###
Unsubscribe
|
Update My
Profile
|
Privacy Policy
