
If you are having trouble viewing this
message or would like to share it on a social network, you can
view the message online .
May 01, 2015
Unsubscribe
Update My Profile
Website
|
Meet Rodney
|
11th
District
Services
|
Newsroom
|
Contact
Rodney
e-News 5/1/15
The first Balanced
Budget since 2001!
Advancing Reform in
the Veterans Administration
Latest
Stop on my Listening Tour: Morris County Chamber of
Commerce
Baltic Neighbors Gird Against
Russia.
Wayne Student Wins 11th Congressional District
Art Competition
Honors
The first Balanced Budget since 2001!
The
House of Representatives this week gave final legislative approval to a
pro-growth, balanced budget, the first since 2001, designed to get
our economy back on track while expanding job opportunities for the
American people.
In stark contrast to the Presidents plan of
higher taxes and increased domestic spending, the Houses budget
provides balances the budget in less than 10 years
without raising taxes
and cuts spending by $5.5 trillion. Read the plan
here .
Coming just weeks after the first
entitlement reform in nearly two decades, this budget continues our commitment
to get things done for the American people and focus on their
priorities.
This plan helps hardworking, tax-paying families
by:
Balancing the federal budget
without
raising taxes to help create 1.2 million new jobs, save
taxpayers more than $5 trillion, and protect future generations from
crushing debt;
Making the tax code simpler
and fairer
so that families can keep more of what they
earn and manufacturers can bring good-paying jobs
home;
Making it easier to repeal Obamacare
so
that we can replace it with reforms focused on lowering costs,
protecting jobs, and strengthening the doctor-patient
relationship;
Preserving Medicare
so that our seniors can have
the security, peace of mind, and quality care they
deserve;
Ensuring a strong national defense
so that
our military personnel have the resources they need to confront
threats at home and abroad;
Expanding Americas
energy boom
to help create more good-paying jobs and save
families money on their bills;
Reining in red
tape
so that its easier to start and grow and business and
thus, create new jobs;
Increasing
employment opportunities
for disabled workers and
improving the administration and coordination of benefits
to
protect communities and our most vulnerable citizens;
Cutting waste and eliminating redundancies
so
that taxpayer dollars are spent with transparency and accountability
or not at all;
Calling on Congress to pass a
balanced budget amendment
so that fiscal responsibility is
locked in for future
generations!
Advancing Reform in the Veterans
Administration
At the same time, the House is off to its earliest start on our
yearly Appropriations bills since 1974.
This week, the House
approved the annual Energy and Water Development bill, which provides
annual funding for vital national defense nuclear weapons activities, the
Army Corps of Engineers, various programs under the Department of
Energy (DOE). This is a responsible bill that prioritizes national security
needs and improving our nation's infrastructure within tight budget
caps. It makes critical investments in the maintenance and safety of
our nuclear weapons stockpile, while also funding important
infrastructure projects and research that will increase U.S. economic
competitiveness and growth.
Locally, the measure also included $982,000
for the Passaic River Mainstem project to continue to study
alternatives to bring flood relief to the communities in the Passaic River
basin.
The House also approved H.R. 2029, Military Construction
and Veterans Affairs Appropriations bill for the 2016 fiscal year
that starts October 1. The legislation secures funding necessary to
provide for our veterans when they come home and to invest in our military
infrastructure. The MilCon/VA bill funds quality housing and
facility renovation for our military personnel and their families and ensures
that we meet the growing health needs of our veterans. The
legislation also demands modernization of the VAs electronic health record
system by tying funding to its ability to demonstrate progress on the
systems functionality and interoperability.
The failure to
modernize electronic health records system, long treatment delays and
persistent backlogs in benefits appeals decisions are just three of the
major problems plaguing the modern day VA.
Created in 1930,
Veterans Affairs is an 84-year-old bureaucracy that hasnt adapted to a
21st century world.
This legislation will help pull the VA out of
the old-tech, slow system of yesteryear.
Learn more about
these two bills
here
and
here .
Latest Stop on my Listening Tour: Morris
Chamber of Commerce
I had the privilege on Monday
morning of meeting with more than 100 members of the Morris Chamber of
Commerce.
While I was happy to provide them an update on the
international security environment, including threats to our homeland, I
was eager to hear what was on their minds.
I fielded questions on
the tentative Iran nuclear agreement, Russian aggression in Ukraine,
the Islamic State, and the negative effects of Obamacare on the
economy and businesses.
Baltic Neighbors Gird Against
Russia.
Coastal states bolster their defenses as Moscow takes a
more forward military stance.
Read the
Wall
Street Journal
story
here .
The U.S. Chamber of Commerce's prestigious Spirit of Enterprise
Award is given annually to members of Congress based on their votes on
critical business legislation. Members who support the Chamber's
position on at least 70% of outlined votes qualify to receive the
award.
Wayne Student Captures 11 th
Congressional
District Art Competition Honors
I had the honor of
recognizing the honorees in this years Congressional Arts
Competition on Monday night.
Camila Rosario of Wayne Valley High
School won first place for her colored pencil work entitled, Joy and
Innocence of Childhood.
The annual Congressional Art
Competition is an excellent opportunity to recognize the rich talents of our
young people. I commend our local high schools for encouraging their
students to showcase their artistic skills in this years
competition.
A student from Chatham High School, Melissa Danitz, was
awarded second place for her oil on canvas work entitled, Colors on a City
Street.
Jamilyn Rose, of Hanover Park High School, was awarded
third place for her piece, Sonic Boom.
Honorable Mention
awards were given to Natalie Almonte of Boonton High School for her
acrylic piece Girl with the Silver Earrings and Jason Levine, of
Livingston High school for his digital artwork entitled
Gravity.
Ms. Rosario winning entry will be hung in the U.S.
Capitol.
Fifty-eight from area high schools participated in this years
competition. Over 150 people attended the Congressional Art competition
reception at the Morris Museum.
The annual Congressional
Art Competition has been promoting Americas young artists for three
decades.
Contact
Information
WASHINGTON, D.C.
2306 Rayburn House Office
Building
Washington, DC 20515-3011
(202) 225-5034
NEW
JERSEY
30 Schuyler Place, Second Floor
Morristown, NJ
07960
(973) 984-0711
Update My Profile
-
Unsubscribe
-
Privacy Policy
gateway mail end
