
Miller Newsletter
April 5, 2015
Veterans Corner
VA Joint Field Hearing and Oversight Visit: Wisconsin
I traveled to Tomah, Wisconsin, last week with members of the House and Senate to conduct an oversight hearing to examine extremely high opiate prescription rates at the Tomah Veterans Affairs Medical Center, as well as patient deaths and an alleged culture of fear among hospital employees. Jointly held by the House Committee on Veterans' Affairs and the Senate Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs, the hearing followed news reports that the hospitals opiate prescriptions increased more than fivefold from 2004 to 2012 despite a decline in the number of veterans seeking care at the facility. The hospitals prescribing practices were so pronounced, according to some news reports, that local veterans began calling the hospital Candy Land.
At least one veteran died of a drug overdose in the hospitals psychiatric ward. This trip provided Members of Congress the opportunity to hear directly from families of veterans treated at the medical center and others with insight into the operation of the hospital to gain a better understanding of what happened and ensure this atrocious malpractice never happens again.
Chairman Miller with Marvin Simcakoski, father of veteran Jason Simcakoski, who died of an overdose while receiving inpatient care at the Tomah VA Medical Center.
While in Wisconsin, I also had the opportunity to tour the Milwaukee VA Medical Center and meet with facility leaders.
During my visit, we discussed the VA Choice program and how it is working in both the metropolitan area and surrounding rural communities.
In addition, I also took the opportunity to visit VAs La Crosse, Wis., outpatient clinic, which includes a dedicated mental health unit.
With the hearings emphasis on VAs overutilization of high risk medications, it was informative to visit with VA health care providers and hear directly from them on this issue.
VA Gulf Coast Veterans Health Care System (GCVHCS), JACC/Pensacola
Last week, the VA Joint Ambulatory Care Center (JACC) in Pensacola sustained damage due to flooding caused by a broken water fitting. The JACC was forced to close on Monday for emergency repairs. I visited the facility to survey the damage firsthand and meet with the GCVHCS Director Anthony Dawson and other leaders to discuss the events surrounding the flooding, including the cause, the actions taken by staff to notify veterans of the closure and the rescheduling of appointments. The facility will receive a full inspection to ensure there is no mold, and VA expects to have most appointments rescheduled within the next three to four weeks.
Chairman Miller with Dr. M. Christopher Saslo/GCVHCS Associate Director of Patient Care Services/Nurse Executive and Mr. Anthony L. Dawson/GCVHCS Director (L-R)
In the District
Tour of USS INDEPENDENCE with Chief of Naval Operations
The very first
USS Independence
was commissioned in 1776 in Massachusetts, at a time when the name was hard-fastened to her hull, but the fate of American independence remained in the balance.
She was a brig of twelve guns; a wooden sloop relying on sails for propulsion and manpower for everything else.
Today, much like our great Nation, the
USS Independence
is much stronger, more capable, and certainly unrecognizable to an 18th century American sailor.
Time has replaced sails with state of the art propulsion systems.
The wooden hull is now a steel trimaran with a stabilized monohull, capable of reaching remarkable speeds.
Cannons have given way to a 57mm naval gun system which can reach out and touch our enemies at more than 9 miles away.
However, two very important things have not changedthe existence of enemies to our freedom and the indomitable fighting spirit of the American sailor.
I had the distinct honor of participating in a tour of the
USS Independence
with the Chief of Naval Operations, Admiral Greenert on Wednesday.
It gave us a firsthand look at the state of the art technologies, integrated information systems, and flexible mission packages available on the Littoral Combat Ship (LCS).
But these advancements are only tools to be used in defense of our Nation.
Just as it was during Americas founding, the real fight is brought by the officers and crew who give the ship life, and it was an honor to spend some time with them.
I appreciate Admiral Greenert for inviting me on the LCS tour, as well as all the officers and crew of the
USS Independence . I wish them fair winds and following seas as they defend freedom and independence around the globe.
Congressman Miller with Chief of Naval Operations, Admiral Jonathan Greenert aboard the USS Independence
Constituent Voice
An issue that continues to be on the minds of many constituents throughout Northwest Florida, in addition to Members of Congress, is religious freedom in the military. As a strong supporter and protector of religious liberty for our men and women in uniform and civilians alike, I have consistently fought for robust oversight of the Department of Defense (DoD) when servicemembers' religious freedoms have come under fire. While there is a fine and delicate balance between Equal Opportunity and Religious Freedoms, I am concerned that disciplinary actions against chaplains violate First Amendment free speech protections that are undergirded by statute reflected in the National Defense Authorization Acts of fiscal years 2013 and 2014, along with specific Department of Defense Instructions.
Earlier this year, Members of Congress sent a letter to Army Secretary McHugh and Gen David Perkins, which I cosigned, asking for the details concerning the November 20, 2014 incident in which Army Chaplain Lawhorn was reprimanded for conducting his duties for the spiritual and emotional health of his servicemembers.
While conducting a mandatory suicide awareness and prevention briefing for the 5th Ranger Training Battalion, Chaplain Lawhorn provided a simple double-sided handout that offered both spiritual and secular behavioral health resources available to soldiers for managing depression, making clear that the spiritual options were just some of many available resources. Subsequently, for these actions, Chaplain Lawhorn was issued a Letter of Concern stating this made it impossible for those in attendance to receive the mandatory resource information without also receiving the biblical information.
The Letter of Concern was filed despite the absence of a formal Equal Opportunity complaint within the chain of command, and despite the fact that Chaplain Lawhorn had not violated any Army regulations.
Unfortunately, Chaplain Lawhorns issue is not an isolated incident.
Most recently, I cosigned a letter with over 30 of my colleagues, asking Secretary Mabus and Admiral Kibben for more details surrounding the allegations against Chaplain Modder and his commanding officers request that he be detached for cause because of his views and expression on pre-marital sex and homosexuality.
As a reassurance to chaplains, sailors, and the public, my colleagues and I requested that the Navy provide us the steps it is taking to reinforce the policies and protections in place for servicemembers and chaplains to freely exercise their religiously-informed beliefs, including the freedom of chaplains to adhere to the tenets of their faith as they perform and provide all aspects of their ministry, including counseling sessions. We also requested information as to how the Navy has been implementing the conscience protections passed by Congress and what training has been provided to chaplains, JAG officers, Equal Opportunity officers, and commanding officers.
These actions taken against chaplains in these incidents send the wrong message not only to chaplains of all faiths throughout the military, but also to soldiers, that spirituality and religion are not welcome in the Armed Services as viable methods for coping with suicidal thoughts or other personal issues more broadly.
I will continue to work with my colleagues to ensure religious freedoms are protected within the Defense Department and across the Nation.
In the News
Preliminary Deal Reached with Iran
As President Obama and Secretary of State Kerry laud the preliminary agreement reached with the Iranian leadership on Thursday regarding the ongoing nuclear talks, I remain very concerned about the negotiating abilities of this Administration.
While this apparent agreed-upon framework has been reached, the core elements of concern have not.
The essential issues of how the International Atomic Energy Agency and the United States will actually verify Iran is holding up its end of the bargain, the short time window through which Irans alleged peaceful nuclear program can turn more nefarious, the amount of centrifuges demanded by Tehran, and the 10-year sunset clause remain to be addressed.
The State Department admitted it cannot trust Iran, which begs the question, how can we verify the terms of the treaty?
Iran, through many of its terrorist proxies, holds Lebanon and Yemen hostage to its expansionist designs, has inflamed the civil war in Syria, threatens Israels existence, and has deepened sectarianism in Iraq. The combination of Iran's unhindered quest for nuclear weapons and support for global terrorism undermines the stability of the Middle East, the very existence of our ally Israel, and U.S. interests. Beyond being an agent of regional instability, Iran's global reach poses a dangerous challenge to the international community as a whole.
Yet, while discussing the terms of an obviously extremist regime obtaining nuclear weapons, this Administration seems too willing to lift the effective economic sanctions currently placed on Iransanctions which brought Iran to the negotiating table in the first placewhile refusing to demand that Iran cease its support for international terrorism.
While the Administration continues to negotiate with the Iranians on a final deal that is now due by June 30, 2015, I urge our leadership to clearly communicate to Tehran that its cessation of support for international terrorism, strict and transparent verification procedures, and the abrupt end to
its continued violent rhetoric towards Israel must all be non-negotiables.
If Iran fails to reach these prerequisites, I would recommend stricter economic sanctions on Iran until such conditions are met.
France, China, and Russia have all walked away from the table due to the Iranian demands.
With stakes as high as a nuclear-armed Iran, we must not be afraid to negotiate from a position of power.
Miller Media Clips
To read some recent press clips highlighting my work on behalf of Florida's First Congressional District and our Nations veterans and servicemembers, click on the links below:
VA in Scandal: Lawmakers Slam VA Inspector General
VA to relinquish control over construction of $1.73B Denver hospital
Caution flag up after easing of VA 'Choice Card' usage
Jeff Miller and Adm. Greenert tour USS Independence
Gulf Coast Will Be A Hub For New Navy Combat Ships
Congressional panel hears emotional testimony
VA Inspector General To Investigate Philly Directors $288K Relocation Payment
Families ask Congress for accountability at Tomah VA
House Republicans Ask Appropriators to Block Funds for Implementing Obama's Executive Amnesties
Congressional Panels Probe Opiate Prescriptions At Wis. VA Hospital
VA watchdog to investigate payout of $288,000 in relocation expenses to one senior VA official
Long-time Education CIO, VA acquisition execs retire
Major problems still plague VA care; hundreds of millions go to schedulers not appointments
Effort to stop Obama immigration executive action in 2016
Easter Message
Today, individuals around the world recognize a central component of the Christian faith: the crucifixion, death, and resurrection of our Lord Jesus Christ. As many of us spend the Easter weekend with our family, friends, and loved ones, let us not lose sight of the powerful meaning behind this special day.
We honor and praise our Lord for gifting us with eternal life. Vicki and I wish you a joyous Easter.
For God so loved the world that he gave his one and only Son, that whoever believes in him shall not perish but have eternal life. John 3:16
Passover Message
Last Friday at sunset, millions of Jews around the world began the week-long observance of Passover.
As told in the Book of Exodus, Passover commemorates the liberation of the Jewish people from slavery in Egypt and the beginning of a new Jewish nation.
It is celebrated with a Seder dinners, where food is served to symbolize the harrowing journey from slavery to freedom.
To those celebrating Passover, Vicki and I wish you a happy Passover.
Then Moses said to the people, Commemorate this day, the day you came out of Egypt, out of the land of slavery, because the LORD brought you out of it with a mighty hand. Eat nothing containing yeast. Exodus 13:3
As always, I welcome your comments. To share your thoughts on legislation, votes or issues, please visit http://jeffmiller.house.gov/ to send an e-mail or call any of my offices.
Thanks,
Jeff
Click Here
to view this email in your browser
Click Here
to be removed from this list