
Website
|
About
|
Contact Me
|
Serving You
|
Media Center
|
Legislative Work
|
Our District
|
Resources
April 24, 2015
The Scalise Capitol Report
Securing a Victory for Louisiana Coastal Restoration
Exciting news for Louisiana: $10 million in funding has been included in the House Energy and Water Appropriations Bill to fund crucial coastal restoration projects. This enormous victory brings us one step closer to restoring our wetlands. Securing funding for the Louisiana Coastal Area Beneficial Use of Dredged Material (LCA BUDMAT) program is a bipartisan issue that Congressman Cedric Richmond (D-La.) and I have proudly championed over the last five years on the House floor. LCA BUDMAT is vital in restoring our bayous and wetlands, enhancing our hurricane and flood protection systems, and strengthening the habitats of species unique to our state. With the inclusion of funds for LCA, I am also calling on our state leaders in Baton Rouge to make this a top priority for Louisiana. We must do whatever is necessary to take aggressive action to reverse years of coastal erosion before it is too late. I look forward to working on this legislation with Congressman Richmond and our colleagues so we can bring this bill to the floor and secure passage of this critical funding next week.
Updating You on the Steve Gleason Act
Back in February I joined my colleagues, Reps. Cathy McMorris Roger (R-Wash.) and Erik Paulsen (R-Minn.), in introducing the Steve Gleason Act in the House. U.S. Sen. David Vitter (R-La.) introduced the Senate counterpart to this bill. Exciting news: the Senate has unanimously passed the Steve Gleason Act! I applaud Senator Vitter for his relentless work and persistence to successfully champion this bipartisan piece of legislation through the Senate. This legislation will ensure that people with disabilities will have more opportunities when seeking treatments, cures and independence. In working with Senator Vitter, I am committed to leading the effort to pass the Steve Gleason Act through the House. I will continue to be a fierce champion for this bill and all legislation that improves the lives of those who refuse to be defined by their disabilities.
Protecting Americans From Hackers and Cyber Attacks
Hard-working Americans face a barrage of cyber attacks on a daily basis. Recognizing this serious threat, House Republicans took action this week and passed two pieces of legislation to protect Americans from future cyber attacks. In the case of many cyber breaches, foreign governments that are attempting to steal valuable personal and financial information are costing families and small businesses billions of dollars every year. In fact, the average cost to a small business in 2014 was
$20,752
almost triple the what cyber attacks cost small business in 2013. Thats why the House moved to improve our nations cyber security and protect our privacy and personal data.
Two bills, the Protecting Cyber Networks Act and the National Cybersecurity Protection Advancement Act passed the House with strong bipartisan support. These bills empower businesses to voluntarily share information on cyber threats with other businesses and federal agencies who know how to prevent many attacks, while simultaneously protecting Americans privacy and personal data. These are important steps to help the private and public sector to work together and protect our homelands cyber infrastructure, utilities, intellectual property, and even sensitive government information from attacks.
Click on the photo above to watch why we need a pro-privacy, pro-security Cybersecurity bill
It is an honor to represent you in Congress. For more information please visit my
website ,
Twitter , Instagram , and
Facebook
pages.
God Bless,
Steve Scalise
House Majority Whip
WEBSITE
|
UNSUBSCRIBE
|
CONTACT
Washington DC Office
2338 Rayburn HOB
Washington, DC 20515
Phone: (202) 225-3015
Houma Office
8026 Main Street
Suite 700
Houma, LA 70360
Phone: (985) 879-2300
Metairie Office
110 Veterans Boulevard
Suite 500
Metairie, LA 70005
Phone: (504) 837-1259
Mandeville Office
21454 Koop Drive
Suite 1E
Mandeville, LA 70471
Phone: (985) 893-9064
Hammond Office
1514 Martens Drive
Suite 10
Hammond, LA 70401
Phone: (985) 340-2185
Click Here Click Here