
E-news Sign-up
Sunday March 29, 2015
CONTACT STEVEN
Balancing the Budget
This Week in Congress
This week the House passed a balanced budget.
This is something the president has never done, despite the fact that our country is $18 trillion dollars in debt and growing.
Its hard-working Americans that are bearing the effects of the federal governments out of control spending problem and we cant continue down this detrimental path.
Its time for the federal government to live within its means.
H.R. 1527, a Balanced Budget for a Stronger America:
Balances the budget in less than ten years and cuts $5.5 trillion in spending
Full repeal of Obamacare and promotes patient-centered healthcare solution's
Gives more authority and flexibility to the states on a number of programs including education
Restores defense funding to ensure our men and women in uniform always have the tools and resources they need to do their job
Teletown Hall
Tuesday night thousands of South Mississippians joined me on a live call to discuss our nations leading issues. I answered questions from constituents on topics ranging from Israel to the ATF ammo ban.
Throughout the call participants also responded to several survey questions.
Ive posted those survey questions and results below.
Q1: How should the U.S. handle the situation with Iran?
Answer
Votes %
Support the president &amp; allow him to act unilaterally in his negotiations
11%
The president should seek ratification from Congress
24%
America should keep sanctions in place until Iran agrees to end its nuclear program
60%
Other
5%
Q2: What would you like to see included in the House budget?
Answer
Votes %
Tax Reform
8%
A repeal of Obamacare
6%
A repeal of the presidents executive amnesty
7%
All of the Above
79%
Q3: Which of the following issues do you believe is MOST important to South Mississippi?
Answer
Votes %
Repeal Obamas executive amnesty and secure our borders
30%
Repeal and replace Obamacare
13%
Pass an education bill that eliminates common core and gives authority to the states
12%
Protect our 2 nd
Amendment right to bear arms
17%
Provide for a strong defense
28%
Q4: Do you think Congress should repeal SGR and replace it with a system that provides stability to Medicare and ensures seniors have access to doctors?
Answer
Votes %
No
5%
Yes
95%
Listening to my constituents and making sure your voices are heard is my number one priority.
If you weren't able to participate in this past teletown hall I hope you can join me next time!
Mississippians in DC
As always, it was a pleasure meeting with Mississippis State Treasurer Lynn Fitch this week.
On Wednesday, I was pleased to meet with four members of the Associated Student Body from the University of Mississippi.
As always, if we can be of any assistance please call or visit my office.
For more updates I encourage you to connect with me on
facebook ,
t witter ,
or by visiting my
website .
In Your Service,
Steven M. Palazzo
NOTE: Please DO NOT respond to this email as this inbox is unattended. To contact my office please
click here
UNSUBSCRIBE
|
PRIVACY POLICY
|
CONTACT US
Click Here Click Here