
If you are having trouble
viewing this message or would like to share it on a social network, you
can
view the message
online .
April 15, 2015
Tonight's Tele-townhall Rescheduled
Due to a large
series of votes on the Senate Floor, I will be rescheduling the
tele-townhall meeting I was planning on holding tonight.
I am now
planning on holding this event next
Wednesday, April 22, at 7:00
p.m. MT .
If you were planning on attending the event
tonight, I hope you will still be able to attend next week.
If you
have already signed up, you will still be added to the event.
If you haven't signed up yet,
you can sign up
here .
Taxes destroy, entrap and
squeeze Americans -- let's fix them
Most Americans
instinctively understand that "the power to tax is the power to destroy"
especially meaningful words on the day that our tax returns are due to the
IRS.
To appreciate the dangers and dysfunction of today's
tax code, we must understand how it functions not only as a destroyer,
but as an arbiter of opportunity, propping up those at the top of the
economy, holding down those at the bottom, and squeezing everyone else
in between.
While developing the latest version of my tax
reform proposal (the
Economic Growth and Family
Fairness Tax Reform Plan ) with my colleague Sen. Marco Rubio, R-Fla., I
found that the power to tax is also the power to
protect
businesses, industries and special interests that are sufficiently
powerful, wealthy or well-connected to obtain special tax treatment from
Congress.
These protections come in a variety of forms. There
are the brazenly parochial special rules
the earmarks of the tax
code
that benefit narrow interests. There are provisions that grant an
unjustified advantage to large and powerful incumbents, shielding them
from the rigors of fair competition. And there are narrowly tailored
credits that lower the tax liability for favored businesses and
fashionable special interests.
By allocating capital and labor
according to the preferences of political and economic elites, rather
than the wisdom of free people cooperating in free markets, these
cronyist protections create a drag on the economy. They impede growth. They
dull our competitive edge. And they reward those who invest in
influence instead of innovation.
While the tax code helps prop up
those at the top of the economy, it often serves as an anchor pulling
down those at the bottom of the income scale. Here, the power to tax
is the power to
entrap .
People of good will can
disagree over the proper role of government in providing assistance to
those trying to climb out of poverty. But everyone should agree that our
public policy shouldn't make that climb harder than it already
is.
Yet that's exactly what our tax code does. Together with our
welfare system, it penalizes low-income workers for getting a job,
getting married, or getting a raise
all critical steps for getting out
of poverty.
At the same time, our tax code compounds the
economic insecurity plaguing the hardworking Americans in or aspiring to
the middle class. For those in vast middle of the economy, the power
to tax is the power to
squeeze .
Click here to read more about my tax reform proposal
Click here to share your feedback for my tax reform
proposal
Share on Facebook Share on Twitter
Washington, D.C.
Office
361A Russell Senate Office
Building
Washington, D.C.,
20510
Phone: 202.224.5444
Fax: 202.228.1168
Salt Lake City
Wallace F. Bennett Federal Building
125 South State, Suite 4225
Salt Lake City, UT
84138
Phone: 801.524.5933
Fax: 801.524.5730
St. George
Office
of Senator Michael S. Lee
285 West
Tabernacle, Suite 200
St. George, UT
84770
Phone: 435.628.5514
Unsubscribe
|
Update My Profile
|
Privacy Policy
