
[if (gte mso 9)]>
<![endif]
Rep. Bob Goodlatte
School Lunches That Kids Will Eat
Heavy-handed federal regulations have seeped into
nearly every aspect of American life, including the school lunch line. Just a few days ago, I had the opportunity to visit with food service staff at
Elkton Middle School and enjoy a good lunch with 7th graders. These folks take pride in the food they prepare and enjoy serving students. They are not
opposed to nutritional requirements, but as more federal regulations are passed down the line it has become increasingly difficult to prepare food
that complies with federal requirements and that students will actually eat. At a visit to Waynesboro High School a few months ago, the concerns were
similar.
Child nutrition programs are vitally important. A growing
child cannot learn very well when he or she is hungry. The school lunch program helps ensure our nation&rsquo;s children are fed and able to reach
their full potential in the classroom. However, instead of providing local school administrators and school nutrition professionals with useful
information and flexibility to serve nutritious meals to students, the Department of Agriculture has over-regulated the school lunch program. In turn,
this has made it difficult for school districts to tailor their meals to their own population of students and still remain afloat in their budgets.
Photos: A good visit and lunch at Elkton Middle School!
At the root of this problem is the
Healthy, Hunger-Free Kids Act ,
which was signed into law by President Obama in 2010. While the nutrition goals of the school lunch program created by this bill were not
ill-intentioned, the regulations created by it are unworkable and unsustainable in reality. For this reason, I voted against the bill in the House of
Representatives.
This law places burdensome, unfunded mandates on local
school districts and state governments, increasing the prices for some lunches and allowing federal bureaucrats to determine what foods children can
and cannot be served at school.
Since this law went into effect, we have seen that school districts, including those throughout the Sixth
Congressional District, have experienced challenges in meeting these onerous requirements, and for some, the number of students participating in the
school lunch program has actually decreased.
While we can all agree that
a nutritious school lunch is important, we must be careful to not let federal bureaucrats run local school lunch programs. I am concerned that we are
seeing heavy-handed federal regulations having an effect contrary to the one intended by the law, that of discouraging students from eating school
lunch or threatening the financial viability of these programs.
I
believe teachers, parents, and school administrators, those closest to our students, know better than Washington bureaucrats how to provide nutritious
lunches that their students will choose to eat. I will continue working to find ways to provide local schools with the flexibility they need in the
lunch line while still ensuring that our taxpayer dollars are being spent responsibly.
Judiciary Committee Approves
USA Freedom Act
Click here to watch
my opening statement on the USA Freedom Act.
The
USA Freedom Act
reforms our nation&rsquo;s intelligence-gathering programs to ensure they operate in a manner that reflects core American values. This bill ends bulk
collection of data, strengthens protections for civil liberties, increases transparency, and prevents government overreach, while also protecting
national security. This week's
strong, bipartisan vote
in the House Judiciary Committee (25-2) to approve the
USA Freedom Act
demonstrates that surveillance reform is not a partisan issue,
it&rsquo;s an American issue. I look forward to the full House of Representatives bringing this bill up for consideration.
This Week in
Photos...
Top Left to Right: Meeting Miss Virginia USA, Laura Puleo, who is a 3rd year law student at W&amp;L; At the Roanoke Job
Fair; VMI cadets provided music for the VA National Guard Association's Annual Conference; and, touring Advanced Auto Parts in
Roanoke.
# # #
www.Goodlatte.House.Gov
This message was
generated from an unattended mailbox.
Should you have further questions, please visit the &quot; Contact Bob &quot;
section of my website or call my office at (202) 225-5431.
This message was intended for:
dj724530@gmail.com
You were added to the system November 2, 2013.
For more information
click here .
Update your preferences
Unsubscribe
|
Unsubscribe via email
