 affecting neighborhoods in the District, including the Palisades, Foxhall, and Bellevue, at the Palisades Recreation Center (5200 Sherier PL NW) from 7:30 p.m.
9:30 p.m.
The public meeting will give neighbors the opportunity to hear from officials representing the Federal Aviation Administration (FAA) and the Metropolitan Washington Airports Authority (MWAA), and for officials to hear from you.
I have worked with constituents for many years to find a remedy.
We had intermittent success, but the noise keeps returning.
As a member of the House Aviation Subcommittee, I have gotten commitments from FAA and MWAA that they will work together with community leaders to finally solve this problem.
Promises are one thing, but now it is time for solutions we can implement immediately.
Residents know this issue best.
I urge residents to attend to help resolve the chronic problem of airplane noise.
A Victory For D.C.s Anti-Discrimination Laws; Fight Continues in Appropriations Process
This past Saturday, two District of Columbia anti-discrimination laws, which have been under attack by Republicans in the House and Senate, officially took effect after an epic fight, with strong help from Democratic leaders, Democratic Members, and even 13 Republicans.
With the end of the congressional review period last Friday, both laws took effect on Saturday.
In a move not seen since 1991, the House voted to pass a resolution to disapprove and overturn one of the D.C. laws , the Reproductive Health Non-Discrimination Act (RHNDA).
RHNDA prohibits employers from discriminating based on employees private reproductive health decisions, even though employees are willing to carry out employers policies.
Thankfully, with the help of a national coalition of reproductive health, LGBT, and human rights organizations, we were able to prevent even consideration of the disapproval resolution introduced in the House and Senate on D.C.s Human Rights Amendment Act (HRAA), which repeals a congressionally imposed provision that permits schools in D.C. to deny LGBT students equal access to facilities and services.
Virtually all Democrats rallied to D.C.s cause, increasing national attention on the war on women (and men) and this anti-home-rule effort from Republicans, who constantly preach the principle of local control of local affairs.
President Obama issued a strong statement condemning the RHNDA disapproval resolution , saying that if it came to his desk, he would veto it.
Democratic Leader Nancy Pelosi (D-CA), Democratic Whip Steny Hoyer (D-MD), and dozens of House Democrats denounced the RHNDA disapproval resolution in remarks and on the House floor.
This is a victory for the District and our residents, but the fight will continue with the appropriations process in sight.
Although the House passed the disapproval resolution, 13 Republicans voted with Democrats against the resolution, unusual considering the 114th House is the most conservative in memory, and in committee the RHNDA disapproval resolution passed on a party-line vote.
Many thanks in particular to Planned Parenthood and NARAL Pro-Choice America for scoring how Members voted.
Republican leadership knew this was ultimately a losing issue for them, and tried to minimize attention to their effort to allow discrimination against D.C. employees based on their private reproductive health decisions by starting debate on the RHNDA bill late into Thursday night, and not holding the vote until 10:40 p.m.
Although we have won this fight for now, the appropriations process is quickly approaching, giving Republicans another avenue through which to block D.C. local laws, including the two anti-discrimination bills, our marijuana legalization initiative, our gun laws, our needle exchange program, and funding for abortion services for low-income women.
It will be a tough fight, but we are prepared to fight until we prevail.
Fighting Republican Cuts to WMATA Safety Funds
Last week, the House Appropriations Committee released its 2016 Transportation, Housing and Urban Development Appropriations bill, which cuts in half federal funding to the Washington Metropolitan Area Transit Authority (WMATA) from $150 million to $75 million.
As the top Democrat of the House Highways and Transit Subcommittee, I am fighting to return these funds to Metro.
The funding would be the seventh installment of a 10-year, $1.5 billion promise from Congress that was made and delivered only after nine District of Columbia-area residents were tragically killed in a 2009 Metro crash.
These federal funds, matched by a $150 million contribution from the District, Maryland, and Virginia, are vital for WMATAs major safety initiatives, including implementing the new 7000-series cars, which have drastically improved crashworthiness.
In addition, Metro is vital to the functioning of the federal government because nearly half of Metros rush hour passengers are federal workers.
I joined my colleagues in the national capital region congressional delegation to issue a bipartisan statement condemning the cut for jeopardizing rider safety . The Washington Post editorial board said the potential cut would be a terrible blow to the federal workforce and to the regions transportation and security infrastructure.
Working with my colleagues in the House and Senate, I am making every attempt to restore the needed funding for the safety of Metro riders.
Provision Adopted to Allow Sledding on Capitol Hill
Last week, Representative Sam Farr (D-DC), one of D.C.s strongest legislative allies, worked with us for passage of a provision in the House Appropriations Committee that will result in non-enforcement of a law that prohibits sledding on Capitol Grounds .
This is a big win for D.C. kids and their families, who simply wanted to restore our citys longest standing sledding traditions.
In February and again in March, I wrote to the U.S. Capitol Police Board to request that the ban on sledding be lifted, but it was ultimately D.C. residents who came out by the dozens in March to protest the silly ban that got the U.S. Capitol Police to use common-sense policing and allow sledding.
If the provision is enacted into law this year, I look forward to taking Representative Farr with me next snowfall to officially lift the sledding ban for our kids and families.
After Gyrocopter Incident and Increased Security Concerns, Ensuring We Maintain Public Access to D.C.s Federal Buildings and Areas
Last week, the House Oversight and Government Reform Committee held a hearing investigating the security of the nations capitals airspace after a man landed a gyrocopter on the West Lawn of the U.S. Capitol on April 15.
Knowing security officials often overact to such incidents by closing off public spaces, I used the occasion to reintroduce my United States Commission on an Open Society with Security Act to balance legitimate security concerns with public access .
My bill establishes a commission of experts from a broad spectrum of disciplines to investigate how to maintain democratic traditions of openness while responding adequately to the substantial security threats posed by terrorism and other risks.
Security regulations should not be determined unilaterally by security agencies.
Instead, we need a balanced approach that involves experts with a wide range of backgrounds that take into account security threats posed by terrorism and other risks and the need to maintain the open and accessible tradition at our public spaces and buildings.
doctype html
Congresswoman Nortons e-Newsletter
Monday, May 4, 2015
Tomorrow: Community Discussion on Airplane Noise
Seeking a Lasting Solution on Airplane Noise for Our Neighborhoods
Tomorrow, I am hosting a
community meeting to discuss airplane noise
affecting neighborhoods in the District, including the Palisades, Foxhall, and Bellevue,
at the Palisades Recreation Center (5200 Sherier PL NW) from 7:30 p.m.
9:30 p.m.
The public meeting will give neighbors the opportunity to hear from officials representing the Federal Aviation Administration (FAA) and the Metropolitan Washington Airports
Authority (MWAA), and for officials to hear from you.
I have worked with constituents for many years to find a remedy.
We had intermittent success, but the noise keeps returning.
As a member of the House Aviation Subcommittee, I have gotten commitments
from FAA and MWAA that they will work together with community leaders to finally solve this problem.
Promises are one thing, but now it is time for solutions we can implement immediately.
Residents know this issue best.
I urge residents to attend to help
resolve the chronic problem of airplane noise.
A Victory For D.C.s Anti-Discrimination Laws; Fight Continues in Appropriations Process
This past Saturday, two District of Columbia anti-discrimination laws, which have been under attack by Republicans in the
House and Senate, officially took effect after an epic fight, with strong help from Democratic leaders, Democratic Members, and even 13 Republicans.
With the end of the congressional review period last Friday, both laws took effect on Saturday.
In a move
not seen since 1991,
the House voted to pass a
resolution to disapprove and overturn one of the D.C. laws , the Reproductive Health Non-Discrimination Act (RHNDA).
RHNDA prohibits employers from discriminating based on employees
private reproductive health decisions, even though employees are willing to carry out employers policies.
Thankfully, with the help of a national coalition of reproductive health, LGBT, and human rights organizations, we were able to prevent even consideration
of the disapproval resolution introduced in the House and Senate on D.C.s Human Rights Amendment Act (HRAA), which repeals a congressionally imposed provision that permits schools in D.C. to deny LGBT students equal access to facilities and services.
Virtually all Democrats rallied to D.C.s cause, increasing national attention on the war on women (and men) and this anti-home-rule
effort from Republicans, who constantly preach the principle of local control of local affairs.
President Obama issued a strong statement condemning
the RHNDA disapproval resolution , saying that if it came to his desk, he would veto it.
Democratic Leader Nancy Pelosi (D-CA), Democratic Whip Steny Hoyer (D-MD), and dozens of
House Democrats denounced the RHNDA disapproval resolution in remarks and on the House floor.
This is a victory for the District and our residents, but the fight will continue with the appropriations process in sight.
Although the House passed the disapproval resolution, 13 Republicans voted with Democrats against the resolution, unusual
considering the 114 th
House is the most conservative in memory, and in committee the RHNDA disapproval resolution passed on a party-line vote.
Many thanks in particular to Planned Parenthood and NARAL Pro-Choice America for scoring how Members
voted.
Republican leadership knew this was ultimately a losing issue for them, and tried to minimize attention to their effort to allow discrimination against D.C. employees based on their private reproductive health decisions by starting debate on the RHNDA
bill late into Thursday night, and not holding the vote until 10:40 p.m.
Although we have won this fight for now, the appropriations process is quickly approaching, giving Republicans another
avenue through which to block D.C. local laws, including the two anti-discrimination bills, our marijuana legalization initiative, our gun laws, our needle exchange program, and funding for abortion services for low-income women.
It will be a tough fight,
but we are prepared to fight until we prevail.
Fighting Republican Cuts to WMATA Safety Funds
Last week, the House Appropriations Committee released its
2016 Transportation, Housing and Urban Development Appropriations bill,
which cuts in half federal funding to the Washington
Metropolitan Area Transit Authority (WMATA) from $150 million to $75 million.
As the top Democrat of the House Highways and Transit Subcommittee, I am fighting to return these
funds to Metro.
The funding would be the seventh installment of a 10-year, $1.5 billion promise from Congress that was made and delivered only after nine District of Columbia-area residents were tragically killed in a 2009 Metro crash.
These federal funds,
matched by a $150 million contribution from the District, Maryland, and Virginia, are vital for WMATAs major safety initiatives, including implementing the new 7000-series cars, which have drastically improved crashworthiness.
In addition, Metro is vital
to the functioning of the federal government because nearly half of Metros rush hour passengers are federal workers.
I joined my colleagues in the national capital region
congressional delegation to issue a bipartisan statement condemning the cut for jeopardizing rider safety . The
Washington Post
editorial board said the potential cut
would
be a terrible blow to the federal workforce and to the regions transportation and security infrastructure.
Working with my colleagues in the House and Senate, I am making every
attempt to restore the needed funding for the safety of Metro riders.
Provision Adopted to Allow Sledding on Capitol Hill
Last week, Representative Sam Farr (D-DC), one of D.C.s strongest legislative allies, worked with us for passage of a
provision in the House Appropriations Committee that
will result in non-enforcement of a law that prohibits sledding on Capitol Grounds .
This is a big win for D.C. kids and their families, who simply wanted to restore our citys
longest standing sledding traditions.
In February and again in March, I wrote to the U.S. Capitol Police Board to request that the ban on sledding be lifted, but it was ultimately D.C. residents who came out by the dozens in March to protest the silly ban
that got the U.S. Capitol Police to use common-sense policing and allow sledding.
If the provision is enacted into law this year, I look forward to taking Representative Farr with me next snowfall to officially lift the sledding ban for our kids and families.
After Gyrocopter Incident and Increased Security Concerns, Ensuring We Maintain Public Access to D.C.s Federal Buildings
and Areas
Last week, the House Oversight and Government Reform Committee held a hearing
investigating the security of the nations capitals airspace after a man landed a gyrocopter on the West Lawn of the U.S. Capitol on April 15.
Knowing security officials often overact to
such incidents by closing off public spaces, I used the occasion to reintroduce
my United States Commission on an Open Society with Security
Act to balance legitimate security concerns with public access .
My bill establishes a commission of experts from a broad spectrum of disciplines to investigate how to maintain
democratic traditions of openness while responding adequately to the substantial security threats posed by terrorism and other risks.
Security regulations should not be determined unilaterally by security agencies.
Instead, we need a balanced approach that
involves experts with a wide range of backgrounds that take into account security threats posed by terrorism and other risks and the need to maintain the open and accessible tradition at our public spaces and buildings.
Thanks for subscribing!
Follow Congresswoman Norton on
Facebook ,
Twitter ,
Instagram ,
YouTube , or her
website
for more updates.
Capitol Hill Office
2136 Rayburn HOB
Washington, D.C. 20515
Phone: (202) 225-8050
Fax: (202) 225-3002
S.E. District Office
2041 Martin Luther King Jr. Ave., S.E.
Washington, D.C. 20020
Phone: (202) 678-8900
Fax: (202) 678-8844
Main District Office
90 K Street, N.E., Suite 100
Washington DC 20001
Phone: (202) 408-9041
Fax: (202) 408-9048
To unsubscribe from our list, please click here .
