
E-news Sign-up
Monday, April 13, 2015
CONTACT STEVEN
Understanding the Needs of South Mississippi
In Case You
Missed It...
Camp Shelby command changes hands
Clarion Ledger
Congressman Steven Palazzo , who serves as a non-commissioned officer in the Mississippi National Guard, said Smith did an excellent job as commander and he is looking forward to what Michel has in store for the base.
Chief of Naval Operations joins congressman on tour of Ingalls shipyard
Sun Herald
PASCAGOULA -- Chief of Naval Operations Adm. Jonathan Greenert and
U.S. Rep. Steven Palazzo
toured Ingalls Shipyard on Thursday to see progress on a new class of naval destroyers and amphibious assault vehicles.
Over the past two weeks, I have traveled throughout Mississippi and there has been one over-arching message from everywhere I go and everyone I talk to: jobs and the economy are important.
The best part of my job is getting to meet and talk with the men, women, and children who make up the Fourth Congressional District, so I would like to thank each and every person I met with over the past two weeks. It is my honor to represent you in Congress and I look forward to taking your message back to Washington next week.
Tour of Selex Galileo
This week, I had the opportunity to meet with the CEO of Selex Galileo, Dr. Robert Del Boca. Together we toured Selexs facility at Stennis Space Center and discussed potential future opportunities for the company. Selex operates with avionic systems integration as well as command and control for security forces. The company began operating at Stennis Space Center in 2006. Today, Selex is looking to grow their operation in Hancock County.
Hancock Port &amp; Harbor Commission
While in the district, I also had the opportunity to meet with Hancock Port and Harbor Commission Director Ashley Edwards and his team. During my visit, we talked about future business opportunities for commercial industries at or near Stennis. Home to dozens of private companies and federal agencies, Stennis Space Center is a unique federal city that has the potential to grow exponentially in the coming years.
Religious Freedom in the Military
Besides jobs and the economy, one issue that came up in the past several weeks is the status of the investigation of Navy Chaplain Wesley Modder. Lieutenant Commander Modder was recently removed from his post, and an investigation has mounted as to whether this move was in response to his religious expression.
In response, I co-authored a letter to Secretary of the Navy Ray Mabus asking what steps the Navy is taking to reinforce the policies and protection in place for service members and chaplains to freely exercise their religiously-informed beliefs. The investigation process into this matter will be lengthy, but I believe this is a first step that is both productive and demands protection for our service men and women.
As always, if we can be of any assistance please call or visit my office. For more updates I encourage you to connect with me on
facebook ,
t witter , or by visiting my
website .
In Your Service,
Steven M. Palazzo
Member of Congress
NOTE: Please DO NOT respond to this email as this inbox is unattended. To contact my office please
click here
UNSUBSCRIBE
|
PRIVACY POLICY
|
CONTACT US
Click Here Click Here