
If you are having
trouble viewing this message or would like to share it on a social
network, you can
view the
message online .
April 10, 2015
Unsubscribe
Update My
Profile
Website
|
About
Doug
|
Constituent Services
|
Issues &amp;
Legislation
|
News
|
Contact Doug
Reforming the VA Budgeting
Process
4/10/15
Recently, Congressman Doug Lamborn played a key role in
reforming the flawed budgeting process of the VA and helped bring much
needed accountability to the table. In a House Committee on Veterans
Affairs hearing, Congressman Lamborn submitted an amendment to H.R. 216
that added a review panel, made up of veterans, to the quadrennial
review of the VA budget strategy. This amendment addressed a longstanding
Congressional concern regarding the independence of the quadrennial
review.
H.R. 216
Summary courtesy of
Congress.gov
Department of Veterans Affairs Budget Planning Reform Act
of 2015
Directs the Secretary
of Veterans Affairs (VA) to submit annually to Congress a
future-years veterans program (program) reflecting estimated expenditures and
proposed appropriations included in the budget for that fiscal year.
Requires each program to set forth a five-year VA plan to address the U.S.
commitment to veterans and the resources necessary to meet that
commitment.
Requires the Secretary,
in 2019 and quadrennially thereafter, to conduct a review of the
strategy for meeting such commitment and resources requirement
(quadrennial veterans review). Requires each review to be coordinated with the
above program. Directs the Secretary to report to the congressional
veterans committees on each review.
Directs the Secretary to provide annually to the appropriate VA
officials written policy guidance for the preparation and review of the
planning and program recommendations and budget proposals of the VA
elements of such officials.
Requires the Secretary to designate a Chief Strategy Officer to advise the
Secretary on long-range VA strategy and
implications.
Directs the Secretary to seek to study (through
an independent contractor) and report to the veterans committees on
the functions and organizational structure of the Office of the
Secretary and the VA, including the most efficient and economical allocation
and structure for assisting the Secretary in carrying out duties and
responsibilities.
Lamborn Amendment to H.R.
216
(e) Independent Veterans Review
Panel.(1) Not later than February 1 of a year in which a quadrennial
veterans review is conducted under this section, the Secretary shall
establish an independent panel to be known as the Independent Veterans
Review Panel (in this subsection referred to as the Panel). The
Panel shall have the duties set forth in this
subsection.
(2) The Panel shall be
composed of 10 members who are recognized experts in matters relating to
veterans. The members shall be appointed as
follows:
(A) Two by the chairman of the
Committee on Veterans Affairs of the House of
Representatives.
(B) Two by the
chairman of the Committee on Veterans Affairs of the
Senate.
(C) Two by the ranking
member of the Committee on Veterans Affairs of the House of
Representatives.
(D)
Two by the ranking member of the Committee on Veterans Affairs of the
Senate.
(E)
Two by the Secretary, who shall serve as co-chairs of the
panel.
(3) Members
shall be appointed for the life of the Panel. Any vacancy in the Panel
shall be filled in the same manner as the original
appointment.
(4) The Panel shall
have the following duties with respect to a quadrennial veterans
review:
(A) While
the review is being conducted, the Panel shall review the updates from
the Secretary required under paragraph (7) on the progress of the
conduct of the review.
(B) The Panel shall
(i) review the Secretarys terms of reference and any
other materials providing the basis for, or substantial inputs to,
the work of the Department of Veterans Affairs on the quadrennial
veterans review;
(ii) conduct an assessment of the assumptions, strategy, findings, and
risks included in the report on the quadrennial veterans review
required in subsection (c);
(iii) conduct an independent assessment of a variety of
strategies for delivering services and support to
veterans;
(iv) review the resource
requirements identified pursuant to subsection (b)(3) and, to the
extent practicable, make a general comparison to the resource requirements
to support the strategies assessed under this subparagraph;
and
(v) provide to the
Committees on Veterans Affairs of the Senate and the House of
Representatives and the Secretary, through the report under paragraph (7),
any recommendations the Panel determines
appropriate.
(5) If the Secretary has not
appointed members to the Panel under paragraph (2)(E) by February 1 of
a year in which a quadrennial veterans review is conducted under this
section, the Panel shall convene for its first meeting with the
remaining members.
(6) Not later than three months after the date on which the report
on a quadrennial veterans review is submitted under subsection (c) to
the Committees on Veterans Affairs of the Senate and the House of
Representatives, the Panel shall submit to such committees a report
containing an assessment of the quadrennial veterans review, including a
description of the items addressed under paragraph (4) with respect to
that quadrennial veterans
review.
(7) Periodically, but not less often than every 60
days during the life of the panel, or at the request of the
co-chairs, the Secretary shall brief the Panel on the progress of the conduct
of the quadrennial veterans
review.
(8)(A) The Panel may request directly from the
Department such information as the Panel considers necessary to carry
out its duties under this subsection. The Secretary shall cooperate
with the Panel to ensure that information requested by the Panel under
this subparagraph is promptly provided to the maximum extent
practical.
(B) Upon
the request of the co-chairs, the Secretary shall make available to the
Panel the services of any federally funded research and development
center that is covered by a sponsoring agreement of the
Department.
(C) The Panel
shall have the authorities provided in section 3161 of title 5 and shall
be subject to the conditions set forth in such
section.
(D) Funds for activities
of the Panel shall be provided from amounts available to the
Department.
(9) The
Panel shall terminate 45 days after the date on which the Panel submits
the report on the quadrennial veterans review under paragraph
(6).
Contact Info
WASHINGTON OFFICE
2402 Rayburn
HOB
Washington, DC 20515
Phone: (202) 225-4422
Fax:
(202) 226-2638
DISTRICT OFFICE
1125 Kelly Johnson Blvd., Suite
330
Colorado Springs, CO 80920
Phone: (719) 520-0055
Fax: (719)
520-0840
DISTRICT OFFICE
415 Main Street
Buena
Vista, CO 81211
Phone: (719) 520-0055
Fax: (719)
520-0840
Update My Profile
-
Unsubscribe
-
Privacy
Policy
