DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.0 Transitional//EN" "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml1/DTD/xhtml1-transitional.dtd"
District Update | April 17, 2015
Click here
if you have trouble viewing this email
Dear Friends,
As Chairman of the House Foreign Affairs Committee, I wanted to bring to your attention my recent op-ed featured by
CNN :
The
outlines of a nuclear deal with Iran are in place . Unfortunately, it seems like too many in President Barack Obama's administration have forgotten that the only reason this terrorist-supporting state came to the negotiating table in the first place was because of tough sanctions imposed by Congress.
Indeed, the reality is that President Obama is giving up enormous leverage in his nuclear deal with Iran -- and I worry we will lose it for good.
Bleeding money, and faced with falling oil prices, Supreme Leader Ayatollah Khamenei gave his government rare permission to bargain with the "Great Satan" -- the United States. But just as U.S. and European sanctions were forcing Iran to the nuclear crossroads, President Obama has given Tehran an easy exit. For Khamenei, the "framework" announced [this month] looks like a win-win: He gets to keep his nuclear infrastructure, and in return gets billions of dollars in sanctions relief.
You can read more
here .
In announcing a nuclear framework agreement with Iran, President Obama declared that If Iran cheats, the world will know.
But just last week, Irans Supreme Leader asserted that Iran wouldnt allow international inspectors access to its military facilities. The issue of inspections and verification will be key to how Congress views any final nuclear agreement. Will inspectors have quick, unimpeded, go-anywhere, anytime access? Who can they interview; what documents can they review; can they take environmental samples? All of these major issues still need to be resolved.
Irans record of clandestine activity and intransigence prevents holding any trust whatsoever in Iran. At a
hearing
Im convening next week, the House Foreign Affairs Committee will hear from former top weapons inspectors and experts to learn what it would take for the Administrations bold assertion on verification to be credible.
Sincerely,
Ed Royce
News for April 10 - April 17, 2015
Royce Office Accepting Entries to Congressional Art Competition
Rep. Royce has announced the start of the 2015 Congressional Art Competition for high school students from the 39th Congressional District of California. The winning student's artwork will hang in the U.S. Capitol alongside winning pieces from every Congressional district across the country.
All interested high school artists from California's 39th Congressional District may participate in this year's contest by submitting their entries no later than 5:00 PM on Wednesday, April 29, to either one of Rep. Royce's district offices:
Brea Office
210 W Birch Street, Suite 201
Brea, CA 92821
Rowland Heights Office
1380 Fullerton Rd, Suite 205
Rowland Heights, CA 91748
More information on submission guidelines and the contest can be found
here .
Condoleezza Rice draws crowd to Royce Women's Conference
Swimming pools and drinking fountains still had whites only signs when Condoleezza Rice was growing up in Birmingham, Ala.
She felt the weight of that persecution in 1963, after her kindergarten classmate was among the four girls killed when members of the Ku Klux Klan bombed Sixteenth Street Baptist Church.
Still, her parents
both educators who never made more than $60,000 between them
taught her to never be a victim. They told her shed have to work twice as hard. But if she did, there would be no limits on what she could accomplish.
Somebody has to be first, said Rice, who went on to become the first woman to serve as National Security Adviser and the first black woman to serve as Secretary of State.
Rice shared this message with
more than 1,000 women
at Rep. Ed Royces Womens Conference at Cal State Fullerton.
The seventh annual conference was the largest by far, and Royce, R-Fullerton, attributes much of that to having Rice as keynote speaker.
She is a role model for women around the world, Royce said.
Read more
here .
Royce Leads the Fight for HHT Patients
This week, Rep. Royce introduced the Hereditary Hemorrhagic Telangiectasia Diagnosis and Treatment Act, legislation to improve the diagnosis and treatment of hereditary hemorrhagic telangiectasia (HHT).
The Hereditary Hemorrhagic Telangiectasia Diagnosis and Treatment Act will result in more early detection of HHT, an emphasis on preventative care, lower healthcare costs for families taking care of a patient, and lives saved.
HHT , also known as Osler-Weber-Rendu Syndrome, is a commonly misdiagnosed genetic disorder that afflicts one in 5,000 Americans and over 1.4 million people across the world. A person with HHT may form blood vessels without the capillaries, tiny blood vessels that pass blood from arteries to veins, that are usually present in the body. Those with HHT experience a variety of symptoms, including chronic nosebleeds, disfiguring skin lesions, seizures, and bleeding into major organs such as the lungs and brain.
CONNECT
Facebook
Youtube
ORANGE COUNTY OFFICE
210 W. Birch Street, Ste 201
Brea, CA 92821
T (714) 255-0101
LOS ANGELES COUNTY OFFICE
1380 S. Fullerton Road, Suite 205
Rowland Heights, CA 91748
T (626) 964-5123
WASHINGTON, DC OFFICE
2310 Rayburn House Office Building
Washington, DC 20515
T (202) 225-4111
UPDATE SUBSCRIPTION OPTIONS
|
PRIVACY POLICY
|
CONTACT US
Click Here Click Here