
We&rsquo;ve all read a lot of stories about Presidential bids this week, but there&rsquo;s one you haven&rsquo;t read.
David -- We&rsquo;ve all read a lot of stories about Presidential bids this week, but there&rsquo;s one you haven&rsquo;t read.
Senators Rand Paul, Ted Cruz, and likely Marco Rubio: These are
all
GOP Senators who are using their Senate seats as a launching pad to the White House.
And here&rsquo;s what we see in all of this --
Who we elect to the U. S. Senate matters.
It impacts legislation. It impacts lives. And it can even impact the future leadership of our country.
It&rsquo;s why we at the DSCC do what we do -- we fight to elect Democratic Senators, so we can defeat and replace extreme Republicans.
And because of supporters like you&hellip;
We were there when consumer rights champion Elizabeth Warren decided to help Massachusetts reclaim Teddy Kennedy&rsquo;s Senate seat.
We were there in 2004 when a community organizer named Barack Obama ran for the Senate in Illinois.
We were there when Hillary Clinton made history by running for the Senate in New York.
And we were there in 2009 to provide President Obama with the 60-seat Senate majority he needed to make Obamacare the law of the land, confirm two Supreme Court justices, and keep Social Security strong.
If you&rsquo;re proud to be a part of the DSCC, to have helped elect incredible leaders like Clinton, Warren, and Obama to the U.S. Senate, I hope you&rsquo;ll pitch in $3 today to help us recruit and support the next generation of Democratic U.S. Senators.
Your support matters.
Thank you for standing with the DSCC,
Tom Lopach
DSCC Executive Director
Democratic Senatorial Campaign Committee
P.O. Box 96047
Washington, DC 20090
Paid for by the Democratic Senatorial Campaign Committee, dscc.org,
and not authorized by any candidate or candidate&#39;s committee.
The DSCC is the only organization solely dedicated to supporting Democrats in the U.S. Senate. This message was sent to dj724530@gmail.com because you are a part of the DSCC&rsquo;s grassroots network. Please add us to your address book or approved senders list to make sure you keep receiving DSCC updates.
Emails are a critical way for us to stay in touch with our grassroots supporters. 99% of the DSCC&rsquo;s contributions come from grassroots donors giving less than $200. We also strive to keep you updated on issues related to the Democratic Party&rsquo;s values.
If you&rsquo;d like to stop receiving emails related to this campaign, please
click here .
If you&#39;d like to make a contribution to support us, please
click here . We are already beginning to prepare for the fight ahead &ndash; reclaiming the majority in 2016. It will take every single grassroots supporter, but we know it&rsquo;s possible with your help. If you&rsquo;d like to stop receiving all emails from the DSCC, please
unsubscribe . We greatly appreciate your continued support.
Contributions or gifts to the DSCC are not tax deductible.
