
If you are having trouble viewing this message or would like
to share it on a social network, you can
view the message online .
HOME
ABOUT STEVE
SERVICES
3RD
DISTRICT
ISSUES &amp; LEGISLATION
NEWSROOM
April 03, 2015
Russellville Town
Hall
Tuesday, April 7, 2015
5:00-6:30PM CDT
Black
Box Room at the Center for the Arts
Russellville High
School
2209 South Knoxville Avenue
Russellville, AR
72802
Fort
Smith Town Hall
Thursday, April 9,
2015
5:30-7:30PM CDT
Fort Smith Senior Activity
Center
2700 Cavanaugh Road
Fort Smith, AR
72908
Questions?
Call my
office!
There are many challenges
facing our nation--challenges that must be addressed sooner rather than
later. House Republicans are working every day to advance real
solutions to these challenges. I am hosting town halls across the Third
District, so I can hear what's most important to you and bring that message
back with me to Washington. Armed with your feedback and ideas, we
will continue to fight for the American people by passing thoughtful,
innovative, and commonsense solutions to that lead to greater freedom and
opportunity for you. I hope you will take a moment to take this quick
survey, so I can be sure to talk about the issues you feel are most
pressing. Creating jobs
and building a healthy economy Reducing spending and the size of government Establishing a fairer, simpler tax
code Protecting
Americans at home and abroad Reforming our broken immigration system Addressing the problems with our health care
system Strengthening Americas
schools Fighting
climate change Other *By
answering this survey, you are subscribing to my newsletter. If you are having trouble, click here.
REMEMBERING JOHN PAUL
This week was an extremely sad one for
the Third District and the entire state of Arkansas because John Paul
Hammerschmidt, our former U.S. Representative (1967-1993), passed
away on Wednesday at the age of 92. John Paul was a statesman and one of
our most steadfast advocates
he always put Arkansas first. As the
lone Republican in our delegation for many years, John Paul proudly
fought to protect Arkansass conservative values in Congress while working
bipartisanly to bring critical transportation infrastructure to the
Third District, enabling northwest Arkansass explosive growth. For
this work and for his legendary constituent service, he garnered enormous
respect. Simply put, no one did it better. He leaves behind a
grateful state forever indebted for his decades of service. My prayers are
with his family.
WEEK IN
REVIEW
On Sunday and
Monday, I was at West Point to attend the quarterly Board of Visitors
(BOV) meeting, where I was proudly elected to serve as the BOV Vice
Chair! While there, I ran into Fort Smith Northside senior William
Farrell who received appointments to both West Point and the U.S. Naval
Academy!
I spent the
rest of this first week of the two-week district work period traveling
throughout the Third District.
On Tuesday, I started off my day by speaking to the
Siloam Springs Rotary Club at their regular lunch.
Afterward , I
headed over to
City Hall to meet Siloams new City Administrator, Phillip Patterson,
before making my way to DaySpring Christian card company for a tour.
With their cards, DaySpring connects people with the heart of God
through messages of hope and encouragement every day, everywhere, and I
very much enjoyed seeing how these cards are made and hearing about
how they promote God through their printed messages. Thank you for
having me!
My
Wednesday was spent in the eastern-most part of the Third District.
My
first stop was a
business roundtable in the town of Pindall.
From there, I made my way back to Harrison for visits to Hillcrest Home
( read about my visit via
the Harrison Daily Times ) and Clay Maxey Ford before
hosting a town hall ( read
about my town hall in the Harrison Daily ). Before
kicking off my town hall in his hometown, I had the opportunity to
pay tribute to John Paul
Hammerschmidt . Rest peacefully, John Paul. It was truly
a great day in Searcy and Boone Counties! Thanks to everyone who was
part of it.
On Thursday, I visited Bentonville High, where I got to see the
bike shop and learn about the schools Environmental and Spatial
Technology (EAST) and the Gateway Alternative Learning Environment programs.
The EAST program engages students in solving relevant problems they
find in the community, and students at BHS are working on a variety of
interesting projects that integrate technology with history, literacy,
architecture, and design. The Gateway Alternative Learning
Environment program provides students with challenges that make success in
a traditional classroom setting difficult with support and innovative
instruction to continue on a path toward graduation with a focus on
entrepreneurship. I also toured EOA Childrens House in Springdale
before hosting my second town hall of the week. During the town hall, I had
the pleasure of presenting Ryan Kim (Fayetteville) with the
Congressional Bronze Medal for his achievements in voluntary public service,
personal development, physical fitness, and exploration. Thank you to
all who came out, and congrats to Ryan!
Today is Good Friday, and on this
most holy
of days, I
wish blessings to you and your family.
This weekend, people around the world will be united
in a special way as we celebrate Easter. In that spirit, tomorrow I am
looking forward to once again participating in the M&amp;N Augustine
Foundation Annual Trent Trumbo Easter Feed at the Central United
Methodist Church in Fayetteville. I hope to see you
there.
Christ made the ultimate
sacrifice so that we may live through Him. It is through such sacrifices
that we are granted the opportunity to humble our hearts and renew our
faith. This Easter, I pray that you will join me in sharing this sense
of restored strength and hope in each other
and in this great nation
so that we, too, can create a better future for our
children.
It is truly a
blessing to represent you and the people
of
Arkansass Third District. I look forward to
seeing many of you as I continue my district work next week. Be sure
to keep an eye on
my
calendar
and
my facebook page
to find out where I will
be!
Happy
Easter
and God
bless.
From the
Front...
Congressman Steve Womack
Arkansas Third
District
Washington, DC
1119 Longworth HOB |
Washington, DC 20515 |
(202) 225-4301 tel |
(202) 225-5713 fax
Fort Smith
423 North 6th Street
Fort Smith, AR 72902
(479) 424-1146 tel
(479) 424-2737
fax
Harrison
303 N. Main Street,
Suite 102
Harrison, AR 72601
(870)
741-6900 tel
(870) 741-7741
fax
Rogers Office
3333 Pinnacle Hills,
Suite 120
Rogers,
AR
72758
(479) 464-0446 tel (479) 464-0063
fax
Unsubscribe
|
Update My
Profile
|
Privacy Policy
gateway mail end
