
Dear Friends,
As many of you know, there has been real movement across the country to legalize marijuana at the state level. In fact, more than two-thirds of Americans now live in jurisdictions that have legalized either the medical or adult use of marijuana.
What you may not know is that there is a section in the Internal Revenue Code &ndash; Section 280E &ndash; that excludes many marijuana businesses operating in compliance with state law from deducting common expenses of running a small business, such as rent, most utilities and payroll. The results are crippling, with legal marijuana businesses in certain circumstances paying federal income tax rates at nearly 90 percent, while the U.S. Small Business Administration estimates that many small businesses pay an effective rate of around 20 percent. How is this fair?
Section 280E creates an unequal and unrealistic tax burden on state-legal businesses, which is why today Senator Ron Wyden and I announced the Small Business Tax Equity Act to reconcile state marijuana laws and federal tax law. This legislation would create an exception to Internal Revenue Code Section 280E to allow marijuana businesses operating in compliance with state law to take deductions associated with the sale of marijuana like any other legal business.
Even conservative tax activist Grover Norquist, President of Americans for Tax Reform, is supporting this proposal, saying: &ldquo;Congress never intended to impose a gross receipts tax &ndash; and that's pretty much what we have here &ndash; on legal business owners decades in the future. The intent of the law was to go after criminals, not law abiding job creators. Congress needs to step up and clarify that this provision has become a case study in unintended consequences.&rdquo;
It is time for the federal government to catch up with the states. We should level the playing field for small businesses that create jobs and boost local economies.
The Small Business Tax Equity Act
would do just that.
If you are interested in learning more about federal marijuana policy, read my report:
The Path Forward: Rethinking Federal Marijuana Policy .
Sincerely,
Earl Blumenauer
Member of Congress
Please do not respond to this email.
Click here to contact me .
District Office
&bull; 729 N.E. Oregon Street &bull; Suite 115 &bull; Portland, OR 97232 &bull; Phone: (503) 231-2300
Washington D.C. Office
&bull; 1111 Longworth Building &bull; Washington, DC 20515 &bull; Phone: (202) 225-4811
Unsubscribe
