
If you are having
trouble viewing this message or would like to share it on a social
network, you can
view the
message online .
About
Contact
Services
Media Center
Legislation
Issues
Resources
April 12, 2015
Friends,
At a time when barbaric
terrorists like ISIS and murderous regimes like Iran wreak havoc throughout
the Middle East and threaten global security, America owes it to our
allies and our citizens to lead.
Unfortunately, President Obama
and his administration have not done a credible job in demonstrating
strength of conviction in this region. This was the case in Syria,
where President Obama failed to hold President Bashar Al-Assad
accountable for crossing the red line. Were now seeing dangerous consequences
in Yemen, which was once touted as an anti-terrorism success story,
as it descends into a civil war.
These events are the direct
culmination of the administrations feckless management of international
affairs and unfocused strategy in the Middle East.
President
Obamas failure to project American leadership on the global stage is
continuing to undermine our allies, embolden our enemies and create
doubts about Americas
strength.
To put it simply, our
allies do not trust us and our enemies do not fear us,
which is
demonstrated by the ongoing nuclear negotiations with Iran. President
Obama has time and time again offered dangerous concessions to Iran at
the expense of Israel, our strongest ally in the Middle East.
Recently, the Obama administration and international negotiators announced
they reached a framework for a future agreement aimed to stop Iran from
obtaining nuclear weapons. Since then, President Obama and his top
advisors have relentlessly tried to peddle this faulty framework to
Congress, the American people and our allies.
Despite the smoke
and mirrors, we can clearly see that this preliminary deal could
potentially pave Tehrans path to a nuclear
bomb.
One of the
most alarming red flags under the framework is the fact that Iran
would be allowed to continue operating thousands of centrifuges. Further,
it leaves much of Tehrans nuclear infrastructure in place, including
its once secret underground facility at Fordow, which would remain
open for peaceful research.
Allowing Iran to continue pursuing
nuclear technology with the false pretense of peace gives it the
capability to build a weapon before the world can react.
In fact,
President Obama told
NPR News
last week that - if the general
outline of the accord is agreed to and followed by Iran - once it
expires, Iran would be able to build a nuclear bomb almost immediately.
If the president admitted that this framework could lead to a
nuclear-equipped Iran and a subsequent nuclear arms race in the Middle East,
why should we accept
it?
In addition to
legitimizing Irans quest for nuclear capabilities, this interim outline
suggests that our strongest sanctions would be lifted almost
immediately. These sanctions are the only reason Iran is at the negotiating
table. Contrary to the narrative the administration is portraying that
Iran will receive economic relief only upon verification, Iranian Supreme
Leader Ayatollah Ali Khamenei demanded that all sanctions be lifted
exactly when a final agreement is signed.
Lifting
sanctions would be extraordinarily naive and empower Iran to strengthen its
economy, build its nuclear program and funnel even more money and
weapons to terrorist
groups.
It is no secret that I have long
been a skeptic of negotiating with such an untrustworthy regime.
As it pretends to engage in good-faith negotiations, Iran continues
to aggressively drive its regional influence and fill the vacuum of
power in the Middle East.
Consider this, in the wake of the
interim deal, Iranian leaders publicly called for Death to America. I
agree that diplomacy is the preferred method to negotiate with Iran,
but instead of accepting a bad deal, we must pursue every avenue to
ensure that Iran does not fully develop nuclear weapons.
As
your Representative, I will continue to be a strong voice for our
national security interests and in opposition of any deal that paves the
way for Iran to obtain nuclear weapons
capabilities.
Until next
week,
Richard Hudson
Member of Congress
(NC-08)
2015 Congressional Art
Competition
I'm excited to
announce
that my office is now accepting entries
from all interested Eighth District high school students for the 2015
Congressional Art
Competition .
All entries must be an original in concept, design and execution and may
not be larger than 28 x 28 x 4, including the frame. Interested
students should submit entries to our Concord or Rockingham District
offices by
5:00 p.m. on Friday, April 24,
2015.
If you would like more information on the annual Congressional Art
Competition, please contact Anthony Frey in the Concord office at (704)
786-1612, or visit our website at
Hudson.house.gov/art-competition.
Concord
Office
325 McGill Ave, NW
Suite
500
Concord, NC 28027
Phone: (704)
7861612
Rockingham Office
1015 Fayetteville Rd
Rockingham, NC 28379
Phone: (910) 9972070
Washington D.C.
Office
429 Cannon HOB
Washington, DC 20515
Phone: (202) 2253715
Unsubscribe
|
Update My
Profile
|
Privacy Policy
gateway mail end
