
History has taught me that: Nothing is impossible. We must be relentless in order to achieve our goals.
David,
History has taught me that:
Nothing is impossible
We must be relentless in order to achieve our goals.
And right now, my friends at the DSCC are facing their most important fundraising goal yet -- a $300,000 end-of-month goal -- and they&rsquo;ve still got $198,000 to go. Can you pitch in right now to help them meet this ambitious goal?
In the U.S. Senate, we have our share of issues that sometimes feel pretty impossible: making college more affordable, protecting voting rights, overturning
Citizens United&hellip;
But
I believe
we can make progress on all of these issues. A big part of that progress, though, will be electing leaders who share our vision.
And I know
that members of the DSCC will be the key to making that happen.
Can I count on you to step up and make a donation of $3 to
help the DSCC, David? They&rsquo;ve got an incredibly ambitious end-of-month fundraising goal to meet -- and with your help I know they can do it.
The DSCC is working with candidates across the country right now. They&rsquo;re helping to make sure that the balance shifts towards progress in 2016. Let&rsquo;s make sure they have everything they need to get the job done.
Sincerely,
Cory Booker
U.S. Senator, New Jersey
P.S. I left out a third thing that history taught me -- it&rsquo;s everyday people who determine the path of our nation.
Every one of us holds the key to progress -- I hope you&rsquo;ll make a gift today and be a part of it.
Democratic Senatorial Campaign Committee
P.O. Box 96047
Washington, DC 20090
Paid for by the Democratic Senatorial Campaign Committee, dscc.org,
and not authorized by any candidate or candidate&#39;s committee.
The DSCC is the only organization solely dedicated to supporting Democrats in the U.S. Senate. This message was sent to dj724530@gmail.com because you are a part of the DSCC&rsquo;s grassroots network. Please add us to your address book or approved senders list to make sure you keep receiving DSCC updates.
Emails are a critical way for us to stay in touch with our grassroots supporters. 99% of the DSCC&rsquo;s contributions come from grassroots donors giving less than $200. We also strive to keep you updated on issues related to the Democratic Party&rsquo;s values.
If you&rsquo;d like to stop receiving emails related to this campaign, please
click here .
If you&#39;d like to make a contribution to support us, please
click here . We are already beginning to prepare for the fight ahead &ndash; reclaiming the majority in 2016. It will take every single grassroots supporter, but we know it&rsquo;s possible with your help. If you&rsquo;d like to stop receiving all emails from the DSCC, please
unsubscribe . We greatly appreciate your continued support.
Contributions or gifts to the DSCC are not tax deductible.
