DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.0 Transitional//EN" "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml1/DTD/xhtml1-transitional.dtd"
April 1, 2015
Click here
if you have trouble viewing this email
Fixing Medicare
Dear Friend,
Before we pause for our Easter and Passover celebrations, I want to share a few encouraging news items from the House of Representatives. We continue to see progress on several of our top legislative priorities.
By an overwhelming margin of 392-37, the House voted last week to put Medicare on sound fiscal footing, repealing the Medicare Sustainable Growth Rate (SGR) formula. This bipartisan bill institutes long-term reforms that save taxpayers money, better serve patients, and return stability to physician payments.
This bill is good for Upstate New York because it reauthorizes community health care centers, extends full funding for the Childrens Health Insurance Program (CHIP), continues the Protecting Access to Medicare Act of 2014, helps low-income seniors pay their premiums, and protects payments to doctors in underserved regions.
The nonpartisan Congressional Budget Office found that these reforms will reduce the deficit, balancing our commitment to both current and future generations. More work remains, to be sure, but last weeks vote is a milestone in our years-long effort to improve the way we deliver health care in our nation.
We are also working to make it easier to operate and expand a small business in rural America. Last week, I joined my colleagues on the House Small Business Committee in voting to approve the
Small Contractors Improve Competition Act
(HR 1481), which levels the playing field for myriad industries across the country.
Our hearings determined that contract bundlingthe practice of consolidating a series of contracts for related goods or services into a single awardexcludes many small businesses from the federal procurement process. Opening the process to more bidders increases competition and lowers costs for taxpayers. Ultimately, HR 1481 will strengthen our industrial base and put more people to work. I am proud this package of reforms is the first bill out of our committee in the 114th Congress, and I am hopeful this legislation will be adopted by both chambers and signed into law in the months ahead.
Our legislative priorities take shape during meetings with constituents. My schedule this week includes meetings with representatives of the Brain Injury and Alzheimers associations, students and teachers in Hudson, the director of the New York State Broadband Program, former Navy Seabees, and Lyme disease advocates. Tomorrow, April 2, Ill participate in a roundtable discussion with local officials and members of the Catskill Association for Tourism Services at the Andes Hotel in Delaware County.
On Tuesday, April 6, I encourage you to stop by the new office I share with state Senator Sue Serino at 4254 Albany Post Road in Hyde Park. Well be there to celebrate our grand opening between noon and 2 PM. Later next week, Ill be meeting with Schoharie County public safety officials, visiting the Palatine Valley Dairy in Montgomery County, and celebrating Yellow Ribbon Day with veterans in Halfmoon.
To schedule a meeting or invite me to an event in your community, please contact me at gibsonscheduling@mail.house.gov. You can also follow my
public schedule
and
voting record
online at www.gibson.house.gov.
Thank you for taking the time to read my newsletter. I hope that you and your family have a safe and joyous Easter and Passover. Please keep our servicemen and women and first responders in your prayers during these holy days. Happy spring!
Sincerely,
Chris Gibson
Member of Congress
IN THE NEWS
TWC News:
New President of Afghanistan Addresses US Congress
TWC News:
Scientists Say Ticks Are Becoming More Popular In Hudson Valley
Post Star:
Gibson, Stefanik introduce legislation to honor soldier killed in World War II
WRGB:
Rep. Chris Gibson to be honored by Audubon Council of NY
C-SPAN:
Hearing on Defense Department FY 2016 budget request
Mid-Hudson News:
City residents enjoy chilly Kingston St. Pats Parade
WWNY:
Upstate Congress Members Throw Support Behind Drum
ON THE HILL
How can we help you?
CONNECT
RSS Feeds
Facebook
Youtube
Twitter
Click Here Click Here