
If you are having trouble viewing this
message or would like to share it on a social network, you can
view the message online .
About Lynn
|
Constituent Services
|
Issues
|
Media Center
|
Legislative
Center
|
Georgia's Third District
|
Contact Me
May 03, 2015
Capitol
Corner: Harnessing Americas Offshore
Energy
With summer right around the corner, everyone is looking for ways to
keep both their energy prices and thermostats down. As the heat turns
up and the price at the pump starts to increase, those in Washington
should be doing everything they can to help Americans save at the pump
and at home.
That means using the various and abundant sources
our great nation has to offer. I have always been in favor of
all-of-the-above energy solutions so we can keep prices low and increase our
energy security.
Thanks to
innovations in the technology used for oil production, our privately
held reserves have increased production to all-time highs. The increased
production on private lands has increased the global supply of oil to
levels that have dropped the price you pay at the pump.
Unfortunately, while we have had a massive boom in energy production on private
lands, the federal government and this Administration continue dragging
their feet and will not open up federal lands for production. The Obama
Administration insists on keeping more than 85 percent of the Outer
Continental Shelf off-limits to our domestic energy production. Since
2009, oil production on federal land has actually fallen by 9 percent
compared to an increase of 61 percent on state and private lands.
I joined 163 of my colleagues
signing onto a bipartisan and bicameral letter to the Secretary of the
Department of the Interior, Sally Jewell, expressing our concerns with
this administrations offshore energy strategy. The Obama
Administration has proposed restrictions on the lease sale areas in the Atlantic
within the Interior Departments 2017-2022 Five Year Outer Continental
Shelf Leasing Program proposal, and has plans to withdraw permits of
areas offshore of Alaska
holding offshore energy reserves hostage.
Instead of shying away from the reserves on the US Outer Continental
Shelf, we need to make a commitment to our nation that includes
long-lasting energy security, jobs, and oil and gas
production.
Despite the strong bipartisan support on local,
state, and federal levels, the Obama Administration keeps playing
political games and slowing down our domestic energy production. American
energy production provides jobs for our citizens and helps grow our
economy. Thats why tapping into our offshore energy reserves is a
win-win solution. Now is a critical time as we develop our energy policy
and the decisions we make today play a large role in the future of
American oil and natural gas production. I encourage the Obama
Administration to work with Congress on an offshore proposal so we continue to
increase American energy production to keep jobs stable and energy
prices low.
To read the letter sent to
Department of the Interior Secretary Sally Jewel, please
click here .
Share on
Facebook
Share on Twitter
Westmoreland Applauds Passage of
Balanced Budget
Resolution
The U.S. House of Representatives has passed S. Con. Res 11, the
Fiscal Year 2016 Budget Resolution Conference Report. It is the first
joint 10-year balanced budget plan since 2001. I supported the
Balanced Budget and praises its pro-growth
solutions.
The balanced budget is a common sense blueprint to get
our governments spending under control. The budget reduces spending,
repeals ObamaCare, and balances in less than ten years, all while
ensuring our national defense remains strong. It is the result of Congress
listening to the needs of the American people and working together to
find solutions. I am proud to support this budget because it puts the
American peoples priorities first and makes sure our nation is on
the path towards
prosperity.
Specifically, the budget:
Cuts spending by $5.3
trillion
Balances the federal budget by 2024 without
raising taxes
Is expected to grow the economy $400
billion over the next 10 years, according to the Congressional Budget Office
(CBO)
Provides 1.2 million additional
jobs
Repeals ObamaCare to clear the way for more patient-centered
reforms
Improves efficiency, accountability, and oversight
of the federal government
The Fiscal Year 2016
Budget Resolution Conference Report now heads to the Senate for a
vote.
Share on Facebook
Share on
Twitter
Join the Conversation
Tell a Friend
E-mail:
In Other
News
VIDEO: Part One: Westmoreland at International
Regulatory Standards Hearing
On Wednesday, April 29,
2015, Congressman Lynn Westmoreland (R-GA) questioned the witnesses
about the impact of international regulatory standards on the
competitiveness of U.S. insurers...
VIDEO: Part Two:
Westmoreland at International Regulatory Standards
Hearing
On Wednesday, April 29, 2015, Congressman Lynn Westmoreland (R-GA)
questioned the witnesses about the impact of international regulatory
standards on the competitiveness of U.S. insurers...
Westmoreland: Spring
2015
I've been staying busy both in Washington, D.C. and back home
in GA-03. Check out my Facebook album for photos of what I've been up
to...
The Hill: Lawmakers cook off for charity
Fifty
lawmakers shared their favorite dishes in a charity cook-off for the
March of Dimes' 33rd annual Gourmet Gala in Washington on Wednesday
Rep. Lynn Westmoreland (R-Ga.) took home the best presentation award for
his chicken potpie
Fox
News: IRS watchdog recovers thousands of missing Lois Lerner
emails
The Treasurys Inspector General for Tax
Administration notified the Senate Finance Committee Tuesday that they have
recovered thousands of Lois Lerner emails that were not previously
produced to Congress, committee members told Fox News...
Politico: Amendment to Iran legislation
fails
The Senate resoundingly rejected a proposal that
would treat a nuclear deal like a treaty and require two-thirds
approval by the upper chamber, preserving for a day the carefully negotiated
work of Senate Foreign Relations Chairman Bob
Corker...
WASHINGTON, DC
OFFICE 2202 Rayburn House Office Bldg Washington, DC
20515 Phone (202) 225-5901 Fax (202) 225-2515
THIRD DISTRICT OFFICE
1601-B East Highway 34 Newnan, Georgia 30265 Phone (770)
683-2033 Fax (770) 683-2042
Unsubscribe
|
Update My Profile
|
Privacy Policy
