 my pregnant staffers in an article about benefits for working families. As the article noted, three of my top four earners are women. I employ four working moms. I offer generous maternity and paternity benefits as well as the flexibility needed to manage family commitments. And I have sponsored legislation to reduce the cost of child care - which often exceeds college tuition - every year since 2007.
We just wrapped up Women's History Month and it was a perfect opportunity to discuss how far we have come in supporting working women, and how much we have left to do. Women still make only 78 cents to a man's dollar and the United States is currently the only developed country that doesn't mandate paid sick days or paid maternity leave.
I'm calling on my colleagues in Washington to join me in supporting equal pay for equal work, paid sick days, and paid family leave.
Expanding educational opportunities for women and investments in women entrepreneurs are also essential for women's success in our economy.
I hope you take a moment to read the Sun's article
- and join me in supporting working families across Maryland!
Dutch
DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD HTML 4.0 Transitional//EN" "http://www.w3.org/TR/REC-html40/loose.dtd"
Dear Friend,
I have always prided myself on having a small but dedicated and diverse staff in my Washington and Timonium offices. Currently, I employ 14 full-time staffers: seven women and seven
men. Up until two weeks ago, three were pregnant (congratulations to our District Director, Jennifer Riggs Driban, on the birth of her little girl). In case you&#8217;re curious, that means 43 percent of the women in my office were expecting at once!
The Baltimore Sun
recently featured
my pregnant staffers in an article about benefits for working families. As the article noted,
three of my top four earners are women. I employ four working moms. I offer generous maternity and paternity benefits as well as the flexibility needed to manage family commitments. And I have sponsored legislation to reduce the cost
of child care - which often exceeds college tuition - every year since 2007.
We just wrapped up Women&#8217;s History Month and it was a perfect opportunity to discuss how far we have come in supporting working women, and how much we have left to do.
Women still make only 78 cents to a man&#8217;s dollar and the United States is currently the only developed country that doesn&#8217;t mandate paid sick days or paid maternity leave.
I'm calling on my colleagues in Washington to join me in supporting equal pay for equal work, paid sick days, and paid family leave.
Expanding educational opportunities
for women and investments in women entrepreneurs are also essential for women&#8217;s success in our economy.
I hope you take a moment to read the Sun&#8217;s article
&#8211; and join
me in supporting working families across Maryland!
Dutch
