
Friday April 24, 2015
SHARE ON:
Getting Things Done For the American People
Last week marked 100 days of the new Congress. While theres plenty more work to be done, weve already passed legislation to balance the budget, boost job creation, provide tax relief for hard working families, support our veterans, combat human trafficking, and so much more. In total, weve passed 62 bills, which more than doubled the 25 passed in the first 100 days of the 113th Congress and is twice as many as the 31 passed in the 112th Congress. Eight of those bills have been signed into law.
Click here
for a more in-depth review of the past 100 days of working for the people's priorities.
Upcoming Events:
My office will be holding three events as resources for constituents in the coming weeks.
Monroe Military Academy Night
Congressman Walberg will be hosting an information session for high school students interested in applying to a military service academy and learning more about the nomination process. Representatives from these excellent institutions will be on hand to share information and answer questions.
Date: Monday, April 27
Time: 5:00
7:00 PM
Location: Monroe High School, 901 Herr Road
Monroe Mobile Office Hours
Congressman Walbergs staff will be available to provide casework assistance on issues related to a federal agency, including Veterans Affairs, Medicare, Social Security, and the IRS.
Date: Tuesday, April 28
Time: 2:00
5:00 PM
Location: Monroe Court House, 2nd Floor Finance Conference Room, 125 E. Second St.
Eaton County Veterans Fair
Congressman Walberg will be hosting a Veterans Fair in Charlotte to provide veterans information and access to organizations that can offer resources earned from their service to our country. Veterans employment specialists, Veterans Administration counselors, and veterans service organizations will all participate.
Date: Thursday, May 7
Time: 9:00
11:00 AM
Location: VFW Maple City Post 2406, 695 Lansing St., Charlotte, MI
Weekly Update :
Introduced the Flexibility to Farm Act to protect farmers from EPA overreach and restore common sense to farm regulations
Met with
Saline Middle School students
during their 8th grade trip to Washington, D.C.
Hosted a roundtable with members of the Coldwater Area Chamber of Commerce to discuss solutions to help small businesses thrive
Visited Monroe County to
see the work
that the District Authority is doing to mitigate flood risk for local residents by rehabilitating seawalls
In the News:
WLNS |
Congressman Working To Boost Economy, Middle Class
Jackson Cit Pat |
Unskilled workforce, government regulations stifle area manufacturers, business leaders say
Press Release |
Walberg Announces Upcoming Events as Resources for Constituents
Press Release |
Michigan Farmers Back Walbergs Flexibility to Farm Act
Need to Know:
Please visit my
website
for a full record of my votes.
For even more information, please follow me on
Facebook ,
Twitter
and
Instagram .
NOTE: Please DO NOT respond to this email as this inbox is unattended. To contact my office please
click here
UPDATE SUBSCRIPTION OPTIONS
|
PRIVACY POLICY
|
CONTACT US
Click Here Click Here