
If you are having trouble viewing this message or would like to
share it on a social network, you can
view the message online .
Home
|
About
|
How Can I
Help?
|
Media
|
Issues
|
The 6th District
A
Frightening Reminder
Dear
Friends:
This week
brought us another frightening reminder of the evil forces that exist in
this world. Yesterday in Kenya the al-Qaeda-linked al-Shabaab terror
group brutally murdered at least 147 people on a college campus,
targeting Christian students in particular.
The Islamist militant group Al-Shabaab
was formed in neighboring Somalia and has targeted innocent civilians in
Kenya before. Over a year ago, al-Shabaab militants stormed a
shopping mall and ruthlessly gunned down innocent men, women and
children.
The
militants in al-Shabaab and their supporters need to be exterminated from
this world.
Unfortunately, they are getting support from a broad array of
actors, including allegations from the U.N. Security Council's monitoring
group that al-Shabaab is receiving arms shipments from distribution
networks linked to Iran.
Iran has been responsible for financing terrorist
groups for decades, including Hezbollah in Lebanon. In 1983, soon after I
came home from being stationed off the coast of Lebanon with the
Marines, an Iranian-backed Hezbollah militant drove a truck full of
explosives into Marine barracks in Beirut, killing hundreds of my fellow
Marines. Men I served with were brutally murdered by a militant group
backed by Iran.
Now President Obama is striking a deal with Iran. A deal I can't
support because I don't trust Iran to negotiate in good
faith.
As I've said
before, until Iran recognizes Israel's right to exist, ends support for
all terrorist groups and ends all production of weapons systems
capable of striking the United States, we should not lift one penny of
sanctions.
We must keep our boot on the throat of nations that seek to kill us
and our allies. The only thing that Iran will respond to is sanctions so
strict that they lead to the collapse of the murderous Iranian
regime.
We
should not delude ourselves into thinking Iran is capable of negotiating
in good faith.
Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu has said the Iran
deal is a threat to Israel. I agree. I believe the deal is a threat to
the world.
The murderous regime running Iran cannot be trusted.
Sincerely,
Mike
Coffman
U.S. Representative
If you would like to sign up to receive
regular email updates from Mike, please visit
this
link
$ 18,159,024,956,369
Share on Facebook
Share on
Twitter
Share on
LinkedIn
Use VA Bonuses to Help Fund Aurora
Hospital
By: The Denver
Post Editorial Board
The
Denver Post
Published March 30,
2015
Beyond the outrage over the $1.73 billion cost estimate
for the new Veterans Affairs hospital in Aurora, there is the reality
that it still must be built. So how to pay for it?
It may
be politically untenable to expect Congress to appropriate an extra
$930 million needed to finish the facility, which officials don't expect
to open before 2017, and just add to the federal
deficit.
Credit
Rep. Mike Coffman , the Aurora Republican, for
his plan to both pay for the overage while holding the VA
accountable.
Coffman's
bill, called the VA
Construction Accountability and Reform Act, seeks to increase the $800 million
spending cap placed on the project to $1.73 billion. And he would pay
for cost overruns with hundreds of millions of dollars intended for
bonuses to VA employees. His bill would freeze them until the hospital is
operational.
"The VA has gone wild with bonuses,"
Coffman
said Monday at The Denver Post. "If you have a pulse
and you are in management, you are going to get a bonus. It has become
part of the compensation package."
Last year, the embattled
VA, which lied about lengthy wait lists and bungled construction
projects, gave out $400 million in bonuses. Even Glenn Haggstrom, who
oversaw the construction of the Aurora hospital before he retired last
week, had received $64,000 in bonuses since 2007.
Using the
annual $360 million Congress allocated for VA bonuses over 2
years
would almost perfectly pay for the overruns,
Coffman
said.
Surely, some in the VA deserve bonuses, but having that
money withheld temporarily is the price of working for a troubled
agency.
Coffman's
idea is gathering momentum.
Colorado's Republican U.S. Sen. Cory Gardner introduced a companion
bill and Democratic Rep. Ed Perlmutter of Golden announced his
support.
Coffman
calls his idea "unique." While it
may not be an ideal solution, asking taxpayers to pay for the VA's
fiasco is simply not a palatable option.
CoffmanSuspects Corruption with VA Hospital Cost,
Delay
By:
Staff
CBS
Denver
Published April 1, 2015
After years of delays
and more than a billion dollars over budget,
Rep. Mike
Coffman
believes he has a reason to suspect corruption with the VA
hospital in Aurora.
Im shocked that as a member of
Congress I was consistently lied to when I tried to get the facts, said
Coffman , a Republican representing
Aurora.
Last year the head of construction for the VA, Glenn Haggstrom, told
Coffman , under oath, that the hospital was on budget and
on schedule. This, despite a letter by a senior manager a year earlier
stating the design exceeded cost estimates by $200
million.
The VA said last month the new Denver facility would cost $1.73
billion, more than twice the estimated cost at the time the first
contracts were awarded in 2010.
I dont know how to get these cost
overruns without people lining their own pockets, said
Coffman . We need the kind of investigation outside the VA, that
will lead to criminal prosecution.
Coffman
is asking Congress to authorize that investigation, bar the VA from
ever managing a major construction project again and use $900 million
in bonuses for VA employees to pay for cost
overruns.
Haggstrom, who
Coffman
says lied to him, received $64,000
in bonuses before he retired last week. Haggstrom, an Air Force
veteran, was head of the VAs Office of Acquisition, Logistics and
Construction. He had worked for the VA for more than 6 years.
We
need to send a message to the Veterans Administration that they need to
clean up their act. What better way to do it than suspend bonuses until
the hospital is finished? asked
Coffman .
The new projected finish date for the VA Hospital at the Anschutz
Medical Center campus in Aurora is 2 years away if
Coffman
can get the funding. Its not a guarantee because
Coffman
says some members of Congress want to walk away from the
project.
This will be a monument to the failures of the
Veterans Administration, if abandoned, said
Coffman . We
have an obligation to honor the sacrifices that the men and women who
served this country who have earned state of the art care this hospital
should provide.
The only other options to finish the
hospital are to increase spending which increases the deficit or take
money the VA has earmarked for other projects around the country, about $2
million, and divert it to this project.
Washington Office
2443
Rayburn HOB
Washington, D.C.
20515
Phone: (202)
225-7882
Fax: (202) 226-4623
District Office
Cherry Creek Place IV
3300 S. Parker Road, Suite
#305
Aurora, CO 80014
Phone: (720) 748-7514
Fax: (720) 748-7680
Unsubscribe
|
Update My Profile
|
Privacy Policy
gateway
mail end 