
Having trouble reading this email?
Click here
to view in your browser.
Website
|
About Phil
|
First District
|
Constituent Services
|
Newsroom
|
Issues
|
Legislation
|
Contact Me
Cybersecurity Week
As American commerce steadily expands its online presence, more and more Americans have become the victims of cybercrimes, where personal information is put at risk, or worse, fully exposed. Whether it was the hacks of Sony and Target, or the Senate Homeland Security hearing in 2013 where FBI Director James Comey said that cyberattacks and organized online crimes would be the greatest threat to national security over the next decade, were hearing a lot more about the need for cybersecurity. Worse, cyberattacks have grown ever more sophisticated and something must be done to ensure were protecting Americas digital networks. Still, as we work to protect ourselves online, its important to find a balance that encourages the sharing of cyber threat data, while keeping personal information out of the hands of the federal government.
This week, the House will act on two important bills to help thwart cyberattacks and encourage information sharing while protecting the privacy of AmericansH.R. 1731, the National Cybersecurity Protection Advancement Act (NCPA) and H.R. 1560, the Protecting Cyber Networks Act. NCPA is a bipartisan bill that strengthens the Department of Homeland Securitys National Cybersecurity and Communications Integration Centers role in cyber threat information sharing. It ensures all personal information unrelated to the threat is removed before data is shared. These robust privacy protections will allow the National Cybersecurity and Communications Integration Center to be informed of threats while ensuring no private information is shared with the government.
The Protecting Cyber Networks Act, in turn, will allow private companies to share information with each other and the federal government if they so choose. Sharing with the federal government is done on a voluntary basis only, and the information shared will not go through the National Security Agency (NSA) or the Department of Defense. This bill explicitly prohibits the government from forcing private sector companies to provide any information and requires companies to remove personal information before they share any information with the government. It then requires the agency that receives the information to again check for personal information and remove it before sharing with any other agency. To ensure there is transparency in this process, the bill requires a biennial report from the Inspector General detailing the governments receipt, use and dissemination of information related to cyber threats. The Privacy and Civil Liberties Oversight Board must also submit a report on the impact of the bill on privacy and civil liberties.
I strongly believe that protecting the privacy and civil liberties of Americans is just as important as fighting cyberattacks. With that said, its past time for Congress to take action to ensure were doing everything we can to keep our digital networks safe and secure. This is an issue of national security, and Im confident these bills will help us fight cyberterrorism. If youre interested in ways to protect yourself online, both the FBI and Department of Homeland Security have general tips and information and cybersecurity on their
websites .
Feel free to contact my office if we can be of assistance to you or your family. Our contact information can be found on our website,
www.roe.house.gov .
CONNECT WITH US
E-News Sign-up
Forward to a Friend
Contact Phil
Washington, DC Office
407 Cannon House Office Bldg
Washington, DC 20515
Phone: (202) 225-6356
Fax: (202) 225-5714
Kingsport Office
205 Revere Street
Kingsport, TN 37660
Phone:(423) 247-8161
Fax:(423) 247-0119
Morristown Office
1609 Walters State CC Drive, Suite 4
Morristown, TN 37813
Phone:(423) 254-1400
Fax:(423) 254-1403
Click Here Click Here