
Welcome to the March 23 edition of Democratic Insider: Top News for our Top Supporters. Let&rsquo;s get right to it.
David -- Welcome to the March 23 edition of
Democratic Insider: Top News for our Top Supporters.
Let&rsquo;s get right to it.
Five Years of Obamacare!
Happy birthday to the Affordable Care Act! In only five years, it&rsquo;s already achieved an extraordinary amount:
16.4 million previously uninsured people now have health insurance
The uninsured rate experienced its largest drop in four decades
Insurance companies are no longer allowed to discriminate
Young people can stay on their parents&rsquo; plans until age 26
It&rsquo;s a true Democratic victory! Which must be why the GOP won&rsquo;t stop threatening to dismantle it.
Add your name in support of Obamacare on its fifth birthday &gt;&gt;
This Week in GOP Governing: Letter to an Adversary
Republicans have been showing their contempt for President Obama since before he was elected. But they hit an outrageous new low recently when
they sent a letter meant to undermine the President&rsquo;s authority
directly to the leaders of Iran.
In it, they claimed that because GOP senators would outlast the President in office, they could overturn any multinational agreement signed by President Obama!
It was an outrageous and unprecedented move, and it backfired almost immediately.
Republicans were slammed by Democrats and in the press -- even by other conservatives. Particularly bad for GOP senators up for reelection were the negative editorials from their home-state newspapers -- like the
Cincinnati Enquirer
in Ohio,which ran the headline
&ldquo;[GOP Senator Rob] Portman wrong to sign Iran letter&rdquo;
and the
Concord Monitor
in New Hampshire with
&ldquo;[GOP Senator Kelly] Ayotte signs up for a dangerous political game.&rdquo;
Several Republicans were forced to backtrack. Some aides tried to claim the letter was a joke. Senator John McCain (Arizona) even tried to blame his signature on the rush that preceded a snowstorm, but he eventually admitted that
perhaps an undermining letter to an adversary country wasn&rsquo;t the best way to go.
You think?
GOP Presidential Merry-Go-Round!
It&rsquo;s official: Ted Cruz is the first Republican to announce his candidacy! ( Politico
suggested it was because he was &ldquo;losing the attention war.&rdquo;) Let&rsquo;s review why Senator Cruz would be a terrible president:
He is THE Tea Party favorite
He engineered the 2013 federal government shutdown that cost the economy $24 billion
He doesn&rsquo;t believe that climate change is real
He sides with social conservatives over women&rsquo;s health
His words on campaign finance reform: &ldquo;Money absolutely can be speech&rdquo;
He&rsquo;s never held elected office prior to 2013
So if you like reckless ultra-conservative science deniers who are more focused on obstructing the government than doing what&#39;s right for America, vote Cruz!
Action Center
Mitch McConnell and Ted Cruz are holding up the confirmation of Loretta Lynch, a highly regarded prosecutor who would be the first African American woman Attorney General. She&rsquo;s been waiting for nearly five months -- it&rsquo;s ridiculous.
Tell Republicans to confirm Loretta Lynch &gt;&gt;
Spotlight on: Senator Barbara Boxer (California)
Senator Barbara Boxer is a champion for the environment and for combating climate change. She is also a strong advocate for women and families.
Originally from Brooklyn, New York, Senator Boxer moved to California and started her political career on the Marin County Board of Supervisors, becoming the board&rsquo;s first female president. She was elected to the House of Representatives in 1982 and to the Senate in 1992.
Senator Boxer is the Democratic ranking member on the Environment and Public Works Committee, where she fights for improved infrastructure and the protection and expansion of public lands. She also serves as a senior member of the Senate Foreign Relations Committee, where she chairs a new subcommittee dedicated to international women&rsquo;s issues.
Senator Boxer has announced that she will retire when her current term ends in 2016.
It&#39;s critical that her successor be a Democrat who will continue on the path that Senator Boxer has blazed.
Fun fact: Senator Boxer is the author of two published novels that she wrote during her time in the Senate.
Yup, He Said It
GOP Senator Lindsey Graham of South Carolina on what he would do about cuts to defense spending:
&ldquo;And here&#39;s the first thing I would do if I were president of the United States. I wouldn&#39;t let Congress leave town until we fix this.
I would literally use the military to keep them in if I had to.
We&#39;re not leaving town until we restore these defense cuts. &rdquo;
We&rsquo;re pretty sure that&rsquo;s 1) illegal and 2) contrary to the separation of powers established by the Constitution. But how was Senator Graham to know? He&rsquo;s only been in government for&hellip; 22 years.
Thanks for reading!
Democratic Senatorial Campaign Committee
P.O. Box 96047
Washington, DC 20090
Paid for by the Democratic Senatorial Campaign Committee, dscc.org,
and not authorized by any candidate or candidate&#39;s committee.
The DSCC is the only organization solely dedicated to supporting Democrats in the U.S. Senate. This message was sent to dj724530@gmail.com because you are a part of the DSCC&rsquo;s grassroots network. Please add us to your address book or approved senders list to make sure you keep receiving DSCC updates.
Emails are a critical way for us to stay in touch with our grassroots supporters. 99% of the DSCC&rsquo;s contributions come from grassroots donors giving less than $200. We also strive to keep you updated on issues related to the Democratic Party&rsquo;s values.
If you&rsquo;d like to stop receiving emails related to this campaign, please
click here .
If you&#39;d like to make a contribution to support us, please
click here . We are already beginning to prepare for the fight ahead &ndash; reclaiming the majority in 2016. It will take every single grassroots supporter, but we know it&rsquo;s possible with your help. If you&rsquo;d like to stop receiving all emails from the DSCC, please
unsubscribe . We greatly appreciate your continued support.
Contributions or gifts to the DSCC are not tax deductible.
