
April 10, 2015
Dear Friends,
I would like to share this week&rsquo;s edition of Jackie&rsquo;s Reading Picks, a compilation of articles that have piqued my interest over the week. You can find this week&rsquo;s selection and others on my website in the
Jackie&rsquo;s Reading Picks
section.
Happy reading!
All the best,
California Drought Tests History of Endless Growth
By ADAM NAGOURNEY, NY Times
For more than a century, California has been the state where people flocked for a better life&mdash;164,000 square miles of mountains, farmland, and coastline, shimmering with ambition and dreams, money and beauty. It was the cutting-edge symbol of possibility: Hollywood, Silicon Valley, aerospace, agriculture and vineyards.
But now a punishing drought&mdash;and the unprecedented measures the state announced last week to compel people to reduce water consumption&mdash;is forcing a reconsideration of whether the aspiration of untrammeled growth that has for so long been this state&rsquo;s driving engine has run against the limits of nature.
The 25 percent cut in water consumption ordered by Gov. Jerry Brown raises fundamental questions about what life in California will be like in the years ahead, and even whether this state faces the prospect of people leaving for wetter climates&mdash;assuming, as Mr. Brown and other state leaders do, that this marks a permanent change in the climate, rather than a particularly severe cyclical drought.
Read more
here .
Iran and the Obama Doctrine: An Interview
By THOMAS FRIEDMAN, NY Times
President Obama invited me to the Oval Office Saturday afternoon to lay out exactly how he was trying to balance these risks and opportunities in the framework accord reached with Iran last week in Switzerland. What struck me most was what I&rsquo;d call an &ldquo;Obama doctrine&rdquo; embedded in the president&rsquo;s remarks. It emerged when I asked if there was a common denominator to his decisions to break free from longstanding United States policies isolating Burma, Cuba, and now Iran. Obama said his view
was that &ldquo;engagement,&rdquo; combined with meeting core strategic needs, could serve American interests vis-&agrave;-vis these three countries far better than endless sanctions and isolation. He added that America, with its overwhelming power, needs to have the self-confidence to take some calculated risks to open important new possibilities&mdash;like trying to forge a diplomatic deal with Iran that, while permitting it to keep some of its nuclear infrastructure, forestalls its ability to build a nuclear bomb for at least a decade, if not longer.
&ldquo;We are powerful enough to be able to test these propositions without putting ourselves at risk. And that&rsquo;s the thing &hellip; people don&rsquo;t seem to understand,&rdquo; the president said. &ldquo;You take a country like Cuba. For us to test the possibility that engagement leads to a better outcome for the Cuban people, there aren&rsquo;t that many risks for us. It&rsquo;s a tiny little country. It&rsquo;s not one that threatens our core security interests, and so [there&rsquo;s no reason not to] test the proposition. And if it turns out
that it doesn&rsquo;t lead to better outcomes, we can adjust our policies. The same is true with respect to Iran, a larger country, a dangerous country, one that has engaged in activities that resulted in the death of U.S. citizens, but the truth of the matter is: Iran&rsquo;s defense budget is $30 billion. Our defense budget is closer to $600 billion. Iran understands that they cannot fight us. &hellip; You asked about an Obama doctrine. The doctrine is: We will engage, but we preserve all our capabilities.&rdquo;
The notion that Iran is undeterrable&mdash;&ldquo;it&rsquo;s simply not the case,&rdquo; he added. &ldquo;And so for us to say, &lsquo;Let&rsquo;s try&rsquo;&mdash;understanding that we&rsquo;re preserving all our options, that we&rsquo;re not na&iuml;ve&mdash;but if in fact we can resolve these issues diplomatically, we are more likely to be safe, more likely to be secure, in a better position to protect our allies, and who knows? Iran may change. If it doesn&rsquo;t, our deterrence capabilities, our military superiority stays in place. &hellip; We&rsquo;re not relinquishing our capacity to defend ourselves or our allies. In that situation, why wouldn&rsquo;t we test it?&rdquo;
Read more
here .
Good Riddance, Carrie Mathison
by MAUREEN DOWD, NY Times
The CIA sisterhood is fed up with the flock of fictional CIA women in movies and on TV who guzzle alcohol as they bed hop and drone drop, acting crazed and emotional, sleeping with terrorists and seducing assets.
&ldquo;The problem is that they portray most women in such a one-dimensional way; whatever the character flaw is, that&rsquo;s all they are,&rdquo; said Gina Bennett, a slender, thoughtful mother of five who has been an analyst in the Counterterrorism Center over the course of 25 years and who first began sounding the alarm about Osama bin Laden back in 1993.
&ldquo;It can leave a very distinct understanding of women at the agency&mdash;how we function, how we relate to men, how we engage in national security&mdash;that is pretty off,&rdquo; Bennett said. She was sitting in a conference room at Langley decorated with photos of a memorial for seven CIA officers&mdash;including Bennet&rsquo;s close friend Jennifer Matthews&mdash;who were blown up in 2009 by a Jordanian double agent in Khost, Afghanistan.
Read more
here .
Richer and Poorer
By JILL LEPORE, New Yorker
For about a century, economic inequality has been measured on a scale, from zero to one, known as the Gini index and named after an Italian statistician, Corrado Gini, who devised it in 1912, when he was twenty-eight and the chair of statistics at the University of Cagliari. If all the income in the world were earned by one person and everyone else earned nothing, the world would have a Gini index of one. If everyone in the world earned exactly the same income, the world would have a Gini index of zero. The United States Census Bureau has been using Gini&rsquo;s measurement to calculate income inequality in America since 1947. Between 1947 and 1968, the U.S. Gini index dropped to .386, the lowest ever recorded. Then it began to climb.
Income inequality is greater in the United States than in any other democracy in the developed world. Between 1975 and 1985, when the Gini index for U.S. households rose from .397 to .419, as calculated by the U.S. Census Bureau, the Gini indices of the United Kingdom, the Netherlands, France, Germany, Sweden, and Finland ranged roughly between .200 and .300, according to national data analyzed by Andrea Brandolini and
Timothy Smeeding. But historical cross-country comparisons are difficult to make; the data are patchy, and different countries measure differently. The Luxembourg Income Study, begun in 1983, harmonizes data collected from more than forty countries on six continents. According to the L.I.S.&rsquo;s adjusted data, the United States has regularly had the highest Gini index of any affluent democracy. In 2013, the U.S. Census Bureau reported a Gini index of .476.
The evidence that income inequality in the United States has been growing for decades and is greater than in any other developed democracy is not much disputed. It is widely known and widely studied. Economic inequality has been an academic specialty at least since Gini first put chalk to chalkboard. In the nineteen-fifties, Simon Kuznets, who went on to win a Nobel Prize, used tax data to study the shares of income among groups,
an approach that was further developed by the British economist Anthony Atkinson, beginning with his 1969 paper &ldquo;On the Measurement of Inequality,&rdquo; in the Journal of Economic Theory. Last year&rsquo;s unexpected popular success of the English translation of Thomas Piketty&rsquo;s &ldquo;Capital in the Twenty-first Century&rdquo; drew the public&rsquo;s attention to measurements of inequality, but Piketty&rsquo;s work had long since reached American social scientists, especially through a 2003 paper that he published with the
Berkeley economist Emmanuel Saez, in The Quarterly Journal of Economics. Believing that the Gini index underestimates inequality, Piketty and Saez favor Kuznets&rsquo;s approach. (Atkinson, Piketty, Saez, and Facundo Alvaredo are also the creators of the World Top Incomes Database, which collects income-share data from more than twenty countries.) In &ldquo;Income Inequality in the United States, 1913-1998,&rdquo; Piketty and Saez used tax data to calculate what percentage of income goes to the top one
per cent and to the top ten per cent. In 1928, the top one per cent earned twenty-four per cent of all income; in 1944, they earned eleven per cent, a rate that began to rise in the nineteen-eighties. By 2012, according to Saez&rsquo;s updated data, the top one per cent were earning twenty-three per cent of the nation&rsquo;s income, almost the same ratio as in 1928, although it has since dropped slightly.
Read more
here .
Rolling Stone and the Temptations of Narrative Journalism
By GEORGE PACKER, New Yorker
What Rolling Stone did not say outright last December was how profoundly it had misplaced its trust in itself. With a nearly thirteen-thousand-word investigation by Columbia&rsquo;s Sheila Coronel, Steve Coll (who is a staff writer at this magazine), and Derek Kravitz, that is now a moot point. The report deals a devastating blow to the magazine&rsquo;s decision-making, from start to finish, in bringing &ldquo;A Rape
on Campus&rdquo; to millions of readers. In doing so, the report displays the kind of thorough reporting and careful analysis that was lacking at Rolling Stone. (Commissioned, admirably, by Rolling Stone as an independent review with almost no prior constraints, it went up on the magazine&rsquo;s Web site in its entirety on Sunday night, and a condensed version will be published in the print edition.)
In a footnote, the authors call their report &ldquo;a work of journalism about a failure of journalism.&rdquo; Their investigation, like the original article, takes the form of a roughly chronological narrative. It begins with the exploratory phone call Erdely made last July to Emily Renda, a U.V.A. expert on sexual assault, looking for a campus rape case to write about. Long-form narrative nonfiction might be in dire straits financially, but it&rsquo;s become the default prose genre of
our time, and not just in magazine articles and books. Official publications like the findings of the 9/11 Commission and the Senate Intelligence Committee&rsquo;s report on torture now borrow its techniques: the use of characters, scenes, description, and dialogue; the creation of tension through pacing, foreshadowing, and recapitulation; the omniscient narrator whose sources are semi-hidden in order to preserve the elegance of storytelling. This tyranny of narrative is not unrelated to the disaster at Rolling Stone.
Any journalist who works in this form and is being honest will recognize the moments of truth that led to Erdely&rsquo;s and Rolling Stone&rsquo;s undoing. Like most journalists worth reading, she approached the story with a passionate purpose, a sense of injustice, of a wrong that needed to be righted. In Erdely&rsquo;s case, she wanted to expose the &ldquo;culture of rape&rdquo; on college campuses, and she went looking for a case so vivid and gripping that no reader could dismiss it. When Renda told her about Jackie in that
first conversation, Erdely found what she was looking for, and she made the decision not to pursue other, less dramatic cases that she learned about. Renda later told the Times that a more ambiguous incident might have seemed &ldquo;not real enough to stand for rape culture. And that is part of the problem.&rdquo; Her remark could be applied to narrative journalism as well: extreme, lurid cases are inherently tempting subjects, but they are not the most likely to lead to complex or profound or abidingly true work.
Read more
here .
The paradox of soil
The Economist
One of the main ways economies increase worker productivity, and thus grow richer, is through the reallocation of people and resources away from low-productivity segments to more efficient ones. In business this means that bad firms go bust and good ones grow to great size. Something similar should hold for cities. Where workers can be put to use at high levels of productivity labour scarcity will lead to fast growing pay packets. Those pay packets will attract workers from other cities. When they migrate and find new, high-paying work, the whole economy benefits.
But that process is now breaking down in many economies. For workers to move to the high wages on offer in San Francisco, they must win an auction for a home that provides access to the local labour market. The bidding in that auction pushes up housing costs until there are just enough workers interested in moving in to fill the available housing space. Salaries that should be sending come-hither signals are ending up with rentiers instead, and the unfairness can trigger protest, as it has in San Francisco. Many workers will take lower-paying jobs elsewhere because the income left over after paying for cheaper housing is more attractive. Labour ends up allocating itself toward low-productivity markets, and the whole economy suffers.
Chang-Tai Hsieh, of the University of Chicago Booth School of Business, and Enrico Moretti, of the University of California, Berkeley, have made a tentative stab at calculating the size of such effects. But for the tight limits on construction in California&rsquo;s Bay Area, they reckon, employment there would be about five times larger than it is. In work that has yet to be published they tot up similar distortions across the whole economy from 1964 on and find that American GDP in 2009 was as much as 13.5% lower than it otherwise could have been. At current levels of output that is a cost of more than $2 trillion a year, or nearly $10,000 per person.
Read more
here .
Unsubscribe
Washington D.C. Office
2465 Rayburn House Office Building
Washington, DC 20515
Phone: (202) 225-3531
Fax: (202) 226-4183
San Mateo Office
155 Bovet Road, Suite 780
San Mateo, CA 94402
Phone: (650) 342-0300
Fax: (650) 375-8270
