
Can't see the pictures? Select "Always display images" or
view this message in your browser .
April 1, 2015
Senior Hub Delivers More Than Meals for the Older Adult Community
Last week, I had the great fortune to share a morning with George and Brenda Bowman, volunteers for The Senior Hub&rsquo;s Meals on Wheels program.
After meeting with
Senior Hub
staff and getting the details of the Meals on Wheels operation, we sorted and loaded the prepared meals into their minivan and set off to deliver the food to older adults who are homebound or unable to prepare their own meals.
George and Brenda deliver meals three days a week to 11-15 houses each day.
The delivery is not just about dropping off food, it is a daily social visit for many of these folks. In many cases, George and Brenda have become friends with the client and are the ones who are able to ensure their wellbeing.
The Senior Hub&rsquo;s Meals on Wheels program serves over 200 meals a day to more than 500 clients.
In 2014, they served over 60,000 meals, 35% more than the previous year.
Meals on Wheels provides so much more than just a meal. It provides a vital check on the health and wellbeing of seniors who would otherwise be alone.
In fact, 98% of surveyed clients said that without this program they would not be able to live independently in their own homes.
Meals on Wheels is just part of the services that The Senior Hub offers to Adams County.
Between their emergency food bank, homecare program, medical equipment lending, volunteer programs and referral services, The Senior Hub plays a vital role in preserving the health and independence of older adults.
Thank you to Howard G. Yeoman, Executive Director of Senior Hub, for your leadership in the agency&rsquo;s service to our community.
Thank you to all the staff and volunteers of The Senior Hub for making the lives of older adults healthier and more enjoyble. And a special thank you to Brenda and George for introducing me to so many great members of the senior community.
For more information on Meals on Wheels or The Senior Hub, visit
www.seniorhub.org .
&ldquo;I just wanted to take a minute to say thank you so very much for Congressman Perlmutter&rsquo;s participation in our March for Meals campaign.
We immediately received phone calls from our clients saying how excited they were to meet their Congressman and how pleasant and down to earth he was.
-Amanda de Bock, Program Director, Meals on Wheels
Women Warriors: A Vision of Valor Inducted into the Library of Congress
In honor of National Women's History Month, I was joined by Dr. Cecilia Gowdy-Wygant, Stephanie Burkart, and Tricia Mentor of Front Range Community College (FRCC) to donate the 2014 Veterans History Project film, "Women Warriors: A Vision of Valor" and the accompanying raw interview footage to the Library of Congress for historic preservation and future research. A big thank you to the faculty and students at Front Range Community College for their hard work producing this important film which highlights nine Colorado veterans and their experiences in war.
The film is available to view and to download here.
Government in the Grocery: April 18
My next Government in the Grocery is scheduled for April 18 at the Mi Pueblo in Commerce City.
I look forward to seeing you there and hearing about your issues and concerns.
Government in the Grocery
Saturday, April 18th | 10:00 a.m. &ndash; noon
Mi Pueblo &ndash; 6941 East 80th Avenue
Commerce City, CO 80022
If you can&rsquo;t make this Government in the Grocery, you are always welcome to
email me
or call my office at (303) 274-7944. Learning about your issues and needs helps me to better represent you in Congress.
Congressman Ed Perlmutter
Connect With Me
Facebook
Twitter
YouTube
Unsubscribe
Washington DC Office
1410 Longworth House Office
Building
Washington, DC 20515
Phone: 202.225.2645
Fax: 202.225.5278
District Office
12600 West Colfax Avenue, Suite
B-400
Lakewood, CO 80215
Phone: 303.274.7944
Fax: 303.274.6455
Please do not reply to this email.
To contact me, please
click here
and let me know your thoughts on how I can better represent your beliefs and values in our nation's Capitol.
