
If you are
having trouble viewing this message or would like to share it on a social
network, you can
view
the message online .
HOME
ABOUT
CONTACT
ME
SERVING YOU
MEDIA CENTER
OUR DISTRICT
RESOURCES
March 28, 2015
Dear
Friend,
Conservatives scored an historic
victory this week. We pushed for $5.5 trillion in spending cuts in
House Republicans' budget that passed Congress.
A
Balanced Budget for a Stronger America
would balance the federal
budget in ten years , resulting in a surplus. Importantly, the bill
also repeals and replaces Obamacare with free-market health reforms that
would increase patient choice to lower costs. It would return
taxpayer money to the states to more efficiently manage entitlement programs,
the primary drivers of our national
debt.
The President, who has said our national debt is "unpatriotic," has
nearly doubled it to $18 trillion during his relatively short time in
office. The almost $8 trillion he's added is more than all other
presidents have, combined. To pay for his out-of-control spending,
including Obamacare, another entitlement program, he has raised taxes and
fees, more burdens on the economy. House Republicans' budget balances the
federal budget without raising taxes.
Since we became the majority in 2010, House Republicans
have protected 99 percent of Americans from tax hikes. We've cut
discretionary spending, including $60 million from the Environmental
Protection Agency, shrinking its staff to 1989 levels. Because it violated
Americans' constitutional rights, harassing Democrats' political
opponents, we slashed the Internal Revenue Service budget by $345 million.
Our consecutive cuts to discretionary spending were the first since
the Korean War.
Those are substantial cuts. And
while the President, rejecting greater opportunity for every
American, will likely veto
A Budget for a Stronger America,
the
document is another step in the right direction. Conservatives have
presented a fundamentally different, more positive economic vision than the
centralized, command-and-control economy progressives like President
Obama envision. Theirs is an a overbearing regulatory state, where
diminished prospects are the norm, but our vision is a free and prosperous
America, producing jobs and higher wages.
Sincerely,
Doug
Collins
Member of Congress
Tell a Friend
E-mail:
E-mail Updates
Yes,
please periodically send me e-mail updates.*
*By subscribing to my
e-mail updates, you are
authorizing me to send regular e-mail updates from my office to your
e-mail account.
Washington D.C. Office
513 Cannon House Office Building
Washington, DC 20515
Phone: (202)
225-9893
Gainesville Office
210 Washington St. NW, Suite 202
Gainesville, GA 30501
Phone:
(770) 297-3388
Unsubscribe
|
Update My Profile
|
Privacy Policy
