DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.0 Transitional//EN" "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml1/DTD/xhtml1-transitional.dtd"
Send me an email |
Forward to a Friend
FOR IMMEDIATE RELEASE
202-225-6365
March 30, 2015
Forbes Leads Letter to Navy on Religious
Protections for Military Chaplains
Washington, D.C.
Congressman J. Randy Forbes (VA-04), Founder and Co-Chairman of the Congressional Prayer Caucus, led over 30 Members of Congress in sending a letter to Ray Mabus, Secretary of the Navy, and Rear Admiral Margaret Kibben, Chief of Chaplains for the Navy, urging the Navy to reinforce policies currently in place that protect military chaplains freedom to practice their religion according to the tenets of their faith.
In the letter, Members expressed concern over the chilling effect cases like that of Chaplain Wesley Modder have on the ability of servicemembers and chaplains to freely exercise their faith. Chaplain Modders commanding officer requested that he be Detached for Cause based on an investigation report initiated by complaints about his religious views.
As a reassurance to chaplains, sailors, and the public, we would like confirmation as to what steps the Navy is taking to reinforce the policies and protections in place for servicemembers and chaplains to freely exercise their religiously-informed beliefs, Members wrote, including the freedom of chaplains to adhere to the tenets of their faith as they perform and provide in all aspects of their ministry, including in counseling sessions.
We also request information as to how the Navy has been implementing the conscience protections passed by Congress and what training has been provided to chaplains, JAG officers, Equal Opportunity officers, and commanding officers.
The letter also inquires into the specific case of Chaplain Wesley Modder, requesting an outline of the process and timeline of the investigations being conducted, to ensure they are conducted in accordance with the laws protecting a chaplains right to express and conduct him or herself according to religious beliefs.
The full text of the letter can be found,
here .
###
Home
|
Contact
|
Forward to a Friend
|
Unsubscribe
|
Subscribe
|
Privacy
|
Office Locations
Please do not reply to this message. This email address does not accept incoming messages. To send an email,
click here .
Click Here Click Here