
Fellow Illinoisans,
First, my
thoughts and prayers are with the families
and first responders in northern Illinois who
are sorting through debris after deadly
tornadoes tore through the area last Thursday
evening. Though there is a lot of work left
to do, I have no doubt that the people in
Fairdale, Rochelle, and all of the other
areas that were struck will clean up and be
able to rebuild their strong communities. You
can watch my remarks from the Senate floor
this week by clicking
here
.
While the
Senate has been out of session over the past
two weeks, Ive spent some time
traveling the Land of Lincoln. Here are some
highlights:
Promoting Research At
Illinois Universities
Over the
weekend the world celebrated the
60th
anniversary of the discovery of the polio
vaccine
, one of the most important
breakthroughs in medical research history.
The scientist who devoted his life to finding
the cure was Dr. Jonas Salk. His vaccine has
eradicated polio in all but a few corners of
the globe, saving millions of lives. Read my
Senate resolution commemorating Dr.
Salks life and legacy
here
.America needs to follow in
Dr. Salks footsteps by funding the
hard work of our countrys brightest
scientists. Their work helps find cures to
deadly diseases and aims to alleviate human
suffering. Ive introduced a pair of
bills that would robustly fund biomedical and
scientific research at the National
Institutes of Health and other federal
research agencies. America has to maintain
its place as the worlds leader in
cutting-edge research, and I got a chance to
discuss this with Northern Illinois
University President Doug Baker, Fermilab
Director Nigel Lockyer, and faculty at
NIUs DeKalb campus.
Addressing Rail Safety and
Delays in Barrington
I traveled to
the Village of Barrington, Illinois to sit
down with local leaders about delays on the
EJ&amp;E railroad and tank car safety. Since
CN acquired EJ&amp;E in 2008, the number of
freight trains passing through the cities has
quadrupled from about 5 trains a day to 20
trains a day, causing delays. Furthermore,
increased oil traffic through these
communities and derailments like the one near
Galena, Illinois last month highlight the
need for safe tank cars. To address this
issue, I sent a letter to the Senate
Appropriations Committee calling for
increased investment in programs related to
the transport of combustible energy products.
You can read that letter
here
. I will continue to work to make
sure that the rules and laws governing the
safety of our rail system reflect the unique
circumstances and viewpoints of local
Illinois communities.
Expanding the Veteran Family
Caregivers Program
Introduced in
2009, the Veterans Family Caregiver
Program has helped thousands of
Illinois veterans get the care and
services they deserve. The program provides
caregivers of severely injured veterans
returning from Iraq and Afghanistan access to
home health training, peer support, and a
small financial stipend. I went to Rockford
to meet with veterans and talk about
expanding
this program to the veterans of all of
Americas wars
.
Business in Illinois
While in
Rockford I was lucky to tour UTC Aerospace
Systems. This top notch company is one of the
worlds largest suppliers of aerospace
and defense products. Rockfords
aerospace manufacturing cluster, which
includes UTC Aerospaces work, helps
grow the local economy and create jobs. I
toured their facility and met with some
hard-working employees.
The next day
I was in Cordova, Illinois to visit a 3M
facility. 3M has been innovating for years
and its products can be found in nearly every
hardware store in the country. It was great
to meet some of the innovators behind the
company's work.
Creating Jobs &amp; Providing
Work To Rock Island Arsenal
The men and
women of the Rock Island Arsenal are
dedicated professionals and they didnt
disappoint when I stopped by last week.
Alongside Rep. Cheri Bustos (D-IL), I helped
announce a two-year extension of the
ambulance manufacturing line at the Arsenal
which will keep Rock Island busy as America
continues to wind down major military
engagements in Iraq and Afghanistan. The work
being done at the Arsenal is an important
part of the Quad-City areas economy,
and Im committed to ensuring the
region remains strong.
Honoring World War II Vet Joe
Hoppe
It was truly
an honor to present Joe Hoppe, a Chicago
veteran, medals he never received after
serving in the U.S. Navy during World War II.
Hoppe enlisted in the Navy in March of 1941
and was a 1st Class Petty Officer. He served
as a baker stationed on the USS Wichita, a
heavy cruiser patrolling the seas between
Iceland and Greenland. When I met Joe at a
seniors forum a few years back, he
told me he had had trouble obtaining the
medals he earned in combat. He volunteered to
go overseas and put his life on the line for
the good of our country.
These medals are long overdue
recognition
for a man who sacrificed so much for
others throughout his life.
Sincerely,
Dick Durbin
United States Senator
If you did not sign up to receive this email or no longer
wish to receive future updates, please
click here to unsubscribe .
Sent from the office of U.S. Senator Dick Durbin