DOCTYPE html
April 5, 2015
Congressman McHenry Weekly Update
Happy Easter
Giulia, Cecelia, and I would like to wish everyone a Happy Easter. As we spend this Holy Day with our family and friends, please join us in keeping our thoughts and prayers with all the men and women serving in our military around the world. They are unable to spend this sacred day with the ones they love but we are all thankful, every day for their service. I hope all have a blessed and restful Easter Sunday.
Busy Week Across NC-10
With Congress out of session for our traditional spring district work period I began the first of two busy weeks of constituent meetings across the 10th District. I spent Wednesday in Denver beginning the day by attending the community breakfast at Sally's YMCA.
After the breakfast I headed to Rock Springs Elementary School where I met with faculty, visited the school's robotics club, and
spoke to a first grade class .
That afternoon I visited HYDAC which produces hydraulic filters, valves, and other fluid-power products at their Denver facility. While there I took a tour and then presented HYDAC a plaque commemorating their 5th anniversary in Lincoln County.
I started Thursday meeting with Gaston Regional Chamber of Commerce President Jeff Sandford to discuss the various economic development initiatives ongoing in Gaston County.
Following that meeting I headed over to Tony's Ice Cream, a Gastonia landmark celebrating its 100th anniversary this year. There I met with owner Louis Coletta whose family originally opened Tony's in 1915.
After enjoying some of Tony's delicious ice cream I headed to Shelby to meet with the Cleveland County Chamber of Commerce including President Bill Watson and other members of the board.
Later I had the pleasure of Congratulating Crest High School Senior Tabitha Church. Tabitha won a $20,000 scholarship through the H&amp;R Block Budget Challenge and was one of only 60 students nationwide to achieve that honor. The Congressman met with Tabitha, her father and her teacher, Robin Kiser.
I concluded my day attending the Cleveland County Friends of the NRA dinner held annually in Shelby.
For more photos from my visits across the 10th District be sure to follow me on
Twitter
and
Instagram
and like my
Facebook
page.
Nuclear Agreement with Iran
On Thursday of this week President Obama and Secretary of State John Kerry
announced a framework agreement
for a nuclear deal with Iran. I have long been wary of any negotiations with and sanctions relief for Iran a country that less than a decade ago was providing lethal weapons used to kill American men and women serving in Iraq. Thursday's vague announcement only increases my concerns. While Congress reviews the parameters of this agreement, it is imperative the Obama Administration acknowledges Congress role as a co-equal branch of government and
not pursue any elimination of sanctions without our consent . While President Obama trumpets this deal as a great accomplishment, it is important to remember the American public and bipartisan majorities in Congress remain deeply skeptical of any agreement with the current Iranian regime.
Now that I have shared my thoughts on the framework agreement, I want to know what you think about the deal President Obama announced. Please click the image below and share your thoughts on the agreement.
What I Have Been Reading
Terry Burgin Named Marshal's Service SRO Of Year
Lincoln Herald
Congratulations to former Lincolnton Police Chief Terry Burgin on being named the United States Marshal's Service's 4th Circuit Court Security Officer of the Year for 2014. Officer Burgin provides security at the federal courthouse in Charlotte and was recognized as the best officer out of the more than 300 Court Security Officers who serve at the 4th Circuit courthouses in five states and the District of Columbia.
The Barbecue Bracket Winner is...
Garden &amp; Gun Magazine
More congratulations are in order, this time to Shelby's Red Bridges Barbecue Lodge for winning the magazine's 2015 Ultimate Barbecue Bracket. Red Bridges is a Shelby and 10th District institution which has been serving customers for 66 years and by winning this, truly highlights the superiority of Western NC's barbecue.
EPA's McCarthy: Keystone alone wouldn't be climate disaster
Politico
While President Obama has used bureaucratic excuses to block construction of the Keystone XL pipeline, it has long been apparent his real reason for blocking the job-creating project is due to immense pressure from radical environmentalists. Now that his own EPA Administrator has admitted the project would not be disastrous for the climate, President Obama should resist the absurd claims of environmentalists and finally build the pipeline.
WASHINGTON, D.C. OFFICE
2334 Rayburn HOB
Washington, D.C. 20515
Telephone: 202.225.2576
Fax: 202.225.0316
HICKORY DISTRICT OFFICE
87 4th St. NW, Ste A, PO Box 1830
Hickory, NC 28603
Telephone: 828.327.6100
Toll-Free in NC: 800.477.2576
Fax: 828.327.8311
GASTONIA DISTRICT OFFICE
Suite 115
Gaston Co. Administrative Bldg
128 West Main Avenue
Gastonia, NC 28053
Telephone: 704.833.0096
BLACK MTN. DISTRICT OFFICE
160 Midland Avenue
Black Mountain, NC 28711
Telephone: 828.669.0600
Click Here Click Here