
Dear Friend,
You&#39;ve always stood with me through thick and thin, and I cannot fully express how much I&#39;ve appreciated your support.
Together, we&#39;re fighting for an economy that works for everyone, not just the wealthy few.
A few weeks ago, legislation was introduced in Congress that will help decide the direction of our country and our economy.
If passed, the Trade Promotion Authority bill will grant President Obama the ability to negotiate a trade deal with the countries of the Pacific Rim and give him specific directions for what Congress wants included in a final deal.
There are strong opinions and valid arguments on both sides of this conversation, and I&#39;ve spent many hours listening, reading, and reviewing the recently introduced requirements for the negotiation.
After careful consideration, I have decided to support granting President Obama the authority to negotiate a deal under specific parameters that Congress has required--
parameters to protect American workers and our environment, bring our country good-paying jobs, and ensure transparency and oversight.
You can click here to read my piece in this Sunday&#39;s Sacramento Bee that explains my rationale in more detail.
I understand that some of you will agree with this choice and some will not. My decision was not made lightly, and it only means I support allowing President Obama to negotiate a deal. Congress will still review a final agreement and have the ability to reject it if it does not meet our strict requirements.
I&#39;m here to listen to you and to work my hardest to put people before politics. If you would like to express your opinion,
please do so by clicking here .
I believe that what unites us is much stronger than what divides us, and I hope we can continue our work together to move our country forward.
As always, I am honored to have the privilege of serving California&#39;s 7th Congressional District.
Be well,
Ami
Copyright (C) 2015 Bera for Congress All rights reserved.
Paid for by Bera for Congress
Bera for Congress PO Box 582496 Elk Grove CA 95758 United States
unsubscribe