
If you are having
trouble viewing this message or would like to share it on a social
network, you can
view the
message online .
HOME
NEWS
SERVICES
LEGISLATION
CONTACT
April 13, 2015
Working Toward a
Unified Budget
Since both the House and Senate passed
our respective balanced budgets, we have been working together
to iron out any differences and come to an agreement on a unified
Fiscal Year 2016 budget. To that end, this past week Senate Budget
Committee Chairman Enzi and I sat down to discuss what needs to be done
to take this important next step in creating a balanced budget
that will boost our nations economic growth and help restore the promise
of a government that is more effective and
accountable.
We look forward to the Senate-House conference
beginning its work as early as this week, followed by Congressional passage of
a unified, balanced budget plan for our
nation.
Now more than ever, policymakers need to be making responsible
decisions that will set our nation on a course to greater prosperity and
opportunity -- where the economy grows, not the government. As my
colleague Rep. Tom Emmer (MN-06) and I wrote in a recent joint
op-ed:
"The future of our nation, and
future generations, depends upon us at this moment. To enact a framework
that sets us on a pathway to a healthier economy. For the young
entrepreneur to the single mother working two jobs to put food on the table,
we have to seize this moment and empower our greatest asset, the
American citizen."
I encourage you
to read the rest of our piece by
clicking here .
Tax Day, April
15th
This Wednesday, all individual tax forms are due to the IRS.
Each year the United States tax code gets more complicated, more
overbearing, and more cumbersome for American families and businesses. This
year, the House will be tackling tax reform head-on. The nations
economy is underperforming in no small part because Washington is
continuing policies that chase ever higher spending with ever higher
taxes. House Republicans have called for comprehensive tax reform to
help spur economic growth.
The duty of actually
writing tax reform legislation, however, lies in the hands of the Ways
&amp; Means Committee. As a member of that committee, Ive been working
with my colleagues on this important issue. We must move the
conversation toward a more concrete dialogue, with give and take, so that we can
find eventual agreement on a set of solutions that will produce a tax
code that is simpler and fairer for hard-working American
taxpayers.
Please Feel Free to Tell a
Friend E-mail:
E-mail: E-mail:
Share on Twitter Share on Facebook
Washington DC
Office
100 Cannon House
Office Building
Washington DC
20515
Phone: 202-225-4501
Fax: 202-225-4656
District
Office:
85-C Mill Street, Suite
300
Roswell, GA 30075
Phone: 770-998-0049
Fax: 770-998-0050
Internet:
Web:
http://tomprice.house.gov
E-mail:
E-mail Tom by clicking here
Unsubscribe
|
Update My Profile
|
Privacy Policy
gateway mail end
