
SIGN ON :
Join Cheri and Hillary Clinton to call for an end to
Citizens United
&gt;&gt;
Hillary Clinton just promised to make overturning
Citizens United
a central issue in her presidential campaign.
But if we&rsquo;re going to enact campaign finance reform, we all need to stand together. Sign your name to demand Congress overturn
Citizens United :
SIGN IMMEDIATELY
David --
Hillary Clinton has only been campaigning for a few weeks, and already she named
Citizens United
as one of her top issues:
We can&rsquo;t agree more! Already, the 2016 election promises to be the most expensive election in history. The Koch Brothers alone are planning to spend at least $889 million dollars to elect Republicans.
But we have a chance to change all that because Hillary Clinton has brought this debate front and center to the national stage. Cheri is standing with Hillary and Democrats across the country to call for an end to
Citizens United . Will you join them?
SIGN YOUR NAME: http://action.cheribustos.com/end-cu
Illinois voters should be in charge of our elections, not special interests. But as long as
Citizens United
is in play, we will never know who is funding our politicians.
Will you join Cheri and Hillary and demand
Citizens United
be overturned? http://action.cheribustos.com/end-cu
Thanks for adding your name,
Team Bustos
Paid for by Friends of Cheri Bustos
This message was sent to: dj724530@gmail.com | Change or update your email address by
clicking here .
We believe that emails are a crucial way for our campaign to stay in touch with supporters like you. However, if you'd prefer to take a break from emails,
click here . If you'd just like to receive fewer emails, you can
click here .
Our campaign is powered by supporters like you. Your grassroots support is critical to helping Cheri fight back against right-wing attacks.
If you&rsquo;d still like to unsubscribe from our emails,
click here .
If you'd like to donate to our campaign, please
click here .
Thanks for having Cheri's back!
