
For Immediate Release
Contact: Lale Morrison
April 02, 2014
(202) 225-1313
Hastings Monthly Report - April 2015
Holocaust Remembrance Week 2015
The United States Congress established Holocaust Remembrance Week as the nations annual commemoration of the Nazi genocide, which plagued Europe from 1938-1945. Every year, local, state and federal governments, workplaces, religious groups, schools and universities unite in the spirit of remembrance by hosting memorial services for their communities.
These Days of Remembrance converge around the internationally recognized date for Holocaust Remembrance Day (corresponding to the 27th day of Nisan on the Hebrew calendar) which marks the anniversary of the Warsaw Ghetto Uprising.
On this somber occasion the barriers between racial and religious groups fade away and our country comes together to pay tribute to the 11 million lives, including those of six million Jews, which were tragically cut short in the worst mass-atrocity in human history. Throughout this week of solemnity and deep reflection we also take the opportunity to refocus our attention on prevailing injustices, preventing new genocide and standing up for the human rights of all people, especially marginalized and minority groups.
Yet this week is also a time to pay tribute to the survivors of the Holocaust who are testament to the strength and resilience of the human spirit. Worldwide, Holocaust survivors have arisen from the depths of despair, rebuilt lives and families, and contributed to civil society in meaningful ways.
Despite the progress that has been made over the past 70 years, in recent years we have witnessed the ugly resurgence of anti-Semitism and Holocaust denial. In the past few months several examples of anti-Semitic incidents have occurred across Europe, including the January murders of four Jewish customers at a kosher supermarket in Paris and the February murder of a Jewish man guarding a synagogue in Copenhagen.
In light of this disturbing trend, I am pleased to have recently introduced a resolution in the United States House of Representative to combat the rise of anti-Semitism in Europe, which encourages our European friends to counter this alarming trend while also committing the United States to abetting this effort in every way possible.
I remain committed to fighting racism and intolerance of all kinds to give the fullest meaning to the words Never Again.
Earth Day Month
45th Anniversary
Each year, during the month of April our nation celebrates Earth Day by supporting the protection of our environment.
Thanks to the efforts of Senator Gaylord Nelson of Wisconsin, who worked to organize the first Earth Day in 1970, the importance of preserving our environment is brought to the forefront of our national agenda every year on April 22nd.
As global citizens, we must always remain conscious of our actions and their global impact.
The issues affecting our world are serious and consequential, and we must do more on a daily basis to address the environmental challenges that we continue to face.
Our resources are precious, and by working together we can safegaurd them and our environment for generations to come.
Congress must be proactive in working to ensure the preservation of the environment.
Protecting our natural environment, animals, forestry and historical lands has always been a priority of mine.
As Co-Chairman of the Congressional Everglades Caucus, I know firsthand of the importance and necessity of preserving and protecting our precious environment.
As the climate change battle continues, I will continue to be on the frontlines fighting to ensure a livable world for our children and grandchildren.
I hope that this years 45th Earth Day celebration inspires many others to join me in the fight to protect our treasured resources.
By promoting activism and awareness, we can move together towards a greener future.
World Health Day
A wide array of health issues continue to plague families both domestically and internationally.
I am exceedingly proud of the work that is being done by organizations such as the World Health Organization (WHO), in order to shed light on various diseases and highlight prevention.
Ive always been a firm believer in the old adage that an ounce of prevention is worth far more than a pound of cure.
World Health Day is celebrated on April 7th every year to mark the anniversary of the founding of WHO in 1948. While the United Nations WHO focuses on the public health of the world writ large, we all need to be concerned about our health and the health of our communities.
World Health Day is an excellent oppportunity for us to turn our attention to this years theme of Food Safety.
The Day provides an opportunity for individuals in every community to get involved in activities that can lead to better health.
Annually, approximately 2 million men, women, and children die as a result of consuming unsafe foods that contain bacteria, chemicals, viruses, and parasites.
This April 7th, let us be vigilant in our food safety and follow the steps highlighted by WHO aimed at preventing deaths and more than 200 diseases, ranging from diarrhea to cancers.
They are:
1. Keep clean and wash your hands thoroughly before preparing or consuming foods
2. Separate raw and cooked food
3. Cook food thoroughly
4. Keep food at safe temperatures
5. Use safe water and raw materials
Congressman Alcee L. Hastings serves as Senior Member of the House Rules Committee, Ranking Democratic Member of the U.S. Helsinki Commission, and Co-Chairman of the Florida Delegation
###
NOTE: Please DO NOT respond to this email as this inbox is unattended. To contact my office please
click here
UNSUBSCRIBE
|
PRIVACY POLICY
|
CONTACT US
Click Here Click Here