
Miller Newsletter
April 19, 2015
Washington Update
House Passes a Series of Tax-Related Measures
Across the country, Americans work hard to provide for their families and build a more prosperous future, and I believe the federal government has a responsibility to respect this hard work by minimizing the tax burden and ensuring that the collection of taxes is transparent and fair.
With Tax Day coming last week, the House passed a number of bills, which I voted for, to help taxpayers keep more of their hard earned money, and ensure that the IRS is held accountable to the taxpayers it serves.
While both the House Committee on Oversight and Government Reform and the House Ways and Means Committee continue to investigate the galling IRS targeting of conservative groups, the House moved forward last week approving a series of bills that would increase transparency, accountability, and fairness at the IRS and help give the agency the chance to restore trust in the fairness of IRS actions.
Bills like H.R.709, the
Prevent Targeting at the IRS Act , H.R.1152, the
IRS Email Transparency Act , and H.R.1295, the
IRS Bureaucracy Reduction and Judicial Review Act , would address the targeting scandal directly by allowing IRS employees to be fired for taking official actions for political purposes or personal gain, prohibiting IRS employees from using personal email to conduct official business, and improving the process for 501(c)4 charitable organizations by allowing them to declare tax-exempt status instead of waiting on the IRS massive and potentially biased bureaucracy.
In addition, we passed several bills that would ensure taxpayers have full recourse and protections as it relates to IRS collections and investigations.
H.R.1058, the
Taxpayer Bill of Rights Act , would require all IRS employees to act in accordance with taxpayer rights, including the right to pay no more than the correct amount of tax, the right of privacy, the right of appeal, the right of confidentiality, and the right to a fair and just tax system, while H.R.1026, the
Taxpayer Knowledge of IRS Investigations Act , would amend the tax code to permit the release of certain information regarding the status of ongoing investigations related to the improper disclosure of taxpayer information by IRS employee.
Finally, the House passed three bills that would help lower the tax burden.
H.R.622, the
Permanent State and Local Sales Tax Deduction Act , which I was proud to cosponsor and vote for, is particularly important for Floridians.
Under current tax law, Americans can choose to deduct what they pay in either state income tax or state and local sales tax from their federal income tax.
This provision, however, is not permanent, meaning that residents of states like Florida, which does not levy a state income tax, do not have the certainty that this important tax deduction will remain available.
H.R.622 would provide certainty and fairness to the estimated 10 million taxpayers who utilize this deduction.
The House also passed H.R.1104, the
Fair Treatment for All Donations Act , which would prevent the IRS from taxing donations made to charitable organizations.
Finally, we also passed H.R.1105, the
Death Tax Repeal Act , which would repeal one of the most onerous and unnecessary taxes in our tax code, the death tax, which forces bereaved families to give a large portion of their loved ones hard-earned savings to the federal government and can prevent families from passing down businesses to the next generation.
As a fiscal conservative and supporter of limited government, I feel that the federal government must always act judiciously and fairly when it comes to taxes.
There is no question that our tax code should be reformed.
I have long supported comprehensive tax reform proposals, and I believe the actions taken last week by the House are necessary to bring additional fairness, transparency, and accountability to the IRS.
Northwest Florida Defense Coalition
Congressman Miller speaking with the Northwest Florida Defense Coalition during their 2015 Annual Fly-In
Northwest Florida is home to military missions and assets critical to the security of our Nation.
The core and associate missions of Naval Air Station Pensacola, Naval Air Station Whiting Field, Naval Support Facility Panama City, Eglin Air Force Base, Hurlburt Field, and Tyndall Air Force Base involve a broad spectrum of roles: training, research and development, and operational forces.
Key to the success of these missions is Northwest Floridas natural resources: the largest contiguous test and training airspace in the Nation, land and water ranges, including the coasts littoral environment. However, the military cannot sustain their installations and mission readiness without help from outside their gates involving communities that assist through strong partnerships between the Department of Defense, local businesses, government leaders, and the community writ large.
No communities serve this need better than those of Northwest Florida.
Once a year, the Northwest Florida Defense Coalitioncomposed of local government and business leaders from five counties of the First and Second Congressional Districts of Floridavisit Washington, D.C., to gain a better sense of Congressional and Defense Department perspectives and offer their views as residents of Northwest Florida.
Most importantly, they provide leadership with their observations on how budgets and policies are affecting the installations and military families. Earlier last week, the coalition heard from high level representatives within the Defense Department and Members of Congress covering issues related to our military infrastructure in the region, the state of our national security enterprise, and the global threat signature from across the globe.
2015 Northwest Florida Defense Coal ition
The group also had the chance to highlight the historical ties, particularly important in our Nation's military history, between the United States and Spain when the Spanish Ambassador to the United States, Ramn Gil-Casares, graciously opened his residence for a reception.
I appreciate the entire delegation not just for taking the time to visit with us last week, but for the vital role they play in ensuring Northwest Floridas military infrastructure remains the best in the world.
Congressman Jeff and Vicki Miller with Ambassador Ramn Gil-Casares (left).
Overview photo of ADM Robert Kelly, USN (Ret) presenting the Ambassador with a framed photograph of the statue of Don Tristan de Luna on behalf of the Northwest Florida Defense Coalition
Congressional Gold Medal Ceremony Honoring The Doolittle Tokyo Raiders
Last week, I was honored to attend the presentation of the Congressional Gold Medal, the highest civilian award bestowed by the United States Congress, to The Doolittle Tokyo Raiders, whose raid ultimately played a pivotal role in securing victory for America and her allies in World War II. Authorized by Public Law No: 113-106, the Congressional Gold Medal recognizes the outstanding heroism, valor, skill, and service of the 80 incredibly brave volunteers wholed by Lt Col James H. Jimmy Doolittle 73 years agoaccepted the risk and volunteered for an unknown and dangerous mission.
Congressman Miller Doolittle Raider Dick Cole at the 2013 Doolittle Raiders Reunion in Fort Walton Beach
Following their training right here in Northwest Florida at then-Eglin Field, the Raiders took off on 16 B-25 bombers from the deck of the
USS Hornet
on April 18, 1942, to strike Japan, knowing that they might not have enough fuel to reach the designated air-fields in China on return. Despite facing great odds, the targets were successfully hit. The raid took the life of two who crashed and led to the capture of eight, of which three were executed and one died of disease. The outcome of the mission, however, forced Japan to shift vital resources to its defense affecting the outcome of the Battle of Midway, the American victory that would begin to turn the tide in the war.
The Congressional Gold Medal will be placed on permanent display at the National Museum of the U.S. Air Force, located at Wright-Patterson Air Force Base near Dayton, Ohio.
To view the April 15 Congressional Gold Medal Ceremony, click on the image below.
Click on the image above to view the April 15, 2015 Congressional Gold Medal Ceremony in Washington, D.C.
Visit with Lt Gen Bradley Heithold HQ AFSOC/CC
Prior to the ceremony, I had the opportunity to visit with Lieutenant General Bradley Heithold, Commander of Air Force Special Operations Command (AFSOC), who accompanied me at the Congressional Gold Medal Ceremony honoring the Doolittle Tokyo Raiders. We discussed the critical need for AFSOCs sustainment and force modernization, as well as the negative impact a constrained budget has on these efforts.
While our country has a spending problem that we must continue to address, we must not continue to erode away our Nations most critical assets--our men and women in uniform, their families, and their civilian support structure.
Lt Gen Heithold and I also discussed the valuable role the CV-22 is playing in combat search and rescue, and as always, I was pleased to hear of some of the ongoing AFSOC contributions to our operations in the Middle East.
Congressman Miller with Lieutenant General Bradley Heithold at the April 15 Congressional Gold Medal Ceremony
Meeting with Lt Col Jim Conner, USAF (ret)
I also met with Lieutenant Colonel Jim Conner, USAF (ret), who sits on the board of directors for the Military Officers Association of America (MOAA). For years, MOAA has done a remarkable job advocating for our servicemembers and their families and educating members of Congress on issues of vital importance to our veterans and our men and women in uniform. During the meeting, Lt Col Conner and I discussed TRICARE fees, military pay and benefits, and the disastrous effects additional sequestration cuts would have on our Nations military.
Additionally, he provided me with their analysis on the Military Compensation and Retirement Modernization Commission recommendations which were published earlier this year.
I appreciate MOAA's advocacy efforts and for Lt Col Conner taking the time to visit.
Congressman Miller meeting with Lt Col Jim Conner, USAF (ret)
Meeting with the Guam Chamber of Commerces Armed Forces Committee
Members from the Guam Chamber of Commerces Armed Forces Committee stopped by my office last week to discuss the importance of Guam to our military mission.
Guam has long played a vital strategic role, and with the DoDs Asia Pacific rebalancing efforts, the island will continue to play an integral part in our militarys success.
Guam has been a gracious host to our military, and it is important to balance the needs of our military.
I appreciate the Guam Chamber of Commerce for coming to share their perspective with me.
C ongressman Miller meeting with Guam Chamber of Commerces Armed Forces Committee
Veterans Corner
House Committee on Veterans' Affairs Legislative Hearing: Denver VA Medical Center: Constructing a Way Forward
The House Committee on Veterans' Affairs held an oversight hearing last week to examine the continued mismanagement, delays and cost overruns associated with the replacement Denver Department of Veterans Affairs medical center construction project, which is now more than $1 billion over budget.
The original cost of the Denver project was $328 million, but VA announced March 17 the cost had ballooned to $1.73 billion. VA has spent nearly all of the money allotted for construction, which was supposed to have been finished in February of 2014, yet the project is not even close to complete.
The hearing afforded us the opportunity to question VA leaders regarding what the department is doing to stop the Denver projects legacy of mismanagement and waste, discuss the departments plan ahead and determine who will been held accountable.
To view the
April 15 hearing, click on the images below.
To view Part I of the April 15 hearing, click on the left image (start at 16:28).
To view Part II of the April 15 hearing, click on the right image.
House Committee on Veterans' Affairs Subcommittee on Disability Assistance and Memorial Affairs Hearing
On Tuesday, I spoke at the House Committee on Veterans' Affairs Disability Assistance and Memorial Affairs Subcommittee hearing to testify on behalf of my bill, H.R.1379, which would help streamline the VA Appeals process and ensure that the final decision of an appeal is accurate, fair, consistent and timely.
As of the first quarter of fiscal year 2015, veterans were forced to wait an average of 1,896 days for their appeals to be decided by the Board of Veterans Appeals. Without question, our Nation's warriors deserve much better than that.
H.R.1379 would give the Board of Veterans' Appeals the authority to obtain all the evidence it needs to issue a fair and accurate decision to help resolve its appeals backlog and give the veterans the finality they deserve.
To view my remarks on H.R.1379, click on the image below.
Click on the image above to view my remarks on H.R.1379 at the April 14 House Committee on Veterans' Affairs Disability Assistance and Memorial Affairs Subcommittee Hearing
Meeting with VA Under Secretary for Benefits Alison Hickey
Last week, I met with Under Secretary for Benefits Allison Hickey and Principal Deputy Under Secretary for Benefits Danny Pummill. We discussed the Veterans Benefits Administrations ongoing efforts to reduce its disability compensation claims backlog and the need for diligent attention to the growing appeals backlog. I was pleased Hickey voiced her support for H.R.1379, mentioned above, and I look forward to VA's continued and much needed work to improve services to our Nations veterans.
Anniversary of the VA Scandal
April 9, 2015, marked the first anniversary of the VA scandal, which was made public last year at a House Committee on Veterans Affairs hearing. While I think VA Secretary Bob McDonald is doing his best to correct VAs course, enormous challenges remain. VAs chief problem
a widespread lack of accountability among failed employees
is as prevalent today as it was a year ago. In fact, in the wake of the biggest scandal in VA history, which centered on appointment wait time manipulation, not a single VA senior executive has been fired for wait time issues. Further, VA employees at the heart of the scandal in Phoenix remain on paid leave to this day. Everyone knows accountability is a major problem at VA, and right now the department needs to work with Congress to ensure VA has every tool possible to swiftly hold problem employees accountable. Thats why VAs refusal to support any HVAC legislative efforts to improve accountability at the agency introduced this Congress is so disappointing.
No one thought the departments problems would magically disappear upon the appointment of a new secretary. But its been a year since the scandal broke, and the department is still facing challenges with transparency, protecting whistleblowers and conveying accurate information to the public. Its simply nave to think these issues will subside in the absence of the thorough housecleaning the department desperately needs. Eric Shinsekis tenure as VA secretary was marked by many widespread and systemic problems. But to his credit, Shinseki accepted responsibility for the issues that occurred on his watch. Unfortunately, the same cannot be said for many employees who, despite their connection to the VA scandal, remain on the departments payroll to this day.
In the News
WCOA Pensacola Speaks
To listen to my interview with WCOA's Rick Outzen regarding the VA, including the Denver Construction failure, and the President's proposed deal with Iran, click
here .
Miller Media Clips
To read some recent press clips highlighting my work on behalf of Florida's First Congressional District and our Nations veterans and servicemembers, click on the links below:
Philly VA benefits office mishandled, ignored claims
Congress to VA about Denver hospital: How are we going to pay for it?
Audit finds wide mismanagement at Philly VA
House members angry over VAs response to whistleblowers
VA Seeks $830-Million Shift to Finish Troubled Colorado Hospital
Panel Approves Bill Allowing VA Secretary to Claw Back Pension Benefits From Misbehaving Feds
In Aurora, vets fearful of 'hospital to nowhere'
House panel to hear request for more funding for troubled VA hospital project in Colo.
Then and now: Reactions to VA scandal
One year later, VA still protecting and promoting cover-up artists
In the District
Upcoming Mobile Office Days in Rosemary Beach and Santa Rosa Beach this Tuesday, April 21
In order to better serve the needs of constituents who are not close to the Pensacola or Fort Walton Beach offices, special mobile office days modeled after veterans assistance days have been established to better serve our growing population in Northwest Florida. I am pleased to announce upcoming office hours that will be held Tuesday, April 21. My staff will be available to answer questions about problems with federal agencies or other issues affecting the First Congressional District at the following locations and times: 10:00 a.m.
11:30 a.m. at Rosemary Beach Town Hall (78 North Barrett Square in Rosemary Beach) and 2:00 p.m.
3:30 p.m. at Office of District 5 County Commission Conference Room (70 Logan Lane in Santa Rosa Beach).
As always, I welcome your comments. To share your thoughts on legislation, votes or issues, please visit http://jeffmiller.house.gov/ to send an e-mail or call any of my offices.
Thanks,
Jeff
Click Here
to view this email in your browser
Click Here
to be removed from this list