
Around the Capitol
One Step Closer to the Presidents Desk
A week after I introduced my first bill, it passed out of committee and it is one step closer to becoming law. H.R. 1390, the Small Business Joint Venturing Act, would give small businesses a better chance to compete for federal contracts by allowing them to form joint ventures and work together while maintaining their small business status in the bidding process. On March 25th, the bill was considered in the Small Business Committee where it passed unanimously. H.R. 1390 now awaits assignment to an additional committee before it is sent to the House floor for a vote.
Faithful Friends
On March 24th, I was visited by Pastor Paul Chappell from Lancaster Baptist Church. We chatted in my office about the role of faith in politics and government along with the Mayor of Lancaster, Rex Parris. Afterward, I took part in the Capital Connection Service where I spoke to hundreds of pastors from across the country. It was great to see so many people of faith assembled in Washington, D.C. to help make our nation and our communities better places for our families to live.
Intern Corner
My Capitol Office has become a little livelier as of last week with two new interns joining my team. Andrea (pictured left) is a graduate of Arizona State University who is seeking to learn more about the legislative process. Nicole (pictured right) is a Santa Clarita Valley native and is in her final quarter at University of California, Irvine. She is taking part in the UC-DC program, where students in the UC system can take classes in Washington, D.C. while they intern in a
congressional office and gain valuable work experience while still in school. Currently, both are helping us with various projects regarding legislative research and constituent services.
If you or someone you know is interested in interning in either my Washington, D.C. Office or one of my district offices, please visit:
https://knight.house.gov/services/internships.
Around the District
Calling All Artists
Im excited to announce that I am now accepting artwork submissions for the Congressional Art Competition of 2015. High School students can submit an original work of art for a chance to be selected as the 25th Congressional Districts winner. The first place winner will be provided with complimentary airfare to Washington, D.C. to see his or her art displayed in the Capitol Buildingwhich will be displayed for an entire year. Artwork must be submitted by Friday, April 24th to one of my District Offices in Antelope Valley, Simi Valley, or to the KHTS Radio Station in Santa Clarita. A winner will be announced by May 1st, and will be selected by a panel of judges consisting of members of the art community throughout the district.
For more information on guidelines and rules, please visit my website at:
https://knight.house.gov/services/art-competition
or call my Antelope Valley Office at (661) 441-0320.
Fun at the Air Show
One of my favorite events in the Antelope Valley is the Annual LA County Air Show. It was held at Fox Field on March 21st and 22nd with a special Friday night show at the Antelope Valley Fairgrounds. For the first time ever the show was headlined by the United States Air Force Thunderbirds, who performed some amazing stunts. Also in the lineup were demonstrations by the United States Marine Corps AV-8B Harrier Jump Jet and the United States Navy F/A-18 Super Hornet.
A Successful Tele-Town Hall
Last Tuesday evening I hosted a tele-town hall event with constituents in Simi Valley. I called households around the community from my Office in Washington, D.C. and answered questions. We covered a wide variety of topics, including the water shortage in California, immigration reform, and healthcare policy. This is the first of many events I will be hosting to get feedback from constituents. On April 17th I will be hosting an open house at my district office in Simi Valley and on May 6th I will be at a Simi Valley Chamber of Commerce Town Hall Meeting at Wood Ranch Golf Club. Keep an eye out for more information on these events and other tele-town halls as I look forward to hearing from you.
Around the Corner
VA Lancaster Community-Based Outpatient Clinic Grand Opening
Thursday, April 3, 10am
340 East Avenue I, Suite 108, Lancaster
For more information visit:
http://www.losangeles.va.gov/locations/directions-LAN.asp
Simi Valley Egg Hunt and Salute to Spring
Saturday, April 4, 10am
Rancho Santa Susana Community Center, 5005-C E. Los Angeles Ave, Simi Valley
For more information visit:
http://www.rsrpd.org/rec/events/svegghunt2015.pdf
Santa Clarita Egg Hunt Eggstravaganza
Saturday, April 4, 10am
Central Park, 27150 Bouquet Canyon Rd Santa Clarita
For more information call: (661) 250-3778
City of Lancaster Bunnys Annual Egg Hunt Eggstravaganza
Saturday, April 4, 9:30am
Lancaster City Park, Big 8 Complex, 43011 10th St W, Lancaster
For more information visit:
http://www.cityoflancasterca.org/Index.aspx?page=522
Congressman Knights Simi Valley District Office Open House
Friday, April 17, 5-7pm
1445 E. Los Angeles Avenue, #206, Simi Valley
For more information call: (805) 581-7130
Simi Valley Chamber of Commerce Town Hall
Wednesday, May 6, 8-9:30am
Wood Ranch Golf Club, 301 Wood Ranch Parkway, Simi Valley
For more information call: (805) 526-3900
WEBSITE
|
UNSUBSCRIBE
|
CONTACT
Click Here Click Here