
Website
|
About
|
Contact Me
|
Serving You
|
Media Center
|
Legislative Work
|
Our District
|
Resources
March 29, 2015
The Scalise Capitol Report
Restoring Fiscal Sanity
In 1982, President Ronald Reagan said We don't have a trillion-dollar debt because we haven't taxed enough; we have a trillion-dollar debt because we spend too much. Fast forward 33 years, and our nation has racked up
a whopping $18.1 trillion debt . Washington has a serious spending problem!
Every year American families sit around the kitchen table to develop a budget that ensures they live within their means; Washington should live by this same standard as well. That is why the House has passed
a budget
that establishes conservative priorities to get our economy back on track. Our budget reflects the priorities of the American people and contrasts greatly with President Obamas proposed budget that never, EVER balances. The House Republican Budget does not raise taxes, and in fact calls for a fairer, simpler tax code that makes America competitive with the rest of the world, which contrasts with President Obama's budget that calls for $2.1 trillion in new taxes.
Instead of more wasteful Washington spending, our budget creates a healthy economy by empowering hardworking taxpayers. We call for bold reforms to save Medicare from bankruptcy and strengthen it for future generations. The House-passed budget provides increases for a strong national defense and repeals failed laws like Dodd-Frank and Obamacare while paving the way for patient-centered reforms that lower costs and get federal bureaucrats out of our health care decisions.
It was clear from President Obama's proposed budget for 2016 that he does not share our priorities or have Louisianas best interests in mind. His budget proposed to raid our coastal restoration funds, threatening the fabric of our existence in south Louisiana. Our state fought hard for our fair share of the revenue generated from energy produced off of our coast. I vowed to protect and defend that commitment, which is why I worked closely with other leaders in the House to ensure that Louisiana's coastal protection revenues from oil and gas royalties remained in our budget. Revenue sharing is an important way to encourage more states to produce American energy, and I will continue fighting to protecting it from raids by President Obama and his anti-energy cronies.
Touring a production platform during the 2014 Offshore Energy Tour. The House-passed budget blocks the President from raiding Louisianas coastal funds.
The House-passed budget offers responsible solutions to the many issues facing our nation, all without raising taxes. Thanks to the tireless work of the members of the House Budget Committee, the American people have a roadmap that restores fiscal sanity in Washington while expanding opportunity for all Americans. Shortly after we passed our budget, the Senate passed their fiscal year 2016 budget and I look forward to the House and Senate reaching a budget agreement over the next few weeks.
Discussing how the House Republican budget balances within ten years with the National Association of State Treasurers
Strengthening Medicare and Permanently Repealing the SGR
Medicare is a critical program for our nation's seniors, but will remain fiscally unstable unless common sense reforms are made. Last week, the House took an important first step toward putting Medicare on a more sustainable path by passing bipartisan reforms that will stabilize and modernize how doctors are paid to treat our nation's seniors. The House put an end to the budget gimmicks that have been used over the last 15 years to patch Medicare's flawed payment system, called the "Sustainable Growth Rate" (SGR). This permanent fix is not only
fiscally responsible , but it will also improve care and increase access to doctors for our seniors. For far too long, the deeply flawed Medicare SGR formula has caused uncertainty for countless Medicare doctors and their patients. Until now, Congress has responded by simply kicking the can down the road and using budget gimmicks to mask the real problem. Those days are over. This legislation does away with SGR once and for all, and replaces it with an improved, structurally-sound, and patient-centered system that promotes higher quality of care for seniors.
Listening to seniors share about their experiences with the successful Medicare Advantage program at a fitness center in Covington (then they asked me to work out with them; I could not keep up!).
Click on the photo above to watch me discuss this complete repeal of the SGR
Listening to the Afghanistan President Discusses War Against Islamic Terrorists
In a recent address to a Joint Meeting of Congress, Afghan President Ashraf Ghani reiterated his commitment to combat radical Islamic terror, expand access to education for women, and improve the quality of life for Afghan citizens. His efforts build upon the achievement our service men and women fought for in Afghanistan and ensures the success of our special partnership for many years to come.
Click on the photo above to watch President Ghanis address to Congress
Supporting the Ukrainian People
It is critical that the United States help Ukraine defend itself from Russias continued aggression in Eastern Europe. When Ukrainian President Poroshenko addressed Congress in September, he asked the United States to provide military assistance to defend their people and their democratically elected government from Russian-backed separatists. Unfortunately, his words fell on deaf ears at the White House. In a strong bipartisan vote, the House of Representatives reaffirmed our commitment to Ukraine and called upon President Obama to provide the assistance Ukraine needs to defend its sovereignty from Putin's aggression.
Meeting with met President Poroshenko before he addressed the House and Senate in September 2014. His powerful speech focused on America's important bond with free countries like Ukraine.
It is an honor to represent you in Congress. For more information please visit my
website
,
Twitter
,
Instagram
, and
Facebook
pages.
God Bless,
Steve Scalise
House Majority Whip
WEBSITE
|
UNSUBSCRIBE
|
CONTACT
Washington DC Office
2338 Rayburn HOB
Washington, DC 20515
Phone: (202) 225-3015
Houma Office
8026 Main Street
Suite 700
Houma, LA 70360
Phone: (985) 879-2300
Metairie Office
110 Veterans Boulevard
Suite 500
Metairie, LA 70005
Phone: (504) 837-1259
Mandeville Office
21454 Koop Drive
Suite 1E
Mandeville, LA 70471
Phone: (985) 893-9064
Hammond Office
1514 Martens Drive
Suite 10
Hammond, LA 70401
Phone: (985) 340-2185
Click Here Click Here