
If you are having trouble viewing this message or
would like to share it on a social network, you can
view the message online .
Home
|
About
|
How Can I
Help?
|
Media
|
Issues
|
The 6th
District
Dear
Friends:
Momentum
is growing for major VA construction
reform.
On
Wednesday we held a hearing at the House Veterans Affairs Committee
looking into the Aurora VA hospital fiasco and how we can prevent it from
happening again. While I have been working tirelessly to fix this mess,
the hearing provided an important venue for Members of Congress who
represent districts far from Aurora, Colorado to understand the depth
of the problem and the solutions available to
Congress.
Nearly every member of the committee, Republican and Democrat,
spoke out in favor of removing the VA from managing another major
construction project again, which is one of the central elements of my VA
construction reform bill.
There was also bipartisan
condemnation of the VAs plan to fund the entire cost overrun for the
hospital out of a fund approved by Congress last year meant to fix the
unacceptably long wait times many veterans encounter when seeking
care from the VA.
I have proposed instead to fund the
cost overruns with the $360 million a year currently authorized for
VA bonuses.
Hours after the hearing on Wednesday, the
Denver Post published an editorial titled: Bureaucrats first is still
the VA code. The Post harshly criticized the VA for opposing my bonus
plan and instead relying on funds meant to fix other mistakes at the
VA. Whats more than irritating, the Post writes, is that the VA,
after what even one of its own officials described Wednesday as a
historic construction catastrophe, cant bring itself to take some of the
needed funds from its somnolent
management.
Then
yesterday, the Aurora Sentinel published an editorial in support of my bill
the VA Construction, Reform and Accountability Act
calling it a
step in the right direction and characterizing the VA as out of
control. The Sentinel wrote that it is flabbergasting that so much
widespread malfeasance would be perpetrated and apparently tolerated in a
crucial government agency like the VA, but its galling to taxpayers that
the system and inept government employees were handsomely rewarded
for behavior that should have cost them their
jobs.
From
Members of Congress from Kansas to Florida, Republican and Democrat,
Denver Post and the Aurora Sentinel, support is growing for my plan to
get the Aurora VA hospital built and hold the VA accountable for
failing our nation's taxpayers and
veterans.
If you
support my plan, I encourage you to write letters to the editor of your
local paper. Tell your friends, family and
neighbors.
Together we can fix the VA. Together we can get this
done.
Sincerely,
Mike Coffman
U.S. Representative
If you would
like to sign up to receive regular email updates from Mike, please
visit
this
link
$ 18,158,925,473,975
Share on Facebook
Share on
Twitter
Share on
LinkedIn
Bureaucrats First is
Still the VA Code
By: Denver Post Editorial
Board
The Denver
Post
Published
April 15, 2015
Instead of using all of a $5 billion fund established by Congress to
make the Department of Veterans Affairs more efficient, the VA
proposes spending nearly a fifth of the money to compensate for grotesque
inefficiency.
That, in a
nutshell, is the agency's plan, announced this week, to cover an
estimated $830 million shortfall in the construction of a new hospital in
Aurora. They'll take it out of a special fund that was supposed to help
the agency reform itself.
Now, we don't want Congress simply to appropriate more money for
the project as if the federal budget deficit were of niggling concern.
And, to be sure, that $5 billion pot of money is an awfully attractive
option for covering some of the shortfall. What's more than
irritating, however, is that the VA, after what even one of its own officials
described Wednesday as a "historic construction catastrophe," can't
bring itself to take some of the needed funds from its somnolent
management.
"Despite scandal
after scandal involving VA bureaucrats, they are unwilling to sacrifice a
single dime of their bonus money to pay for their mistakes," s aid
Republican Rep.
Mike Coffman , who'd proposed freezing
bonuses for two years to pay for the shortfall.
That's right: Last year the agency doled out a
staggering $400 million in bonuses.
Senior management didn't get all of that bonus money, of
course. But they got a significant cut, and it's mystifying why they
should proceed on their merry way without
repercussions.
As outlined in The Denver Post this
week, the Aurora hospital was designed to a gold-plated standard, with
a concourse that the contractor at one point described as possibly
the largest in the world for such a facility.
Yet even these profligate touches may not fully
explain the overruns. And Colorado's Sen. Michael Bennet is still
pressing for a full explanation of why the cost is so high. The answer may
be less important than completing the facility, but it's not one that
Congress should let go of, especially given the possibility of
corruption.
COLORADO
ACADEMY INFORMATION
DAY
Saturday, April 25,
2015
1:00 PM
4:00 PM
Learn about the academy
nomination process from the Congressional offices and meet
representatives and cadets from:
Reserve Officer Training
Corps
U.S.
Air Force Academy
U.S. Coast Guard
U.S. Merchant
Marine Academy
U.S. Military Academy at West
Point
U.S.
Naval Academy at Annapolis
Denver South High
School
1700 East Louisiana
Avenue
Denver, CO
80210
EDITORIAL: Enact Coffman's Plan to use VA Bonus Dollars for
Blunders
By: Aurora
Sentinel
The Aurora
Sentinel
Published April 16,
2015
Not
only does the badly mistreated taxpayer buck not stop at the desks of
leaders of the Veterans Administration, it gets passed back to the
folks who sent it to Washington in the first place.
The surreal situation
at the VA, where billion-dollar cost overruns and employees scheming
about how to cover up how lousy the service is, must be stopped. Its
not hyperbole to say the VA is out of control, and that the Obama
administration and Congress must jointly take action immediately to preserve
the health of veterans and save billions of dollars.
Colorado and the
nation are still reeling from the news that the once pricey $350
million VA replacement hospital to built years ago on the Aurora Fitzsimons
Campus is now estimated to cost $1.7 billion dollars, and its likely
to be even bigger, costlier and later than everyone is led to
believe.
Its not only an outrage, its a danger to the stumbling VA healthcare
system across the country. Congress is looking for almost a billion
dollars in cash
it absolutely doesnt have
to pay for cost overruns.
And Congress must keep in mind that the nation, and especially the VA
healthcare system, cant tolerate suspending, dialing back or
outright killing other projects across the country intended to improve a sad,
inefficient and embarrassing program.
Aurora Congressman
Mike
Coffman
has proposed a realistic and effective way to not only
raise the cash needed to complete this badly needed project, but
Coffmans
proposal to halt all VA performance bonuses is
an important statement by itself. Its flabbergasting that so much
widespread malfeasance would be perpetrated and apparently tolerated in a
crucial government agency like the VA, but its galling to taxpayers
that the system and inept government employees were handsomely rewarded
for behavior that should have cost them their jobs.
Coffman
is proposing that Congress suspend all VA bonuses for 30 months
and use the estimated billion dollars or so earmarked for that to pay
for cost overruns at least at this VA boondoggle.
Its a
start.
This week,
Coffman
made a second stab at pushing through the VA
Construction Accountability and Reform Act. During a VA Hospital
Oversight hearing in Washington,
Coffman
pushed back at
complaints from VA officials that across-the-board bonus cuts would be
unfairly punitive to VA employees who werent responsible for this
malfeasance, and they were being rewarded for jobs well
done.
This
catastrophe isnt about fairness. Its about an inept government agency.
Coffman
isnt suggesting that VA employees give back past
bonus money, although we, and most taxpayers, would be thrilled to
learn that those VA employees who lied, cheated or were responsible for
this and other VA construction quagmires, must reimburse taxpayers for
their incompetence.
Instead, the situation has changed, and a loss of
bonuses for a couple of years is a reflection of this urgent VA reality.
Those kind of real-life situations affect pay and working conditions
for just about every American worker outside of the government.
Theres no defensible reason to expect VA employees should be permitted to
work under different standards.
The bigger picture
Coffman , the rest of Congress and the Obama administration must examine is
whether the VA problems are fixable, or whether the situation calls
for wholesale changes.
But for now, using bonus payments this agency
cannot afford under these dire circumstances is a step in the right
direction of fixing the VAs immediate and short-range
problems.
Washington Office
2443 Rayburn HOB
Washington, D.C. 20515
Phone: (202) 225-7882
Fax: (202) 226-4623
District
Office
Cherry Creek Place IV
3300 S. Parker Road, Suite #305
Aurora, CO 80014
Phone: (720) 748-7514
Fax: (720) 748-7680
Unsubscribe
|
Update My
Profile
|
Privacy Policy
gateway mail end
