
David -- It&rsquo;s incredible:
A whopping 15,215 Democrats have kicked in since Hillary&rsquo;s big announcement. There&rsquo;s no doubt: people are really EXCITED about putting a Democrat in the White House and giving him -- or her (!) -- a Democratic Congress. We can&rsquo;t thank you enough for the outpouring of support!
Don&rsquo;t worry -- we&rsquo;re not emailing you to ask for another contribution today. We just wanted to take a moment to tell you why this cause is so important for us.
Today marks 100 days of a Republican-controlled Congress -- and it hasn&rsquo;t been pretty. Instead of looking out for everyday Americans, the Republicans have spent all their time trying to eliminate Obamacare and slash Medicare.
It&rsquo;s been awful.
Our Democratic values couldn&rsquo;t be more different. In our survey, we asked you what your top priorities are -- and here are the top three:
Protecting Social Security and Medicare
Implementing tax reform to ensure billionaires and Big Oil pay their fair share
Protecting civil rights, equal rights, and voting rights
Do you agree with these priorities? Take our survey to add your opinion &gt;&gt;
We&rsquo;re going to fight tooth and nail to achieve these Democratic priorities. But it&rsquo;d be a whole lot easier with a Democratic White House AND Congress.
That&rsquo;s why we owe you such a big thank you. You&rsquo;re one of the strongest Democrats out there, and we really appreciate you standing with us.
Thanks,
DCCC
Paid for by the Democratic Congressional Campaign Committee | 430 South Capitol Street SE, Washington, DC 20003 |
(202) 863-1500
| www.dccc.org | Not authorized by any candidate or candidate's committee.
This message was sent to:
dj724530@gmail.com
| If you'd like to sign up for emails in a different account, click
here .
We believe that emails are a crucial way for our campaign to stay in touch with supporters. However, if you'd just like to receive fewer emails, you can click
here .
We are already at work preparing for what's next. Early support will be critical for building our next campaign to defeat Tea Party Republicans. 99% of our contributions come from grassroots donations, with an average gift of $22. If you'd like to unsubscribe from DCCC emails, click
here . If you'd like to make an online donation, click
here . Thanks for your support of Democrats!
