
If you are having trouble viewing this E-newsletter,
click here . To unsubscribe from these mailings,
click here .
April 10, 2015
To instantly unsubscribe from these mailings, please click here .
I want to hear from you!
Share your thoughts:
*250 character limit. By clicking submit you are agreeing to receive my email updates.
Having trouble viewing this email? Click here .
Dear Friends,
I am writing to highlight some things in Congress and our community that I hope you will find helpful.
Paid Family Leave &ndash; Share Your Story
Equal Pay for
Equal Work
&ldquo;Fast Track&rdquo; and the Trans-Pacific Partnership &ndash; Survey
Connecticut Events and Announcements
Paid Family Leave
Congresswoman DeLauro meets with families to discuss the impact of paid family leave in today&rsquo;s workforce.
On March 18, 2015 I reintroduced the
Family and Medical Insurance Leave
(FAMILY)
Act . This legislation would establish a national paid family and medical leave insurance program that every worker would qualify for. Hard-working Americans should not have to choose between a paycheck and caring for themselves or a loved-one.
What does #PaidLeave mean to you? Share your story
here .
Equal Pay for Equal Work
On March 25, 2015 I was proud to reintroduce the
Paycheck Fairness Act
with Senator Barbara Mikulski. This critical legislation would help close the wage gap between men and women working the same jobs by expanding protections that exist under the
Equal Pay Act
signed into law by President Kennedy. On average, women make just 78 cents for every dollar made by a man. We must stand up for what is right and make equal pay a reality in today&rsquo;s workforce because this is not just a women&rsquo;s issue, it is a family issue and an economic issue.
&ldquo;Fast-Track&rdquo; and the Trans-Pacific Partnership
Congresswoman DeLauro leads a press conference to discuss important issues related to trade
deals and the economy.
In the last 20 years, Connecticut has lost over 96,000 manufacturing jobs, due in large part to trade agreements that fail to protect American workers. Instead, working class families are forced to compete in an international race to the bottom. In Vietnam, one of the countries we would partner with under the Trans-Pacific Partnership, the minimum wage is just 56 cents an hour. To restore long-term prosperity in America, we have to go back to being a country that builds things, not just one that consumes goods made overseas. I firmly believe Congress should preserve its constitutional authority over trade agreements, and fight to ensure that our trade policies support the American middle class and keep our jobs here.
As Congress continues to debate this important issue, it is critical that I know where you stand on this issue.
Do you support giving the Administration the authority to fast track free trade agreements through Congress without debate or amendment?&rdquo;
If you are having trouble viewing or completing the survey, please click here.
Yes
No
Not Sure
*By clicking submit, you are agreeing to
receive periodic updates from my office.
Connecticut Events and Announcements
Annual Municipal Meeting
Congresswoman DeLauro meets with municipal leaders to discuss the budget and how it impacts towns in the district.
On March 10, 2015 I was pleased to host an annual meeting of municipal leaders from across Connecticut&rsquo;s Third District. We had a productive conversation about the federal budget and key issues facing our towns. It is critical for federal, state, and local officials to work together on issues like expanding access to education and creating strong jobs here in the district.
IRS Scams
Congresswoman DeLauro joins state officials to discuss IRS phone scams and tax fraud issues ahead of the tax filing deadline.
On March 9, 2015 I joined State officials to discuss the increasing prevalence of IRS phone scams ahead of this year&rsquo;s tax season. We had a productive conversation about how to spot fraud and report it to the authorities.
Connecticut Science Fair
Congresswoman DeLauro visits the Connecticut Science Fair to discuss the importance
of science education.
It was a pleasure to meet students from across the Third Congressional District at the Connecticut Science Fair on March 12, 2015. Investing in science, technology, engineering and math is the key to strengthening our economy and creating an innovative, globally competitive workforce in the 21st century.
Keep in Touch
Follow me on
Facebook ,
Twitter , and
YouTube
to find out more about what is happening in Congress and at home in Connecticut.
Sincerely,
Rosa DeLauro
Bill Search
|
Constituent Services
Washington, DC
2413 Rayburn HOB
Washington, D.C. 20515
Phone: (202) 225-3661
District Office
59 Elm St.
New Haven, CT, 06510
Phone: (203) 562-3718
