
Friday, April 24, 2015
WEBSITE
|
FORWARD TO A FRIEND
| SHARE ON:
Foxx Report
In 2013 there were 46,605 cyber breaches in the federal government, and its estimated that $445 billion is lost annually to cybercrime across the world economy. To combat that menace, the House passed bipartisan legislation this week to improve the governments ability to protect the nation against cyber threats before they damage our infrastructure or economy while also ensuring the privacy and civil liberties of American citizens are protected.
H.R. 1560, the Protecting Cyber Networks Act, would encourage private companies to voluntarily share information with each other and with the government on cyber threats. H.R. 1731, the National Cybersecurity Protection Advancement Act, would strengthen the National Cybersecurity and Communications Integration Centers role as the lead civilian interface for the sharing of cybersecurity risks and incidents.
Both pieces of legislation prohibit the federal government from forcing private sector companies to give information to the government. They also require companies to remove all personal information before sharing as well as require federal government agencies to perform a second check to remove personal information.
Making a Difference for the American People
It's been just over 100 days since the start of the 114th Congress. Despite the short time we have had, the obstacles we have faced and the enormity of our task, House Republicans have managed
a number of conservative victories .
However, its been said that no one hears about the plane that landed safely. What that very apt adage suggests is that we are often unaware of the good work being done every day and it isnt unless something goes wrong that people take notice.
House Republicans will continue to work hard to advance solutions that build a healthy economy, empowering all Americans to seek new opportunities and achieve a better life.
2015 Congressional Art Competition
Its time to vote for the 2015 Congressional Art Competition. You will find a photo of each students artwork posted on
my Facebook page . The piece that receives the highest number of likes will win, and the artist will have the opportunity to travel to the U.S. Capitol for the installation of his or her work. Two runners-up will also be selected, and their artwork will be on display in one of my district offices. Voting will end on Tuesday, May 5, at noon.
Whats Coming Up
Next week the House will consider two appropriations bills under regular order, the FY 2016 Energy and Water Appropriations Act and the FY 2016 Military Construction and Veterans Affairs Appropriations Act. We will also vote on legislation to require President Obama to withdraw his flawed new Waters of the U.S. rule, which would negatively impact farmers and other landowners.
Sincerely,
NOTE: Please DO NOT respond to this email as this inbox is unattended. To contact my office please
click here
SIGN UP TO RECEIVE REGULAR UPDATES
|
PRIVACY POLICY
|
CONTACT US
Click Here Click Here