
Website
|
About
|
Contact Me
|
Serving You
|
Media Center
|
Legislative Work
|
Our District
|
Resources
May 2, 2015
The Scalise Capitol Report
Standing Up for Disabled Louisiana Workers
For 100 years, Lighthouse Louisiana has taught important life skills and provided great career opportunities to blind and disabled workers in its New Orleans manufacturing facility. Unfortunately, last year the Obama Administration made an outrageous policy change resulting in the shifting of jobs overseas with the goal of developing economies in countries where our troops serve. This decision, which was made with little justification or transparency, resulted in the loss of more than 40 jobs and $18 million in contracts at Lighthouse Louisiana. I understand the need for diplomacy and economic development in strategic countries, but this should not be done at the expense of jobs for disabled Americans. This policy change is unacceptable, and that is why I held
a press conference
with Lighthouse to call on President Obama to reverse this misguided policy, and to call attention to the importance of protecting jobs at home and empowering disabled Americans. The President can reverse this policy immediately with the stroke of his pen.
I will continue fighting to get it reversed and bring these jobs back home.
Click on the photo above to watch me tour Lighthouse Louisiana after the press conference
I am calling on the Administration to
bring these jobs back , and this can be done right now with a change in policy. It should not take an act of Congress to get the Administration to recognize that they made a mistake, but I will be working on viable, legislative solutions to help the Lighthouse workers who refuse to be defined by their disabilities.
Meeting with Renee Vidrine, President of Lighthouse Louisiana, and David Green, Lighthouse employee, in DC as they advocate alongside me to get these jobs back
Championing Louisiana Small Businesses
The Louisiana Small Business Development Center (LSBDC) at Southeastern University has been awarded the 2015 Small Business Development Center Excellence and Innovation Award, making it the top small business development center in the United States. The LSBDC at Southeastern University has been
a champion for small businesses
throughout south Louisiana for more than two decades and is dedicated to providing the vital tools and opportunities small businesses need to compete and create jobs. I recently had the honor of congratulating Director Joubert and his team at the LSBDC in person for receiving this very prestigious national award and recognition.
Congratulating Director Joubert for receiving this national small business award
I also was recently honored to receive the Spirit of Enterprise Award from the U.S. Chamber of Commerce for supporting pro-growth and pro-job legislation in Congress. Liberal polices in Washington have led to an unsustainable growth in government spending, debt and radical regulations; these polices managed to yield the
worst labor market recovery since the Great Depression . Innovation and job creation needs to flow from the ground up, not from unelected bureaucrats in Washington. As the proud representative for LA-01, I will continue to work alongside the LSBDC to help small business and pass legislation that creates good jobs along with a healthy economy for hard-working taxpayers.
Honored to receive the U.S. Chamber of Commerce's Spirit of Enterprise Award
Passing a Balanced Budget
For the first time since 2001,
Congress passed a bicameral budget this week
that balances in ten years and does not raise taxes. The budget contains over $5 trillion in savings, generates $400 billion in economic growth, and adds 1.2 million additional jobs in the next ten years. Its time for Americans to stop struggling to pay higher costs for food, utilities and health care, which is why the House passed this responsible budget that gets our economy moving again and creates good jobs. This budget aligns with our focus on getting government out of the way so hard-working Americans can have a fair opportunity to achieve the American dream.
Click on the photo above to learn more about the Congressional Balanced Budget Resolution
Expanding Economic Opportunities Around the Globe
Japans Prime Minister Shinzo Abe addressed a joint session of Congress this week, and I was privileged to be a part of his host committee for this historic event, marking the first time a Japanese Prime Minister addressed a joint session of Congress. Japan continues to be one of our closest allies and partners in the Asia-Pacific region as we both work together to expand economic opportunities for our citizens. Key aspects to ensuring this include regional security and agreements on fair trade policy. Prime Minister Abes commitment to our recently revised security alliance will help ensure peace and prosperity in the region. And we are currently working on a new trade agreement between the U.S. And other Asian countries to help promote more American exports. The economic success of the Asia-Pacific is critical to the economic success of the United States. If the past seven decades are any indication of what our two nations can achieve in order to join together in mutual respect and admiration, then our path forward will continue to be long and successful.
Click on the photo above to watch Prime Minister Shinzo Abe of Japan's address to a joint meeting of Congress
It is an honor to represent you in Congress. For more information please visit my
website ,
Twitter ,
Instagram , and
Facebook
pages.
God Bless,
Steve Scalise
House Majority Whip
WEBSITE
|
UNSUBSCRIBE
|
CONTACT
Washington DC Office
2338 Rayburn HOB
Washington, DC 20515
Phone: (202) 225-3015
Houma Office
8026 Main Street
Suite 700
Houma, LA 70360
Phone: (985) 879-2300
Metairie Office
110 Veterans Boulevard
Suite 500
Metairie, LA 70005
Phone: (504) 837-1259
Mandeville Office
21454 Koop Drive
Suite 1E
Mandeville, LA 70471
Phone: (985) 893-9064
Hammond Office
1514 Martens Drive
Suite 10
Hammond, LA 70401
Phone: (985) 340-2185
Click Here Click Here