
Friday, April 17, 2015
WEBSITE
|
FORWARD TO A FRIEND
| SHARE ON:
Foxx Report
Taxpayers shudder at the mere mention of the IRS, and that image hasnt been helped since the federal governments most feared agency admitted to singling out conservative groups for unprecedented invasive scrutiny. As Americans, we expect our government to preserve, protect and defend our rights - not target them for political gain and control.
On Wednesday, the House passed
several pieces of legislation
designed to protect hardworking taxpayers and rein in IRS abuse as Americans faced the annual deadline to file their tax returns.
During a
speech on the House floor , I also called for comprehensive tax reform that ensures a smaller, less complex income tax burden for all Americans. Between mountains of paperwork, complicated rules and the fear of fines, paying taxes every year is a huge burden for hardworking Americans. It is past time to simplify the tax code and decrease the tax burden that Americans currently spend close to a third of the year bearing.
Eliminating the Death Tax
The House also approved legislation to permanently repeal the federal estate tax, better known as the death tax. While it represents only a tiny fraction of federal revenue, the death tax can be devastating for a family.
Eliminating this unreasonable and unfair burden on thousands of American families, small businesses and family farms is the right thing to do.
Rev. Kenny Gooden
This week Rev. Kenny Gooden, pastor of Union Grove Baptist Church in Yadkinville,
opened the U.S. House of Representatives with a prayer .
It is always a pleasure to invite a pastor from North Carolina's 5th District to serve as guest chaplain, and I hope that his words of prayer will remain with my colleagues as we do the people's work.
Rev. Goodens service to God cuts to the very heart of the gospel message of love. He has brightened and enriched the lives of many throughout the years, and we are blessed to have him in our community.
Veterans Information Session
On Friday, June 19, I will host a Veterans Information Session in Clemmons. Non-profit organizations and VA representatives will be on hand to assist with any questions veterans and their families may have.
The entire nation owes our veterans a huge debt of gratitude, and ensuring that debt is properly repaid is one of my top priorities in Congress.
Please visit
my website
for additional information.
Whats Coming Up
Next week the House will consider legislation to bolster our nations cybersecurity, confronting threats to our national security and financial system.
Sincerely,
NOTE: Please DO NOT respond to this email as this inbox is unattended. To contact my office please
click here
SIGN UP TO RECEIVE REGULAR UPDATES
|
PRIVACY POLICY
|
CONTACT US
Click Here Click Here