
E-news Sign-up
Monday April 27,2015
CONTACT STEVEN
A Path to Recovery
In Case You
Missed It...
Palazzo on RESTORE funds:
I dont think they can wait much longer
Clarion Ledger
When the money does come, it will be largely thanks to a law Congress passed nearly three years ago: the RESTORE Act. "It's just (been) a waiting game" for communities, said
Rep. Steven Palazzo , R-Miss., a co-sponsor of the bill, whose district includes coastal communities. "I don't think they can wait much longer."
Palazzo hosts crawfish boil for fellow veterans
WDAM
Congressman Steven Palazzo
invited veterans around Hattiesburg to join him Friday night for a little crawfish and conversation.
A seafood celebration at the Lacy Kelly VFW Post featured mudbugs, shrimp, beans and potato salad.
Congressmen To NASA: Stop Wasting Money On Global Warming Research
The Daily Caller
Republican lawmakers chastised the head of the National Aeronautics and Space Administration Friday, saying the agencys obsession with global warming is undercutting space exploration programs.NASA is at a crossroads, said Mississippi
Rep. Steve Palazzo. Unfortunately, the last six years featured drastic change with the cancellation of Constellation and uncertain direction with the presidents ever-changing asteroid initiative.
FCAHS student wins district art show, trip to Washington, D.C.
WDAM
A Forrest County Agricultural High School student will receive an expense-paid trip to the Nation's Capitol as the 4th District winner in the 2015 Congressional Art Forum. Brooke Lane's drawing of a tiger was named Best in Show and will hang in the U.S. Capitol tunnel for a year along with the works of other high school artists from around the country. It also received the first place blue ribbon for drawing.
RESTORE Act
Last Monday marked five years since the BP Deepwater Horizon oil spill devastated the Gulf Coast.
Our communities have worked tirelessly to recover from the terrible effects of the worst man-made disaster in our nations history.
The full recovery of our Gulf Coast has remained a top priority of mine since the first day I entered Congress. I worked alongside my fellow representatives of the Gulf Coast communities affected by the oil spill to create and see through passage of the RESTORE A ct.
The RESTORE Act ensures that the funds acquired from any settlement are controlled locally and used to fund economic and environmental recovery projects in areas that were directly affected.
The RESTORE Act has paved the way for a full recovery.
Now its time for BP to except full responsibility and reach a settlement so the Gulf Coast can finally be made whole from the damage caused by BP.
Funding for Veterans
Last week in the House Appropriations committee we passed a b ill to fund the Department of Veterans Affairs and Military Construction.
This bill continues to address matters within the VA Hospitals and reinforces the priority of exceptional, timely healthcare options for our veterans.
While the president plays games with the VA budget without addressing the real issues our veterans are facing, our bill makes strong investments in our veterans by putting the veteran and their family first.
This funding will be used to enhance VA medical care and facilities, improve veterans wait-times for care, and strengthen oversight of the taxpayers dollars.
There were also provisions included to further the National Guards efforts to assist in securing our nations borders, a priority of mine since the border crisis developed last year.
South Mississippians in DC
Last week I met with students from Laurel Christian School who were on their 8 th
grade trip to Washington, DC.
I had a great time answering their questions like, is being a Congressman fun?
And of course I participated in a few selfies on the steps of the Capitol. I hope I was able to help make their trip both fun and educational.
I also enjoyed seeing and speaking with the Harris family from Ocean Springs during their Washington, DC visit.
As always, if we can be of any assistance please call or visit my office. For more updates I encourage you to connect with me on
facebook ,
t witter , or by visiting my
website .
In Your Service,
Steven M. Palazzo
NOTE: Please DO NOT respond to this email as this inbox is unattended. To contact my office please
click here
UNSUBSCRIBE
|
PRIVACY POLICY
|
CONTACT US
Click Here Click Here