
If you are having
trouble viewing this message or would like to share it on a social
network, you can
view the
message online .
April 13, 2015
Unsubscribe
Update My
Profile
Website
|
Meet
Rodney
|
11th District
Services
|
Newsroom
|
Contact Rodney
Iran Has Good Reason to
Celebrate
By: Rep. Rodney Frelinghuysen
(NJ-11)
Chairman of the Appropriations Subcommittee on
Defense
I just returned from Jordan,
Kuwait, Iraq, Saudi Arabia and Israel where I participated with Speaker
of the House John Boehner in an official congressional delegation
charged with conducting oversight of efforts to counter the Islamic State
in the Levant (ISIL)and discuss national security issues of mutual
concern with foreign allies and partners.
It just so
happened that our mission coincided with two major events in the
region.
First, the Arab League announced it would form its own
coalition army to battle ISIL and Iranian-backed Houthi rebels in
Yemen.
Second, President Obama announced that we have a political
framework and an understanding with the regime in Teheran regarding the
Islamic Republic of Irans nuclear program.
I would note
that the political framework was unveiled a mere two weeks after the
Supreme Leader in Iran, Ayatollah Khamenei, joined in the shouts of
Death to America! The announcement touched off wild celebrations in
city streets all over Iran. And why shouldnt the Iranians be thrilled
with this outcome? After all, their leaders had apparently succeeded in
achieving serious sanctions relief from the United States and the West
in exchange for a deal that
will not
dismantle any of its
nuclear facilities or infrastructure.
This is a critically
important point. While we have seen and heard differing accounts of the
expected sanctions relief, comments made by senior Iranian negotiators
indicate the most crippling sanctions against Iran's oil sector and
central bank would almost certainly be lifted in the beginning of the
agreement.
Why would we allow Iran to receive a positive
jolt for its staggering economy providing more capital with which to
support their advances in Iraq, Syria, Lebanon and now
Yemen?
The Presidents explanations have been nothing short of bewildering. He
told National Public Radio recently: How, if at all, can you prevent
Iran from using its new wealth over the next several years to support
Bashar al-Assad of Syria, to support Hezbollah, adventures in Yemen
or elsewhere? I mean, there's been no lessening of their support of
Hezbollah or Assad during the course of the last four or five years, at a
time when their economy has been doing terribly.
So, we
should throw up our hands and actually stimulate their economy so they
have even more assets to solidify their place, since 1984, atop the
State Departments list of state sponsors of terrorism?
Not
only will they have more resources to use on their elite Quds Force and
their proxy militias to actually lead the fight in Iraq against ISIL
and to advance their goals in Syria, Yemen and elsewhere, but they
will have more motivation to do so. After all, this agreement seems to
reinforce the lesson that this administration is willing to give away
much in return for nothing in the way of changing behavior. We must
never forget that Iran has had American blood on its hands since
1979.
Which brings me back to the first newsworthy development
the
planned formation of an Arab League army, led by Saudi Arabia and
Egypt, to battle Irans proxies and the depraved terrorists of
ISIL.
For a war-weary nation like the United States, this should be a
positive development: Arab nations are picking up the sword to defend
themselves, rather than relying on America.
I would like
to be able to say that the Obama Administrations informed foreign
policy and firm hand convinced the Arab nations to act. However, my strong
sense from listening to the regions leadership is that they acted
because the Obama Administration was
ignoring their plight
and
their needs. Willful neglect is how former Defense Intelligence
Agency head General Michael Flynn describes the confused policies coming
from the Presidents national security team.
Setting foot
back on U.S. soil, it was more clear to me than ever that defeating ISIL
and stopping the spread of the Irans terrorism will require a clear
comprehensive strategy. Of course, we welcome other nations to the
fight. But it is crystal clear that the United States must
lead.
That is definitely not happening now.
Contact Information
WASHINGTON, D.C.
2306 Rayburn House Office
Building
Washington, DC 20515-3011
(202) 225-5034
NEW
JERSEY
30 Schuyler Place, Second Floor
Morristown, NJ
07960
(973) 984-0711
Update My Profile
-
Unsubscribe
-
Privacy
Policy
