
If you are having trouble viewing this message or would like
to share it on a social network, you can
view the message online .
Home
|
About
|
How Can I
Help?
|
Media
|
Issues
|
The 6th District
Dear
Friends:
This week
was one of the busiest I have ever experienced as a member of the U.S.
House of Representatives.
Last Wednesday, for example, we heard
from Japanese Prime Minister Abe, debated and passed the first of this
years appropriation bills, and the Armed Services Committee, of which
I'm a member, completed work on the fiscal year 2016 National Defense
Authorization Act (NDAA). With all these events taking place the day
became days and we finished our lastcommittee vote at 4:39am, after
starting at 10am the previous day.
The 2016 NDAA includes
many significant features but the one I want to discuss with you today
will transform military retirement for those who will enter the
service after this bill becomes law. Currently service members have an all
or nothing retirement plan under which after 20 years of service
they receive a pension equal to 50% of their base pay. This system was
put into place decades ago and Congress chartered a Military
Compensation and Retirement Modernization Commission two years ago to examine the
retirement system and see what changes are needed to update the
system to make it work in the 21 st
Century and for the
millennials now serving our country.
The NDAA we passed this
week adopts the recommendations of the Commission and the new system
will, I believe, provide a system that is more equitable and more
appropriate for those of the current generation who serve our nation. Most
importantly, the new plan moves away from the all or nothing approach
of the current system and moves to a blended retirement plan which
recognizes and values the service of those who do not serve for twenty or
more years.
The new system will also benefit those who put
their lives on hold to serve 5, 10, or 15 years by providing them with
savings for their retirement.
The new system will have
features of both a contributory plan and a traditional plan. The
contributory portion will provide a matching contribution for each service
member for savings he or she makes of up to 5%. This is effectively a 5%
pay raise for every service member who contributes to his or her
retirement account. In addition if the individual remains in the service for
a full twenty years, he or she will receive a life time pension equal
to 40% of the averageof his or her highest three years of base pay.
In particular this blended approach will prove an added benefit to
those who serve in the enlisted ranks as currently only about half as many
enlisted proportionally stay in the service for twenty years as do
officers.
I am pleased that this amendment passed
through the Armed Services Committee with overwhelming bipartisan
support. The President, however, opposes this plan. Considering the
Presidents rhetoric regarding pay inequity and the difficulties facing the
millennial generation, I find it a bit odd that he opposes these
proposalsto make the military retirement system more equitable made by a
bipartisan commission that carefully studied and thoughtfully reviewed
the evidence before recommending them to
Congress.
I also
think we owe it to all the men and women who have chosen to defend of
this nation, no matter how long, to help them save for their
retirement. Finally, I should note that while current service members may
receive the option to transition to the new plan, no current service member
will be forced to do so. We will not alter the commitments we made to
them at the time they swore to defend our
nation.
The
men and women of our armed services took care of us and we need to take
care of them and by following the recommendations of the commission
we will do just that.
If you care to see the full
commission report you may view it at the web address
below:
http://www.mcrmc.gov/public/docs/report/MCRMC-FinalReport-29JAN15-HI.pdf
Sincerely,
Mike Coffman
U.S.
Representative
If you would like to sign up to receive regular email updates from
Mike, please visit
this
link
$ 18,158,757,703,456
Share on Facebook
Share on
Twitter
Share on LinkedIn
VA Wathcdog Never Finished an Inquiry into
Aurora Hospital
By: Mark Matthews and David
Migoya
The Denver
Post
Published April 30, 2015
From 2010 through 2014, the internal
watchdog at the U.S. Department of Veterans Affairs issued more than 1,500
reports on the sprawling federal agency
each intended to investigate,
improve or fact-check the VA.
But not a single one focused on the
agency's unfinished hospital in Aurora, a $1.73 billion project that has
obliterated its initial $328 million estimate by $1.4 billion and led
one member of Congress to call it the biggest construction failure in VA
history.
The lack of oversight comes in spite of the fact that the VA
Office of Inspector General
which has an annual budget of about $126
million
has two units in Denver that conduct criminal investigations
and do health care inspections.
The absence of an inquiry from the OIG
also follows years of warnings about rising costs. Congress took
notice as far back as 2006, and another federal watchdog, the Government
Accountability Office, sounded the alarm as early as
2009.
And, on at
least two occasions, federal lawmakers asked the OIG to take a look at the
Aurora project and were rebuffed.
According to OIG officials and
letters between Congress and that office, the watchdog group refused to
investigate the construction effort because of a legal battle between the
VA and the project's prime contractor, Kiewit-Turner, that began in
July 2013.
Responding to an August 2013 request for an investigation from
U.S. Rep. Mike Coffman , R-Aurora, a top OIG official
wrote that it would be "inappropriate for the OIG to review this
matter at this time" and that the office's involvement would be
"duplicative."
The OIG took a similar tack after U.S. Sen. Michael Bennet in April
2014 also asked for an investigation. OIG officials began an inquiry
then stopped
because of concerns about interfering in the legal
fight between the VA and Kiewit-Turner that was ongoing in the U.S.
Civilian Board of Contract Appeals.
That the OIG declined to investigate the
Aurora project because of a court battle is not unusual, said two
other inspectors general. But if the OIG had gone forward anyway, that
kind of action would be neither unprecedented nor
prohibited.
And federal
lawmakers said a lack of oversight from the VA inspector general is yet
another reason the cost of the Aurora hospital spiraled out of
control.
"A report from that office could have put the kind of pressure we
needed on the VA to start listening to the rest of the world about the
problems with the project," Bennet said in a statement.
The Colorado
Democrat also said the VA itself was to blame for pursuing a
"winner-take-all legal strategy" in its fight with Kiewit-Turner, as it "caused
longer delays while the overruns increased, costing taxpayers more
money."
With that case settled
against the VA
in December, OIG spokeswoman
Joanne Moffett said the office would take a look.
"We are in the
planning stage of an audit of the Denver construction project," she
wrote.
But
members of Congress said the effort would be too little, too late. The
VA already has admitted it would cost $1.73 billion to build the
hospital, with an additional $340 million to fill it with furniture,
hospital beds and other medical equipment.
Critics say the OIG should have
looked at the project long before the case was settled
either when
Colorado lawmakers made the request in 2013 and 2014 or when other
warnings popped up.
As a member of the House veterans committee,
Coffman
requested an investigation of the Aurora project in 2013
and specifically sought accountability for the problems.
"We request you
identify the officials in the VA who should be held accountable for
the project's many shortfalls," according to the letter from
Coffman
and fellow lawmaker U.S. Rep. Ann Kirkpatrick, D-Ariz. ,
when the project was only $200 million over budget.
The letter to
George Opfer, then the VA inspector general, identified four other specific
requests: side-by-side comparisons of the before-and-after budgets on
the project; a breakdown of change orders that caused the overruns;
payments owed and made to contractor Kiewit-Turner for subcontracts;
and the name and title of any VA official with authority to approve
project decisions.
The committee got none of that.
Instead, it got a letter
from deputy inspector general Richard Griffin, who wrote that any review
would be "viewed by the VA and the contractor as interfering in the
litigation" because each party would be answering to the board as well
as investigators.
Griffin said his office would "monitor" the case and
"if we determine that it is appropriate for the OIG to review issues
associated with this project, we will initiate a review."
Two members of
the Association of Inspectors General said the actions taken by the OIG
were not uncommon.
Stephen Street, president of the group and the
inspector general for Louisiana, said one concern is that an inspector
general could get dragged into the legal proceedings and face the risk
that investigators could have their records subpoenaed, which would force
the office to spend time defending its independence.
Still, Street said
there was no "cookie-cutter approach."
Patrick Blanchard, who serves on
the group's board of directors and as the inspector general of Cook
County, Ill., said pending litigation was a "relevant" factor in
whether an inspector general should pursue a case but that litigation "
would never serve as an absolute bar against it."
"It's a case-by-case
situation," he said.
At least one top VA official wants the OIG to do more.
In a letter sent last week to Congress, VA Deputy Secretary Sloan
Gibson asked permission to route an extra $15 million to the inspector
general to "provide better oversight of VA
operations."
Distressed by
ISIS, Ethiopians in Denver Find Voice in Capitol
Rally
By: Bruce
Finley
The Denver Post
Published April 27, 2015
Ethiopian-Americans led an
anti-Islamic State rally at the Capitol on Monday, a third day of mourning
and protest for tougher U.S. action after the beheading and shooting of
30 Ethiopian migrants in Libya.
But as speakers pointed to how rapidly
the Islamic State is spreading, some in the crowd of 150 wrestled with
limits of military power.
"You can't bomb everybody. It's not a simple
solution," said software developer Ashenafi Admassu, who emigrated in
1997. "In Iraq, there's still war. This isn't something we can win by
war. Local people need to be involved
Libyans."
U.S. Rep. Mike
Coffman , who attended a church vigil Saturday, spoke again at
the rally. It also attracted exiting state government employees, a
Rastafarian and leaders of a pro-Israel group.
"Until we stop terrorism,
we'll all have a chance to be victims," Americans Against Terrorism
activist Neil Dobrow said.
Ethiopian-Americans staged a similar rally in
Washington, D.C.
Horrific videos of the beheadings, circulated on the
Internet, seem to have triggered "an awakening" among Ethiopian-Americans
who, after fleeing Cold War-era persecution as refugees, have focused
on building families and businesses, said Lydia Olaore, a home care
administrator.
"This is like coming into new territory, making a stand,"
she said.
Free for
Kids
Starting March 25, general admission to the
Denver Art
Museum
is
free
to all youth 18 and under
every
day .
100 W 14th Ave Pkwy, Denver, CO
80204
Washington
Office
2443 Rayburn
HOB
Washington, D.C.
20515
Phone: (202) 225-7882
Fax: (202) 226-4623
District Office
Cherry Creek Place IV
3300 S. Parker Road, Suite #305
Aurora, CO 80014
Phone: (720) 748-7514
Fax: (720) 748-7680
Unsubscribe
|
Update My Profile
|
Privacy Policy
gateway mail
end 