
If you are
having trouble viewing this message or would like to share it on a
social network, you can
view the message online .
About
Contact
Services
Media
Center
Legislation
Issues
Resources
May 03, 2015
Friends,
I have good news and I have bad
news.
Personally, I like to hear the good news first because
it gives me something to hold onto as I brace for the bad, so lets
start there.
The good news is every week Ive spent in
Washington, Ive been working with both Democrats and Republicans to find
solutions to our nations problems.
From relieving regulatory
burdens, to cutting wasteful spending and restoring the 40-hour work week
destroyed by Obamacare, Im fighting for policies that move our
country - and our economy -
forward.
But the bad? Despite Congress efforts to reach across the aisle
to focus on your priorities, the president has refused to come to the
table.
Since the beginning of the new year, hes responded
by threatening to veto more than 20 bills
including 17 bills that
passed the House with bipartisan support. Just last week, before two
bipartisan spending bills even made it to the House floor, President Obama
said hed veto them. These bills were so bipartisan and
noncontroversial that they unanimously passed their respective committees. My
colleagues and I overwhelmingly want to get America on a stronger, more
prosperous path, but the president is intent on putting up stop signs.
Despite the presidents obstructionism, well continue to work
on your behalf in Congress.
We want Washington to work just
like you do.
Thats why my
colleagues and I are fighting to restore order and govern responsibly
from a position of opportunity instead of crisis, starting with a
regular appropriations process.
As you know, Congress and the
president must pass laws for the government to spend money. This is
typically done through a process where we vote for a budget that sets
overall spending levels and then pass a series of appropriations bills. In
recent years, Congress and the president have failed to agree on
spending bills, forcing passage of continuing resolutions that maintain
spending levels for all or part of the year. This is reckless governance.
Allowing our bloated government to essentially run on autopilot is no
way to save our tax
dollars.
Last week, we passed two bipartisan appropriations bills
one to invest
in our military infrastructure while prioritizing funding for veteran
care, and one to fund our nations critical energy programs and water
infrastructure.
This historic moment marked the first
time since 1974 that Congress has started the appropriations process
this early.
Not only that, but we passed strong bills that
prioritize spending to invest in critical programs and reduce spending for
lower-priority areas.
While I
appreciate the work of the Appropriations Committee in crafting these
bills,
I believe there is still room for concrete savings.
Our country is facing enormous debt and economic uncertainty and
Washington cant continue to kick the can down the road.
Since
my first days in Congress, I have fought to cut spending and tackle our
debt by rolling back spending to pre-Obama levels.
I
recognize bold conservative ideas like this are needed to get our fiscal
house in order. Thats why I offered an amendment to the Energy and Water
Development funding bill that made an across the board cut of more
than 11%. Simply put, this would cut spending by nearly $2 billion, which
is back to fiscal year 2008
levels.
With over $18 trillion in debt, this is merely a drop in
the bucket and we owe it to our constituents to root out waste and
reduce spending. While Im disappointed this amendment did not pass, I
will continue to fight against Washingtons reckless spending habits to
save our tax dollars and get our economy back on
track.
Until
next week,
Richard
Hudson
Member of Congress (NC-08)
FACEBOOK'S SMALL BUSINESS BOOST
IN CONCORD
I'm
excited to join
Facebook
and the
Cabarrus
Regional Chamber of Commerce
this
Wednesday, May
6,
in Concord for Facebook's Small Business Boost event.
With National Small Business Week kicking off on Monday, this event
will teach small businesses valuable tricks of the trade that will
empower them to build their online presence and more effectively utilize
social networking to increase sales, grow their customer bases and
expand.
If you're
interested in attending, register here:
fbconcord.eventbrite.com .
Concord
Office
325 McGill Ave, NW
Suite 500
Concord, NC 28027
Phone: (704) 7861612
Rockingham
Office
1015 Fayetteville Rd
Rockingham, NC 28379
Phone: (910) 9972070
Washington D.C.
Office
429 Cannon HOB
Washington, DC 20515
Phone: (202)
2253715
Unsubscribe
|
Update My
Profile
|
Privacy Policy
gateway mail end
