
Dear Friend,
Thank you for signing up to receive my email newsletter. These
newsletters will cover a variety of topics, including events happening
in Indiana, legislation being considered in Congress, and my
perspective on current issues. My hope is to keep you updated and
informed on how issues in Washington may impact Hoosiers. I welcome
your feedback.
Thanks for reading,
Dan Coats
_____
Misuse of the Child Tax Credit
This week's Waste of the Week speech on the Senate floor was a timely
one. It's April, which means it's tax month.
It also means Americans have spent hours attempting to navigate a tax
code that is convoluted, inefficient and full of loopholes. Congress
still has not passed comprehensive, pro-growth tax reform. Every year
we wait is another year that the American people inefficiently spend
billions to prepare their ever more complicated tax returns.
On Thursday, I spoke about our tax laws, specifically the refundable
child tax credit. For most taxpayers, the refundable child tax credit
seems pretty straight forward. It qualifies a taxpayer for up to a
$1,000 credit, per child, depending on income level.
According to the Treasury Inspector General for Tax Administration, the
IRS paid out at least $5.9 billion in improper payments of this tax
credit in 2013, or about 25-30 percent of total payments. A major
problem with the child tax credit is that many who receive this benefit
do not legally qualify to do so.
To address this problem, I am supporting legislation that would require
the submission of a valid Social Security number in order to claim the
refundable portion of the child tax credit. Requiring the submission of
a valid Social Security number would not take the credit away from
anyone who deserves it, but it would help to ensure that only those who
truly should benefit from the credit receive the payment. According to
the most recent estimate by the Joint Committee on Taxation, this
simple fix could save taxpayers $20 billion over a ten year period of
time.
To watch this week's Waste of the Week speech, click here
or on the image above.
_____
A Permanent SGR Solution
For years, the flawed Medicare formula for paying doctors, known as the
Sustainable Growth Rate (SGR), has put seniors' access to physicians at
risk and been a recurring problem that Congress has addressed 17 times
since 2002 through a series of temporary "doc fix" patches.
This week, I voted for the Medicare Access and CHIP Reauthorization
Act, bipartisan legislation that would permanently repeal SGR formula
and replace it with a system that pays doctors to encourage quality and
value over quantity. The bill passed the Senate 92 to 8, after passing
the House 392-37 in March. It now heads to President Obama to be signed
into law.
For too long, Hoosier doctors and providers have been at the mercy of
an unpredictable Medicare reimbursement system. While this bill is not
perfect, it provides long-term stability for physicians who serve
Medicare patients, enacts modest Medicare reforms and provides a
two-year reauthorization of the Children's Health Insurance Program
(CHIP). This is an important, bipartisan effort to solve the "doc fix."
Coats in the News
Small firms sing to Congress tax-day blues
Coats' staff member to visit Putnam County Tuesday
Coats: Tax Reform a Necessity for Economic Success
Lawmakers hosting Service Academy Day
Coats Congratulates Brigadier General Corey P. Carr on Being Named
Adjutant General of the Indiana National Guard
_____
Stay Connected
_____
Coats with Hoosiers
I enjoyed meeting with Indiana students from the Big Ten delegation.
It was a pleasure to chat with the Indiana Municipal Power Agency.
I had the chance to introduce my long-time frind Mitch Daniels at the
Global Food Security Summit 2015.
_____
To unsubscribe please
Click Here
Contact Me
Latest News
A message
from Senator Dan Coats
Dear
Friend,
Thank you for signing up to receive my email
newsletter. These newsletters will cover a variety of topics,
including
events happening in Indiana, legislation being
considered
in Congress, and my perspective on current issues.
My
hope is to keep you updated and informed on how issues in Washington may impact Hoosiers. I welcome your
feedback.
Thanks for reading,
Dan Coats
Misuse of the Child Tax Credit
This
week&#8217;s Waste of the Week speech on the Senate floor was a timely one. It&#8217;s April, which means
it&#8217;s tax month.
It also means Americans have spent hours attempting to navigate a tax code that is convoluted,
inefficient and full of loopholes. Congress still has not passed comprehensive, pro-growth tax reform.
Every year we wait is another year that the American people inefficiently spend billions to prepare their
ever more complicated tax returns.
On Thursday, I spoke about our tax laws, specifically the refundable child tax credit.
For most taxpayers, the refundable child tax credit seems pretty straight forward. It qualifies a taxpayer
for up to a $1,000 credit, per child, depending on income level.
According to the Treasury Inspector General for Tax Administration, the IRS paid out
at least $5.9 billion in improper payments of this tax credit in 2013, or about 25-30 percent of total
payments. A major problem with the child tax credit is that many who receive this benefit do not legally
qualify to do so.
To address this problem, I am supporting legislation that would require the submission
of a valid Social Security number in order to claim the refundable portion of the child tax credit. Requiring
the submission of a valid Social Security number would not take the credit away from anyone who deserves
it, but it would help to ensure that only those who truly should benefit from the credit receive the
payment. According to the most recent estimate by the Joint Committee on Taxation, this simple fix could
save taxpayers $20 billion over a ten year period of time.
To watch this week's Waste of the Week
speech, click
here
or on the image
above.
A
Permanent SGR Solution
For years, the flawed Medicare formula for paying doctors,
known as the Sustainable Growth Rate (SGR), has put seniors&#8217; access to physicians at risk
and been a recurring problem that Congress has addressed 17 times since 2002 through a series of temporary
"doc fix" patches.
This week, I voted for the Medicare Access and CHIP Reauthorization
Act, bipartisan legislation that would permanently repeal SGR formula and replace it with a system that
pays doctors to encourage quality and value over quantity. The bill passed the Senate 92 to 8, after
passing the House 392-37 in March. It now heads to President Obama to be signed into law.
For too long, Hoosier
doctors and providers have been at the mercy of an unpredictable Medicare reimbursement system. While
this bill is not perfect, it provides long-term stability for physicians who serve Medicare patients,
enacts modest Medicare reforms and provides a two-year reauthorization of the Children&#8217;s Health
Insurance Program (CHIP). This is an important, bipartisan effort to solve the &#8220;doc fix.&#8221;
Coats
in the News
Small
firms sing to Congress tax-day blues
Coats'
staff member to visit Putnam County Tuesday
Coats:
Tax Reform a Necessity for Economic Success
Lawmakers
hosting Service Academy Day
Coats
Congratulates Brigadier General Corey P. Carr on Being Named Adjutant General of the Indiana National
Guard
Stay
Connected
Coats with Hoosiers
I
enjoyed meeting with Indiana students from the Big Ten delegation.
It
was a pleasure to chat with the Indiana Municipal Power Agency.
I
had the chance to introduce my long-time frind Mitch Daniels at the Global Food Security Summit 2015.
To
unsubscribe please
Click
Here
Contact
Me Latest
News
