
If you are having trouble viewing this
message or would like to share it on a social network, you can
view the message online .
CONTACT
ABOUT
SERVICES
NEWS
OFFICE LOCATIONS
Giving the American People a Voice on Any Final
Deal with Iran
On Tuesday, Senator Corker, chairman of the Senate Foreign Relations
Committee, praised
unanimous committee passage
of his bipartisan bill, the Iran Nuclear Agreement
Review Act of 2015, which requires congressional review of any final
agreement with Iran.
Despite
opposition from the White House all along, I am proud of the Senate
Foreign Relations Committees unanimous support of this bill that will
ensure the American people
through their elected representatives
will have a voice on any final deal with Iran, if one is reached,
said Corker.
This bill always has been about allowing
Congress the opportunity to review any final deal to ensure it is
verifiable and enforceable before the president could act to unwind the
sanctions that Congress put in place and which brought Iran to the table. I
am hopeful that the strong, unanimous vote in the committee will
build even more bipartisan support for this legislation in the full Senate
and in the House of Representatives.
Senator Corker discussed the legislation on FOX News
Channels The OReilly Factor after the committee
vote.
Click
here
or on image above to view
video.
Prior to the
committee vote, Senator Corker discussed the legislation on MSNBCs
Morning Joe and commented on the privilege Tennesseans have given him by
allowing him to serve in the United States Senate on their
behalf.
[Tennessee is] a state that
wants to see results. It's very pragmatic,
said
Corker.
I believe the state of Tennessee wants people who are willing to
risk all of their political capital to move our nation ahead, and I'm
privileged to be in a position to hopefully do that
now.
Click
here
or on image above to view
video.
Travels Across the Volunteer
State
Senator Corker
visited nine Volunteer State counties last week to provide an update on
his work on behalf of Tennesseans as well as his perspective on how
to address our nations fiscal challenges and why U.S. leadership is
needed around the world.
April 7, 2015
Senator Corker greets a member of the Kiwanis Club of
Maryville (Blount County).
April 7, 2015
Senator Corker speaks with members of the
Jefferson County Chamber of Commerce.
April 7, 2015
Senator Corker delivers
remarks at an event hosted by the Washington County Chamber of
Commerce.
April 8, 2015
Senator Corker delivers remarks at an event hosted by the Sunrise Rotary
Club in Kingsport (Sullivan
County).
April 9, 2015
Senator Corker mingles
with Tennesseans at a luncheon hosted by the Chattanooga Rotary Club
(Hamilton County).
April 9, 2015
Senator Corker speaks with students, faculty and
staff at The University of the South (Franklin
County).
April 10, 2015
Senator Corker
speaks with business and community leaders at an event hosted by
Forward Sumner Economic Partnership in Gallatin (Sumner
County).
April 10, 2015
Senator
Corker delivers opening remarks at the National Rifle Associations
(NRA) annual leadership forum in Nashville (Davidson
County).
In the News
The Economist (Column): The man
with a plan for Iran:
On April 14th Mr Corker pulled off a rare victory for bipartisan
compromise: a unanimous vote in his committee backing a bill that gives
Congress at least 30 days to review a final accord with Iran, and the
right to approve the lifting of those sanctions on Iran that Congress
originally imposed. The White House stepped back from threats of a
presidential veto How did Mr Corker do it? Strikingly, members of both
parties believe that his motives are pure. Many call him a senator in the
old style, trying to keep party politics out of foreign policy Mr
Corker has shown that a reasonable man can get stuff done, even in an
unreasonable town. Read more
here .
National Journal: Bob
Corkers Old-School Power Move:
At a time when Capitol Hill committees' clout has been sapped
by gridlock and power grabbed by the parties' leadership, Corker's
methodical style has paved the way for one of the biggest congressional
assertions of foreign policy power in years. Read more
here .
Knoxville News Sentinel (Editorial): Sens. Alexander, Corker lead
on Iran, education:
When Republicans took control of the Senate after last year's election,
Tennessee Sens. Bob Corker and Lamar Alexander figured to play more
prominent roles. This week they are fulfilling those expectations. As
chairman of the Foreign Relations Committee, Corker is at the center
over the struggle between the White House and the Senate over the
multi-lateral negotiations about Iran's nuclear future Regardless of the
legislative outcome, Corker and Alexander are providing effective
leadership in a Congress that has been dysfunctional for far too long. Read
more
here .
Knoxville News Sentinel (Column): Corker and
Obama: a face-off over the rightful role of
Congress:
U.S. Sen. Bob Corker doesnt seem to
agree with the Obama administration that Congress should sit in the
corner and mind its own business as the administration pursues a nuclear
deal with Iran Corker is trying to veer President Obama away from his
much-publicized tendency to go it alone, despite his 2008 pledge about
working with Congress Sen. Corker isnt the enemy. The
administration would do well to listen to him. Read more
here .
Chattanooga Times Free Press (Free Press Editorial): Congress must have
Iran deal oversight
Chattanooga Times Free Press (Times Editorial): A nod to
Sen. Corker
Chattanooga Times Free Press: Corker's Iran plan called 'a
balancing act'
VIDEO: Corker Discusses Iran Nuclear Agreement Review Act on Fox
News Channel
VIDEO: Corker Discusses Iran Nuclear Agreement Review Act on
Bloomberg
VIDEO: Corker Discusses Iran Nuclear Agreement Review Act on
CNN
Home
|
Privacy
Policy
|
Unsubscribe
