
Miller Newsletter
March 29, 2015
Washington Update
House Passes Budget for Fiscal Year 2016
Our federal debt now stands at more than $18 trillion, an astonishing figure that adds up to more than $56,000 for every man, woman, and child in the United States.
There is no question that this debt presents a threat to both our economic future and our national security, and we must take concrete steps to begin addressing the debt immediately to achieve a balanced budget.
Last week, the House considered its budget for fiscal year 2016, and I was glad to support this budget, which would save trillions of dollars and balance the budget in less than a decade.
H.Con.Res.27,
Establishing the budget for the United States Government for fiscal year 2016 and setting forth appropriate budgetary levels for fiscal years 2017 through 2025 , which I voted for and which passed the House by a vote of 228-199, would cut $5.5 trillion over the next ten years, balance the budget, provide robust spending to ensure that the government meets its primary responsibilityto provide for the common defenseand make commonsense reforms to put entitlement programs on a sustainable path.
The House-passed budget would help secure a more prosperous future by setting the path for comprehensive tax reform that would lower tax rates and broaden the base through a fairer and simpler tax code.
I have long supported comprehensive tax reform, including commonsense measures such as the Fair Tax, and I look forward to the proposals that will be submitted to achieve this goal.
There is no question that tax reform can help spur economic growth and reduce government spending, and according to the Congressional Budget Office (CBO) raising economic growth by just 0.1 percentage point per year would reduce the deficit by $326 billion over the next decade.
It is no wonder, then, that according to CBO's analysis, the House-passed budget would increase real economic output per person by 1.5 percent, or about $1,000 in 2025, and by 6.5 percent, or about $5,000 in 2040.
The House-passed Budget also prioritizes spending for national defense, ensuring that our servicemembers have the tools necessary to keep our Nation safe and providing the support we have promised to our veterans when they come home.
The indiscriminate cuts instituted by the sequester, which fall heaviest on the defense budget, hamper our ability in a time when we are increasingly faced with the threat of radical Islamic terrorists and rogue states.
The House-passed budget would avoid the sequester, more than making up for the lost savings in other areas of the budget, and prioritize funding for readiness and modernization.
Specifically, the budget would create a Defense Readiness and Modernization Fund, which would provide funding for our warfighting capabilities, training and maintenance associated with combat readiness, modernization of our weapons capabilities, and activities needed to undertake a full audit of the DoD to ensure that defense spending is going to the areas where it needs to go.
In addition, the budget supports the efforts currently underway by the House Committee on Veterans Affairs to hold VA accountable and ensure that they are upholding their promise to care for our Nations veterans.
The budget also addresses the health and retirement security of our Nations citizens by fully repealing Obamacare, and making commonsense reforms to put Medicare and Medicaid on a sustainable path and ensure that these programs are available for both current beneficiaries and future generations.
To begin the process of improving Medicares solvency, the budget ends Obamacares $700 billion raid of the Medicare Trust Fund.
The bill would make no changes to individuals in or near retirement; however, moving forward, it would create the necessary framework to allow future beneficiaries the option to choose between several choices, including the traditional fee-for-service Medicare model and various premium support programs that will enable beneficiaries to choose the plan that best fits their needs and leverage competition in the marketplace to improve care and lower costs.
The budget also seeks to strengthen Social Security by calling on Congress to work on a bipartisan basis to come up with long-term solutions to ensure the fiscal solvency of the program, while also directing the Social Security Board of Directors to submit recommendations to Congress and the President on how to achieve a positive 75-year actuarial balance.
By adopting incremental commonsense reforms now, we can protect and preserve these crucial programs for generations to come.
With the budget now passed, the House can begin the process of considering the 12 annual appropriations bills, which will set the spending levels for the discretionary budget.
I look forward to working with my colleagues to secure a more prosperous future by bringing fiscal responsibility to Washington.
House Passes
H.R. 2, Medicare Access and CHIP Reauthorization Act of 2015
Congress created the Sustainable Growth Rate (SGR) in 1997 as a method to determine the annual updates to the Medicare Physician fee schedule based on annual cumulative spending targets.
Yet, just a few years into its existence, it became clear that SGR was fatally flawed, and, beginning in 2003, the SGR has been patched on 17 separate occasions to prevent cuts that would harm both beneficiaries and providers.
These patches have cost taxpayers approximately $150 billion.
Since coming to Congress, I have consistently heard from constituents asking for a permanent fix, and I have supported numerous pieces of legislation that would provide a permanent solution, including last week, when the House passed H.R. 2, the
Medicare Access and CHIP Reauthorization Act of 2015 .
H.R. 2, the
Medicare Access and CHIP Reauthorization Act of 2015 , which I voted for and which passed the House by a vote of 392-37, would repeal the SGR formula to provide certainty for patients and doctors by providing a 0.5 percent annual increase over the next four years.
The bill replaces SGR with a new streamlined quality inventive program that rewards performance and enables physicians to participate in a way that best fits their practice.
By looking to physician organizations to drive the development of quality measures, in an open and transparent process, the bill will improve quality review.
The bill also empowers beneficiaries by making information on services provided by physicians available on Medicares website in an easily searchable manner.
The bill would also institute a number of additional reform measures based on previously passed bipartisan bills, including making modifications to require bid surety bonds and State licensure for companies submitting bids under the Medicare durable medical equipment, prosthetics, orthotics, and supplies (DMEPOS).
Additionally, the bill would provide additional measures to strengthen Medicares ability to fight fraud, waste, and abuse by prohibiting Social Security numbers on Medicare cards, reducing wrongful or improper Medicare payments, removing duplicative Medicare Secondary Payer reporting requirements, and eliminating civil money penalties for inducements to physicians to limit services that are not medically necessary.
SGR is a budget gimmick that doesnt work, leaves patients and doctors in a perpetual state of limbo, and makes it impossible to see an accurate representation of future Medicare spending.
By working with stakeholders to improve quality assessment tools, empowering beneficiaries to increase choice and instituting commonsense reforms, H.R. 2 will provide long-term certainty and strengthen Medicare.
President of the Islamic Republic of Afghanistan, Ashraf Ghani, Addresses Joint Meeting of Congress
Our Nation, and the world, forever changed on September 11, 2001.
Specifically, our relationship with Afghanistan became intertwined in a long war that would test the resolve of both the American and Afghan people.
Oftentimes, throughout the last 13 years, we as a Nation have had our serious concerns about the progress there, especially in light of so many sacrifices made.
Under former President Hamid Karzai, many questions circulated around allegations of corruption, lack of transparency, rule of law, and an apparent unwillingness to work with the United States as we attempted to secure freedom for the Afghan people.
I was encouraged by the Joint Address to Congress given last week by the current President of Afghanistan, Ashraf Ghani.
In his address, he directly thanked our American servicemembers, their families, and the American taxpayer for the significant contributions made for his country in their struggle for freedom and security against Islamic extremism.
While there is still a long road ahead until we see a self-sufficient, free Afghanistan, progress is being made.
The latest NATO report released earlier this month shows that life expectancy in Afghanistan in 2001 was 43 years of age, whereas today, it is 64.
In 2001, less than 900,000 students were enrolled in school--none of them girls.
Today more than 8 million students are enrolled, with girls comprising approximately 36 percent.
Seventy-seven percent of Afghans express confidence in their new government, more than 80 percent state that their government has more influence in their towns than insurgents, and 87 percent express confidence in the Afghan National Army.
Truly, it is apparent there are remarkable, sustainable gains that have been made since 2001.
The sacrifices made by our American military families and our Nation writ large have provided the necessary security to enable these advancements towards independence and freedom for the Afghan people. Additionally, Afghanistan is strategically located in a region of the world wrought with Islamic extremism, and a free Afghanistan remains critical to our national security.
With 77 percent of the Afghan people wanting the Coalition to remain in the current train, advise, and assist mission, I will work with my colleagues and the Government of Afghanistan to ensure these critical gains made possible by our brave men and women in uniform are not lost.
Under the leadership of President Ghani, who has already made great advances in combating corruption, augmenting rule of law, and increasing transparency for his people, such a free Afghanistan can certainly come to fruition. President Ghani stated that tragedy entwined our two nations in 2001, but working together, we can ensure a greater beacon of hope for a people desiring freedom from the rule of Islamic extremism.
Meeting with Brigadier General Roger Cloutier Jr., Army Director of Force Management
I visited with Brigadier General Roger Cloutier, Jr., Army Director of Force Management and constituent of the First Congressional District of Florida.
During our meeting, we discussed current and upcoming fiscal challenges as they relate to our force readiness and manning requirements, as well as the additional devastating impacts that sequestration will have on our already under-funded military.
I appreciate General Cloutier for stopping by and for his continued service to our great Nation.
Congressman Miller meeting with Brigadier General Roger Cloutier Jr., Army Director of Force Management
Meeting with Ambassador Abdulla bin Mohamed AlKhalifa
Last week, I met with Ambassador Abdulla bin Mohamed AlKhalifa of the Kingdom of Bahrain.
Our two countries have a longstanding relationship, and Bahrain is a major non-NATO military ally of the United States, hosting the U.S. Navy Fifth Fleet.
Ambassador AlKhalifa and I discussed the importance of Congress taking action as part of this years trade agenda to extend a key provision of the U.S.-Bahrain Free Trade Agreement (FTA), which benefits both the United States and Bahrain.
Under the U.S.-Bahrain Free Trade Agreement, passed by Congress in 2005, all bilateral trade in consumer and industrial goods is duty free, and raw materials from Bahrains textile industry are used to manufacture products throughout the United States, including in Northwest Florida.
Since this free trade agreement was signed, the United States has run a sustained trade surplus, averaging nearly $300 million annually; however, a key provision of the agreement is set to expire, and that is why I have introduced legislation with my colleague Gwen Graham from Floridas 2nd Congressional District to extend the duty-free treatment of cotton and man-made fiber, and fabric, apparel imported into the United States from Bahrain under the United States-Bahrain Free Trade Agreement.
This legislation would extend this specific provision for an additional ten years, and I believe that extending the program will strengthen the ties between the United States and Bahrain.
Congressman Miller meeting with Ambassador Abdulla bin Mohamed AlKhalifa
Veterans Corner
70th Anniversary of Iwo Jima
Defended by approximately 23,000 well-equipped and well-fortified Japanese forces was a tiny Pacific island near the coast of Japan in February 1945. Four years into World War II, the American leadership knew this small speck of land was essential, as it would provide a base from which bombing campaigns and resupply could occur on the Allied march towards total surrender by the Empire of Japan. In arguably one of the bloodiest campaigns in American history, three United States Marine divisions engaged the Japanese forces who fought from a vast network of underground installations from February 19, 1945 through March 26, 1945. Before the battle was over, 17,400 Americans would be wounded and another 5,900 would lie dead upon the altar of freedom.
Last week we remembered those brave souls who defeated the fiercest of enemies, and we remember all of those we have lost since. While words fall short to express the gratitude of a grateful Nation, all we can hope for is to carry on the torch of freedom fought for so devotedly by the certain few who stormed the beaches of Iwo Jima in route towards the end of World War II.
VA Construction Chief Glenn Haggstrom Retires with Full Benefits
The Department of Veterans Affairs reported last week its Construction Chief Glenn Haggstrom retired with full benefits.
Though Glenn Haggstrom may have tried to do a good job at VA, he certainly did not succeed. Whats most disappointing about this situation, however, is that Haggstrom left on his own terms
with a lifetime pension
even though any reasonable person would conclude that he should have been fired years ago. VAs entire construction program is a disaster and has been for years. Nearly every major VA hospital construction project is behind schedule and hundreds of millions over budget. In Colorado, a replacement VA hospital is more than $1 billion over budget and isnt even close to completion. Every single member of VAs top leadership is fully aware of the departments construction problems, yet none made any attempt to fire Haggstrom
a fact that speaks volumes about the departments commitment to accountability. To be sure, Haggstrom is not the only VA employee responsible for the departments construction failures. More housecleaning will surely be needed if the department is to ever get its construction affairs in order. If there is anything in current law preventing VA from swiftly holding its employees accountable, the department should say so, because the parade of VA executives who retire or resign in lieu of any form of accountability is nothing short of insulting to veterans and taxpayers.
VA Addresses Veterans Choice Program's 40-mile rule
Last week, the Department of Veterans Affairs announced that it will change the Veterans Choice Program's 40-mile rule to better reflect the actual distance between a veteran's home to a VA facility.
Prior to the announcement, distance was measured "as the crow flies."
This is a welcome, commonsense change, which ideally would have occurred before VA attempted to take money away from the choice program, claiming a lack of interest among veterans. It will take more than this change, however, to ensure VA implements the choice program successfully. A recent VFW survey found that VA didnt even offer choice program enrollment to more than 80 percent of eligible veterans who participated in the survey. In passing the
Veterans Access, Choice and Accountability Act , Congress and the President could not have been more clear: veterans shouldnt have to endure interminable waits or drive hundreds of miles just to see a doctor. Veterans deserve more choices when it comes to their health care decisions, and its up to VA to start providing them, just as Congress and the President intended.
House Passes H.R.216, the Department of Veterans Affairs Budget Planning Reform Act of 2015
The House took an important step last week to revise the process by which the Department of Veterans Affairs prepares its annual budget submission in passing H.R.216, the
Department of Veterans Affairs Budget Planning Reform Act of 2015 .
Under H.R. 216, no longer would VA be able to announce ambitious goals, such as ending veteran homelessness or eliminating the disability claims backlog, without the public having insight into the resources and planning needed to meet them.
The bill would increase Congress ability to evaluate VAs future needs and provide added checks and balances to the departments budget process
tools that will be vital in overcoming the trust deficit that currently exists among VA and taxpayers. I applaud my House colleagues for taking this important step toward increasing accountability and transparency at VA, and I urge the Senate to do the same without delay.
House Veterans' Affairs Economic Opportunity Subcommittee Hearing
Last week, the House Veterans' Affairs Subcommittee on Economic Opportunity held a legislative hearing on pending legislation, including my bill, H.R.473, the
I ncreasing the Department of Veterans Affairs Accountability to Veterans Act of 2015 .
H.R.473 would allow the VA Secretary to reduce a senior executive's retirement upon conviction of a crime that influenced their work performance, make changes to the performance review system for senior executive service employees by requiring the secretary to rate senior executives in a tiered system, reinforce the foundations of the original intent of the SES ranks by requiring senior executives to move every five years to a new position and limit the amount of time an SES employee may be placed on paid administrative leave.
Good workers rightfully want to work with other dedicated employees in an environment where they know bad actors will be held accountable.
I believe that giving the Secretary these tools in H.R.473 will only enhance the culture at VA and ultimately improve the care provided to our veterans.
To view my testimony on H.R.473, click on the image below.
To view Chairman Miller's remarks at the March 24 House Veterans' Affairs Economic Opportunity Subcommittee Hearing, click on the image above (start at 1:20:44).
Disabled American Veterans Outstanding House Legislator of the Year Award
As one of the longest lasting veterans service organizations (VSOs), Disabled American Veterans (DAV) has served our Nation's veterans for nearly a century, helping ensure our men and women in uniform who selflessly serve in defense of our country receive the care and benefits they have earned.
Last week, I was humbled to accept DAVs inaugural "Outstanding House Legislator of the Year Award."
This award, which I mainly received for my work on legislation to guarantee that even during future budget stalemates or government shutdowns there is no break in the benefits millions of veterans rely on, represents what can be achieved through Congress' collaborative efforts with VSOs like DAV.
Much of the work we do in Congress to support our Nations heroes would not be possible without the support and counsel of the veterans community.
I look forward to my committee's continued partnership with DAV and thank its more than one million members for their service and unwavering support for our Nation's heroes.
Chairman Miller and House Veterans' Affairs Committee Staff Director Jon Towers being presented the "Outstanding House Legislator of the Year Award" and the "Special Recognition Award" respectively by
Joseph A. Violante, DAV National Legislative Director ; Garry J. Augustine, Executive Director, DAV Washington Headquarters; and
J. Marc Burgess, DAV National Adjutant and CEO (L-R)
In the District
Eglin Air Force Base Congressional Delegation Site Visit
I was honored to host a Congressional Delegation in Northwest Florida on Friday and help showcase the incredible capabilities supported by Eglin Air Force Base, including the F-35 Joint Strike Fighter Program.
The delegation, which included Congressman Mike Turner (R-OH), Congressman John Fleming (R-LA), Congressman Brad Wenstrup (R-OH), Congressman Marc Veasey (D-TX), and Congresswoman Gwen Graham (D-FL),
visited the 53rd Wing, the 58th Fighter Squadron, and received briefings from General David Harris and various other base leadership.
The visit was a success and afforded the members an opportunity to witness first-hand the dedication of great men and women of our Armed Forces stationed in the Florida Panhandle and the civilians who support them and why Northwest Florida is so proud of its military heritage.
Congressman Miller and Congressman Turner working the boom in a KC-135 refueler on flight to Eglin AFB.
In the News
Obamacare 5-Year Anniversary
Following contentious debate and passage by the slimmest of margins on a pure party-line vote, President Obama signed Obamacare into law five years ago last week. Then-Speaker Nancy Pelosi infamously remarked that we would have to pass Obamacare to see what was in it. Now, five years later, the American people have seen what Obamacare bringshigher premiums, a budget busting price tag, limited choice and decreased access to their doctors, and increased government intervention in the health care sectorand that is why a majority of Americans oppose the law.
Among the provisions included in the Houses fiscal year 2016 budget, which the House passed last week, is a full repeal of Obamacare. This repeal of Obamacare also directs the relevant committees with jurisdiction over Obamacare to use the budget reconciliation to address Obamacares tax and spending powers. If both the House and Senate utilize this process to repeal Obamacare, the President will be forced to choose between upholding his unpopular law, or respecting the will of the American people and signing its repeal.
Charges Against Bowe Bergdahl
After nearly 10 months of debate regarding the circumstances leading up to his Taliban captivity, the Army announced last week that Sergeant Bergdahl has been charged with desertion and misbehaving before the enemy. If convicted, he faces the possibility of life in prison. The unlawful nature through which the Obama Administration negotiated his release with the Taliban in exchange for five high level prisoners at Guantanamo Bay, Cuba, has only further complicated the case. As Sergeant Bergdahl faces trial under the Uniform Code of Military Justice, I trust his case will be considered under equal setting as would that of any other service member.
Fox and Friends
To view my interview with Steve Doocy of Fox &amp; Friends on VA construction cost overruns, click on the image below.
To view Chairman Miller's interview with Steve Doocy of Fox &amp; Friends, click on the image above.
NewsRadio1620
To hear my interview with NewsRadio1620's Andrew McKay regarding the 5-year anniversary of Obamacare, taxes on the beach, the F-35, and construction overruns at the VA, click
here .
Miller Media Clips
To read some recent press clips highlighting my work on behalf of Florida's First Congressional District and our Nations veterans and servicemembers, click on the links below:
CNN Shines a Light on Ongoing VA Scandal
VA construction chief retires
VA directors relocation bonus far above average
Lawmakers Outraged That VA Official Of Mangled Project Will Retire With Full Benefits
VA construction exec steps down amid investigation
Senate Votes to Expand Veterans Access to Private Care
Lawmaker Wants to Ban All VA Bonuses Until Troubled Construction Project is Finished
VA Refuses To Support Numerous Bills Requiring Accountability
Better VA Accountability Wont Send Employees Running, Lawmaker Says
Calls mount for release of Phila. VA report
House wants better long-term planning from VA
Judge: Federal courthouse unfit for use
VA construction exec Haggstrom resigns under pressure
Veterans just won a major victory against the broken VA on health care access
VA Concedes 40-Mile Private Health Care Rule is Flawed
VA Accountability Measure Will Attract Talented Senior Execs, Lawmaker Argues
GOP chairman: Officials at VA 'need to be fired'
Congress to conduct oversight hearing in Tomah March 30
VA amending 40-mile rule for non-VA care program
As always, I welcome your comments. To share your thoughts on legislation, votes or issues, please visit http://jeffmiller.house.gov/ to send an e-mail or call any of my offices.
Thanks,
Jeff
Click Here
to view this email in your browser
Click Here
to be removed from this list