
APR
24
News from Senator Ayotte's Office
Dear Friends,
I'm please to report that this week, the Senate finally passed the bipartisan Justice for Victims of Trafficking Act, legislation I cosponsored that would provide law enforcement with the tools they need to crack down on human traffickers while better supporting victims. Our bipartisan legislation will hep ensure that victims of trafficking receive the services they need to rebuild their lives and strengthen law enforcement tools to crack down on traffickers. I'm also pleased that the bill includes an amendment I helped introduce that encourages states to pass laws allowing rape victims to more easily petition for the termination of their attacker's parental rights, enabling mothers to better protect themselves and their children. Scroll down for more info.
On Thursday, the Senate voted to confirm Loretta Lynch, the president's nominee to serve as the next U.S. Attorney General. Attorney General Eric Holder's dismal performance and failure to follow and enforce the law for the past seven years has eroded Americans' confidence in the Department of Justice's ability to ensure that justice is administered fairly and equally. He said he would not step down until his replacement was confirmed, and now it's time for a new leader at the Department.
Ms. Lynch is a well-respected U.S. attorney with a proven record and significant experience handling difficult cases. After meeting with her and reviewing her qualifications, I believe she is clearly qualified and has the necessary experience to serve as Attorney General, and I voted in support of her confirmation. While I continue to have concerns with President Obama's unilateral immigration actions, I have received written assurance from Ms. Lynch that she will respect both the current court injunction barring implementation of the president's November 2014 executive action as well as whatever final decision results from the federal judicial system's review process.
This morning, I enjoyed participating in a special hip hop physics education program at Portsmouth Middle School. See below for a photo and please read on for more news from my office. Have a great weekend!
NH Military Service Academy Day is May 9
Senator Ayotte and Senator Shaheen, both members of the Senate Armed Services Committee, invite New Hampshire students interested in attending any of the country's military service academies to attend New Hampshire Military Service Academy Day on Saturday, May 9 in Concord.
The event will feature representatives from the U.S. Military Academy at West Point, the U.S. Merchant Marine Academy, the U.S. Air Force Academy, the U.S. Naval Academy and the U.S. Coast Guard Academy. They will be available to provide information and answer questions from interested students.
Staff representatives for Senators Shaheen and Ayotte, Congresswoman Annie Kuster and Congressman Frank Guinta will also be available to answer questions about obtaining service academy nominations.
To be considered for appointment to a service academy, applicants must be nominated by a Member of Congress or other authorized nominating source.
New Hampshire Military Service Academy Day
Saturday, May 9, 2015
9:00 AM - 11:30 AM
New Hampshire National Guard Headquarters, Building 1, Concord
Please enter the Headquarters using the entrance on Regional Drive
RSVP by email to RSVP@shaheen.senate.gov or contact Senator Shaheen's office at (603) 647-7500.
Bipartisan Energy Bill that Includes Ayotte Better Buildings Act Headed to President's Desk
The House of Representatives this week passed a bipartisan energy efficiency bill - the Energy Efficiency Improvement Act of 2015 - that includes legislation previously introduced by Senator Ayotte and Senator Michael Bennet (D-CO) to boost the use of energy efficient technology by tenants in commercial buildings. The Bennet-Ayotte Better Buildings Act encourages tenants of commercial buildings to voluntarily implement cost-effective measures that will help reduce energy consumption and ultimately utility costs for businesses. Ayotte is also a cosponsor of the Energy Efficiency Improvement Act, which was introduced by Senators Shaheen and Rob Portman (R-OH). The bill will now be sent to the president to be signed into law.
"I'm pleased the House passed this bipartisan legislation, which includes our Better Buildings Act to boost energy efficiency in commercial buildings," said Ayotte. "This is a commonsense measure that would incentivize commercial tenants to voluntarily implement cost-effective measures to responsibly reduce energy consumption, and I'm hopeful the president will quickly sign this bill into law."
The Better Buildings Act encourages tenants of commercial buildings to implement cost-effective measures that will help reduce energy consumption and ultimately utility costs for businesses. As building owners across the country strive to distinguish their buildings with the voluntary ENERGY STAR label to help attract tenants and satisfy investors, this bill creates a new voluntary "Tenant Star" certification to reward and recognize tenants that design and construct high-performance leased spaces.
Read more.
Trafficking Bill Includes Ayotte Amendment to Protect Rape Victims and Prevent Attackers from Receiving Parental Rights
On Wednesday, the U.S. Senate voted unanimously to adopt a bipartisan amendment introduced by Senator Ayotte and Senator Sherrod Brown (D-OH) that would help rape survivors raise their children in healthy environments. The amendment - modeled after the senators' bipartisan Rape Survivor Child Custody Act - was offered to the Justice for Victims of Trafficking Act and incentivizes states to pass laws allowing women to petition for the termination of their attacker's parental rights if there is clear and convincing evidence that the child was conceived through rape.
"When a child is conceived through rape, the attacker often uses his legal paternal rights to harass and intimidate the mother, creating a dangerous environment for the child," Ayotte said. "I'm pleased the trafficking bill includes our amendment to encourage states to adopt legal standards whereby victims can more easily petition for the termination of their attacker's parental rights, enabling mothers to better protect themselves and their children."
In the United States, thousands of women give birth to children from rape-related pregnancies. Women who give birth to a child conceived through rape can often face intimidation from attackers who pursue parental rights.
This can have traumatic psychological effects on the survivor, making it more difficult for her to recover and properly raise her child. Further, rapists may use the threat of pursuing parental rights as a way to coerce survivors into not prosecuting rape.
Read more.
Ayotte, Klobuchar Lead Women Senators in Urging U.S. to Do More to Protect Syrian Women and Girls
Senator Ayotte and Senator Amy Klobuchar (D-MN) led a bipartisan group of women Senators this week in urging the U.S. and the international community to do more to protect and empower Syrian women and girls, who have been disproportionately impacted by the crisis in Syria. In a letter Tuesday to Secretary of State John Kerry, the senators underscored the dangers that women and girls in Syria continue to face in the midst of violence and an escalating humanitarian crisis, and called for the U.S. to increase support for the participation of women in Syrian civil society.
"We are proud that the United States is the single largest donor of humanitarian aid for those affected by the Syria crisis, with total assistance now more than $3 billion, but we believe the U.S. and the international community can do more to protect Syrian women and girls. It is vital that we work to assist women and girls in their efforts to repair and reform their society. This can be done by strengthening meaningful participation of women and girls in humanitarian response programs, and ultimately, by finding a political solution to the conflict that ensures women have a more active role in a political process and expands the role of local women's civil society groups," the senators wrote.
Read more.
Portsmouth Herald : Long overdue thank you for Vietnam veterans
Long overdue thank you for Vietnam veterans
By Suzanne Laurent,
Portsmouth Herald
April 18, 2015
PORTSMOUTH - Gary Simard served in Vietnam with the New Hampshire National Guard in 1968-69.
"I was so angry and frustrated when I came home," he said. "My wife got me through it. We already had two kids when I left and she was pregnant with our third child."
Simard, first vice president of the New Hampshire Veterans Home in Tilton, was at the third Welcome Home Ceremony honoring Vietnam veterans at Pease Air National Guard Base Saturday afternoon. He said the ceremony made him "feel good."
Simard was one of about 500 veterans, family members and friends who came to hear the words they didn't hear on their return from Vietnam decades ago: "Thank you."
"If you weren't there, you just don't know," said Peter St. James, the master of ceremonies. "I'm not standing here because it's the politically correct thing to do. It's the right thing to do - to thank you for your service and welcome you home."
This was echoed by other speakers during the hour-long event.
...
Ayotte said the veterans "have taught us and future generations what happened when you came home." "It is shameful," she added. "Without security, our country would not have prosperity or freedom."
Read more.
Photos of the Week
Senator Ayotte with Senator Shaheen at Friday's FMA Live! program at Portsmouth Middle School
With students from Waterville Valley Elementary School
Speaking at this week's oil spill forum with representatives from UNH's Coastal Response Research Center and Center for Spills in the Environment, including Dr. Nancy E. Kinner (center)
With students from Epsom Center School
Welcoming students from Londonderry Middle School to the Grant Memorial
With the White Mountain Regional High School Junior ROTC
Warm Regards,
Kelly Ayotte
United States Senator
Email Kelly
Manchester Office
1200 Elm Street, Suite 2
Manchester, NH 03101 Phone:
603-622-7979
Nashua Office
144 Main Street
Nashua, NH 03060 Phone:
603-880-3335
North Country Office 19 Pleasant Street, Suite 13B
Berlin, NH 03570 Phone:
603-752-7702 Fax:
603-752-7704
Portsmouth Office
14 Manchester Square, Ste 140
Portsmouth, NH 03801 Phone:
603-436-7161
Washington, DC
144 Russell Senate Office Building
Washington, DC 20510
Phone:
202-224-3324
Email Kelly
|
ayotte.senate.gov
|
Unsubscribe
