DOCTYPE html PUBLIC '-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.0 Transitional//EN' 'http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml1/DTD/xhtml1-transitional.dtd'
Congressional Report
APRIL 15, 2015
SERVING THE 34TH DISTRICT OF TEXAS
Share
Dear Friends,
Heres an update on what has been going on in the 34th District of Texas.
Tristan Salinas Advances to National Spelling Bee
Tristan Salinas smiles after learning he won the RGV Regional Spelling Bee
Congratulations to Tristan Salinas, a seventh grader at W.B. Green Junior High in La Feria, Texas, for winning the Rio Grande Valley Regional Spelling Bee.
Tristan, after hours of preparation studying, over a thousand flash cards, out performed over 50 competitors ranging from 3rd to 8th grade. Tristan will now represent the Rio Grande Valley at the Scripps National Spelling Bee in Washington, D.C.
I would like to thank the Valley Morning Star, The McAllen Monitor, and The Brownsville Herald for hosting the Rio Grande Valley Spelling Bee. I also extend my personal congratulations to Tristan. Tristan, youre another example of why the future of South Texas is bright. I wish him good luck as he participates in the National Spelling Bee to be held May 24-29, 2015, in Washington, D.C.
Photo Credit: Delcia Lopez, Staff Photographer, Valley Morning Star
Appointment as a Senior Whip
I was recently appointed to serve as a Senior Whip for the 114th Congress by Democratic Whip Steny Hoyer - the 2nd highest-ranking Democrat in the U.S. House of Representatives. Senior Whips are charged with mobilizing the Democratic vote, acting as liaisons between members and Democratic leadership, and coordinating legislative strategy.
Im honored Whip Hoyer has placed his trust in me to serve as a Senior Democratic Whip. This is an excellent opportunity to be a part of the strategy that will move Congress in a direction that represents the will of the American people and to serve as a more capable advocate for those in the 34th District of Texas.
The Senior Whip team is comprised of leaders from across the Democratic Caucus. They meet once a week, when Congress is in session. During these meetings, Senior Whips have a forward-looking, strategic discussion on the key issues facing our nation. Senior Whips are also responsible for talking to their fellow Democratic members about upcoming legislation that will be considered in the House.
Rio Hondo High School Visit
U.S. Rep. Filemon Vela speaks with Rio Hondo High School students and teachers about the services
and resources available to constituents of the 34th District of Texas.
I thank Rio Hondo High School students and teachers for welcoming me into their classrooms, and allowing me the opportunity to speak with them about my role as their federal representative in the U.S. Congress.
While speaking with the class, I had the opportunity to offer a behind the scenes look into the U.S. House of Representatives, inform students of services provided by the offices, and speak about issues directly affecting the 34th District of Texas.
The students were engaging, and I was happy to see students excited to soon be able to participate in local, state, and federal government.
Thank you again for allowing me to visit.
Library of Congress
Resources Available For Teachers
The Library of Congress offers free public access to millions of primary source materials, such as maps, photographs, documents, films, sound recordings and more. The Teachers Page at
www.loc.gov/teachers
offers tutorials, interactive student activities, webcasts and more than 85 lesson plans on topics including history, literature, civics, government, science and mathematics. All of the material is teacher-tested, standards-based, and draws from the Librarys extensive online collections.
The Library of Congress Educational Outreach Division works with teachers to help them effectively use the Librarys digital primary source material in classrooms. Free professional development modules, which may satisfy continuing education requirements, are available on the Librarys website to advise teachers on how to incorporate Library of Congress primary sources into their instruction. I invite teachers in the 34th District of Texas to take advantage of these resources and use the Library of Congress as a teaching tool.
If you want to learn more, please visit the Library of Congress Teachers page or e-mail the Library of Congress at the link:
Educational Outreach Division.
community healthcare representatives visit washington, D.C.
Elena Marin, M.D., of Su Clinica, and Paula Gomez and Eddie Garcia of Brownsville Community Health
Center present U.S. Rep. Filemon Vela an award for his advocacy of community healthcare centers.
Recently, I had the privilege of welcoming representatives from community health centers that serve South Texas. Elena Marin, M.D., from Su Clinca; and Paula Gomez and Eddie Garcia from the Brownsville Community Health Center, were in Washington, D.C., to discuss the importance of community health centers and the critical services they provide to constituents.
Community-based healthcare clinics connect working families with affordable preventative healthcare and treatment for chronic conditions. Continued federal funding will allow these health centers to provide high quality healthcare to thousands of South Texans.
The highlight of the meeting was receiving an award from the community health centers for my continued support of their mission, and for advocating to ensure all South Texans have access to quality healthcare in the Rio Grande Valley.
I thank Su Clinica and the Brownsville Community Health Center for their continued support and for all they do to keep us and our families healthy.
City of Donna leadership visits washington, D.C.
Recently, the
City of Donna , Texas Mayor Irene Munoz, Donna City Manager Fernando Flores, and Rio Bravo Bridge Director Jessie Garcia visited our Washington, D.C., office to meet with the Department of State, U.S. Economic Development Administration, and the National Parks Service to discuss concerns directly related to the residents of Donna and the 34th District of Texas.
Collaboration between local and federal governments
such as the teamwork required to secure federal funds for our region
is essential to overcoming the many challenges South Texas communities face.
The meetings were productive and all parties walked away with a better understanding of how we can work together to move the City of Donna forward. I thank Mayor Munoz, City Manager Flores, and Rio Bravo Bridge Director Garcia for making the trip to Washington, D.C., and I look forward to working with the City of Donna to better the quality of life for their citizens and those in South Texas.
New Office opens in Weslaco
An outside view of the new office in Weslaco, Texas.
As part of my commitment to being accessible to those I represent in the 34th District of Texas, I have opened a new office in Weslaco. The office is staffed with dedicated public servants from Hidalgo County. Staff members there, and throughout the Congressional District, stand ready to assist constituents needing help with a federal agency or department.
To learn how the office can be of assistance, please visit our website:
vela.house.gov .
The office is located at 500 South Kansas Ave., Weslaco, Texas 78596. Staff can be reached, between 8:30 a.m. and 5 p.m. Monday through Friday, at (956) 520-8273.
Closing Message
Thank you for taking time to catch up on whats happening in the 34th District of Texas. Please forward this e-newsletter to teachers and parents you think would like to know about resources available for children in our South Texas communities through the Library of Congress. Be sure to visit the Facebook page and wish Tristan good luck at the Scripps National Spelling Bee in Washington, D.C., by clicking
here.
Sincerely,
Congressman Filemon Vela
Member of Congress
U.S. Rep. Vela in the News
U.S. Rep. Filemon Vela speaks with a
reporter about TX-34 issues
Click to see recent news reports
Social Media
To keep up with news and developments from the 34th District of Texas and Capitol Hill, follow Congressman Vela online.
Focus on the District
34th District
Help with a Federal Agency
Request a Flag
Tour Requests
TEXAS OFFICES
WASHINGTON DC OFFICE
Alice Office
500 East Main
Alice, TX 78332
Phone: (956) 544-8352
Brownsville Office
333 Ebony Avenue
Brownsville, TX 78520
Phone: (956) 544-8352
San Benito Office
1390 W. Expressway 83
San Benito, TX 78586
Phone: (956) 544-8352
Weslaco Office
509 South Kansas Ave.
Weslaco, TX 78596
Phone: (956) 520-8277
437 Canon HOB
Washington, DC 20515
phone: 202-225-9901
Unsubscribe
-
Privacy Policy
Click Here Click Here