DOCTYPE html PUBLIC '-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.0 Transitional//EN' 'http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml1/DTD/xhtml1-transitional.dtd'
Bob Latta's Family Values Watch
MARCH 2015
REPRESENTING OHIO'S 5TH DISTRICT
Share
Congressman Latta's monthly newsletter tracking life and family news from the Nations Capital
[if gte mso 9]>
Normal
0
false
false
false
EN-US
JA
X-NONE
<![endif]
STOP FUNDING ABORTION WITH TAXPAYER DOLLARS
Every year, Members of Congress on the Appropriations Committee develop legislative proposals detailing the expenditures of our federal government for the upcoming fiscal year.
As work on this legislation gets underway, I have signed onto letters to the Appropriations Committee advocating for the protection of conscience rights for all Americans during this process, including the prohibition of taxpayer dollars to fund the implementation of policies that facilitate abortion.
I joined a letter to Subcommittee on Labor, Health and Human Services Chairman Tom Cole (R-OK) requesting that the Subcommittee include full conscience protections in its FY2016 appropriations proposal by incorporating the full text of H.R. 940, the Health Care Conscience Rights Act.
H.R. 940 would not only protect the conscience and religious rights of those who object to the HHS mandate, but it also would ensure that recipients of state, local, or federal government funds do not discriminate against any health care entity or worker for abiding by his or her conscience when refusing to engage in abortion-related services.
I also joined a second letter to Chairman Cole (R-OK) requesting that the Subcommittee end taxpayer subsidies to Planned Parenthood, as well as its affiliates, in FY2016 because there are other organizations that provide comprehensive health care, respect all life, and are better equipped to serve those in need.
The letter notes that from 2013-2014, 94% of Planned Parenthoods pregnancy outcomes resulted in abortion, while the number of prenatal and adoption services remained extremely low.
A third letter was sent to State, Foreign Relations and Related Programs Appropriations Subcommittee Chairwoman Kay Granger (R-TX) and addresses federal funding that may be used for abortions abroad.
This letter requests the elimination of funding for the United Nations Population Fund, due to its connection with Chinas birth limitation policy.
It also requests the reinstatement of the Mexico City Policy, which creates a separation between abortion and family planning by only funding foreign nongovernmental organizations that do not promote or perform elective abortion.
In addition, we ask that should funds for family planning/reproductive health be allocated, that the aggregate number be established as a funding ceiling, rather than a floor as has been the case in prior enacted State, Foreign Operations bills.
Lastly, I joined a letter to Chairman Ander Crenshaw (R-FL) of the Subcommittee on Financial Services and General Government that requests language in the FY2016 appropriations that would prohibit funds to implement or carry out any rule or regulation associated with the District of Columbias pending Reproductive Health Non-Discrimination Amendment Act (RHNDAA) and the Human Rights Amendment Act (HRAA).
Section 3 of RHNDAA would require DC-based employers to cover elective abortions in any employer-offered health insurance plan.
The HRAA would eliminate current federal protections for institutions from being forced to act contrary to religious beliefs and tenants.
Congress has a responsibility to protect the Constitution and the conscience rights of millions of Americans here in the U.S. and around the world.
I will continue to keep you updated on these requests as the appropriations measures move through the legislative process.
RELIGIOUS PROTECTIONS FOR NAVY CHAPLAINS UNDER FIRE
Recently, a Navy Chaplain came under fire for statements regarding comments that he allegedly made in the context of private counseling sessions, resulting in a command directed investigation.
The investigation process will take time, and much of the information is subject to privacy laws.
However, Navy policy protecting chaplain as they carry out their ministry is clear.
Congress passed conscience protections for servicemembers and chaplains in the National Defense Authorization Act in order to provide concrete protections for the free exercise of religion and the physical manifestations of beliefs.
In addition, Navy policy and training documents make clear that a chaplains role is to provide religious ministry, and that chaplains have the ability to preach and teach consistent with the tenants of their endorsing denominations.
I joined a letter with other Members of Congress to be sent to Secretary Mabus and Admiral Kibben, the Chief of Chaplains, asking what steps the Navy is taking to reinforce the policies and protections in place for servicemembers and chaplains to freely exercise their religiously-informed beliefs.
Military chaplains fill a crucial religious need that exists uniquely in the realm of military service and it is imperative that they remain free to carry out all aspects of their ministry in a manner consistent with the tenants of their faith.
NORTHWEST OHIOS FOUNDATION FOR LIFE HOSTED LEGISLATIVE BRIEFING
Earlier this month, I attended the Greater Toledo Right to Lifes 7 th
Annual Legislative Briefing Breakfast.
Its always a pleasure to advocate for life and meet with those who work tirelessly to defend the lives of unborn children.
At the meeting, I shared my strong support for the pro-life movement and reiterated the need to be vigilant in protecting the sanctity of human life.
Fortunately, recent reports have shown that abortion rates are on the decline and the U.S. rate of abortion has dropped to its lowest since its legalization; however, we would all agree that there is still more work to be done.
That is why I continually support legislation that defends the right to life.
Below is a list of pro-life legislation that I cosponsored so far in the 114 th
Congress:
H.R. 36 , the Pain-Capable Unborn Child Protection Act
(Rep. Trent Franks, R-AZ):
This bill would prohibit an abortion of an unborn child that has surpassed 20 weeks after fertilization
the stage of development at which a child can feel pain.
H.R. 217 , the Title X Abortion Provider Prohibition Act
(Rep. Diane Black, R-TN):
This bill would ensure that Title X family planning grants are used for their intended purpose and are prohibited from being used by organizations that provide funds for abortions or to entities that perform abortions, such as Planned Parenthood.
H.R. 426 , the Sanctity of Human Life Act
(Rep. Jody Hice, R-GA):
This bill would declare that right to life guaranteed by the Constitution is vested in each human and each human life begins with fertilization.
H.R. 492 , the Ultrasound Informed Consent Act
(Rep. Jeff Duncan, R-SC):
This bill would mandate that women seeking an abortion receive an ultrasound and the opportunity to review the ultrasound before giving informed consent to receive an abortion.
H.R. 803 , the Child Interstate Abortion Notification Act
(Rep. Ilena Ros-Lehtinen, R-FL):
This legislation would make it a federal crime to transport a minor across a state line in circumvention of a state law requiring parental involvement in the minors abortion.
H.R. 816 , the Life at Conception Act
(Rep. Alexander Mooney, R-WV):
This bill would declare that the right to life guaranteed by the Constitution is vested in each human being beginning at the moment of fertilization.
H.R. 940 , the Health Care Conscience Rights Act
(Rep. Diane Black, R-TN):
This bill would amend the Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act to protect the religious freedom and conscience rights of Americans seeking health insurance. H.R. 940 would also defend the ability of the greater health care community to provide patient care in accordance with deeply-held, reasoned beliefs.
Congressman Latta with students from St. Johns High School at the Greater Toledo Right to Life 7 th
Annual Legislative Briefing Breakfast
News Releases
April 1:
LattaAnd Walz Introduce H.R. 1705 To Assist Communities With Wastewater Infrastructure Projects
March 25:
Latta Supports Budget Resolution To Get Nation's Fiscal House In Order
March 24 :
Latta Reintroduces Legislation To Repeal Automatic Pay Adjustment For Members Of Congress
Social Media
Follow Congressman Latta online! He regularly updates his profiles with the latest news and developments from around Ohio and Capitol Hill.
OHIO OFFICES
WASHINGTON DC OFFICE
BOWLING GREEN OFFICE
1045 North Main St, Ste 6
Bowling Green, OH 43402
T (419) 354-8700
DEFIANCE OFFICE
101 Clinton St, Ste 1200
Defiance, OH 43512
T (419) 782-1996
FINDLAY OFFICE
318 Dorney Plaza, Room 302
Findlay, OH 45840
T (419) 422-7791
2448 Rayburn HOB
Washington, DC 20515
Main: 202-225-6405
Unsubscribe
-
Privacy Policy
Click Here Click Here