
If you are
having trouble viewing this message or would like to share it on a social
network, you can
view the
message online .
April 24, 2015
"to elevate the condition of men--to lift artificial weights
from all shoulders, to clear the paths of laudable pursuit for all, to
afford all an unfettered start and a fair chance, in the race of
life."
--Abraham
Lincoln
Chairman's Note: Will we have the
courage?
If you want to understand the
essential character of the federal government today and appreciate the
scope of the challenges facing policy reformers, look no further than the
recent Supreme Court case of
Horne v. US Department of
Agriculture .
The central question of the case is whether
a 1937 federal crop control program violates the Fifth Amendments
guarantee of just compensation for the taking of private property by
confiscating a portion of a California raisin farmers
harvest.
But regardless of how the nine justices answer this legal
question,
Horne
raises a more fundamental question for the
American people and their representatives in Congress: In the year 2015,
why is the federal government operating an agricultural program that
began in response to the Great Depression?
The
answer is the same reason why the federal government is currently
operating a higher education system that was designed in the 1940s, a
transportation system created in the 1950s, and a health care system devised
in the 1960s.
That is, while most government
programs are conceived by politicians trying to solve a problem, they are
immortalized by bureaucratic inertia and special-interest clients who
have grown comfortable with, or dependent upon, the patronage of the
state.
All too often, this is how government works. But
it doesnt have to be this way.
"That is, while most government programs are
conceived by politicians trying to solve a problem, they are immortalized
by bureaucratic inertia and special-interest clients who have grown
comfortable with, or dependent upon, the patronage of the
state."
Just look at the Export-Import Bank, which
is even older than the USDA crop control program, though it is just as
dysfunctional and unfair.
Having outlived its purpose
decades ago, the Bank has been propped up by the coterie of political and
economic insiders who benefit from its largesse, while tilting the
playing field against everyone else. Ex-Im apologists insist its
operations are critical for supporting U.S. exports
a fiction that can be
maintained only by ignoring the opportunities within our global capital
markets and disregarding those exporters that are not powerful enough,
wealthy enough, or well-connected enough to find themselves in the
Banks good graces.
But this summer that could
change. With the Banks charter set to expire on June 30, Congress has a
real opportunity to retire this New Deal-era holdover. The only question
is, will we have the courage?
"Ensuring the prosperity we deserve"
To watch the full video
CLICK
HERE
Issue In Focus: Ensuring Security by Protecting
Privacy
On June 1, 2015, several key
provisions of the Patriot Act are set to expire, leaving Congress
with little more than a month to decide the fate of some of the most
fundamental
and controversial
elements of our nations intelligence
apparatus.
Simply allowing these provisions to expire
without any alternative in place would be just as imprudent as
indiscriminately reauthorizing them in their current form. The only
responsible course for Congress is to reform the Patriot Act so that it
protects Americans core civil liberties from unconstitutional government
surveillance, while providing the intelligence community with the
authority it needs to defend our national security and carry out its
counterterrorism mission.
One of the expiring provisions
most in need of reform is Section 215, which has, since 2006, been used
to authorize the bulk telephone records program operated by the
National Security Agency (NSA).
Under this program the
NSA has the authority to collect, store, and analyze the telephone
records of every American citizen with a cell phone, including who you
call, when you call them, and for how long. Collectively, this
information is commonly called metadata, and it can contain private details
about somebodys life, especially when aggregated with other information
and analyzed with sophisticated computer programs.
Not only does such bulk collection of Americans private
records infringe on our constitutional safeguards against undue government
intrusion
its also ineffective from a national security
perspective. In their report on the 215 program, the Privacy and Civil Liberties
Oversight Board failed to find a single instance in which the program
made a concrete difference in the outcome of a counterterrorism
investigation.
Eliminating the bulk collection of
telephone records under Section 215 ought to be a central element of the
broader effort to reform the Patriot Act. Because crafting
counterterrorism policies isnt just about striking the right balance between
privacy and security
its about recognizing that, in America, our privacy
is part of our security.
Share on Facebook Share on
Twitter
Washington, D.C. Office
316 Hart
Senate Office Building
Washington,
D.C., 20510
Phone: 202.224.5444
Fax: 202.228.1168
Salt Lake
City
Wallace F. Bennett Federal
Building
125 South State, Suite 4225
Salt
Lake City, UT 84138
Phone:
801.524.5933
Fax: 801.524.5730
St.
George
Office of Senator Michael S. Lee
285 West Tabernacle, Suite 200
St. George, UT
84770
Phone:
435.628.5514
Unsubscribe
|
Update My Profile
|
Privacy Policy
