
Closing the Union Boss Loophole
I introduced my first pieces of legislation in the United States House of Representatives this week to protect workers rights by curbing intimidation practices of labor unions and their leaders. H.R. 1431, the
Freedom from Union Stalking Act , and H.R. 1432, the
Freedom from Union Identity Theft Act , would prohibit preemption of state stalking and identity theft laws in the cases of union officials.
Imagine going to work one morning to discover that your Social Security number and other private information had been exposed for the world to see just because you decided not to join a labor union. For thirty-three workers in North Carolina, this was a
reality . After workers exercised their Right to Work and decided not to join the union, a union official shared a spreadsheet that included the employees personal information, including their Social Security numbers, with other union leaders with instructions to forward to email.
This act of retaliation left these employees exposed to identity theft, credit fraud and other unnecessary threats.
In another office, a woman was the target of harassment and retaliation after she led a successful campaign to eject an unwanted union.
A worker in Connecticut
had her name forged
on several magazine subscription cards leaving her with hundreds of unwanted mail-order subscriptions costing her thousands of dollars and months of trying to resolve the situation with bill collectors and credit bureaus.
For most Americans, these crimes would result in criminal prosecution and penalties, but its a different story for union bosses. Under current law, there is an unacceptable Union Boss Loophole protecting these scare tactics and preventing the successful prosecution of labor officials in identity theft and cyber security crimes. These bills simply ensure that anti-stalking and anti-identity theft laws are not preempted by the National Labor Relations Act so law enforcement and the court system have the ability to protect innocent working families from these appalling crimes. Union bosses are not above the law and their bullying must be explicitly prohibited.
Hardworking Americans should be able to go to work every day without the fear of intimidation or coercion from big union bosses.
Please click
here
to view the full text of H.R. 1431, the
Freedom from Union Stalking Act.
Please click
here
to view the full text of H.R. 1432, the
Freedom from Union Identity Theft Act.
The House Budget
This week, the House Budget Committee released the Fiscal Year 2016 House Republican Budget proposal. It provides real solutions and is a plan to grow our economy, protect Georgias families and create a better America for our children and grandchildren. The budget titled
A Balanced Budget for a Stronger America
cuts $5.5 trillion in spending, higher than any previous House Budget Committee proposal, and balances the budget in less than ten years in contrast to the President whose budget never balances. It also calls for a fairer and simpler tax code, eliminates wasteful programs, provides for a strong national defense and supports the brave men and women who risk their lives for it, strengthens vital programs like Medicare and repeals Obamacare in full.
As a father, husband and small business owner for more than thirty years, I know firsthand the necessity of balancing a budget just like American families do across the country every day. Hardworking taxpayers deserve a budget that enacts true reforms and this budget is the right path to put an end to Washingtons out of control fiscal situation.
Here are some highlights of
A Balanced Budget for a Stronger America
or click
here
to read the full proposal.
Balances the Budget
Balances the budget in less than 10 years without raising taxes, in contrast to the President whose budget never balances
Cuts $5.5 trillion in spending
higher than any previous House Budget Committee proposal
Calls for a fairer, simpler tax code to promote job creation and a healthy economy
Calls on Congress to pass a balanced budget amendment to the Constitution
Repeals Obamacare
Repeals Obamacare in full
including all of its taxes, regulations and mandates
Promotes freedom of choice, affordability, and patient-centered health care solutions
Ensures a Strong National Defense
Provides for a strong national defense through robust funding of troop training, equipment and compensation
Boosts defense spending above the presidents levels while putting in place a plan to responsibly address the current spending caps and the threat of sequester
Secures Our Future
Ends the Obamacare raid on Medicare
Strengthens Medicare by making structural improvements to save the program
Prevents the presidents plan to raid the regular Social Security Trust Fund
Cuts Waste, Corporate Welfare and Improves Accountability
Cuts waste, eliminates redundancies and ends the practice of Washington picking winners and losers in our economy
Calls for reforms to the regulatory system to improve transparency, efficiency, effectiveness and accountability
From Our Nation's Capitol XI
Monday, March 16, 2015:
The weekend leading up to St. Patricks Day in Savannah is always exciting and, although I am unable to be in the BIG parade tomorrow since I will be in Washington, I was able to attend the Tybee Island St. Patricks Day Parade on Saturday.
This annual event has grown into quite a grand event itself and this year even includes the world famous Budweiser Clydesdales for the first time in its history.
As Irish luck would have it, the clouds disappeared just before the start of the parade and the weather was perfect.
Sunday included a trip to Macon where I had the honor of addressing the Academy of Independent Pharmacists at their annual meeting.
Later that evening, Amy and I had the opportunity to attend the Celtic celebration at the majestic St. Johns Cathedral and enjoy some great Irish music.
After arriving back in Washington this afternoon, we have our weekly staff meeting where we catch up on what has happened since we last met and discuss the upcoming events of the week.
Later we have our first votes of the week where we pass two bills sponsored by Rep. Mike Burgess (R-TX), who is one of the many fine doctors we have in Congress, dealing with trauma care centers and programs.
Afterwards I attend the monthly meeting of Southern Members of Congress where we discuss issues relevant to our geographical area.
Tuesday, March 17, 2015:
Although I would much rather be in Savannah today for the world famous St. Patricks Day parade, I do my best to get into the spirit by wearing my green sports coat, which turns out to be a hit at the Capitol.
As people comment on my dress, I take the opportunity to share with them how special our parade in Savannah is and how deep our Irish heritage runs.
After a Republican Conference meeting, I head to a Committee on Oversight and Government Reform (OGR) meeting where we are questioning the Federal Communications Commission Chairman on the agencys process and transparency in light of the recent proposals that could threaten the freedom of the Internet.
Later in the morning I welcome to the office Major General Stephen Fogarty, the commanding officer at Fort Gordon near Augusta, who shares information about the Cyber Center of Excellence at the installation.
I am proud to find out that MG Fogarty was raised in Savannah and is a proud graduate of Benedictine Military School.
Afterwards, I head to the House chamber where I give a speech in honor of Savannah and St. Patricks Day and recognize this years parade General Chairman Kevin Halligan and Grand Marshall Hugh Coleman.
Next, I head back to the office where I meet with Dr. Steve Dorman, President of Georgia College in Milledgeville before another OGR meeting, this time dealing with the fiscal costs of the Presidents illegal executive actions on immigration.
I then head to the House Chamber where we have our first votes of the day and pass H.R. 1191, a bill providing relief to volunteer fire departments unfairly impacted by Obamacare. My next meeting is with Rennae Griffin from Wilmington Island who is in Washington to attend the Tragedy Assistance Program for Survivors (TAPS) Annual Gala in honor of her husband Joe who was killed in Afghanistan on Dec. 24, 2012 while working as a police advisor.
Later I meet with my good friend and former colleague in the Georgia State Senate, Jim Butterworth, who is now Director of the Georgia Emergency Management Agency before meeting with representatives from the Center for Democracy in the Americas about the current situation in Cuba.
Our last votes of the day are next as we pass H.R. 1029 revising the process of selecting members of the Environmental Protection Agencys (EPAs) Science Advisory Board.
Wednesday, March 18, 2015:
I start off the day with a visit from representatives from Kelly Tours in Garden City, who bring many groups to Washington and do a fine job.
My first committee meetings today are with the Education and the Workforce Committee reviewing the Presidents Fiscal Year 2016 budget proposal for the Department of Labor, and the Committee on Homeland Security where we discuss the rapidly emerging use of unmanned aircraft such as drones.
I also have the opportunity to meet with the President and Dean of Morehouse School of Medicine, Dr. Valerie Montgomery-Rice, who I worked with while serving in the Georgia State Senate.
Later, I meet with the Turkic American Federation before heading to the House Chamber to vote in favor of H.R. 1030 prohibiting EPA from implementing regulations unless such action is based on the best available science, specifically identified and made publically available.
Afterwards, I head to the Chairman of Homeland Security, Rep. Mike McCauls (R-TX) office to meet with representatives from the Federal Law Enforcement Training Center (FLETC) in Glynn County, including Director Connie Patrick.
After a meeting with Majority Leader Kevin McCarty (R-CA) in the Capitol, I head back to my office where I meet with Will Griffin, the Ag manager for SNF in Riceboro. SNF manufactures water-soluble polymers and is one of the largest employers in Liberty County.
Thursday, March 19, 2015:
My first meeting today is with OGR as we are reviewing the policies and procedures of Homeland Security as they deal with illegal immigrants. This is a very contentious meeting as we have heard many horror stories of illegal immigrants with criminal records being released back into our country instead of being deported.
Next I meet with Ola Smith, the CEO of McKinney Medical Center in Waycross as well as members of the Atlantic Intracoastal Waterway Association, followed by members of the Southeastern Wood Producers Association.
Later, I meet with leaders from several Georgia charity foundations to learn how Congress can encourage more private philanthropy before heading to the House Chamber to vote in favor of S.J. Res 8. This resolution provides for congressional disapproval of the rule submitted by the National Labor Relations Board relating to representation care procedures.
After our weekly G-12 meeting of the Republican Georgia Congressional members, I head back to my office where I meet with folks from the Curtis V. Cooper center in Savannah including current Chatham County Commissioner Helen Stone and former commissioner Joe Murray Rivers.
Later, I meet with another good friend, Robert Williams from the Blackshear Times before meeting with Red Dentry, an aspiring journalist and fine young man from Jesup now studying at Georgia Southern University.
I then meet with representatives from Temple University College of Pharmacy before heading to the headquarters of the National Community Pharmacy Association to meet with their board of directors.
WEBSITE
|
UNSUBSCRIBE
|
CONTACT
