DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.0 Transitional//EN" "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml1/DTD/xhtml1-transitional.dtd"
Email Newsletter
Recently in Washington
Last week the House passed H.R. 50, the
Unfunded Mandates Information and Transparency Act of 2015 , by a vote of 250-173.
The bill requires more complete information to be associated with federal unfunded mandates to help state, local, and tribal governments better assess the real costs of such mandates. The House also passed H.R. 527, the
Small Business Regulatory Flexibility Improvements Act of 2015 , by a vote of 260-163. This bill reduces the regulation burden on small businesses by requiring government agencies to better analyze the real costs and impacts of their regulations on small businesses.
The House also passed H.R. 596, to repeal Obamacare and require relevant committees to report to the House alternative healthcare solutions. This bill passed 239-186.
Congressman Simpson supported all three bills.
Put it on the Credit Card
By Congressman Mike Simpson
The national debt just isnt cool anymore.
It barely got a passing mention in the State of the Union, rarely is discussed in the halls of Congress, and seems to be nearly forgotten by the Idahoans who contact my office. Ive heard from seven Idahoans this year on debt
compared to the nearly one thousand who have contacted me about immigration in the last few months.
It wasnt long ago that the national debt was the most popular kid at the dance. It was the challenge of our times. Republicans and Democrats convened special committees to tackle it; President Obama dedicated significant portions of his State of the Union and entire speeches to it; powerful interest groups formed to build ideas and find consensus to fix it. It was just 2009, in the midst of the recession, when President Obama convened the bipartisan Fiscal Responsibility Summit to bring the country together and highlight solutions. But we never hear about it anymore. So what changed from 2009 to now?
Is the debt gone?
Not quite. In fact, its the opposite - it has grown by $7.5 trillion, a staggering 70% increase, and it continues to grow at record rates.
How can that be possible? The President has bragged repeatedly that deficits have been cut by more than half, and hes right. His budget released yesterday has a $474 billion deficit, down from the record $1.4 trillion in 2009. But it isnt as rosy as it seems, and the White Houses claim that we have tackled the deficit is misleading at best. Though it is growing slower than before, the debt is greater relative to the size of the economy than at any time since WWII, and it is projected to begin swelling again, to a monstrous 79% of the economy by 2025. In a huge missed opportunity, his budget does nothing to address the structural flaws generating our enormous debt, nor does it make any effort to balance the budget in the long term.
In the last few years, the annual deficit has decreased as a result of a combination of spending reductions instituted by the Republican Congress, and increased revenue from the improving economy. But for all the efforts to reduce spending, Congress continues to ignore the elephant in the room eating up 2/3 of the budget and growing at an unsustainable rate.
Social Security, Medicare and Medicaid continue to grow as our nation gets older and lives longer. They are paid for on a mandatory basis
meaning we have already committed to pay for them no matter how big they get, even if it adds to the debt.
But we cant just cut them. They are contracts made to the American people, and the government must make good on our deal. What we can do is stop paying for them with gimmicks and IOUs. We need to modernize and update our entitlements, and we need to do it now. We also need a reformed tax system to produce the revenue needed to pay for them.
Tax policies that grow the economy will create more revenue than simply jacking up taxes on the wealthy. We need fundamental tax simplification and reform. Lets not pick and choose winners and losers in the tax code to score political points, lets revamp the entire system to benefit the whole economy.
Presidents Bush and Obama oversaw record spending to cover the costs of the wars in the Middle East and in response to the recession. At the same time we had greatly reduced revenue coming in to the government. We put record deficits on our credit card. Now, the wars are over and the economy is recovering, but we have done nothing to pay off the credit card.
At some point, the bank comes after its money.
Simpson to Co-Chair Congressional Dairy Farmer Caucus
Idaho Congressman Mike Simpson will once again be a co-chair of the bipartisan Congressional Dairy Farmer Caucus for the 114th Congress. The 80 member bipartisan caucus provides a forum for members and staff to collaborate on many important issues to the dairy industry.
Idaho dairy producers and their counterparts across the nation face unique challenges, said Simpson. It will be important for the dairy industry to be a part of the conversation as this Congress discusses reforming our tax code and rolling back regulations that burden businesses and farmers.
The Congressional Dairy Caucus is a bipartisan, nationwide group of members that was formed to address the wide range of issues that matter to dairy farmers and their industry partners.
The caucus provides a forum for Members of Congress to work together on issues including Farm Bill policy, trade agreements, regulatory policy, and immigration issues.
The American dairy industry is an integral component of our national and local economies; it is undeniably the foundation of many of the rural communities in Idaho and across the country. Idaho is a large part of the dairy industrys economic output and ranked 3rd in the nation for milk production.
We know how important the dairy industry is to our economy here in Idaho, said Simpson. This caucus provides a valuable opportunity for Idaho dairy farmers to join the discussion on agricultural policies that impact our entire nation.
Simpson Praises Institute of Medicines Report on White Potatoes
Report: white potatoes contribute to useful quantities of potassium and fiber to Americans diets
Idaho Congressman Mike Simpson commended the recent report from the Institute of Medicine (IOM) suggesting that fresh, white potatoes should not be excluded from the Women, Infants, and Children (WIC) nutrition program.
Simpson has raised this concern with the USDA for years and successfully included fresh, white potatoes in the WIC program in the fiscal year 2015 appropriations bill that was signed into law.
Fresh potatoes have been excluded from the WIC program despite their widely known nutritional value, said Simpson. Congress has directed the USDA to allow WIC participants to make wholesome food choices for their young families by including fresh, white potatoes in the program, yet the Administration has failed to follow through. I hope the USDA will listen to the IOM report they requested and once and for all permanently end this ridiculous exclusion.
Simpsons language in the FY2015 Cromnibus only ended the exclusion for one year.
The IOM committee evaluated the 2009 regulation that excluded white potatoes from purchase with the WIC cash value voucher (CVV) and considered whether white potatoes should henceforth be allowed as a WIC-eligible vegetable in the CVV. Summary of the
report is
online , but some key findings are listed below:
-Overall, the nutrient profile of white potatoes is similar to that of other starchy vegetables that are currently permitted for purchase with the CVV. Because white potatoes are so widely consumed, they contribute useful quantities of potassium and fiber to Americans diets.
-The nutrient profile of white potatoes does not support their exclusion from the CVV because their nutrient content is similar to that of other starchy vegetables included in the CVV. Increased consumption of white potatoes could improve potassium intake for both women and children.
-WIC participants intake of all fruit and vegetable subgroups could be improved. Current consumption of starchy vegetables does not meet 2010 DGA recommendations for this food group.
-Overall diet quality for both WIC participants and WIC-eligible non-participants could be improved.
Simpson has advocated for the inclusion of fresh, white potatoes for years by writing letters to USDA Secretary Vilsack, offering amendments and giving speeches to his fellow Congressman on the issue. To view Congressman Simpson defending fresh potatoes in the House Appropriations Committee, visit his
YouTube page.
Committee Schedule
Wednesday
At 9:30 a.m., the House Interior and Environment Subcommittee on Appropriations will hold a hearing with Indian Health Service Acting Director Dr. Yvette Roubideaux.
At 10:30 a.m., Chairman Simpson will host a House Energy and Water Appropriations Subcommittee hearing regarding the Army Corps of Engineers Fiscal Year 2016 budget request.
Thursday
At 10:30 a.m., Chairman Simpson will host a House Energy and Water Appropriations Subcommittee hearing regarding the Bureau of Reclamation Fiscal Year 2016 budget request.
Floor Schedule
MONDAY, FEBRUARY 9TH
On Monday, the House will meet at 1:00 p.m. in pro forma session. No votes are expected.
TUESDAY, FEBRUARY 10TH
On Tuesday, the House will meet at 12:00 p.m. for morning hour and 2:00 p.m. for legislative business. Votes will be postponed until 6:30 p.m.
Legislation Considered Under Suspension of the Rules:
1)
H.R. __
- National Aeronautics and Space Administration Authorization Act of 2015
(Sponsored by Rep. Steven Palazzo / Science, Space, and Technology Committee)
2)
H.R. 719
- TSA Office of Inspection Accountability Act of 2015
(Sponsored by Rep. John Katko / Homeland Security Committee)
3)
H.R. 720
- Gerardo Hernandez Airport Security Act of 2015
(Sponsored by Rep. John Katko / Homeland Security Committee)
4)
H.R. 710
- Essential Transportation Worker Identification Credential Assessment Act
(Sponsored by Rep. Sheila Jackson Lee / Homeland Security Committee)
WEDNESDAY, FEBRUARY 11TH
On Wednesday, the House will meet at 10:00 a.m. for morning hour and 12:00 p.m. for legislative business.
Legislation Considered Under Suspension of the Rules:
1)
H.R. 431
- To award a Congressional Gold Medal to the Foot Soldiers who participated in Bloody Sunday, Turnaround Tuesday, or the final Selma to Montgomery Voting Rights March in March of 1965, which served as a catalyst for the Voting Rights Act of 1965
(Sponsored by Rep. Terri Sewell / Financial Services Committee)
S. 1
- Keystone XL Pipeline Approval Act (Subject to a Rule)
(Sponsored by Sen. John Hoeven / Transportation and Infrastructure Committee / Energy and Commerce Committee)
THURSDAY, FEBRUARY 12TH
On Thursday, the House will meet at 10:00 a.m. for morning hour and 12:00 p.m. for legislative business.
H.R. 644
- Fighting Hunger Incentive Act of 2015, Rules Committee Print (Subject to a Rule)
(Sponsored by Rep. Tom Reed / Ways and Means Committee)
FRIDAY, FEBRUARY 13TH
On Friday, the House will meet at 9:00 a.m. for legislative business. Last votes expected no later than 3:00 p.m.
H.R. 636
- Americas Small Business Tax Relief Act of 2015, Rules Committee Print (Subject to a Rule)
(Sponsored by Rep. Patrick Tiberi / Ways and Means Committee / Budget Committee)
In the News
Panel reverses, says white potatoes OK for WIC recipients
By Mary Clare Jalonick, Associated Press, February 3, 2015
WASHINGTON
Ostracized by health officials for several years, the white potato is back in favor.
The prestigious Institute of Medicine said Tuesday that pregnant women and moms should be allowed to buy white potatoes with subsidies from the government's Women, Infants and Children program. An IOM panel said people aren't getting enough starchy vegetables or potassium and fiber, nutrients that are plentiful in potatoes.
That's a reversal of a 2006 IOM report that recommended against including white potatoes in the WIC program, saying people were eating too many of them. WIC gives needy pregnant women and mothers government-subsidized food vouchers to ensure good nutrition for their families.
What's changed since 2006? The government's dietary guidelines increased the recommendation for starchy vegetables to 3.5 cups per week for children and 5 cups per week for women. Under the newer recommendations, the panel estimates that children are consuming about 64 percent of what is recommended and women are consuming about 56 percent.
"Intakes of all vegetable subgroups should be improved, including those of starchy vegetables," the report says. White potatoes include russet, red, yellow, fingerling, blue, and purple potatoes.
Allowing white potatoes into WIC doesn't mean potatoes and french fries. The WIC program only allows the purchase of vegetables without added sugars, fats or oils. The exact requirements vary state to state, but they can be fresh, frozen or canned, as long as they don't have the added ingredients.
The USDA uses the IOM recommendations to decide what exactly will be allowed in the WIC program.
But they also have taken on political overtones. The new recommendations are a major victory for the potato industry and lawmakers from potato-growing states, who have lobbied for several years to include potatoes in WIC. Those lawmakers successfully added language to a massive year-end spending bill that allowed potatoes in the program for the first time.
The spending bill expires later this year, and Tuesday's IOM recommendation likely means Congress won't have to intervene on the issue going forward.
Officials who fought congressional efforts to intervene appeared to welcome IOM's new advice. When the spending bill adding potatoes to WIC passed in December, Agriculture Secretary Tom Vilsack said lawmakers shouldn't be meddling in science. USDA spokesman Cullen Schwarz said Tuesday that the department thanks the IOM for their analysis and will "continue to ensure that WIC reflects the panel's recommendations."
Douglas Greenaway, president of the National WIC Association, said the report proves that "science should be at the center" of decisions about foods in WIC. He said Congress making decisions on WIC "opens the doors to special interest groups to press for their particular foods to be in the food package."
The potato industry had another major legislative victory in 2011, when Congress voted to thwart the Agriculture Department's recommendation that only two servings a week of potatoes and other starchy vegetables be served in federally subsidized school lunches. The USDA effort was an attempt to limit the proliferation of french fries on school lunch lines.
Nutrition advocates have been concerned that WIC recipients would use potatoes for french fries as well. The panel didn't review how potatoes purchased on WIC were prepared at home, but doctors on the committee pointed out that people often add oils and cheese to other vegetables, besides potatoes.
"We're not sure that potatoes are prepared in the home a whole lot differently from other
vegetables," said Dr. Susan Baker of the Women and Children's Hospital of Buffalo.
Sen. Susan Collins of Maine, a Republican who led the congressional push to add potatoes to WIC, praised the IOM report. She said USDA should weigh in on how potatoes are prepared.
"Instead of prohibiting the purchase of the fresh potato, USDA should encourage its healthy preparation," Collins said.
A new version of the dietary guidelines is due later this year. The IOM said its recommendation should be re-evaluated if the current guidelines for starchy vegetables change.
WIC provides grants to states to provide food vouchers to low-income pregnant women, women who have recently given birth and infants and children up to age 5 who are found to be at nutritional risk. Only a handful of foods meant to boost nutrition are allowed, such as whole grains, low-fat dairy and fruits and vegetables.
Kathleen Rasmussen, a professor of nutrition at Cornell University, chaired the IOM committee. She says they don't know exactly how the recommendation will affect WIC recipients' buying patterns, but there is some evidence that those consumers like other vegetables just as much as they like potatoes.
"People like potatoes and they buy a lot of potatoes, but when you give them a voucher they don't necessarily buy potatoes with it," she said.
Contact Mike
Issues
Other News
MEDIA CENTER
VIDEO: Institute of Medicine Agrees with Simpson
If you are having trouble reading this message, try viewing the
web version
BIOGRAPHY
|
NEWS CENTER
|
ISSUES
|
SERVICES FOR YOU
|
2ND DISTRICT
|
CONTACT
Click Here Click Here