
If you are
having trouble viewing this message or would like to share it on a social
network, you can
view
the message online .
About
|
Contact
|
My Priorities
|
Services
|
Resources
|
Legislation
|
Media Center
March 05, 2015
Hello!
Spring is on the way and I want to make sure I'm keeping you up-to-date
on what's happening here in the San Fernando Valley and out in
Washington.
Tax time is coming up and you may not
know that if you don't have health insurance this year, you could face a
tax penalty of up to $1,000. I want to make sure you SAVE that money,
so my staff will be available to help explain how you can sign up for
affordable, quality health insurance through Covered California. In
fact, thanks to Covered California, you have until April 30th to sign
up! We'll be hosting a couple more health insurance workshops to help
you learn what you're eligible for, and how to sign up. Be sure to stay
tuned to my website, cardenas.house.gov, and connect with me on
Twitter and
Facebook!
Thanks,
Do you approve of Congressman Crdenas' stand against
the Comcast-Time Warner Cable merger? Yes No I don't really understand the
issue Don't know/Don't
care *By answering this survey, you are subscribing to my
newsletter. If you are having trouble, click here.
HCR WORKSHOPS
I'm proud of
the work my staff has done in the San Fernando Valley, helping more
than 1,000 families sign up for quality, affordable health
insurance.
However, many of you may not realize that if you don't have health
insurance this year,
you could face a $1,000 tax
penalty.
I want to help you save
that money, and sign up for affordable, quality health insurance.My
friends at Covered California are right there with me. The deadline to
sign up for health insurance has been extended to April 30th.
Sign up now!
If
you have questions about signing up for health insurance, you can call
my office at 818-781-7407. Also, please follow my
facebook
and
twitter
accounts, where I'll be
announcing another set of signup workshops in the
Valley!
Do you know a young artist who would like
to see their artwork hanging in the United States Capitol? The young
woman pictured above, Angaea Gale V. Cuna, is a senior from Sun Valley,
who attends Valley Academy of Arts and Sciences. Angaea was the winner
of the Congressional Art Competition from the San Fernando Valley.
She and her parents got to travel to Washington to see her painting,
Garden State of Mind, hanging in the
Capitol!
Do you know a student who has what it takes to create the
winner this year? Learn more on my website:
http://cardenas.house.gov/services/art-competition
COMCAST - TIME WARNER CABLE
MERGER
In February, I became one of the first members of the
U.S. House to publicly oppose a proposed merger between two huge cable
companies, Comcast and Time Warner Cable. I called on the Department
of Justice and the Federal Communications Commission to block the
merger from occurring.
I have heard from both
sides of this issue, as well as customers from both companies. I've taken
a close look at how this merger would impact customers and
competition. The merger is bad for consumers, will harm competition, will lead to
less diverse content and more expensive cable and internet access and
will eliminate good jobs in
California.
First, customers of both companies have told me horror stories about
dealing with Comcast and Time Warner. Studies consistently show both
companies have some of the worst customer service ratings of any company in
the U.S. I believe this merger would simply be rewarding bad behavior,
while creating a supercompany whose customers would have little
leverage to encourage improvements. I also have a big problem with potential
for Comcast and Time Warner to use the market power of their cable
boxes to make the TV stations they own more powerful, while silencing
their competition. That isn't fair and it's why this country has always
fought monopolies, because it's not what America is
about.
Finally, I am concerned about the millions of entertainment and
production jobs in our region. This merger could result in thousands
of those jobs being lost. For all these reasons, I stand against the
merger.
READ MORE in the L.A. Times...
It was wonderful to have a
chance to return to my Alma Mater,
San Fernando High
School , this past month, to discuss my work in Congress on small
businesses and education with some very important people, the students of
SFHS, who will continue to build our nation and create the innovations
that will power our economy. I hope I was able to answer the questions
they had and perhaps even inspire one or two to open their own small
business in the Valley, just like I
did!
WHAT CAN I DO FOR YOU?
Every day, men
and women from around the Valley come into my office in Panorama City
looking for help dealing with the federal government. We can help you
with immigration and citizenship issues, problems with Social Security
and Medicare, challenges faced by veterans and many other
issues.
This month, we were able to help Darryl, a
former officer in the U.S. Navy. Darryl had filed a claim with the VA
health system. My office was able to talk to staff at the VA to find
out where his claim stood, update the VA records and encourage them to
expedite his claim. Once our inquiry made sure both Darryl and the VA
were on the same page, the VA was able to make their decision faster,
giving Darryl the answers he deserved.
If
you have a problem with any part of the federal government, and you
need help, please call my office at 818-781-7407, weekdays between 8:30
a.m. and 5:30 p.m. My staff will be happy to sit down with you and
discuss your options!
LEARN MORE
ABOUT THE NEWS
Each month, I send this newsletter to
the Valley to make sure you're aware of what's going on in California
and in DC. However, I also offer a news service every other week, to
keep you up to date on stories in the news that I think are important.
If you're interested in signing up to receive those news clippings,
please do so
here !
Here is an example of what you'll
receive:
POST-EXAMINER (Los Angeles) -
Rep.
Tony Cardenas encourages trade in this
hemisphere
LATIN POST (Nationwide) -
"Meatless
Mondays:" Why U.S. Rep. Tony Crdenas Is Urging People to go Meat-less
and How It Can Impact Global Climate Change, Your Health &amp;
Waistline
DAILY NEWS (Los Angeles) -
We must commit to graduating 100,000 Latino engineers in
next 10 years: Tony Crdenas
Share
on Facebook Share on
Twitter
Washington, DC Office
1510
Longworth House Office Building
Washington, DC
20515
Phone: 202-225-6131
Fax: 202-225-0819
hours: M-F
9-5:30pm
District Office
8134 Van Nuys Blvd.
Suite
206
Panorama City, CA 91402
Phone: (818) 781-7407
Fax: (818)
504-0280
Unsubscribe
|
Update My
Profile
|
Privacy Policy
