
Feburary 14, 2015
Dear Friends,
I would like to share this week&rsquo;s edition of Jackie&rsquo;s Reading Picks, a compilation of articles that have piqued my interest over the week. You can find this week&rsquo;s selection and others on my website in the
Jackie&rsquo;s Reading Picks
section.
Happy reading!
All the best,
FBI director acknowledges &lsquo;hard truths&rsquo; about racial bias in policing
By SARI HORWITZ, Washington Post
In an unusually frank and personal speech, FBI Director James B. Comey on Thursday addressed &ldquo;hard truths&rdquo; about policing, acknowledging racial bias among law enforcement officers and lamenting a &ldquo;disconnect&rdquo; between police agencies and communities of color.
&ldquo;We are at a crossroads,&rdquo; Comey said. &ldquo;As a society, we can choose to live our lives every day, raising our families, going to work and hoping someone, somewhere will do something to ease the tension, to smooth over the conflict...Or we can choose instead to have an open and honest discussion about what our relationship is today.&rdquo;
Read more
here .
In the Jaws of Climate Change
by SABRINA SHANKMAN, Washington Monthly
The Arctic ice cap is melting, cutting the polar bears&rsquo; food supply and forcing them into areas where people live and camp. And to a hungry polar bear, a human being is just meat.
On August 17, 2014, Matt Dyer, a forty-nine-year-old legal aid lawyer from Turner, Maine, emerged from the cabin of the fishing vessel the Robert Bradford as it neared the shores of Nachvak Fjord in northern Labrador. The steep peaks of the Torngat Mountains sliced down to the cold water of the fjord below. The last time Dyer had seen the fjord was thirteen months before, when he was loaded onto a helicopter, semiconscious and covered in blood. Nonetheless, when a group of journalists invited him to join them a year later for a week in the Torngats, he accepted immediately. He wanted to experience this beautiful place on different terms, building memories of its awe-inducing splendor rather than of the horror of a polar bear attack.
Read more
here .
A Bug in the System: Why last night&rsquo;s chicken made you sick
By WIL S. HYLTON, New Yorker
Late one night in September of 2013, Rick Schiller awoke in bed with his right leg throbbing. Schiller, who is in his fifties, lives in San Jose, California. He had been feeling ill all week, and, as he reached under the covers, he found his leg hot to the touch. He struggled to sit upright, then turned on a light and pulled back the sheet. &ldquo;My leg was about twice the normal size, maybe even three times,&rdquo; he told me. &ldquo;And it was hard as a rock, and bright purple.&rdquo;
Schiller roused his fianc&eacute;e, who helped him hobble to their car. He dropped into the passenger seat, but he couldn&rsquo;t bend his leg to fit it through the door. &ldquo;So I tell her, &lsquo;Just grab it and shove it in,&rsquo; &rdquo; he recalled. &ldquo;I almost passed out in pain.&rdquo;
At the hospital, five employees helped move Schiller from the car to a consulting room. When a doctor examined his leg, she warned him that it was so swollen there was a chance it might burst. She tried to remove fluid with a needle, but nothing came out. &ldquo;So she goes in with a bigger needle&mdash;nothing comes out,&rdquo; Schiller said. &ldquo;Then she goes in with a huge needle, like the size of a pencil lead&mdash;nothing comes out.&rdquo; When the doctor tugged on the plunger, the syringe filled with a chunky, meatlike substance. &ldquo;And then she gasped,&rdquo; Schiller said.
Read more
here .
A New Level of Refugee Suffering
By ANGELINA JOLIE, NY Times
I HAVE visited Iraq five times since 2007, and I have seen nothing like the suffering I&rsquo;m witnessing now.
I came to visit the camps and informal settlements where displaced Iraqis and Syrian refugees are desperately seeking shelter from the fighting that has convulsed their region.
In almost four years of war, nearly half of Syria&rsquo;s population of 23 million people has been uprooted. Within Iraq itself, more than two million people have fled conflict and the terror unleashed by extremist groups. These refugees and displaced people have witnessed unspeakable brutality. Their children are out of school, they are struggling to survive, and they are surrounded on all sides by violence.
Read more
here .
Neither Herbal Nor Supplements
By JAMES HAMBLIN, The Atlantic
Many pills and capsules sold as herbal "supplements" contain little more than powdered rice and house plants, according to a report released Monday by the office of New York state attorney general Eric Schneiderman. An investigation found that nearly four of five herbal supplements do not contain the ingredients listed on labels, and many supplements&mdash;tested from among leading store-brand products sold at GNC, Target, Walmart, and Walgreens&mdash;contain no plant substance of any kind at all.
Cease-and-desist letters sent to the retailers yesterday demand removal of echinacea, ginseng, St. John&rsquo;s wort, garlic, saw palmetto, and ginkgo biloba
from store shelves. "Contamination, substitution, and falsely labeling herbal products constitute deceptive business practices and, more importantly, present considerable health risks," the attorney general's letters read. The brands named include Finest Nutrition, Spring Valley, Up &amp; Up, and Herbal Plus.
Read more
here .
#Disrupt the Pentagon
By KATE BRANNEN, Foreign Policy Magazine
Here was a time, not that long ago, when the Pentagon&rsquo;s budget for research and development drove technology investment in the United States. No longer. Today, the county&rsquo;s cradle of innovation resides in Silicon Valley, and the Defense Department is struggling to keep up.
Peter Newell learned that truth a few years ago, when he was the director of an Army task force charged with getting new equipment to troops in Iraq and Afghanistan without going through the Pentagon&rsquo;s normal bureaucracy. In 2012, Newell, then an Army colonel, was sitting with a Google executive in Mountain View, California, discussing an energy problem that Newell was desperately trying to solve. &ldquo;We had a great discussion, with great ideas, and
eventually I said to him, &lsquo;How much would it cost you to do X, Y, and Z?&rsquo;&rdquo; Newell said in a recent interview. &ldquo;And the guy laughed.&rdquo; The Google exec drew a little dot on a dry-erase board and then drew a big circle around it. He pointed to the dot, and said to Newell, &ldquo;This is your budget. The big circle? It&rsquo;s mine. I don&rsquo;t want your money. I want your problem.&rdquo;
Read more
here .
Unsubscribe
Washington D.C. Office
2465 Rayburn House Office Building
Washington, DC 20515
Phone: (202) 225-3531
Fax: (202) 226-4183
San Mateo Office
155 Bovet Road, Suite 780
San Mateo, CA 94402
Phone: (650) 342-0300
Fax: (650) 375-8270
