
Join Me For My Antelope Valley Office Open House
Around the District
Fun with the Hispanic Chamber
Since 1997, the Antelope Valley Hispanic Chamber of Commerce has helped the High Deserts Hispanic business owners connect with their community and thrive in the local economy. Last Friday, March 6, they hosted their 18th Annual Anniversary Gala Installation Celebration Eventwhich I was honored to join with Isaac Barcelona as Master of Ceremonies at. Id like to thank the outgoing Board Members for their service to the Antelope Valley and wish the incoming Board success.
Going Nuts in Quartz Hill
Its beginning to look a lot like Spring, which means its time for the Almond Blossom Festival in Quartz Hill. March 8th my wife and I spent the day listening to live music, eating great food, and talking with members of the community at the 65th Annual Almond Blossom Festival and Parade.
Around the Capitol
A Visit from His Excellency
On March 3rd I had the honor of listening to Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu address Congress. He gave an electric and powerful speech that laid out why the United States must not allow Iran to go forward with its nuclear program. Afterward, I sat down in my office with members of the American Israeli Public Affairs Committee, including Rabbi Mark Blazer and other members of Temple Beth Ami near Porter Ranch to talk about the speech and what it means to the 25th Congressional District.
Fight for Flight
The aerospace industry has always been deeply embedded in our District. Many manufacturing plants, contractors, and even an Air Force Base all call the Antelope Valley, Santa Clarita Valley and Simi Valley their home. That is why I jumped at the opportunity to speak to the American Institute of Aeronautics and Astronautics on March 4th. Afterward, I sat down with members of the association to discuss the future of aerospace in California.
Around the Corner
Congressman Knights Antelope Valley District Office Open House
Tuesday, March 10, 5-7pm
1008 West Avenue M-14, Palmdale
For more information call: (661) 441-0320
WISH Education Foundation Presents Starry, Starry Night
Saturday, March 14, 7-9 pm
Golden Valley High School's Auditorium, 27051 Robert C. Lee Parkway, Santa Clarita
For more information visit:
http://www.wishscv.org/
SCV Charity Chili Cook-off
Friday, March 20, 5:30pm
Valencia Hyatt Regency, 24500 Town Center Drive, Valencia
For more information visit:
http://scvcharitychilicookoff.com/
LA County Air Show
Saturday and Sunday, March 21-22
General WM J. Fox Air Field, 4555 West Avenue G, Lancaster
For more information visit:
http://www.lacountyairshow.com/
Take a Bite out of Crime Annual Dinner Gala
Saturday, March 14, 6-10pm
Ronald Reagan Presidential Library, 40 Presidential Drive, Simi Valley
For more information and tickets please call (855) 478-7300
WEBSITE
|
UNSUBSCRIBE
|
CONTACT
Click Here Click Here