
The President Said "No"
Last week, President Obama vetoed S.1, the Keystone XL Approval Act. As you know, this legislation would have lowered energy costs for hardworking Georgians, lessened our dependence on hostile nations exports, and increased jobs. While my colleagues and I in the House voted overwhelmingly to support a giant step towards American energy independence, the President said no. The Presidents refusal to sign this bipartisan legislation is typical of an Administration that places political posturing over progress. Please rest assured that I will do all in my power in order to fight for more jobs and energy independence.
Hice on the Hill
This past week, I had the opportunity to voice my support for H.R. 529, the Education Savings Account Improvement Act. This legislation is extremely important to the 10th District and to the thousands of parents who utilize the popular savings plan for their childrens college education. You may recall that the President initially wanted to tax certain future distributions from 529 plans in his recent budget proposal but withdrew this affront after pressure from conservatives. I was pleased to support H.R. 529 which is a commonsense solution that will help parents bring their students into the modern age. The Education Savings Account Improvement Act importantly allows parents to use their 529 plan to purchase computers for students, a necessary tool for all students hoping to succeed in modern classrooms.
As a member of the Health Subcommittee of the Oversight &amp; Government Reform Committee, I have had the opportunity to participate in several hearings on the implementation of Obamacare. It is truly shocking what we have uncovered about this disastrous law as well as the funding that supports the maintenance of healthcare.gov. To learn more about our efforts, please click
here .
Lastly, last week I voted against the Presidents executive amnesty program. The safety of our nation is always at the forefront of my mind, but ultimately I couldnt support funding for the Department of Homeland Security as it was presented. The President stated over twenty times that he did not have the authority to offer executive amnesty before taking matters into his own hands in an unprecedented power grab. I look forward to seeking solutions in the House in order to secure our nations safety in a manner that upholds the Constitution and satisfies my constituents wishes. My greatest hope is that Senate Democrats will cease their political maneuvering and work the U.S. House in order to secure funding for the Department of Homeland Security.
Georgians in Washington
I remain humbled and proud to serve the 10 th
Congressional District. Last week, I had the opportunity to meet with many wonderful constituents. I met with the Vice Commander of the Georgia Civil Air Patrol, Lt. Col. Knight III, and Squadron Commander, Lt. Col. Crone, in order to discuss the good work they perform for Georgia.
I also had the opportunity to meet with the Georgia Farm Bureau Association where we discussed agricultural priorities for our great State.
Lastly, it was a pleasure to participate in the ribbon cutting celebration in order to commemorate the grand opening of UGAs Delta House. The UGA Delta House will serve as home for dedicated UGA students participating in the Semester in Washington program, and I could not be prouder to have such a phenomenal institution like UGA in my district.
Connecting with the Capitol
In order to best serve my constituents, I hope you will share your thoughts with me on
Facebook
and
Twitter . If you have comments, stories, or pictures you would like to share, I would love to have your feedback.
Newsletter
It is my distinct honor and privilege to serve as the Representative for Georgia's Tenth Congressional District. If you are a constituent, or would like to receive my weekly newsletter, please sign up
here .
WEBSITE
|
UNSUBSCRIBE
|
CONTACT
Click Here Click Here