
Strengthening Our Schools
Dear Friend,
As a parent and lawmaker, I&rsquo;ve become increasingly concerned about reports of sexual assault on and off our college campuses. In December, I met with students at the University of Virginia to listen to their concerns and suggestions on how best to prevent campus sexual assault. Some of the students I met with said they hadn&rsquo;t been taught about sexual assault, consent, and domestic violence before college, and they thought education could be an important tool as we work to prevent these crimes that disproportionately impact young people. We agreed that with the alarming prevalence of sexual assault on college campuses and in communities across the country, secondary schools should play a role in promoting safe relationship behavior. To make this idea a reality, I introduced the Teach Safe Relationships Act
last week to improve health education in public secondary schools by including information on &ldquo;safe relationship behavior,&rdquo; which would focus on preventing sexual assault, domestic violence, and dating violence. To learn more about the
Teach Safe Relationships Act , click
here .
In addition to promoting safe relationship behavior, my top education priorities are expanding high-quality preschools and improving career and technical education (CTE) to make our students both college and career ready.
Last Monday, I joined school administrators at Lewis &amp; Clark Elementary to learn about the success of their Pre-K program as well as the high demand for more preschool classes to serve children who have been wait-listed or turned away because of limited space. I also discussed my new bill, the
Providing Resources Early for Kids [PRE-K] Act , which would provide grants for states to either begin new Pre-K programs or upgrade existing programs. After meeting with administrators I visited two preschool classrooms and read to the students.
You can see a visual story of my visit on my Medium post here .
From my conversations with educators, parents and students across the Commonwealth, I know strengthening education remains a top priority for Virginians. I will continue working across the aisle to improve our schools and I look forward to updating you on my progress along the way.
Sincerely,
Senator Tim Kaine
UNSUBSCRIBE FROM THIS LIST
