
Rep.
John Katko Week in Review
I devoted this past week week to meeting with Central New York constituents, touring local businesses, visiting our hospitals, and engaging in community conversations on issues important to our district.
Visiting Lockheed Martin's Salina Plant
Prioritizing Central New York
Early this week, I outlined my priorities for the 114th Congress, which include engaging in an ongoing discussion on the I-81 rebuild, creating an adolescent mental health task force, initiating a local conversation on the heroin epidemic, and protecting our agriculture community.
I developed these priorities based on input from constituents across the 24th Congressional district.
I am committed to working across party lines to help grow our local economy, create jobs, and improve everyday life for Central New York.
You can read about my priorities in full detail,
here .
A Community Conversation on Agriculture
Through a series of Listening Sessions across the 24th Congressional District, I hope to provide a more informative environment to allow constituents to ask questions and get real answers on some of the top issues facing Central New York.
I held my first Listening Session this week in Cayuga County on Strengthening Agriculture.
We had a great panel of local experts, who facilitated an informative conversation on some of the top agricultural issues facing Cayuga County, including improving Owasco Lakes water quality, the need for accessible fresh produce in our urban centers, and creating a more streamlined process for temporary agricultural workers.
Thanks to Mayor Quill for hosting, and our great panelists, Greg Kirst of USDA, Ben Vitale of the CNY Regional Market, Ray Lockwood of the Farm Bureau and Andrew Fish of 4 Tin Fish Farm for participating!
Initiating a Dialogue on Heroin
At my second Listening Session this week in Dewitt, our panel of experts led an informative discussion on the heroin epidemic.
Our conversation focused on increasing community education and awareness on this important issue, and the need for expanded treatment options and preventative services.
I look forward to bringing these listening sessions to Wayne and Oswego Counties to continue the conversation with constituents across NY-24.
With local community activists, discussing the importance of raising
awareness in CNY.
Check us out on Facebook &amp; Twitter
For regular updates on what I am working on in Washington and at home in Central New York, like my page on Facebook, www.facebook.com/RepJohnKatko , or follow along on Twitter,
@RepJohnKatko .
WEBSITE
|
UNSUBSCRIBE
|
CONTACT
Click Here Click Here