
If you are having trouble
viewing this message or would like to share it on a social network, you
can
view the message
online .
February 10, 2015
Join my February
Tele-townhall
With the Senate becoming a place where, once again, the
voice of the American people can be part of the debate, I want continue
the dialogue we have had over the last few years in my
tele-townhalls.
I look forward to hearing from you, answering your questions,
and making sure your voice is part of the debate to fix our broken
government.
You can sign up for my next event here:
http://www.lee.senate.gov/public/index.cfm/tele-townhall-meetings
Time to Stop Delaying Democracy
The Senate has
been a much busier place these last few weeks than it was under the
previous leadership.
With Republicans in charge of the Senate we
have held more votes on amendments in the first few weeks of the
114 th
Congress than were allowed in the Democrat-led Senate during
all of 2014.
And we have already seen the positive effects of
restoring the American peoples voice in the Senate.
During the
debate to authorize the construction of the Keystone XL pipeline, I
introduced two amendments that were voted on by the Senate.
The
first amendment would
limit frivolous lawsuits filed
under the Endangered Species Act , and the second would
speed up the process for the BLM to approve leasing
permits .
The Senate and the House eventually passed the Keystone XL
pipeline bill, and it is now sitting on the president's desk, waiting
for him to sign it into law or veto it.
For the next major
legislative item, Republicans are trying to keep our promise to the
American people and do what we were sent here to do: keep the government
funded, especially the agencies protecting our homeland security, and
hold the President accountable for his abuses of power.
But
standing in the way are Senate Democrats who refuse to even allow
consideration of the DHS funding bill, so they wont have to declare where they
stand on the Presidents illegal and unconstitutional action on
executive amnesty.
This effort to try and hide from the American
people is embarrassing. Republican leaders in the Senate have repeatedly
signaled that they will give Democrats every opportunity to amend
provisions of the bill that they dont like.
But even this is
rejected, because it would require Democrats to go on record as supporting or
opposing the presidents executive amnesty.
Democrats say
they have an alternative bill and insist that we pass it immediately.
There are two problems with that approach.
First, while
that may have been how the Senate worked under the previous majority
writing bills in back rooms, waiting until the last minute to make them
public, blocking amendments and debate, and ramming the bill through
without any input from the American people
thats not the way the
Senate is
supposed
to work, and its not the way the Senate is
working with Republicans in control.
And second,
appropriations bills arent supposed to start in the Senate.
In fact, the
House has not considered a Senate-originated appropriations bill since
at least 1901 -
the period for which records are readily
available.
And unfortunately for them, the bill the Democrats want
is not supported in the House because its not supported by the
American people.
It is time to stop delaying
democracy ; its time to stop hiding from the American people and
start debating the future of homeland security funding.
Share on
Facebook Share on Twitter
Washington, D.C. Office
316 Hart Senate Office Building
Washington, D.C., 20510
Phone: 202.224.5444
Fax:
202.228.1168
Salt Lake City
Wallace F.
Bennett Federal Building
125 South
State, Suite 4225
Salt Lake City, UT 84138
Phone: 801.524.5933
Fax:
801.524.5730
St. George
Office of Senator Michael S.
Lee
285 West Tabernacle, Suite 200
St. George, UT
84770
Phone: 435.628.5514
Unsubscribe
|
Update My Profile
|
Privacy
Policy
gateway mail end 