
Around the District
Getting Schooled in Simi
On February 20th I had the opportunity to sit in on some classes in Simi Valley to talk with some students about the importance of civics and education. Every time I sit down with students I get excited about the future of this country.
Id like to thank Hillside Middle School, Santa Susana High School for having me, and School Board Member Blough as well as Superintendent Peplinski for arranging the visit.
For the Troops
For the past 3 years, For the Troops has hosted an annual Military Tribute Gala to honor our troops and raise money to provide We Care packages for our warfighters. This year, the Gala was held at the Reagan Library in Simi Valley and honored Vietnam Veterans. My wife Lily and I had the pleasure of attending and were happy to take part in such a laudable cause.
For more information on For the Troops, go to
http://www.forthetroops.org/ .
Technically Correct
I am a huge supporter of implementing technological education programs for schools so that students can participate and compete in the economy of the future. Microsofts Technological Education And Literacy in Schools (TEALS) program does exactly this by placing tech professionals inside participating classrooms who teach students computer skills. On February 18th I sat in on a TEALS class at Canyon High School and was amazed at how much the students were learning. I am excited about the future of this program as well as the students who are participating. I look forward to helping more schools in our communities participate in TEALS in the future.
Around the Capitol
Saving Savings
As a father of two, I know that one of the biggest challenges a family faces is saving enough money to put their kids through college. Fortunately, 529 Savings Plans exist to help parents put money away for the sometimes painful costs that go along with higher education. On February 25th I was proud to vote on the House Floor for HR 529, which will expand and strengthen 529 Savings Plans so that more Americans have the opportunity to send their children to the college institution of their choice.
Having a Ballast
Being on the House Armed Services Committee entails a good amount of work. Not a day goes by that we dont have a long hearing about a contentious issue. However, that also means we get to see and do some very interesting things. For example, on February 23rd, I had the opportunity meet with the crew of the USS Toledo and to take a short cruise to learn about the strategic mission of our submarine fleet. I have the utmost respect for all of our sailors who protect our country and our ideals.
Around the Corner
Santa Clarita Valley EDC Economic Outlook 2015
Thursday, March 5, 2-5pm
24500 Town Center Drive, Valencia, California 91355
For more information call: (661) 288-4400
Simi Valley Police Foundation Annual Take a Bite Out of Crime Dinner
Saturday, March 14, 6-10pm
Ronald Reagan Presidential Library- 40 Presidential Dr., Simi Valley
For more information visit:
http://svpf.org/events.html
Congressman Knights Antelope Valley District Office Open House
Tuesday, March 10, 5-7pm
1008 West Avenue M-14, Palmdale
For more information call: (661) 441-0320
STEM Conference For Girls- Registration Now Open
Saturday, March 14, 8am-3 p.m.
AVUHSD Palmdale Conference Center, 1156 East Ave. S, Palmdale.
For more information call: (661) 722-6400
WEBSITE
|
UNSUBSCRIBE
|
CONTACT
