
If you are
having trouble viewing this message or would like to share it on a
social network, you can
view the message online .
About
Contact
Services
Media Center
Legislation
Issues
Resources
March 08, 2015
Friends,
Last week, Israels Prime
Minister, Benjamin Netanyahu, addressed a joint-session of Congress
to warn about Irans nuclear weapons program.
It was a
privilege to attend this speech with my guest Rabbi Avi Perets of Temple
Emanu-El in Myrtle Beach.
It is no secret that the
international community is dealing with various hostile situations around the
world, which is why Speaker Boehner invited Prime Minister Netanyahu
discuss the threat of a nuclear Iran.
It was disheartening to see
the White House and Democratic Members of Congress politicize such a
critical and dangerous international issue.
In his speech,
Prime Minister Netanyahu urged President Obama and Secretary of State
John Kerry to reconsider their proposed agreement with Iran on its
nuclear program.
In place of the agreement, he advised our
countrys leaders to consider more economic sanctions on Iran.
I hope
President Obama, the Obama Cabinet, and Secretary Kerry heed the Prime
Ministers advice.
I am proud to stand with Israel.
The country remains a pillar of strength in the midst of turmoil, and
while Israel continues to defend itself against growing threats, Prime
Minister Netanyahu must know the United States of America will stand by
his side.
You can watch the entire speech HERE.
http://www.c-span.org/video/?324609-2/israeli-prime-minister-benjamin-netanyahu-address-congress
Budget Priorities
In order for our country to operate on a budget, the Legislative
Branch and Executive Branch must come together and agree on a plan.
Sadly, this has not happened in years, but there are signs that this
year could be different.
Last month, Congress received President
Obama's budget request on time.
While it is far from the budget I
would propose, it is a plan.
Here is a breakdown of how our
countrys budget process is supposed to work:
The House
Budget Committee held multiple meetings last week to discuss our budget,
which we will produce soon.
After we unveil our budget plan, our
colleagues in the House and Senate will review the plan and vote on
it.
If agreed upon, it will lay the foundation for the
appropriations process.
On Wednesday, I joined my friend and House
Budget Committee colleague, Representative Todd Rokita, on the House
Floor to discuss our committee's budget priorities.
We used multiple
charts to highlight our budgetary concerns and paint a realistic
picture of our countrys financial obstacles.
During my speech, I
outlined eight key policy changes that could help get our economy back
on track and make us more competitive.
It is my hope
that these points will be adapted in our budget and result in new
federal policy.
If we can scale back the size of government, cut
through regulations, and operate on a sustainable budget, our country will
thrive.
Here is my colloquy with Representative Rokita, due to
the file size; it is broken into three parts: part
one , part
two , and part
three .
High Court Hears Obamacare
Case
On Wednesday, the Supreme Court heard oral arguments in a
case challenging Obamacare health exchange subsidies.
If the High
Court rules that the Internal Revenue Service (IRS) violated the law
by granting subsidies to federally-run exchanges, this could pave the
way for a better, conservative alternative to Obamacare.
The
National Journal put together a great breakdown of the case and how it
could impact Obamacare.
Should this case tumble the Presidents
health care law, there are multiple conservative alternatives ready to
fill the void.
Just last week, members of the Republican Study
Committee published
THIS opinion
piec e in the National Journal about a potential replacement
plan.
I have reviewed various replacement plans and will support a
plan based on conservative, free market principles that restores the
doctor-patient relationship.
Fighting
Unconstitutional Immigration Executive Actions
Many members of
our community contacted my offices last week to express their
frustration with the way House leadership and Senate leadership handled the
Department of Homeland Security (DHS) funding fiasco.
I share your
frustrations.
Over the past two weeks, GOP leaders
and some of my Republican colleagues united with Democrats to put forth
three Homeland Security funding bills: a three-week funding patch, a
one-week funding patch, and ultimately, funding for the remainder of
fiscal year 2015.
I voted against each of bills because I told
you I would fight tooth and nail, and I will not go back on my word.
Rest assured, I will continue to fight the Presidents executive
amnesty and protect the rights of all American
citizens.
Florence Legislative Breakfast: The State of Small
Business
Friday morning, I had the opportunity to participate
in a panel discussion with state Representative Terry Alexander,
Florence City Councilman Robby Hill and Florence County Councilman Al
Bradley.
The Florence County Chamber held this breakfast to highlight
the current state of small businesses and minority owned
businesses.
We had an informative conversation about the triumphs and
trials that accompany a new business venture.
Here are some
pictures from the event:
As always, it is an honor and privilege to
represent you and your family.
Have a good
week,
If you would like to reply
to this email or contact my office, please do so by visiting the
contact page on my website
here
as this email is not
monitored.
Washington D.C.
Office
223 Cannon House Office
Building
Washington, DC 20515
Phone: (202) 225-9895
Fax: (202)
225-9690
Grand Strand Office
2411 N. Oak
Street
Suite 405
Myrtle Beach, SC 29577
Phone: (843) 445-6459
Fax: (843) 445-6418
Pee Dee
Office
1831 West Evans Street
Suite 300
Florence, SC 29501
Phone: (843) 679-9781
Fax:
(843) 679-9783
Unsubscribe
|
Update My Profile
|
Privacy Policy
