DOCTYPE html
March 1, 2015
Congressman McHenry Weekly Update
Remembering Congressman Cass Ballenger
This past Friday, family and friends gathered in Hickory to
pay their final respects to former Congressman Cass Ballenger .
Regrettably, votes in the House prevented me from attending Congressman Ballenger's funeral.
However on Thursday of this week, I took to the House floor to speak about Congressman Ballenger, his years of dedicated service to the people of Western North Carolina, and my personal memories of him.
Additionally, I asked my Congressional colleagues to join me in a moment of silence in remembrance of Congressman Ballenger.
Please take a brief moment to watch my speech remembering Congressman Ballenger and the House's moment of silence by clicking the image below.
Welcoming a Guest Chaplain from Lincolnton
On Wednesday of this week,
I had the honor of hosting and introducing a guest chaplain
who
delivered the opening prayer that precedes daily sessions of the House of Representatives .
Reverend Randy Cash of Lincolnton delivered Wednesday's opening prayer.
Click the image below to view video and hear Reverend Cash's message.
Following Reverend Cash's opening prayer, I addressed the House chamber to introduce Reverend Cash, who served for 26 years as a Navy Chaplain and currently serves as the National Chaplain for the American Legion.
Video of my introduction of Reverend Cash can be seen by clicking the image below.
Prior to the House session beginning, I had the opportunity to introduce Reverend Cash to House Speaker John Boehner and Father Patrick J. Conroy, the Chaplain of the U.S. House of Representatives.
Serving as a guest chaplain at the United States House of Representatives is a tremendous honor and it was a pleasure to have a 10th District constituent handle this important duty.
Question Federal Reserve Chair Janet Yellen
The Dodd-Frank financial reform law has been described as the Obamacare for the financial services industry.
The significant increase in government regulation of the industry and power vested in the Federal Reserve to conduct this oversight raises significant concerns.
On Wednesday, Federal Reserve Chair Janet Yellen made her annual appearance before the House Financial Services Committee and I used this opportunity to ask her about the Federal Reserve's enhanced power and whether it poses a threat to the Fed's traditional independence.
Click the image below to see complete video of my exchange with Chair Yellen.
For further information on Wednesday's hearing, including full video of the hearing, please visit the website of
the House Financial Services Committee .
What I Have Been Reading
FCC approves tough net neutrality rules amid partisan debate
Los Angeles Times
On Thursday, the Federal Communications Commission approved what I believe to be a misguided and potentially destructive plan to regulate the internet.
I have grave concerns about tasking the federal government that gave us Healthcare.gov with overseeing the internet.
Coupled with the secretive manner in which this plan was introduced, completely free of Congressional oversight, it is clear to me this is a significant mistake by the FCC and one which Congress must examine and revisit.
House passes bill expanding college savings plans
The Hill
Over 12 million American families utilize college savings plans called 529s to save, tax-free, for their children's college education.
They have proven to be successful, allowing families to reduce the tremendous burden college costs pose.
This week, I was proud to support and vote for a bipartisan bill to expand access to these crucial savings accounts.
IRS watchdog probing 'potential criminal activity' in Lerner email mess
Politico
This week brought further news on the IRS conservative targeting scandal as the agency's inspector general revealed there was possible criminal activity involved in the destruction of former agency leader Lois Lerner's emails from the time.
On top of
the news that many conservative groups are still facing tremendous delays
to have their groups approved by the agency, it is clear that the vigorous oversight of the IRS House Republicans have led must continue going forward.
WASHINGTON, D.C. OFFICE
2334 Rayburn HOB
Washington, D.C. 20515
Telephone: 202.225.2576
Fax: 202.225.0316
HICKORY DISTRICT OFFICE
87 4th St. NW, Ste A, PO Box 1830
Hickory, NC 28603
Telephone: 828.327.6100
Toll-Free in NC: 800.477.2576
Fax: 828.327.8311
GASTONIA DISTRICT OFFICE
Suite 115
Gaston Co. Administrative Bldg
128 West Main Avenue
Gastonia, NC 28053
Telephone: 704.833.0096
BLACK MTN. DISTRICT OFFICE
160 Midland Avenue
Black Mountain, NC 28711
Telephone: 828.669.0600
Click Here Click Here