
If you are having
trouble viewing this message or would like to share it on a social
network, you can
view the
message online .
About
Contact
Services
Media Center
Legislation
Issues
Resources
March 01, 2015
Friends,
After the President announced his
executive immigration actions,
I met with many of you and
assured you I would fight executive overreach tooth and
nail.
Within days, I introduced the
OATH
Resolution
which instructs the House of Representatives
to take the Administration to court over these executive
actions.
This was not taken up before the 113 th
Congress, so when
the new Congress commenced, I immediately introduced the OATH
Resolution again.
I supported the plan our GOP leaders put
forth in January to temporarily fund the Department of Homeland
Security (DHS) and defund the Presidents immigration overreach.
While
I questioned this tactic since we did not have the 60 Republican
Senators necessary for cloture, it defunded the Presidents immigration
actions, so I supported it.
When the bill could not pass its first
procedural hurdle in the Senate, our leaders refused to back down and
demanded that Senate Democrats act.
Now that we are in the
11 th
hour and funding expires for the DHS tomorrow, our GOP
leaders decided to capitulate again.
This is incredibly
frustrating.
When we draw a line in the sand, we must
stand firm .
If we do not, then what is the point?
Who will take this seriously?
Not Senator Harry Reid, not the
President.
I have drawn my line in the sand; furthermore,
I told you, and people across the Seventh District, that I will fight
the Presidents unconstitutional changes to our immigration laws
tooth and nail.
I voted against the three-week funding
extension because I refuse to capitulate any further by punting this
situation down the road.
Americans elected us to
Congress to lead and represent their interests.
I think we can do
both of these at the same time if we govern sensibly and stop presenting
each other with ultimatums.
I did vote to conference with the
Senate so we can work out the differences in our two DHS funding
billsone large difference being the Presidents immigration executive
actions.
Sadly, I doubt Senate Democrats will agree to conference with
us.
I sincerely hope that this is the last shutdown scenario
Congress is forced into this year, but as the saying goes, Dont count
your chickens before they
hatch.
Tuesday
Israels Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu will address a
joint-session of Congress Tuesday to discuss Irans nuclear
program.
There has been unnecessary controversy surrounding this
visit.
Israel is our ally and a pillar of strength in an
increasingly hostile area of the world.
Radical terrorists continue to
attack democracy, Christianity, and the Holy Land; Irans aggressive
nuclear program continues to drive up uncertainty.
Prime Minister
Netanyahu has repeatedly asked the United States to support Israels
efforts in curtailing Irans nuclear program, and he will formally make
the case against a nuclear Iran this week.
I look forward to this
visit and having Rabbi Avi Perets from Myrtle Beach attend this speech
as my special guest.
60%
On Jan. 9-12, 2015, CBS News asked Americans, "Do you
favor or oppose building the Keystone XL Pipeline that would transport
oil from Canada through the United States to refineries in
Texas?"
The poll found that 60 percent of Americans support the pipeline
project.
With overwhelming support from the public and support
from Members of Congress on both sides of the aisle, one would think a
President that promised change would approve the
project.
However, President Obama chose politics over thousands of American energy
jobs, but even more disconcerting, he chose politics over the wishes
of the American people.
Americans want to see Washington
work together on positive solutions to our countrys problemssolutions
that will lower monthly bills, grow paychecks, and make our country
more competitive.
My colleagues and I remain committed to working
on these solutions, and we will continue to support the Keystone XL
Pipeline.
529 Plans
Today, the
average amount of student loan debt is $28,400 and nearly 12 million
families have turned to 529 plans to help plan for education
expenses.
In South Carolina, 111,000 people have active Future Scholar 529
College Savings Plan accounts.
Since thousands of South
Carolinians have invested more than $1.4 billion in their 529 savings plans,
Washington must strengthen these accounts and ensure they are
sustainable for years to come.
Current law is structured so
529 savings accounts grow tax-free and withdrawals are tax-free.
During his State of the Union Address, the President proposed taxing
529 plans.
Fortunately, Americans took a stand and forced
President Obama to retract his plan.
Since the Presidents proposal
unnerved families saving for college, the House passed H.R. 529,
legislation that amends the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to improve 529 plans.
This bill will safeguard and modernize 529 plans so every student has
access to the resources they need to reach their potential.
Constituent Visit: SC Farm Bureau
Last week, I met with members of the
South Carolina Farm Bureau
in Washington.
Palmetto State farmers were in town to discuss a variety of issues
impacting their businesses like tax reform, Section 179 expensing,
infrastructure, and immigration reform.
Thank you to the SC Farm Bureau
for taking the time to meet with me and share your ideas and
concerns.
It is an honor and privilege to represent you and your
family in Congress.
Have a good
week,
If you would like to
reply to this email or contact my office, please do so by visiting the
contact page on my website
here
as this email is not
monitored.
Washington D.C.
Office
223 Cannon House Office
Building
Washington, DC 20515
Phone: (202) 225-9895
Fax: (202)
225-9690
Grand Strand Office
2411 N. Oak
Street
Suite 405
Myrtle Beach, SC 29577
Phone: (843)
445-6459
Fax: (843) 445-6418
Pee Dee
Office
1831 West Evans Street
Suite 300
Florence, SC 29501
Phone: (843) 679-9781
Fax: (843) 679-9783
Unsubscribe
|
Update My Profile
|
Privacy Policy
