 Mail begin
If you are having trouble
viewing this message or would like to share it on a social network,
you can
view the message
online .
March 09, 2015
Unsubscribe
Update My
Profile
Website
|
About Doug
|
District Map
|
Constituent Services
|
Issues &amp; Legislation
|
News
|
Contact |
Dear Friend,
The last week has seen high drama as myself and other leading House
conservatives worked hard to prevent a so-called "clean" funding bill for
the Department of Homeland Security. A "clean" bill was so wrong
because it contained money for President Obama's unconstitutional and
lawless executive amnesty. I stood firm and voted our conservative
principles when, three separate times, I was presented with a "clean" funding
bill and I voted "no" each and every
time.
I am deeply disappointed that there was no
alternative presented to bringing forward the so-called "clean" DHS bill
that keeps the funding for the President's lawless amnesty. By
capitulating to the demands of Harry Reid's minority party in the U.S.
Senate, we lost our opportunity to take a firm stand against the lawless
executive amnesty of President Obama. I voted "no" because I will not go
along with the President's unlawful
actions.
We have entered budget season in Washington DC. That means
we are having quite a few hearings in the House Armed Services,
Veterans Affairs, and Natural Resources Committees, please continue reading
for in-depth updates on the latest activities in these important
bodies.
I understand how
frustrating the DHS funding fight was and know that I was just as
frustrated as you. However, we must remain dedicated to the principles of
liberty, limited government, and freedom that guide us all. I will
remain a staunch fighter for these core principles who will not waver due
to pressure from leadership, the media, or anyone else trying to come
between me and the
Constitution.
Please let me know if you
require any assistance with a federal government agency by contacting
my local office at (719)
520-0055.
I am honored to serve as your Representative in
Washington.
Sincerely,
Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin
Netanyahu's Address to Congress
By attending Prime Minister
Netanyahu's address, the majority of my colleagues in Congress demonstrated
the true and unshakable bond between the U.S. and Israel. President
Obama prefers to keep Congress and the American people in the dark about
the details of the emerging nuclear deal with Iran. However, Prime
Minister Netanyahu made clear how dangerous the direction of these
negotiations really is. With two deadline extensions behind us, with the
Administration's acquiescence to enrichment, and with a potential sunset
clause of no more than 10-15 years in the agreement, we now know once
and for all, this is a bad deal. Congress must assert its role and
responsibility as a co-equal branch in the safety of America and Israel.
The deal to strive for is the one that is best for the safety and
security of America and our allies, not the one that is best for
Iran.
STANDING UP FOR OUR
VETERANS
I supported two pieces
of legislation designed to help our brave veterans. H.R. 294, the
Long-Term Care Veterans Choice Act will allow eligible veterans to receive
long term, more family-style medical care in a medical foster home
setting. H.R. 280 is a bill authorizing the Secretary of Veterans
Affairs to recoup bonuses and awards paid to employees of the Department of
Veterans
Affairs.
Please click
HERE
for more
information on H.R. 294
Please click
HERE
for more
information on H.R. 280
We also received the Legislative
Presentations from the American Legion and the VFW in the House Veterans
Affairs Committee. These annual presentations are very important as
they allow veterans to visit Capitol Hill and inform us of their
biggest priorities for the year ahead. Thank you to everyone who made the
trip to DC!
Please click
HERE
to
see my questions to the American
Legion
Participating with my
Disability Assistance and Memorial Affairs
Subcommittee colleagues in a roundtable discussion with Veteran Service
Organizations on
reforming the veterans appeals
system
Hearing the Legislative Presentation from the
VFW
Meeting with VFW members
The Department of Veterans Affairs has achieved a critical
milestone for the new Southern Colorado National Cemetery with the award
of the Architect Engineer Design Contract to AES Group, Inc. AES Group,
Inc. is a service disabled veteran owned small business (SDVOSB)
based in Colorado that has been providing quality engineering services
since 1988. Having a veteran owned company that is a part of our local
community will insure this new cemetery properly meets the needs of our
veterans. This design contract will develop the master plan for
125,000 grave sites across a 375 acre site as well as schematic documents
for approximately 45 acres of the property to support 10 year burial
projects (approximately 13,300 gravesites) for the Phase 1 build out. The
cemetery will include a main entrance area, combined public
information center and administration building, memorial walls, honor guard
building, pre-placed crypts, columbarium niches and in-ground cremains
vaults. All facilities will be Leadership in Energy and Environmental
Design (LEED) silver certified which insures sustainability is factored
into every aspect of the design.
Please join me in
thanking and paying tribute to Jim Tackett, the retiring chief of the
Department of Veterans Services here in El Paso County. Jim, a
veteran himself, is retiring after 29 years of service. Click
HERE
to read a great
Gazette
article paying tribute
to
Jim.
QUESTIONING THE INTERIOR
SECRETARY
During a hearing of the House Natural Resources
Committee, I grilled Interior Secretary Sally Jewell on the issue of
energy production on federal lands and President Obama's Browns Canyon
land grab.
Despite what you
may hear from the Obama Administration, the acreage being leased by
the federal government for American energy production is 50% less than
what was being leased during the presidencies of Bill Clinton and
George W. Bush. Because American energy production creates jobs and leads
to greater energy security for our citizens, you have to ask yourself,
'why would President Obama continue to put up every possible roadblock
to expanding energy production on federal
lands?'
I will continue to use my leadership position
as Chairman of the Subcommittee on Energy and Mineral Resources to
press the Obama Administration to increase both onshore and offshore
energy production. Federal lands should be open and available for
multiple uses, including responsible energy
development.
Regarding Browns Canyon, contrary
to Secretary Jewell's claims, there was not a sufficient amount of
public input before the President unilaterally claimed it as a National
Monument. When properties are created in this manner, they often become
underfunded, neglected properties. This is because they are created
without normal Congressional and local consensus, robbing the people of
a fair and open process that stifles the input of the community.
Then, when the next Administration arrives, they become orphans. Does
Browns Canyon really deserve this kind of second-class
status?
Click
HERE
to watch Congressman Lamborn's
Questions
SUPPORTING OUR
NATIONAL DEFENSE
I had a great time during my recent visit to the 561st Network
Operations Squad at Peterson AFB. Please join me in thanking these Airmen
for everything they do to protect our
nation!
Please click
HERE
to read an article about this
visit
In the
Emerging Threats and Capabilities
Subcommittee of the House Armed Services Committee, we held a hearing titled
"Cyber Operations: Improving the Military Cyber Security Posture in
an Uncertain Threat Environment."
Please click
HERE
to watch my
questions
Thanks to Admiral John Richardson the
Director of the Naval Nuclear Propulsion Program for taking the time
to discuss the Naval Reactors
program.
It was a pleasure to meet Army
Major General Ryan Gonsalves. He will be serving as the next commanding
general of Fort Carson. Please join me in welcoming Major General
Gonsalves!
I was h onored to attend the Space Foundation's Space Power
Breakfast. We received a very interesting briefing from Air Force. Major
General Roger Teague. General Teague directs development and purchasing
on space programs to Air Force major commands, product centers and
laboratories dealing with acquisition programs. His responsibilities
include crafting program strategies and options for representing Air Force
positions to Headquarters U.S. Air Force, the office of the Secretary
of Defense, Congress and the White
House.
Thank you to Admiral Cecil
Haney Commander, United States Strategic Command for meeting with me
ahead of our Strategic Forces Subcommittee hearing. Also pictured is
Admiral Haney's Flag Aide Major Janelle Koch who previously served at
Peterson AFB.
SUPPORTING
ISRAEL
I
joined my fellow House Republican Israel Caucus Co-Chairs Leonard
Lance (NJ-07), Lee Zeldin (NY-01), and Peter Roskam (IL-06) in authoring
the following op-ed for
The
Hill .
The Hill: "Netanyahu's Message Should Be
Heeded"
Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu
offered a thoughtful and urgent message to the world community through the
bully pulpit of the House Chamber: Israel, the United States and
global forces for peace can find a solution to Irans march toward a
nuclear weapon.
As demonstrated by the prime ministers address, the
House of Representatives is now, and forever must be, the crucible for
our nations public policy discourse. Through floor debate, the
Presidents State of the Union Address and the opportunity for world leaders
to be heard on the globes most pressing issues, Congress is where
solutions are proposed, crafted, amended and authorized.
The prime
ministers message needed to be heard - now- days before a major
deadline in the ongoing P5+1
negotiations.
The consensus is clear: a nuclear Iran would
forever change the international dynamic.
The balance of power in the
world would slip away from those who have given blood and treasure in
the fight for freedom and justice, while rewarding the perpetrators of
some of the most heinous crimes against humanity.
The
principle of peace through deterrence would be defunct and the Nuclear
Nonproliferation Treaty would be a footnote as rival and regional powers race
to acquire their own nuclear weapons.
A nuclear arms race will
be yet another element of unpredictability in the worlds most
volatile region.
The safety and security of the United States and
Israel would be in extreme peril.
The prime minister and those of us in the Congress do not
oppose any agreement.
We oppose a bad agreement.
We oppose
any deal that needlessly surrenders valuable leverage in the name of
taking Irans word.
Sanctions brought Iran to the table and
sanctions will keep them there.
There is simply not the trust that
state-sponsors of terror will suddenly and uncharacteristically prove
honest.
Just
who are we dealing with? Iran has consistently supported the elements
of terror that bombard Israeli civilians with rockets.
They
recently destroyed a replica U.S. warship during a defense drill.
They still have not reported to international weapon inspectors past
nuclear weapon craft.
They have treated international obligations
as options, disregarding 11 of 12 sets of criteria the International
Atomic Energy Agency has requested.
They have continued to
design a nuclear payload for a missile over the IAEAs objections.
They continue to support mass-murderer Bashar al-Assad in Syria.
And they continue to promote destabilizing elements in Iraq,
undermining our decade of sacrifice.
And that is just the current regime.
Media outlets have
reported former Iranian president Mahmoud Ahmadinejad has returned to
the political scene, still promoting his anti-U.S and anti-Israel
platform.
The return to power of his ideology could come just as
the temporary Iranian part of the proposed agreement lapses, while the
self-imposed U.S. concessions remain permanent.
A successful nuclear
agreement must include tangible Iranian concessions. Steps to
dismantle its nuclear infrastructure, a commitment to a robust inspections
regime and a cease to its dubious terror-related activities must make-up
the ground floor of any deal.
Congress is the ultimate arbiter on sanctions.
For
any changes even to be considered, we must first be convinced that an
agreement bars any pathway to a nuclear weapon and that the United
States and Israel see serious Iranian attempts to reengage in world
affairs including promoting peace, advancing of human rights and
supporting equality for women.
Prime Minister Netanyahu carefully outlined the stakes.
It
will be up to Congress to remember his insight and use it as a guiding
force in the coming weeks.
I also had the
honor of speaking to a standing-room only crowd at the 2015 AIPAC
Policy Council. I participated in a panel discussion entitled "Friends
of Faith: Evangelical Christian Support For
Israel."
FIGHTING FOR PRO-LIFE
VALUES
Even though the House has delayed consideration of H.R. 5, the
Student Success Act, I still worked very hard to improve it via amendment.
One approach, that leadership refused to accept, was an amendment he
offered to prohibit federal funds to any school that provides
emergency contraception, or a prescription for it, on the premises of a high
school or elementary school.
House Republicans Slip Anti-Abortion Language Into Education
Bill
By
Laura Bassett
Huffington Post 2/26/15
House Republicans attached language to a major education
bill Wednesday night that would financially penalize school districts
that allow school-based health centers to provide information about
abortion to pregnant high school
students.
The amendment to the Student Success Act, a GOP overhaul
of No Child Left Behind, would withhold federal funding from school
districts that contract with health centers unless the center certifies
that it will not provide abortions or give students any information
about abortion, including directions to the nearest abortion provider.
(School-based health centers already do not provide abortion
services.)
The House Rules
Committee slipped the new language into a part of the bill known as the
"manager's amendment," which is normally reserved for non-controversial
fixes to a piece of legislation that are agreed to ahead of
time.
"This amendment is a cowardly
attack on young people's access to the full range of information about
their reproductive health care," said Cecile Richards, president of
the Planned Parenthood Action Fund. "This provision ties the hands of
health care professionals in schools, and would deny teens access to
important and basic information about their health care
options."
"Once again, abortion
opponents in the House went after women's health under the dark of night,"
Richards continued. "And because they know this attack on abortion is
deeply unpopular, [they] won't take an actual vote on
it."
Rep. Randy Neugebauer (R-Texas), who
authored the amendment, did not respond to a request for
comment.
Republicans also tried to attach an anti-birth control
amendment to the bill, but it was ruled out of order, or irrelevant to the
main legislation. That amendment, authored by Rep. Doug Lamborn
(R-Colo.), would have prohibited federal funds to any school that provides
emergency contraception, or a prescription for it, on the premises of
a high school or elementary school. The "morning-after pill" is an
example of such
contraception.
The House is expected to vote on the education bill Friday.
The bill would strip the federal government of much of its current
power to lift up struggling schools in low-income districts, instead
giving the states the authority to make such
decisions.
The White House has said President Barack Obama
will veto the bill if it passes, arguing that it "abdicates the historic
federal role in elementary and secondary education of ensuring the
educational progress of all of America's students, including students
from low-income families, students with disabilities, English learners,
and students of
color."
My efforts on this amendment were
strongly supported by two leading Pro-Life organizations, the Family
Research Council and Concerned Women for America. Please see below for
their letters of support.
DENOUNCING CHANGES TO INTERNET
REGULATIONS
The FCC, led
by three Democrat bureaucrats hand-picked by President Obama,
approved a secret plan to fundamentally undermine a free and open Internet.
This decision ushers in a new era of government micromanagement that
will discourage private investment in new networks and stifle the
innovation that has allowed the Internet to flourish. With the recent
failures and mismanagement of Obamacare, it is astounding that anyone would
think that heavy handed regulation by government bureaucrats can
manage the Internet. This is a solution in search of a problem. I look
forward to serious Congressional pushback against this secretive effort
which threatens Americas continued leadership in the global Internet
economy.
Interesting
Articles and Recommended Reading
Jerusalem
Post Op-Ed: Congress and America Still Stand Strong With Israel
by Congressman Doug Lamborn
Gazette Op-Ed: Fifth
District Poised For Major Progress in 2015
by Congressman
Doug Lamborn
Hill Has Even More To Say About Title
II
by Broadcasting &amp; Cable **article features
Congressman Lamborn**
Colorado Jews, Iranian Emigres React
To Netanyahu Address To Congress
by The Denver Post
**article features Congressman Lamborn**
Amid The
Criticism, Netanyahu Also Signaled Some Readiness For Compromise
by The Times of Israel
**article features Congressman
Lamborn**
Social
Media Update
If you would like to follow me on twitter please find me at
@RepDLamborn
On
my Facebook
this
week constituents commented on
King v. Burwell , currently in front of
Supreme Court , a case that has the potential to place Obamacare in serious
jeopardy. They shared their thoughts on what should replace Obamacare
if it is defeated by the outcome of
King v.
Burwell :
Leonard
Johnson
- Encourage the selling of policies across state lines and
reform Tort.
Nicole Butler
-
I'd have stiffer laws against insurance
fraud. I have caught dental/medical providers more times than not
over-charging for services. They'll collect from insurance, have my
portion, and then try to collect from me and/or the insurance company
again.
Rainer Steinbauer
-
How about making this mess voluntary? You
should know as well as we do that it is unconstitutional to force us to
buy something we do not want and fine us if we don't buy it! It is also
downright ridiculous to subsidize this mess with government money! As
long as it is mandatory the insurance companies keep the prizes
high!
Carrie
Miller
-
Our health care system should be based on free markets,
opportunity, and limited government. With less regulation from Washington
we'll experience lower costs and more
competition.
CONTACT INFORMATION
WASHINGTON OFFICE
2402 Rayburn
HOB |
Washington, DC 20515
Phone:
(202) 225-4422
Fax: (202) 226-2638
DISTRICT
OFFICES 1125 Kelly Johnson Blvd., Suite 330
Colorado Springs, CO 80920
Phone: (719) 520-0055 |
Fax: (719) 520-0840
DISTRICT
OFFICES
415 Main Street |
Buena Vista,
CO 81211
Phone: (719) 520-0055 |
Fax: (719)
520-0840
Update My
Profile
-
Unsubscribe
-
Privacy Policy
