
If you are having trouble viewing this
message or would like to share it on a social network, you can
view the message online .
About
Contact
Services
Media
Center
Legislation
Issues
Resources
February 20, 2015
Dear
David,
Below is a brief update on my work on behalf of
California's 26th Congressional District.
My number one priority
continues to be to provide you with the highest level of constituent
services possible. If you need help with a federal agency, please do
not hesitate to contact my office.
I also hope that you will
continue to reach out to me to express your views about legislation
and issues important to you. It is with your input that I can best
advocate for our community.
It is an honor to serve you in
Congress.
JULIA BROWNLEY
Member of
Congress
Brownley Reintroduces
Veterans Healthcare Improvement Act
Brownley Secures Seat on House Transportation and
Infrastructure Committee
Brownley Tours VA Sepulveda Ambulatory Care
Center
Brownley Attends Ventura County's
29th Annual Martin Luther King, Jr. Day
Event
Brownley Invites Veterans' Advocate To
Be Her State of the Union Guest
Brownley Speaks at Ventura County Reproductive
Rights Network's Roe v. Wade Event
Brownley Files Amicus Brief With Supreme Court In
Support of Citizen Redistricting Commissions
Brownley Meets With Ventura County Sheriff
Geoff Dean
Brownley Reintroduces Veterans Healthcare Improvement
Act
It is our duty to make certain that the
Department of Veterans Affairs has the resources it needs to provide the
healthcare our veterans have earned and deserve. This issue is of paramount
importance to me, which is why the Veterans Healthcare Improvement Act
was the first bill that I introduced in the 114th Congress. My bill
would require the Government Accountability Office (GAO) to continue to
verify the accuracy and adequacy of the Department of Veterans
Affairs budget for medical care.
Brownley
Secures Seat on House Transportation and Infrastructure
Committee
As part of California's Central Coast community,
Ventura County has unique transportation needs that not only impact our
quality of life, but are vital to the regions economic vitality. Since
coming to Congress, I have been a steadfast champion of the Port of
Hueneme; secured the funds necessary to dredge the Channel Islands
Harbor, Ventura Harbor, and to replenish the sand at Hueneme Beach; kept
the air traffic control towers open at the Camarillo and Oxnard
airports; and passed legislation authorizing a land swap from the former
Oxnard Air Force Base back to the county to facilitate business development
around Camarillo Airport. I'm so pleased to have been appointed to
the Transportation and Infrastructure Committee because it will allow me
to advocate even better for Ventura County's diverse economy and
transportation needs.
Brownley
participates in her first House Transportation and Infrastructure
Committee hearing, and will continue to advocate for Ventura County's diverse
transportation and infrastructure
needs.
Brownley Tours the VA's Sepulveda Ambulatory Care
Center
Recently, I met with the VA's Sepulveda Ambulatory Care Center
staff, where many of Ventura County's veterans go for medical
treatment and care. As a member of the House Veterans' Affairs Committee, I am
dedicated to working with the Department of Veterans Affairs to make
sure that veterans in Ventura County receive the best services and
care within the VA Greater Los Angeles Healthcare System.
Brownley tours the VA
Sepulveda Ambulatory Care Center and discusses how
the VA Greater Los
Angeles Healthcare System can best serve Ventura County
veterans.
Brownley Attends Ventura
County's 29th Annual Martin Luther King, Jr. Day
Event
I had the pleasure of taking part in Ventura County's 29th Annual
Martin Luther King, Jr. Day event. From the Civil Rights Act to the
Voting Rights Act, Dr. King's work continues to impact the social,
legal, and moral fabric of America. It was an honor to celebrate his life
and legacy, as well as to renew our commitment to keep Dr. King's dream
alive here in our community.
Brownley attends Ventura County's 29th Annual
Martin Luther King, Jr. Day event and discusses the need for Congress to
pass a renewal of the Voting Rights
Act.
Brownley Invites Veterans' Advocate To Be Her State of the Union
Guest
I was extremely honored to have Kim Evans of
Camarillo as my guest at the Presidents State of the Union address this
year. As the founder and director of the Ventura County Military
Collaborative, Kim is a tireless advocate for veterans across our community,
working to ensure they are connected to the care and services they
need. Additionally, Kim works as a therapist for the Army National Guard
Unit and as the Director of Psychological Health for the 146th
Airlift Wing at Point Mugu. I was pleased to welcome her to Washington for
this very special occasion.
Brownley welcomes Kim Evans of Camarillo to
Washington for the State of the Union address and discusses how her office
can be a resource for the Ventura County Military
Collaborative.
Brownley Speaks at Ventura County
Reproductive Rights Network's Roe v. Wade Event
I was honored
to speak at the Ventura County Reproductive Rights Network's
annual
Roe v. Wade
event. I strongly believe that women
should have access to a full range of family planning, preventative care,
and reproductive health services. In Congress, I continue to work to
ensure that women have access to a full range of medical services and
information about their healthcare options, so they are able to make
the best decisions for themselves and their families. For these
reasons, I am an original co-sponsor of the Womens Health Protection Act,
which would prohibit states from passing unconstitutional laws and
regulations that limit a womans safe and timely access to abortion
services or require medically unnecessary tests and procedures that do not
further womens health or safety.
Brownley speaks with the Ventura County
Reproductive Rights Network about issues important to
them.
Brownley Files Amicus Brief With Supreme Court In Support
of Citizen Redistricting Commissions
I recently
joined 19 of my colleagues to file an amicus brief with the U.S.
Supreme Court in the case of
Arizona State Legislature v. Arizona
Independent Redistricting Commission . Districts drawn by
incumbents to protect their jobs make politicians less accountable to their
constituents and more accountable to special interests, which have eroded
public trust and contributed to a deep and intractable dysfunction in
Congress. In California, we have experienced firsthand that a
non-partisan, citizen-driven redistricting process is not only possible, but
that its success makes it imperative for other states to follow our
lead to ensure that our government is "of the people, for the people, by
the people."
Brownley Meets With Ventura
County Sheriff Geoff Dean
I was pleased to have an
opportunity to sit down with Ventura County Sheriff Geoff Dean to discuss
local law enforcements federal priorities. I look forward to
continuing to work together to make our community safe.
Brownley meets with Ventura County
Sheriff Geoff Dean to discuss federal legislative priorities for local
law enforcement.
Should parents vaccinate children for diseases like the
measles? Yes No Other *By answering this survey, you are subscribing to my
newsletter. If you are having trouble, click
here.
E-mail
Updates
Yes, please periodically send me e-mail
updates.*
*By subscribing to my
e-mail updates, you are authorizing me to send regular e-mail updates
from my office to your e-mail account.
Tell a Friend
E-mail:
Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share
on LinkedIn
Washington D.C.
Office
1019 Longworth HOB
Washington, DC 20515
Phone: 2022255811
Fax:
2022251100
Hours: Mon.-Fri. 9:00am-6:00pm
Eastern
Oxnard, CA Office
300 E.
Esplanade Drive, Suite 470
Oxnard, CA
93036
Phone: 8053791779
Fax: 8053791799
Hours: Mon.-Fri.
9:00am-6:00pm Pacific
Thousand Oaks, CA Office
223 E. Thousand Oaks Blvd., Suite 411
Thousand Oaks, CA 91360
Phone Number: 8053791779
Fax:
8053791799
Hours: Mon.-Fri. 9:00am-6:00pm
Pacific
Unsubscribe
|
Update My Profile
|
Privacy Policy
