
HOME
|
About Mike
|
Contact YOUR Office
|
Serving You
|
Newsroom
|
Legislative Work
|
4th District
|
Resources
WEBSITE
| SHARE ON:
Greetings,
Cyberattacks threatens our privacy, our businesses, and also our nations security.
Data breaches at Target, Home Depot, Anthem, and Sony have demonstrated how hackers are utilizing the very technology that now drives our lives to do harm and steal vital information.
Individuals, companies, even our government agencies are under constant attack and we must be able to combat their efforts with appropriate responses.
Throughout my time in Congress, I have spent a considerable amount of my time on national security.
I have found that our federal intelligence agencies have information that can be greatly beneficial to a companys efforts to combat cyberattacks, yet there are restrictions on the information that can be shared between the government and the private sector.
We must take steps to allow real-time knowledge sharing in order to reduce the threat by alerting others of the scope and nature of the hackers infiltration.
The threat of cyberattacks, however, is not limited to our economy.
Terrorists across the world are quickly using the same technology.
Our military and intelligence warriors have a huge challenge to protect our country from an ever-growing cyber threat, which includes protecting our nations networks and information from hackers, nation-states, and terrorists.
We have to meet this threat with cyber sharing, strong intelligence gathering and a strong cyber response.
I was invited to speak at the Conservative Political Action Conference (CPAC) on a panel dealing with cyber security in the digital age, in which I shared my thoughts on how we define and respond to these threats within our constitutional boundaries.
Excerpt from the
Conservative Political Action Conference on February 26, 2015
I know the warriors at the Department of Defense and Intelligence Agencies are working diligently, and within the confines of the Constitution, to keep America safe from these cyberattacks.
You sent me to Washington to uphold and defend our Constitution and it is a job I take very seriously.
I will continue to work to protect the privacy of Americans and ensure our nation is safe and secure from cyber threats of all kinds.
Sincerely,
Mike Pompeo
Member of Congress
P.S. - Congratulations to our Wichita State men's basketball team for their hard fought victory today!
We wish them good luck in the Sweet 16.
Go Shockers!
Connect With Mike
NOTE: Please
DO NOT
respond to this email as this
inbox is unattended . To contact my office please
click here
WASHINGTON, DC OFFICE
436 Cannon HOB
Washington, DC 20515
Phone:
(202) 225-6216
Fax:
(202) 225-3489
WICHITA, KS OFFICE
7701 E. Kellogg, Suite 510
Wichita, KS 67207
Phone:
(316) 262-8992
Fax:
(316) 262-5309
UPDATE SUBSCRIPTION OPTIONS
|
PRIVACY POLICY
|
CONTACT US
Click Here Click Here