
RAND'S NEWSLETTER UPDATE
MARCH 20, 2015
Please allow me to update you on this week's happenings in Washington, D.C and elsewhere.
Dr. Rand Paul Addresses Criminal Justice Reform at Bowie State
Last Friday, I took my conservative message of criminal justice reform to Bowie State University, a historically black college in Bowie, Md.
The War on Drugs has had a disproportional affect on minorities and our inner cities. Our current system is broken and has trapped tens of thousands of young men and women in a cycle of poverty and incarceration.
It is my hope that my criminal justice reform legislation will help many of these young people escape this trap by reforming our criminal justice system, expunging records after time served, and preventing non-violent crimes from becoming a permanent blot on one's record.
Click
HERE
or below to watch my speech at Bowie State.
Dr. Rand Paul Introduces Economic Freedom Zones Act of 2015
On Wednesday, I introduced the Economic Freedom Zones Act of 2015. This legislation will establish free market enterprise zones and dramatically reduce taxes in order to help facilitate the creation of new jobs, entrepreneurial opportunities, enhance and renew educational opportunities and increase community involvement in bankrupt or economically distressed areas. These zones will apply to any zip code with unemployment greater than one and a half times the national average.
There are many communities in our country still waiting and praying for economic recovery and opportunity. I want to give Americans in these places the chance to succeed.
The Economic Freedom Zones Act will allow impoverished areas to remove the shackles of big government by reducing taxes, regulations, and burdensome work requirements. These zones will give parents and students the flexibility to find better schools and provide incentives for philanthropy. By taking drastic, meaningful action, we can create new jobs and finally get these communities back to work.
Click
HERE
to read my entire statement.
Dr. Rand Paul Introduces the Military Sequester Flexibility Act
On Thursday, I introduced S.813, the Military Sequester Flexibility Act. This legislation will provide the Secretary of Defense the authority to transfer funds within the Department of Defense (DOD).
As a member of Congress, I believe protecting and defending our military men and women should always be our top priority. With a potential sequestration in 2016, my bill will allow the Secretary of Defense the ability to prioritize and target reductions within the DOD, and ensure equipment and readiness of our service members is preserved and maintained.
Click
HERE
to read the Military Sequester Flexibility Act in its entirety.
Dr. Rand Paul Meets with the Kentucky Apartment Association
On Monday afternoon, I had the pleasure of meeting with the Kentucky Apartment Association in my Washington, D.C office. During the meeting, we discussed tax reform, housing finance reform, and energy policy.
(Dr. Rand Paul and the Kentucky Apartment Association - March 16, 2015)
Dr. Rand Paul Meets with the Kentucky Soybean Association
On Tuesday, I had the opportunity to meet with the Kentucky Soybean Association. We discussed transportation funding and appropriations for waterways infrastructure projects at the meeting, among other important issues.
(Dr. Rand Paul and the Kentucky Soybean Association - March 17, 2015)
Dr. Rand Paul Meets with University of Louisville Students
I had the pleasure of meeting and speaking with students visiting from the University of Louisville on Tuesday morning. We discussed student financial aid and federal funding for research at universities.
(Dr. Rand Paul and University of Louisville Students - March 17, 2015)
Dr. Rand Paul Meets with the Kentucky Psychological Association
On Tuesday afternoon, I met with the Kentucky Psychological Association in my offices in Washington, D.C. As a physician for over 20 years, I always enjoy speaking with fellow physicians. During the meeting, we discussed many problems that currently are affecting the efficiency of Medicare and Obamacare, and solutions to solving this increasingly dire matter.
(Dr. Rand Paul and Kentucky Psychological Association - March 17, 2015)
Dr. Rand Paul Meets with Car-Part from Kentucky
On Tuesday afternoon, I had the opportunity to meet with Kentuckians from Car-Part.com, including CEO Jeff Schroder and Vice President Roger Schroder visiting from Fort Wright, Ky. During the discussion, we touched on many important topics including various issues facing the automobile industry.
(Dr. Rand Paul and Kentuckians from Car-Part.com - March 17, 2015)
Dr. Rand Paul Meets with the CEO of CountryMark
On Wednesday, I had the pleasure of meeting with Charlie Smith, CEO of CountryMark - a farmer-owned cooperative operating in Kentucky, Illinois, and Indiana. During the meeting, we discussed many important topics including the EPA's burdensome regulations and energy tax related issues.
(Dr. Rand Paul and CEO of CountryMark, Charlie Smith - March 18, 2015)
Dr. Rand Paul Meets with Students from Warren Elementary School
On Thursday, I had the opportunity to meet on the steps of the U.S. Capitol with Warren Elementary 5th graders visiting from my hometown of Bowling Green, Ky.
(Dr. Rand Paul and Warren Elementary School - March 19, 2015)
Media Wrap-Up
This week, I appeared on Fox's America's
Newsroom with Bill Hemmer ,
CNN News , and
MTV News . I spoke with several radio stations across the country, as well as stations in Kentucky.
Have An Issue Or Concern?
If you are a Kentucky resident and need assistance with a federal agency or concern, feel free to contact the Bowling Green office (270-782-8303) to have a discussion with the appropriate staff member.
Stay in Touch with Sen. Paul's Social Media
You can find updates on what I'm doing by visiting my Senate website,
www.paul.senate.gov
and you can follow my official Google+ account
HERE . You can also subscribe to my YouTube channel
HERE . Don't forget to become a fan of my
official Facebook page
for other timely updates.
Warm Regards,
To unsubscribe from Rand's newsletter, please visit the
unsubscribe page
