
If you are having trouble viewing this message or would like to share
it on a social network, you can
view the message online .
February 24, 2015
Unsubscribe
Update My
Profile
Website
|
About Doug
|
Constituent Services
|
Issues &amp; Legislation
|
News
|
Contact Doug
2015 State of the Fifth Congressional
District Address
Please click
HERE
to watch Congressman Doug
Lamborn deliver the 2015
State of the
Fifth Congressional District
Address
Text of Address
Good morning. We are so fortunate and blessed to live and work in
the most beautiful place in America. Each of us here is committed to do
what we can to make this community a better
place.
We stand poised to make incredible progress this
year. Colorado Springs continues to rapidly expand in many different
areas. We have seen new defense companies spin off in our direction,
new nonprofit organizations and churches start up, property groups
acquiring more land for business parks and major tourism projects, local
hospitals, medical groups and surgery centers expanding to meet the
demand, sports medicine on the rise to be the next center of excellence,
technology incubators, medical device and advanced manufacturing
companies becoming more prevalent, major new aircraft manufacturing on the
horizon, and a steady stream of new highly-skilled veterans and
military retirees coming into our community.
I look around this room
and see many of the leaders and innovators of these very key sectors of
our regional economy.
I want to see these opportunities and
developments thrive in the Pikes Peak region.
I will continue to
advocate for you and strongly advance the pro-business policies that
improve and sustain the economic foundation on which you all
build.
People often tell me that they are
frustrated with Washington. Guess what, Ive been frustrated too.
Unfortunately, Congress has not been able to accomplish much over
the last few years. Legislative solutions, including several that I
authored, to address many of our nations challenges were prevented from
becoming law by a handful of people who obstructed even the simplest
and most basic items of business for partisan advantage.
Because
of the message the people of this country sent to Washington last
November, we now have new majorities in the House and Senate. These new
majorities are determined to produce measureable results that will
improve our nation.
I am very pleased to be entrusted with multiple
leadership roles in the new majority that will ensure our Congressional
district has solid standing in Washington and that will reinforce your
efforts here at home.
In this new Congress, I will once again be serving on three important
committees that have direct bearing on our community: Natural
Resources, Armed Services, and Veterans Affairs. Natural Resources Chairman Rob
Bishop asked me to continue my leadership on vital national energy
policy as Chairman of the Energy and Mineral Resources Subcommittee,
responsible for overseeing offshore and onshore energy production on
public lands. This Chairmanship will enable me to steer national policies
to responsibly develop Americas vast energy and mineral
resources.
This will expand our domestic energy supply, create new American
jobs, lessen our dependence on foreign sources of energy and minerals,
and generate revenue for federal and state
treasuries.
Armed Services Committee Chairman Mac
Thornberry asked me to serve as the Vice Chairman of the Strategic Forces
Subcommittee, which is a great honor and a significant opportunity.
This position allows me to serve in a critical leadership role at the
cutting edge of our missile defense, military space, and nuclear
national security programs.
I will work hard to protect our nation,
ensure that our region continues to be an essential asset to our
national security, and will expand the influence of Colorado's civilian and
military defense industries.
I am better placed than ever
before to make sure that defense dollars are sufficient for our national
defense, and for the missions in our region that contribute to that
defense.
I could spend hours telling you all the ways I am working
to accomplish this, but rest assured that I view this as one of the
most critical things I can do in Congress.
Chairman Thornberry also appointed me to the Emerging
Threats and Capabilities Subcommittee. This subcommittee oversees special
operations forces, including our own 10 th
Special Forces
Group, long-term research and technology efforts
like directed energy in
which I am very involved,
and everything related to cybersecurity.
It seems like every week now we learn of a new cyber attack on our
government and commercial interests. .Like many of you, I know cyber is
an area of potential growth for Colorado
Springs.
Just a few weeks ago, I joined General Ed Anderson
and Martin Wood at a ceremony announcing a new partnership between
UCCS and the Army Reserve on cyber education. As I told Ed, I will do
everything I can to support and advance that partnership because it is
good for our country good for our local economy. -Last week I visited
the 651 st
Network Operations Squadron at Peterson, where
hundreds of airmen are on the frontlines of the cyber mission. This
mission is vital, and Colorado Springs is the best place for it to
grow.
In fact, they told me they are bringing 40 airmen to this operation
next year from other locations.
I will utilize my close relationship with Chairman Thornberry to
continue serving as a steadfast advocate for our world class military
installations, like Fort Carson.
I brought the Chairman to town
for a tour last summer and some of you helped demonstrate not only the
local impact, but also the national significance of the installations
here in the Fifth District.
After reflecting on what he witnessed
here, he described our community as well-poised for years to come
because our military missions represent the direction our national
defense systems need to go.
He said we are the future of
warfare.
Let me take a moment to
address any concerns about an anticipated base realignment and closing
commission, also known as BRAC. It is true that Congress faces many
difficult budget decisions.
Even some of our military commanders have
cited our national debt as one of the biggest threats to our national
security.
But military basing decisions should be made primarily
on strategy, not finances.
Congress is also aware that previous
BRAC rounds have not produced the savings that were anticipated.
So I can say with confidence that this Congress will not allow this
president to conduct a BRAC, period.
I will continue to be a strong voice for our military
facilities, for full funding of national defense, and for advancing our national
security. I am proud of our shared success in this effort, the role
Ive been privileged to play, and the growth in active duty personnel
here in the Pikes Peak region during my entire tenure in Congress. But
we must not stand still. I am deeply grateful to all of your efforts
to keep Colorado Springs as the most supportive community of the
military in the country.
Thank you
to Mark Volcheff and the Military Affairs Council, Andy Merritt and the
tireless work of the Regional Business Alliance, and the strategic
partnership of Bill Hybl, Joe Blake, Christian Anschutz, Dick Celeste,
Hank Brown and Andy Love through, Colorado Wants
You.
Having the best military in the world is not
enough.
We need to keep our promises to those who have
served.
It is simply unacceptable that the VA made veterans wait too long
for services, and then in some cases tried to cover that up.
As
the second most senior Republican on the Veterans Affairs Committee,
I was deeply involved in last years legislation and negotiations with
the Senate to fix these abuses and prevent this grievous problem from
ever happening again. Our veterans simply deserve
better.
In the new Congress, I will continue to
advance policies that protect veterans by advocating for whistleblower
protection, information technology modernization, and improving the
quality of care for female veterans. I am also particularly concerned
about ensuring that service members leaving the military have a seamless
transition to the VA, and I am planning to dive deeply into this
issue.
Our veterans deserve the
highest quality of health care we can provide them, and I will remain
vigilant in addressing the challenges that may arise at our new VA
clinic on Fillmore and Centennial.
Last Friday, we had the
opportunity to officially name this clinic after one of our own heroes: Private
First Class Floyd K. Lindstrom -- a World War II Medal of Honor
recipient and Colorado Springs resident. Brian Binn, Terrance McWilliams,
Wes Clark and all the members of the naming committee were vital in
helping me pass legislation naming our new
clinic.
Foreseeing that our new VA clinic would quickly reach
capacity, I inserted language into the defense authorization bill
early last spring to study the feasibility of creating a DOD/VA Joint
Venture facility along the northern I-25 corridor.
This medical
facility would significantly enhance the surgical capability of the
10 th
Medical Group and establish a full VA emergency room.
Should it come to fruition, this collaborative effort has the strong
potential of serving as a national model for future healthcare to
veterans and retirees.
As the
recent Fort Carson Listening Session at Centennial Hall proved, this
communitys overwhelming support of our local military and veterans is
clearly among the best in the nation.
This support includes
community assets like legacy nonprofits Home Front Cares and Aspen Pointe, as
well as pioneering centers of excellence like Jay Ciminos Mt. Carmel
Center and UCCSs Lane Center.
With support and resources like
these, it is no wonder the Fifth Congressional District boasts the
highest population of veterans west of the Mississippi
River.
Our natural resources, military
installations, and highly-trained veteran workforce are not the only
drivers of our economy.
Our community is well-served by sound banking
institutions, innovative engineers, visionary builders and
developers, skilled health providers and institutions of healing, top-rated
educators, compassionate non-profits, and devout assemblies of faith. I
carefully monitor the Federal governments proposals and regulations to
assess the impact they will have on these engines of our local
economy.
I want to briefly mention a few additional, specific areas in
which I will be active in the new Congress, because hard-working
taxpayers deserve more results and accountability in Washington
DC.
Taxes
One Washington-driven policy that affects
everyone in this room is taxes. I am sick and tired of those in Congress
who keep demanding higher taxes to support a spending appetite that
avoids responsibility, lacks accountability, and refuses to be
curbed.
As I alluded to earlier, our national debt is an economic and
national security problem.
Addressing our national debt will
require having serious conversations about the promises our nation offers
to its citizens and then making some difficult decisions about spending
priorities.
Policies that promote economic freedom and
prosperity within the private sector actually generate more revenue for
government coffers than regressive policies that discourage the private
sector.
Both Ronald Reagan in the 80s and Bill Clinton in the 90s,
after Republicans took the House, found this to be
true.
I was proud to have authored the
largest tax cut in Colorado history during my tenure in the State
Senate.
In my opinion, that was a key part of why Colorado was one of
the best states in the country in which to do business in the early
2000s. That is also why I will not support the gas tax increase that
some are currently proposing.
If we concentrated our gas tax
dollars on concrete and asphalt, rather than mass transit and bike paths,
the gas tax revenue shortfall would largely be
eliminated.
Infrastructure
Strong communities have a solid and
well-rounded infrastructure.
Good infrastructure attracts
businesses.
Many of you have spent your entire professional lives building
up and planning out the infrastructure we have here in the Fifth
Congressional District.
One of the underutilized but vitally
important pieces of infrastructure here in Colorado Springs is our airport. I
want to commend everyone at the airport for their historic efforts to
attract Sierra Nevada Corporation to our region. Over 2,000
high-paying jobs is an incredible achievement that will have a major economic
impact in our region for years to come.
But in addition to more businesses and new jobs at the
airport, we also need more planes flying in and out of our airport. Thats
why Ive introduced bipartisan legislation to expand service at small
and underserved airports. This legislation will allow the Colorado
Springs Airport to compete for Small Community Air Service Development
grants to pay for advertising and other startup costs associated with new
airline routes.
This will help the airport continue its
transformation and add more air service to our
region.
On the national level, I have proposed generating
infrastructure funding through the leasing and revenue sharing of
offshore and onshore energy development. As a principled and practical
problem solver, I know that government tends to be lazy and uncreative with
the solutions it comes up with.
There are better ways to address
our infrastructure needs in America than simply increasing the cost
of doing business by raising taxes.
Small Businesses
One vital segment of America that feels the impact of these
lazy decisions the most is small business.
Small businesses make
up the backbone of our economy by employing over 50 percent of
American workers. America is one of the few countries where almost anyone can
turn an idea or dream into a business that provides for their family
and adds value to the economy.These hard-working taxpayers should be
rewarded for driving our economy, not punished by a system that buries
them in a blizzard of higher taxes, bureaucratic rules, and stifling
regulations. Having run a small business, I know how difficult it can
be to grow and plan for the future when you cant even predict your
next tax bill.
In particular,
thanks to Obamacare, health care expenses for small businesses will make
it expensive to expand and difficult to plan well for the
future.
I will continue to work to repeal and replace that program with a
patient-centered, market responsive approach to healthcare, although any
meaningful reforms to Obamacare will probably have to wait for the
next occupant of the White House.
Financial Policy
Before discussing regulatory burdens further, I want to
acknowledge an important sector that ensures the growth and prosperity in the
other sectors of our economy.
I see many of our friends
representing community banks and national financial institutions here today.
Access to capital is the lifeblood of many small businesses who hope to
grow into larger businesses.
Businesses of all sizes have
struggled because of flawed financial policies, such as Dodd-Frank. This
bill may have targeted Wall Street, but its regulatory burdens have been
extremely damaging to Main Street. Our new majorities in the House
and Senate have begun to chip away with legislation like H.R. 37, The
Promoting Job Creation and Reducing Small Business Burdens Act, which
reduces onerous regulations and makes it easier for small businesses to
access the capital they need to grow. However, there is much work to
be done to reverse or mitigate the damage done by Dodd-Frank and other
policies causing harm to our financial services sector.
Anytime
we can roll back excessive regulations and rely more on the free
market we must do so.
Regulatory Policy
One
constant message I keep hearing from constituents is that regulatory
burden, complexity, and uncertainty is undermining entrepreneurs ability
to successfully launch new businesses, expand, and create jobs. We all
know of the direct cost that excessive regulation places on a small
business. What is not immediately apparent is the insidious, indirect
costs associated with enormous regulatory proposals being attempted by
agencies like the EPA. I will use my new position on the Natural
resources Subcommittee on Oversight and Investigations to rein in government
regulation that is stifling energy production from federal lands in
particular.
Because of its anti-carbon bias, this administration
is doing everything it can to throttle back hydrocarbon energy, even
at the cost of, if they get their way, higher prices for working
families and small business.
Yet that is who benefits the most from
lower energy prices.
But
we need more than regulatory reform.
We need to modernize our
regulatory agencies that are still operating like typewriters in the age
of smartphones.
Agencies like the VA and the FDA are regulatory
dinosaurs that cannot keep up with the health care innovators in our
community.
Who knows what improvements to our quality of life are
stifled because the FDA is too slow to approve healing medications or
to allow advanced manufactured medical
devices?
Manufacturing
Many of these innovations and technologies are
invented by manufacturers and entrepreneurs who turn visions into
reality.
Last week, I had the privilege of spending the afternoon with
Kevin ONeil and his leadership team to experience firsthand their
exciting plans at the forthcoming Catalyst Campus in the old Homburg
Building.
Frank Backes demonstrated an amazing innovation that has
cross-application purposes that could revolutionize how governments at
all levels organize and employ community assets. I strongly believe
that this campus will lead to significant growth, ideas, innovations,
jobs, and dynamic collaboration.
And while Kevin and Frank focus
on acquiring companies and relocating them to Colorado Springs, other
manufacturing leaders like Tom Neppel and Springs Fabrication
manufacture high-end engineered metal products that are sold and shipped all
over the world.
Americas manufacturers are second-to-none, and
can out-compete anyone in the world, so long as they are competing on a
level playing field.
Trade policy, energy and other regulatory
policy, and tax policy all have a big impact on U.S.
manufacturing.
I want these jobs to be done in the U.S, and in Colorado in
particular.
Immigration
There are other regulatory
policies that not only weaken our economy, but potentially weaken our
national security.
Abraham Lincoln is credited with saying,
Nearly all men can stand adversity, but if you want to test a mans
character, give him power.
The genius of our founding fathers is
that they did not want too much power to rest in the hands of one man or
his pen.
That is why they established three co-equal branches
of government.
Recent
actions by the President in the area of immigration have abused this
constitutional arrangement, I believe.
As demonstrated by the
recent ruling by Federal District Judge Hanen, the president crossed the
line when he asserted broad authority with regard to his immigration
overhaul plans.
I, and a majority of the Congress, do not support
amnesty for illegal immigrants. That makes a mockery of our system of
legal immigration. Real immigration reform must begin by ensuring our
border is secure and that our immigration laws are being enforced at
the border and within the United States.
Until we accomplish that,
other new measures wont be effective.
Rather than a
comprehensive bill with a multitude of moving parts, lets take an incremental
approach on the issues for which there is broad consensusguest worker
visas for job areas that we are not meeting today, green cards for
highly skilled and educated, or wealthy investor immigrants, and
eliminating the worldwide, random visa lottery.
Religious
Freedom
There are other regulatory actions that outright
threaten the Constitutional protections of our own citizens.
Whether
it be for chaplains, men and women in uniform, national employers, or
even Catholic nuns, religious liberty is in in the cross-hairs of
over-zealous regulators and their enforcers in the executive branch.
Religious freedom is an important part of our multi-faith community and
country.
I was pleased to have my amendment to the NDAA
adopted, which required the Air Force in particular to rewrite its rules to
give more leeway to the exercise of religious freedom.
I will
continue be a leading advocate for this right, particularly for our men
and women in uniform.
Pro life and Family Values
I will also continue to be a strong advocate for a culture of
life. Each life is a precious gift and when we devalue that creation, we
run the risk of creating an ever more indifferent and callous society.
I believe that new research and technological innovations mean
that we are living in a generation of life.
I will continue to
support policies that support life.
When it comes to families, our Congressional District is one of
the best places in America to raise a family. I will do everything in
my power to continue supporting legislation designed to encourage and
promote healthy and stable
families.
Folks, these are some of the opportunities and
challenges that Congress and I will address over the next two
years.
I truly believe that the new majority in Congress will make far
more progress than we have seen in recent years.
It is heartwarming to see the positives
advances being made by leaders and innovators in the Pikes Peak region. I
want to commend the Mayor, the City Council, and the County
Commissioners.
Some of you, like Commissioner Sally Clark, bring bold
national policy ideas to Washington and serve in national leadership
roles. Others strongly advocate locally and in Denver for the unique needs
of our region. From protecting our men and women in uniform heading
for infectious disease hot zones, or coordinating resources to protect
our friends and neighbors who live near fire and flood zones, your
efforts truly make a difference.
I am truly impressed with this communitys resilience,
determination, and courage.
Continue making incredible investments of your
time, talent, and treasure to improve our region.
Please know
that you have a supportive and effective partner representing you in
Washington DC.
With a new Republican majority in the Senate and a
bigger majority in the House, I am in the best position I ever have
been to help change the culture in Washington and to serve as a leader
and advocate for any idea or program that would benefit the Fifth
Congressional District.
As we
continue to work together to build up our community and strengthen our
nation, your advice and counsel will be invaluable to my work to represent
you in Congress.
Please give me your input.
Also, visit
my website, Lamborn.house.gov, to sign up for my email newsletter and
other important updates.
Also, get to know my staff so we can
build relationships. We are always eager to learn of your accomplishments
and listen to your ideas, concerns, and feedback on issues important
to you.
I truly appreciate
your time and attention today.
Thank you and may God Bless
America.
Contact Info
WASHINGTON OFFICE
2402 Rayburn
HOB
Washington, DC 20515
Phone: (202) 225-4422
Fax:
(202) 226-2638
DISTRICT OFFICE
1125 Kelly Johnson Blvd., Suite
330
Colorado Springs, CO 80920
Phone: (719) 520-0055
Fax: (719)
520-0840
DISTRICT OFFICE
415 Main Street
Buena Vista,
CO 81211
Phone: (719) 520-0055
Fax: (719)
520-0840
Update My Profile
-
Unsubscribe
-
Privacy
Policy
