
If you are
having trouble viewing this message or would like to share it on a
social network, you can
view
the message online .
HOME
ABOUT
CONTACT
ME
SERVING YOU
MEDIA CENTER
ISSUES &amp;
LEGISLATION
OUR DISTRICT
February 20, 2015
Dear
Friend,
Ive mentioned several times now that my office has partnered with a
number of local organizations to put on workshops for small business
owners to learn how to avoid and defend yourself from drive-by ADA
lawsuits. As you are likely aware, in the past year there have been a
number of lawsuits brought against small business owners throughout the
Valley. Many of these lawsuits have been more about making money than
ensuring businesses are ADA-compliant. These lawsuits are make it
harder to own and operate businesses and threaten the livelihood of our
communities. If youre a small business owner, wed like to help you
protect yourself. Our next workshop takes place next Wednesday the
25 th
at 7:30 at the Turlock Golf and Country Club. I hope we
will see you there.
Please join us in Turlock on Wednesday for an ADA Basics for
Business workshop.
This
month weve kicked off our annual Congressional Art Competition,
which gives 10 th
district students the opportunity to share
their talents by submitting original artwork to hang on the walls of the
United States Capitol. This year, our first place winner will be
determined by a contest on
our Facebook page . All
high school students in the 10th Congressional District are encouraged to
participate.
The first place winner will have his or her
artwork sent to Washington, D.C. where it will be displayed for the
next year in the national exhibition in the Cannon Tunnel, a pedestrian
walkway leading to the United States Capitol. Additionally, a
scholarship may also be offered to the winner to fly to Washington, D.C. for
the reception and announcement of the National Winner. Second and
third place winners will have the opportunity to display their art in my
Modesto district office.
If you have any friends or family interested in participating,
please send them this
information.
Pieces must be submitted to my district office by
FRIDAY, MARCH 20 at 5 p.m. PT. The Facebook competition will launch on
MONDAY, MARCH 23 and end on FRIDAY, APRIL 3.
During the
competition, fans of my Facebook page will have the opportunity to vote for
their favorite piece by liking the submission
so if you havent
already, become a fan now so you can vote for your favorite
piece!
My office will be holding a reception for participating students
on April 8, 2015. Further details on location and time are to follow.
The submission requirements and application
materials are available here.
You should have received an
email from me this week with a few helpful tax resources you can use as
youre preparing to file on April 15. If theres anything my office can
do to help, please dont hesitate to reach out. You can reach my
Modesto office at 209-579-5458 and my D.C. office at
202-225-4540.
JEFF DENHAM
E-mail
Updates
Yes, please periodically send me e-mail
updates.*
*By subscribing to my
e-mail updates, you are authorizing me to send regular e-mail
updates from my office to your e-mail account.
DC
office:
1730 Longworth HOB
Washington, DC
20515
P:
202-225-4540
F: 202-225-3402
Modesto
Office:
4701 Sisk Road, Suite 202
Modesto, CA
95356
P: 209-579-5458
F: 209-579-5028
Unsubscribe
|
Update My Profile
|
Privacy
Policy
