DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.0 Transitional//EN" "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml1/DTD/xhtml1-transitional.dtd"
Send me an email
|
Forward to a Friend
Executive Action and the Rule of Law
By Congressman Randy Forbes
February 26, 2015
The rule of power.
For much of human history, governments and their laws were based solely on who had the power.
The American experiment turned that notion on its head.
Rather than on the rule of power, our founders established the United States of America on the rule of law. It was a somewhat novel concept in practice, that those governed by the law were both subject to it and protected by it. Most exceptional, however, was the system of checks and balances the rule of law created
it separated the power.
Today we often think of the rule of law in terms of the court system, assessing how effective it is, whether judges are fulfilling their roles as charged, and whether the law is interpreted accurately. Indeed, the conversation about restoring the rule of law is partly about restoring courts to their constitutional role of protecting individual liberties. But its impact stretches far beyond that. At its core, the rule of law is about protecting a set of immutable rights that are anchored in our Constitution and birthed by concepts in the Declaration of Independence.
So when President Obama said last year he would no longer enforce U.S. immigration laws and later allowed millions of illegal immigrants to stay and work in the U.S. without a vote of Congress, he didnt just usurp power belonging to other government branches. He sent a message that the rule of law doesnt matter. The implications of such an action stretch far beyond the White House, the halls of Congress, or even the steps of the Supreme Court.
Today the short-term debate in Congress is over funding for the Department of Homeland Security and rolling back executive actions on immigration. I prepared a
brief memo
breaking down the actions of both the House and the Senate, the process Congress is currently engaged in, and the options for moving forward, which you can find on my website at
www.forbes.house.gov . On February 27, 2015, DHS funding is set to expire and, currently, Congress is lacking the consensus necessary to avoid a partial shutdown. Many people are questioning political strategies and what Congress should do next. But from a broader perspective, this debate is about so much more than DHS funding or even the immigration crisis. Its about whether any president has the authority to selectively enforce and unilaterally rewrite democratically passed laws. Its about whether the president is above the rule of law.
Its difficult to surmise all of the levels of society the concept of rule of law touches, in part because we expect the rule of law to be there. Its one of those things that you may not notice because its built into the inner machineries of our government and our way of life in America. It isnt perfect, by all means. But on the whole, it works, allowing freedom in property, business, family, education, health, to name a few. The Heritage Foundation lists rule of law as one of the four freedom categories used to create its Index of Economic Freedom. Why? Because the rule of law creates economic freedom by introducing certainty into economic relationships.
In order to work, however, a nation built on the rule of law requires interdependence. We call it separation of powers, but what that really means is that through a system of checks and balances, authority is shared between three branches to ensure the government itself is held accountable to the law.
In that way, we are interdependent on each other in a system of checks and balances that assumes no one has the upper-hand except the Constitution itself.
This is why unilateral action by the executive to exert authority that properly lies with the legislature is so egregious. It sets a standard opposite of the intentions of our founding documents. It gives future presidents authority to selectively enforce and unilaterally rewrite democratically passed laws. It lays the groundwork for ironhanded governing. This should frighten all Americans
no matter where they are on the political spectrum and regardless of where they stand on the policy issue at hand.
Our institutions, our Constitution, and our nations foundation are built on the rule of law. When the system is weakened through disregard for the law, we may not notice the impacts right away. But slowly we will realize that to chip away at the rule of law is to weaken all other pillars of our society.
The rule of law isnt a piece of our government structure. It is the guardian thread that runs through every fiber of our government structure.
Rule of law is a necessary condition for justice and liberty to work. Without it, our government will crumble.
Home
|
Contact
|
Forward to a Friend
|
Unsubscribe
|
Subscribe
|
Privacy
|
Office Locations
Please do not reply to this message. This email address does not accept incoming messages. To send an email,
click here .
Click Here Click Here