Copyright (c) 1996-2015 Constant Contact. All rights reserved.
Except as permitted under a separate
written agreement with Constant Contact, neither the Constant Contact software, nor any content that appears on any Constant Contact site,
including but not limited to, web pages, newsletters, or templates may be reproduced, republished, repurposed, or distributed without the
prior written permission of Constant Contact.
For inquiries regarding reproduction or distribution of any Constant Contact material, please
contact legal@constantcontact.com.
Mike Kelly's Weekly E-Newsletter
February 13, 2015
Follow me on Twitter!
Visit my YouTube page!
Click here to subscribe to my weekly
E-newsletter
My Offices
ERIE DISTRICT OFFICE 208 E. Bayfront Parkway Suite 102 Erie, PA 16507 Phone: (814) 454-8190 Fax: (814) 454-8197
BUTLER DISTRICT OFFICE
101 East Diamond St Suite 218 Butler, PA
16001 Phone: (724) 282-2557
Fax: (724) 282-3682
SHARON DISTRICT OFFICE
33 Chestnut Street Sharon, PA
16146 Phone: (724) 342-7170 Fax: (724) 342-7242
WASHINGTON, DC OFFICE
1519 Longworth HOB Washington, DC 20515 Phone: (202) 225-5406 Fax: (202) 225-3103
CRAWFORD COUNTY OFFICE Every Wednesday 9:00 a.m. - 4:00 p.m. 908 Diamond Park Meadville, PA 16335
ARMSTRONG COUNTY OFFICE
Every Thursday 9:00 a.m. - 4:00 p.m. 300 South McKean Street Kittanning, PA 16201
LAWRENCE COUNTY
Every Friday 9:00 a.m. - 4: 00 p.m. Lawrence County Courthouse 430 Court Street New Castle, PA
16101
Dear Friend,
As you'll see in the newsletter below, it was a tremendously busy week both in the Third District and on Capitol Hill.
First, I want you to know that today I was proud to join House Judiciary Committee Chairman Bob Goodlatte
(R-VA) and 168 of our House colleagues in co-signing a letter to Senate
Minority Leader Harry Reid demanding that he and his colleagues stop
blocking debate on
the House-passed Homeland Security funding bill
that
properly defunds the president's illegal actions on immigration. This bill is critical to protecting our citizens, securing our border, and defending our system of government. It deserves to be considered, passed, and signed into law.
At least half a dozen members of the Senate minority have publicly
stated their objection to President Obama's executive overreach, yet disturbingly they're now helping prevent the Senate chamber from voting on or even debating
the House's legislation to undo it. Such hypocrisy and obstruction by
the Senate minority must not stand.
Read our full letter
here .
Sincerely,
Rep. Kelly Returns
Lost Service Medals to
World War II Veteran in Erie
WATCH NEWS REPORTS HERE
and
HERE
On Monday,
Rep. Kelly hosted a ceremony at the Erie Veterans Affairs Medical Center in Erie, PA, at which he re-issued formerly lost distinguished service medals to Jimmy D'Aurora, an Army veteran of World War II. The medals include: a Purple Heart, a Good Conduct Medal, an American Campaign Medal, a European African Middle Eastern Campaign Medal, a World War II Victory Medal, and an Honorable Service Lapel Pin for World War II.
Erie Times-News :
U.S. Rep. Mike Kelly, of Butler, R-3rd Dist., presented D'Aurora with the new medals. D'Aurora's niece, Anna Marie Amendola, of Erie, contacted Kelly in August, asking the congressman to help her family as they sought replacement medals.
Kelly reached out to the National Personnel Records Center, officials said, and his office received the medals in late January.
"All of you folks paid such a great price and did so much for us as a generation. It's incredible service you did," Kelly told D'Aurora in the main lobby of the Erie VA. "It is really a great honor to be with you today."
Kelly also spent time on Monday visiting with inpatient residents at the Erie VA as part of National Salute to Veterans Week.
...
"The smiles on their faces as they're being thanked, and told how grateful people are for their service, lasts the entire week and beyond," said Sarah Gudgeon, public affairs specialist at the Erie VA. "This is an exciting time for them, especially our inpatient residents who may not have many visitors throughout the year. They can see that they're not forgotten."
ErieTVNews.com :
A decorated World War II veteran who lost track of his medals, was
reunited with them Monday. Congressman Mike Kelly's staff worked to have
the medals re-issued for 91-year-old James D'Aurora of Erie.
The
congressman presented the medals during a brief ceremony at the Erie VA
Medical Center.
D'Aurora was surrounded by his wife, children and
nieces and nephews as he was honored with the service medals, including a
purple heart.
YourErie.com :
91-year old Jimmy D'Aurora received the replacements for the service medals that he lost today from Congressman Mike Kelly during a special ceremony.
He was given a Purple Heart Medal and four additional service medals.
D'Aurora says he can't wait to share these medals with his two year old great-great-grandson.
Rep. Kelly Grants Inaugural
Community Champion Award
to Presque Isle Advocate
Rep. Kelly with 3rd District Community Champion Sally K ohler
[Photo courtesy of Dana Massing, Erie Times-News]
On Monday,
Rep. Kelly presented the first-ever
3rd District Community Champion Award
to Sally Kohler, a longtime community activist and member of the Presque Isle Advisory Committee, at the Tom Ridge Environmental Center in Erie. Mrs. Kohler, a lifelong resident of Erie County, was honored for her extraordinary commitment to community service and
impressive involvement in more than 30 civic organizations throughout the region.
She is a proud mother of five, grandmother of twelve, and great-grandmother of one. In 1951, she received a Bachelor of History Degree from Mercyhurst College and then went on to earn her Master of Education Degree from Gannon University. For 30 years, she
worked for the Erie School District as a classroom teacher and guidance counselor. Her decades-long service to the Erie community has involved issues ranging from Presque Isle advocacy to education to public safety to child welfare. Read more about the award presentation here. The
3rd District Community Champion Award
is a newly created citation designed to recognize and thank service-minded individuals throughout Pennsylvania's Third Congressional District for selfless and significant contributions to their surrounding communities. It will be awarded quarterly, and winners will receive a plaque from Rep. Kelly's office, a flag flown over the U.S. Capitol building, and a statement of congratulations entered into the official congressional record.
Rep. Kelly Calls on
President Obama to Support the Keystone XL Pipeline
WATCH HERE
On Wednesday,
Rep. Kelly
delivered remarks on the floor of the House of Representatives in support of S. 1, legislation approving the construction of the Keystone XL pipeline. The bill was passed by the House that evening by a bipartisan vote of 270-152.
Highlights from Rep. Kelly's floor speech:
"I rise in strong support of the Keystone XL pipeline. It's going to create 42,000 jobs. ... This is the most federally reviewed pipeline in U.S. history. ... And the thing about this that is most impressive is it doesn't cost the American taxpayer one single penny-it's privately funded. And I would guarantee you, along that pipeline, as it's constructed, all those communities are going to benefit from the fact that they have people working there, staying in their hotels, buying their food, and enhancing their local economy. How many more times do we have to talk about this?"
"This isn't a Republican issue, by the way. This is an American issue. The majority of the American people support this. Democrats and Republicans in both the House and the Senate [support the pipeline]. It is bipartisan and bicameral-my goodness, how rare is that? Business groups and labor unions, and even President Bill Clinton and President Bush agree this is something that needs to be done. News outlets from
Bloomberg
to
The Washington Post
to
USA Today --they all say, 'Build it.'"
" USA Today
gets it right.
They say : 'On the merits, the Obama administration should long ago have said yes. ... But the White House seems to have been paralyzed by its fear of angering ally Canada if it says no or infuriating Democratic environmentalists if it says yes."
"It's way past time to say yes. President Obama must say yes to new jobs, he must say yes to bipartisanship, he must say yes to good government, he must say yes to America, and he must say yes to the Keystone pipeline. It's long past due, my friends. Let's move America forward, let's become energy self-sustaining, and let's be the leader in the world when it comes to energy."
House Passes Rep. Kelly's Conservation Easement Incentive Act
Tax certainty bill introduced by
Rep. Kelly included in bipartisan passage of America Gives More Act
WATCH HERE
On Thursday,
the House of Representatives passed H.R. 644,
the America Gives More Act of 2015 , a package of charity-related tax bills which includes the text of H.R. 641,
the Conservation Easement Incentive Act of 2015 , legislation authored and introduced by U.S. Representative Mike Kelly (R-PA) -- a member of the House Ways and Means Committee -- on February 2, 2015. This provision will provide a permanent tax incentive for farmers and ranchers to preserve their non-developed land for future conservation. H.R. 644 was passed by a bipartisan vote of 279-137.
Excerpt of Rep. Kelly's floor remarks:
"This is about allowing a landowner to set property aside. So I don't care if you're a farmer or a rancher. I don't care if you're a hunter or a hiker. I don't care if you like to look at birds or hunt birds. There are
over 65 associations
around the country that say, 'Please do more of this. Set this ground apart.' ... This is so basic to who we are as Americans. Let's preserve what we have.
Let's just keep what we have. Let's make sure that our kids can hunt and hike and swim. Let's make sure that they can fish. Let's make sure that they can do all of those wonderful things that this land affords us to do. ...
There are millions of acres that have been said aside now. Why not give some permanency to this? We talk about tax reform-let's give it some permanency.
Let's do what makes sense for all of America. ... Let's make sure we set ground for the future."
Praise for Rep. Kelly's legislation:
"The Lake Erie Region Conservancy unequivocally supports H.R. 641 sponsored by Rep. Mike Kelly and Rep. Mike Thompson. Conservation easement incentives are critical to the continued conservation of open space and farms throughout the U.S. Tax incentives for land donations have been and should continue to provide an important tool in the decision land owners make when protecting their lands for future generations."
- Tom Fuhrman, President, Lake Erie Regional Conservancy
"Conserving land not only protects our natural communities and open space for future generations, it also protects the character of our rural communities. The Conservation Easement Tax Incentive provides a vehicle for landowners to leave a permanent legacy on the landscape and is critical to ensuring that both our heritage and our ecology is protected in perpetuity. The French Creek Valley Conservancy thanks Congressman Kelly for leading the bipartisan effort to make the Conservation Easement Tax Incentive permanent."
- Jim Lang, Board President, French Creek Valley Conservancy
"Congressman Kelly made clear today his conviction that land conservation is good for America and Americans. We thank Congressman Kelly for voting to ensure the land heritage we share with America's farmers - the land heritage we wish to pass forward to our children - is conserved."
- Rand Wentworth, President, Land Trust Alliance
NOTE:
The conservation easement tax incentive was created in 2006 and provides an enhanced income tax deduction to private landowners who voluntarily choose not to develop their land and instead preserve their property for conservation. It has helped America's farmers, ranchers, and forest land owners conserve hundreds of thousands of acres of farmland, open space, and water sheds in the public interest for future generations to enjoy.
The Conservation Easement Incentive Act of 2015
(H.R. 641) will make this tax incentive a permanent part of the nation's tax code.
The legislation was
introduced
by a bipartisan coalition on February 2, 2015, including Reps. Mike Kelly (R-PA) and Mike Thompson (D-CA) in the House of Representatives and Sens. Dean Heller (R-NV) and Debbie Stabenow (D-MI) in the U.S. Senate. It was
favorably marked-up
by the House Ways and Means Committee on February 4, 2015.
H.R. 641 has been endorsed by a diverse coalition of conservation, agriculture, and sporting organizations including (but not limited to) the Land Trust Alliance, Ducks Unlimited, the National Cattlemen's Beef Association, the Nature Conservancy, the National Sports Shooting Foundation, the National Trust for Historic Preservation, the Mule Deer Foundation, the American Farm Bureau Federation, the American Forest Foundation, the National Audubon Society, the Wildlife Society, the California Association of Wine Growers, and National Wild Turkey Federation. An extended list of supporters can be viewed
here .
Rep. Kelly
Receives Award for Pro-Family Voting Record
Yesterday, Rep. Kelly proudly received the "True Blue Award" from
FRC Action
-- the
legislative affiliate of the
Family Research Council
-- for his 100%
pro-life, pro-faith, and pro-family voting record. According to FRC Action, "The True Blue Award honors Members of Congress who have exhibited
extraordinary leadership and commitment to the defense of family, faith,
and freedom. ... Recipients of the award are those who have voted consistently for
pro-family issues and have stood courageously in Congress in defense of
life."
Rep. Kelly Appointed to President's Export Council
This week it was announced that Rep. Kelly has been appointed by House Speaker John Boehner (R-OH) to serve on the
President's Export Council .
Statement by Rep. Kelly:
"I am very honored to be appointed to the President's Export Council,
and thank Speaker Boehner for the opportunity to serve. With all of our
nation's assets and ingenuity, I have long believed that the United
States should not only be participating in the global marketplace, but
dominating it. When our access to the world's consumers is open and
expansive, American businesses thrive and new jobs grow. Guided by
conservative principles and my experience as a small businessman, I look
forward to helping ensure that American trade policies can fuel growth
in Western Pennsylvania and across America to the fullest potential."
Statement by Speaker Boehner:
"Representative Kelly has distinguished himself in Congress as a
passionate champion of pro-growth policies for America at home and on
the international stage. His impressive background as a successful
automobile dealer equips him with critical business experience and
unique insight when it comes to promoting the exportation of American
products. I am proud to appoint him to this distinguished council."
NOTE:
The President's Export Council (PEC) is the
principal national advisory committee on international trade. The
Council advises the President of government policies and programs that
affect U.S. trade performance; promotes export expansion; and provides a
forum for discussing and resolving trade-related problems among the
business, industrial, agricultural, labor, and government sectors. More
information about its history and membership can be read
here .
WEEKLY PHOTOS
On Monday, in honor of National Salute to Veteran Patients Week, Rep. Kelly visited the Erie VA Medical Center to greet the veterans and express his gratitude for their service.
_________________________________________
Rep. Kelly with Randy and Karen Sowers, owners of South Mountain
Creamery, and Ways & Means Oversight Subcommittee Chairman Pete Roskam (R-IL) On Wednesday, Rep. Kelly participated in a hearing by the
Ways & Means Oversight
Subcommittee focused on protecting small businesses from abuse by the Internal Revenue Service (IRS).
After a spirited exchange with IRS commissioner John Koskinen about the agency's unfair
practices, Rep. Kelly heard courageous testimony from farmer Randy Sowers, owner
of South Mountain Creamery, who saw the IRS wrongly seize control of his
dairy's bank account and force him to forfeit thousands of dollars even
though he was cleared of any civil or criminal wrongdoing. Read more about the hearing
here ,
here , and
here .
Forward this email This email was sent to dj724530@gmail.com by
thomas.qualtere@mail.house.gov
|
Update Profile/Email Address
|
Rapid removal with
SafeUnsubscribe &trade;
|
Privacy Policy . The Office of Representative Mike Kelly
|
1519 Longworth House Office Building
|
Washington
|
DC
|
20515
