
David,
As we reach the one-month mark of the 114th Congress, I wanted to write you about my priorities moving forward and how I intend to build on the work I have done over the past years. I begin this note with a significant piece of positive news: This week, after months of hard work, the Senate passed the Clay Hunt Suicide Prevention for American Veterans Act, which will provide important new mental health resources to help prevent the scourge of veteran suicide.
This breakthrough bipartisan step will help countless veterans overcome the invisible wounds of war that lead to 22 tragic suicides every day. The bill, which I introduced and worked on with Senator John McCain, will help save the lives of courageous, strong veterans who need and deserve enhanced psychiatric care, counseling, outreach support and accountability from the Department of Veterans Affairs (VA). A friend of mine, Justin Eldridge of southeastern Connecticut, braved mortar fire and snipers in Afghanistan, returning to his young family with traumatic brain injury and
post-traumatic stress. Tragically, he slipped through the cracks at his local VA facility and eventually took his own life. As brave as he was on the battlefield, he could not win his war at home. We have an obligation to keep faith with our veterans, and this legislation &ndash; which provides for an impartial review of VA mental health programs, more centralized information and outreach, more support for VA psychiatrists &ndash; constitutes an important step. And today it is headed for the President&rsquo;s desk for his signature.
In addition to continuing to fight for our veterans, I intend to maintain unwavering focus on protecting consumers, improving transportation service and safety, and creating economic opportunity in Connecticut and across the country. I have worked with Democratic and Republican colleagues to achieve these goals, and I will continue to pursue bipartisan cooperation on our many common aims.
Many of you have written to express your frustration with Washington gridlock &ndash; a frustration I share. Although I developed and helped to pass several significant bills in the last Congress, the slow pace of lawmaking over the past two years has reinforced my belief that new legislation is only one lever through which to achieve positive change. Congressional oversight and scrutiny &ndash; through public hearings, document requests, and other conversations &ndash; help to ensure government agencies are fully meeting their obligations to enforce laws, issue regulations, and punish wrongdoers.
Fighting for our veterans
Senator Blumenthal met with veterans at the
Hiring Our
Heroes veterans job fair in Hamden
I am honored and excited to be serving as the top Democrat on the Senate Veterans&rsquo; Affairs Committee. In this position, I will work tirelessly to ensure that the United States meets its sacred obligation of keeping faith with our veterans and ensuring that they have the resources they need to treat both the visible and invisible wounds of war.
Following the draw-down from the conflicts in Iraq and Afghanistan, communities across the country are welcoming home a new and growing generation of veterans. Last year, I joined a bipartisan group of my colleagues to pass the Veterans Access, Choice, and Accountability Act 2014 to help provide timely access to health care for veterans. This year I will work to ensure the implementation of this
new law. I learned recently that a veteran in Connecticut who had waited more than 120 days finally received notification of an available medical appointment. That delay is intolerable, and we must do better. Likewise, I will continue my advocacy in the Senate to simplify the transition after leaving military service, reduce the disability claims backlog, and increase employment opportunities for all veterans.
Veterans and servicemembers are often particularly vulnerable to practices designed to take advantage of consumers. I have worked with the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau (CFPB) to seek a crackdown on these practices, and last year three companies were finally held to account by the CFPB for their illegal and abusive debt-collection practices targeting servicemembers. Going forward, I will remain vigilant in monitoring despicable practices like these and urging law enforcement agencies to stop them.
Creating economic opportunity
For far too many Americans, the basic elements of a middle-class life are becoming far too difficult to achieve. College costs continue their astronomical rise. Policies that encourage offshoring depress our manufacturing sector. The minimum wage has not kept pace with inflation since the 1970s, and many women continue to be denied equal pay for equal work. I look forward to continuing my efforts as a leader of the Senate&rsquo;s Fair Shot Campaign to implement solutions to these problems. I
will also continue to champion critical defense programs that not only keep our country and men and women in uniform safe, but also fuel economic growth and activity across Connecticut and around the country. It is my responsibility through my service on the Senate Armed Services Committee to ensure that American servicemen and women have the best equipment in the world &ndash; and there is no better source than healthy American companies staffed by healthy, financially secure American workers.
I am fighting for investment in America. That is why I am backing an innovative mechanism called an infrastructure bank, which is designed to help improve our country&rsquo;s transportation financing. We must make rail travel safer and more efficient, and we must make sure our highways are safe for drivers. That requires not just ensuring the safety of the cars we drive, but of the guardrails that line our highways and the devices that are designed to protect us in case of an accident.
In that vein, I helped secure critical funding for Connecticut&rsquo;s infrastructure this year. In particular, through the Department of Transportation&rsquo;s TIGER program, I helped obtain support for projects like the New England Central Railroad ($8.2 million) and Waterbury downtown redevelopment ($14.4 million). Connecticut&rsquo;s Congressional delegation also secured emergency relief program funding to rebuild the WALK Bridge ($161 million) and upgrade the New Haven Rail Yard ($9 million).
Protecting consumers
General Motors&rsquo;s deadly ignition switch defect has cost
lives across the country
Senator Blumenthal holds the
image of one victim during an event at the Capitol.
I continue to serve on the Senate Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation, where I now serve as the top Democrat on the Subcommittee on Consumer Protection, Product Safety, and Insurance. Last Congress in this Committee, I helped to lead an investigation into &ldquo;mobile cramming.&rdquo; This is an unscrupulous practice by which wireless carriers surreptitiously add surcharges and fees that increase phone bills without consumers&rsquo; knowledge. Our investigation culminated in hearings I chaired, which led to the Federal Communications Commission (FCC) and Federal Trade Commission bringing charges against AT&amp;T and T-Mobile. These charges resulted in settlements that produced nearly $200 million dollars for consumers.
This experience provides a model for what Congress can do even in an era of legislative paralysis: using our ability to expose wrongdoing and to oversee the agencies that should be responsible, with the ultimate goals of accountability and putting money back in people&rsquo;s pockets.
On our roads, we learned last year about the dangers of defective General Motors ignition switches and Takata airbags. I successfully pressed General Motors to create a victims&rsquo; compensation fund, and I introduced three bills that would hold corporations accountable, prevent cover-ups, and ensure that regulators are able to assess penalties strong enough to deter dangerous behavior. All three bills were endorsed by the
New York Times , and I will reintroduce them this year. I am continuing to engage with the Commerce Committee, with federal regulatory agencies, and directly with the companies to obtain information and improved safety policies.
In 2014, I also worked with Senator Patrick Leahy to successfully pass the Unlocking Consumer Choice and Wireless Competition Act into law. This bill reverses a decision that had prohibited consumers from unlocking mobile devices, making it possible for consumers to bring phones from one carrier to another. And as a result of my work with Senator John McCain, the FCC voted to eliminate the National Football League&rsquo;s antiquated blackout rules, ensuring that the NFL cannot use ticket sales as a means of denying fans access to games. Meanwhile, Senator McCain and I continue to fight to reduce cable bills by leading the effort to eliminate costly bundling and bring all consumers a la carte cable.
Making transportation safer
Last year was unfortunately marked by an unacceptable number of rail safety incidents &ndash; as well as by detailed reports demonstrating that the underlying problems have not been addressed. Just this week at Valhalla, New York, we saw another horrific incident that raised serious questions about safety and reliability. In my previous position as chairman of the Commerce Committee&rsquo;s Subcommittee on Surface Transportation, I pressed successfully for Metro-North to adopt safety and reliability measures to address some of these problems. However, there is still a long way to go &ndash; not only with Metro-North, but across the nation.
This is why I introduced major, comprehensive legislation to improve safety on passenger and freight railroads. The bill addresses major flaws made apparent by recent crashes involving Metro-North, and it seeks to advance critical safety initiatives supported by the National Transportation Safety Board. In particular, the bill would provide a needed overhaul of the Federal Railroad Administration (FRA): requiring greater accountability, strengthening its inspection and enforcement powers, and increasing funding for its safety and operations work. The bill would also improve technology to record incidents and alert crewmembers of problems, address problems with crew scheduling and fatigue, and require safer practices for the transportation of crude oil.
Fighting gun violence
One of my greatest frustrations in the Senate has been its failure to pass any legislation to address the threat of gun violence. This issue is personal to me, as I know it is to many of you, and I will continue to seek innovative ways to stem the tide of injuries and deaths. One of my first tasks this legislative session will be the reintroduction of the Lori Jackson Domestic Violence Survivor Protection Act. Named for a courageous Connecticut woman who was tragically taken from her family, this bill would prohibit people under a temporary restraining order from purchasing or possessing firearms.
I firmly believe that through its inaction, Congress has been derelict in its responsibility to address this pressing moral issue. I am unwilling to accept that inaction is the new normal on this front, and I will continue to press for commonsense gun safety measures in this new Congress.
Looking Ahead
I am honored to serve as your Senator. I look every single day for opportunities to serve the people of Connecticut and address the problems facing families across our state. I believe strongly that common-sense solutions exist for many of these problems, and I will not give up the fight to put those into practice.
Please continue to share your stories and your thoughts and opinions, which are a source both of important information and inspiration to me. I look forward to keeping in touch and to continuing my fight for the people of Connecticut.
Sincerely,
Senator Richard Blumenthal
