
District Update | February 7, 2015
Click here
if you have trouble viewing this email
Protecting salmon by controlling predators
Last week I introduced a bipartisan bill with U.S. Rep. Kurt Schrader (D-OR) to help protect the salmon, steelhead, and other endangered native fish species so vital to the culture, recreation, and economy of our region.
The Endangered Salmon and Fisheries Predation Prevention Act enables trained members of tribal communities and government fish managers to remove California sea lions that pose a threat to the Columbia Rivers endangered fish population.
To learn more about this legislation,
click here.
Breaking down health care barriers for the kids who need it most
I also joined my colleagues recently to reintroduce the ACE Kids Act, a bill we are pursuing to help medically-complex kids of families on Medicaid get the access to 21st century health care, regardless of their zip code.
We continue to build bipartisan support in both the U.S. House and Senate for this bill that will allow these young patients to get care at a network of childrens hospitals that spans across states. By increasing efficiencies, this bill will actually save taxpayer dollars.
Its my hope that the
ACE Kids Act
is just a starting point for expanding access to kids of struggling families.
I intend to build on the reforms in the ACE Kids Act to allow pregnant mothers covered by Medicaid to get specialized medical treatment for complex pregnancies, even if that means crossing state lines when they cant access appropriate care in their home state. This will give these children the best possible chance of making it to and thriving after birth.
Click here for video of our original
ACE Kids Act
introduction.
Changing laws to work for victims, put an end to human trafficking
Human trafficking is the worlds fastest growing form of organized crime, and it is happening right here in Southwest Washington. Last week, I joined a strong majority within the U.S. House of Representatives to pass 12 bills aimed at ending this terrible epidemic.
Among other things, the package of bills aims to crackdown on websites that are consciously advertising sex with minors. One bill in particular would give courts the means to prosecute individuals who participate in sex trafficking on online marketplaces, including Backpage.com.
To learn more about this package of legislation,
click here.
TOP NEWS
LONGVIEW DAILY NEWS:
Herrera Beutler bill takes aim at sea lions
READ MORE HERE
CHRONICLE:
Herrera Beutler joins U.S. House in voting for bills to curb sex trafficking
READ MORE HERE
CHINOOK OBSERVER:
Tributes pour in for Chinook Tribal Chairman Ray Gardner
READ MORE HERE
COLUMBIAN/AP:
Obama sends record $4 trillion spending plan to Congress
READ MORE HERE
RESIDENT SPOTLIGHT!
A move to Vancouver resulted in stopped benefits
Last year, Robert White, a retired veteran living in Ilwaco, moved to Vancouver. After his move, Robert discovered his VA benefits were not being delivered and he went to the VA to figure out what went wrong.
Robert was worried to hear that the VA would not be able to correct their error for months, leaving him in a difficult economic spot. He contacted my office and we reached out to the VA on his behalf. The VA corrected Roberts information and in less than two weeks his benefits had resumed.
Are you having an issue with a federal agency? My office is here to help! Please contact us at (360) 695-6292 or by visiting
JHB.House.Gov.
GO RED
for Women's Health
Yesterday was Wear Red Day. I joined my colleagues to Go Red for women and fight heart disease &amp; stroke, which kills 1 in 3 women.
Forward to a Friend
|
Share on Facebook
|
Share on Twitter
|
Permalink
Washington, DC Office
1130 Longworth HOB
Washington, DC 20515
Phone: (202) 225-3536
Fax: (202) 225-3478
Vancouver Office
O.O. Howard House (Officers' Row)
750 Anderson Street, Suite B
Vancouver, WA 98661
Phone: (360) 695-6292
Fax: (360) 695-6197
UPDATE SUBSCRIPTION OPTIONS
|
PRIVACY POLICY
|
CONTACT US
Click Here Click Here