
Last week, the House passed a bill to fund the Department of Homeland Security (DHS) for the remainder of the fiscal year.
The bill funds President Obamas unconstitutional executive amnesty.
I voted no.
Back in January, I voted to fund every constitutional DHS function and program and to defund the executive amnesty.
Senate Democrats blocked the Senate from even debating the House-passed bill.
Senate Democrats also prevented the House and Senate from going to conference and figuring out a way to fund DHS without the Presidents executive amnesty.
Ultimately, this outcome was entirely predictable.
The House should have never passed the so-called Cromnibus back in the lame duck session in December.
The strategy of passing a $1.1 trillion spending bill, but holding out DHS was never credible.
The President and Senate Democrats always knew the House would capitulate.
Along with other House conservatives, I voted against the Cromnibus.
The federal court system is our last hope to overturn the Presidents lawlessness on immigration.
Congressman Jim Bridenstine Spearheads Letter Opposing Lynch Nomination
Over fifty Members of the House of Representatives joined in Congressman Jim Bridenstines letter to the Senate Judiciary Committee urging them to reject the nomination of Loretta Lynch as Attorney General.
Read More
Congressman Bridenstine Launches New Website
In February, Rep. Bridenstine launched a new website to better serve the constituents of the First District.
Please visit the new website at
Bridenstine.House.Gov
Rep. Bridenstine on Food Stamp Reform
Bridging the Gap: Americas Weather Satellites and Forecasting
The U.S. House Science, Space, and Technology Committee held a joint Environment and Oversight Subcommittee hearing today investigating federal weather satellite programs and the potential gap in coverage for weather forecasting.
Congressman Bridenstine Opposes Net Neutrality
Net neutrality violates not only the First Amendments free speech guarantee, but also constitutes an illegal taking of private property without providing just compensation, as required by the Fifth Amendments Takings Clause.
Read More
Rep. Bridenstine Disscusses ISIS with Judge Jeanine
Share
[if gte mso 6]>
<![endif]
Copyright
2015 Congressman Jim Bridenstine, All rights reserved.
You are receiving this email because you opted in at our website or at an event.
Our mailing address is:
Congressman Jim Bridenstine 2448 E 81st St Suite 5150 Tulsa ,
OK
74137 Add us to your address book
unsubscribe from this list
update subscription preferences
