
Defending American Energy Independence
Last week, I was proud to join many of my colleagues in the House in support of S.1, the Keystone XL Pipeline Approval Act. With the final passage of S.1, the House and Senate have now collectively broadcasted a strong message to the President. Its time to stop stalling and time to start building the Keystone XL Pipeline. We dont need any further studies to know that construction of Keystone XL will allow for lower energy costs for taxpayers and lessen our dependence on oil from hostile nations.
As many of you are aware, the President and his administration have served as a roadblock to this project for upwards of six years. Now that Congress and the American people have spoken so overwhelmingly in favor of Keystone XL and we are on the precipice of creating up to 40,000 jobs through its construction, the President is once again threatening to veto the will of the American people. I will proudly continue to fight for American energy independence. For more about my views please click
here .
Ensuring Accountability Despite the President's Executive Amnesty Plan
Many of my constituents have heard me say that the need for more transparency in Washington is greater than ever before. I am therefore very excited to serve on the House Oversight and Government Reform Committee where I am a member of the Subcommittees with jurisdiction over national security and healthcare. Last week, I had the opportunity to question witnesses in a Subcommittee hearing entitled, The Presidents Executive Actions on Immigration and Their Impact on Federal and State Elections. To learn more about the Subcommittee meeting, please view below:
While the President seems more than willing to promise amnesty to more than 5 million illegal immigrants, we analyzed the effects this could have in terms of the potential for voter fraud. I maintain that the right to vote is something we earn, not something we are granted by executive decree. Rest assured, I will continue fighting the Presidents attempts to implement executive amnesty. That is why I signed a letter to Harry Reid that Senate Democrats stop holding up funding for the Department of Homeland Security in order to provide amnesty to millions of illegal immigrants. Additionally, one immigration solution I have authored is H.R. 604, the Nuclear Family Priority Act, which would serve as a check on our broken immigration system. To view what Conservative Review has to say about my bill, please click
here .
How to Combat ISIS
In response to the most recent terrorist attacks on Americans abroad, this past week the President sent a draft of an AUMF, or Authorization for Use of Military Force, to Congress. Now that the President has finalized his request, Congress will have the opportunity to debate and weigh the best course of action on how to combat ISIS. In the coming weeks there will be much discussion on the scope of the mission. I am adamant that if we take this course of action, our troops must be fully equipped to decisively defeat ISIS. That is why the AUMF must be strong and resolute and why House Republicans will not simply rubber stamp what the President has submitted to us.
During the course of the week, it came to my attention that one terrorist, a former prisoner of GTMO, was killed while recruiting more members for ISIS. In order to prevent this form of recidivism, I am proud to co-sponsor H.R. 401, the Detaining Terrorists to Protect America Act of 2015. This legislation would prevent the transfer of prisoners from Guantanamo Bay to unstable countries like Yemen and is a commonsense solution to combat the Presidents failed policy of releasing terrorists from GTMO. Lastly, I was greatly saddened and shocked by the deaths of Kayla Mueller and the brutal beheadings of Coptic Christians in Libya by the ISIS terrorists. I hope you will join me in prayer for the victims families..
District Work Week
After 6 weeks in Washington, it feels great to be home for my first district work week. I will be traveling throughout the district meeting with constituents, visiting with local employers, and attending the grand opening of two of my local district offices. To find out more about the 10th Congressional District, please view my website
here .
On Saturday, I was honored to attend the Kettle Creek Battle Memorial in remembrance of the brave patriots who fought there during the Revolutionary War. I am grateful that I was able to meet the AFJROTC from Greene County High School and the NJROTC from McDuffie High School who participated in the ceremony.
Newsletter
Thank you for reading my newsletter. In order to help keep constituents of the Tenth Congressional District of Georgia informed of what's happening in Washington, please feel free to share my
e-newsletter sign-up
with your friends and family. If you would like to follow my activity on
Facebook
or
Twitter , I welcome your thoughts and look forward to your input.
WEBSITE
|
UNSUBSCRIBE
|
CONTACT
Click Here Click Here