
Can't see the pictures? Select "Always display images" or
view this message in your browser .
Putting Security First
Putting Security First
This week, the House of Representatives finally acted to fully fund the Department of Homeland Security, passing a clean bill without radical provisions to dismantle the
President&rsquo;s Executive Actions on Immigration .
After months of
dangerous
anti-immigrant grandstanding and obstruction by House Republicans, this bipartisan long-term funding bill was finally passed with the support of every single Congressional Democrat &ndash; restoring certainty to our Homeland Security and to the thousands of hardworking men and women who would have been furloughed or forced to work without pay in a shutdown.
At a time when the United States faces growing threats all over the world, keeping the Department of Homeland Security open is a victory for every American.
It is time for Republicans to stop stumbling from manufactured crisis to manufactured crisis.
It is time to govern, and House Democrats will continue to fight to protect the American people and to enact the
comprehensive immigration reform
legislation our country needs.
As our fabulous father of the house, Paul enables mom to be Speaker of the House. In for equality? Pass it on - #LeanInTogether #TBT.
To follow Congresswoman Pelosi on Instagram, please
click here .
Health Care for ALL Americans
The text of the
Affordable Care Act
(ACA) is clear: premium tax credits are available to all eligible Americans, regardless of where they live.
The ACA is structured and designed to provide access to quality, affordable health coverage for every American, everywhere.
King v. Burwell , the politically-motivated lawsuit before the Supreme Court this week is yet another attempt to unravel the Affordable Care Act, strip millions of American families of their health coverage, and throw insurance markets into turmoil.
With this case, opponents of universal quality health care intend to take affordable health coverage away from millions of hard working Americans &ndash; hoping to achieve through the courts what they cannot do even with majorities in both houses of Congress.
I was proud to attend the Supreme Court hearing on
King v. Burwell
this Wednesday because I am confident that the Supreme Court will issue the only ruling consistent with the text, structure and history of the ACA, and affirm that premium tax credits are available to every eligible taxpayer in the nation.
Nancy Pelosi
@NancyPelosi
The politically-motivated lawsuit before SCOTUS today is yet another attempt to unravel the Affordable Care Act.
goo.gl/02QIi6
12:42 PM - 4 Mar 2015
To follow Congresswoman Pelosi on twitter, please click
here .
Please feel free to
forward this information to your family and friends . To learn more about these efforts, to express your views, or to sign up for email updates,
please visit my website .
best regards,
This mailing was prepared, published and mailed at taxpayer expense
Unsubscribe
WASHINGTON, DC
233 Cannon HOB
Washington, DC 20515
Phone: (202) 225-4965
Map it!
DISTRICT OFFICE
90 7th Street, Suite 2-800
San Francisco, CA 94103
Phone: (415) 556-4862
Map it!
