
HOME
|
About Mike
|
Contact YOUR Office
|
Serving You
|
Newsroom
|
Legislative Work
|
4th District
|
Resources
WEBSITE
| SHARE ON:
Greetings,
Today, the House of Representatives will consider H.R. 5, the Student Success Act.
It provides increased freedom from federal oversight for K-12 education.
A number of amendments that I expect we will consider will further erode the burden that No Child Left Behind has put on our children, to the detriment of their education.
It provides increased freedom for parents and teachers to chart the educational course and reward the hard work and dedication that so many educators provide.
This is an important billaimed squarely at meeting the real learning needs of our next generation.
Speaking with students at North High School.
Watch the debate
here .
Sincerely,
Mike Pompeo
Member of Congress
P.S.
And, speaking of school success, South Central Kansas has a great opportunity this Saturday, February 28 th , to reward a model teacher, Gregg Marshall, and his basketball students.
ESPN is coming to Wichita, Kansas to broadcast its signature sports showESPN College GameDaylive from Koch Arena.
Click on
this link
to learn details of how you and your family and friends can be a part of the first ESPN College GameDay show from Wichita State.
I hope youll join in this exciting chance to spotlight South Central Kansas, Wichita, and our Shockers.
That afternoon, at 1 p.m., our No. 11 Wichita State Shocker Mens Basketball team is going to defeat No. 10 Northern Iowa and capture the Missouri Valley Conference championship.
The Roundhouse will definitely be rocking and we have the chance to show America the glorious place where we all live.
Steven Andersen, Nick and me supporting the Shockers last weekend as they dominated the Purple Aces.
What makes this all so special is that Coach Marshalls young men and his staff grind and work and play the way Kansans livewith determination, teamwork and love that reflect who we are.
They compete.
They understand roles.
They demonstrate to kids all across Kansas the rewards that follow from hard work.
The team fits uswe support them in good years and years that aren't so good.
We do so because we value their hard workwe all live that, too.
And after Saturday, I hope more Americans will know that as well.
On Saturday morning, pull out your best Shocker gear and head out with your family to Koch Arena.
For details,
click here .
This is the first time ESPN College GameDay has come to our city.
I expect they will leave impressed.
Its a big day for the biggest city in Kansas.
I hope youll all go out and be a part of it.
GO SHOCKERS!
Connect With Mike
NOTE: Please
DO NOT
respond to this email as this
inbox is unattended . To contact my office please
click here
WASHINGTON, DC OFFICE
436 Cannon HOB
Washington, DC 20515
Phone:
(202) 225-6216
Fax:
(202) 225-3489
WICHITA, KS OFFICE
7701 E. Kellogg, Suite 510
Wichita, KS 67207
Phone:
(316) 262-8992
Fax:
(316) 262-5309
UPDATE SUBSCRIPTION OPTIONS
|
PRIVACY POLICY
|
CONTACT US
Click Here Click Here