
Dear Friend,
Thank you for signing up to receive my email newsletter. These
newsletters will cover a variety of topics, including events happening
in Indiana, legislation being considered in Congress, and my
perspective on current issues. My hope is to keep you updated and
informed on how issues in Washington may impact Hoosiers. I welcome
your feedback.
Thanks for reading,
Dan Coats
_____
Obama Budget the Wrong Call
On Monday, President Obama submitted his annual budget proposal to
Congress for our consideration. As anyone familiar with federal budgets
knows, the budget is a list of priorities, a wish list for the
administration. Given our country's enormous financial challenges and
the results of the 2014 midterm election, there was hope that the
release of this budget would be an opportunity for President Obama to
work with Congress.
But much like the Seattle Seahawks at the one yard line, the president
failed to make the right call. In this case, the right call would have
been a plan that
addresses our skyrocketing mandatory spending burden,
reforms our outdated tax code and promotes pro-growth policies. These
are basic ideas Republicans and Democrats agree are in our national
interest. These are areas where we can find common ground.
Rather than pursue consensus on these issues, President Obama proposed
$2.1 trillion in tax increases over a decade. He proposed to spend
$3.99 trillion in fiscal year 2016, a 7% increase from 2015 and about
$1 trillion more than the federal government spent in 2008.
Additionally, his budget would add $8.5 trillion to the debt over the
next decade. And the president wants to eliminate the very budget caps
his administration proposed and he signed into law in 2011.
Instead of addressing our debt and deficit problems, the proposal is a
list of the president's political priorities that will keep our nation's
balance sheet firmly in the red. President Obama likes to talk about
his veto pen and with the release of this budget, we can only conclude
that he writes with red ink.
This was a golden opportunity to move forward and work together.
Unfortunately, this will go down as a missed opportunity to address our
debt and deficit problems. It is imperative that we do so.
_____
Anthem Cyber Attack
Click here
or on the image above to watch me discuss cybersecurity with WHAS.
Hoosiers learned this week that Indianapolis-based Anthem Inc., the
second largest health insurer in the nation, experienced a cyber
attack. According to news reports, hackers gained access to up to 80
million records that included Social Security numbers, birthdays,
addresses, email and employment information and income data.
My immediate concern is for those in Indiana and across the country who
have been impacted by this cyber attack. This is another reminder that
the cybersecurity threat to America's infrastructure is the number one
national security risk our country faces. Protecting Americans from
cyber attacks should not be a partisan issue. As a member of the Senate
Intelligence Committee, I am fully aware of the threat cyber attacks
pose and believe it is imperative that policymakers break down the
barriers to information sharing that limit cyber defenses.
I have been fully engaged in efforts to pass legislation that strikes
the right balance between strengthening security and respecting the
privacy rights of Americans. Neither industry nor government alone can
broadly improve our nation's cybersecurity, and Congress must renew its
commitment to address the wide range of issues posed by cyber threats
through targeted legislation.
Anthem has encouraged Hoosiers with questions about the attack to visit
this website: http://www.anthemfacts.com/
Coats in the News
Coats: Repeal Tax on Medical Devices
Coats: Where's Obama's ISIS strategy?
Republicans: Obama budget 'laughable'
Verbatim: Coats supports Obamacare Repeal Bill
Health insurance giant Anthem hit with major data breach
_____
Stay Connected
_____
Coats in Washington
I enjoyed meeting with Secretary of Defense nominee Dr. Ash Carter.
I discussed HIP 2.0 with Gov. Pence this week.To see my remarks about
HIP 2.0, click here
.
I met with leaders from independent colleges in Indiana.
_____
To unsubscribe please
Click Here
Contact Me
Latest News
A message
from Senator Dan Coats
Dear
Friend,
Thank you for signing up to receive my email
newsletter. These newsletters will cover a variety of topics,
including
events happening in Indiana, legislation being
considered
in Congress, and my perspective on current issues.
My
hope is to keep you updated and informed on how issues in Washington may impact Hoosiers. I welcome your
feedback.
Thanks for reading,
Dan Coats
Obama Budget the Wrong Call
On Monday, President Obama submitted his annual budget proposal to Congress for our consideration.
As anyone familiar with federal budgets knows, the budget is a list of priorities, a wish list for the
administration. Given our country&#8217;s enormous financial challenges and the results of the 2014 midterm
election, there was hope that the release of this budget would be an opportunity for President Obama
to work with Congress.
But much like the Seattle Seahawks at the one yard line, the president failed to make the right call.
In this case, the right call would have been a plan that
addresses our skyrocketing mandatory
spending burden, reforms our outdated tax code and promotes pro-growth policies. These are basic ideas
Republicans and Democrats agree are in our national interest. These are areas where we can find common
ground.
Rather than pursue consensus on these issues, President Obama proposed $2.1 trillion in tax increases
over a decade. He proposed to spend $3.99 trillion in fiscal year 2016, a 7% increase from 2015 and about
$1 trillion more than the federal government spent in 2008. Additionally, his budget would add $8.5
trillion to the debt over the next decade. And the president wants to eliminate the very budget caps
his administration proposed and he signed into law in 2011.
Instead of addressing our debt and deficit problems, the proposal is a list of the president's political
priorities that will keep our nation&#8217;s balance sheet firmly in the red. President Obama likes to
talk about his veto pen and with the release of this budget, we can only conclude that he writes with
red ink.
This was a golden opportunity to move forward and work together. Unfortunately, this will go down
as a missed opportunity to address our debt and deficit problems. It is imperative that we do so.
Anthem
Cyber Attack
Click
here
or on the image above to watch me discuss
cybersecurity
with WHAS.
Hoosiers learned this week that Indianapolis-based Anthem Inc., the second largest health insurer
in the nation, experienced a cyber attack. According to news reports, hackers gained access to up to
80 million records that included Social Security numbers, birthdays, addresses, email and employment
information and income data.
My immediate concern is for those in Indiana and across the country who have been impacted by
this cyber attack. This is another reminder that the cybersecurity threat to America&#8217;s infrastructure
is the number one national security risk our country faces. Protecting Americans from cyber attacks should
not be a partisan issue. As a member of the Senate Intelligence Committee, I am fully aware of the threat
cyber attacks pose and believe it is imperative that policymakers break down the barriers to information
sharing that limit cyber defenses.
I have been fully engaged in efforts to pass legislation that strikes the right balance between
strengthening security and respecting the privacy rights of Americans. Neither industry nor government
alone can broadly improve our nation&#8217;s cybersecurity, and Congress must renew its commitment to
address the wide range of issues posed by cyber threats through targeted legislation.
Anthem has encouraged Hoosiers with questions about the attack to visit this website:
http://www.anthemfacts.com/
Coats
in the News
Coats:
Repeal Tax on Medical Devices
Coats:
Where's Obama's ISIS strategy?
Republicans:
Obama budget 'laughable'
Verbatim:
Coats supports Obamacare Repeal Bill
Health
insurance giant Anthem hit with major data breach
Stay
Connected
Coats in Washington
I
enjoyed meeting with Secretary of Defense nominee Dr. Ash Carter.
I
discussed HIP 2.0 with Gov. Pence this week.To see my remarks about HIP 2.0, click
here .
I
met with leaders from independent colleges in Indiana.
To
unsubscribe please
Click
Here
Contact
Me Latest
News
