
If you are having
trouble viewing this message or would like to share it on a social
network, you can
view the
message online .
About Lynn
|
Constituent Services
|
Issues
|
Media
Center
|
Legislative Center
|
Georgia's Third District
|
Contact Me
February 15, 2015
Sending the Keystone XL Pipeline
to the Presidents
Desk
Wednesday, the House passed S. 1, the Keystone XL Pipeline
Approval Act. The bill immediately authorizes the construction and
operation of the Keystone XL Pipeline, which has been stalled by the Obama
administration for over six years. I strongly supported this
bill.
I came to Washington to improve our
economy and get Americans back to work; the Keystone XL Pipeline will do
just that. President Obamas State Department estimates the Keystone
Pipeline would create up to 42,000 jobs. Thats 42,000 more Americans
being able to put food on their table and rely on a stable paycheck.
The pipeline will boost the economies of the cities along the pipeline
construction and bring life back to struggling communities. The
Keystone Pipeline XL is an opportunity for hard-working Americans and
businesses to get back to work.
It has
been six years since the Keystone Pipeline construction permit was
requested, and the political stalling must end. Its time for the
President to make job creation and American energy production a
priority.
Over 60 percent of Americans
want the President to approve the construction of the Keystone Pipeline
XL. When the bill heads to President Obamas desk today, he has the
opportunity to listen to what the people want, or continue down his
destructive path of acting alone. I encourage President Obama to put
politics aside and sign this jobs bill into
law.
S. 1, the Keystone XL Pipeline Approval Act is similar to
the bill the U.S. House of Representatives passed in January of this
year, H.R. 3, the Keystone Pipeline Act.
Share on Facebook
Share on Twitter
Westmoreland
on US Embassy Evacuation in
Yemen
On Wednesday, the United States Embassy in Sanaa,
Yemen was evacuated due to escalating Houthis violence in the region
that was deemed unsafe for Embassy
personnel.
The evacuation of the US Embassy in Yemen shows that the
Iranian-backed Houthis regime is aggressively and dangerously spreading
throughout the Middle East. The Houthis coup is a direct threat to the
counterterrorism efforts of the US and potentially to our national
security. Just this past September, President Obama was touting Yemen as
one of his foreign policy success stories
showing the need for
President Obama to get a tighter grasp on his foreign policy plans as the
unrest in the Middle East evolves. We must remain vigilant in our
efforts to defeat terrorism in the Arabian Peninsula, and in addition,
remain focused on eliminating ISIS.
Share on
Facebook
Share on Twitter
Join the Conversation
Tell a Friend
E-mail:
In Other News
VIDEO: Westmoreland Questions
HUDs Castro at FSC Hearing
On Wednesday, February
11th the House Financial Services Committee held a hearing entitled The
Future of Housing in America: Oversight of the Federal Housing
Administration...
Capitol Corner:
Giving Our Farmers a Helping Hand
As the deadline
for filing taxes is approaching, the debate over our tax system has
resurfaced across America. There is little tax stability when it comes to
our current code, especially for business owners and farmers who are
trying to run a profitable business...
Fox News: Small business owners forced to battle IRS over
seized bank accounts
Andrew Clyde, a Navy
veteran who served in Iraq, started his small firearms store in Athens,
Ga., in the 1990s. Over the years, he watched his business
grow
The New York Times: Congress
Acts on Veteran Suicides
Republicans and
Democrats in Congress have found something meaningful they can agree about:
strengthening the nations response to the tragic wave of veteran
suicides...
WASHINGTON, DC
OFFICE 2202 Rayburn House Office Bldg Washington, DC
20515 Phone (202) 225-5901 Fax (202) 225-2515
THIRD DISTRICT OFFICE
1601-B East Highway 34 Newnan, Georgia 30265 Phone (770)
683-2033 Fax (770) 683-2042
Unsubscribe
|
Update My Profile
|
Privacy Policy
