
March 3, 2015
Why I Voted Against the DHS Funding Bill
Dear Neighbor:
I kept my word today
by voting against the Senates Department of Homeland Security (DHS) appropriations bill.
The Senate bill fully funds DHS through September 30 without any of the House-passed prohibitions which would have blocked President Barack Obamas unconstitutional executive amnesty.
Unfortunately, the wide open Senate DHS funding bill passed, and President Obama will happily sign it into law.
The good news is that
a Federal District Court in South Texas has ruled that the President's executive amnesty is illegal and the judge has blocked every aspect of it.
So far, the Obama Administration is obeying the judge's order and has suspended any further implementation of the amnesty.
The Administration is appealing the judge's decision to the Fifth Circuit Court of Appeals, and knowledgeable observers expect the Fifth Circuit to uphold the district court's decision that the amnesty is illegal.
This will help tremendously.
We expect the Fifth Circuit ruling within the next few weeks,
which is why I voted last Friday to wait a week to three weeks to give the courts time to act
and to give a conference committee time to act.
I also voted for the House DHS funding bill in January because it completely blocked the President's illegal amnesty with amendments which I co-authored.
A conference committee is the proper Constitutional way to work out differences between House and Senate bills, but the Senate Democrat minority blocked every attempt by the new Republican majority to go to conference.
Fortunately, the federal courts have stopped President Obama's illegal amnesty. I will not rest until his unconstitutional amnesty for illegal aliens is stopped, his ammo ban is blocked, the IRS is held accountable, and Obamacare is fully repealed and defunded.
Thank you for entrusting me with the privilege of representing you in the United States Congress.
Sincerely,
John Culberson
Tell a Friend
Forward this email
to a friend.
E-mail Updates
Yes, please periodically
send me e-mail updates.
Multimedia
To view the latest video of Congressman Culberson,
click here .
NOTE: Please DO NOT respond to this email as this inbox is unattended. To contact my office please
click here
UNSUBSCRIBE
|
PRIVACY POLICY
|
CONTACT US
Click Here Click Here