
Mail begin
If you are having trouble viewing this message or would
like to share it on a social network, you can
view the message online .
HTML
Tweet of the Week
|
Statements
&amp; Speeches
|
Week in Photos
Tweet of the
Week
Videos of the
Week
On The House Floor,
Ros-Lehtinen Reaffirms Her Support For Those Whose Lives Are Affected By
Eating Disorders
Ros-Lehtinen Honors The Memory Of The Brothers To The Rescue
Pilots Killed By The Castro
Regime
At House Foreign Affairs Hearing, Ros-Lehtinen
Questions Secretary Kerry About Iran's Covert Nuclear
Sites
How Many Must Die Before
The Venezuela Sanctions Law Is Fully Implemented, Asks
Ros-Lehtinen
Ros-Lehtinen:
Is Our Money Paying For The Palestinian Authority's Court-Ordered
Terror Penalties?
Irans Human Rights Practices Are Among The Worst
In The World ,
Says Ros-Lehtinen
(Washington, DC)
U.S.
Rep. Ileana Ros-Lehtinen (R-FL), delivered the following remarks today at
an Africa, Global Health, Global Human Rights, and International
Organizations and Middle East and North Africa joint subcommittee hearing
entitled, The Shame of Iranian Human Rights.:
Mr.
Chairman, the Iranian regime uses repressive tactics every day to instill
fear in the Iranian people. Irans human rights practices are among
the worst in the world. But in its desperation to secure a nuclear
deal, the Administration has, I believe, ignored the many other concerns
we have with the Iranian regime. This serves as another example of a
policy to look the other way on human rights violations as part of any
negotiation.
( Link to
release )
Ros-Lehtinen: Cuba Poses A Clear And Present Danger To The
United States
The Presidents new
policies provide an injection of new money to the regime
millions of
dollars. And this new money will go straight into the pockets of the
Castro brothers and the Cuban military which owns a majority and operates
the tourist industry in Cuba. of Cubas tourism industry. With this
new infusion of capital, the Cubans will be able to provide more
resources towards their espionage activities directed at us. And what will
they do with the intelligence that they gather? They will sell it to our
enemies
to the highest bidder on the black market. These are just
some of the reasons Mr. Chairman of why Cuba does pose a national
security threat to the U.S. and why it should remain on the State sponsor
of Terrorism list.
( Link to
release )
On 19th Year Anniversary of Brothers to the
Rescue Shootdown, Ros-Lehtinen, Diaz-Balart and Curbelo Send Letter
to Attorney General Asking That Members of the Cuban Regime Responsible
For Murdering Four Americans Be Brought To
Justice
Today marks the 19th anniversary of the murder of three
U.S. citizens, Carlos Costa, Armando Alejandre, Mario de la Pea, and
one U.S. resident, Pablo Morales. The surviving families of those
Brothers to the Rescue pilots deserve justice, and the United States
government must pursue all avenues to bring to the U.S. any Cuban regime
member responsible for the murder of these men. I believe that the
Administration made a grave mistake in sending Gerardo Hernandez and the
other convicted Cuban spies back to Cuba. It is quite an insult that on
the week commemorating the anniversary of the shoot-down, the State
Department will roll out the red carpet to Cuban officials who represent
the murderous regime that killed Carlos, Armando, Mario, and
Pablo .
( Link to release )
The PA Courts a Loss in Foreign Aid
Florida
Representative Ileana Ros-Lehtinen, who is the head of the Houses
Middle East and North Africa Subcommittee, said Congress should
block funds to the PA and to any UN entity that recognizes a non-existent
State of Palestine to make it clear to [Abbas] that there will be
consequences to his schemes at the United Nations and other international
organizations like the International Criminal Court .
Ros-Lehtinen, along with twelve fellow members of the House Committee on Foreign
Affairs, signed a letter to Kerry, urging the same response as the
Rubio-Gillibrand letter emphasizing,
The actions of the PA have
greatly aggravated the already fragile political environment in the
region. The United States must make it clear that the only path to a
Palestinian state is through direct negotiations .
( The Weekly Standard )
Ileana Ros-Lehtinen
Asks John Kerry To Get Tough On
Venezuela
Ros-Lehtinen held a photo of a 14-year-old Kluiverth Roa lying in a pool
of blood, as his backpack was hanging over his shoulder. A graphic
video showing a man frantically trying to staunch the bleeding and others
screaming and clutching their heads in horror rocketed around social
media in South Florida.
" We in Congress, we passed the
sanctions law to punish such acts, but you have not fully implemented
our law ... people are dying in Venezuela," Ros-Lehtinen said. She also
had question: "How many more must die before the Venezuela sanctions
are fully implemented? "
( Channel 10
News )
U.S., Cuba Talks on Normalizing Relations to
Resume Friday
Congressional critics have
cited continued arrests by the Castro regime ahead of the talks, including
of a Cuban dissident who testified in Congress and was arrested upon
her return to Havana.
Rep. Ileana Ros-Lehtinen, (R.,
Fla.) said Wednesday that
of all the bad deals that weve seenisnt
this Cuba deal the weakest one yet?
( Wall Street Journal )
Week in Photos
Representative Ros-Lehtinen
welcomed her 2015 Air Force Academy nominee and other members of the
Florida Civil Air Patrol to her Washington office. They discussed the
Patrol's search and rescue operations and how their mentorship programs
have impacted the lives of young men and women in South
Florida
Tell a Friend
E-mail:
E-mail:
E-mail:
Share on Twitter Share on Facebook Share on
Digg Share on
LinkedIn
Washington, DC Office
2206 Rayburn HOB |
Washington, DC 20515
Phone: (202) 225-3931 | Fax: (202)
225-5620
Miami Office
4960 SW 72 Ave, Suite 208 |
Miami, FL 33155
Phone: (305) 668-2285 |
Fax:
(305) 668-5970
Unsubscribe
|
Update My Profile
gateway mail end
