
Having trouble reading this email?
Click here
to view in your browser.
Standing with Israel
On March 3, Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu is scheduled to address a joint session of Congress. I was proud Speaker Boehner invited Mr. Netanyahu to address Congress, and I look forward to hearing his remarks, particularly with regard to the ongoing situation with Iran. Unfortunately, President Obama has refused to meet with Netanyahu while hes in the United States.
The Obama administration and other world leaders have been negotiating with Iran over its nuclear program without much success. Last year, when an agreement could not be reached, negotiators extended the deadline for a framework agreement to March 1, with the goal of finalizing the agreement by July 1. I have grave concerns that, by continuing to extend these negotiations, we are only giving Iran more time to further plan and build its nuclear capabilities. The president himself has acknowledged the seriousness of this issue time and time again, and I think its time for the president to stand firm. A nuclear Iran isnt just a threat to Israelits a serious threat to the United States and the rest of the world.
This is why Ive supported stronger sanctions on Iran. Last Congress I cosponsored and voted in support of H.R. 850, the Nuclear Iran Prevention Act. This bill would have broadened economic sanctions in Iran, targeted human rights violators and increased oversight and implementation of the current sanctions on Iran. The bill would have also made it clear that the United States is committed to prevent Iran from acquiring nuclear weapons capability. The president spoke out against increased sanctions in his State of the Union address, warning it could ruin the ongoing negotiations. Additionally, solidifying the White Houses hard stance against more sanctions on Iran, the president threatened to veto a bipartisan, widely-supported sanctions bill that was negotiated in the Senate earlier this year.
The United States has a strong ally in Israel, and its imperative we do everything we can to stand with them to against a nuclear Iran. While it is no secret that President Obama has a different approach to these negotiations, I was extremely disappointed to see the president has refused to meet with Mr. Netanyahu while hes in Washington. The president cited concerns about influencing the upcoming Israeli elections and asked to push back the joint session, but the prime minister was already scheduled to be in Washington to address the American Israel Public Affairs Committee. I believe refusing a meeting is a mistake on the presidents part, and I strongly support Speaker Boehners invitation to host the prime minister. This is why this month I joined several of my colleagues to write the speaker to reaffirm our support for Israel and thank him for inviting Prime Minister Netanyahu to address both the House and Senate.
The United States has a long tradition of standing with Israel, and I will continue to support this relationship. I also have serious concerns about a nuclear Iran, and I am confident Prime Minister Netanyahus timely address will provide Congress with additional information and insight regarding the ongoing negotiations and the best steps forward. We must carefully consider all sides of this issue, and I think it would be foolish to ignore the input of one of our strongest allies.
Feel free to contact my office if we can be of assistance to you or your family. Our contact information can be found on our website,
www.roe.house.gov .
CONNECT WITH US
E-News Sign-up
Forward to a Friend
Contact Phil
Washington, DC Office
407 Cannon House Office Bldg
Washington, DC 20515
Phone: (202) 225-6356
Fax: (202) 225-5714
Kingsport Office
PO Box 1728
Kingsport, TN 37662
Phone: (423) 247-8161
Fax: (423) 247-0119
Morristown Office
1609 College Park Drive, Suite 4
Morristown, TN 37813
Phone: (423) 254-1400
Fax: (423) 254-1403
Click Here Click Here