
If you are having trouble
viewing this message or would like to share it on a social network, you can
view the message
online .
Website
News
Center
Constituent
Services
Issues
About the District
About Me
Contact Us
February 03, 2015
Rep. Lipinski Announces Service Academy
Nominees
Congressman Dan Lipinski (IL-3) announced that he
is nominating 22 students from the 3rd Congressional District for
admission to the U.S. Service Academies for the entering classes of
2015.
The nominees were recognized by Rep. Lipinski for their
achievement at a ceremony on Saturday at the Johnson-Phelps VFW Post 5220 in
Oak Lawn.
"One of the duties of this office that I cherish the most is the
honor to nominate young men and women for our nation's prestigious
Service Academies," said Rep. Lipinski.
"Every year, applications
pour into my offices from the districts best and brightest
students.
The selection of nominees is based upon a strict whole person
evaluation, so just to be nominated to one of our nations Service
Academies is an incredible honor.
I have no doubt that each of these
nominees will make significant contributions wherever life takes
them.
Above all, I am impressed by their unwavering commitment to
serving their community and
country."
The nominees are:
U.S. Air Force Academy
Ryan Kairis, of
Chicago, Marist High School; Andrew Lezon, of Western Springs, Lyons
Township High School; Robert Schaefer, of
La Grange, Fenwick High
School; Charles Schramka, of La Grange, Lyons Township High
School
U.S. Military Academy (West
Point)
Ethan Cook, of Orland Park, Carl Sandburg High School;
Thomas Egan, of Chicago, Whitney Young MagnetHigh School; Ian Murdoch, of
Western Springs, Culver Military
Academy; Zachary Sowatzke, of
Homer Glen, Shepherd High School
Merchant Marine Academy
Jonathan Cline, of Chicago, De La
Salle Institute; Ryan Stowell, of La Grange, St. Johns
NorthwesternMilitary Academy
U.S. Naval
Academy
Alexander Benoit, of Chicago, Marist High School;
Mitchell Ciszewski, of La Grange, Lyons Township High School; Abagail Evans,
of Tinley Park, Victor J. Andrew High School; Thomas Hampston, of
Palos Park, Marist High School; Connor Koehler, of Lemont, Lemont High
School; Peter Parrilli, of Chicago, Brother Rice High School; Jacob Rost,
of Orland Park, Providence Catholic High School; Matthew Sebok, of
Chicago, Brother Rice High School; Jakob Swenson, of Homer Glen,
Providence Catholic High School; Amanda Walsh, of La Grange, IL Mathematics
and Science Academy; Carl Weydeman, of Chicago, St. Rita High School;
Kristen Young, of La Grange, Lyons Township High
School
The admissions departments of the Academies
make the final decision on acceptance.
Read
more about some of the students who were nominated in the
SouthtownStar .
Rep. Lipinski Receives Humanitarian Award
Congressman Dan Lipinski (IL-3) recently
received the Bridgeview Lions Clubs Humanitarian Award.
The award was
given out as part of the organizations Appreciation Awards Ceremony
at the Bridgeview Community Center.
"This award is a high honor for me," said
Rep Lipinski.
"Since its inception, the Bridgeview Lions Club
has always been a shining example of the power of community service.
Their dedication to the hard-working residents of Bridgeview, Justice,
and the surrounding area is to be commended.
America is the
greatest nation in the world because Americans are willing to step forward
and make their communities and their nation better.
While I have
an important role working in government to represent and help others,
we need organizations like the Lions Club and all the individuals who
make it work, like Lions Club Past District Governor Ray Jachim and
Bridgeview Lions Club President Scott
McCauley."
The Bridgeview Lions Club was chartered
in 1975, and will celebrate its 40th Anniversary on May 6th of this
year.
Rep. Lipinski Recognizes and Celebrates
National
Catholic Schools Week
Congressman Dan Lipinski
(IL-3), a proud graduate of Chicagos St. Symphorosa Grammar School and
St. Ignatius College Prep, introduced a resolution in the House last
week honoring National Catholic Schools Week and highlighting the
contributions to our country made by America's Catholic
schools.
National Catholic Schools Week is the annual
celebration of Catholic education in the United States.
This years theme
was Catholic Schools: Communities of Faith, Knowledge, and
Service.
"I really appreciate what a blessing it was to be educated in Catholic
schools," said Rep. Lipinski.
"By always emphasizing the
necessity of a well-rounded educational experience and instilling the values
of giving back to the community and helping others, America's Catholic
schools produce graduates that have the skills and strength of
character needed by our businesses, governments, and communities.
My
own desire to serve was fostered by dedicated teachers throughout my
years at Catholic schools.
In recognizing Catholic Schools Week,
we honor the teachers and administrators who sacrifice so much, in most
cases working for less than they could earn elsewhere.
Many of
my favorite memories are of teachers, including many nuns, who taught
me the values of faith and service, along with giving me a great
education."
Lipinski
celebrated Catholic Schools Week by visiting several schools in the
district, including St. Cletus in La Grange (pictured above left), St.
John Fisher School in Chicago (pictured above right), and Our Lady of
the Ridge in Chicago Ridge.
Washington, D.C. Office
2346 Rayburn
H.O.B.
Washington, DC 20515
P (202) 225 - 5701 |
P (866) 822 -
5701
F (202) 225 - 1012
Chicago Office
6245 South Archer Avenue
Chicago, IL 60638
P (312) 886 - 0481
F (773) 767 - 9395
Oak Lawn Office
5309 West 95th Street
Oak Lawn, IL 60453
P (708) 424 - 0853
F (708) 424 - 1855
Lockport Office
Central Square Building
222 E. 9th Street #109
Lockport, IL 60441
P (815) 838-1990
F (815)
838-1993
Orland Park Office
Orland
Park Village Hall
14700 S. Ravinia Avenue
Orland Park, IL
60462
P (708) 403-4379
F (708) 403-5963
Unsubscribe
|
Update My Profile
|
Privacy Policy
