DOCTYPE html
February 15, 2015
Congressman McHenry Weekly Update
Sending Keystone Pipeline to President's Desk
On Wednesday the House passed
S. 1, the Keystone XL Pipeline Approval Act .
This legislation was the Senate-passed bill to approve the Keystone Pipeline which is estimated to create thousands of jobs in the United States and further enhance our nation's energy security.
In passing the bill, the Senate voted on over 40 amendments and final passage enjoyed bipartisan support both in the Senate and then again Wednesday in the House as 29 Democrats supported passage of the bill.
This bipartisan Congressional support is in addition to the vast public support the project enjoys from the American people and labor unions.
And yet President Obama has threatened to veto this bipartisan infrastructure project.
After Wednesday's vote, I released
this statement imploring President Obama to reconsider his veto threat .
Additionally the video below, which can be viewed by clicking the image, highlights past occasions when Mr. Obama pledged to work across the aisle.
Mr. President, signing this bipartisan infrastructure and jobs bill into law would be a great first step to fulfill that commitment.
2015 Congressional Art Competition Begins
Every year since 1982, all 435 Congressional districts have held individual competitions within their district to find great young artists among local high school students.
This year that tradition will continue as
I recently announced the details of this year's competition .
Full details on the competition-- including guidelines on the size of art, type of art, and deadlines for submission-- can be found
here .
I encourage young artists from across the 10th District to consider participating.
If you know someone who might be interested, please forward this email along to them.
Proud to Support
In addition to approving the Keystone XL pipeline the House passed two bills to help reduce the tax burden on small businesses and individuals.
The first was
H.R. 636, America's Small Business Tax Relief Act .
This bill makes permanent a portion of our tax code allowing small businesses to deduct expenses used to purchase new equipment and makes it easier for small businesses to raise capital without tax penalties.
Estimates show the policies included in this bill could create as many as 200,000 jobs and increase economic output by nearly $20 billion.
The second bill passed with bipartisan support was
H.R. 644, the Fighting Hunger Incentive Act .
This legislation permanently extends a number of tax breaks and incentives including those encouraging businesses to donate excess inventory to local food banks and encouraging ranchers to set aside land for conservation.
Both of these bills passed with wide bipartisan support but regrettably President Obama has threatened vetoes for each.
I sincerely hope Mr. Obama rethinks these veto threats and signs these important bills reducing Washington's burden on small business.
What I Have Been Reading
Legendary UNC coach Dean Smith dies at 83
Raleigh News and Observer
A week ago today I was saddened to learn of the passing of former UNC basketball coach Dean Smith.
Although originally from Kansas, few are more closely associated with our state than Coach Smith.
He was a tremendous coach and mentor to countless UNC players but also was a leading figure in efforts to integrate college athletics.
He was a giant in our state and the basketball community who will be missed.
Army decides Fort Hood victims will receive Purple Heart
Fox News
Late last week the U.S. Army announced victims of the 2009 terrorist shooting at Fort Hood, Texas would receive the Purple Heart.
Although I have significant concerns on why it took six years for the Army to make this decision, I applaud the Army's move.
These victims were killed or injured at the hands of a radical Islamist who has since sworn allegiance to ISIS and they certainly deserve the Purple Heart recognition.
McHenry eyes bill update: U.S. representative proposes doubling dependent care FSA cap
Hickory Daily Record
After
introducing H.R. 750, the Family Care Savings Act
last week, I spoke with the
Hickory Daily Record's
Frank Bumb to discuss the legislation, what it aims to achieve, and my thoughts on its possibility of advancing through the House and being signed into law.
WASHINGTON, D.C. OFFICE
2334 Rayburn HOB
Washington, D.C. 20515
Telephone: 202.225.2576
Fax: 202.225.0316
HICKORY DISTRICT OFFICE
87 4th St. NW, Ste A, PO Box 1830
Hickory, NC 28603
Telephone: 828.327.6100
Toll-Free in NC: 800.477.2576
Fax: 828.327.8311
GASTONIA DISTRICT OFFICE
Suite 115
Gaston Co. Administrative Bldg
128 West Main Avenue
Gastonia, NC 28053
Telephone: 704.833.0096
BLACK MTN. DISTRICT OFFICE
160 Midland Avenue
Black Mountain, NC 28711
Telephone: 828.669.0600
Click Here Click Here