
Babin Bulletin | March 15, 2015
Click here
if you have trouble viewing this email
Do you want the federal government to regulate the Internet?
The federal government continues to saddle the American people with a mountain of expensive and ineffective government regulations. Now the unelected bureaucrats at the Federal Communications Commission (FCC) have approved new Internet regulations that give themselves greater authority to regulate the Internet. I believe this amounts to a federal intervention that will only cost consumers more, curb our freedoms and slow innovation.
Please click
HERE
to take our survey and let me know what you think.
Do you support the FCCs new regulations over the Internet?
( _ )
Yes
(_)
No
(_)
Need more information
**REMINDER**
Calling All High School Artists:
Congressional Art Competition
We've officially kicked off our 2015 Congressional Art Competition. This year's theme will be Human Spaceflight. A full list of instructions and rules can be found by clicking
HERE . The winning artist receives a round-trip flight to Washington to see their artwork displayed in the U.S. Capitol, where it will be on display for one year. The first and second runners up will be put on display in our Washington and Texas offices, respectively.
If you have any questions, please contact Beverly Ferguson on our staff at (832) 780-0966.
Silsbee Town Hall Meeting
This past Tuesday we held a town hall meeting at Silsbee High School to provide area residents with an update on what is going on in Washington, and the opportunity to ask questions. Our staff was also on hand to help constituents with issues they have with federal agencies. We will be holding similar town hall meetings across the district, so please stay tuned for future updates. Your input is critical to helping me better represent our Texas values in Congress. Additional pictures from the event can be found by clicking
HERE .
Babin Surveys Houston Ship
Channel Collision
I personally surveyed the damage and response surrounding the Houston Ship Channel collision, which occurred Monday in our Congressional District.
We were provided an aerial survey and briefing by U.S. Coast Guard Capt. Brian Penoyer, who is overseeing the response. Since this unfortunate incident occurred, we have been in close contact with the Port of Houston, our local mayors, and the U.S. Coast Guard. Due to the great work of the U.S. Coast Guard and the entire response team, the ship channel was reopened on Thursday.
Obama Withdraws Ammo Ban:
Your Voice Was Heard
Due to strong opposition from Congress and the American people, the Obama Adminsitration's Bureau of Alcohol, Tobacco and Firearms (ATF) has withdrawn its proposed regulation to ban the manufacturing and sale of M855 green tip ammunition, which is commonly used for hunting and target shooting. As a responsible gun owner, I thought this was a direct attack on our Second Amendment rights and quickly
joined 239 of my colleagues in Congress calling on the ATF to abandon the initiative .
I also co-sponsored H.R. 1180, which would prohibit the ATF, or any other federal agency, from issuing or enforcing any such regulation.
While this was an important victory, we must remain committed to rejecting all efforts to restrict the Second Amendment rights of law-abiding American citizens.
Houston Transportation Roundtable with Chairman Shuster
I was pleased to welcome House Transportation and Infrastructure Committee Chairman Bill Shuster to Houston this past week to hear firsthand about Texas' transportation challenges with highways, ports, rails and pipelines. The discussion, which included other area Congressman and local transportation stakeholders, focused on Houstons role in ensuring America remains economically competitive in the 21st century.
Babin in the News
Babin: Restoring the Rule of Law
(The Orange Leader)
Babin pushes for wider, deeper ship channel
(The Baytown Sun)
Traffic may get worse unless there are changes
(ABC13)
Strengthening infrastructure will brighten economic future of Houston and U.S.
(Your Houston News)
House Transportation &amp; Infrastructure Roundtable
(Guidry News)
Snap-shots from the District
Congressman Babin discuses constituent services while having breakfast at the Courthouse Whistle Stop in Livingston with Phillip Smith and store owner Eddie Martin.
Congressman Babin visits the Cleveland DaVita Dialysis Center to meet with patients and staff to learn more about dialysis care and the impact this disease is having here in Texas.
Forward to a Friend
|
Share on Facebook
|
Share on Twitter
UPDATE SUBSCRIPTION OPTIONS
|
PRIVACY POLICY
|
CONTACT US
Click Here Click Here