
Dear Friend,
Thank you for signing up to receive my email newsletter. These
newsletters will cover a variety of topics, including events happening
in Indiana, legislation being considered in Congress, and my
perspective on current issues. My hope is to keep you updated and
informed on how issues in Washington may impact Hoosiers. I welcome
your feedback.
Thanks for reading,
Dan Coats
_____
New Defense Secretary
I recently voted for Dr. Ashton Carter as our nation's 25th secretary
of defense. The Senate overwhelmingly confirmed Dr. Carter, and he now
takes over this demanding role at an extremely important time.
Dr. Carter understands the inner workings of the Pentagon, and the
White House should capitalize on his vast experience and
highly-respected credentials. There are many pressing national security
issues facing our country - ISIS, Iran, North Korea, Russia's
aggression in Ukraine, global and domestic terrorist threats and cyber
warfare - that demand our immediate attention. I have worked personally
with Dr. Carter on the Iranian nuclear issue and know he has a vast
wealth of knowledge that is needed and timely.
In order for Dr. Carter's experience and insight to be of value, his
advice must be heeded. With something as vital and complex as our
national security and defense policy, I encourage the president to
listen to more than a small cadre of staff inside the White House. Now
that the Senate has confirmed Dr. Carter, my hope is that the new
secretary will put forth a candid assessment of the serious issues we
face and that the president would pay attention.
_____
Opposing Medicare Advantage Cuts
When seniors search for health insurance, they have the option to
enroll in traditional, government-run Medicare or an alternative,
private option called Medicare Advantage. Sixteen million seniors have
chosen Medicare Advantage plans, and most say they like their coverage.
Medicare Advantage plans offer seniors additional benefits - such as
dental, vision, hearing and wellness - or require smaller co-payments
or deductibles than Medicare.
This week I joined a bipartisan group of 53 senators to send a letter
to Marilyn Tavenner, Administrator of the Centers for Medicare and
Medicaid Services, urging the agency to avoid making cuts to Medicare
Advantage plans. In our letter, we wrote that "regulatory policy
changes that affect the program's funding, year after year, are
creating disruption and confusion among beneficiaries who are looking
for consistency and predictability and can damage a program that offers
value for beneficiaries. We ask that you carefully consider how
beneficiaries would be impacted by further cuts to the MA program."
The full letter can be accessed here
.
Coats in the News
Coats warns of Web
threat you don't see
Hacked off, and fighting back, at hackers
Coats Statement on President's Economic Report
Senator Coats sending staff member to Linton
Coats: Do Not Diminish Our Counterterrorism Capabilities
_____
Stay Connected
_____
To unsubscribe please
Click Here
Contact Me
Latest News
A message
from Senator Dan Coats
Dear
Friend,
Thank you for signing up to receive my email
newsletter. These newsletters will cover a variety of topics,
including
events happening in Indiana, legislation being
considered
in Congress, and my perspective on current issues.
My
hope is to keep you updated and informed on how issues in Washington may impact Hoosiers. I welcome your
feedback.
Thanks for reading,
Dan Coats
New
Defense Secretary
I recently voted for Dr. Ashton Carter as our nation&#8217;s 25th secretary of defense. The Senate
overwhelmingly confirmed Dr. Carter, and he now takes over this demanding role at an extremely important
time.
Dr. Carter understands the inner workings of the Pentagon, and the White House should capitalize
on his vast experience and highly-respected credentials. There are many pressing national security issues
facing our country &#8212; ISIS, Iran, North Korea, Russia&#8217;s aggression in Ukraine, global and
domestic terrorist threats and cyber warfare &#8212; that demand our immediate attention. I have worked
personally with Dr. Carter on the Iranian nuclear issue and know he has a vast wealth of knowledge that
is needed and timely.
In order for Dr. Carter&#8217;s experience and insight to be of value, his advice must
be heeded. With something as vital and complex as our national security and defense policy, I encourage
the president to listen to more than a small cadre of staff inside the White House. Now that the Senate
has confirmed Dr. Carter, my hope is that the new secretary will put forth a candid assessment of the
serious issues we face and that the president would pay attention.
Opposing
Medicare Advantage Cuts
When seniors search for health insurance, they have the
option to enroll in traditional, government-run Medicare or an alternative, private option called Medicare
Advantage. Sixteen million seniors have chosen Medicare Advantage plans, and most say they like
their coverage. Medicare Advantage plans offer seniors additional benefits &#8211; such as dental, vision,
hearing and wellness &#8211; or require smaller co-payments or deductibles than Medicare.
This week I joined a bipartisan group of 53 senators to
send a letter to Marilyn Tavenner, Administrator of the Centers for Medicare and Medicaid Services, urging
the agency to avoid making cuts to Medicare Advantage plans. In our letter, we wrote that &#8220;regulatory
policy changes that affect the program's funding, year after year, are creating disruption and confusion
among beneficiaries who are looking for consistency and predictability and can damage a program that
offers value for beneficiaries. We ask that you carefully consider how beneficiaries would be impacted
by further cuts to the MA program.&#8221;
The full letter can be accessed
here .
Coats
in the News
Coats
warns of Web threat you don't see
Hacked
off, and fighting back, at hackers
Coats
Statement on President&#8217;s Economic Report
Senator
Coats sending staff member to Linton
Coats:
Do Not Diminish Our Counterterrorism Capabilities
Stay
Connected
To
unsubscribe please
Click
Here
Contact
Me Latest
News
