
Hey David -- Thanks for reading the February 20 edition of
Democratic Insider: Top News for Our Top Supporters.
I&rsquo;m Preston Elliott, the Deputy Executive Director here at the DSCC. I work with Democratic Senate campaigns to make sure they have what they need to win.
From what I&rsquo;ve seen so far, we&rsquo;re starting off this election cycle in a good place. We have a favorable Senate map (check it out below) and are recruiting some great candidates.
But our victory is FAR from a sure thing. The Republicans are going to throw everything they have at us, including gobs of money.
They just took over the majority and they&rsquo;re not going to let it go easily.
So we&rsquo;re going to need Democrats to stand with us and give it their all. It&rsquo;s not going to be an easy fight. But I&rsquo;m looking forward to working with you to make it a fierce one.
In the meantime, could you do me a favor and sign the petition in our Action Center below?
The GOP is threatening a partial government shutdown (ugh) and we need Democrats to stand up to them.
Thanks,
Preston Elliott
DSCC Deputy Executive Director
2016 Senate Update
Democrats have a great chance to reclaim the Senate majority in 2016.
Why? It&rsquo;s simple math:
The Senate map favors Democrats.
Republicans are defending 24 seats in 2016, while Democrats are defending only 10.
Many Republican senators are very vulnerable.
Republicans will be defending seats in seven states that President Obama won in both 2008 and 2012.
Democrats must win just four of these seven to take back the Senate!
The 2016 electorate skews Democratic.
Since there will be a strong Democratic presidential candidate at the top of the Democratic ticket, groups that tend to vote Democrat will turn out in higher numbers.
How will we win? With all hands on deck. We need to go on the attack early, rally every grassroots supporter, and hold the Republicans accountable for everything they do.
We can only do it with you on board.
Action Center
Republicans are threatening to shut down the Department of Homeland Security -- just because they disagree with President Obama&rsquo;s actions on immigration! (Yeah, we don&rsquo;t see the connection either.) It&rsquo;s ridiculous and dangerous.
Sign our petition to tell them to stop the shutdown!
Matchup of the Week: Missouri
It&rsquo;s official: Democrat Jason Kander just announced that he&rsquo;s running for Senate from Missouri!
Jason Kander , Democrat
Roy Blunt , Republican
Currently Missouri&rsquo;s Secretary of State (the youngest ever)
Has been in Congress for nearly 20 years and in politics for over 40
History of bipartisan cooperation, cutting through red tape, fighting for clean elections and voting rights
History of extreme partisanship, including attacks on President Obama&rsquo;s immigration actions
U.S. Army veteran, served in Afghanistan
Famous for &ldquo;Blunt Amendment&rdquo; to block coverage of birth control under Obamacare
GOP Presidential Merry-Go-Round!
It hasn&rsquo;t been a great week for the potential Republican presidential candidates. As media scrutiny of their proto-campaigns has increased, they haven&rsquo;t been standing up well to the pressure. For example:
Jeb Bush , in an attempt at &ldquo;transparency,&rdquo; accidentally revealed the personal information, including Social Security numbers, of thousands of Floridians who contacted his office during his time as governor.
Scott Walker
refused to answer a reporter&rsquo;s question about whether he believes in&hellip;
evolution . His actual words? &ldquo;I&rsquo;m going to punt on that one.&rdquo; Really, Scott? This is what it&rsquo;s come to?
Marco Rubio
(incidentally one of the GOP&rsquo;s most vulnerable senators) also got some pretty unflattering news:
He was ranked #1 on the list of absentee senators , missing 99 votes since 2011. Seems like he was too busy with other ambitions...
Spotlight on: Senator Barbara Mikulski (Maryland)
Senator Barbara Mikulski is one of the Senate&rsquo;s most senior members and the longest-serving woman in either chamber of Congress.
Originally a social worker and community activist from East Baltimore, Senator Mikulski started her political career on the Baltimore City Council. She was elected to the House of Representatives in 1976 and to the Senate in 1986.
Senator Mikulski takes pride in her numerous leadership roles. As the highest-ranking woman senator, she serves as the unofficial &ldquo;Dean of Women&rdquo; -- a mentor to new female senators of both parties. In 2012, she became chair of the powerful Appropriations Committee, which doles out funding for all federal programs (she now serves as the ranking Democrat). She is also a senior member of the Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions and the Committee on Intelligence.
Since her days in East Baltimore, Senator Mikulski has been a fighter for the people of Maryland -- and she stays true to her roots. She&rsquo;s a big fan of Maryland&rsquo;s most famous food, crabcakes, and you can find her favorite crabcake recipe on her Senate website.
Thanks for reading!
Democratic Senatorial Campaign Committee
P.O. Box 96047
Washington, DC 20090
Paid for by the Democratic Senatorial Campaign Committee, dscc.org,
and not authorized by any candidate or candidate&#39;s committee.
The DSCC is the only organization solely dedicated to supporting Democrats in the U.S. Senate. This message was sent to dj724530@gmail.com because you are a part of the DSCC&rsquo;s grassroots network. Please add us to your address book or approved senders list to make sure you keep receiving DSCC updates.
Emails are a critical way for us to stay in touch with our grassroots supporters. 99% of the DSCC&rsquo;s contributions come from grassroots donors giving less than $200. We also strive to keep you updated on issues related to the Democratic Party&rsquo;s values.
If you&rsquo;d like to stop receiving emails related to this campaign, please
click here .
If you&#39;d like to make a contribution to support us, please
click here . We are already beginning to prepare for the fight ahead &ndash; reclaiming the majority in 2016. It will take every single grassroots supporter, but we know it&rsquo;s possible with your help. If you&rsquo;d like to stop receiving all emails from the DSCC, please
unsubscribe . We greatly appreciate your continued support.
Contributions or gifts to the DSCC are not tax deductible.
