
If you are having trouble viewing this
message or would like to share it on a social network, you can
view the message online .
HOME
CONTACT US
CONSTITUENT SERVICES
ISSUES AND LEGISLATION
March 01, 2015
Helping
Families Send Their Kids to College:
On Wednesday
the House
voted overwhelmingly 401 to 20 and passed
H.R. 529 . I was proud to introduce this legislation to expand,
modernize and improve 529 plans and pleased it passed the House with
such strong bipartisan support.
Families in Kansas and across
America are struggling with rising tuition costs along with an
increasingly competitive jobs market. Helping hard working Americans save
money so they can send they children to the higher education institute of
their choice is simply common-sense, and 529 plans are a great way of
doing exactly that.
This week, we sent a clear message to
all families that Congress supports 529s, will keep them tax-free, and
will work together to strengthen them so parents can secure a better
future for their children. Companion legislation has been introduced
in the Senate and I am hopeful they will quickly pass their bill, so we
can get this commonsense legislation signed into law.
I discussed my bill at the Weekly Republican Press Conference. To
watch,
click here .
I encourage you to read more about how 529 plans can help your
family, and why I introduced this legislation to strengthen them,
my op-ed was published in CNBC this week .
I
also spoke with Gerri Willis and Fox Business
about
the benefits of 529 plans for famliies . The
Associated
Press explained further
just how much
this can help folks everywhere.
Dont Veto Jobs
Its Time to Build the Keystone
Pipeline:
The President chose this week to veto the bipartisan
legislation backed by a clear majority of the country and 63% of Eastern
Kansans in a recent poll taken during my tele-town hall.
The
President has fallen in love with the word no, and unfortunately that
means no to jobs, no to getting rid of bureaucracy and no to
common-sense bottom up solutions that help America create jobs and increase its
energy security.
I was proud
to vote to
approve
the Keystone XL pipeline -
construction is exactly the
sort of project that America needs, and would benefit thousands of
people. I hope that the President reconsiders his position and joins the
rest of the country is supporting building Keystone
XL.
Lets Make College Campuses Safe for
All:
College campuses should be a place for education and learning, not an
environment when students have to walk around worried about assault.
This week,
I introduced bipartisan legislation
to
raise awareness to this issue and combat the problem.
Last
year, I had the opportunity to discuss this bill with students and
faculty at the University of Kansas and listen to their concerns. There is
good work being done there and across the country to address campus
safety, but this bill is an opportunity to greatly improve this
important effort.
Vaccinations Save
Lives:
Meningitis B is a deadly disease occurring in as many as 1500
cases annually, that can often affect young people. Those who dont die
can be left with severe permanent disabilities. Fortunately, preventive
vaccines now exist, but because of the way they are classified, many
students dont know or cant get the chance for
immunization.
This week, I joined three of my colleagues in sending a letter to
Thomas Frieden, the Director for Centers for Disease Control and
Prevention.
It is my hope that the Center will consider a new
recommendation for the disease to ensure that students across America can
receive the safety vaccination they need.
Proud to be a
Friend of the Farmers:
I was delighted to meet
with members of the Kansas Farm Bureau on Tuesday to discuss issues
related to agriculture production in Kansas. We discussed important issues
such as NBAF, the Lesser Prairie Chicken, and over regulation of
family farms and small businesses.
I was also honored to receive the
Friend of Farm Bureau award for the third consecutive Congress.
Agriculture remains part of the heartbeat of the Kansas economy, and I will
continue to tirelessly work to ensure our ag community is supported
and protected.
Supporting Disabled American
Veterans:
It was an honor to meet with a few disabled
veterans from Salina this week. The state of the VA is unacceptable, and
as a nation we must do more to take care of those who fought for our
freedoms.
###
Washington, DC Office
1526 Longworth
HOB
Washington, D.C. 20515
Phone: (202) 225-6601
Fax: (202) 225-7986
Pittsburg
Office
1001 N. Broadway Street
#C
Pittsburg, KS 66762
Phone: (620) 231-LYNN (5966)
Fax: (620) 231-5972
Topeka Office
3550 SW 5th
Street
Topeka, KS 66606
Phone: (785) 234-LYNN (5966)
Fax: (785) 234-5967
Independence Office
120 N. 6th Street
Independence, KS 67301
Phone: (620)
231-LYNN (5966)
Fax: (620) 231-5972
Unsubscribe
|
Update My Profile
|
Privacy
Policy
