
FEB
6
News from Senator Ayotte's Office
Dear Friends,
It was another busy week in the Senate.
On Tuesday, I voted to start debate on the Department of Homeland Security Appropriations Act, which would fund our nation's homeland security programs through September 30, 2015. It also would reverse the president's unilateral actions on immigration - actions that he said more than 20 times he didn't have the authority to take.
This legislation should receive a full debate with opportunities for members of both parties to offer amendments, and I am disappointed that Senate Democrats voted against even allowing debate on this bill. Republicans and Democrats must now work together to find a path forward that ensures continued funding for the Department of Homeland Security and addresses the president's executive actions on immigration.
As you may have seen, earlier this week President Obama released his proposed budget for the 2016 fiscal year. Budgets reflect our nation's priorities, and unfortunately, President Obama's budget proposal sets the wrong ones. Under his plan, by 2021, our country would spend more on paying interest on our national debt than we spend on defending our nation. Instead of spending more money we don't have and burdening our children and grandchildren with more debt, we need a serious, fiscally responsible plan that reduces our skyrocketing debt, cuts wasteful and duplicative spending, prevents reckless cuts to our military, preserves and strengthens our retirement programs, and simplifies our tax code so that businesses in New Hampshire can grow, compete, and create jobs. I am working to advance those priorities as the Senate Budget Committee crafts its own budget resolution.
One way to ensure that Washington ends its spending addiction and saves future generations from being crushed by massive debt is to establish a Balanced Budget Amendment to the Constitution. That's why I am once again cosponsoring legislation calling for a Balanced Budget Amendment, which I believe is one of the most important budget reforms we can pass to reduce federal spending and put our nation on a path to fiscal sustainability.
I was honored to receive a leadership award on Wednesday from the Community Anti-Drug Coalitions of America (CADCA), and I was glad to have the opportunity to thank New Hampshire CADCA members for their outstanding work to build drug-free communities in the Granite State. One of my top priorities in the Senate is working to find effective solutions to help New Hampshire communities prevent drug addiction and improve treatment, particularly in light of our state's heroin and prescription drug abuse epidemics, and I have introduced several bipartisan proposals to support substance abuse prevention efforts, improve treatment, increase support for individuals in recovery, and make sure that law enforcement has the necessary tools to address this crisis.
Read on for more news from the week - including my efforts to protect access to health care for New Hampshire veterans, as well as my ongoing work to permanently reauthorize a key conservation program that helps preserve New Hampshire's outdoor spaces for future generations.
WSJ Op-ed by Senator Ayotte and FCC Commissioner Ajit Pai: Ending Welfare for Telecom Giants
Ending Welfare for Telecom Giants
By Kelly Ayotte and Ajit Pai The Wall Street Journal
February 5, 2015
Should the federal government hand out more than $3 billion from American taxpayers to a Fortune 500 company as part of a program to help small and disadvantaged businesses compete with large corporations? Of course not, but it's about to happen.
First, some background. The Federal Communications Commission is in charge of auctioning a public asset -- the nation's wireless spectrum -- for private-sector use. Last week the FCC finished auctioning spectrum for nearly $45 billion. This spectrum will now be used to deliver high-speed Internet access on mobile devices.
While most bidders put their own money on the line, some of the largest companies in the auction were using billions of taxpayer dollars. How is that possible?
The answer is the FCC's "designated entity" program. In 1993 Congress directed the FCC to give small businesses an opportunity to compete in spectrum auctions against large corporations by providing the small companies with taxpayer-funded bidding credits. The program was supposed to work like this: A small business that lacked pockets deep enough to outbid large, established corporations would get a taxpayer-funded boost to its bid. So if a small business bid, say, $100 for a license, it would pay $75 and a federal subsidy would cover the remaining $25. It was a well-intentioned program to help the Davids compete with Goliaths.
To nobody's surprise, the biggest competitors have figured out a way to game the system. Industry giants are claiming those taxpayer-funded discounts for themselves and using them to outbid smaller, would-be competitors.
Read More
Senate Passes Ayotte-Backed Bipartisan Legislation to Improve Mental Health Care for Veterans
On Tuesday, Senator Ayotte applauded Senate passage of bipartisan legislation she cosponsored to improve mental health care and expand suicide prevention resources for American service members. The Senate voted unanimously to approve the Clay Hunt Suicide Prevention for American Veterans Act, which was reintroduced by Senators John McCain (R-AZ) and Richard Blumenthal (D-CT). It previously passed the House of Representatives unanimously and now goes to the president to be signed into law.
"This legislation takes important steps to help our transitioning veterans get the help they need to prevent tragic suicides," said Senator Ayotte. "This bipartisan effort will improve mental health programs, focus resources on the most successful initiatives, and expand outreach to our brave veterans who have selflessly defended our country, often at great emotional and psychological cost to themselves and their families."
The legislation is named for Clay Hunt, a Marine Corps veteran who tragically committed suicide in March 2011 at the age of 28.
Read More
Protecting the Veterans Choice Card Program
Senators Ayotte and Shaheen wrote a letter to President Obama on Thursday to express their opposition to a provision in the administration's Fiscal Year (FY) 2016 budget that seeks to cut funding from the Veterans Choice Card program. The senators urged the president to faithfully implement the expanded health care options for New Hampshire veterans included in the 2014 bipartisan Veterans Access, Choice, and Accountability Act.
Last year, Shaheen and Ayotte, both members of the Senate Armed Services Committee, worked to include a provision in the VA reform bill that allows New Hampshire veterans the option to seek care from local non-VA healthcare providers in New Hampshire, rather than requiring them to travel long distances to receive VA services out of state. The senators have expressed concerns with VA's initial roll-out of the Choice Card program in New Hampshire, which they said has caused confusion among veterans seeking to use the program.
This week, the senators also introduced bipartisan legislation to protect the Choice Card program for the state's veterans. Under current law, the Choice Card program is authorized for three years or until its $10 billion dollar initial funding allocation is exhausted. Shaheen and Ayotte's new legislation would make the program permanent for veterans living in states without a full service hospital, like New Hampshire.
Read More
Continuing Efforts to Permanently Reauthorize Key Conservation Program
Senator Ayotte joined Senators Richard Burr (R-NC) and Michael Bennet (D-CO) this week in introducing bipartisan legislation to permanently reauthorize the Land and Water Conservation Fund (LWCF), which would fully realize LWCF's promise to conserve parks, open spaces, and wildlife habitat for the benefit of hunting, fishing, and outdoor recreation. Ayotte has helped lead efforts in the Senate to bolster LWCF, which has helped advance public-private efforts to protect thousands of acres in New Hampshire without using taxpayer dollars.
"LWCF has been used to protect thousands of acres of New Hampshire's pristine landscape, which is of utmost importance to our economy and our way of life," said Senator Ayotte. "It's time to permanently reauthorize LWCF so that we can continue to preserve and protect New Hampshire's outdoor spaces for future generations."
Read More
Defense Secretary Nominee Pledges Not to Bow to White House Pressure on Gitmo Detainee Transfers
On Wednesday, Senator Ayotte questioned Defense Secretary nominee Dr. Ashton Carter regarding the administration's Guantanamo Bay detainee policy during his nomination hearing. Dr. Carter pledged neither to bow to White House pressure to increase the pace of Guantanamo detainee transfers nor to release detainees who may threaten the United States or its allies. Senator Ayotte released the following statement regarding Dr. Carter's comments:
"I am pleased by Dr. Carter's pledge not to bow to White House pressure when it comes to the transfer of Guantanamo detainees, but the administration's willingness to transfer dangerous detainees in an effort to close Guantanamo demonstrates the need for the legislation I have introduced. We know that at least 107 terrorists formerly detained at Guantanamo are confirmed to have reengaged in terrorist activity, and another 77 are suspected of doing so. According to public reports, at least two former detainees have joined ISIS. We must ensure that the security of the American people, not a misguided campaign promise, guides decisions related to the transfer of Guantanamo detainees. No American service member should ever have to confront a former Guantanamo detainee on the battlefield."
Read More
Increasing Transparency and Saving Taxpayer Dollars by Embracing Electronic Filing of Campaign Finance Reports
Senator Ayotte is co-sponsoring legislation that would require Senate candidates to electronically file election reports with the Federal Election Commission (FEC), a change that would save taxpayer dollars and improve transparency.
The Senate Campaign Disclosure Disparity Act (S.366) was authored by Senators Jon Tester (D-MT) and Thad Cochran (R-MS) to require Senate campaigns to file campaign finance reports directly with the FEC electronically rather than first filing paper copies with the Secretary of the Senate.
Senate campaign committees are currently the only federal political committees not required to file reports and statements electronically with the FEC directly.
Ayotte Helps Introduce Bipartisan Legislation to Combat Youth Homelessness &amp; Trafficking
Senator Ayotte recently helped introduce bipartisan legislation to curb youth homelessness and help victims of human trafficking in New Hampshire and nationwide. Homelessness affects an estimated 1.6 million youth across the country. The Runaway and Homeless Youth and Trafficking Prevention Act would reauthorize important programs to help states and local communities address the needs of homeless youth through emergency shelter, basic life necessities, family interventions, and longer-term housing options.
"No child should have to go without a home, yet right now in New Hampshire, one in every four homeless people are children. That's a heartbreaking statistic," Senator Ayotte said. "We need to find solutions to this pervasive problem, including strategies to address issues like human trafficking and sexual exploitation that can sometimes lead to or coexist with homelessness. By reauthorizing these critical programs, we can help families in New Hampshire and across the nation overcome homelessness and lead independent, fulfilling lives."
Read More
Photos of the Week
Receiving a leadership award from the Community Anti-Drug Coalitions of America
Thanked New Hampshire members of the Community Anti-Drug Coalitions of America for their hard work to build drug-free communities in our state. They're outstanding!
Visited with St. Anselm College President Dr. Steven DiSalvo during his trip to Washington this week.
With students from the Dublin School AP US Government class during their tour of the U.S. Capitol
Meeting with Detectives Patrick Schiavone &amp; Stephen Charles from the New Englad Narcotic Enforcement Officers Association to discuss ongoing efforts to address NH's drug addiction crisis
With Donna and Peter Bretschneider from Brookline after their tour of the U.S. Capitol
Visited with Jamey French of Northland Forest Products
Warm Regards,
Kelly Ayotte
United States Senator
Email Kelly
Manchester Office
1200 Elm Street, Suite 2
Manchester, NH 03101 Phone:
603-622-7979
Nashua Office
144 Main Street
Nashua, NH 03060 Phone:
603-880-3335
North Country Office 19 Pleasant Street, Suite 13B
Berlin, NH 03570 Phone:
603-752-7702 Fax:
603-752-7704
Portsmouth Office
14 Manchester Square, Ste 140
Portsmouth, NH 03801 Phone:
603-436-7161
Washington, DC
144 Russell Senate Office Building
Washington, DC 20510
Phone:
202-224-3324
Email Kelly
|
ayotte.senate.gov
|
Unsubscribe
