
If you are having trouble viewing this E-newsletter,
click here . To unsubscribe from these mailings,
click here .
February 5, 2015
To instantly unsubscribe from these mailings, please click here .
I want to hear from you!
Share your thoughts:
*250 character limit. By clicking submit you are agreeing to receive my email updates.
Having trouble viewing this email? Click here .
Dear Friends,
I am writing to highlight some things in Congress and our community that I hope you will find helpful.
State of the Union
&ldquo;Fast Track&rdquo; and the Trans-Pacific Partnership
Homeland Security
Connecticut Events and Announcements
State of the Union
On January 20, 2015, President Obama delivered his annual State of the Union Address to Congress, where he proposed some new ideas and highlighted important issues that need to be addressed in the coming months to grow our economy and ensure the success of middle-class American families.
The President discussed a broad range of issues like investing in biomedical research and infrastructure, expanding access to higher education, protecting our environment, and maintaining our national security. He also called on Congress to pass initiatives that benefit women and their families, including paid sick days, paid family leave, and ensuring equal pay.
In the coming weeks and month, I will be introducing legislation to deal with some of these pressing issues.
&ldquo;Fast-Track&rdquo; and the Trans-Pacific Partnership
This year I had the pleasure of inviting Ansonia Specialty Metals&rsquo; Vice President John Barto as my guest for the State of the Union Address. Ansonia Specialty Metals was forced to close after trade deals, like Korea, increased competition from abroad, resulting in the demise of a Connecticut company that dated back to 1847. At one time they had a workforce numbered over 1200 in the Ansonia and Waterbury communities. The story of Ansonia is all too common across our state and our country.
President Obama highlighted his proposals on trade during the State of the Union. While I support policies that will grow our economy, plans to grant the ability to &ldquo;fast-track&rdquo; trade deals without Congressional input would set struggling families further back and ship good-paying jobs out of America.
In the last 20 years, Connecticut has lost over 96,000 manufacturing jobs, due in large part to trade agreements that fail to protect American workers. Instead, working class families are forced to compete in an international race to the bottom. In Vietnam, one of the countries we would partner with under the Trans-Pacific Partnership, the minimum wage is just 56 cents an hour. To restore long-term prosperity in America, we have to go back to being a country that builds things, not just one that consumes goods made overseas. Congress should preserve its constitutional authority over trade agreements, and fight to ensure that our trade policies support the American middle class and keep our jobs here.
Homeland Security
Earlier this month, the House of Representatives passed the Department of Homeland Security (DHS) funding bill that aims to undo any progress made towards immigration reform. The last-minute language added to the bill to tie the President&rsquo;s hands on immigration effectively undid a bipartisan compromise that would have funded DHS until the end of the fiscal year.
With current funding for the department set to expire at the end of February, I have called on my Republican colleagues to pass a &ldquo;clean&rdquo; bill that would fund critical agencies like the Federal Emergency Management Agency (FEMA) and United States Customs and Immigration Services (USCIS), while strengthening our national security.
Connecticut Events and Announcements
Flu Shot
Congresswoman DeLauro discusses important public health issues this flu season
On January 12, 2015, I went to Hamden&rsquo;s Apex Pharmacy to discuss important public health issues and the benefits of vaccinations. This year&rsquo;s flu is especially virulent and people must take all the necessary precautions to stay healthy. Even though the shot does not protect against every strain, it does provide some protection worth having. Congress must remain focused on public health and make sure we have the resources necessary to ensure the well-being of all families.
Community College Roundtable
Congresswoman DeLauro joins community college administrators to discuss efforts to expand access to affordable higher education.
It was a pleasure to join administrators from Gateway, Middlesex and Naugatuck Valley community colleges to call on Congress to pass the America&rsquo;s College Promise program proposed by President Obama. The program would ensure two years of free community college for those students who meet certain criteria.
Infrastructure Bank
On January 23, 2015, I was pleased to unveil the National Infrastructure Development Bank Act alongside State Comptroller Kevin Lembo at SeeClickFix in New Haven. This legislation would create and fund a public bank to leverage public and private dollars for meritorious infrastructure projects of national or regional significance.
Congress must pass legislation that allows us to invest in our nation&rsquo;s roads, railways, and bridges as well as our high-speed internet infrastructure.
Keep in Touch
Follow me on
Facebook ,
Twitter , and
YouTube
to find out more about what is happening in Congress and at home in Connecticut.
Sincerely,
Rosa DeLauro
Bill Search
|
Constituent Services
Washington, DC
2413 Rayburn HOB
Washington, D.C. 20515
Phone: (202) 225-3661
District Office
59 Elm St.
New Haven, CT, 06510
Phone: (203) 562-3718
