
March 12, 2015
ATF DROPS AMMO BAN
Dear Friend:
On Tuesday, the Bureau of Alcohol, Tobacco, Firearms and Explosives (ATF)
announced that they are dropping their plan
to ban the manufacture and sale of 5.56 mm/.223 caliber M855 green tip ammunition.
This is an extremely important victory for our Second Amendment rights, and for our new Republican majority in Congress.
This is the first time in this new Congress that we have stopped one of President Barack Obama's damaging policies, and I am proud to report to you my role in this effort.
Opposition to President Obama's ammo ban was massive and nationwide.
ATF was swamped with over 80,000 objections.
I joined 237 House members
in a letter to ATF opposing the ban , as did 47 Senators.
ATF realized they had a serious problem on their hands.
Last Thursday, I met with top ATF officials for the first time in my new capacity as the chairman of the Commerce, Justice and Science Appropriations Subcommittee, which is responsible for ATF funding. I explained that all of us in Texas love to support law enforcement, but I could not help them if they did not help themselves by withdrawing the proposed ammo ban. I showed them how their proposal did not comply with current law, which is designed to protect law enforcement officers from armor-piercing bullets in small, easily concealed pistols. Instead, ATFs proposed rule framework would have banned .223 ammunition
a round almost exclusively fired through some of Americas most popular hunting rifles.
By the end of our discussion, ATF understood that it was far better to withdraw the proposed framework, and work together to make any changes to the law through Congress rather than by rulemaking.
This is how regulators and Congress should work together, and I commend the ATF for making the right decision.
This was a nationwide grassroots effort that proves we can stop President Obama's damaging policies. I am keeping my word to you to use the power of the purse to stop him from further dismantling our Constitution and the America we know and love.
All the planets lined up just right to allow me to help stop the ammo ban, and I will keep working to find similar opportunities to stop any of his other destructive executive orders or policies that fall within my CJS Subcommittee's jurisdiction.
I spoke yesterday with radio host Laura Ingraham about the ATF decision and what it means for our country.
I hope you will take
a moment to listen .
Thank you for entrusting me with the privilege of representing you and Texas in the United States Congress.
Sincerely,
John Culberson
Tell a Friend
Forward this email
to a friend.
E-mail Updates
Yes, please periodically
send me e-mail updates.
Multimedia
To view the latest video of Congressman Culberson,
click here .
NOTE: Please DO NOT respond to this email as this inbox is unattended. To contact my office please
click here
UNSUBSCRIBE
|
PRIVACY POLICY
|
CONTACT US
Click Here Click Here