
If you are
having trouble viewing this message or would like to share it on a
social network, you can
view the message online .
HOME
CONTACT US
CONSTITUENT SERVICES
ISSUES AND
LEGISLATION
February 15, 2015
Helping Hardworking Families Save For
College:
This week, my bill, H.R. 529, was reported
favorably by the Ways and Means committee, moving it one step closer to
passage in the House and providing real help for working families
struggling with sky-rocketing higher education costs.
We must
do everything we can to incentivize and support families who plan
ahead and save for the rising cost of college and research shows that the
existence of any college savings account substantially increases the
likelihood of a child attending college. I have no doubt that the
improvements my bill would make to 529 plans will make saving for college
easier and more attractive, ultimately allowing more hardworking
American families setting money aside for higher education.
To
learn more about my legislation,
click
here .
Keystone XL Pipeline is Headed To the Presidents
Desk:
Just over a month into the new Congress, the House has
showed how serious we are about passing sensible legislation that gets
America back to work. The strong, bipartisan vote to approve the
Keystone XL Pipeline could help create thousands of needed jobs for the
economy along with increasing Americas energy
independence.
The Obama Administration has spent six years obfuscating about why
they dont want to build the pipeline, despite numerous benefits, support
from a clear majority of the country, and cross-party backing from
Congress. The President has threatened to veto the Keystone bill, but it
is time the President reconsider and choose what is best for the
American people over what is he thinks is best for the extreme fringes of
his own party.
In the six years since the application to
build Keystone XL submitted, the State Department has conducted five
reviews demonstrating that the pipeline is good for our economy and our
environment. Even the Administrations own estimates accept that
thousands of jobs would be created. The time is now
lets build the
Keystone XL Pipeline.
Fixing our Broken Tax
Code:
Tax reform must be a main priority for
Americas New Congress if we hope to have a healthy economy again. This
means making the tax code simpler, fairer, and flatter so that people and
businesses can better understand their responsibilities and have great
certainty to plan ahead.
When I talk to families and
business owners at home in Kansas, the issue that comes up time and again
is how they are constantly fighting against the problem of
uncertainty that is present in our current tax code.
I was proud to
vote for two House bills this week - H.R. 636, Americas Small
Business Tax Relief Act and H.R. 644, the Fighting Hunger Incentive Act -
that would combat this problem by making some tax provisions permanent
and helping folks plan ahead. Reforming our unwieldy tax code is a long
process, and these measures were strong first steps to help
struggling families.
I spoke about this at this weeks leadership
press conference and I encourage you to watch
here .
Coffee with Your Congresswoman
in Pittsburg:
I will be hosting a Coffee with your
Congresswoman this coming Friday, February 20th where folks can drop
by my office and speak with me directly about the issues most
important to them. Listening to Kansans is my top priority and I look forward
to hearing your ideas and bringing them to Washington each and every
week.
Time:
10:00 a.m.
11:00 a.m.
CT
Location:
Pittsburg District Office, 1001 North
Broadway Street, Suite C, Pittsburg, KS 66762
Friends
from Kansas:
This week I had the opportunity to
meet with faculty and students from HaskellUniversity as we discussed
their priorities and trajectory for growth. It was a privilegeto hear
the inspirational success stories firsthand from the students and the
above-and-beyond work of the Haskell faculty and staff.
I had a great time this week getting to meet with Rishi
Shah from Parsons, KS. Rishi goes to school in Delaware and got the
chance to come to Washington this week. I wish him the best of luck for
the future!
This week it was my pleasure to meet with Colonel
Michael Denning of KUs Office of Graduate Military Programs and discuss
the Universitys Student Veteran Center and ongoing support of
veterans education. I have been proud to partner with Col. Denning to
address Mental Health First Aid over the past year and look forward to
working with him and the University on veterans services in the new
Congress.
I also had the opportunity to meet
with Dean Michael Branicky of KUs School of Engineering and listen to
the priorities for continued research and development. The Universitys
School of Engineering has a fantastic legacy of supplying home-grown
engineers, researchers, and computer specialists from right here in
Kansas.
Tell a Friend
E-mail:
E-mail:
E-mail:
Share on Facebook Share on
Twitter
Washington, DC Office
1526
Longworth HOB
Washington, D.C.
20515
Phone: (202) 225-6601
Fax: (202) 225-7986
Pittsburg Office
1001 N. Broadway
Street #C
Pittsburg, KS
66762
Phone: (620) 231-LYNN (5966)
Fax: (620) 231-5972
Topeka Office
3550 SW
5th Street
Topeka, KS 66606
Phone: (785) 234-LYNN (5966)
Fax: (785) 234-5967
Independence Office
120 N. 6th Street
Independence, KS 67301
Phone: (620) 231-LYNN (5966)
Fax:
(620) 231-5972
Unsubscribe
|
Update My Profile
|
Privacy Policy
