
As Threats to D.C. Anti-Discrimination Laws Continue, Coalition Fights Back
After the Heritage Foundation and its social conservative allies, once again, called on Members of Congress to override two bills recently passed by the D.C. Council, a coalition of 53 national and local groups sent a letter to Members of Congress
urging them to oppose any effort in Congress, including through resolutions of disapproval, that would prevent two bills recently passed by the District of Columbia Council from taking effect.
The two bills are the Reproductive Health Non-Discrimination Amendment Act, which prohibits D.C. employers from discriminating against employees based on their personal reproductive health decisions, and the Human Rights Amendment Act, which protects lesbian, gay, bisexual and transgender students from discrimination by educational institutions in the District.
Unsurprisingly, just a few days later, Senator Ted Cruz (R-TX) introduced two disapproval resolutions to overturn the two bills.
This move came just a day after House Republicans released their fiscal year 2016 budget, in which they call for federalism and local control over local affairs .
It is time Republicans start applying their principles to the District of Columbia.
Nevertheless, we have dealt with such threats to D.C.s local laws before and know how to defeat them.
We see evidence of this in the effort to raise awareness by national groups to expose Republican hypocrisy and in our public Speak-Out on Tuesday.
Please join us to help save reproductive choice.
Condemning Dalit Untouchability
Last week, I introduced a resolution condemning Dalit untouchability , the practice of birth-descent discrimination against Dalit people, which is still widely practiced in India, Nepal, the Asian diaspora, and other South Asian nations, and calling on these countries to recognize the human rights of the Dalit people and end all forms of untouchability within their borders.
The Dalits comprise 25% of Indias population.
As India continues to grow as the worlds most populous democracy, it must do more to end this abhorrent practice.
To help raise further awareness of this issue, I spoke at the 1st Global Conference on Defending Dalit Rights, hosted by the International Commission for Dalit Rights and the Global Conference Organizing Committee.
Through further events like those, we can raise global awareness for the plight of Dalit peoples and put more pressure on governments to act.
After U.S. Attorney for D.C. Steps Down, My Nominating Commission is Accepting Applications
Last week, U.S. Attorney for the District of Columbia Ronald Machen announced he would step down after more than five years of service , making him the longest serving U.S. Attorney for the District of Columbia in nearly four decades.
President Obama gave me the senatorial courtesy to recommend Mr. Machen, who was then nominated by President Obama.
Following the pattern set by Attorney General Eric Holder, who I recommended to President Clinton to be our U.S. Attorney, Mr. Machen was a devoted public servant who dedicated his tenure to working with a neighborhood focus that allowed him to work closely with local communities to achieve positive reforms that helped bring down violent crime.
He was the first U.S. Attorney to establish a Conviction Integrity Unit, tasked with investigating cases where there may have been wrongful convictions.
Due to the vacancy, my Federal Law Enforcement Nominating Commission, chaired by Pauline Schneider, is now accepting applications to fill the position.
Interested candidates must submit their applications by April 15.
Applications should include a rsum, three references, and a letter of interest outlining the applicants qualifications and reasons he or she wants the position.
Applications should be sent to:
Pauline A. Schneider
Chair, Federal Law Enforcement Nominating Commission
Ballard Spahr LLP
1909 K Street NW, 12th Floor
Washington, DC 20006
doctype html
Congresswoman Nortons e-Newsletter
Monday, March 23, 2015
Event This Week: Tuesday, March 24
Womens History Month Roundtable-Speak-Out
On the Offensive: Protecting Reproductive Choice Against State and Federal Attacks
George Washington University Hospital Auditorium
900 23 rd
St. NW
6:30 p.m.
8:30 p.m.
Stand Up and Speak-Out to Preserve Reproductive Choice
On Tuesday, I will host a Womens History Month Public Roundtable-Speak-Out at George Washington University featuring a presiding panel of pro-choice leaders with Speak-Out witnesses who know
what it would mean to lose their reproductive choice.
A womans right to choose is under threat here in the District of Columbia and across the country as Congress, local and state governments continue to pass anti-choice legislation.
Join us so you can
speak-out during the discussion about fighting this growing and troubling trend.
Click here to view the full flyer for the event.
As Threats to D.C. Anti-Discrimination Laws Continue, Coalition Fights Back
After the Heritage Foundation and its social conservative allies, once again, called on Members of Congress to override two bills recently passed by the D.C. Council,
a coalition of 53 national and local groups sent
a letter to Members of Congress
urging them to oppose any effort in Congress, including through resolutions of disapproval, that would prevent two bills recently passed by the
District of Columbia Council from taking effect.
The two bills are the Reproductive Health Non-Discrimination Amendment Act, which prohibits D.C. employers from discriminating against employees based on their personal reproductive health decisions, and the
Human Rights Amendment Act, which protects lesbian, gay, bisexual and transgender students from discrimination by educational institutions in the District.
Unsurprisingly, just a few days later,
Senator Ted Cruz (R-TX) introduced two disapproval
resolutions to overturn the two bills.
This move came just a day after House Republicans released their fiscal year 2016 budget,
in which they call for federalism and local control over local affairs .
It is time Republicans start applying their principles to the District of Columbia.
Nevertheless, we have
dealt with such threats to D.C.s local laws before and know how to defeat them.
We see evidence of this in the effort to raise awareness by national groups to expose Republican hypocrisy and in our public Speak-Out on Tuesday.
Please join us to help save
reproductive choice.
Condemning Dalit Untouchability
Last week,
I introduced a resolution condemning Dalit untouchability ,
the practice of birth-descent discrimination against Dalit people, which is still widely practiced in India, Nepal, the Asian diaspora, and other South Asian nations, and calling on these countries to recognize the human rights of the Dalit people and end
all forms of untouchability within their borders.
The Dalits comprise 25% of Indias population.
As India continues to grow as the worlds most populous democracy, it must do more to end this abhorrent practice.
To help raise further awareness of this issue,
I spoke at the 1 st
Global Conference on Defending Dalit Rights, hosted by the International Commission for Dalit Rights and the Global Conference Organizing Committee.
Through further events like those, we can raise global awareness for the plight
of Dalit peoples and put more pressure on governments to act.
After U.S. Attorney for D.C. Steps Down, My Nominating Commission is Accepting Applications
Last week,
U.S. Attorney for the District of Columbia Ronald Machen
announced he would step down after more than five years of service , making him the longest serving U.S. Attorney for the District of Columbia in nearly four decades.
President
Obama gave me the senatorial courtesy to recommend Mr. Machen, who was then nominated by President Obama.
Following the pattern set by Attorney General Eric Holder, who I recommended to President Clinton to be our U.S. Attorney, Mr. Machen was a devoted public
servant who dedicated his tenure to working with a neighborhood focus that allowed him to work closely with local communities to achieve positive reforms that helped bring down violent crime.
He was the first U.S. Attorney to establish a Conviction Integrity
Unit, tasked with investigating cases where there may have been wrongful convictions.
Due to the vacancy, my Federal Law Enforcement Nominating Commission, chaired by Pauline Schneider, is now accepting applications to fill the position.
Interested candidates must submit their applications by
April 15 .
Applications should include a rsum, three references, and a letter of interest outlining the applicants qualifications and reasons he or she wants the position.
Applications should be sent to:
Pauline A. Schneider
Chair, Federal Law Enforcement Nominating Commission
Ballard Spahr LLP
1909 K Street NW, 12th Floor
Washington, DC 20006
Thanks for subscribing!
Follow Congresswoman Norton on
Facebook ,
Twitter ,
Instagram ,
YouTube , or her
website
for more updates.
Capitol Hill Office
2136 Rayburn HOB
Washington, D.C. 20515
Phone: (202) 225-8050
Fax: (202) 225-3002
S.E. District Office
2041 Martin Luther King Jr. Ave., S.E.
Washington, D.C. 20020
Phone: (202) 678-8900
Fax: (202) 678-8844
Main District Office
90 K Street, N.E., Suite 100
Washington DC 20001
Phone: (202) 408-9041
Fax: (202) 408-9048
To unsubscribe from our list, please click here .
