
February 2015 Newsletter
Is this email not displaying correctly? View it in your browser .
February 2015
The House of Representatives passed a bill to fund the Department of Homeland Security for Fiscal Year 2015, targeting funds for increased immigration law enforcement and blocking funding for the President&rsquo;s unilateral actions granting amnesty to millions of illegal aliens. The President&rsquo;s amnesty policy provides work authorization permits and benefits such as Social Security, Medicare, and Obamacare to at least five million illegal immigrants.
The President created a constitutional crisis in November by announcing unilateral directives to limit enforcement of immigration laws in direct contravention of the intent of Congress. The Congress alone has the prerogative to legislate, and the Constitution is very specific on laws relating to immigration and naturalization. The President cannot decide which laws to enforce or not enforce and how to apply them to broad classes of individuals. His constitutional responsibility is to take care that the laws are faithfully executed.
This legislation blocks any funds from being used to carry out the executive actions announced on November 20, 2014 to grant deferred action to four million unlawful immigrants. It also defunds implementation of the so-called Morton Memos. Beginning in 2011, DHS progressively relaxed immigration enforcement following guidance issued by then-ICE Director John Morton.
It also blocks funding for new, renewed, or previously denied DACA applications (Deferred Action for Childhood Arrivals). In 2012, the President violated the Constitution by granting work authorization permits to an entire class of illegal aliens who entered the United States before the age of 18. The bill also requires the Department of Homeland Security to prioritize immigration enforcement proceeding for illegal aliens convicted of domestic violence and sex crimes. The bill also expressed the sense of Congress that immigration actions should not advantage unlawful immigrants over legal immigrants or legal U.S. workers.
The DHS Appropriations bill, HR 240, increases funding for Customs and Border Protection (CBP) and for Immigration and Customs Enforcement (ICE) over FY2014 funding levels. The ICE E-Verify program, allowing employers to check legal status of employees, is fully funded. The bill slightly decreases Transportation Security Administration (TSA) funding and supports their shift to more risk-based screening.
Click here
to read more.
Environment Subcommittee Chair
Chairman Lamar Smith announced the appointment of Congressman Jim Bridenstine as Chairman of the Environment Subcommittee in the US House of Representatives Science, Space, and Technology Committee.
Read More
Invitation to PM Netanyahu
Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu is scheduled to address Congress in March. At a time when Israel is facing threats from multiple enemies, the support for Israel in the United States must be unwavering.
As one such expression of support, Congressman Bridenstine personally delivered a letter to Israel&rsquo;s Embassy in Washington inviting him to visit Oklahoma.
Read More
Domestic Prosperity and Global Freedom Act
On the first day of the 114th Congress, Rep. Jim Bridenstine introduced legislation to expedite the export of liquefied national gas to our allies, particularly those in Eastern Europe whose energy supplies are subject to the whims of Vladimir Putin.
Read More
End Taxpayer Funding for Abortion
On the anniversary of Roe. Vs. Wade, Congressman Bridenstine voted in favor of the No Taxpayer Funding for Abortion Act.
There have been 57,762,169 abortions in America since Roe vs. Wade in 1973. We must never relent in our fight for life.
The Cause International
The January Nonprofit in the Spotlight Award was presented to The Cause International for the work they do in the community to fight human trafficking.
Recently the House passed a series of bills aimed at combating human trafficking in the United States.
To find out more information on The Cause International visit:
http://www.thecausetulsa.com/About.html
follow on Twitter
|
friend on Facebook
|
forward to a friend
Copyright &copy; 2015 Congressman Jim Bridenstine, All rights reserved.
You are receiving this email because you opted in at our website or at an event.
Our mailing address is:
Congressman Jim Bridenstine 2448 E 81st St Suite 5150 Tulsa ,
OK
74137 Add us to your address book
unsubscribe from this list
|
update subscription preferences
