DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.0 Transitional//EN" "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml1/DTD/xhtml1-transitional.dtd"
District Update | March 6, 2015
Click here
if you have trouble viewing this email
Dear Friends,
The future of Americas workforce is directly tied to the quality of education its receiving right now in classrooms and lecture halls across the country. Thats why the House, with my support, has pushed forward with reforms that make the education our students receive both more affordable and more relevant for the jobs of the future.
Saving for your childrens education is important, but daunting for many low- and middle-income parents. When the average student loan debt is $28,400 and tuition costs continue to increase each year, its no wonder nearly 12 million American families have turned to 529 plans to save for the cost of a college education. In fact, the President was forced to withdraw his plan to tax and essentially eliminate these hugely popular plans after parents made it clear they wanted to be able to keep saving for their childrens education and plan ahead for the future.
Studies show that college savings accounts, even with mere hundreds of dollars deposited, greatly encourage children to enroll and graduate from college. We should be promoting a culture of saving that helps parents plan for their childrens future and pay for their childs education without the burden of large student loans. Thats why I recently voted for H.R. 529, the Savings Enhancement for Education in College Act, a bill to expand, modernize, and strengthen 529 college savings plans. H.R. 529 passed in the U.S. House with bipartisan support and now awaits consideration by the U.S. Senate.
Additionally, I voted for the STEM Education Act of 2015, a bill that defines STEM education as education in the subjects of science, technology, engineering, and mathematics, including computer science. This legislation also directs the National Science Foundation to continue to award competitive, merit-based grants to support research and development of innovative out-of-school STEM learning.
By classifying computer science as a STEM field, educators are empowered to help foster the next generation of computer programmers. These important jobs are responsible for much of the innovative technology and economic activity around us today. By 2020, there will be an estimated 1.4 million computing jobs in the U.S. and the STEM Education Act of 2015 ensures we will have the American workers to fill them.
Rest assured, I will continue to be a passionate advocate for our students getting the best education possible. The future success of our nation depends upon it.
Sincerely,
Ed Royce
News for Feb. 27 - Mar. 6, 2015
Katie Oyama, Senior Policy Counsel at Google, Added to Women's Conference Lineup
Katie Oyama is Senior Policy Counsel for Google, where she focuses on copyright, creativity, and trademark law and policy. From 2009 to 2011, she worked in the Office of the Vice President as Associate Counsel and Deputy Counsel to the Vice President.
Katie will be delivering a presentation entitled Success Stories: Women, Work and the Will to Lead, where she will share her experiences as she successfully navigated corporate America.
RSVP to the Women's Conference
here .
Royce Office Now Accepting Congressional Art Competition Entries
Rep. Royce has announced the start of the 2015 Congressional Art Competition for high school students from the 39th Congressional District of California. The winning student's artwork will hang in the U.S. Capitol alongside winning pieces from every Congressional district across the country.
All interested high school artists from California's 39th Congressional District may participate in this year's contest by submitting their entries no later than 5:00 p.m. on Wednesday, April 29, to either one of Rep. Royce's district offices: Brea Office (210 W Birch Street, Suite 201, Brea, CA 92821) or the Rowland Heights Office (1380 Fullerton Rd, Suite 205, Rowland Heights, CA 91748).
More information on submission guidelines and the contest can be found
here .
7th Annual Women's Conference Speaker Highlight: Heidi Murkoff
In addition to former Secretary of State Condoleezza Rice, Rep. Royce is hosting additional breakout session speakers on a variety of topics at this year's Women's Conference.
One of those speakers is New York Times best-selling author
Heidi Murkoff
of "What to Expect When You're Expecting" fame.
USA Today has named it one of the most influential books of the last 25 years
reporting, too, that it is read by 93 percent of women who read a pregnancy book. The What to Expect books have sold more than 34 million copies in the US alone and are international bestsellers, published in over 30 languages. In 2011, TIME magazine named Heidi one of the 100 Most Influential People in the World.
Heidi will be giving a presentation entitled " Children's Health and What to Expect When You're Expecting."
The session will feature a discussion on the critical importance of nutrition for women and young children in the 1,000 days from a womans pregnancy through her childs second birthday.
It's my hope that you can join Heidi and Secretary Rice at this year's Women's Conference on March 28 at CSUF. Get more details and RSVP by clicking
here .
Royce Grant Supermarket for First Responders
Rep. Royce will be hosting a Federal Grants Supermarket at the end of the month, a unique event that will offer representatives from first responder organizations the opportunity to meet personally with representatives of key agencies to discuss the needs of their organizations.
Invited departments include FEMA, Department of State, and the Department of Justice.
Event details are below:
Date: Monday, March 30th
Time: 9:30 AM - 12:30 PM
Location: Buena Park Community Center
6688 Beach Blvd.
Buena Park, CA 90622
RSVP by clicking
here .
For more details on the event, contact Alison Martin at (714) 255-0101 or
Alison.Martin@mail.house.gov .
CONNECT
Facebook
Youtube
ORANGE COUNTY OFFICE
210 W. Birch Street, Ste 201
Brea, CA 92821
T (714) 255-0101
LOS ANGELES COUNTY OFFICE
1380 S. Fullerton Road, Suite 205
Rowland Heights, CA 91748
T (626) 964-5123
WASHINGTON, DC OFFICE
2310 Rayburn House Office Building
Washington, DC 20515
T (202) 225-4111
UPDATE SUBSCRIPTION OPTIONS
|
PRIVACY POLICY
|
CONTACT US
Click Here Click Here