
If you are having trouble
viewing this message or would like to share it on a social network, you
can
view the message
online .
HOME
ABOUT
ME
CONTACT ME
SERVING YOU
MEDIA CENTER
OUR DISTRICT
RESOURCES
February 23, 2015
Vilsack, Yoder disagree on Immigration
Click here to watch a
Kansas City Star
video interview of Congressman Yoder and Secretary
Vilsack.
In January, the House of Representatives with my support
passed
HR 240 - the 2015
Department of Homeland Security Appropriations bill , which
fully funds DHS through Fiscal Year 2015. The bill includes all the
funding necessary to defend our homeland and enforce our immigration
laws.
However, Senate
Democrats are refusing to let the bill come to a vote by filibustering because
they, along with Secretary Vilsack and the rest of the
Administration, support the President's assertion that he can ignore the law and
grant amnesty to million of illegal immigrants without the approval of
Congress.
Stalling debate on a
bill that funds DHS over an unconstitutional executive action that was
recently halted by a federal judge is senseless. Congress is
appropriately utilizing its power of the purse in this situation to restrict an
Administration that has stepped outside the bounds of its
constitutional authority and is attempting to ignore the enforcement of federal
law.
I urge the Senate to
move to consideration of the House-approved bill and vote to fund our
homeland security.
Trade Roundtable with
Secretary of Agriculture
It was a privilege
join Senator Pat Roberts and cohosts BNSF Railway and Dairy Farmers
of America in welcoming Secretary of Agriculture Tom Vilsack to Kansas
last week to discuss the important trade issues facing the US
Congress.
Trade has a major effect on our
Kansas economy, with agriculture producers exporting almost $5
billion in products as recently as 2012. This is an area in which Congress
can work with the Administration, with the President expressing
interest in creating more market access for our agriculture products in Asia
under the proposed Trans-Pacific Partnership (TPP). This is a trade
agreement between the United States and twelve Asian nations that has
been under negotiations for a little over four years that will provide
more markets for Kansas agriculture producers to expand business, which
is another important and necessary way to grow our
economy.
Another point of focus during the
discussion was the stalled negotiations between the ports and
dockworkers' union that had brought cargo to a standstill at our west coast
ports. The delay had cost meat exporters more than $40 million per
week.
I joined 83 of my colleagues in
writing a letter to both parties in the negotiations to resolve this
dispute in a timely manner. Additionally, I cosponsored H Res 108, which
called on President Obama to invoke executive authority under the
Taft-Hartley Act on grounds of national interest if the conflict was not
able to be resolved.
Thankfully,
the two sides came to a tentative five-year agreement on Friday. This
is great news for Kansas farmers, ranchers, and small business
who could not have afforded a protracted
shutdown.
Veterans Suicide Roundtable
Last week, I was honored to work with Johnson County Community
College to host a Veterans Suicide Prevention Roundtable Discussion. This
was an excellent opportunity that brought together veterans, Veterans
Administration staff, college counselors, and non-profit mental
healthcare providers to discuss the
Clay Hunt Suicide Prevention for American Veterans Act ,
the first bill passed by the new Congress with my full support. The
bill, a great example of bipartisanship, was signed into law by
President Obama on February 12 and is critical to our efforts to help reduce
military and veteran suicides and improve access to quality mental
healthcare.
Click here
to read more about the veterans' roundtable discussion at Johnson
County Community College's
website.
I also toured the new Student Veterans and Military Resource
Center at JCCC. The resource center is co-located with the offices of Vet
Success on campus. It is staffed by a full-time VA employee who
provides information on G.I. Bill eligibility, benefits and other
resources.
I want to thank everyone at JCCC
including President Dr. Joe Sopcich who welcomed us, and all who took
the time to take part in this important discussion.
41 Action News Coverage of Email Privacy Act
Click here to watch 41 Action News' coverage of the Email Privacy
Act.
We are now up to 242 cosponsors for my bill to
update our digital privacy laws, the
Email Privacy Act .
Right now,
the federal government is using an arcane 1986 law to conduct
warrantless searches of the personal email accounts and other digital
communication of the American people. The last time Congress updated our email
privacy laws, we were two years removed from the release of the first
Macintosh computer. Its time Congress modernized these outdated
statutes to ensure that the rights protected by the Fourth Amendment
extend to Americans email correspondence and digital
storage.
Housing Roundtable and Juniper Gardens Tour
Last week, I held a Housing and Urban Development (HUD) roundtable at
Community Housing of Wyandotte County (CHWC) and toured Juniper
Gardens to learn more about public housing in Kansas City,
KS.
As a new member of the Transportation, Housing and Urban
Development (THUD) Subcommittee on Appropriations, I appreciated the
chance to listen and learn from local governments and nonprofit
organizations that administer HUD programs here in the Third District and discuss
the impact they have in our communities.
Thank you to
Donny Smith at CHWC for hosting the discussion.
Judging
High School Debate Tournament
I had the
privilege on Friday to judge a Congressional Debate at Shawnee Mission
Norths Invitational Debate tournament. These students, from many high
schools, came well prepared and amazed me with their articulate
arguments for and against a variety of issues including some before Congress
today.
Thank you to Shawnee
Mission North Principal Dick Kramer for his leadership and to Meagan
Deutch, SMN Forensics and Debate coach, for this special
invitation.
Credit Union Roundtable
On
Friday, I held a credit union roundtable discussion at Main Street
Credit Union in Mission. We discussed the work we are doing in the new
Congress to facilitate an environment that will foster job growth and
the challenges credit unions are facing with the mounting regulations
coming out of Washington.
Thank
you to Kansas Credit Union Association and Federal Home Loan Bank Topeka
for facilitating the meeting and discussion.
Letter to Congressional Leadership Regarding Budget Reconciliation
Process to Repeal Obamacare
I have joined a number of my
colleagues in cosigning Congressman John Fleming's letter to Speaker John
Boehner urging him to utilize the budget reconciliation tool to repeal
the Affordable Care Act. This is the same process that allowed Democrats
to pass the bill in 2010, and should not be taken off the table as a
method for repeal. Below is a copy of the letter.
Kansas City Kansas Congressional Forum
I enjoyed spending time in downtown Kansas City, Kansas on
Friday at Congressional Forum, put on by the KCK Chamber of Commerce.
Theyve been meeting monthly for 46 years and have never missed a
meeting. I spoke about how the GOP Majority has been shaping the new
Congress by bringing a higher level of productivity and bipartisanship by
allowing debate on legislation and consideration of Democrat amendments
in the Senate. In fact, new Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell has
already allowed consideration of more amendments in one month than all
of last year under Democratic leadership.
I also spoke
about passing the Keystone authorization bill, working with the
Administration on trade issues, and my recently-introduced Email Privacy Act
that will bring our digital privacy laws into the 21st
Century.
Fact of the Week
February is Heart Health Month. Visit the
American Heart Association 's
webpage for more information.
Attention: Students,
Parents, and Teachers
Click here to visit www.yoder.house.gov
for more information.
REMINDER: The deadline to
submit your artwork for the 2015 Congressional Art Competition is 5:00
PM on April 24.
Legislative Look
Ahead
TUESDAY, FEBRUARY
24TH
H.R. 212
- Drinking
Water Protection Act
H.R. 734
- Federal Communications Commission
Consolidated Reporting Act
H.R. 1020
- STEM Education
Act
WEDNESDAY, FEBRUARY 25TH AND THE
REST OF THE WEEK
S. 227
- Strengthening Education through
Research Act
H.R. 529
- To amend the Internal Revenue Code of
1986 to improve 529 plans
H.R. 5
- Student Success
Act
Possible Consideration of
H.R. 240
- Department of Homeland Security
Appropriations Act, 2015
Weekly Legislative Wrap
Up
The House of Representatives was not in session last
week.
Staff Community Office Hours
My staff can
assist you from 8:00 AM - 5:00 PM, Monday through Friday in my
Overland Park Office. They can help with any issues or concerns, as well as
to provide assistance with federal agencies and programs, including
Veterans' Affairs, Medicare, Social Security, Passports, and
Visas.
Also, we periodically have Staff
Community Office Hours throughout the district. If you are unable to visit
my office, please consider coming to the following location if it is
more convenient for
you:
11:30 AM - 1:00 PM on February
27
Olathe
Library
Indian Creek Branch
12990 S. Black Bob
Road
Olathe, Kansas
66062
12:00 PM - 1:00 PM on March
24
Kansas City, Kansas
Public Library
Main Branch
625 Minnesota
Avenue
Kansas City, Kansas
66101
3:30 PM - 5:00 PM on April
29
Blue
Valley Library
9000 W. 151st
Street
Overland Park, Kansas 66221
Tell a
Friend
E-mail:
E-mail:
E-mail:
Please click below to follow me on Twitter,
Facebook, Instagram and YouTube.
Washington, DC
215 Cannon HOB
Washington, DC
20515
Phone: (202) 225-2865
Hours: Monday-Friday
9:00AM
-6:00PM EST
Overland
Park
7325 W. 79th St.
Overland Park, KS 66204
Phone: (913)
621-0832
Fax: (913) 621-1533
Hours: Monday-Friday
8:00AM
-5:00PM CST
Unsubscribe
|
Update My Profile
|
Privacy
Policy
