
Budget, Rosa Parks, Tax Time, and more...
President Obama's Budget
A Perfect Way to Celebrate Groundhog Day
President Obama released his FY16 budget on Groundhog Day.
In the massive document, he presented a budget that is unworkable.
Unfortunately, its also a repeat of Presidential budgets from the last five years.
Certain areas of the Presidents budget merit consideration, and the House is ready to craft sound fiscal policies in some areas
like increasing the defense budget, fixing our broken tax code, and supporting the growth of our nations infrastructure.
However other areas of the budget will have to give.
Our nation's checkbook is severely overdrawn.
Our national debt now stands at a record high of $18.1 trillion.
The most fundamental issue with the Presidents budget is that it fails to wisely reform (or address at all) mandatory spending, the principal driver of our debt.
With the non-partisan Congressional Budget Office predicting the cost of servicing our debt (interest payments) to eclipse the cost of protecting our country within eight years, its clear we have to change course, and change course now.
It can be done.
Families all across America balance their budgets every day.
The federal government must follow suit.
Check out our video:
Why life in Washington feels like a movie .
Click the photo above to view a short video about Groundhog Day in Washington.
Honoring African Americans
February is Black History Month, a time to reflect upon the contributions African-Americans have made to our country, and the struggles the black community has endured during our nations history.
Most Americans know of trailblazer Rosa Parks, who refused to give up her seat on a segregated bus in 1955. Now the public can learn even more about Ms. Parkss story at the Library of Congress, where her archive of letters, writings, personal notes and photographs are available for the first time. According to the Library of Congress, the collection provides what experts call a more complex view of a woman long recalled in history for one iconic image
that of a nonviolent seamstress who inspired others to act at the dawning of the civil rights era.
The digital collections of the Library of Congress also contain a wide variety of material related to Rosa Parks, including photographs and documents.
This guide
compiles links to Rosa Parks resources throughout the Library of Congress Web pages. In addition, this guide provides links to external Web sites focusing on Rosa Parks and a bibliography containing selections for both general and younger readers.
Pictured above: Congressman Rigell visits the Rosa Parks statue (which was erected in the U.S. Capitol in 2013) with members of Seatack - the oldest African American community in the United States and a stalwart in Hampton Roads.
The (Un) Affordable Care Act and Your Tax Bill
Tax season is once again upon is.
This years biggest change for most taxpayers is on Line 61 of Form 1040: a box to check if you have health insurance and a tax to pay if you dont.
(Read more about the Healthcare Laws impact on your taxes
here .)
Though the House is fighting hard to change and reform the cumbersome, unworkable health care law that is hurting job creators and families in our district, the fact is, right now it is the law of the land, and many of our friends and neighbors will need real help complying with current tax law.
Whether you enrolled in coverage through Healthcare.gov or not, Virginia and the IRS provide a variety of resources to help you file your tax paperwork this year, and weve shared some of them below.
And as always, you may contact our office if you need help dealing with a federal agency.
(On a related note, earlier this week, the House voted to repeal and replace the (Un)Affordable Care Act entirely.
Last month the House passed the Save American Workers Act of 2015 to reverse the (Un)Affordable Care Acts requirement for companies to offer insurance to employees who work 30 or more hours a week. This is just the beginning of the GOP-controlled Congress efforts to put health care back in the hands of patients and doctors
not the federal government.)
Healthcare.gov Tax Information : If you received health insurance from Healthcare.gov and received help paying for coverage, you need to file taxes for 2014. Follow the link for more information.
Click here
for a comprehensive IRS packet on Health Care Law: Whats New for Individuals &amp; Families.
Click here
to find your local IRS Taxpayer Assistance Center.
The IRS Volunteer Income Tax Assistance (VITA) and the Tax Counseling for the Elderly (TCE) Programs also offer free tax help for taxpayers who qualify at thousands of sites across the country.
Click here
for more information on these programs and where to find one near you.
#SawThatComing
@RepScottRigells
Tweet of the Week: POTUS bypasses Congress, negotiates w terrorists, illegal prisnr swap, &amp; now... http://cnn.it/15PorqU
#sawthatcoming #yestheyareterrorists
Related:
CNN: Ex-Gitmo detainee may be talking with militants
Related:
House Passes Rigells Resolution to Condemn Obama for Taliban Swap
Your Congressman in the News
Rigell Statement on President Obama's Offshore Energy Proposal
JAN 28: Washington, D.C.
Congressman Scott Rigell (VA-02), Co-Chairman of the Atlantic Offshore Energy Caucus, released the following statement about President Obamas offshore drilling proposal on the East Coast:
Since taking office in 2011, I have been a strong advocate for energy exploration off the coast of Virginia. Although I was encouraged by President Obamas announcement today that he will lift the current ban on Atlantic energy exploration, I am disappointed and deeply concerned by the specific restrictions outlined in the Presidents draft proposal, which create significant obstacles for Virginias goals of creating jobs and growing our economy.
Seismic testing in the Atlantic Ocean, which will help us better understand where the greatest energy potential lies, has yet to be completed and current data is more than 30 years old. Instead of exploring and leveraging Virginias full potential, the President has placed an arbitrary 50 mile buffer zone off our coast that will unnecessarily hinder the thoughtful and constructive harvesting of the available resources.
We can grow our local and national economies and create 25,000 good-paying jobs for Virginians if we properly leverage our offshore resources. But the Presidents restrictions complicate this path forward. In the days and weeks ahead, I will work with my colleagues in Congress on both sides of the aisle, as well as the Department of the Interior, to maximize our offshore energy potential.
Related:
Virginian-Pilot: Ocean drilling plan excites local officials, upsets critics
*****NOTICE:
DO YOU SUPPORT VA ENERGY?
WE NEED YOUR HELP...
The Hampton Roads Chamber of Commerce is hosting a rally and press conference in support of Virginia Coastal energy at 2:00 p.m. this Wednesday, February 11, at the Norfolk Sheraton Waterside, 777 Waterside Drive. After the rally, the U.S. Bureau of Ocean Energy Management will hold a public hearing on offshore energy at the hotel.
Your support is critical.
Where Ya Been, Scott?
Scott visited with students at Plaza Middle School in
Virginia Beach to talk about how our government works.
Scott talks to Betty Liu of Bloomberg about the job-creating potential of
offshore energy. He spoke of the tremendous effect energy has
had on the Gulf Coast.
He said: "A hard working tradesperson, young man or young woman, can earn $60,000 in their first year and $100,000 four years later, and that is complementary to all the high-tech jobs that are paying even more.
And I want our region to have the revenue that we need to invest in our teachers and our schools, and our roads and bridges."
Watch the full interview
here .
Scott delivered the invocation and Pledge of Allegiance at
this year's Navy League dinner in Norfolk.
(L-R Captain Wesley Bannister, USN, Mrs. Suzanne Bannister, Congressman Rigell)
Photo courtesy Ryan Rogowski
Quoteworthy:
I have learned over the years that when one's mind is made up, this diminishes fear; knowing what must be done does away with fear.
Rosa Parks
Helpful Resources
This Week Revisited
On the Floor
On Tuesday, the House passed
H.R. 596 , a bill
to repeal the Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act and health care-related provisions in the Health Care and Education Reconciliation Act of 2010, and for other purposes , by a vote of 239-186. (See
Roll Call #58 )
H.R. 596 repeals, in full: 1) the Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act ( Public Law 111-148 ); and 2) all healthcare-related provisions in the Health Care and Education Reconciliation Act of 2010 ( Public Law 111-152 ) 180 days after the bills enactment.
Moreover, this legislation directs relevant committees to report to the House alternative healthcare solutions based upon a number of guiding principles, including: lowering healthcare costs; promoting job creation and economic growth; preserving a patient's ability to keep their healthcare plan; providing people with pre-existing conditions access to affordable healthcare coverage; reforming the medical liability system; and increasing the number of insured Americans.
On Wednesday, the House passed
H.R. 50 , the
Unfunded Mandates Information and Transparency Act of 2015 , by a vote of 250-173. (See
Roll Call #64 )
H.R. 50 amends the Unfunded Mandates Reform Act (UMRA) and the Congressional Budget Act of 1974 to require the CBO to assess the cost of changes in conditions that may be required of state, local, and tribal governments in order to receive federal assistance, and eliminates the current exemptions held by independent regulatory agencies from the UMRA reporting requirements.
On Thursday, the House passed
H.R. 527 , the
Small Business Regulatory Flexibility Improvements Act of 2015 , by a vote of 260-163. (See
Roll Call #68 )
H.R. 527 amends the Regulatory Flexibility Act (RFA) and the Small Business Regulatory Enforcement Fairness Act (SBREFA) to expand the number of rules subject to the RFA, and requires agencies to meet additional requirements when conducting a regulatory flexibility analysis to account for how a regulation would affect small businesses.
Moreover, this legislation closes loopholes and reduces the burden that over-regulation places on small businesses; expands the terms of the biannual regulatory agenda mandated under the RFA; and clarifies how agencies are to conduct periodic regulatory reviews.
Next Week At a Glance
Next week, in addition to suspensions, the House will consider: S. 1, the
Keystone XL Pipeline Approval Act , sponsored by Sen. John Hoeven (R-ND); H.R. 644, the
Fighting Hunger Incentive Act of 2015 , sponsored by Rep. Tom Reed (R-NY); and H.R. 636, the
America's Small Business Tax Relief Act of 2015 , sponsored by Rep. Pat Tiberi (R-OH).
Watch live floor proceedings in the House of Representatives (when in session)
See whats happening in the U.S. Senate
2015 House Legislative Calendar (114th Congress, First Session)
WEBSITE
|
UNSUBSCRIBE
|
CONTACT
Click Here Click Here