
Fellow Illinoisans,
This month,
a
freight train carrying crude oil from
North Dakota derailed in northern
Illinois, near the town of Galena
and close to the
Mississippi. Five of the cars burst into
flames and burned for days. Thanks to the
great work of federal, state, and local
officials who responded to the derailment,
the situation was contained and, thankfully,
no one was hurt.
Transportation accidents like the one in
Galena remind us how important it is to have
modern infrastructure and state of the art
transport equipment. A long-term
transportation bill is critical to improve
our mass transit system and build roads and
bridges that will spur economic development.
After President Obamas State of the
Union, I said that one of the first bills the
114th Congress should take up is one that
renews our federal transportation programs,
long-term.
At the end of May, funding for the Highway
Trust Fund faces a deadline. The fund
accounts for 75 percent of Illinois
annual transportation spending and without
Congressional action, it could impact
construction projects across our country.
Infrastructure needs are far greater than the
revenue gained to fund them. The American
Society of Civil Engineers graded our
nations infrastructure a D+. It is up
to Congress to replenish this fund and it
should be done by passing a comprehensive,
long-term federal transportation bill.
This week, I sat down with members of the
Illinois Road and Transportation Builders
Association (IRTBA). The IRTBA, comprised of
contractors, suppliers, and design firms,
help construct Illinois highways,
transit systems, railways, and aviation
systems. Their hard work fuels our
states economy. During our meeting
they made it clear to me how important it is
for Congress to pass a long-term federal
transportation bill. They told me that
certainty is key: short-term, stop-gap
measures dont cut it. At best it puts
a band-aid on our problems. A long-term
solution allows for better planning, more job
certainty, and the most cost-effective
solutions. Their operations depend on it and
so does Illinois.
I also met with transit leaders from the
Regional Transportation Authority, including
Northeast Regional Chairman Kirk Dillard, who
had the same message: pass a long-term bill.
They depend on the same certainty of
investment to maintain and operate tracks,
buses, and rail cars. Millions of people
across Illinois depend on transit to get to
work on time and safely, and a lapse in
funding would cause significant disruption to
services.
In addition to investing in our roads and
transit, Congress is also looking to
reauthorize passenger rail
programsthis means Amtrak. In
February, I had the pleasure of discussing
rail transportation issues in Illinois with
Amtrak President Joe Boardman and Board
Chairman Tony Coscia. Illinoisans depend on
the trains for everyday life, from going to
work to seeing friends and family. Without
sufficient investment, Amtraks
services and operational improvements may be
disrupted. President Boardman and Chairman
Coscia expressed their support for Amtrak in
Illinois to me and I will continue to fight
to improve Amtrak service and keep it up to
speed.
The last thing Americans need now is
another manufactured crisis to disrupt lives,
and thats why the Senate
shouldnt waste any more time before
passing critical transportation bills. We can
do it in bipartisan fashion as it has been
historically. Lets keep America on the
right track, infrastructure projects alive,
and our economys motor firing on all
cylinders.
Sincerely,
Dick Durbin
United States Senator
If you did not sign up to receive this email or no longer
wish to receive future updates, please
click here to unsubscribe .
Sent from the office of U.S. Senator Dick Durbin