
Saturday, March 21, 2015
WEBSITE
|
FORWARD TO A FRIEND
| SHARE ON:
Congressional Report
Dear Friends,
Please take a moment to read my latest update from Washington and Texas Congressional District 28. You can stay connected by signing up for my weekly email
here.
Meeting with CBP Commissioner Thomas Winkowski
On March 11,
Miguel Ramirez, a legislative fellow in my D.C. office, met with Customs and Border Protection Commissioner Thomas S. Winkowski to discuss ongoing projects with CBP and also presented him with a congressional recognition on my behalf.
Last month,
CBP and I announced the PRIDE (Professionalism, Respect, Integrity, Diversity and Excellence) Initiative that will be implemented at South Texas Ports of Entry.
Click here
to read more information.
Discussing Senior Citizen Health in the Rio Grande Valley
On March 16, my southern district outreach coordinator, Narda Terrones, attended a meeting with the Rio Grande Valley Chamber of Commerce and the City of Pharr to discuss senior citizen health including Medicare and Medicaid and how to stay healthy.
Intern Spotlight
Dallas native Justin Rayome is an intern at my San Antonio District Office. Currently a senior studying political economics at the
University of the Incarnate Word. Justin plans to attend law school in the fall.
Justin decided to intern with my office in order to gain comprehensive knowledge of how our federal representatives work to benefit their constituency.
Read more about Justin and other interns in my office
here .
Find out how to apply for an internship with my office either in the district or in D.C.
here .
TX28 Federal Agency Tips
Tips for Filing Your Taxes for Free with the IRS
This video from the Internal Revenue Service
explains how you can file your tax returns and receive your federal income tax return for free at IRS.gov.
Sincerely,
Henry Cuellar
The House of Representatives is in session next week
CONNECT
Rep. Cuellar In the News
3/13/15, KGBT: Cuellar: Mexico has taken proactive steps to ease illegal immigration
3/11/15, Los Angeles Times: Immigrant border surge dips; crossings forecast to rise in summer
3/11/15, McAllen Monitor: Having PRIDE in our borders
3/10/15, KGBT: Providing feedback encouraged at border crossings
3/10/15, McAllen Monitor: CBP appoints officers to handle border crosser complaints
3/10/15, El Periodico USA: Revelan programa que mejora atencin en puentes fronterizos
Neighborhood Office Hours
Tuesday, March 24
Poteet City Hall
474 Avenue H
10:00am - 11:00am
Poteet, TX
Lytle City Hall
14916 Main
12:00pm - 1:00pm
Lytle, TX
Have a question about neighborhood office hours?
Call my toll free number at 877-780-0028
NOTE: Please DO NOT respond to this email as this inbox is unattended. To contact my office please
click here
UPDATE SUBSCRIPTION OPTIONS
|
PRIVACY POLICY
|
CONTACT US
Click Here Click Here