
If you are
having trouble viewing this message or would like to share it on a social
network, you can
view
the message online .
February 26, 2015
Update My Profile
A MESSAGE FROM CONGRESSMAN STENY H. HOYER
We are two days away from House Republicans allowing funding for the
Department of Homeland Security to expire, which will shut down the
Department and put our countrys national security at risk. If the
Department shuts down, nearly 4,500 employees in the state of Maryland
will be impacted, forcing some front-line personnel to be furloughed and
others to work without pay, including many in the Fifth District.
This also means that recruitment and training for law enforcement
will stop and the United States Secret Service training facility in
Beltsville, Maryland will be forced to close. In Maryland and our district,
state and local preparedness grant programs funded through DHS will
be halted. This includes:
The Transit Security Grant
Program that improves security measures at our bus and rail
systems;
The State Homeland Security Grant Program that
provides support to local police departments to address training and
equipment needs in order to prevent terrorism and other catastrophic events;
and
The Port Security Grant Program which provides
security services at the Port of Baltimore.
This week,
I cosponsored the DHS Employee Retroactive Pay Fairness Act, which
would ensure that all federal Department of Homeland Security employees
receive retroactive pay if there is a shutdown, regardless of furlough
status. The dedicated employees of the Department of Homeland
Security should not be punished if Republicans decide to shut down the
Department over their political agenda. I also
spoke
on the House floor and urged my colleagues to pass a clean DHS
funding bill.
The people of Maryland's Fifth District and
our nation deserve better, and I will continue to stand up for
Department of Homeland Security employees and call for passage of a clean
funding bill before this critical agency is forced to shut down on
February 28.
As always, thank you for allowing me to share this
update with you, and please continue to share your concerns and insights
with me by contacting my office or connecting with me on
Facebook ,
Twitter ,
or
YouTube .
With warmest
regards, I am
Sincerely yours,
Steny H.
Hoyer
Update My Profile
Unsubscribe
|
Privacy Policy
This is an
official e-mail from Congressman Steny Hoyer. You have
received this e-mail because you subscribed to Congressman Hoyer 's
E-Newsletter, authorizing Rep. Hoyer to send periodic
updates to your
e-mail address.
We are committed to protecting your privacy, so
your e-mail address will NEVER be sold or exchanged. If you would like
to unsubscribe from this newsletter, please reply to
this message with
"Unsubscribe" in the subject
line.
gateway mail end
