
"To care for him who shall have borne the battle and for his widow and his orphan." - Abraham Lincoln
My view of the Clay Hunt Suicide Prevention Act being signed into law by President Obama.
March 2, 2015
Good morning El Paso!
This is a regular email I send to recap recent developments and preview upcoming issues.
Clay Hunt Suicide Prevention Act
Signed into Law
Earlier this month I was invited to the White House to witness the President sign a bill to improve mental health access for our country's veterans.
Specifically, The
Clay Hunt Suicide Prevention Act will :
Improve oversight of mental health programs at both DoD and VA;
Require the VA to create a one-stop shop website that will provide veterans with
information on all the mental health care services available to them through the
VA;
Establish a pilot program for loan repayments of psychiatrists who commit to working at
the VA for a set period of time; and
Create a new community reintegration program to assist veterans transitioning from active duty and improve their access to mental health services.
The Clay Hunt Suicide Prevention for Americas Veterans Act is a step in the right direction to address veterans mental health care, but in El Paso there are still far too many veterans who lack timely access to care. I will continue to push the VA to use all available resources and work to provide additional resources and incentives so that we can provide El Pasos veterans with the care they deserve.
If you or a loved one is in crisis, please contact the
Veterans Crisis Line
at 1-800-273-8255 and press 1; or Text to 838255; or chat online here ( http://www.veteranscrisisline.net ) to speak confidentially to a qualified, caring healthcare professional.
Does the Authorization for Use of Military Force Get to the Real Challenges in the Middle East?
I wanted to share with you a my thoughts from one of the most fascinating hearings I've attended during my time in Congress.
"What is the State of Islamic Extremism?
with Testimony from
William Braniff , Executive Director National Consortium for the Study of Terrorism and Responses to Terrorism, LTG
Michael Flynn , USA (ret.) Former Director of Defense Intelligence Agency and
Dr. Marc Lynch
Professor at George Washington University.
Some takeaways from notes I took during the hearing:
LTG Flynn
calls for a World War 2 and/or Cold War level of engagement lasting decades with Islamic extremists. He also cautioned us against approving an
Authorization for Use of Military Force (AUMF)
until there is a clear, comprehensive strategy from the Administration (I havent seen one, have you?). But perhaps his most interesting comments centered on the governance of Middle East states and the fact that corruption and repression and failure to adhere to international law and global norms have created the conditions that allow for the rise of
Isis, Al-Qaida , and other Islamic extremist organizations. His point: these governments are our allies
until we ensure there are consequences for their poor governance then we will further perpetuate the problem. He challenged us to have the courage of our values and see the larger interest of the region and possibly cut ties with those who do not reform.
Dr. Lynch
cautioned against an overly simplistic response to Islamic extremism and provided some of the historical and cultural context for ISIS and our challenges in the Middle East. My colleague
Tulsi Gabbard
asked a good question about whether or not we should continue with the fiction that Iraq, and perhaps Syria, are salvageable countries. And whether we should instead assist in the formation of autonomous regions or new States, which provide homelands for the Sunni, Shia and Kurdish populations there. Lynch argued that some kind of federal system is still needed and that creating a Sunni homeland is exactly what Isis is doing right now. I would argue that while that might be true, it shouldnt in itself poison the idea and perhaps 100-years after Sykes-Picot its time to acknowledge that the lines dont work, and the people of the Middle East should be allowed self-determination, peaceful if at all possible.
Could not have been a more timely hearing, considering that Congress will soon make a decision on whether to support an AUMF in Iraq and Syria. Do we have the stomach and the discipline (and perhaps the national interest) to enter into a Cold War/WW2 level of aggression in the Middle East lasting decades? Do we have the willpower to divorce our interests from those allies who lead corrupt regimes (Iraq and Afghanistan) or weak states (Yemen) or repressive monarchies that institutionalize intolerance (Saudi Arabia)
Can we win militarily? Can we even define what winning looks like?
The
full hearing
is available here:
http://goo.gl/bposcZ , I invite you to listen to the testimony and the questions from members of the Committee. Please share your thoughts and questions with me.
Prime Minister Netanyahu's speech
I've received a number of emails inquiring about Prime Minister Netanyahu's upcoming speech to Congress. I have made the decision not to attend and want to explain why in yesterday's
El Paso Times :
http://goo.gl/fBP4Qe
Save the Date
Please consider joining me at one of my upcoming town hall meetings.
General Town Hall Meeting : Saturday, March 7, 2015 at
Cathedral High School
Guereca Auditorium 1309 North Stanton Street, El Paso, TX 79902
9 a.m. to 10 a.m.
to RSVP click here:
http://goo.gl/RP2RCw
Veterans Town Hall Meeting:
Saturday, March 7, 2015
at Cathedral High School
Guereca Auditorium 1309 North Stanton Street, El Paso, TX 79902
1:00 p.m. to 2:00 p.m. to RSVP click here:
http://goo.gl/ZjMnWX
Report Launch: The US - Mexico Border Economy in Transition
This month the
Wilson Center
launched an important new report about
U S - Mexico Border
economies.
I along with some of my colleagues from the border got a chance to speak on the value of communities like
El Paso
to the national economy.
You can watch the panel discussion of the report launch here:
http://goo.gl/U9t2Ek
or
download
the report in its entirety here:
http://goo.gl/GU1Wk1 .
In Case You Missed It: This Month's Committee Hearings
Planning the future of the
El Paso VA Health Care System : Clip from House Committee on Veterans' Affairs hearing earlier this month. Click here to watch:
http://goo.gl/7DHfXO
Is it time to
rethink our approach in the Middle East ? Watch this and tell me what you think:
http://goo.gl/SZa3Rg
How can we improve collaboration between the
Department of Defense
and the
VA ?
http://goo.gl/Ya6Hbl
I also provide up-to-the-minute updates on committee work, recent House votes and pending legislation on my Facebook page. Please 'like' the page at
https://www.facebook.com/BetoORourkeTX16
to keep abreast and share your comments and constructive criticism.
I try to keep these emails as relevant and to-the-point as I can. Hit
'reply'
if you've got questions or a suggestion on how I can improve these monthly emails.
Follow me on Twitter:
@RepBetoORourke
Sincerely,
Beto O'Rourke
Member of Congress
[if gte mso 6]>
<![endif]
Click Here
to view this email in your browser
Click Here
to be removed from this list