
Can't see the pictures? Select "Always display images" or
view this message in your browser .
February 5, 2015
Great Turnout at the 2015 Tuition Fair
Last Saturday, more than 500 students and parents came to learn about how to finance college and apply for scholarships.
Thank you, College in Colorado, Adams County School District 50, Westminster High School, Arturo Jimenez, and all the great organizations who made this event so valuable to families looking to make college more affordable.
Couldn&rsquo;t make the Tuition Fair? Check out the information and resources available on my
Financing College webpage .
New Committee Assignment
I&rsquo;m pleased to announce I will join the
House Committee on Science, Space, and Technology
in the 114th Congress. Colorado is leading the nation&rsquo;s efforts in energy research, developing cutting edge technologies, and the space program. Having a member from the &lrm;Colorado delegation on the committee will benefit the state&rsquo;s aerospace economy,
drive future innovation and job creation, and help advance important projects such as
NASA&rsquo;s Orion Spacecraft
and
the Space Launch System , the
Joint Polar Satellite System (JPSS 1 and 2)
next generation weather satellites, and other climate-related instruments.
National laboratories such as the
National Renewable Energy Laboratory
are important for the future of research, innovation, and technology. I also want to work to promote STEM education so we can educate and train future generations and ensure our nation is responsibly using its energy resources. These are all important issues for my district, the state of Colorado and the nation.
In addition to this new assignment, I will continue serving on the
House Committee on Financial Services .
Survey Results: &ldquo;What&rsquo;s your priority for Congress?&rdquo;
Thank you to the nearly 400 people who participated in the survey from my last e-newsletter. If you did not take my survey, you can add your voice by
clicking here . Hearing from you helps me to better represent and advocate for your needs in Washington D.C.
Here&rsquo;s what you said were your top priorities for the 114th Congress:
Buying a new home? Get a grant for the down payment.
Colorado Housing and Finance Authority (CHFA) is now offering a new grant (up to three percent of the loan amount) to eligible homebuyers.
Requirements:
Credit Score of 620 or higher
First or non-first-time homebuyer
Complete CHFA homebuyer education class
Meet CHFA income requirements
Click here for details and eligibility.
House GOP Takes 56th Vote to Repeal Affordable Care Act
This week, House Republicans felt it was necessary to take a 56th vote to undermine the Affordable Care Act. Again, there were no new ideas on how to &ldquo;replace&rdquo; the law, only another empty vote to &ldquo;repeal.&rdquo;
This law is helping millions of people, including my wife, get access to affordable health coverage. We cannot go back to letting people with preexisting conditions be discriminated against. On Tuesday,
I spoke on the House floor about how the Affordable Care Act helped my wife get the surgery she needed .
Connect With Me
Facebook
Twitter
YouTube
Congressman Ed Perlmutter
Unsubscribe
Washington DC Office
1410 Longworth House Office
Building
Washington, DC 20515
Phone: 202.225.2645
Fax: 202.225.5278
District Office
12600 West Colfax Avenue, Suite
B-400
Lakewood, CO 80215
Phone: 303.274.7944
Fax: 303.274.6455
Please do not reply to this email.
To contact me, please
click here
and let me know your thoughts on how I can better represent your beliefs and values in our nation's Capitol.
