
They&rsquo;re not letting it go. The GOP just won&rsquo;t let go of their attack on Social Security -- even though it&rsquo;s a horrible and unpopular idea
David -- They&rsquo;re not letting it go.
The GOP just won&rsquo;t let go of their attack on Social Security -- even though it&rsquo;s a horrible and unpopular idea, even though millions of Americans rely on Social Security, and even though Republicans have been told &ldquo;NO&rdquo; dozens of times. They just keep trying.
First, in January, House Republicans manufactured a Social Security funding crisis that could result in
ELEVEN MILLION disabled workers getting their benefits cut by nearly 20% -- and seniors could be next.
Just yesterday, the Senate Republicans held a hearing to try to push this same strategy.
Democrats are standing up to them. But they need your help.
Will you stand with Senate Democrats and denounce Republicans who are trying to undermine Social Security? We need your signature in the next 24 hours!
Your Action History
Last Petition Signed:
N/A
Social Security Petition:
Signature Pending &gt;&gt;
It seems like every year the GOP launches yet another attack on America&rsquo;s most successful federal program, which has kept millions of families out of poverty. They claim it&rsquo;s running out of money, or it&rsquo;s inefficient.
But last month Rand Paul slipped up and told a roomful of supporters what he really thinks of people receiving Social Security. He said, &ldquo;Everybody in this room knows somebody who&rsquo;s gaming the system...
Over half the people on disability are either anxious or their back hurts. Join the club.&rdquo;
Paul&rsquo;s statement is categorically false, and his callous attitude toward people who rely on Social Security is outrageous. Yet this is exactly the type of opinion underlying Republican attacks. We refuse to let them get away with it.
Add your name to tell Republicans to end their attacks on Social Security!
Thank you,
DSCC Rapid Response
P.S. Our efforts to protect Social Security and hold Republicans accountable are powered by grassroots Democrats like you.
Pitch in today.
Democratic Senatorial Campaign Committee
P.O. Box 96047
Washington, DC 20090
Paid for by the Democratic Senatorial Campaign Committee, dscc.org,
and not authorized by any candidate or candidate&#39;s committee.
The DSCC is the only organization solely dedicated to supporting Democrats in the U.S. Senate. This message was sent to dj724530@gmail.com because you are a part of the DSCC&rsquo;s grassroots network. Please add us to your address book or approved senders list to make sure you keep receiving DSCC updates.
Emails are a critical way for us to stay in touch with our grassroots supporters. 99% of the DSCC&rsquo;s contributions come from grassroots donors giving less than $200. We also strive to keep you updated on issues related to the Democratic Party&rsquo;s values.
If you&rsquo;d like to stop receiving emails related to this campaign, please
click here .
If you&#39;d like to make a contribution to support us, please
click here . We are already beginning to prepare for the fight ahead &ndash; reclaiming the majority in 2016. It will take every single grassroots supporter, but we know it&rsquo;s possible with your help. If you&rsquo;d like to stop receiving all emails from the DSCC, please
unsubscribe . We greatly appreciate your continued support.
Contributions or gifts to the DSCC are not tax deductible.
