 Mail
begin
If you are having
trouble viewing this message or would like to share it on a social network,
you can
view the message
online .
HOME
ABOUT ME
ISSUES
SERVICES
CONTACT
February 20, 2015
I want to take this opportunity to explain
why I support Trade Promotion Authority (TPA) legislation, sometimes
referred to as Fast Track, which will restore a key component of our
trade policy to help our nations manufacturers and agricultural
producers grow and create good paying jobs here at home.
To
quote Edwin Messe, Attorney General under President Reagan, It is
extremely difficult for any U.S. President to negotiate significant trade
deals if he cannot assure other nations that Congress will refrain
from adding numerous amendments and conditions that must then be taken
back to the negotiating table.
A typical fast track
agreement will set guidelines within which the president may negotiate
the potential treaty.
The president may not conclude an agreement
that goes outside of the congressionally mandated guidelines.
Once the treaty is concluded, both houses of Congress must then approve
or reject the treaty through an expedited process that limits debate
and procedural delaying tactics.
While the first
modern Fast Track authority was granted in the Trade Act of 1974, the
president and his diplomats have negotiated economic agreements since the
earliest days of the republic.
The first such treaty of note,
commonly referred to as the Jay Treaty, was conducted by John Jay, one
of the Founding Fathers, during his service to our nation as a special
envoy to Great Britain for President George Washington.
The Jay
Treaty covered a variety of issues including issues of trade and
commerce between the United States, Great Britain and British
territories.
Once the treaty had been concluded by Mr. Jay it was submitted
by President Washington to the United States Senate for that chambers
advice and consent.
This pattern of presidential conduction of
trade treaties continues throughout our nations history and because of
this history I am confident that Congress has the constitutional
authority to enact trade promotion authority.
Modern Fast
Track authority is not a general grant of authority to the president
and is in some ways more restrictive than the Congressional oversight
of trade agreements exercised by Congress during our nations early
history.
This is because modern trade agreements typically reflect
changes in the law beyond tariffs, such as certain regulations or
other aspects of the law that can be classified as non-tariff barriers to
trade.
While I agree that we should eliminate regulations and
roll back these barriers to trade so that future trade agreements can
be conducted more easily, we cannot afford to pass up opportunities to
achieve agreements on free trade right now.
Our
economy needs the job creation which free trade offers for American workers
and the lower prices it provides for American
consumers.
Washington
Office
1541 Longworth HOB
Washington, DC 20510
Phone: (202) 225-6536
Fax: (202) 225-5604
Springfield Office
3232 E. Ridgeview St.
Springfield, MO 65804
Phone: (417)
889-1800
Fax: (417) 889-4915
Joplin Office
2727 E. 32nd St. Ste. 2
Joplin, MO
64804
Phone: (417) 781-1041
Fax:
(417) 781-2832
Unsubscribe
|
Update My
Profile
|
Privacy
Policy
gateway mail end
