
Washington Update-Working Towards Reform
Dear David,
The 114th
Congress is off to a busy start and I wanted to send you a brief update about what is going on in our nation&rsquo;s capital. Over the last month, I
have been working in the House of Representatives pursuing meaningful reforms that will once again return fiscal responsibility to Washington and
allow middle class families to prosper. It is important that we work to lower our national debt, grow our economy, and provide our military with the
resources they need to keep America strong both at home and abroad.
Chair of the Republican Study Committee&rsquo;s (RSC) Budget and Spending Task Force
Several weeks
ago, RSC Chairman Tom Flores asked me to lead the committee&rsquo;s Budget and Spending Task Force to produce an alternative to President
Obama&rsquo;s reckless tax and spend budget. This is a responsibility that I take very seriously. If we are going to leave our children and
grandchildren an opportunity to live the American Dream, we have to start making some serious reforms to how Washington spends money. If we are
unwilling to do so, future generations will be buried under mountains of debt and our economy will remain weak. Next week, along with my colleagues in
the RSC, I will put forth a budget that reforms out entitlement programs, cuts punishing taxes, reduces burdensome regulations, and strengthens our
national defense.
Foreign Policy
While we continue to bolster our economic strength here at home, we must always retain our role as a leader on the world stage. Right
now, America and our allies face growing threats around the globe. ISIS continues its reign of terror in parts of Iraq and Syria, Russian separatists
continue to incite violence in Ukraine, and a nuclear deal with Iran remains in question. The United States must never shrink from its role as a
superpower and we must stand with our allies when they need us most. Going forward, I will continue to support policies that keep America safe while
defending our friends abroad.
Members of AIPAC visiting Washington
Medical Device Tax
One of the best ways to grow our
economy is by keeping taxes low. As someone who represents the town of Warsaw, the &ldquo;Orthopedic Capital of the World,&rdquo; I understand that
the medical device tax imposed through Obamacare is hurting the medical device industry. Repealing this unjust tax would be a great way to grow jobs
in our area. Earlier this month I wrote an op-ed explaining exactly why this tax needs to go. You can read my op-ed
here .
Concealed Carry Legislation
On February 12th, I reintroduced the
Constitutional Concealed Carry Reciprocity Act of 2015. This legislation allows law abiding citizens who carry a concealed handgun in their home state
to carry a concealed handgun in every other state in accordance with those states&rsquo; laws. Our Second Amendment right to bear arms is one of our
most important liberties we are afforded as Americans and I will always fight to protect it. Senator John Cornyn introduced an identical bill in the
Senate and we are working very hard to make this bill become law.
Back in the District
On March 13th I had the privilege of attending a ribbon cutting ceremony for a
new VA medical facility in Fort Wayne. This facility will focus on providing necessary mental health services to help our brave veterans to transition
back into civilian life.
Dr. Deitzen, Mayor Henry, Dr. Singh, and me at the opening of the new VA health annex in Fort Wayne
Congressional Art Competition
Our annual art competition is under way. Every year students from around the 3rd Congressional District have an opportunity to have their artwork
on display at the U.S. Capitol. If you would like to compete, guidelines for the competition can be found
here . More information for students can be found
here . Questions from students can be directed to Kathie Green in
Congressman Stutzman&rsquo;s district office. She can be reached at Kathie.Green@Mail.House.gov or at 260-424-3041.
Academy Day-April 18th
Each year Academy Day is held
for students who are interested in being nominated and applying to one of America&rsquo;s service academies. These schools include the Air Force
Academy, Coast Guard Academy, Merchant Marine Academy, Naval Academy, and West Point. The event will be held at the Air National Guard Base, 3005
Ferguson Rd, Fort Wayne, Indiana 46809. Registration is from 1:00 &ndash; 1:30 PM and the event goes until 3:00 PM.
Interested students should RSVP
by sending their full names and driver&rsquo;s license number to Kathie.Green@Mail.House.gov or by calling Kathie at (260) 424-3041.
Stay Engaged
We want to hear from
you. Please continue to stay engaged and involved with regard to the issues you care about. Visit our
website
and follow us on
Facebook
and on
Twitter
to share your concerns.
This message was intended for:
dj724530@gmail.com
You were added to the system November 9, 2013.
For more information
click here .
Update your preferences
Unsubscribe
|
Unsubscribe via email
