
Keeping Our Children Safe
The potential danger of sexual and violent predators in our children's classrooms is real, and it's a serious problem that I am determined to tackle. That is why, next week, Sen. Joe Manchin (D-W. Va.) and I will be reintroducing our bipartisan legislation,
Protecting Students from Sexual and Violent Predators Act.
This commonsense bill would require background checks on all school employees who have unsupervised access to children. Our bill also would ban "passing the trash" - the terrible practice of a school helping a child predator obtain a new job in another school.
As a father of three young children, I cannot imagine the pain and suffering of a parent whose child is sexually assaulted. No family should have to endure such a tragedy. I am looking forward to coming together with my colleagues on both sides of the aisle to protect our kids.
Unfortunately, cases of abuse in Pennsylvania schools are all too common.
Action News 4 in Pittsburgh uncovered a tragic story that shows why Congress needs to take action. Please take a minute to watch the story
here .
Protecting America From A Nuclear Iran
I am working to protect Americans from the very serious threat of a nuclear-armed Iran. Since the president began negotiations with Iran, this hostile nation's efforts to obtain nuclear weapons have expanded, not contracted. The White House is lacking a sense of urgency on this critically important issue, and it is the responsibility to Congress to provide just that.
The U.S. Senate will soon consider tougher, conditional sanctions on Iran in an effort to halt them from continuing their nuclear weapons program. I support more robust sanctions and want such legislation to include three essential elements. It should be at least as strong as the bipartisan Nuclear Weapons Free Iran Act of 2013; the President should seek to preclude any uranium-enrichment capability by Iran in any final agreement; and Congress should vote on this agreement before it goes into effect.
Restoring the threat of tough sanctions and ensuring Congress will have the final say on any agreement may be our only hope for keeping this destructive weapon out of Iran's hands.
You can read more about my thoughts on this issue in the
National Review , and watch my interview with MSNBC Morning Joe
here .
Standing Up For Law Enforcement
Recently we have seen headlines about protests that criticize law enforcement in light of events in Ferguson, Mo. and Staten Island, N.Y. Let me be clear: every American has the right to peacefully protest. However, those protesters cross a line when they endorse violence, particularly violence towards law enforcement.
The courageous men and women who risk their lives in law enforcement protect our safety and defend the rights of those who seek peaceably to assemble, to protest, and to worship. Law enforcement officers deserve to be treated with respect and should not be the target of threats and violence.
Last month, I stood with law enforcement officers and their supporters from across Pennsylvania on Independence Mall in Philadelphia during the Delaware Valley Pro-Blue rally.
That's the photo above.
Don't forget to thank a law enforcement officer when you see him or her. I think it's the least we can do considering the sacrifices our police men and women make every day.
You can read my entire thoughts on standing with our law enforcement
here .
Honoring A Pennsylvania Hero
On Tuesday afternoon, I attended a Congressional Gold Medal Ceremony in the Capitol to honor the First Special Service Force that fought during World War II. One of the veterans from this unit in attendance was Bert Winzer from Lower Macungie, Lehigh County. I was glad to visit Bert before the ceremony started to thank him for his service and dedication to our country.
We have met before in May 2013 at a National Military Appreciation Month event in Allentown.
There I learned that he had not received all the medals he earned in World War II and I was able to work with the Pentagon to track down his Bronze Star, European-African Middle Eastern Campaign Medal, Combat Infantryman Badge and Special Forces Tab.
Bert is a great American and a great hero. The ceremony was an important way to make sure that his "Devil's Brigade" is remembered.
You can see more photos from the ceremony
here , and read more about Bert Winzer's trip to Washington
here .
American Small Business: Spurring Innovation and Job Creation
Starting a business is a risky thing to do. I started a chain of restaurants in Allentown in 1990 with two of my brothers. We used our own savings to fund the start-up costs and worked day and night to create hundreds of jobs in the Allentown and Lancaster region. So I understand the unique struggles, uncertainties, and risks involved in starting one's own business. We can make it easier to be innovative.
That is why I am leading a bipartisan group which includes Sens. Menendez (N.J.), Roberts (Kansas), and Carper (Del.) to propose a bill that will free up money and time that small businesses could better use to re-invest and hire more workers. The
Start-up Jobs and Innovation Act
would reform our tax code to foster job creation and boost economic growth, while making it easier for small businesses, manufacturers, and family farms to comply with complicated tax rules.
You can read more about my efforts to help small businesses
here .
ALLENTOWN, PA
PH: (610) 434-1444
ERIE, PA
PH: (814) 453-3010
HARRISBURG, PA
PH: (717) 782-3951
JOHNSTOWN, PA
PH: (814) 266-5970
PHILADELPHIA, PA
PH: (215) 241-1090
PITTSBURGH, PA
PH: (412) 803-3501
SCRANTON, PA
PH: (570) 941-3540
WASHINGTON, D.C.
PH: (202) 224-4254
UNSUBSCRIBE
