
March 3, 2015
Website
Forward to a friend
Follow me on:
Updates from the 35th District
In today's Update:
Saturday Office Hours
Job Creation Listening Tour
Congressional Art Competition
District Recap
SATURDAY OFFICE HOURS
Do you have questions about federal issues or are you experiencing problems with a federal agency?
Come see me and my staff at our first "Congress on Your Corner" Saturday office hours for help.
We can provide assistance with military issues, the VA, Medicare, Social Security, the IRS, immigration, or other federal matters.
Saturday, March 7th
12:30 - 2:30pm
Office of Congresswoman Norma Torres
3200 Inland Empire Boulevard
Ontario, CA 91764
For additional information or to RSVP, please call our office at (909) 481-6474 or email aura.sandoval@mail.house.gov.
And if you can't make it on Saturday, give my office a call to speak with a member of my team.
CONGRESSIONAL ART COMPETITION
Are you a talented young artist? Do you know someone who is? Each spring, the House of Representatives sponsors a nationwide high school visual art competition to recognize and encourage artistic talent throughout the nation.
I am proud to have the opportunity to select a new student to represent California's 35th congressional district.
All entered art work will be displayed at the dA Center for the Arts in Pomona, and the winning piece will be displayed for one year in the U.S. Capitol Complex.
The student must reside in the 35th District, but you do not need to be an art student to enter or to win.
Click here for more information.
JOB CREATION LISTENING TOUR
I'm excited to announce the launch of my district-wide economic listening tour. Over the next several weeks, I'll be bringing together constituents, businesses, and local leaders to hear their ideas on creating jobs and growing the Inland Empire's economy.
The ideas that come out of the listening tour will shape my legislative agenda in DC. Stay tuned for a recap of these discussions and updates on what I'm doing in Washington to make sure the needs of our community are heard.
We're at a crucial point in the country's economic recovery, and by working together, we can ensure the Inland Empire doesn't get left behind.
DISTRICT RECAP
During the February District Work Period, I had the opportunity to attend and host events throughout the district and meet with a wide range of constituents.
Below, are a few photos from the week.
Attended Montclair's City Council meeting to discuss local issues
Hosted a Senior Scam Stopper seminar to help seniors avoid fraud
Discussed job training opportunities with labor leaders
Joined Homeland Security Committee Ranking Member Thompson on a tour of the Port Long
Beach's Joint Command and Control Center
Warmly,
Norma J. Torres
Member of Congress
Washington, DC Office
516 Cannon House Office Building
Washington, DC 20515
Phone: (202) 225-6161
Fax: (202) 225-8671
Ontario Office
3200 Inland Empire Blvd., Suite 200B
Ontario, CA 91764
Phone: (909) 481-6474
Fax: (909) 941-1362
WEBSITE
|
UNSUBSCRIBE
|
CONTACT
Click Here Click Here