
Dear Friend,
Thank you for signing up to receive my email newsletter. These
newsletters will cover a variety of topics, including events happening
in Indiana, legislation being considered in Congress, and my
perspective on current issues. My hope is to keep you updated and
informed on how issues in Washington may impact Hoosiers. I welcome
your feedback.
Thanks for reading,
Dan Coats
_____
Waste of the Week
Every month, I receive hundreds of letters and emails from Hoosiers
asking me about Washington's spending problem. They tell me: if we have
to balance and live within our budgets, why doesn't the federal
government?
They're right. When taxpayers send their hard-earned money to
Washington, it is our job to be responsible stewards of those funds.
This year alone our government is projected to run a $468 billion
deficit. Some may say that this is a revenue problem, but our tax
revenues are above historic averages. This is a spending problem.
In the past, I have offered amendments or supported legislation to cut
spending. This week I launched a new initiative I am calling "Waste of
the Week." I plan to go to the Senate floor every week and highlight
real examples of Washington's waste, simple ways that we can reduce the
burden of debt on future generations.
My first "Waste of the Week" speech looked at double dipping. Some
individuals have figured out how to game the system that has been put
into place to assist Americans who have fallen on hard times. They tell
one part of the government that they are disabled and cannot work and
another that they are looking for work but cannot find employment.
As a result, these individuals are able to collect both Unemployment
Insurance and Disability Insurance. This should not be possible.
Getting rid of this loophole could save American taxpayers $5.7
billion, and I am supporting legislation to do just that.
Washington has a spending problem. I know it, and you know it. By
laying out simple ways to cut Washington's waste, I hope that
eventually these small solutions might add up to big savings for the
American taxpayer.
To listen to my speech on the Senate floor about "Waste of the Week,"
click on the image or here.
_____
DHS Funding, Obama Executive Amnesty Votes
I hoped that we could address homeland security funding and President
Obama's executive amnesty together, but not one Senate Democrat was
willing to support a homeland security funding bill that stopped the
president's illegal actions. The unwillingness of Senate Democrats to
debate, let alone vote on, the DHS funding bill passed by the House
created a no-win situation. With DHS funding expiring at midnight
Friday night, senators were forced to choose between funding our
homeland security priorities or shutting down this important department.
Director of National Intelligence James Clapper recently stated that
today we face the most diverse threats he has seen in his fifty-one
years in the intelligence business. Given these realities, we must fund
the Department of Homeland Security at this critical time. As a member
of the Senate Intelligence Committee, I am keenly aware of the level of
threats that currently exist and the need to do everything we can to
protect the American people from an attack.
I remain steadfastly opposed to President Obama's executive amnesty and
will support additional legislative efforts to prevent his
unconstitutional actions. A federal district court has already ruled
that President Obama acted unlawfully and blocked implementation of his
amnesty order, providing another avenue to address his actions.
Coats in the News
Coats Opposes FCC Plan to Regulate Internet
DC Report: Sen. Coats expresses frustrations
Reaction to the death of Father Hesburgh
Coats to speak weekly on waste
Indiana to receive Cyber Protection team
_____
Stay Connected
_____
Coats with Hoosiers
Members of the Indiana American Legion and I discussed issues facing
veterans.
I talked to members of the Indiana Farm Bureau.
Ann Brown of Indianapolis stopped by for a tour of the Capitol.
I addressed the Greater Lafayette Chamber of Commerce during their
annual trip to DC.
_____
To unsubscribe please
Click Here
Contact Me
Latest News
A message
from Senator Dan Coats
Dear
Friend,
Thank you for signing up to receive my email
newsletter. These newsletters will cover a variety of topics,
including
events happening in Indiana, legislation being
considered
in Congress, and my perspective on current issues.
My
hope is to keep you updated and informed on how issues in Washington may impact Hoosiers. I welcome your
feedback.
Thanks for reading,
Dan Coats
Waste
of the Week
Every month, I receive hundreds of letters and emails from Hoosiers asking me about
Washington&#8217;s spending problem. They tell me: if we have to balance and live within our budgets,
why doesn&#8217;t the federal government?
They&#8217;re right. When taxpayers send their hard-earned
money to Washington, it is our job to be responsible stewards of those funds. This year alone our government
is projected to run a $468 billion deficit. Some may say that this is a revenue problem, but our tax
revenues are above historic averages. This is a spending problem.
In the past, I have offered amendments or supported legislation
to cut spending. This week I launched a new initiative I am calling &#8220;Waste of the Week.&#8221;
I plan to go to the Senate floor every week and highlight real examples of Washington&#8217;s waste,
simple ways that we can reduce the burden of debt on future generations.
My first &#8220;Waste of the Week&#8221; speech looked
at double dipping. Some individuals have figured out how to game the system that has been put into place
to assist Americans who have fallen on hard times. They tell one part of the government that they are
disabled and cannot work and another that they are looking for work but cannot find employment.
As a result, these individuals are able to collect both
Unemployment Insurance and Disability Insurance. This should not be possible. Getting rid of this loophole
could save American taxpayers $5.7 billion, and I am supporting legislation to do just that.
Washington has a spending problem. I know it, and you
know it. By laying out simple ways to cut Washington&#8217;s waste, I hope that eventually these small
solutions might add up to big savings for the American taxpayer.
To listen to my speech on the Senate floor about &#8220;Waste
of the Week,&#8221; click on the image or
here.
DHS
Funding, Obama Executive Amnesty Votes
I
hoped that we could address homeland security funding and President Obama&#8217;s executive amnesty together,
but not one Senate Democrat was willing to support a homeland security funding bill that stopped the
president&#8217;s illegal actions. The unwillingness of Senate Democrats to debate, let alone vote on,
the DHS funding bill passed by the House created a no-win situation. With DHS funding expiring at midnight
Friday night, senators were forced to choose between funding our homeland security priorities or
shutting down this important department.
Director of National Intelligence James Clapper recently stated that today we face the most diverse
threats he has seen in his fifty-one years in the intelligence business. Given these realities, we must
fund the Department of Homeland Security at this critical time. As a member of the Senate Intelligence
Committee, I am keenly aware of the level of threats that currently exist and the need to do everything
we can to protect the American people from an attack.
I remain steadfastly opposed to President Obama&#8217;s executive amnesty and will support additional
legislative efforts to prevent his unconstitutional actions. A federal district court has already ruled
that President Obama acted unlawfully and blocked implementation of his amnesty order, providing another
avenue to address his actions.
Coats
in the News
Coats
Opposes FCC Plan to Regulate Internet
DC
Report: Sen. Coats expresses frustrations
Reaction
to the death of Father Hesburgh
Coats
to speak weekly on waste
Indiana
to receive Cyber Protection team
Stay
Connected
Coats with Hoosiers
Members
of the Indiana American Legion and I discussed issues facing veterans.
I
talked to members of the Indiana Farm Bureau.
Ann
Brown of Indianapolis stopped by for a tour of the Capitol.
I
addressed the Greater Lafayette Chamber of Commerce during their annual trip to DC.
To
unsubscribe please
Click
Here
Contact
Me Latest
News
