
HOME
ABOUT
ME
CONSTITUENT
SERVICES
NEWS
CONTACT
Ive always believed that frequently engaging with my constituents is one of my most important duties in Congress. Good feedback and commonsense ideas are consistently the products of my interactions with First District residents, whether were communicating via Facebook, over email, or even face to face in the paint aisle at Home Depot. This type of engagement and accountability is critical for all of our elected leaders. One of the other ways in which I am able to stay engaged with the public is through news interviews, which allow me to discuss my efforts in addressing our nations challenges and provide my perspective on issues impactful to our region. This week I want to highlight a few of these recent discussions in case you missed them.
A lengthy appearance on
CSPANs Washington Journal
allowed me to discuss a wide array of issues, from national security funding to the value of vaccinations for children from a public health standpoint. I also reiterated my focus on the fight against the Islamic extremist group known as ISIS, and on the importance of this effort being made up of a coalition of other nations in that region so that it is not just an American effort. Another question that came up was about proposals to change retirement benefits for our veterans, and I reinforced my belief that our nation has an obligation to stand by the benefits earned by those currently serving and who have served. If you have time, please check out the video
online
to hear the full discussion.
I also had the opportunity to appear recently on the
Kojo Nnamdi Show on WAMU
radio. Kojo and I chatted about my daily commutes to Washington from my home in Montross, as well as the history of the First District and the reason its called Americas First. My years as an environmental health specialist were another topic, and I enjoyed the chance to discuss my Chesapeake Bay restoration legislation, which was signed into law in December. The Bay plays a tremendous role in our regions economy, and Kojo and I had a great conversation about the various elements of my legislation and the Bays economic impact. One of our final topics was about the continuing dysfunction in Washington, and I told Kojo about my accountability bills to reform the way Washington works: the No Budget, No Pay Act and the Stay on Schedule resolution. You can listen to our whole conversation
online .
Finally,
I discussed a regional issue with national importance
as part of the
New York Times
Room for Debate series. In response to the question of whether offshore energy exploration in the Atlantic is necessary now that oil prices are so low, I argued that our nations current reliance on fossil fuels,
especially when combined with the volatility of Middle East nations, does in fact necessitate the safe, responsible exploration and development of domestic resources, including those off our coast. In my conclusion to the article I wrote, Responsible energy exploration off the Atlantic coast will help to reinforce the lasting stability of our energy supply and strengthen U.S. economic competitiveness for years to come. I believe that by approaching our energy infrastructure and, indeed, all public policy areas with long-term strategy in mind, we can be more successful as a nation.
I hope youll continue to stay engaged with me as we work together to make our Commonwealth and this nation a better place. The main streets of Virginias First District are full of ideas to get our economy back on track, and your feedback is critically important to me as I serve you. I can be reached by telephone at (202) 225-4261, through my website ( www.wittman.house.gov ), on Facebook ( www.facebook.com/reprobwittman ), and via Twitter ( www.twitter.com/robwittman ).
Offices
Yorktown Office
401 Main Street
Yorktown, VA 23690
Phone: (757) 874-6687
Fax: (757) 874-7164
View
Google Directions
Stafford Office
95 Dunn Drive
Ste. 201
Stafford, Virginia 22556
Phone: (540) 659-2734
Fax: (540) 659-2737
View
Google Directions
Tappahannock Office
508 Church Lane
Tappahannock, VA 22560
Phone: (804) 443-0668
Fax: (804) 443-0671
View
Google Directions
Washington D.C. Office
2454 Rayburn H.O.B.
Washington, DC 20515
Phone: (202) 225-4261
Fax: (202) 225-4382
View
Google Directions
Unsubscribe
|
Update My Profile
|
Privacy Policy
Click Here Click Here