
If you
are having trouble viewing this message or would like to share it on
a social network, you can
view the message online .
About
Contact
Services
Media Center
Legislation
Issues
Resources
March 15, 2015
Friends,
When Im in
Washington, I work to advance policies that will boost our economy, reduce
our debt, and bring jobs home to North Carolina.
As soon as I
finish attending committee hearings and voting, I make it a priority
to return home to our district. I am committed to serving you and our
neighbors, and that means providing top-notch constituent services and
being accessible in the community to hear your needs, thoughts and
concerns.
One of the most rewarding aspects of providing
top-notch constituent services is facilitating unique opportunities for
students.
As a Member of
Congress, it is my privilege to nominate ambitious high school students to
U.S. service academies each year. The most humbling part about this
responsibility is notifying students once theyve been appointed to
attend one of our prestigious academies.
Just last week, I had
the honor of notifying a young man from Marshville about his appointment
to the U.S. Military Academy at West Point and a young woman from
Concord about her appointment to the U.S. Air Force Academy.
I
was thrilled to deliver the good news and congratulate JB and Jenna on
their outstanding accomplishments. I applaud their hard work and
dedication and have no doubt they will continue to make our community proud
as they take this extraordinary step to serve our
country.
This is just one
example of the many opportunities my offices provide to students in
North Carolinas eighth congressional district. Take a look at the list
below to see what else we can do to support students of all ages in our
community!
Service Academy Nominations : If youre a high
school student and would like to be nominated to one of our nations
service academies, contact my office in Concord to go through the
application process. Applications are due November 2,
2015.
Tours of
Washington : Individuals, families and school groups who are visiting our
nations capital can reach out to my Washington, DC office to arrange a
tour of the U.S. Capitol and other national attractions. While youre in
Washington, be sure to stop by your office that I work in
429
Cannon House Office Building!
Internship opportunities : Internships are
an excellent opportunity for college students who are interested in
learning more about public service and our government. Internships are
offered in my offices in Washington, DC Concord, and Rockingham. Our
bright interns help staff with a variety of duties and are involved in
many educational opportunities in
Congress.
Congressional Art
Competition : Each spring, the Congressional Institute sponsors a nationwide
high school visual art competition to recognize and encourage artistic
talent in the nation and in each congressional district. Students can
submit entries to my office, and a panel of judges from the district
will select the winning entries. The winning works are displayed for one
year at the U.S. Capitol. The deadline for this years art
competition is April 24, 2015.
From
nominating students to our prestigious military service academies to helping
folks who are having problems with federal agencies, I believe the
work I do through constituent services is the most important part of my
job.
As your Representative in Congress, I remain committed
to providing superior constituent services and unique opportunities for
you and your families. Please dont hesitate to contact my offices at
704-786-1612 (Concord); 910-997-2070 (Rockingham); or 202-225-3715
(Washington, DC); if we can help you in any
way.
Until next week,
Richard
Hudson
Member of Congress (NC-08)
Concord Office
325 McGill Ave,
NW
Suite 500
Concord, NC
28027
Phone: (704) 7861612
Rockingham Office
1015 Fayetteville
Rd
Rockingham, NC 28379
Phone: (910) 9972070
Washington D.C. Office
429
Cannon HOB
Washington, DC 20515
Phone: (202) 2253715
Unsubscribe
|
Update My Profile
|
Privacy Policy
