 Mail begin
If you are having trouble
viewing this message or would like to share it on a social network, you
can
view the message
online .
Home
|
About
|
How Can I Help?
|
Media
|
Issues
|
The 6th
District
Dear
Friends:
Earlier this week we received a new
estimate for the Aurora VA hospital and its enough to make your blood
boil. The project is now estimated to cost a mind-boggling $1.73
billion.
Heads
need to roll over this massive failure. The taxpayers and veterans this
hospital is supposed to serve deserve
accountability.
Now that the VA is
acknowledging the project is a billion dollars over budget, those
responsible need to be held accountable.
Accountability means firing those responsible for
this massive waste of money that instead should have been spent on
taking care of our veterans, not cost overruns. Accountability also means
ensuring that this never happens
again.
I am working on legislation to strip
the VA of the authority to ever manage a major construction project
again.
I
believe we need to finish the Aurora VA hospital. Colorados veterans
have been promised the state-of-the-art healthcare the hospital will
provide for over a decade. We need to get it done, but as part of
getting the additional funding approved we need to hold the VA
accountable.
You
can expect to see legislation from me next week that will move the
hospital project forward while also including significant and stringent
accountability measures.
As I work on this legislation, I want to hear from
you.
Reply back
to this email with your thoughts. It is your tax dollars being spent
and our communities veterans who the hospital will serve. Tell me what
you think should happen.
Sincerely,
Mike Coffman
U.S.
Representative
If you
would like to sign up to receive regular email updates from Mike,
please visit
this
link
$ 18,159,351,622,789
Share
on Facebook
Share on Twitter
Share on LinkedIn
VA's uncertain
future in building hospitals
By: Melissa Blasius
9 News
Published March 19,
2015
Several members
of Congress agreed at a hearing on Capitol Hill that the Department
of Veterans Affairs should be stripped of its power to construct
hospitals, as the VA tries explain how building the new Aurora facility
became a financial fiasco.
"Mismanagement, cost overruns
and delays are the norm of VA's construction program,"
Rep.
Mike Coffman
(R-Colorado) said at a House Veterans Affairs
Oversight and Investigations Subcommittee hearing
Thursday.
Coffman , who is the subcommittee chairman, was first to
suggest the Army Corps of Engineers should take over construction
management of all veterans' medical facilities.
The VA "has
not ruled out the possibility of turning construction management
functions to the [U.S. Army] Corps of Engineers," testified Dennis Milsten,
the Associate Executive Director of the Office of Operations, for the
VA's Office of Construction and Facilities
Management.
"You're no longer going to get to decide whether you build hospitals or
not," Rep. Tim Walz (D-Minnesota) told Milsten. "That's where this is
headed."
Earlier this week, the VA said the final price for
the Aurora VA medical center could soar to $1.73 billion. Congress had
imposed spending cap for the project is $880 million.
Rep.
Coffman
has drafted a bill to raise the spending
cap.
"I know what hospitals cost in New Hampshire and it's not a billion
dollars," said the subcommittee's ranking member, Rep. Ann McLane Kuster
(D-New Hampshire). "I feel we can do better by our veterans without
building the Taj Mahal."
VA officials now admit the Aurora
project had major flaws from the beginning.
"We established
a ceiling, and we rushed to get to a firm, fixed price with the
contractor as we saw the market in Denver continuing to escalate," Milsten
said. "The problem we had at that point was the design was not
complete. The design continued to evolve and now we find ourselves at this
crossroads."
"I think an easier explanation would be
incompetence, pure incompetence,"
Coffman
retorted.
"There's no excuse for this," said Walz.
Milsten also
blamed the original architectural design team for budgeting problems,
saying the team was told to use a $600 million price
point.
"When we got advice from our construction contractor that the budget may
not be buildable, we chose, unfortunately, to listen to the designer,"
Milsten told the subcommittee.
"We respectfully and
vehemently disagree with Mr. Milsten's comments," design team spokesman Andy
Boian told 9Wants to Know Thursday evening. Boian says the design
team, contractor, and the VA's consultant all agreed the project would
cost between $600 million and $700 million. Boian did not pinpoint how
the cost could have ballooned so significantly in the years since crews
broke ground.
The VA has appointed an investigation board,
which includes an expert adviser from outside the Department, to
determine how the VA got to this point, the decisions that were made, and
who is accountable. A VA spokesperson tells 9Wants to Know the board
will produce its report by the end of April, unless an extension is
granted.
The Next Constituent One-on-One
Meeting
U.S. Rep. Mike
Coffman will meet one-on-one with constituents at the Anythink Library,
327 E. Bridge St.,
Brighton, CO on Saturday, March 28th, from
10:30AM to 12:00PM.
Constituents are invited to come to the library to meet with
Rep. Coffman and discuss issues that are important to them.
This event is
open only to residents of the 6th Congressional
District.
Cost of
troubled VA hospital project in Aurora hits $1.73 billion
By: TheDenverChannel.com
Team
7News: Denver
Published March 17,
2015
The estimated cost of the troubled Veterans
Affairs hospital construction project in Aurora has skyrocketed to
$1.73 billion -- more than five times its initial $328 million price
tag.
"The VA couldn't lead starving troops to a chow
hall when it comes to managing a construction project,"
Rep.
Mike Coffman , R-Aurora, said in statement on Tuesday afternoon.
"The VA's mismanagement of this project is beyond belief and brings
into question the competence of their leadership at every
level."
"However, as much as Im angered by the mismanagement of this
project, as a combat veteran serving in Congress I still have an
obligation to see that this project is completed and that everything that can
be done will be done to bring down the cost,"
Coffman
added.
Coffman
has introduced legislation
that will increase the $880 million cap on the hospital, which is
expected to be reached by the middle of next month. Coffmans bill would
also fire the VA from further management of the project and formally
installs the U.S. Army Corps of Engineers to finish the
hospital.
According to
Coffman's
statement, "Deputy
Secretary of the Department of Veterans Affairs (VA) Sloan Gibson informed
the Colorado Congressional delegation on a call today that the new
estimate for the Aurora VA hospital is $1.73 billion, based on work done
by the U.S. Army Corps of Engineers."
Contractor
Kiewit-Turner shut down construction on the 184-bed hospital in December after
the United States Civilian Board of Contract Appeals determined that
the VA breached its contract by failing to provide a design that could
be built for $583 million.
"Work is progressing during this
interim phase and we are working collaboratively with the VA and USACE
on setting a path forward for a final agreement," Kiewit-Turner wrote
in a statement to 7NEWS last week.
"The Army Corps came in
to take over completion of the hospital after the Civilian Board of
Contract Appeals in December ruled the VA in material breach of their
contract with Kiewit-Turner (KT), the construction company building the
hospital. In order to avoid a total shut down of the project, with KT
walking off the project, an interim agreement between KT and VA was
negotiated, that included bringing the Army Corps in to finish the
project,"
Coffman's
statement said.
Just last
week, the U.S. Department of Veterans Affairs said it was reallocating
$43 million to stave off a potential shutdown at the hospital
construction project. But even that infusion of funding will not bring the
hospital to completion
Members of Congress have warned the
project is in danger of a second shutdown because of cost
overruns.
Federal law currently limits the project to a total price of no
more than $880 million. That price limit is expected to be reached
during April.
"Without increasing the cap, this construction
project will stop probably sometime around the middle of next month,"
Coffman
said.
Colorado's congressional
representatives have co-sponsored a bill to raise the cap for the project
to a total of $1.1 billion. It is scheduled to be heard by the House
Veterans' Affairs Subcommittee on Oversight and Investigations this
Thursday.
"It's supported by all the members of our
Congressional delegation. It's got to pass the House, the Senate and be signed
by the President. If not, there will be a shut down," said
Coffman .
But even once the spending limit is
increased, the VA will still need to find hundreds of millions of dollars in
additional funding. That could require new appropriations from Congress
or additional reallocations within the VA's
accounts.
Documents from the House Committee on Veterans Affairs show that the
Committee has asked when a new total estimated cost for the project might
be made available. The VA's response indicates they hope for a
contract during summer of 2015.
"Our veterans deserve the absolute
best care that we can provide," Sen. Cory Gardner, R-Colorado, said
in a statement last week.
"Of all of the issues and
challenges facing the VA, the mess at the Aurora facility has stood out," said
Rep. Dianna DeGette, D-Denver.
Washington
Office
2443 Rayburn
HOB
Washington, D.C.
20515
Phone: (202) 225-7882
Fax: (202) 226-4623
District Office
Cherry Creek Place IV
3300 S. Parker Road, Suite #305
Aurora, CO 80014
Phone: (720) 748-7514
Fax: (720) 748-7680
Unsubscribe
|
Update My Profile
|
Privacy Policy
gateway mail
end 