Copyright (c) 1996-2015 Constant Contact. All rights reserved.
Except as permitted under a separate
written agreement with Constant Contact, neither the Constant Contact software, nor any content that appears on any Constant Contact site,
including but not limited to, web pages, newsletters, or templates may be reproduced, republished, repurposed, or distributed without the
prior written permission of Constant Contact.
For inquiries regarding reproduction or distribution of any Constant Contact material, please
contact legal@constantcontact.com.
Mike Kelly's Weekly E-Newsletter
March 15, 2015
Follow me on Twitter!
Visit my YouTube page!
Click here to subscribe to my weekly
E-newsletter
My Offices
ERIE DISTRICT OFFICE 208 E. Bayfront Parkway Suite 102 Erie, PA 16507 Phone: (814) 454-8190 Fax: (814) 454-8197
BUTLER DISTRICT OFFICE
101 East Diamond St Suite 218 Butler, PA
16001 Phone: (724) 282-2557
Fax: (724) 282-3682
SHARON DISTRICT OFFICE
33 Chestnut Street Sharon, PA
16146 Phone: (724) 342-7170 Fax: (724) 342-7242
WASHINGTON, DC OFFICE
1519 Longworth HOB Washington, DC 20515 Phone: (202) 225-5406 Fax: (202) 225-3103
CRAWFORD COUNTY OFFICE Every Wednesday 9:00 a.m. - 4:00 p.m. 908 Diamond Park Meadville, PA 16335
ARMSTRONG COUNTY OFFICE
Every Thursday 9:00 a.m. - 4:00 p.m. 300 South McKean Street Kittanning, PA 16201
LAWRENCE COUNTY
Every Friday 9:00 a.m. - 4: 00 p.m. Lawrence County Courthouse 430 Court Street New Castle, PA
16101
Dear Friend, Tomorrow marks the 100th anniversary of the launch of the USS Pennsylvania.
On the morning of Sunday, December 7th, 1941, the ship was docked at the U.S. Naval Base in Pearl Harbor, Hawaii, when the Japanese air fleet launched its surprise attack. According to
USSPennsylvania.org , "I t was a normal quiet Sunday morning and there was little activity aboard. The watch had just been set and the Chaplain was making preparations for the eight o'clock mass on the quarterdeck. ...
Suddenly and with complete surprise, Japanese dive bombers and torpedo bombers roared out of the high overcast. The PENNSYLVANIA was one of the first ships in the harbor to open fire. Her 50 caliber machine gun crews had their guns in action even before General Quarters was sounded." The Pennsylvania would go on to join the Northern Pacific campaign in World War II, doing what it did at Pearl Harbor: defending Americans, battling the enemy, and taking severe but never fatal hits the entire time. Her fighting power, and that of her crew, was
indispensable
to the Allied forces' ultimate victory. In later years, the ship was awarded a Navy Unit Commendation which reads:
" For outstanding heroism
in action against enemy Japanese forces in the Pacific war area from May 4, 1943 to February 10, 1945. Operating under ten separate commands, the USS PENNSYLVANIA was the only battleship to take part in every
amphibious operation during this period from Attu in the Northern area to Lingayen in the Philippines. Imperiled by perpetual fog, she served as flagship of the task force commander during the Aleutians campaign and navigated in poorly charted waters to deliver her accurate broadsides on predetermined but invisible targets; intensive fire from her batteries blazed the way for our assault waves in the Gilbert's, the Marshall's and the Mariana's silencing the enemy's heavy coastal guns, locating and neutralizing camouflaged emplacements and rendering steady support for our land forces. A gallant and dependable veteran, the PENNSYLVANIA completed nearly thirty years of unfailing service by her deadly close in bombardment and gun fire support in the recapture of the Philippines, fulfilling her prolonged and vital mission without casualty to herself or her personnel by Japanese fire. Handled superbly in the face of many obstacles throughout this period, the PENNSYLVANIA achieved an illustrious combat record, reflecting the courage, skill and brilliant teamwork of the Officers who plotted her course, the Pilots who spotted her gunfire and the operational force which aided in maintaining her fighting efficiency. " On anniversaries such as these, it's important to reflect on the outstanding legacy
of America's military might, and to remember that our strength must never be taken for granted. That's why I strongly believe in fully funding our national defense to keep us totally prepared for all of the world's challenges -- to confront them, and to always triumph.
Sincerely,
PS: Have a wonderful St. Patrick's Day!
Rep. Kelly's Trip to Selma Featured in
Butler Eagle
This past Friday's edition of the
Butler Eagle
featured an exclusive look at Rep. Kelly's trip to Selma, AL, last weekend for the
2015 Congressional Civil Rights Pilgrimage . Excerpts of article, " Kelly attends event in Selma ": U.S. Rep. Mike Kelly, R-3rd, was one of more than 100 members of Congress to attend the The Faith and Politics Institute's 2015 Congressional Civil Rights Pilgrimage to commemorate the 50th anniversary of Bloody Sunday, the Selma-to-Montgomery March, and the Voting Rights Act of 1965 last weekend.
"We've come an awful long way (since then)," said Kelly of Butler.
Kelly flew to Birmingham, Ala., on Friday morning, and attended the first event at the 16th Street Baptist Church, where four young girls were killed in 1963 by a bomb placed by members of the KKK.
He attended several events on Friday and Saturday in Montgomery and Birmingham, and got a chance to visit the Brown Chapel in Selma, where Martin Luther King Jr. preached a few times and where civil rights activities were planned.
On Sunday, he attended a big event in Selma commemorating Bloody Sunday, where police beat and teargassed marchers crossing the Edmund Pettus Bridge on March 7, 1965.
Kelly said he chose to attend the pilgrimage to commemorate what happened and what has happened since then.
"Without paying close attention, things like this could happen again," Kelly said.
...
Kelly took one of his grandchildren, 9-year-old George, to the events.
"I think he got a tremendous education out of this," Kelly said.
Kelly said his grandson was confused as to why anyone would want to just kill four girls. He said George asked if the attack and others were like things ISIS in the Middle East are doing now. Kelly told him that what happened in the 1960s was a form of terrorism.
"Yes, that's exactly what happened," Kelly told him.
George also got to lay a wreath at the Civil Rights Memorial.
He said, if possible, he would like to go to the event annually and bring a different family member.
Rep. Kelly Honored for Supporting Manufacturing
Receives Legislative Excellence Award
On Thursday, the National Association of Manufacturers (NAM) awarded Rep. Kelly the NAM Award for Manufacturing Legislative Excellence at an event hosted by NAM member company PPG Industries at in Cranberry Township.
This is the fourth consecutive year that Rep. Kelly has received this honor.
Statement by Rep. Kelly:
"It is a tremendous honor to once again receive NAM's top award for lawmakers.
"Manufacturing is without a doubt the ticket to America's full economic restoration where we not just participate in but dominate the entire global market.
"As Congress moves forward, not only will I remain committed to protecting the manufacturing jobs we're blessed to have here in Western Pennsylvania, but will also stay focused on enacting policies that pave the way for new ones to flourish."
Statement by Bryan Iams, Vice President of Corporate and Government Affairs, PPG Industries:
"Congressman Kelly has been a strong supporter of U.S. manufacturing and is well-deserving of this prestigious award. We are proud to host him at PPG's North American Architectural Coatings headquarters in Cranberry."
Statement by Jay Timmons, NAM President and CEO:
"Manufacturing in Pennsylvania and across the country is making a comeback. Manufacturers are growing the economy and creating high-paying jobs in a sector that adds $1.32 to the economy for every $1 spent. Representative Kelly understands that leaders in Washington must advance policies that will continue to fuel this economic growth and has consistently supported manufacturers through his votes in Congress."
Additional information on the NAM Award for Manufacturing Legislative Excellence can be found
here .
WEEKLY PHOTOS
Rep. Kelly with a bipartisan congressional delegation on the steps of the 16th Street Baptist Church in Selma, AL, for the 50th anniversary of the 1965 Bloody Sunday march last weekend _________________________________________
Pictured: Rep. Kelly with Bryan Iams, PPG VP of Government Affairs, flanked by representatives of NAM
Rep. Kelly at PPG Industries' Architectural Coating HQ in Cranberry Township after receiving the Legislative Excellence Award from the National Association of Manufacturers (NAM) on Thursday
Forward this email This email was sent to dj724530@gmail.com by
thomas.qualtere@mail.house.gov
|
Update Profile/Email Address
|
Rapid removal with
SafeUnsubscribe &trade;
|
Privacy Policy . The Office of Representative Mike Kelly
|
1519 Longworth House Office Building
|
Washington
|
DC
|
20515
