
Mail begin
If you are having trouble
viewing this message or would like to share it on a social network,
you can
view the message
online .
About
Contact
Services
Media Center
Legislation
Issues
Resources
February 22, 2015
Friends,
It has been a chilly week in South
Carolina.
I hope that your furnaces, pipes, and ferns have survived
the frigid winter weather.
I would like to thank everyone who
braved the cold and attended our Coffee with Your Congressman events last
week.
Im not sure if constituents came to meet with me or to
get a warm cup of coffee!
At each event I attended and each group
I spoke with, we had a great discussion on the issues facing our
country and community like job creation, illegal immigration,
infrastructure needs, the separation of powers, and national security.
(R: Coastal Carolina University
College Republicans. L: Marion Coffee with Your Congressman
Event)
The Presidents immigration executive actions and
funding for the Department of Homeland Security were two topics
discussed in depth at each of our events.
In light of recent news and
the upcoming funding deadline for the Department of Homeland Security,
I would like to elaborate on these issues.
Judge
Blocks Obamas immigration actions
In a decision
late Monday, U.S. District Judge Andrew Hanen temporarily blocked the
Presidents immigration executive actions, which grant amnesty to more
than 5 million illegal immigrants, to allow a lawsuit filed by 26
statesincluding South Carolinato advance through the courts.
His
decision came one day before the Presidents amnesty overhaul was to go
into effect.
In his memorandum, Judge Hanen explained his
reasoning behind the decision.
He said that if the policy changes were
implemented and the courts ruled in favor of the states, the genie
would be impossible to put back into the bottle." This is true, as we
have seen with other government programs.
As Ronald Reagan said,
The nearest thing to eternal life we will ever see on this earth is a
government program.
Judge Hanens decision gives the
states time to advance their lawsuit against the Administration over the
immigration executive actions and violations of the "Take Care Clause"
of the U.S. Constitution, which they say limits the scope of
presidential power.
The ruling also gives the House of Representatives
more time to consider the OATH Resolution I introduced last month.
H. Res. 21 , the
OATH Resolution, directs the House of Representatives to bring a civil
action for declaratory or injunctive relief to challenge certain
policies and actions taken by the executive branch relating to
immigration.
For now, the Presidents executive actions in question have
been placed on hold.
Paychecks for Border
Patrol Agents
Our border patrol agents paychecks are
currently in limbo because Senate Democrats are refusing to vote on a
bill to fund the Department of Homeland Security.
The bill my
colleagues and I sent to the Senate funds the Department of Homeland
Security but does not provide funding for the Presidents immigration
executive actions.
As mentioned above, the Presidents actions are
currently being challenged in the courts.
While we wait for a
decision, there is no need to allocate taxpayer dollars for a massive
amnesty program that could ultimately be struck
down.
The Department of Homeland Securitys funding expires Saturday, February
28.
Since this impending deadline will likely dominate the news
cycle this week, I would like to take a moment to answer some
questions you may have about the legislative process and status of this
funding bill.
Q:
How
are the Senate Democrats blocking this House-passed bill? Arent
Republicans in control of the Senate now?
A:
Yes, Republicans are in control of the
Senate now, and unlike Sen. Harry Reid, Sen. Majority Leader Mitch
McConnell is allowing Senators to amend legislation.
But before the
Senate can begin considering and amending legislation, 60 Senators must
agree to proceed with the bill.
Since Senate Democrats refuse to
proceed forward with the bill, the House-passed DHS funding bill is
stalled.
Senate Democrats have just two options: continue to block
the bill or agree to the motion to proceed.
The latter being the
reasonable and responsible decision.
Q:
Can the Senate draft its own DHS funding
bill and send it to the House?
A:
No. The Constitution clearly states that all revenue
bills must originate in the House of Representatives.
Q:
Now that a federal judge has
halted the Presidents immigration actions, why wont the House of
Representatives just pass a clean funding bill?
A:
Since the courts have temporarily
blocked the Presidents amnesty program there is no need to fund it
right now.
While it may be tempting to ignore the Presidents
executive actions now that the courts have intervened, conservatives should
not rely on the courts to rule in our favor.
We do need to
have a debate on our countrys immigration policies but that does not
need to happen at the peril of our national security and our law
enforcement agents paychecks.
Mobile Office
Hours
If you were unable to attend our Coffee with
Your Congressman events last week, our district field staff will be out
and about in the district this week hosting Mobile Office
Hours.
We understand that it is difficult to make it to a district office
during office hours, so we are bringing the district offices services
to you! Our Mobile Office Hours this week are on Tuesday, February 24
in Bennettsville and Dillon; on Wednesday, February 25 in Lake View,
Conway, and Latta; and on Thursday, February 26 in Mullins and
Marion.
For locations and times, please
click HERE .
Now Accepting
Applications
On May 13, 2015, the Honor Flight of South
Carolina will take World War II and Korean War Veterans to
Washington, D.C. to see and experience their memorials.
The Honor Flight
SC is an incredible group of volunteers that work to put together an
unforgettable, and free, trip for our nations heroes.
Many of
these veterans that are still with us are growing old and have never had
the opportunity to see THEIR memorials.
Since this may be the
only flight this year, Honor Flight SC has asked us to help spread the
word.
Please share this information with your friends and
family.
Visit
http://honorflightsc.com
to view an application and learn more about this
wonderful experience.
Below is a video about the Honor Flight that
captures the spirit and joy this trip brings to everyone involved.
Enjoy!
Constituent Spotlight
I
would like to congratulate and honor two young students from our
district who achieved national recognition for their exemplary volunteer
service in our community.
Brittany Joyce of Hartsville and Shea
Thomas of Pawleys Island were named as two of the top honorees in South
Carolina by The 2015 Prudential Spirit of Community Awards program,
an annual honor conferred on the most impressive student volunteers in
each state and the District of Columbia.
More than 30,000
students across the country participated in the 20th annual Prudential
Spirit of Community Awards program. Congratulations to Brittany and Shea!
Thank you for all you have done to make a
difference!
It is a privilege to represent you and your
family.
Have a good week,
If you would like to reply to this email or
contact my office, please do so by visiting the contact page on my website
here
as this email is not monitored.
Washington D.C. Office
223 Cannon House Office Building
Washington, DC 20515
Phone: (202)
225-9895
Fax: (202) 225-9690
Grand Strand
Office
2411 N. Oak Street
Suite 405
Myrtle Beach, SC
29577
Phone: (843) 445-6459
Fax: (843) 445-6418
Pee Dee Office
1831 West Evans Street
Suite 300
Florence, SC 29501
Phone: (843) 679-9781
Fax: (843)
679-9783
Unsubscribe
|
Update My
Profile
|
Privacy Policy
gateway
mail end 