
February 8, 2015
WEBSITE
|
FORWARD TO A FRIEND
| SHARE ON:
Kline's Corner: Honoring Hastings Heroes
In This Week's Kline's Corner
Paying Tribute to Everyday Patriots
Helping Families Save for College
Standing Up for Our Students
Calling for Student Art
Honoring Hastings Heroes
Dear Friends,
As a 25-year veteran of the U.S. Marine Corps whose father served in World War II, it was an honor to have the opportunity to
personally thank Hastings veteran John Hankes, 93, for his service
as Congress presented the Congressional Gold Medal to World War II members of the First Special Service Force, the Devils Brigade, in honor of their service to our country.
We owe the freedoms and liberties we and so many around the world cherish to the sacrifice of Americans like John and the members of the First Special Service Force who answered our nations call in pursuit of freedom and a safer world. Read more about John and the other four Hastings natives honored posthumously with Congressional Gold Medals (Francis Brooke, George Hild, Dale Hamilton, and James Moore)
here .
Standing Up for Our Students
Every child in every school deserves an excellent education, and it is the right of every parent and taxpayer to know whether your local schools are effectively teaching your neighborhood children. This week
I introduced bipartisan legislation to replace No Child Left Behind . The Student Success Act (H.R. 5) provides an opportunity to chart a new course, one that places less dependence on the federal government and more trust in the parents and local education leaders who know best how to provide for the needs of their children and equip them for the future. I look forward to working with my Republican and Democrat colleagues to advance this bill to empower local parents, schools and communities.
Helping Families Save for College
529 college savings accounts are one way families and students can better prepare for the rising costs of college. These important tools for parents have helped tens of thousands of Minnesota families save for future college expenses which is why I am
championing bipartisan legislation
that would provide greater flexibility to 529 college savings accounts.
While I am pleased the President reversed course on his misguided plan to tax college savings accounts which would hurt hard-working families, the legislation I am championing would provide parents and students with greater flexibility to save for college.
Helping Families Save for College
Minnesota is home to many gifted young artists, and I have been continually impressed with the art submitted by these talented students. I am pleased to
announce
the 34th Annual Congressional Artistic Discovery competition for students. Art entries must be received by my office in Burnsville by Friday, April 17. For more information, click
here .
Best wishes,
John Kline
Member of Congress
TOP NEWS
John Kline Statement on Presidents Budget Proposal
A budget reflects priorities, and its clear the Presidents priorities continue to be more spending, more taxes, and more government. This budget would perpetuate what weve experienced in recent years: an anemic economy, sluggish job growth, and stagnant wages. Middle-class families in Minnesota and across the country are being squeezed, and the President wants to double-down on the same failed policies of the last six years. The American people deserve better. We need to do better.
Read more .
UPDATE SUBSCRIPTION OPTIONS
|
PRIVACY POLICY
|
CONTACT US
Click Here Click Here