
HOME
|
About Mike
|
Contact YOUR Office
|
Serving You
|
Newsroom
|
Legislative Work
|
4th District
|
Resources
WEBSITE
| SHARE ON:
Greetings,
Providing for the common defense is the core function of the federal government.
Absent that, there can be no right to pursue life, liberty and happiness.
Congress must have a major role in this.
Ive worked hard while serving on the House Intelligence Committee and on the Benghazi Select Committee to focus this Presidents attention on the threat from radical Islamic terrorism.
Indeed, just last week, the Benghazi Committee held a hearing striving to get at the truth behind the events that took place before, during, and after the September, 11, 2012 terrorist attacks in Benghazi, Libya.
The hearing was held to address the Administrations unwillingness to provide the materials needed for our committee to do its constitutional duty.
The deaths of four Americans and the policy failures in Libya more broadly, must be investigated to reduce the risk of their recurrence.
Below is an excerpt from the hearing in which I question representatives from the State Department and the CIA about the delays in the request for documents and access to witnesses:
Benghazi
Select Committee Hearing - January 27, 2015
Just prior to the hearing, the State Department turned over 15,000 pages of new documents to the Select Committee.
These are documents that have never before been given to Congress.
This discovery further highlights the necessity of this investigation and the need to compile a complete record of the facts.
There are men and women stationed across the world who are engaged in important intelligence collection activities to track terrorist threats.
We have a duty to keep them safe and make sure this doesnt happen again.
Here are two excerpts from my recent interviews on the hearings:
The Real Story with
Gretchen Carlson - January 27, 2015
America's News Headquarters with Shannon Bream - February 1, 2015
The threat from radical Islamic terrorism demands smart policies to prevent attacks on Americans.
The release of prisoners from detention at U.S. Naval Station Guantanamo Bay is bad policy.
The Administration is completely unwilling to acknowledge the danger of these detainees reentering their lives of terrorism. Now there are reports that one of the Taliban 5, all of whom were released in exchange for Sgt. Bowe Bergdahl, has potentially engaged in activity in support of radical Islamic terrorism.
This is what happens when a President places political objectives over the national security needs of the American people.
This was inevitable.
Never before in history has America returned such large numbers of enemy combatants to the battlefield while the conflict rages.
We learned last week that Cuban President Raul Castro issued a set of demands for reestablishing full diplomatic relations between the United States and Cuba
he called for the transfer of Guantanamo Bay to Cuba.
You can
click here
to read a letter Rep. Jackie Walorski (R-Indiana) and I wrote to the President, asking him provide his immediate commitment that closing or transferring Guantanamo Bay will not occur as part of this or other negotiations with the Cuban government.
As the letter states, the detention facility should not only remain open, but should be used in the years ahead to hold enemy combatants and terrorists, and to hold them until the banner under which they fight is buried, their ideology defeated, and their armies annihilated.
The dangers from radical Islamic terrorism are real, and contrary to President Obamas assertions, these dangers are growing.
Fighting radical Islamic terrorism wont be easy.
We didnt ask for this fight.
But with the hard work and sacrifice of our military and intelligence warriors, we will win it.
Sincerely,
Mike Pompeo
Member of Congress
Connect With Mike
NOTE: Please
DO NOT
respond to this email as this
inbox is unattended . To contact my office please
click here
WASHINGTON, DC OFFICE
436 Cannon HOB
Washington, DC 20515
Phone:
(202) 225-6216
Fax:
(202) 225-3489
WICHITA, KS OFFICE
7701 E. Kellogg, Suite 510
Wichita, KS 67207
Phone:
(316) 262-8992
Fax:
(316) 262-5309
UPDATE SUBSCRIPTION OPTIONS
|
PRIVACY POLICY
|
CONTACT US
Click Here Click Here