
FEB
27
News from Senator Kelly Ayotte's Office
Dear Friends,
Continuing my efforts to ensure funding for our nation's homeland security programs, today I voted in support of legislation that would fund the Department of Homeland Security (DHS) through the end of September, which the Senate approved.
I also voted in support of a separate measure that would have defunded the president's 2014 executive action on immigration, which a court has found exceeded his legal authority.
This bill required 60 votes to advance, and unfortunately, it failed on a 57-42 vote.
While the court injunction currently prevents the administration from carrying out the president's executive action, I support ensuring it can never be carried out and further challenging his illegal actions through the court system.
Also this week, I joined a bipartisan group of senators in reintroducing a strengthened version of the Campus Accountability and Safety Act, which is aimed at preventing sexual assaults on college campuses. I helped introduce similar legislation last Congress, and during the past year I've met with students, victims' advocates, campus administration officials and local law enforcement at New Hampshire colleges and universities to receive feedback on the bill. With added input from these stakeholders, this updated legislation would flip the current incentives of a broken system to provide real accountability and transparency from institutions of higher education. Scroll down for more info.
On Thursday, it was an honor to congratulate Bonnie Rice, the 157th Air Refueling Wing Airman and Family Readiness program manager, who along with her family and colleagues from Pease Air National Guard Base visited the Pentagon this week to receive the 2014 Department of Defense Reserve Family Readiness Award. The 157th Air Refueling Wing has been selected as the top Air National Guard wing to receive this award - a testament to Bonnie's dedication to supporting New Hampshire Air National Guard members and their families. I enjoyed meeting with Bonnie, her family and Pease officials during their visit to the nation's capital. Congratulations Bonnie, and thank you for all that you do!
Have a great weekend - and please read on for further news and updates from my office.
Bonnie Rice (right of Senator Ayotte), Brig. Gen. Carolyn Protzmann, CMSgt. Jamie Lawrence, Col. Paul Loiselle, Lt. Col. Robert Cordery, MSgt. Adam Hart, Jim Protzmann, Col. (Ret) Brandie Rice and Dean Rice
Ayotte Helps Reintroduce Legislation to Prevent Sexual Assaults on College Campuses
Senator Ayotte joined a bipartisan group of senators in reintroducing a strengthened version of the Campus Accountability and Safety Act. With added input from survivors, students, colleges and universities, law enforcement and advocates, the bill would flip the current incentives of a broken system to provide real accountability and transparency from institutions of higher education.
Senator Ayotte helped introduced similar legislation last Congress. During the past year, she has met with students, victims' advocates, campus administration officials and local law enforcement at Dartmouth College, Saint Anselm College and the University of New Hampshire to receive feedback on the bill and discuss best practices in addressing sexual assault on campus.
Read More
ObamaCare Error Places Undue Burden on Taxpayers
In response to the Obama administration's admission that 800,000 ObamaCare enrollees received incorrect forms for their 2014 tax filings with the Internal Revenue Service (IRS), Senator Ayotte sent a letter to Department of Health and Human Services (HHS) Commissioner Sylvia Mathews Burwell and Centers for Medicaid &amp; Medicare Services (CMS) Administrator Marilyn Tavenner regarding the erroneous forms. Ayotte's letter reflects concerns expressed by ObamaCare enrollees who received the wrong tax forms and their inability to file their 2014 taxes properly.
"As you know, taxpayers need accurate information from HealthCare.gov in order to complete their tax returns and receive tax refunds from the IRS. I am concerned that HHS' error will place an undue burden on taxpayers in New Hampshire and across the country by delaying their ability to file and receive tax refunds until corrected forms are issued by the Treasury Department," Senator Ayotte wrote. "In addition, the IRS indicated that about 50,000 affected people who have already filed tax returns may need to file amended returns. Given that the IRS projects that it will assist less than half of the taxpayers who reach out, these taxpayers may be left with little recourse and possibly an unexpected tax bill."
Read More
Ayotte Bill to Child-Proof Nicotine Containers Advances Out of Committee
Senator Ayotte announced today that the Senate Commerce Committee has approved bipartisan legislation she helped re-introduce to require child-proof packaging for liquid nicotine containers. The Child Nicotine Poisoning Prevention Act (S. 142), re-introduced by Senator Ayotte and Senator Bill Nelson (D-FL), would direct the Consumer Product Safety Commission to issue a rule requiring safe, child-resistant packaging for liquid nicotine containers.
"Last year, a one-year old boy died after ingesting liquid nicotine," said Senator Ayotte. "This common-sense legislation would help prevent another tragedy like that from taking place again. I look forward to continuing to work with my colleagues across the aisle to advance this legislation that will save kids' lives."
Read More
Ayotte, Shaheen Seek to Authorize Rewards for Information on ISIS Terrorists Responsible for Killing Americans
Senators Ayotte and Shaheen have re-introduced bipartisan legislation that would update the U.S. State Department's Rewards for Justice Program to authorize rewards of up to $5 million for information regarding the ISIS terrorists responsible for the kidnapping and murders of James Foley, Steven Sotloff, Peter Kassig and Kayla Mueller. The bill would also authorize up to $5 million for information on the kidnapping and murder of any other U.S. citizen by a foreign terrorist organization. The bill prohibits rewards for individuals who support, or are affiliated with, foreign terrorist organizations.
"Terrorists around the world must know that if they kill Americans, we will hunt them down," Ayotte said. "We continue to mourn the loss of James Foley, Steven Sotloff, Peter Kassig and Kayla Mueller, and this legislation honors their memory and reflects our unwavering commitment to bring their murderers to justice."
Read More
Eagle-Tribune : Ayotte Backs Bill to Battle Opiate Problem
By James Niedzinski
Feb 26, 2015
The story of a 20-year-old Newton woman's fatal heroin overdose touched U.S. Sen. Kelly Ayotte, R-N.H.
Courtney Griffin's death in September - and at least 256 opiate-related deaths in New Hampshire last year - inspired Ayotte to cosponsor the Comprehensive Addiction and Recovery Act of 2015.
"I was just incredibly moved by their story of what happened to Courtney," Ayotte said Wednesday.
The Senate bill and a similar proposal in the U.S. House would put as much as $80 million into a national battle against opiate addiction. U.S. Sen. Elizabeth Warren, D-Mass., also is a cosponsor.
The proposal calls for grant funding for drug prevention, education and treatment programs.
Read More
Union Leader:
Ayotte is pressing Pentagon for answer on Swanzey sailor's remains
By Paul Feely
Feb 26, 2015
Sen. Ayotte, has co-authored a letter requesting Pentagon officials grant the Joint POW/MIA Accounting Command's Central Identification Laboratory's request to exhume five "unknown" caskets and identify the remains inside - a move that could help relatives of a Swanzey man killed during the attacks on Pearl Harbor bring him home.
On Dec. 7, 1941, 3rd Class Fireman Edwin Hopkins from Swanzey was killed while serving aboard the USS Oklahoma during the Japanese attack on Pearl Harbor.
Tom Gray, Hopkins' second cousin, wants his remains in Hawaii to be exhumed and turned over to his family so they can bury him in a family plot in Keene.
Read More
Photos of the Week
Visiting with Stephen Buttolph, an Eagle Scout from Rumney
With Goffstown residents Kent Nolan of the American Legion and his daughter, Geri-Lynn
With John Tilley, Executive Director of YMCA Camp Coniston, Paul Kinson, President of the YMCA Concord Board of Directors and James Dormeus, CEO of the Concord YMCA
With Carli Crews, a student at Kimball Union Academy who is currently serving in the United State Senate Page Program
Enjoying coffee with Granite Staters in DC this week - Would you like to join me for coffee? Sign up
here
Warm Regards,
Kelly Ayotte
United States Senator
Email Kelly
Manchester Office
1200 Elm Street, Suite 2
Manchester, NH 03101 Phone:
603-622-7979
Nashua Office
144 Main Street
Nashua, NH 03060 Phone:
603-880-3335
North Country Office 19 Pleasant Street, Suite 13B
Berlin, NH 03570 Phone:
603-752-7702 Fax:
603-752-7704
Portsmouth Office
14 Manchester Square, Ste 140
Portsmouth, NH 03801 Phone:
603-436-7161
Washington, DC
144 Russell Senate Office Building
Washington, DC 20510
Phone:
202-224-3324
Email Kelly
|
ayotte.senate.gov
|
Unsubscribe
