
If you are having trouble viewing
this message or would like to share it on a social network, you can
view the message
online .
Website
News Center
Constituent
Services
Issues
About the District
About Me
Contact Us
March 02, 2015
Rep. Lipinski Leads 300
Members of Congress in Urging
House Leaders to Pass a Long-term
Bill
to Fix Roads and Public Transit
Congressman Dan Lipinski (IL-3) is being joined by Congressman Reid
Ribble (WI-8) in leading a bipartisan group of almost 300 members of
Congress, as well as interested stakeholders from across the nation, in
calling for House Leaders to advance a responsibly paid-for, multi-year
funding bill that will fix our roads and public
transit.
"Very simply, we support
transportation and infrastructure investment because our economy needs a
national system to safely move people and deliver goods from place to
place," said Rep. Lipinski and his colleagues in a letter to Speaker John
Boehner and Democratic Leader Nancy Pelosi.
"The current
extension of the Highway Trust Fund is slated to expire on May 31st of this
year.
This is not a long way off.
We are united in our
conviction that now is the time to end the cycle of short-term extensions
that kick the can down the road by doing the work needed to pass a
long-term surface transportation reauthorization
bill."
Republicans and Democrats in the House of
Representatives have consistently recognized the importance of a
well-functioning and efficient surface transportation network in the
United States to move people and goods. Our economy depends on it and every
person knows how critical a good transportation system is to their
everyday life.
"We
were pleased that Congress was able to enact the Moving Ahead for
Progress in the 21st Century Act in 2012, but we are more troubled by the
significant uncertainty that has plagued federal highway and transit
policy in recent years," Rep. Lipinski said.
"In the last decade,
there have been nine short-term extensions of highway and transit
programs.
This kind of uncertainty impedes economic growth and makes
it difficult for our country to fulfill its competitive
potential."
Rep. Lipinski is
Illinois most senior member of the House Transportation and Infrastructure
Committee.
For more information, check out
this story
in
Crains Chicago
Business .
Rep. Lipinski Announces $2.9 Million Federal
Grant for Lemont's Argonne National Lab to Improve Safety on Local Public
Transit
Congressman Dan Lipinski (IL-3) has announced
that the U.S. Department of Transportations Federal Transit
Administration (FTA) has awarded Argonne National Laboratory a nearly $2.9
million grant to study mass transit emergency preparedness in order to
help improve safety.
"As we witnessed recently with the deadly accident in
Washington, D.C., mass transit safety and emergency preparedness must be top
priorities," said Rep. Lipinski.
"Im pleased that these new
resources will be made available to the bright science and engineering
minds at Argonne Lab, and that theyll be pursuing new research into how
to keep riders safe and prepare for transit emergencies in the Chicago
area and elsewhere.
As the Representative of tens of thousands
of constituents who take public transportation, co-chair of the
Congressional Public Transit Caucus, and a public transit rider, I am very
hopeful that this grant will increase
safety."
Click
here
for the rest of the story.
Rep. Lipinski Announces
STEM Education Grant
for Lewis University in
Romeoville
Congressman Dan Lipinski (IL-3) has announced
that the National Science Foundation (NSF) has awarded Lewis
University in Romeoville a $613,428 grant for a project entitled "Science,
Technology, Engineering, and Mathematics (STEM)
Connections."
The project at Lewis University, under the direction of Dr. Jason
Keleher and Dr. Joseph Kozminski, will contribute well-prepared graduates
to the STEM workforce with advanced training in chemistry,
biochemistry, physics, and chemical physics.
It is designed to enhance
physical sciences education through real-world experiences.
The
students will be provided with a solid foundation for employment and
graduate school in a competitive landscape.
Specific emphasis will be
placed on skills relevant to pressing issues such as alternative
energy, novel materials for information storage, next generation health
care materials, and advanced optical technology.
The NSF award
starts April 15th of this year.
"This award is terrific news for Lewis University, its
students, and the region, and it is well-deserved," Rep. Lipinski
said.
"In 2012, I attended the dedication of the impressive new Science
Center at Lewis and discussed the universitys strong commitment to
STEM education.
This award will be a great help as Lewis advances
its commitment to training students for careers in STEM fields.
Not only will the students benefit, but our region will benefit as new
and expanding companies are established by and around a skilled STEM
workforce."
More
information about the grant can be found
here .
Design Contest for White House Easter Egg
Roll 2015
If you cant make it to Washington, D.C., to
take part in the Easter festivities in April, don't worry
you can
still be a part of the fun!
The White House invites all
elementary and middle school students to submit original artwork related
to this years theme for the 2015 Easter Egg Roll Design
Contest.
The First Lady will select two winning designs, which will be used
as part of the White House 2015 Easter Egg Roll program and souvenir
poster.
In honor of the 5th anniversary of the First Ladys Lets
Move! initiative, this years Easter Egg Roll theme is " #GimmeFive ," challenging families across the
nation to show the First Lady five ways theyre leading healthier
lives-- whether thats eating five vegetables, doing five jumping jacks,
or another combination of five healthy things.
Be creative
and show us what #GimmeFive means to you!
Share on social media
with #GimmeFive, and be sure to pass on the challenge to
others!
The deadline for submissions is March 6, 2015 at 12:00 PM
EST.
Designs should be uploaded to
www.whitehouse.gov/eastereggroll/2015designcontest .
Artwork
should reflect this years theme, " #GimmeFive ."
Please note submissions may be made public
during the selection process.
Tell a Friend
E-mail:
E-mail:
E-mail:
Washington, D.C. Office
2346 Rayburn H.O.B.
Washington,
DC 20515
P (202) 225 - 5701 |
P (866) 822 - 5701
F (202)
225 - 1012
Chicago Office
6245 South Archer Avenue
Chicago, IL 60638
P
(312) 886 - 0481
F (773) 767
- 9395
Oak Lawn Office
5309 West 95th Street
Oak Lawn, IL 60453
P (708) 424 - 0853
F (708)
424 - 1855
Lockport Office
Central Square Building
222 E. 9th Street #109
Lockport, IL 60441
P
(815) 838-1990
F (815) 838-1993
Orland Park Office
Orland Park Village
Hall
14700 S. Ravinia Avenue
Orland Park, IL 60462
P
(708) 403-4379
F (708) 403-5963
Unsubscribe
|
Update My Profile
|
Privacy Policy
gateway
mail end 