
If you are having
trouble viewing this message or would like to share it on a social network,
you can
view the message
online .
CONTACT
ABOUT
SERVICES
NEWS
OFFICE
LOCATIONS
Proposed
Authorization for the Use of Military Force Against
ISIS
Senator Corker made the
following statement about President Barack Obamas proposed
authorization for the use of military force (AUMF) against ISIS that was submitted
to Congress this week. Senator Corker serves as the chairman of the
Senate Foreign Relations Committee, which has jurisdiction over AUMF
legislation.
"I appreciate the
president following the long tradition of seeking authorization for
the use of military force from Congress, said Corker. It also will be
important that the president exert leadership, lay out a clear
strategy for confronting the threat posed by ISIS, and do the hard work of
making the case to the American people why this fight is necessary and
one we must win. We will quickly begin to hold rigorous hearings where
the administration will have an opportunity to provide Congress and
the American people greater clarity on the U.S. strategy to address
ISIS, particularly in Syria. Voting to authorize the use of military
force is one of the most important actions Congress can take, and while
there will be differences, it is my hope that we will fulfill our
constitutional responsibility, and in a bipartisan way, pass an
authorization that allows us to confront this serious
threat.
On
Sunday, Senator Corker will discuss the presidents proposed AUMF and
the fight against ISIS on CBS Face the Nation. See below or click
here
to find the air time in your
area.
Tri-Cities:
WJHL-TV, 10:30 a.m.
ET
Knoxville:
WVLT-TV, 10:30 a.m.
ET
Chattanooga:
WDEF-TV, 10:30 a.m. ET
Nashville:
WTVF-TV, 9:30 a.m. CT
Jackson:
GBBJ-TV, 9:30 a.m.
CT
Memphis:
WREG-TV, 9:30 a.m.
CT
Kayla Mueller was a Remarkable and Brave
Woman
Senator Corker
released the following statement on Tuesday regarding the death of
Kayla Mueller, who was killed after being held hostage by the Islamic
State of Iraq and Greater Syria (ISIS).
As a father of two young women, I cannot imagine the pain
and sadness Kayla Muellers parents are experiencing, said Corker.
Our thoughts and prayers are with the family and friends of this
remarkable and brave woman who dedicated her life to providing hope and
compassion to those in need. The evil of ISIS knows no border or limit, and
we must work together with our allies to be vigilant and steadfast in
combating this evil.
Knoxville Police Officer Receives
Medal of Valor
Senator Corker congratulated Knoxville Police Department Officer
Andrew Michael Keith, who was presented a Public Safety Officer Medal of
Valor by Vice President Joe Biden and Attorney General Eric Holder on
Wednesday at the White House.
Officer Keiths heroic response to a Tennessee Highway Patrol car
that was on fire helped save the life of Sergeant Lowell Russell and
exemplifies the meaning of valor, said Corker. I am proud to join my
fellow Tennesseans in congratulating Officer Keith on this well-deserved
honor and in thanking him and all law enforcement officers across the
country who go above and beyond the call of duty to keep our
communities safe.
This award,
authorized by the Public Safety Officer Medal of Valor Act of 2001, is the
highest national award for valor presented to a public safety officer.
The medal is awarded to public safety officers who have exhibited
exceptional courage, regardless of personal safety, in the attempt to save
or protect human life. Including this weeks awardees, a total of 95
medals have been presented since the first recipients were honored in
2003. For more information about the award, click
here .
Tennesseans Visit
Washington
On Tuesday, Senator
Corker met with district attorneys from across Tennessee and thanked
them for their work to keep communities across the Volunteer State
safe.
On Wednesday,
Senator Corker met with Bart Herbison of the Nashville Songwriters
Association International (NSAI).
Senators Corker and Alexander hosted over 30 Tennesseans
at this weeks Tennessee Tuesday, a regular breakfast held on Capitol
Hill every week the Senate is in session for visitors from the
Volunteer State. For more information, click
here .
Home
|
Privacy
Policy
|
Unsubscribe
