
If you are
having trouble viewing this message or would like to share it on a social
network, you can
view the
message online .
HOME
NEWS
SERVICES
LEGISLATION
CONTACT
March 09, 2015
Visit From Israeli Prime Minister Netanyahu
Last week, during
a joint meeting of Congress, Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin
Netanyahu gave a heartfelt and important message to the United States
regarding Irans quest for nuclear armament and the threat posed to Israel and
the entire world.
Americas commitment to Israel must always remain steadfast
particularly when our two nations face great unrest and uncertainty
in the Middle East and around the world. Since the very founding of
the State of Israel, the American people have shared a unique bond and
friendship with its people. One that is rooted not only in a strategic
alliance, but also in our mutual respect, love and appreciation for
the democratic values of self-governance and individual freedom.
At a time when there are grave concerns over Irans pursuit of a
nuclear weapon, Congress, and more importantly the Obama Administration,
must listen carefully to Prime Minister Netanyahus perspective. We
cannot turn a blind eye toward, or attempt to appease, an Iran that would
further destabilize the Middle East and threaten the survival of
Israel. Such a situation would be profoundly dangerous to the well-being of
the American people, our interests and our
allies.
King v Burwell &amp; Medical Freedom
Act
On
Wednesday , I introduced the Medical Freedom
Act (H.R. 1234) on the same day that oral arguments took place before the U.S.
Supreme Court in the case of King v. Burwell.
Should the Court rule in
favor of a fair and honest interpretation of the exchange subsidies
under Obamacare, it is important that there be positive solutions ready
to go in response. States ought to be equipped with the freedom and
flexibility to ensure their citizens have access to affordable, quality
health care choices. That is why I have introduced the Medical Freedom
Act
legislation to allow states the freedom to offer
within their jurisdiction health plans, health savings accounts, and
other arrangements that are currently restricted under
Obamacare.
This
type of
flexibility within the states to regulate their
markets would be a strong first step toward mitigating the fallout from
this disastrous law. When coupled with other patient-centered reforms
like individual member associations, medical liability reform, and tax
credits for the purchase of health coverage, we can do more than just
respond to this court ruling; we can put in place health system
reforms that will put patients, families and doctors in charge of medical
decisions, not Washington.
The Passing of a Trailblazer
We were all saddened to hear
of the passing of a cherished member of our community, Mr. Tom Lowe.
Tom was a trailblazer and leader in Fulton County and Republican
politics for decades. We all stand on the shoulders of those who preceded
our work. All of us have benefited from Tom's labor, counsel and
commitment. We send our deepest condolences to Bettye and family and pray
that God will comfort them in this time of
sorrow.
Please Feel Free to Tell a
Friend E-mail:
E-mail: E-mail:
Share on Facebook Share
on Twitter
Washington DC Office
100
Cannon House Office Building
Washington DC 20515
Phone:
202-225-4501
Fax: 202-225-4656
District Office:
85-C
Mill Street, Suite 300
Roswell, GA
30075
Phone: 770-998-0049
Fax: 770-998-0050
Internet:
Web:
http://tomprice.house.gov
E-mail:
E-mail Tom by clicking here
Unsubscribe
|
Update My
Profile
|
Privacy Policy
gateway mail end
