DOCTYPE html
March 22, 2015
Congressman McHenry Weekly Update
Legislation to Block ATF Overreach
Each of the last
two
weeks
I have used this space to discuss a recent ATF proposal that
would have banned
a popular and legal form of ammunition used by numerous American sportsmen.
While the ATF last week
dropped their proposed ban , they refused to rule out reconsidering it in the future.
In response to this continued threat to the Second Amendment, this week
I introduced H.R. 1365 the Ammunition and Firearms Protection Act .
My bill, which is supported by the National Rifle Association, would block the ATF from instituting any bans on this type of ammunition or any ban on the sale and manufacture of ammunition that is intended or sold for rifle use.
By introducing this bill I made clear to the ATF and this Administration that any further attempts to erode our Second Amendment rights will not be accepted.
The right to bear arms is one of our fundamental rights and the attempted ban was no more than a back door attempt by the Administration to advance their failed gun control agenda.
Learn more about the bill
here
and click
here
for a
Lincoln Times-News
editorial supporting the H.R. 1365.
Secretary Lew Testifies Before Financial Services Committee
Our nation's continuously growing regulatory state drives up costs for consumers everywhere, including banking and lending products.
Two weeks ago
I asked Federal Reserve Chair Janet Yellen
about the significant costs federal regulators have placed on financial institutions and whether the cumulative costs of those regulations are considered.
This week I followed up on that line of questioning as Treasury Secretary Jack Lew appeared before the House Financial Services Committee.
Click the image below to see full video of my line of questioning with Secretary Lew.
For further information on Tuesday's hearing including complete video of the hearing, visit
the Financial Services Committee's website .
Proud to Support
Last December, the National Labor Relations Board (NLRB) drastically rewrote the organizing laws for labor unions allowing unions to give employers as little as eleven days notice in advance of an election and giving labor unions access to the personal information of all employees.
These rules ran counter to decades of union elections being governed by fair laws.
This week, I was proud to support House passage of
a resolution to disapprove of these new rules
and block them via the Congressional Review Act.
Passage of this resolution restores the former election laws preserving workers rights and protecting their privacy.
Regrettably President Obama has sided with big labor unions once again and committed to veto this resolution.
I sincerely hope he reconsiders.
Click the image below to learn more about this resolution.
What I Have Been Reading
Navy mom reunites with daughter at school after deployment
WBTV
There are few moments better than when an American soldier returning from a tour overseas is reunited with their family and kids.
This week that
was what happened for Petty Officer Second Class Catherine Kelly and her daughter Briana as they reunited at Briana's Catawba County School.
Benefits for Border Crossers?
National Review
Two weeks ago I introduced the No Free Rides Act to ensure illegal immigrants are not eligible for up to $24,000 in tax credits designed to benefit low-income American families.
Last week I spoke with the National Review about this important legislation for this article.
US government unveils first set of fracking rules
CNBC
The process of hydraulic fracturing has proven to be a boon for America's energy industry and played a leading role in decreased gas prices Americans have enjoyed over the last six months.
Yet the Obama Administration has passed down rules that will drastically limit this process.
I have significant concerns about this proposal and am afraid President Obama has once again put the concerns of radical environmentalists over everyday Americans.
WASHINGTON, D.C. OFFICE
2334 Rayburn HOB
Washington, D.C. 20515
Telephone: 202.225.2576
Fax: 202.225.0316
HICKORY DISTRICT OFFICE
87 4th St. NW, Ste A, PO Box 1830
Hickory, NC 28603
Telephone: 828.327.6100
Toll-Free in NC: 800.477.2576
Fax: 828.327.8311
GASTONIA DISTRICT OFFICE
Suite 115
Gaston Co. Administrative Bldg
128 West Main Avenue
Gastonia, NC 28053
Telephone: 704.833.0096
BLACK MTN. DISTRICT OFFICE
160 Midland Avenue
Black Mountain, NC 28711
Telephone: 828.669.0600
Click Here Click Here