
Miller Newsletter
February 8, 2015
Passing of Congressman Alan Nunnelee
I was saddened to hear of the passing of my friend and colleague, Congressman Alan Nunnelee of Mississippi.
As a fellow member of the Gulf Coast delegation, I had the privilege of working with Alan on a number of important issues.
His loss will be felt immensely across the entire U.S. House of Representatives.
Alan was a man of great faith and strong conservative values, who came to Washington in 2010 to make a difference for his constituents in Northeast Mississippi and for the American people, and he courageously continued to serve through his battle with cancer.
Vicki and I send our deepest prayers and condolences to the entire Nunnelee family.
Happy Birthday Ronald Reagan
On Friday, February 6, we celebrated President Ronald Reagans birthday, and although he is no longer with us, President Reagans legacy shines as brightly today as ever, continuing to inspire millions of Americans.
President Reagan came into office at a time of economic turmoil and global uncertainty, and thanks to his unwavering faith in God and commitment to our founding Constitutional principles, he helped launch one of the most prosperous times in our Nations history.
Today, we once again face a dangerous and uncertain world and a stagnating economy, and we would do well to follow Reagans words and his deeds.
In his 1986 State of the Union Address, President Reagan remarked, What brought America back? The American people brought us backwith quiet courage and common sense; with undying faith that in this Nation under God the future will be ours, for the future belongs to the free."
As we celebrate his birthday, let us honor President Reagans legacy by tackling the challenges our country faces with undying faith and an unwavering commitment to freedom.
In the News
President Obama Submits Budget Request for Fiscal Year 2016
In the same week that we celebrated President Reagans birthday, President Obama submitted his budget request, just the second time in his seven years in office that he actually managed to submit his budget to Congress on time.
Submitting his budget on time, however, should have been fairly easy for the President this year, given that the budget he sent to Congress is just a retread of the same calls for tax increases, government expansion, and more debt that threatens the long-term prosperity of our Nation.
Our Nation is now more than $18 trillion in debt, amounting to more than $56,000 for every man woman and child in America and nearly $155,000 per American taxpayer, and our national debt has skyrocketed in recent yearsincreasing by an astounding $7.5 trillion since the President took office in 2009.
There is no question that this debt represents a serious threat to our economic prosperity and our national security, and we must take steps to address this debt to put our country back on a fiscally sustainable path.
As President Reagan said when we reached $1 trillion in debt, We don't have a trillion-dollar debt because we haven't taxed enough; we have a trillion-dollar debt because we spend too much.
As a long-time supporter of a Balanced Budget Constitutional Amendment, I believe that we have a moral imperative to balance our budget.
While I believe we should be balancing our budget today, at the very least, federal budgets should take steps to reach balance within the 10 year budget window.
Unfortunately, though unsurprisingly, the Presidents budget fails this simple testquite simply: it never balances.
What then does the Presidents budget do?
Well, for one it would saddle the American people with a $2.1 trillion tax hike.
Given that the President has already pushed through $1.7 trillion in tax hikes, American families and small businesses can ill afford to be asked to send more of their hard-earned dollars to fund bloated Washington bureaucracy.
The tax hikes proposed in the Presidents budget would hit everything from savings and investment to small businesses, making it harder for them to grow and hire new workers.
Despite these massive tax increases, the Presidents budget fails to balance because he would like to use this new tax revenue to pay for more federal spending.
Under the Presidents budget, total federal spending would increase by 7 percent in just the next year, while total spending would increase by 65 percent over the next 10 years.
Americans look at Washington and see far too much expansion and inefficiency, and the last thing they need or want is for Washington to keep on growing.
The result of the Presidents insincere attempts to tackle our debt and spending is that, under the Presidents budget plan, we would add another $8.5 trillion in debt over the next 10 years.
With debt this high, the fastest growing portion of the federal budget under Obamas plan is actually simply making interest payments on our debt.
These payments, already a whopping $229 billion this year, would more than triple to $785 billion in 2025$139 billion more than the $646 billion that his budget proposes for defense spending in the same year.
To propose spending nearly 20 percent more on debt interest payments than on defenseperhaps the most important and clear constitutional directive given to the federal governmentperfectly illustrates President Obamas lack of urgency and willingness to seriously tackle our debt.
Make no mistake, the Presidents budget is just another wish list of failed policies, and, per our Constitution, it is Congress that has the sole authority to set the budget.
In the coming weeks, the House will release its budget for fiscal year 2016, which will take serious steps to reduce spending and address the drivers of our debt to bring our budget back into balance.
I look forward to continuing to work with my colleagues to restore fiscal sanity and responsibility to Washington, and I invite the President to join us at the table to work on a real budget that supports small businesses and hard-working American families and secures economic prosperity for current and future generations.
ISIL Barbarism
I joined my colleagues on the House Armed Services Committee in a meeting with King Abdullah II of the Hashemite Kingdom of Jordan earlier this week, before his trip was cut short, upon learning the news of the gruesome execution of LT Muath al-Kaseasbeh.
LT al-Kaseasbeh was a Jordanian Air Force pilot who had been captured when his jet crashed near Raqqa, Syria, in December 2014. The tragic loss of LT al-Kaseasbeh, which occurred following the recent savage beheadings of two Japanese hostages at the hands of Daesh, also known as the Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant (ISIL), shows Daeshs disregard for humanity. The global community must show that such barbaric actions have no place in a civilized world and will not be tolerated. I stand with the Jordanians as they seek to increase air strikes against Daesh targets, and my thoughts and prayers go out to the families of the victims so savagely murdered.
Miller Media Clips
To read some recent press clips highlighting my work on behalf of Florida's First Congressional District and our Nations veterans and servicemembers, click on the links below:
Editorial: Raise performance bar at VA
PSC Student Veterans Association reaches out to vets
HillVets 100 Most Influential And Impactful Veterans, Service Members, And Supporters
Fighters honored with Congressional Gold Medal
Congress awards gold medal to Devil's Brigade, World War II heroes
Poll: Vets want health care outside VA
Senior Executive Service Is Meant to Be Mobile, Lawmaker Says
Local mom supports suicide prevention bill
Obama budget seeks authority to shift funds from Veterans Choice program
Senate to pass first vets bill of 2015 honoring Texas sniper Clay Hunt
Washington Update
House Passes H.R.596 to Repeal Obamacare
Obamacare is a train wreck, and House Republicans have said since day one that this bill would have devastating impacts on our Nationlimiting choice, restricting access, raising costs, and harming our economy.
Across the country, we are seeing these predictions being borne out, and that is why it is more important than ever to work to protect the American people from Obamacare by fully repealing this bill.
Last week, the House held a vote on a simple four page bill that would fully repeal Obamacare.
In addition to fully repealing each and every page of Obamacare, H.R. 596, introduced by my colleague Bradley Byrne (R-AL), would also direct various House committees to draft and report to the full House legislation to replace Obamacare, laying out 12 commonsense principles for replacement legislation, including: lowering health care premiums through increased competition; preserving a patients ability to keep their plan if they like it; fostering economic growth and job creation; providing individuals with pre-existing conditions access to affordable coverage; protecting the patient-doctor relationship; and instituting tort reform to reduce unnecessary and wasteful spending.
Over the years, House Republicans have put forward several good alternatives to actually address the issues that we are facing in our health care system.
I will continue to work with my colleagues to repeal Obamacare and replace it with the kind of patient-centered reforms that are needed to empower consumers and make health care more affordable and accessible.
House Passes H.R.50 to Provide Transparency, Accountability, and Awareness of Federal Mandates
As a proponent of limited government, I believe it is essential that both Congress and government agencies take the full economic impact of proposed federal government action into account before passing laws or advancing regulations, including the cost of imposing unfunded federal mandates on the private sector and on state and local governments.
Congress passed legislation in 1995, the
Unfunded Mandates Reform Act
(UMRA), to try and curb these harmful unfunded mandates and bring additional transparency.
Unfortunately, loopholes and exemptions have largely prevented this bill from meeting its original goal, and so Congress took action last week to enhance accountability and transparency in the regulatory and legislative process.
H.R. 50, the
Unfunded Mandates Information and Transparency Act , would update and improve UMRA.
Amongst its provisions, H.R. 50 would bring independent regulatory agenciesincluding the National Labor Relations Board, Federal Communications Commission, and Consumer Product Safety Boardwhich were excluded from the original bill under the UMRA framework.
These agencies also issue regulations that can have wide-sweeping impacts, and they should not be exempt from carrying out the cost-benefit analysis required by UMRA.
In addition, many agencies covered under the original bill have been able to skirt UMRA compliance by utilizing a loophole that, according to the Government Accountability Office, covers approximately 35 percent of major rules.
H.R. 50 would close this loophole.
The bill also extends UMRAs consultation requirements for state and local governments to the private sector, to ensure that all impacted parties have the ability to weigh in on proposed regulations.
H.R. 50 helps rein in government so that laws and regulations coming out of Washington dont crush the communities and businesses that they impact.
I voted for H.R. 50, which passed by a vote of 250-173, and I will continue to work with my colleagues to promote transparency and accountability at federal agencies.
House Passes H.R. 527 to Provide Regulatory Relief for Small Businesses
Thanks to a bloated Code of Federal Regulations, which totals more than 174,000 pages, current regulations hamper economic growth and make life harder for our Nations businesses.
All businesses feel the impact of these excessive regulations, but none more than small businesses.
In fact, compliance cost for businesses with less than 50 employees are an estimated 17 percent higher than for larger companies, and they average about $11,700 per employee per year.
This is money that these businesses could be using to grow and hire more workers.
In an effort to help our Nations small businesses and reduce the cost of regulations, the House passed H.R. 527, the
Small Business Regulatory Flexibility Improvements Act , last week.
This bill would update the
Regulatory Flexibility Act , which was first passed by Congress in 1980, to eliminate loopholes used by the IRS and other agencies that are hurting small businesses.
It would also expand opportunities for small businesses to provide early feedback on new rules before they are formally proposed, and require that agencies review existing regulations and reduce small businesses impacts where possible.
By forcing federal regulators to fully consider and minimize the impact of new regulations, this bill would help lead to more flexible rules that place less of a burden on job-creating small businesses, and that is why I voted in favor of H.R. 527.
San Antonio Fly-In
Each year, the San Antonio-area Congressional delegation hosts a fly-in for leaders of all sectors.
During their visit, I was afforded the opportunity to speak with San Antonio's city delegation, comprising community partners and military leadership.
With tens of thousands of veterans in the area and home to Joint Base San Antonio (Fort Sam Houston, Randolph Air Force Base, and Lackland Air Force Base), I spoke on issues currently facing our Nation's veterans and servicemembers.
Congressman Miller
speaking at the San Anto nio Fl y-In.
Pictured with
Congressman Henry Cuellar
(D-TX) and Congressman Will Hurd (R-TX) (center to right).
Veterans Corner
President Obamas VA Budget Request for Fiscal Year 2016
I am committed to providing the Department of Veterans Affairs with the resources it needs to take care of our Nations veterans. But if theres one thing weve learned over the last year, its that VAs numbers cannot be trusted. Furthermore, whether it's funding, staffing, or information technology tools, Congress has given this administration nearly everything it has asked for to increase access to VA health care and overcome perennial challenges such as the departments mountain of backlogged disability benefits compensation claims. For its part, VA has left hundreds of millions in health care funding unspent since 2010 as thousands of veterans languished on waiting lists and squandered more than $1 billion on a host of botched construction projects, acquisition failures and extravagant employee conferences. Thats why I, along with members of my committee, will ensure President Obamas Fiscal Year 2016 VA budget request receives the scrutiny it is due over the coming weeks. Additionally, the presidents idea to reallocate a portion of Veterans Choice Program funding to other areas of VA is a complete non-starter, which I will not support. When a near-unanimous Congress worked with President Obama last year to create the choice program, we made a promise to veterans to give them more freedom in their health care decisions. I will not stand idly by while the president attempts to renege on that promise.
Senate Passes the Clay Hunt Suicide Prevention for American Veterans Act
The Senate passed the
Clay Hunt SAV Act
last week building on the House's success. The bill, which passed the House January 12, 2015, is an important step toward helping stop the epidemic of veteran suicides. It provides comprehensive, new ideas aimed at improving the accessibility and effectiveness of mental health care available to our veterans. This bill had many advocates
none more important than Clay Hunts parents
who fought tirelessly to shepherd this legislation through both houses of Congress. We commend them for their work in this effort and call on President Obama to sign this important bill into law without delay.
House and Senate Committees on Veterans' Affairs Leadership Meeting with
Secretary McDonald and Deputy Secretary Gibson
VA Secretary Bob McDonald and Deputy Secretary Sloan Gibson invited the Chairmen and Ranking Members of the Senate and House Veterans Affairs Committees to meet and discuss key issues facing the department and our Nations veterans. Such meetings are essential to ensure Congressional leadership can more effectively and openly communicate Congress intent, while also providing VA leaders an opportunity to identify challenges facing the department. After major reform legislation passed last year, VA is now on a path toward improved accountability and efficiency. Much work remains, however, and I look forward to maintaining an open dialogue with department leaders.
Department of Veterans Affairs Town Hall
Following the meeting, I, along with Senate Veterans' Affairs Committee (SVAC) Chairman Johnny Isakson (R-GA), SVAC Ranking Member Richard Blumenthal (D-CA), and House Veterans' Affairs Committee Ranking Member Corrine Brown (D-FL), joined Secretary McDonald at a town hall meeting with VA employees.
This forum provided us an opportunity to hear directly from employees, many of whom are veterans, regarding how our efforts in Congress impact VA employees and how we can better collaborate to provide our veterans with the best service and care possible.
Congressman Miller
participating in the Department of Veterans Affairs Town Hall, along with VA Secretary Bob McDonald, Senate Veterans' Affairs Committee (SVAC) Chairman Johnny Isakson (R-GA),
SVAC Ranking Member
Richard "Dick" Blumenthal (D-CA), and House Veterans' Affairs Committee Ranking Member Corrine Brown (D-FL) (seated left to right)
Meeting with Iraq and Afghanistan Veterans of America
I met with Iraq and Afghanistan Veterans of America (IAVA) CEO Paul Rieckhoff and IAVA leaders to discuss the groups legislative priorities for the 114th Congress and the successful passage of H.R. 203, the
Clay Hunt SAV Act .
I appreciate IAVA's dedication and service on behalf of our servicemen and women as well as its steadfast support of H.R.203.
Passage of the bill was an important success, but taking care of our veterans is an ongoing process, and I look forward to continuing to work with IAVA and other veterans service organizations to ensure we are doing all we can to take care of Americas returning heroes.
Congressman Miller meeting w ith the leadership of Iraq and Afghanistan Veterans of America
Honoring the Members of the First Special Service Force
I had the unparalleled privilege of participating in Congressional Gold Medal ceremony to honor the courage and sacrifice of the First Special Service Force. Authorized by Public Law No: 113-16, members of this elite force, which would come to be known as the Devils Brigade, were bestowed Congress highest honorthe Congressional Gold Medal. The Allied Force, composed of American and Canadian citizens, fought crucial battles in Italy and southern France, putting themselves in unthinkable danger during World War II. Conducting risky night-time raids with black boot polish painted on their faces against highly strategic German targets, the Devils Brigade was never defeated in combat and paved the way for todays American and Canadian special operations forces.
While the medal we presented last week is a physical token of gratitude for the heroism FSSF displayed in the face of evil, perhaps the most important aspect of the ceremony is that it served to strengthen the great legacy of the First Special Service Force. It was truly a humbling experience to be in the presence of the 43 FSSF heroes who attended this historic event and I am proud of the work we did in Congress to make it possible.
Congressman Miller
delivering remarks at the First Special Service Force Congressional Gold Medal Ceremony.
To view the ceremony, click on the image above.
Prior to the ceremony I enjoyed having the opportunity
to visit with family members of the late Kenneth Gay and the late Nelson B. Fox, Sr., two members of the First Special Service Force that called Northwest Florida home.
Congressman Miller with the Gay Family (left); Congressman Miller with Medal of Honor Recipient, Colonel Wesley Fox, USMC (ret.) and his wife, Dotti Lu (right)
As always, I welcome your comments. To share your thoughts on legislation, votes or issues, please visit http://jeffmiller.house.gov/ to send an e-mail or call any of my offices.
Thanks,
Jeff
Click Here
to view this email in your browser
Click Here
to be removed from this list