
If you are having trouble viewing
this message or would like to share it on a social network, you can
view the message
online .
February 09, 2015
Unsubscribe
Update My Profile
Website
|
About Doug
|
District Map
|
Constituent
Services
|
Issues &amp; Legislation
|
News
|
Contact |
Dear Friend,
Last week was very productive in Congress. We have already passed over
28 common sense pieces of conservative legislation designed to produce
results and change the culture in Washington DC. You deserve a Member
of Congress who will bring accountability to the tired, discredited,
and failed policies of the Obama Administration - and that is exactly
what I am going to do. Our work this week covered the spectrum from
reducing the burdens placed on small businesses, to supporting our
military, to working to eliminate Obamacare, and many other things in
between.
Thank you
very much for signing up for this newsletter. This is your in-depth,
behind the scenes look into Congress that doesn't often get reported in
the mainstream media. I'm pleased that you are a subscriber and I will
continue to provide you with valuable content that you will not find
anywhere else.
Please let me know if you require any
assistance with a federal government agency by contacting my local office at
(719) 520-0055.
Sincerely,
Please click
HERE
to watch the video I filmed with Congressman Scott
Tipton in support of the Keep Carson Strong
campaign
LATEST OP-ED SLAMMING OBAMA ADMINISTRATION FOREIGN
POLICY
Please take a few minutes to read my
latest Op-Ed that appeared in Stars and Stripes discussing the failures
of President Obama's foreign
policy:
"Obama policies weaken military, embolden
enemies"
By Congressman Doug
Lamborn
I believe in a smarter kind of
American leadership. We lead best when we combine military power with
strong diplomacy; when we leverage our power with coalition building;
when we dont let our fears blind us to the opportunities that this new
century presents. Thats exactly what were doing right now ?? and
around the globe, it is making a
difference.
President Barack Obama, Jan.
20
President Obama made that bold pronouncement in his State of the Union
address. Unfortunately, the reality of the Obama administration is the
exact opposite: Obamas weak foreign policy is masking how much
damage his cuts to our military are
doing.
The weakness of the presidents
foreign policy is painfully obvious. He wont stand with our allies like
France when they are hurting. He is sacrificing our relationship with
Israel in a vain attempt to befriend Iran. He left our friends in
Ukraine to their own devices as Russians invaded their country. Obama draws
lines in the sand, and then immediately ignores them, making them
meaningless to every nation in the world. Even his supposed foreign
policy successes, like Libya, have devolved into disasters because of the
politically motivated decision to lead from behind. Simply put, Obama
is alienating our allies and aiding our
enemies.
Even liberal foreign
policy leaders are growing more critical of Obamas foreign policy. Leslie
Gelb, a Carter and Clinton administration official and former
president of the Council on Foreign Relations, recently wrote: The Obama team
lacks the basic instincts and judgment necessary to conduct U.S.
national security policy in the next two years. Its simply too dangerous
to let Mr. Obama continue as is
with his current team and his way of
making
decisions.
The other dangerous facet to this failed foreign
policy is how it is hiding the harm being done by the presidents draconian
cuts to our military. For example, previous presidents of both
parties likely would have sent an aircraft carrier into the Black Sea or the
Baltic Sea to respond to Russian aggression. However, Obamas budget
cuts have made this extremely difficult
we simply dont have enough
aircraft carriers today. In fact, as I write this, we have one
aircraft carrier deployed in the Middle East, and thats it. We have no
carriers in the Mediterranean Sea as Libya dissolves and the threat of
al-Qaida grows across northern Africa. No carriers in the Indian Ocean.
Even though there has supposedly been a pivot to the Pacific, reports
now show that over a third of the time, there is no carrier in the
Pacific Ocean. The bad actors in the western Pacific can sleep more
easily, knowing that we are not
there.
Unfortunately, what is true of aircraft
carriers is also true of other vital military assets like bombers and
advanced fighter aircraft, or missile defense and special operations
units
because Obama has been decimating the defense budget, cutting
the number of personnel in our military and cutting the aircraft, ships
and equipment those men and women in uniform need to fight and
win.
A
smaller military can only be stretched for so long before it becomes
hollow, leaving soldiers without training, airmen without aircraft, and
servicemen and women struggling with overly long
deployments.
A smaller
military means that the enemies of America have more freedom to plot, plan
and execute destructive actions against our interests and
allies.
In his
State of the Union speech, Obama claimed to be connecting military
power with strong diplomacy. The truth is that the president is
weakening our military and failing at
diplomacy.
Even worse, Obamas incoherent
foreign policy is hiding the true impact of defense budget cuts. The
president fails to grasp that a weakened military will lead to weakened
diplomacy, which will lead to increased risk to the United States. The
purpose for a strong military is not to make war, but to prevent war
by reinforcing diplomacy. As President Ronald Reagan famously said, we
want peace through strength. The enemies of America will take
diplomacy much more seriously if the United States and our allies have a
powerful and credible
military.
Congress must stand up in a bipartisan fashion
against Obamas foreign policy and defense failures. The presidents
dangerous combination of failed foreign policy and devastating defense
cuts must be opposed at every
turn.
If we want true peace, we must be
strong diplomatically and militarily. This has worked for America in the
past and will work again in the
future.
LEADING IN
CONGRESS
I have been named named the Vice Chairman of the Strategic
Forces Subcommittee of the House Armed Services Committee. The Strategic
Forces Subcommittee oversees our nations strategic weapons, ballistic
missile defense, space programs, and Department of Energy national
security programs (excluding nonproliferation programs). It makes sure
our nation is properly prepared for any missile or nuclear attacks. I
am humbled and honored to be named the Vice Chairman of the extremely
important Strategic Forces Subcommittee. This appointment will allow be
to serve in a critical leadership role operating at the cutting edge
of our missile defense, military space, and energy related national
security programs. I will work hard to protect our nation, ensure that
our region continues to be an essential asset to our national security,
and will expand the influence of Colorado's civilian and military
defense industries. I was also selected to serve on the Emerging Threats
and Capabilities
Subcommittee.
Our country has never
faced a strategic environment as complex and multi-faceted as we face
today. Shaping a military that is equipped to face this environment will
require a diligent effort from Congress. With all these threats, Doug
will play a key role in our expanded HASC leadership team, working to
support our troops and shape our strategy. He brings impressive talent
and experience to the mission."
- House Armed Services Committee
Chairman Mac Thornberry
(TX-13)
Information on the
Subcommittees
The Strategic Forces Subcommittee oversees our
nations strategic weapons, ballistic missile defense, space
programs, and Department of Energy national security programs (excluding
nonproliferation programs). It makes sure our nation is properly prepared
for any missile or nuclear
attacks.
The Emerging Threats and
Capabilities Subcommittee is responsible for overseeing counter-terrorism
programs and initiatives and counter-proliferation of weapons of mass
destruction. Additionally, this subcommittee oversees U.S. Special
Operations Forces, the Defense Advanced Research Projects Agency (DARPA),
information technology and programs, force protection policy and
oversight, and related intelligence support. It makes sure that our nation
is protected against terrorist attacks and unconventional
threats.
STANDING
UP FOR VETERANS AND OUR
MILITARY
I participated in
a House Armed
Services Committee hearing on the Final Recommendations from the Military
Compensation and Retirement Modernization Commission. This Commission
was established by the 2013 National Defense Authorization
Act.
Click
HERE
for
more information on the Commission's
findings
Click
HERE
to see
Congressman Lamborn's
questions
REPEALING
OBAMACARE
I voted in favor of H.R. 596 to
repeal
Obamacare.
Obamacare was enacted in March of 2010 and
contains:
Over $1 trillion in new taxes, $1.8 trillion in new
spending and over $700 billion in cuts to
Medicare.
The law creates for the first
time an individual mandate for Americans to purchase government approved
health insurance and an employer mandate forcing businesses with more
50 full time employees to offer government-approved health
insurance.
The
legislation forced states to expand their Medicaid programs, although the
Supreme Court found that provision unconstitutional, so states now can
choose whether to expand the program to cover individuals up to 138 percent
of the poverty level.
Individuals with incomes between 100 and 400 percent of
poverty who purchase insurance through state-based exchanges may be eligible
for tax credits and cost-sharing subsidies provided certain
conditions are met.
For example, the individual must not be eligible for
Medicaid or CHIP and may not have an offer employer-sponsored
insurance.
Obamacare is a horrible piece of legislation that I have
opposed since the very beginning. It has harmed and disrupted the lives and
personal healthcare decisions of millions of Americans. Obamacare has
been filed with lies, distortions, and misleading information from day
one. It is past time for this big government monstrosity to be
repealed and replaced with patient-centered, free market solutions. That's
why I pushed leadership hard to schedule this vote. People want a
change in Washington's culture, that's what you deserve, and that's what I
am supporting with my vote
today.
FIGHTING FOR THE GROUND-UP
ECONOMY
I supported H.R. 527,
the Small Business Regulatory Flexibility Improvements Act of 2015.
This common sense legislation gives small businesses more of a role in
the regulatory process, eliminates loopholes used by the IRS to avoid
timely communication with small business owners, and ensures that
agencies review and reduce existing regulations. With half of Americans
working at a small business, why shouldn't hard-working taxpayers have
fewer costly regulations placing their jobs in jeopardy? H.R. 527 will
cut back on the burdens placed on our job creators by an out-of-control
federal
government.
Please click
HERE
for more
information on H.R. 527
I voted for H.R. 50, the Unfunded Mandates Information and
Transparency Act. This bill enhances the ability of Congress, federal
agencies, and the public to identify federal mandates that may impose undue
harm on state, local, and tribal governments and on the private sector
by providing more complete information about the cost of such mandates
and by holding Congress and federal agencies accountable for imposing
unfunded mandates. H.R. 50 is a serious package of reforms that will
help prevent states, localities, and job creators and entrepreneurs
from being at the mercy of unelected bureaucrats handing down unfunded
mandates and regulations. The people who make our economy grow deserve
the opportunity to have more transparency, and that's what H.R. 50
brings. This principled bill leaves out the fine print and allows
everyone involved in the regulatory process to play by the same
rules.
Please click
HERE
to read more about H.R.
50
I voted in favor of H.R. 351, the LNG Permitting Certainty
and Transparency Act. This legislation calls for the expansion of
Liquefied Natural Gas exports. Even though tens of thousands of Americans
would be put back to work and the nation would increase its energy
security, the Obama Administration has blocked the expansion of LNG
exports for years. These seemingly arbitrary bureaucratic blockades from
the Department of Energy (DOE) must stop. That's why the House passed
legislation to enact a thirty day deadline for the DOE to come to final
decisions on the construction of new LNG export facilities. With our
new Republican partners in the Senate, we will now stand strong against
an Administration that stands in the way of a more stable, secure,
and prosperous American energy future. As we continue to see the
aggressive actions of Russia, it makes no sense for the Obama Administration
to continue standing in the way of LNG exports. This bill supports
American energy independence and reduces Russia's energy stronghold over
our European
allies.
Please click
HERE
for more information on H.R.
351
PRESIDENT OBAMA'S FLAWED BUDGET
PROPOSAL
It is true
that President Obama has proposed an increase to our national security
spending. However, his draconian defense cuts over the last few years
caused the problem in the first place. Even his proposed DOD increases
come as something of a mixed bag since he is re-proposing cuts to the
DOD budget that the Congress firmly opposed last year.
Unfortunately, the President ignoring the will of the voters who sent new
majorities to Congress to shake up the way things are done in
Washington.
How can the President expect his budget to be taken clearly when
it is so far out-of-step with the priorities the American people just
voted for three short months ago? More tax increases, more expensive
government programs, and obscene levels of new debt are not the best
ways to help the hardworking taxpayers who live
paycheck-to-paycheck.
House Republicans will be proposing solutions that work towards a
balanced budget and grow our economy from the ground up. Rather than
robbing money from our children and grandchildren, President Obama must
recognize that he must compromise with the people's representatives and
work with on a serious and fiscally sustainable budget for the next
fiscal
year.
Key Facts: The President's FY 2016 Budget (Courtesy of
the House Budget
Committee)
Tax
Increases
Despite $2.1 trillion in new tax increases,
President Obamas budget never
balancesever.
Major proposed tax increases include higher
levies on savings and investment, small businesses, and increases in
the costs of hiring workers.
These tax hikes would stunt the economic growth
needed to get Americans back to work, and come on top of $1.7 trillion
in tax hikes already imposed by this
Administration.
Spending Increases
The
Presidents budget increases annually-appropriated spending for next year
by $74 billion relative to current law. Over 5 years, he would
increase such spending by $322
billion.
Next year alone, the Presidents budget would grow
total federal spending by $259 billion, or 7
percent.
Total spending will increase by 65
percent ($2.4 trillion) in 10 years under the Presidents
plan.
Interest Costs Skyrocket
President Obamas plan more than triples interest costs, which
remain the fastest growing item in the
budget.
Interest on the debt this year would be
$229 billion, but would rise to $785 billion in 2025 under his
plan.
At the end of
Presidents plan, annual interest costs would be larger than his proposed
spending for national defense, Medicaid or the combined total of all
non-defense agency
spending.
Debt
Climbs
Since 2009, weve added $7.5 trillion
to the debt and spent $21.1
trillion.
The Presidents budget plan would add $8.5 trillion
to the debt.
Cumulative deficits would amount to $5.7 trillion, and gross debt would climb
to $26.3 trillion in
2025.
EXCITING LEADERSHIP
OPPORTUNITY
Applications are now being accepted for
Congressman Lamborns 2015 Congressional Leadership Program (CLP).
Applications will be accepted and reviewed as they are received. We intend to
make all decisions by mid-April. Please answer all questions (listed
below) and submit for our review. A member of Congressman Lamborns
staff will follow-up to ensure that your application has been
received.
Program
Overview:
The Congressional Leadership Program is an
experience that is unique to Congressman Lamborns office. It is reserved
for students who: 1) have completed at least one year of
college-level courses, and 2) have strong ties to the 5th Congressional
District.
During the session, CLP Associates will be given real
responsibilities in a dynamic Congressional office, will receive training in
current legislative and political affairs, and will grow in leadership
skills. Associates will participate in substantive legislative duties
including, but not limited to, attending congressional hearings, assisting
in policy research, engaging in constituent communication, and
participating in media
outreach.
Additionally, numerous cultural and
historic opportunities will be provided by Congressman Lamborns D.C.
office so that CLP Associates will be able to take advantage of the
vibrant history of our nations capital, Washington
D.C.
Logistics:
The Congressional Leadership Program for 2015 will begin on June 1st
and will conclude July 31st.
Flight and housing
arrangements are to be made by the CLP Associate. Staff members may make
recommendations as
requested.
Associates are expected to maintain a
full-time work schedule: 9 AM-6 PM when Congress is in session and 9 AM-5 PM
while in
recess.
Schedules will be planned and organized by staff
members and responsibilities may change
daily.
Associates can
expect that administrative tasks, research, and constituent communication
will be part of the daily
schedule.
Associates can expect that
time will be set aside during the workday
for historic education,
including tours of Smithsonian exhibits, the National Archives, the
White House, the Capitol, and other significant
sites.
Associates
can expect to participate in leadership discussions and educational
training from The Heritage Foundation and other conservative, and free
market
organizations
Application
Process:
Candidates are required to answer all questions and attach a
current resume for review.
Questions and resume must be submitted
online to CO05Internship@mail.house.gov
please make sure to include
complete contact
information.
1) In an essay of no more than 250
words, please explain why you would like to be an Associate in the
Congressional Leadership Program for
2015.
2)
Please respond to the following short answer
questions:
Which three public figures hold political views most like your own?
Explain if
necessary.
Which public policy organizations are
advocating policies most like your
own?
With which political philosophy
do your views most
align?
Drawing from your experiences, how would
you demonstrate that you are capable of handling the responsibilities
that go along with being a CLP
Associate?
What kind of
background do you have? How did you become interested in government and
politics? Do you have any political/campaign
experience?
What is the
biggest problem facing America today, and what is one way you would
address
it?
SUPPORTING OUR
NATIONAL DEFENSE
Recently, I was
able to participate in a trip to the USS Theodore Roosevelt. I gained a
greater understanding of the operational capabilities of a nuclear
powered aircraft carrier, a vessel that is vital to our national
security.
SCENES FROM WASHINGTON
DC
Met with Members
of the Romanian Parliament in DC for the National Prayer Breakfast.
Romania is a valuable ally in the missile defense field and in countering
Russian aggression.
I had
the privilege of hosting a meeting of the House Montenegro Caucus
with the Speaker of the Parliament of Montenegro, Ranko Krivokapic.
Montenegro is a valued military ally in an important part of the world and
I appreciate Speaker Krivokapic taking the time to visit with our
caucus.
I was honored to attend a ceremony
awarding the Congressional Gold Medal to the First Special Service Force.
This elite unit was composed of volunteers from the United States and
Canada that activated in July 1942 and was instrumental in targeting
military and industrial installations that were supporting the German
war effort.
Interesting Articles
and Recommended Reading
Lamborn
Appointed to Key Armed Forces Committee
by The
Gazette **article features Congressman Lamborn**
Reports on
ISIS 'Management of Savagery' Manual Stun
Republicans
by
NewsMax **article
features Congressman Lamborn**
A Speech Netanyahu Must
Give
by the Wall Street
Journal
America's Strategy Deficit
by Peggy
Noonan
The Alarming Thing About Climate Alarmism
by the Wall Street
Journal
Social Media Update
If you would like to follow me on twitter please find me
at
@RepDLamborn
On
my Facebook
this
week constituents shared their feelings on repealing
Obamacare:
Roxie
Paine
-
Good idea.
Bonnie Crawford-Harris
-
Thank you.
Eric Babcock
-
Awesome! Get the Senate to vote for it
and get ready to override the President's
veto.
Debbie
Shivers
-
GOOD!
CONTACT INFORMATION
WASHINGTON OFFICE
2402 Rayburn HOB |
Washington, DC 20515
Phone: (202) 225-4422
Fax: (202)
226-2638
DISTRICT OFFICES 1125 Kelly Johnson Blvd.,
Suite 330
Colorado Springs, CO 80920
Phone: (719) 520-0055 |
Fax: (719) 520-0840
DISTRICT OFFICES
415 Main Street |
Buena Vista, CO 81211
Phone: (719) 520-0055 |
Fax: (719) 520-0840
Update My Profile
-
Unsubscribe
-
Privacy
Policy
gateway mail end
