
Click here to view this message in your browser.
March 18, 2015
Dear Hoosier,
The Pentagon recently reported that 326 servicemembers took their own lives from January through September of 2014. For the third straight year, we lost more servicemembers to suicide than in combat.
Suicide is a complex issue with no simple solutions, but it is a challenge we can&mdash;and must&mdash;tackle. I want to update you on my most recent effort to improve mental health outcomes for servicemembers and veterans.
In December, my
Jacob Sexton Military Suicide Prevention Act , named after a Hoosier, was signed into law. Now, all servicemembers&mdash;Active, Guard, and Reserve&mdash;will be required to have an annual mental health assessment.
This year, I am highlighting another important problem: the shortage of trained mental health care providers&mdash;a growing issue that is amplified by the increased demand for mental health services.
We need more mental health care professionals working within the Department of Defense (DoD) and Department of Veterans Affairs (VA), and we need private mental health care providers who understand military culture and best practices.
Additionally, when we look at the trained mental health care providers at the DoD and VA, there is often a disconnect between the services provided to our active servicemembers and those provided to our veterans.
To help address these problems, I recently introduced the
&ldquo;Servicemember and Veteran Mental Health Care Package&rdquo;
(&ldquo;Care Package&rdquo;), three bills, each with bipartisan support, to help improve mental health services for troops and veterans. The &ldquo;Care Package&rdquo; would help ensure we have a sufficient number of and the best trained mental health providers, by focusing on three areas:
Providers employed by DoD and VA;
Community (or private) providers; and
The training of physician assistants as new providers.
Joe with a Hoosier veteran at an Honor Flight in DC and with
Hoosier servicemembers during a bipartisan congressional
delegation to Afghanistan.
The first bill, the
Military and Veterans&rsquo; Mental Health Care Provider Assessment Act , would require all providers employed by DoD and VA to receive training in identifying suicide risk every three years and promote the use of uniform best practices across both departments.
The second bill, the
Community Provider Readiness Recognition Act , would establish and promote a special military/veteran-friendly designation for private providers that are trained to meet the unique needs of servicemembers and veterans.
The third bill, the
Frontline Mental Health Provider Training Act , would establish a pilot program to assess how physician assistants can help fill the gap in DoD and VA mental health care in the area of psychiatry.
In the coming months, I will be working non-stop to advance the &ldquo;Care Package,&rdquo; because we have so much work to do to prevent suicide and lessen the stigma of talking to someone when a servicemember or veteran is going through a tough time. As I work with my Senate colleagues, both Republicans and Democrats, your input and feedback is important in determining what additional common sense steps we should take on behalf of servicemembers, veterans, and all Hoosiers. Visit my
website
or call 317-226-5555 to contact me.
Sincerely,
Senator Joe Donnelly
Please do not reply to this email. To contact my office, please
click here .
Senator Joe Donnelly
Office Locations
Washington, D.C.
SH-720 Hart Senate Office Building
Washington, D.C. 20510
Phone: (202) 224-4814
Fax: (202) 224-5011
Indianapolis, IN
115 N. Pennsylvania Street, Suite 100
Indianapolis, IN 46204
Phone: (317) 226-5555
Fax: (855) 772-7518
For a full list of office locations, please
click here .
Unsubscribe
