
Website
|
About
|
Contact Me
|
Serving You
|
Media Center
|
Legislative Work
|
Our District
|
Resources
March 7, 2015
The Scalise Capitol Report
Addressing the Threat of a Nuclear-Armed Iran
I was proud to be a part of the escort committee as we welcomed Israel's Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu to address a joint session of Congress. As our closest ally in the Middle East, it was critical to hear firsthand from Israel's Prime Minister about the threat that a nuclear-armed Iran poses throughout the Middle East and the world. Republicans and Democrats in Congress showed our unwavering support of Israels right to defend itself and share in those concerns that the path we are on in these current negotiations with Iran will not prevent them from obtaining a nuclear weapons capability.
Click on the photo above to watch Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahus address
A bad deal with Iran will threaten Americas national security as well as the security of Israel, and threatens to kick off a nuclear arms race throughout the Middle East, the most volatile region of the world.
A better deal
is needed, and President Obama should heed the recommendations made by Prime Minister Netanyahu to increase the pressure on Iran to reach a deal that doesn't permit a state sponsor of terrorism this current path to a nuclear weapon.
Click on the photo above to watch my reaction to the Prime Ministers address
Devastating Report Details Impacts on Louisiana From Latest Proposed EPA Regulations
The
Pelican Institute
and
Beacon Hill Institute
have found that three of President Obamas radical Environmental Protection Agency (EPA) regulation proposals will have the following effects on Louisiana:
16,260: The number of jobs Louisiana will lose by 2030.
22%: The amount by which electricity prices will increase on families in Louisiana.
$968 million: The total cost of the three EPA regulations to Louisiana.
$1,962: The amount by which real disposable income in Louisiana will fall by 2030.
As you can see, the study confirms that these proposed EPA regulations will have devastating impacts on Louisianans and cost us thousands of jobs while simultaneously reducing our standard of living. The Obama Administrations radical global warming agenda is hurting American energy, and these unobtainable proposals will lead to more electricity plants being shuttered and higher costs for hard-working taxpayers. President Obama appears set on pursuing his radical agenda regardless of the negative impacts on our economy, including thousands more good jobs being shipped overseas. These radical proposals by the EPA must be rejected.
Click on the photo above to watch me question EPA Administrator Gina McCarthy about the economic effects of these regulations on Louisiana.
Fighting the Administrations Latest Affront to Second Amendment Rights
Senator Vitter and myself are urging the Obama Administration to withdraw reclassifying M855 ball ammunition, a popular type of ammo, as armor piercing ammunition. The president and his liberal lieutenants at the Bureau of Alcohol, Tobacco, Firearms and Explosives (ATF) would do well to read the Second Amendment to our Constitution and revisit the meaning of the phrase 'shall not be infringed. The Administration's continued attempts to circumvent Congress in order to implement radical regulations is unacceptable, especially when they trample on the freedoms guaranteed to all Americans by the Bill of Rights. We will fight this latest attempt at executive overreach!
Standing Ready With an Obamacare Alternative
I recently had the opportunity to go to the Supreme Court to attend the oral arguments for King v. Burwell, a case about President Obama and the IRS once again ignoring the law. Obamacare states very clearly that the IRS can only provide subsidies in exchanges "established by the state. But more than 30 states did not set up state-run exchanges, because Obamacare is so unworkable and unpopular. So the IRS tried to write their own law and authorized over $500 billion in spending not approved by Congress. In our system of government, Congress writes the laws and the executive branch implement the laws as written. That is what this case is about and why it is so important. Regardless of how people feel about Obamacare, and I stand in strong opposition to that failed law, no one wants to give the IRS the power to write their own laws. If the Supreme Court upholds the principle of separation of powers, as I think they should, Congress will be ready to act. The Administrations lawless actions have put the health care of millions of Americans at risk. House Republicans will move forward with an alternative that puts patients back in charge of their health care decisions and gives them better options than President Obamas failed law. The Courts decision to uphold the law will also mean a chance for a better health care system for all Americans.
The House Working Group on Health provided a preview of what the House will do if the Court rules in the plaintiffs favor. That plan can be found
here.
It is an honor to represent you in Congress. For more information please visit my
website ,
Twitter ,
Instagram , and
Facebook
pages.
God Bless,
Steve Scalise
House Majority Whip
WEBSITE
|
UNSUBSCRIBE
|
CONTACT
Washington DC Office
2338 Rayburn HOB
Washington, DC 20515
Phone: (202) 225-3015
Houma Office
8026 Main Street
Suite 700
Houma, LA 70360
Phone: (985) 879-2300
Metairie Office
110 Veterans Boulevard
Suite 500
Metairie, LA 70005
Phone: (504) 837-1259
Mandeville Office
21454 Koop Drive
Suite 1E
Mandeville, LA 70471
Phone: (985) 893-9064
Hammond Office
1514 Martens Drive
Suite 10
Hammond, LA 70401
Phone: (985) 340-2185
Click Here Click Here