DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.0 Transitional//EN" "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml1/DTD/xhtml1-transitional.dtd"
If you are having trouble reading this email,
please view the web version .
Visiting Lancaster Heart and Vascular Institute
This week, I visited the Lancaster Heart and Vascular Health Institute to meet with cardiologists and tour the facility. The Lancaster General Health Institute is recognized as one of the finest in the country and is ranked by US News and World Report as a top 50 hospital for cardiology. February marks American Heart Month. Our community is blessed with some of the best medical facilities in the country. It was a pleasure to meet with the knowledgeable staff and see the cutting edge equipment at the Lancaster Heart and Vascular Health Institute. I was especially impressed by the tour of the cardiac operating room where patients receive new heart valves in a non-invasive procedure that gets them back on their feet within just a few days. It was a great to see that the 16th District is home to doctors working to advance medicine and find new ways to save lives.
Kennett Square Manufacturer Makes Carrier Parts
CPV Manufacturing in Kennett Square has been helping equip Navy ships for nearly 100 years. Today, they are the leading developer and manufacturer of high pressure control and shut off valves for aircraft carriers. The facility that I visited is relatively new and makes something they call the O-Seal System. These are leak-proof and reliable connections that the Navy requested for their ships. United States aircraft carriers are an engineering marvel. The newest Ford-class carriers are more than three football fields long. More than 4,000 men and women serve on board,
between 25 different decks. A single aircraft carrier can house 90 aircraft of various classes. These new ships could serve in the Navy for the next 90 years.
Its great to see local workers contributing to these incredible ships that help keep our country safe and keep the waters of the world peaceful.
Immigration Ruling Stops Presidents Order
This week, a federal judge delayed implementation of the Presidents immigration order from last fall. The injunction held up the order in part because the administration failed to subject the new rules to the standard public comment period required for new regulations. The judge noted that the order amounted to regulations directly contradicting current law. While the administration is appealing the ruling, it could be months before a final decision is handed down. Next week, Congress will return to Washington to continue considering funding for the Department of Homeland Security for this year.
ISIS Commits More Atrocities, Killing Christians in Libya
I was extremely saddened to hear about the execution of 21 Coptic Christians at the hands of Islamic State militants in Libya this week. For many years Ive worked with Egyptian Copts, a Christian minority that has long been persecuted in their home country. As the new co-chair of the Human Rights Commission, one of the subjects I intend to look at more closely are the offenses being committed by ISIS. This issue may be a subject of one of the hearings I will be chairing this year. Its important that their crimes are not forgotten.
Op-ed of the Week: The Greatness of Washington
The third Monday in February is mostly known now as Presidents Day. In fact, the federal holiday is still Washingtons Birthday. Washingtons actual birthday is February 22 and we are approaching 300 years since his birth.
READ MORE
Facebook
Podcast
Tell Joe Your Opinion
Issues
The 16th District
Ask Joe For Help
The Government
Legislation
Press
About Joe Pitts
Photo Gallery
Please feel free to
forward this email to your friends and family .
Recent Videos
Protection from Obamacare Hacks
Rep. Pitts discusses his bill to promptly inform consumers if Obamacare exchanges are hacked.
Obamacare Hurts Local Schools
Rep. Pitts speaks in support of the bill repealing Obamacare, noting that the bill is hurting local schools.
Washington, D.C. Office
420 Cannon House Office Building
Washington, DC 20515
(1st Street and Independence Avenue)
202-225-2411
202-225-2013 (fax)
Chester County Office
Post Office Box 837
Unionville, PA 19375
(Routes 82 and 926)
610-444-4581
610-444-5750 (fax)
Lancaster Office
150 North Queen Street
Suite 716 (7th floor)
Lancaster, PA 17603
717-393-0667
717-393-0924 (fax)
Click Here Click Here