
For Immediate Release
Contact: Lale Morrison
March 02, 2015
(202) 225-1313
March 2015
The Hastings Monthly Report
Hastings Introduces Resolution Designating August 6th as National Voting Rights Day
On August 6, 2015, we will mark 50 years since the historic
Voting Rights Act
was signed into law by President Lyndon B. Johnson. Arguably, few pieces of legislation have had a more profound impact on the African American community in our country than this momentous act.
Last month, coinciding with Black History Month, I was proud to pay homage to the transformative
Voting Rights Act
by introducing a resolution designating August 6th as National Voting Rights Day.
Indeed, the
Voting Rights Act
has transformed the American social fabric in a variety of ways. Not only has it been effective in outlawing discriminatory voting practices that pervaded this country for many years, but it has also exponentially expanded the level of African American voter registration and participation. Yet, perhaps the Acts most significant legacy is that it precipitated an increase in the number of African Americans and other minority elected officials.
It is important to emphasize that while the Voting Rights Act has indeed served as our nations most central safeguard against racial discrimination and voter suppression, discrimination still persist today. Indeed, this was highlighted in the Supreme Courts recent decision in
Shelby County v. Holder , which undermines the precise values that the Act was established to protect
the ability of all Americans to actively participate in civil society.
It is for this reason that establishing a day recognizing the significance of the
Voting Rights Act
is so important. It allows us to reflect on the significance of this landmark legislation, while simultaneously engaging in efforts to register more voters and promote civic engagement.
The designation of August 6th as National Voting Rights Day will cost nothing and will undoubtedly pay great dividends in knowledge, commitment, and voter participation.
African Descent Affairs Act
I am equally as proud to have recently introduced the
African Descent Affairs Act of 2015 , legislation that would implement a Global Office of African Descent Affairs within the U.S. State Department, tasked with reducing the levels of prejudice and discrimination faced by people of African descent around the globe. This bill will support the ideals established by the UN General Assembly in its adoption of resolution 68/237, proclaiming January 1, 2015, to December 31, 2024 the International Decade for People of African Descent.
In addition to establishing an office within the State Department, my bill creates a fund to support anti-discrimination and empowerment efforts by African descent-led civil society organizations, and requires annual State Department human rights reports to include a section on discrimination faced by people of African descent.
I remain hopeful that over the course of the International Decade we will make progress in the fight to find solutions to end racism, xenophobia, and the countless other forms of injustice that have for far too long plagued individuals of African descent. Now, more than ever, we must engage with our international partners in continued efforts to address the global challenges of racism and discrimination.
Womens History Month
March marks Womens History Month, when we celebrate the contributions and accomplishments of women who have helped pioneer our democracy. Not only as mothers, daughters, and sisters, but as veterans, business leaders, and public officials, women have successfully helped to build our great nation and invigorate our communities. Women today continue to follow the example of strong women leaders such as Eleanor Roosevelt, Amelia Earhart, Rosa Parks and numerous more.
We also use this opportunity to recognize the efforts of women fighting for gender equality. From Susan B. Anthonys struggle for womens suffrage to Lilly Ledbetters fight to gain fair pay, great strides have been made towards womens equality in our society. But, the fight is not over and there is still much progress to be made.
Last Congress, I was a proud co-sponsor of the
Paycheck Fairness Act
and
Fair Minimum Wage Act , two bills that would take significant steps to improve pay equity and increase penalties on employers paying discriminatory wages. However, today, women still earn less than men, with women making 78 cents for every dollar their male counterparts earned. So long as women are paid less than men for the same work, full equality is not achieved.
As we commemorate Womens History Month, it is important to renew our efforts to address discrimination against women in all its forms. In Congress, I will continue to support legislation that mandates paycheck fairness, invests in employment opportunities for women, supports fair maternity and family leave policies, and raises the minimum wage. Together, we must commit to ending discrimination once and for all.
Congressman Alcee L. Hastings serves as Senior Member of the House Rules Committee, Ranking Democratic Member of the U.S. Helsinki Commission, and Co-Chairman of the Florida Delegation
###
NOTE: Please DO NOT respond to this email as this inbox is unattended. To contact my office please
click here
UNSUBSCRIBE
|
PRIVACY POLICY
|
CONTACT US
Click Here Click Here