
If you are having trouble viewing this message or would like to
share it on a social network, you can
view the message online .
HOME
ABOUT
CONTACT ME
SERVING YOU
MEDIA CENTER
OUR DISTRICT
RESOURCES
March 07, 2015
Dear Friend,
Thank you for
joining our Telephone Townhall on Tuesday. If you were unable to, there
will be another one soon, when you will have the opportunity to ask me
questions about my work in Northeast Georgia and Washington, D.C.,
where I'm fighting for conservative values.
The most common question on Tuesday's call was what to do about the
President's executive amnesty order, which he waited to announce until
after last November's elections. He waited until after Americans could
have their say at the polls -- until his unilateral decree would cause
the most damage.
I voted against the
recent Department of Homeland Security funding bill that funds
implementation of President Obama's amnesty of five million illegal immigrants,
possibly granting them welfare benefits, even tax refunds. Despite my
opposition, the bill passed, but a federal court has issued an
injunction, temporarily delaying implementation of the President's
unconstitutional demand. The Texas judge agreed that he does not possess the
power to rule alone.
President Obama would
have been within his authority to strengthen our border security but
instead opted to sow domestic chaos and Constitutional crisis. So, in
addition to voting against amnesty, this week I also oversaw bills
that would raise the bar for political asylum, return unaccompanied
minors to their home countries, enforce deportable offenses and encourage
employers to verify employees' immigration
status.
These are common-sense solutions to our broken immigration
system that the President has no interest in fixing. I will continue to
vote to uphold our laws and Constitution, while the courts and more
conservatives in Congress seek new ways to stop the president's
reckless agenda.
Sincerely,
Doug Collins
Member of
Congress
Tell a Friend
E-mail:
E-mail Updates
Yes, please periodically send me e-mail
updates.*
*By subscribing
to my
e-mail updates, you are authorizing me to send regular
e-mail updates from my office to your e-mail account.
Click for
Student Art Competition
Info
Washington D.C. Office
513 Cannon
House Office Building
Washington, DC
20515
Phone: (202) 225-9893
Gainesville Office
210 Washington St. NW, Suite 202
Gainesville, GA 30501
Phone: (770) 297-3388
Unsubscribe
|
Update My Profile
|
Privacy Policy
