
Friday, March 13, 2015
WEBSITE
|
FORWARD TO A FRIEND
| SHARE ON:
Resources to Help You This Tax Season
Rep. Murphy discusses tax services in the district with constituents
Worried about taxes?
Filing your taxes doesn't have to be stressful, and there is plenty of information to guide you through the process.
Learn more about the resources in our area that are available to help you below.
Dear Friends,
This tax season, there are a number of free resources available to make your filing easy and simple, and my office is here to help with the process.
The Internal Revenue Service has prepared
information
regarding changes taking effect as a result of the Affordable Care Act. For most taxpayers, the extent of these changes is as simple as checking a box to show that you had healthcare. Some individuals may even
qualify for exemptions
for not electing to have coverage for all or parts of 2014. If you have questions about how these changes may affect you, the
Taxpayer Advocate Service
can work with you to find a solution.
For any tax-related questions on these and other issues, there are programs throughout the district that are offering free help to taxpayers who qualify.
The IRS Volunteer Income Tax Assistance (VITA) program is generally available for those who make less than $53,000 per year, people with disabilities, the elderly, and non-English-speaking taxpayers who may need extra assistance when preparing and filing their taxes.
The Tax Counseling for the Elderly (TCE) program offers free help as well, especially for taxpayers aged 60 or older, and specializes in tax questions specific to seniors, such as pensions and retirement-related issues.
With locations throughout the Palm Beaches and Treasure Coast, you can find a VITA or TCE service center near you at
www.IRS.gov/VITA .
These IRS-certified volunteers and resources, and my office, are here to help this tax season.
Sincerely,
Patrick E. Murphy
U.S. Congress
NEWS FOR VETERANS
As a result of the Veterans Access, Choice, and Accountability Act, eligible veterans now have the option to seek non-VA health care to avoid travel to and wait times at VA facilities.
Learn more about this program to make healthcare more accessible in
this video , and pass on to friends and family who may be eligible.
NOTE: Please DO NOT respond to this email as this inbox is unattended. To contact my office please
click here
UPDATE SUBSCRIPTION OPTIONS
|
PRIVACY POLICY
|
CONTACT US
Click Here Click Here