
If you are having trouble viewing this message or would
like to share it on a social network, you can
view the message online .
HOME
ABOUT
CONTACT ME
SERVING YOU
MEDIA CENTER
OUR
DISTRICT
RESOURCES
February 14, 2015
Dear Friend,
I'm a member
of the House Judiciary Committee, which protects our civil rights. One
is due process, according to our Constitution's Fifth Amendment: "No
person shall... be deprived of life, liberty, or property, without due
process of law; nor shall private property be taken for public use,
without just compensation."
That's exactly
what the Internal Revenue Service did to Northeast Georgian and small
business owner Andrew Clyde,
who testified on
Capitol Hill this week about "civil
forfeiture."
The Ninth District resident, who owns Clyde Armory, experienced
a sales boom when the President threatened to remake our country's
gun laws. Fearing it could be their last chance, customers flocked to
his store to purchase arms. Suddenly, Andrew was in possession of a lot
of cash. His insurance policy meant he would have to deposit it in
amounts drawing Interval Revenue Service
scrutiny.
More than scrutiny, as a matter of fact. The IRS seized
Andrew's bank accounts, almost destroying his business and the 25 jobs he
provides. But the Justice Department never charged him with a crime. He
hadn't committed one -- just fallen afoul of a law that Congress
intended to prevent money laundering. As with many of our laws, the
executive branch is increasingly bending them to its own purposes, collecting
fees and seizing property in order to evade Congress' power to fund
the executive branch.
Not only is the
Obama Administration evading Congress, it is also evading the courts.
Because criminal courts often refuse to uphold its cash-grabs, the
Administration has turned to civil courts with a lower burden of proof. To
his credit, Andrew fought the IRS to a near draw, surrendering just
$50,000 of the nearly million dollars representing his entire business.
During the ordeal, he was not sure he would be able to continue to
operate it.
The Navy veteran, also my
friend, told me on Capitol Hill this week that he never thought he would
become a target of his own government. The IRS seized his property
without probable cause. The Justice Department never charged him with a
crime, while prosecutors threatened his reputation. More small business
owners have told the House the same thing.
Unfortunately, its aggressive pursuit of civil forfeiture is just one
example of this Administration run amok. On the House Judiciary
Committee, I'm fighting to expose its misconduct and restore the separation
of powers our Founders designed to protect our
rights.
The Most Interesting Man in the World Visits
Congress
My speech on the House floor
attracted a lot of attention
this week. Somebody told me
that I "won the Internet." I'm just happy I was able to bring more
attention to our country's budget problems, which President Obama's
proposed 2016 budget would exacerbate. Click the image above to see what
happened.
Sincerely,
Doug
Collins
Member of Congress
Tell a Friend
E-mail:
E-mail Updates
Yes, please periodically send me e-mail updates.*
*By subscribing to my
e-mail updates,
you are authorizing me to send regular e-mail updates from my office to
your e-mail account.
Washington D.C.
Office
513 Cannon House Office
Building
Washington, DC 20515
Phone: (202) 225-9893
Gainesville Office
210 Washington St.
NW, Suite 202
Gainesville, GA 30501
Phone: (770) 297-3388
Unsubscribe
|
Update My Profile
|
Privacy Policy
gateway
mail end 