
Keeping Our Kids Safe At School
I am working to ensure our kids are safe at school. Like all parents, this is a personal issue for me. When any of my three children get on the bus to go to school, I have every right know they are going somewhere safe. As parents, we all have this right.
My bipartisan legislation,
Protecting Students from Sexual and Violent Predators Act , requires background checks for all school employees who have unsupervised access to children, and ends "passing the trash" - the practice of a school helping a known child predator obtain a new job in a different school district or state.
I intend to offer my legislation as an amendment to the Victims of Human Trafficking Act of 2015, but unfortunately, Senate Democrats have been standing in the way and are preventing the bill, and my amendment, from getting a vote. This is commonsense bipartisan legislation that I will continue to fight for to keep our kids safe.
Recently, I visited
Pittsburgh Action Against Rape (PAAR)
to discuss my efforts with the men and women who encounter these tragedies and are fighting every day to end them. I also spoke on the Senate floor about my legislation. You can watch that video
here .
Fighting Burdensome Obamacare Taxes
I want to get rid of a tax that is driving up health costs for all Americans and costing us jobs in Pennsylvania. Under Obamacare, manufacturers of medical devices, ranging from surgical tools to cochlear implants to defibrillators, are required to pay a 2.3 percent excise tax. This tax raises costs for patients, hinders innovation, stifles job creation, and results in lower quality healthcare.
Along with a bipartisan group of my colleagues, I introduced legislation that would repeal this burdensome tax. Now, a repeal of this tax has been included in the Senate Republican budget proposal. This is a big step towards reversing this job-killing tax.
I am hopeful that the final budget will include this critical provision. You can read more about this issue
here . The photo above was taken at Precision Medical Products in Denver, Pa., a medical device company that produces everything from needles for vaccinations to diabetic delivery systems.
Highlighting A Community Impact
On Monday afternoon, Mayor Nutter, Congressman Fattah, and I attended a ceremony to honor the 100 th
anniversary of the
Big Brothers Big Sisters (BBBS) Southeastern Pennsylvania . This non-profit organization provides at-risk children facing adversity with strong, enduring, and professionally supported one-to-one mentoring relationships.
The Southeast Pennsylvania branch of this organization has grown into a four-county agency serving local youth. It supports nearly 3,100 mentorships and has shown to help participants perform better in school and develop better relationships with their family and friends. BBBS Southeastern PA continues to do everything in its power to reach the 250,000 at-risk youth in its region. I submitted a statement of recognition and appreciation to the Congressional Record for their efforts. In the photo above, I am presenting that statement to BBBS Southeastern PA CEO, Marcus Allen.
I am proud that two of my staff members are mentors in the school-based program in Philadelphia. They meet with their "littles" during their lunch hour at school once each week to chat and play games. Philadelphia is lucky to have such a dedicated organization serving the community's youth. (Photo: Jasen Hudsen)
Supporting Small Businesses
Christian Conroy stopped by my office on Monday afternoon. Christian is the State Director of the
Pennsylvania Small Business Development Center (SBDC) . This organization helps small businesses all over the Commonwealth expand and grow their operations so they can hire more workers and make their organizations more efficient.
Christian brought with him a basket of Pennsylvania-made candy to showcase in my candy desk on the Senate floor. The candy came from Bella Faccias (Scranton), Country Confections Chocolates (Canonsburg), Lang's Chocolates (Williamsport), Lux Artisan Chocolates (Pittsburgh), and Nibbles &amp; Bits (Scranton). Thank you all for the deliciousness!
Working Together To Improve Our Communities
On Tuesday, I joined representatives from the
Urban League of Philadelphia
and the
Urban League of Greater Pittsburgh
to discuss making federal worker training programs more efficient. We identified some areas where federal funding could be better spent and discussed how measuring results is a vital component to ensuring these programs are sustainable. We also discussed efforts to ensure every child has access to a world-class education.
Having these organizations' input is a great way for me to learn directly from the people working on the front lines to improve our communities. I look forward to continuing this relationship.
ALLENTOWN, PA
PH: (610) 434-1444
ERIE, PA
PH: (814) 453-3010
HARRISBURG, PA
PH: (717) 782-3951
JOHNSTOWN, PA
PH: (814) 266-5970
PHILADELPHIA, PA
PH: (215) 241-1090
PITTSBURGH, PA
PH: (412) 803-3501
SCRANTON, PA
PH: (570) 941-3540
WASHINGTON, D.C.
PH: (202) 224-4254
UNSUBSCRIBE
