
If you are having trouble
viewing this message or would like to share it on a social network, you
can
view the message
online .
CONTACT
ABOUT
SERVICES
NEWS
OFFICE
LOCATIONS
The Senate Foreign Relations Committee will vote on Senator
Corkers Iran Nuclear Agreement Review Act of 2015 on April 14. The
bipartisan legislation will allow Congress the opportunity to review any
agreement that is reached to ensure the terms will achieve U.S. objectives
for preventing Irans development of a nuclear
weapon.
Tomorrow on CBS Face the
Nation, Senator Corker will discuss his efforts to ensure Congress
on
behalf of the American people
can play a constructive role in any
nuclear agreement with Iran. See below or click
here
to find the air time in your
area.
Tri-Cities:
WJHL-TV, 10:30
a.m. ET
Knoxville:
WVLT-TV, 10:30 a.m.
ET
Chattanooga:
WDEF-TV, 10:30 a.m.
ET
Nashville:
WTVF-TV, 9:30 a.m. CT
Jackson:
GBBJ-TV, 9:30 a.m. CT
Memphis:
WREG-TV, 9:30
a.m. CT
Committee Passage of Budget is an Important First
Step
Senator Corker, a
member of the Senate Budget Committee, released the following statement
after voting for committee passage of the concurrent resolution on
the budget for fiscal year 2016.
While far from perfect, passing a budget is an important first
step toward truly dealing with our nations fiscal challenges in a
meaningful way,
said Corker.
There is significant work
ahead, and I look forward to sitting down with those who are serious
about putting in place bipartisan solutions so that Washingtons lack
of action on real fiscal reform does not continue to hurt the American
people.
Opposing Lynch Nomination for Attorney
General
This week,
Senator Corker announced he will oppose the nomination of Loretta Lynch
to be attorney general of the United States.
The job of the U.S. attorney general is to
enforce federal laws as written, not as the administration wishes they were
written,
said Corker.
While I believe Ms. Lynch is
an impressive attorney and a committed public servant, nothing
revealed during our personal meeting or at her confirmation hearing has
assured me that she will be an independent attorney general and refrain
from selective enforcement of the law, and therefore I will not be
supporting her confirmation.
Prince Charles Visits
Washington
Senator
Corker enjoyed hosting His Royal Highness the Prince of Wales at the U.S.
Capitol on Thursday for a meeting with members of the Senate Foreign
Relations Committee.
Nissan to Bring 1,000 New Jobs to Rutherford
County
On Tuesday, Senator
Corker applauded Tennessee Governor Bill Haslam, Economic and Community
Development Commissioner Randy Boyd and Nissan officials following an
announcement that the company will expand its U.S. manufacturing
footprint by investing $160 million in a supplier park project at the
Smyrna, Tenn. plant, which will bring more than 1,000 new supplier jobs to
Rutherford County.
This
announcement of a $160 million investment and 1,000 new jobs is great
news for Rutherford County and only further solidifies Tennessee as the
premiere location for auto manufacturing,
said
Corker.
Governor Haslam and his economic development team continue to
build on the special partnership between Tennessee and Nissan, which began
more than 30 years ago under then-Governor Lamar Alexander, and I
want to thank Nissan for their continued commitment to our
state.
Preserving Tennessee Wilderness for Future
Generations
Senators Corker and
Alexander this week introduced the Tennessee Wilderness Act, which
would designate nearly 20,000 acres in six areas of the Cherokee
National Forest as wilderness areas.
Millions of people visit Tennessee every year to experience our
incredible God-given outdoors, and this legislation would ensure the
Cherokee National Forest is preserved for future generations,
said Corker.
I thank Senator Alexander for his lifelong
commitment to protecting wilderness areas, and Im hopeful Congress will
consider and pass this legislation in the near
future.
Click
here
to learn more about the Tennessee Wilderness
Act.
Israeli Election Results
Senator Corker made the following statement about the
results of the national election in Israel.
The oldest and most stable democracy in the Middle
East has once again gone through a hotly contested election and will
peacefully form a new government. We congratulate Mr. Netanyahu on his
victory and Mr. Herzog on his competitive run, and we look forward to
continuing to build on our mutual interests,
said
Corker.
Tennesseans Visit
Washington
Senators Corker and Alexander
hosted over 130 Tennesseans at this weeks Tennessee Tuesday, a regular
breakfast held on Capitol Hill every week the Senate is in session for
visitors from the Volunteer State. To view photos from this week's
event, click
here . For more
information or to register for a future "Tennessee Tuesday" event, click
here .
Home
|
Privacy Policy
|
Unsubscribe
gateway mail end
