
Mar
6
News from Senator Kelly Ayotte's Office
Dear Friends,
This week I was pleased to welcome Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu to Congress to discuss his views regarding a potential agreement the Obama administration is pursuing on Iran's nuclear weapons program. The prime minister's speech was powerful, persuasive, and correct. He articulately underscored the threat posed if Iran, the world's leading state sponsor of terrorism, acquires the world's most destructive weapon. If that happens, it would present a grave threat to both Israel and the United States. I share his concerns that the deal the administration is pursuing is a bad deal that would allow Iran to continue its acts of regional terrorism and simply delay - not dismantle - its nuclear weapons program. We need a real, verifiable agreement that ends Iran's nuclear weapons program. I believe Congress should have a say on any final agreement, which is why I'm cosponsoring a bipartisan bill that would require congressional review of any comprehensive nuclear agreement with Iran.
At a Budget Committee hearing on Wednesday, I highlighted my ongoing efforts to save taxpayer dollars by cutting wasteful and duplicative federal programs. The Duplication Elimination Act, which I introduced with Senator Joe Manchin (D-WV) would save billions of taxpayer dollars by making it easier for Congress to eliminate duplicative and innefficient programs across federal government agencies. See below for more info.
Also this week I joined Senator Claire McCaskill (D-MO) in re-introducing bipartisan legislation that would take back bonuses paid to VA employees who were involved in the manipulation of electronic waitlists. Because the VA used wait-time metrics as a factor in determining employee bonuses, some VA employees were incentivized to use secret waitlists to artificially inflate compliance data in order to maximize their bonus payments. Employees guilty of this behavior must be held fully accountable for their misconduct - starting with repaying the funds they wrongly received, which our bipartisan bill would require. Scroll down to read more.
Finally, I was proud to join a group of bipartisan colleagues this week in launching the bipartisan Assisting Caregivers Today (ACT) Caucus, which will bring greater attention to family caregiving issues and help Congress identify policy solutions to address the needs of caregivers. Check out this
video
about the caucus.
Today I'm on the road in the North Country, where I'll be stopping by the Village Gun Store in Whitefield and attending the Androscoggin Valley Chamber of Commerce Annual Dinner &amp; Meeting in Shelburne.
I hope you have a great weekend - and please read on for further news and updates from my office.
Senator Ayotte with Dr. Tobey Partch-Davies of the Institute On Disability and the Center on Aging and Community Living at the UNH, who joined the launch of the Assisting Caregivers Today (ACT) Caucus in Washington this week
Ayotte Calls for Cutting Waste, Duplication Across Federal Government
At a Senate Budget Committee hearing focused on wasteful government spending this week, Senator Ayotte renewed her call for Congress and the Administration to save taxpayer dollars by cutting wasteful and duplicative federal programs. She highlighted bipartisan legislation she recently re-introduced with Senator Joe Manchin (D-WV) - the Duplication Elimination Act - that would help save billions of taxpayer dollars by making it easier for Congress to eliminate wasteful spending and overlapping programs across federal government agencies.
The hearing featured testimony from the head of the Government Accountability Office (GAO), which issues an annual report identifying duplicative, overlapping, or wasteful government programs, and provides recommendations to reduce waste and inefficiency. Yet Congress and President too often fail to act on these recommendations.
Read More
Ayotte, McCaskill Reintroduce Legislation to Claw Back Bonuses to VA Employees Responsible for Misconduct
Continuing her efforts to improve accountability at the VA, Senator Ayotte re-introduced bipartisan legislation with Senator Claire McCaskill this week that would take back bonuses paid to VA employees who were involved in the manipulation of electronic waitlists. The House of Representatives passed a related bill on Monday.
Because the VA used wait-time metrics as a factor in determining employee bonuses, some VA employees were incentivized to use secret waitlists to artificially inflate compliance data in order to maximize their bonus payments. According to one report, employees at the Phoenix VA hospital received approximately $10 million in bonuses since 2011, while simultaneously using secret waitlists to hide delays in patients receiving care.
In addition, the VA paid out $278 million in bonuses in 2013, millions of which went to employees in facilities being investigated for wait list manipulations.
Read More
Union Leader:
NH politicians request more pipeline open houses
The N.H. delegation wants to ensure that residents have adequate time and information regarding natural gas pipeline.
By Doug Alden,
New Hampshire Union Leader
March 2, 2015
New Hampshire's congressional delegation is asking Kinder Morgan to hold a second round of open houses in communities that could be affected by a natural gas pipeline proposed for the state's southern tier.
The letter dated Friday is the second time in under two months that all four members of the delegation have united to express concerns about Granite State residents having adequate time and information to consider the Northeast Energy Direct project.
"We are writing to request that Kinder Morgan provide New Hampshire residents a full opportunity to meaningfully express their views ... before any final or binding decision is made regarding the route for this pipeline project," the letter states in the opening paragraph. "Specifically, we request that Kinder Morgan hold a second round of open house meetings in the coming months in potentially affected communities."
The letter was addressed to Allen Fore, Kinder Morgan's vice president of public affairs, and signed by U.S. Sens. Kelly Ayotte and Jeanne Shaheen and U.S. Reps. Frank Guinta and Annie Kuster.
Read More
Ayotte Statement on Guantanamo Terrorism Reengagement Report
Senator Ayotte, a member of the Senate Armed Services Committee, released the following statement regarding the Office of the Director of National Intelligence's (DNI) most recent report on terrorism reengagement of Guantanamo Bay detainees:
"The latest report by the Director of National Intelligence confirms what history and common sense suggest-if we release hardened terrorists, especially to unstable countries, some of them will return to terrorism. In particular, the report concludes that detainees 'determined to reengage' in terrorism will do so after they are transferred - despite transfer conditions.
"Especially when most of the remaining Guantanamo detainees are the worst of the worst terrorists who pose a high risk for reengagement in terrorist activities, the DNI's assessment further demonstrates the danger posed by the administration's rush to empty and close Guantanamo.
Read More
Urging Action on Human Trafficking
This week Senator Ayotte spoke on the floor of the Senate about bipartisan efforts to combat human trafficking in New Hampshire and across the country. Recently she cosponsored the
Runaway and Homeless Youth and Trafficking Prevention Act , bipartisan legislation that would reauthorize important programs that provide safe shelter, counseling, and health services for runaway and homeless youth. Click
here
to read more about Senator Ayotte's efforts on this issue.
Photos of the Week
It was great to see Robert Kraft &amp; the New England Patriots' Lombardi trophy on Capitol Hill this week!
With Joel Schneid, Director of Career &amp; Technical Education at Claremont School District, Karen White, Principal of the Manchester School of Technology and Diane Canada, Director, Career Technical Education at Portsmouth School Department during their visit to DC
Talking with students from The White Mountain School in Bethlehem over Skype this week
Warm Regards,
Kelly Ayotte
United States Senator
Email Kelly
Manchester Office
1200 Elm Street, Suite 2
Manchester, NH 03101 Phone:
603-622-7979
Nashua Office
144 Main Street
Nashua, NH 03060 Phone:
603-880-3335
North Country Office 19 Pleasant Street, Suite 13B
Berlin, NH 03570 Phone:
603-752-7702 Fax:
603-752-7704
Portsmouth Office
14 Manchester Square, Ste 140
Portsmouth, NH 03801 Phone:
603-436-7161
Washington, DC
144 Russell Senate Office Building
Washington, DC 20510
Phone:
202-224-3324
Email Kelly
|
ayotte.senate.gov
|
Unsubscribe
