 Mail
begin
If you are having trouble
viewing this message or would like to share it on a social network, you
can
view the message
online .
HOME
CONTACT US
CONSTITUENT
SERVICES
ISSUES AND LEGISLATION
March 15, 2015
Continuing to Fight against the Presidents Executive
Overreach:
Earlier this year the House did its job and
voted to fund DHS without allowing the President to move forward with
his unlawful, executive overreach. The House gave the Senate five weeks
to act, but unfortunately the fight was never won in the Senate. A
minority of Senate Democrats were able to successfully block even
starting debate on our bill. Despite the numerous tools available in the
Senate, when the rubber met the road last week, not one Senator mounted a
sustained attempt to block the bill the House voted on this
week.
I do not support a bill that funds the
Presidents blatant executive overreach , which is why I rejected the
Senate bill when it was brought before the House. While I am optimistic
that the current Federal court action that has blocked the Presidents
action will hold, I will continue to explore other avenues and will
not give up the fight to preserve, protect, and defend the U.S.
Constitution and ensure that our immigration laws are enforced.
Lets
Restore Access to Over-the-Counter
Medication:
For many years, folks in Kansas and around the country have used Health
Savings Accounts and Flexible Spending Accounts to help save and pay
for over-the-counter medications. Unfortunately, the Presidents
healthcare law adds a burdensome layer of red tape that makes use of these
accounts more expensive for consumers and fills doctors offices with
needless visits.
This
week I introduced
the Restoring Access to Medication Act , along with Congressman Ron
Kind(D-WI), to fix this issue so that individuals can more affordably
manage their own over-the counter healthcare expenses. Repealing this
unwanted provision of the Presidents healthcare law will empower
people to look after their own finances, budget according to their specific
needs, and remain healthy.
Standing with Israel
against Global Terror:
This week I met
and heard from Prime Minister Netanyahu
about Israels unique
perspective on the growing threat of Iran. The Prime Ministers words are
incredibly timely and must be taken seriously - a nuclear Iran would
be a threat to global peace and a risk to the safety of Americans here
and abroad.
I stand with Israel and the American people
stand with Israel. Support for Israel has never been, nor should it ever
be, a partisan issue. I urge President Obama to bear in mind the
words of Prime Minister Netanyahu, along with the will of the American
people, as he continues to negotiate with the Iranian regime.
Ensuring Primary Care for Those Who Need it
Most:
Increasing patient access is essential to helping hospice
patients receive the care they need. Thats why Congressman Mike Thompson
(D-CA) and I introduced the Medicare Patient Access to Hospice Act. The
antiquated regulations of Medicare prevent Physician Assistants, who
are often the only primary health care providers in more rural areas
from looking after terminally ill patients
even when there are no
alternative options.
The Medicare Patient Access to Hospice
Act enables physician assistants to be recognized as physicians in
certain cases so they can provide care to those people in their time of
greatest need. For years, the number of primary care physicians has been
declining in more remote areas and this bill would help combat the
problem so that some of the most vulnerable Americans get the health care
the deserve.
Announcing the House Hunger
Caucus:
More than eight hundred million people around the
world do not have enough food to lead a healthy life. One in six
Americans suffer from hunger. It should be unimaginable that folks in
Kansas, the United States or around the world still lack for
food.
That is why
this week I helped re-launch the House
Hunger Caucus
with Congressman Jim McGovern (D-MA). The Hunger
Caucus is a bipartisan group of Members working to help stimulate ideas
and foster solutions in the fight against hunger in America and around
the world.
Hunger doesnt discriminate. This isnt just an
urban problem, or a rural problem. This is a problem that spans
generations from children to senior citizens. We need to do more and we can
do more. I'm proud to join with Congressman McGovern to re-establish
the conversation and together help find sensible, bipartisan solutions
to combat hunger.
King v. Burwell:
In
2012, I
questioned then HHS Secretary Kathleen
Sebelius regarding
the legality of theFederal subsidies that were not
authorized in
Affordable Care Act (ACA) and Secretary
Sebelius claimed she would
.get you that answer in writing. .
Ill be sending that back right away.
It is now three years later
and I never received an answer, and now the Supreme Court has begun
this week to hear oral arguments on this exact issue.
I
raised these issuesto Secretary Sebelius before the law even went online,
and if they were taken seriously, could have saved millions of
Americans from having to deal with this burdensome healthcare law. It is clear
the Obama Administration has gone beyond the law to bolster their
flawed plan.
The Presidents healthcare law was crafted
hastily, without attention to detail, and was forced into law by a partisan
majority.
It is up to the Supreme Court to tell the IRS to
enforce the law as it was written and not as what the Obama Administration
is selling to the American people.
Watch my exchange with
Secretary Sebelius in 2012
here .
Preserving Kansan
Culture:
It was an honor this week to present the Preservations Best Award
to Tom Larkin. Through Toms hard work redeveloping the cider vinegar
factory into a multi-use facility, high-end art gallery, and event
facility we were able to preserve the heritage of Lawrence, and bring
new people to enjoy our city.
Open Office
Hours:
Next Friday, March 13 th , 2015 at 10:00
am, I will be hosting open office hours at my Topeka office (3550 SW
5 th
St, Topeka, KS 66606). If you would like to schedule a
time then please contact my office at (202) 225-6601. This is an
opportunity to hear directly from you about the issues you care most
about!
Washington, DC Office
1526 Longworth HOB
Washington, D.C. 20515
Phone: (202)
225-6601
Fax: (202) 225-7986
Pittsburg Office
1001
N. Broadway Street #C
Pittsburg, KS
66762
Phone: (620) 231-LYNN
(5966)
Fax: (620) 231-5972
Topeka Office
3550 SW 5th Street
Topeka, KS
66606
Phone: (785) 234-LYNN
(5966)
Fax: (785) 234-5967
Independence
Office
120 N. 6th Street
Independence, KS 67301
Phone: (620) 231-LYNN (5966)
Fax: (620) 231-5972
Unsubscribe
|
Update My
Profile
|
Privacy Policy
