
Official Site
Constituent Services
News
Contact
U.S. Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell&rsquo;s eNewsletter - - Week of March 3, 2015
Senator McConnell Welcomes Israeli Prime Minister Netanyahu to the U.S. Capitol
On Tuesday, U.S. Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell released a video welcoming Benjamin Netanyahu to the U.S. Capitol where the
Israeli Prime Minister addressed a Joint Meeting of Congress
and spoke about the threat Iran&rsquo;s nuclear capability poses to Israel, America, and the world.
Click the image below to view the Senator welcoming the Prime Minister to the U.S. Capitol.
Speaking on the Senate Floor later , Senator McConnell added, &ldquo;Members of both parties extend a warm welcome to him. This leader is a great friend of our country, and his visit comes at a critical moment in the relations between our countries.&rdquo;
Following the Prime Minister&rsquo;s speech to Congress, Senator McConnell was honored to meet with him in his office in the U.S. Capitol.
U.S. Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell and Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu in the United States Capitol.
McConnell: States Should Reject Obama Mandate of Anti-Coal Regulations
In Kentucky, the regulation would likely shrink our economy by almost $2 billion and throw countless people out of work.
This week, Senator McConnell penned an opinion piece for the
Lexington Herald-Leader , regarding the Obama Administration&rsquo;s anti-coal regulations that would mandate states to shut down more of America's power generation under the guise of protecting the climate.
Senator McConnell wrote:
In reality, this proposed regulation would have a negligible effect on global climate but a profoundly negative impact on countless American families already struggling. The regulation is unfair&hellip;And state officials can do something about it; in fact, many are already fighting back.
&hellip;The commonwealth's coal industry alone has already shed thousands of coal jobs during this administration's tenure. And now, many more of the thousands of Kentuckians whose jobs are tied to coal &mdash; including many proud miners who just want to give their children a better life &mdash; are likely to lose their jobs, too.
Click the image below to read the Senator&rsquo;s full op-ed.
Welcome to Washington, D.C.
On Monday, Senator McConnell welcomed to his staff, Daniel Cameron of Elizabethtown, Kentucky, to serve as his legal counsel in Washington, D.C. Cameron is a graduate of the University of Louisville&rsquo;s Louis D. Brandeis School of Law. Click
HERE
to read more from UofL.
Senator McConnell and Daniel Cameron of Elizabethtown.
On Tuesday, Senator McConnell addressed the American Israel Public Affairs Committee (AIPAC) Policy Conference where thousands of participants gathered from all 50 states.
Click the images below to view the Senator at AIPAC&rsquo;s Policy Conference.
Also on Tuesday, Nancy Cox, the Dean of the University of Kentucky College of Agriculture, Food and Environment and Drew Graham, the Senior Assistant Dean, visited with Senator McConnell to discuss Kentucky agriculture and education.
L-R: Assistant Dean Graham, Dean Cox, and Senator McConnell
On Wednesday, Senator Mitch McConnell enjoyed meeting with Veterans of Foreign Wars (VFW) and Martha Cassity, the first female Veteran State Commander of the Kentucky VFW.
Also on Wednesday, Senator McConnell welcomed to his office leaders of the &lrm;Kentucky School Nutrition Association. The group consisted of Kentuckians from Graves, Hardin, and Madison Counties.
This week, Senator McConnell welcomed Christian music artist Michael W. Smith to his office in the U.S. Capitol. They were joined by Jim Mallory, Executive Director of Rocketown, an afterschool program in Nashville, Tennessee.
L-R: Michael W. Smith, Senator McConnell, Jim Mallory
Visiting our Nation's Capital
If you&rsquo;re planning a trip to Washington, D.C., please check out Senator McConnell's
website
and visit his office while you are in town. Every week, Senator McConnell welcomes to his office in the U.S. Capitol many Kentuckians from across the Commonwealth to discuss issues of importance to Kentucky. Also, the Senator&rsquo;s office has information on tours, places to visit and local restaurants to help make your trip to the nation&rsquo;s capital one to remember.
In the Media
On Tuesday, Senator McConnell and GOP Senators hosted a media stakeout in the U.S. Capitol and spoke about their support for Israel and how Congress must be involved in reviewing and voting on an agreement reached between the Administration and Iran.
Click the image below to watch Senator McConnell speak during the media stakeout.
This week, FOX19 News in northern Kentucky/Cincinnati aired a couple of news segments from reporter Tricia Macke&rsquo;s January visit with Senator McConnell in Washington, D.C.
Click the image below to view FOX19&rsquo;s &ldquo;Another Side of Majority Leader Mitch McConnell&rdquo;
Click the image below to view FOX19&rsquo;s &ldquo;19 Questions with Majority Leader Mitch McConnell,&rdquo; as Senator McConnell attempts to answer Macke&rsquo;s 19 questions in under a minute.
Coming Up&hellip;
U.S. Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell will appear on CBS&rsquo;s &ldquo;Face the Nation&rdquo; on Sunday, March 8th. Check your local listings for broadcast times in your area.
Keeping Up With Senator McConnell
Keep up with the latest news and alerts from our nation&rsquo;s capital as well as updates on things happening in Kentucky by becoming a fan of Senator McConnell&rsquo;s
Facebook
page, and get the latest news from Senator McConnell&rsquo;s Press Office on Twitter at
@McConnellPress
and on Instagram at
@McConnellPress .
For a more behind-the-scenes view of the Senate Majority Leader's office, be sure to follow
@SenateMajLdr
on Twitter and
@SenateMajLdr
on Instagram.
Get this newsletter delivered to your inbox by signing up
HERE
Official Site
|
Privacy Policy
|
Unsubscribe
