
Wow. It&rsquo;s only March, and this year is already wild. It started with Republicans using their first month in control of both the House and Senate
David -- Wow. It&rsquo;s only March, and this year is already wild.
It started with Republicans using their first month in control of both the House and Senate to mount attacks on Social Security, Obamacare, and women&rsquo;s rights. Then, in what can only be described as a train wreck, extreme Republicans threatened to shut down the Department of Homeland Security just because they disagree with President Obama&rsquo;s executive actions on immigration.
The good news? They backed down -- and it&rsquo;s due in no small part to Democrats like you
who signed petitions, contributed money, and made it clear that the GOP would be held accountable for putting our national security at risk.
Thank you.
This episode makes it even clearer why we must win back the Senate.
Republicans have shown us that they are simply incapable of governing effectively -- or at all. (Some of them even agree! See &ldquo;Yup, He Said It&rdquo; below.)
But that doesn&rsquo;t mean they&rsquo;re chastened. This week, right-wing activists are attacking the Affordable Care Act from yet another angle -- and the case is in front of the Supreme Court. I hope you&rsquo;ll check out &ldquo;Dispatch from the Supreme Court&rdquo; below and sign our petition in the Action Center.
Thanks for reading! And thanks, again, for being a committed Democrat.
All my best,
Tom Lopach
DSCC Executive Director
Commemorating Selma
Today, we join Americans across the country in remembering the 50th anniversary of the first march from Selma to Montgomery to advocate for the full voting rights of African Americans. The events of that day -- remembered now as &ldquo;Bloody Sunday&rdquo; -- were a seminal moment in the American Civil Rights movement and helped advance the Voting Rights Act.
We will never forget the sacrifice of those who fought so hard to achieve the equality long denied them, and we will never stop fighting to ensure that equality -- including an unfettered right to vote -- becomes a reality for all Americans.
Dispatch from the Supreme Court: King v. Burwell
Background:
Conservatives haven&rsquo;t let up on trying to destroy the Affordable Care Act (&ldquo;Obamacare&rdquo;) since its passage five years ago -- remember those 56 repeal votes in Congress? But
King v. Burwell
marks what could be the law&rsquo;s gravest challenge yet -- and what the Supreme Court decides will affect millions of people.
The case:
The right-wing activists who filed
King v. Burwell
are calling for the literal interpretation of just four words out of the 906-page law: &ldquo;established by the state.&rdquo; They argue that if a state didn&rsquo;t set up its own health care exchange under the Affordable Care Act and instead ceded that responsibility to the federal government (as many did), the tax credits available to help people obtain health insurance in that state are invalid.
Without tax credits, most people who bought health insurance under Obamacare would no longer be able to afford it.
The stakes:
If the Supreme Court sides with the conservative plaintiffs,
9.6 million people in 37 states could lose their health insurance.
And with the loss of that many participants, the entire health care exchange system -- that is, the entire law -- would face a very uncertain future, likely resulting in drastically increased premiums for those who keep their coverage.
We hope the Court recognizes that
King v. Burwell
is, in the words of the
New York Times , &ldquo;baloney&rdquo; and a &ldquo;baseless attack on one of the most important pieces of social legislation of the last generation.&rdquo;
It would be a travesty if nearly 10 million people lost their health insurance just because the right wing can&rsquo;t get over the passage of the Affordable Care Act.
Action Center
Now that you know the stakes, sign our petition.
Tell the Supreme Court: Don&rsquo;t destroy Obamacare and kick millions of people off of their health insurance. &gt;&gt;
Yup, He Said It
&ldquo;[Republicans] have been at this for two months now, and we are already hung up in terms of not being able to govern.&rdquo;
-- GOP Senator Dan Coats (Indiana), who is up for reelection this year, on making the decision whether to run again.
GOP Presidential Merry-Go-Round!
Does the Academy give out an award for Most Appalling Actions In Just The Last Two Weeks? Because Republican Governor of Wisconsin Scott Walker is a shoo-in:
He couldn&rsquo;t answer basic questions from reporters!
&ldquo;Do you believe in evolution?&rdquo;
&ldquo;Do you agree with Rudy Giuliani that President Obama doesn&rsquo;t love America?&rdquo;
He&rsquo;s trying to ruin Wisconsin!
To top off four years of his disastrous economic policies, he announced that he&#39;ll sign an anti-worker, corporate-backed &ldquo;Right to Work&rdquo; bill.
He told an anti-choice group that he favors MORE limits on abortion rights.
And finally, the pi&egrave;ce de resistance:
Walker compared Wisconsin workers and families who were peacefully protesting &ldquo;Right to Work&rdquo; to... terrorist group ISIS!
That&rsquo;s right -- in answering a question about ISIS at a conservative conference, he said:
&ldquo;I want a commander-in-chief who will do everything in their power to ensure that the threat from radical Islamic terrorists [does] not wash up on American soil... We need a leader with that kind of confidence.
If I can take on 100,000 protesters, I can do the same across the world.&rdquo;
We have no words.
Spotlight on... Senator Patty Murray (Washington)
Senator Murray&rsquo;s upbringing in small-town Washington State instilled in her the belief that government should be there to help people when they need it. When her father, a World War II veteran, became disabled and couldn&rsquo;t work, her family was able to rely temporarily on food stamps to make ends meet and on student loans so the seven children could achieve higher education and join the workforce. That&rsquo;s the American promise Senator Murray still fights for today.
Her first foray into politics was as an advocate fighting to save a local preschool program from budget cuts. She moved up to the school board and the state legislature and entered the Senate in 1992, the so-called &ldquo;Year of the Woman&rdquo; that saw a tripling in the number of women Senators (to six -- of whom five were Democrats).
Senator Murray is currently the ranking Democrat on the Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions Committee and a senior member of the Democratic leadership. Her hallmark issues include education, health care, women&rsquo;s issues, veterans&rsquo; issues, and transportation. She is known for standing up for working families, her can-do attitude, and her willingness to work across the aisle.
She is running for reelection in 2016.
Thanks for reading!
Democratic Senatorial Campaign Committee
P.O. Box 96047
Washington, DC 20090
Paid for by the Democratic Senatorial Campaign Committee, dscc.org,
and not authorized by any candidate or candidate&#39;s committee.
The DSCC is the only organization solely dedicated to supporting Democrats in the U.S. Senate. This message was sent to dj724530@gmail.com because you are a part of the DSCC&rsquo;s grassroots network. Please add us to your address book or approved senders list to make sure you keep receiving DSCC updates.
Emails are a critical way for us to stay in touch with our grassroots supporters. 99% of the DSCC&rsquo;s contributions come from grassroots donors giving less than $200. We also strive to keep you updated on issues related to the Democratic Party&rsquo;s values.
If you&rsquo;d like to stop receiving emails related to this campaign, please
click here .
If you&#39;d like to make a contribution to support us, please
click here . We are already beginning to prepare for the fight ahead &ndash; reclaiming the majority in 2016. It will take every single grassroots supporter, but we know it&rsquo;s possible with your help. If you&rsquo;d like to stop receiving all emails from the DSCC, please
unsubscribe . We greatly appreciate your continued support.
Contributions or gifts to the DSCC are not tax deductible.
