
If you are having trouble viewing this message or would like
to share it on a social network, you can
view the message online .
About
Contact
Services
Media
Center
Legislation
Issues
Resources
March 03, 2015
NETANYAHUS COURAGEOUS WARNING MUST NOT GO UNHEEDED
Today,
Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu clearly articulated the fallacy of
a nation dedicated to life, liberty, and the pursuit of happiness
working to appease a nation dedicated to death, destruction, and
annihilation.
Representing a nation which has been the target of
thousands of Iranian-backed rockets, Prime Minister Netanyahu is uniquely
qualified to warn Congress against a bad deal with Iran.
Congressman Pittenger shaking hands
with Prime Minister Netanyahu on the House
Floor.
Despite the political distractions
and media hype, Prime Minister Netanyahus speech was focused on three
very common sense goals that every American, and anyone
dedicated to peace, should support:
Stop Irans
aggression against its neighbors
Stop Irans support of
global jihadist terrorism
Stop Irans anti-Semitic
efforts to annihilate Israel.
Like Winston Churchill
before him, Prime Minister Netanyahus message is not politically
popular.
Let us work together to keep his courageous warning from going
unheeded.
My staff and
I stand ready to assist you with any issues involving federal
agencies, including Social Security, Medicare, passports, Veterans issues, and
more.
If we may ever be of service, please dont hesitate to
call or stop by my offices in Charlotte, Mooresville, or Union
County.
CNN INTERVIEW ON NETANYAHU'S SPEECH
As
Prime Minister Netanyahu prepared to address a Joint Session of
Congress, I joined CNN to discuss the importance of listening to Mr.
Netanyahu's warnings about the threat of a nuclear Iran and ignoring the
unnecessary media hype and political distractions.
Click here to watch the full
interview.
U.S. HOUSE
RESOLUTION ON PASTOR SAEED
ABEDINI
Last month,
Congressman Pittenger introduced a bipartisan House resolution
calling on the Government of Iran "to immediately release Saeed Abedini and
all other individuals detained on account of their religious
beliefs."
Click here to read the full resolution.
Tell a Friend
E-mail:
Share on Facebook Share on Twitter
Israel: A strategic
beachhead for the United States in the Middle East
As Chairman of the
Congressional Task Force on Terrorism and Unconventional Warfare,
Congressman Pittenger authored an Op-Ed on the dangers of a nuclear Iran
that was published by The Hill on March 3rd.
Click here to see the full article or read
below.
Since 1948, America's security has been enhanced by our ally and
friend Israel.
Israel has been on the forefront in the battle
against Islamic terrorists and rogue nations along all of its
borders, including Hezbollah and Hamas, who are supported by Iran, and
al-Qaeda and other jihadists, all of whom have their eyes fixed on the
"great Satan" America. Under continuous perilous threat, Israel remains a
strong, stable, and unconditional ally to
America.
Beginning with Ayatollah Khomeini and the
overthrow of the Shah of Iran in 1979, Iran has been a leading sponsor of
Islamic terrorism throughout the Middle East and the largest state
sponsor of terrorism in the world, funding surrogates in Lebanon, Syria,
Iraq, Turkey, and Yemen. Iran continues to undermine strategic American
allies in the region including Bahrain, Kuwait, Jordan, and Saudi
Arabia, while maintaining their support of the Assad regime in Syria.
Iran's goal is to have hegemony in the region solidifying its base to
destroy Israel, the United States, and the Western world. Closer to home,
Iran collaborates with hostile nations like Venezuela, Cuba, and
Argentina, seeking to expand their influence to undermine the United
States.
The Obama Administration has stabilized Irans economy
from recession, infusing it with $12B of repatriated oil revenues by June
30, 2015,
thus removing significant leverage and strengthening
their hand in the negotiations.
These concessions have had an
inverse affect.
Congress should enact deadline-triggered
sanctions.
Any successful negotiation occurs when the
opposing party is under stress.
The current policy and misguided
strategy has changed the narrative from Can Iran have nuclear
reserves? to How large of nuclear reserves may they have?
Annually, Iran
celebrates November 4 as "death to America day," commemorating the
1979 seizure of the US Embassy and featuring the burning of the American
flag.
The tactical and strategic efforts of Iran and
terrorist organizations are no surprise to Israel, or Americas other Middle
East allies. In separate meetings with the Crown Prince in the UAE,
Emir in Qatar, and President el-Sisi in Egypt, each conveyed to me their
frustration with the lack of leadership by the United States to
confront Islamic terrorists and their concerns over an Iran with nuclear
weapons and missile delivery systems.
As a democratic ally,
Israel has been a strategic beachhead for the United States in the Middle
East.
In essence, Israel is an aircraft carrier for the U.S.,
which doesn't require a single American boot on board.
Israel has
assisted in training US special ops forces before going to Iraq and
Afghanistan, provided tactical advice, and shared its armored-plating
technology to help save the lives of US soldiers. They provide America
more intelligence than all NATO countries combined, further helping to
protect our men and women in foreign combat and our families here at
home from sleeper cells in the United States.
Israel has also played a
strategic role in combatting terrorism in the region and restricting
terrorist capacities to threaten the United States. While America
delayed and withheld military assistance for Egypt to fight Islamic
terrorists in the Sinai, Israel remained an important ally to Egypt with
equipment support.
Consider the following: Iran has worked with North
Korea in the development of intercontinental ballistic missiles. Their
missile program is not included in the P5+1 negotiation.
Also,
according to Ambassador Joseph Macmanus, whom I met with in Vienna, the
IAEA is restricted to inspecting only the 17 declared nuclear
facilities. Do we really have intel to cover activity throughout the rest of
the country?
As I met last week with young Israeli military officers
at the Golan Heights, Gaza border, an Iron Dome missile defense site,
and with two young special ops and intel officers at their family
Shabbat dinner, I was impressed by these soldiers who understand evil and
are standing courageously for all of us.
In my meeting with
Prime Minister Netanyahu, the third time in 18 months, his burden and
concern was even more grave as he spoke with clarity regarding the
adversary we are facing today.
America should weigh the concerns of Prime
Minister Netanyahu with the historical perspective of the emergence of
and the cancerous metastasis of Islamic terrorism in the Middle East,
often fueled by Iran.
We read in I Corinthians 14:8 If the trumpet
sound be not clear, who will follow? In contrast to our own
leadership, thank God for Prime Minister Netanyahu who recognizes the
foreboding evil, and like Churchill, awakens the world to understand our
common threat.
This Op-Ed was originally published
by The Hill on March 3rd. Click here to
read.
Charlotte
Office
2701 Coltsgate Rd., Suite 105
Charlotte, NC
28211
Phone: (704) 3621060
Hours: 8:30-5:30 PM (M-F)
Mooresville
Office
116 Morlake Dr, Suite 101A
Mooresville,NC
28117
Phone: (704) 6968188
Hours: 8:30-5:30 PM
(M-F)
Please call ahead to ensure staff availability
Washington D.C.
Office
224 Cannon HOB
Washington, DC 20515
Phone:
(202) 2251976
Hours: 8:30-5:30 PM (M-F)
Unsubscribe
|
Update My Profile
|
Privacy Policy
gateway mail end
