
If you are having
trouble viewing this message or would like to share it on a social
network, you can
view the
message online .
HOME
ABOUT ME
CONTACT ME
SERVING YOU
MEDIA CENTER
OUR DISTRICT
RESOURCES
February 16, 2015
Keystone Authorization Legislation Goes to
President's Desk
Click here to watch "It's TIme to Sign"
on Youtube.
Last week, the House of
Representatives passed
S 1 - the Keystone
XL Pipeline Approval Act , sending it to the Presidents
desk for signature. Americans have clearly spoken on this issue, and
Congress is united
its time to build. I hope that President Obama
will put down the veto pen, work with us, and sign this bill into law so
thousands of Americans will have new opportunities for a job and our
country can take one more step towards energy independence.
President Deilvers Draft AUMF Language to
Congress
Click here to read the
Wall Street Journal's
coverage of President Obama's draft AUMF
language.
For over a year, Members of Congress across the political spectrum
have been calling for the President to present a strategy and request
authorization for our military campaign against the Islamic State in
Iraq and the Levant, or ISIL. I have been one of them. That is why I
commend him for submitting draft language yesterday for an authorization
for use of military force (AUMF) against
ISIL.
This is a barbaric terrorist organization. One that
has already murdered several American citizens, as well as countless
other innocent men, women, and children across a vast amount of territory
they now control in the Middle East. They show no regard for the
value of human life, see our ideals as a threat, and declare the United
States as their primary
enemy.
While the President has put forth his strategy, it is now up to Congress
the branch of government in which the power to declare war is
vested under Article I of the Constitution
to determine whether that
strategy meets the demands of our goal of defeating ISIL. We must be
deliberate and decisive, but ensure that the mission has a clear
definition. We must give our commanders the flexibility they need to succeed in
their objectives, but establish guidelines to ensure we do not enter
into another protracted engagement without a foreseeable
conclusion.
I look forward to what I am sure will
be a rigorous debate and I am humbled by the trust you have placed in
me as your representative in Congress.
House Honors Civil Rights
Pioneers
Congressman Yoder and guests from Kansas City, Kansas with Congressman John
Lewis at the US Capitol.
Last Tuesday, I hosted my
friends, Kansas City Kansas Community College Trustee Mary Ann Flunder,
Trustee and Wyandotte County Sheriff Don Ash, and President and CEO of
Kansas Black Chamber of Commerce Christal Watson, at the US Capitol.
In the hallway, we met and visited with civil rights pioneer
Congressman John Lewis, one of the leaders of the Foot Soldiers who peacefully
marched on the Edmund Pettus Bridge in Selma, Alabama almost 50 years
ago.
On Wednesday, I was proud to join
my colleagues in honoring Congressman Lewis and his fellow Foot
Soldiers by voting to award them with a Congressional Gold Medal for their
bravery and determination during the Civil Rights
movement.
ICYMI:
Kansas City Star
Coverage of Email Privacy Act
Bill aims to block U.S. from reading peoples old email
without warrant
BY LINDSAY
WISE | THE STARS WASHINGTON CORRESPONDENT
WASHINGTON
- If youve been remiss in cleaning out your email inbox, heres some
incentive: The federal government can read any emails that are more
than six months old without a
warrant.
Little known to most Americans, ambiguous language in a communications
law passed in 1986 extends Fourth Amendment protections against
unreasonable search and seizure only to electronic communications sent or
received fewer than 180 days ago.
The
language, known as the 180-day rule, allows government officials to
treat any emails, text messages or documents stored on remote servers
popularly known as the cloud
as abandoned and therefore
accessible using administrative subpoena power, a tactic that critics say
circumvents due process.
As you rush to
purge your Gmail and Dropbox accounts, however, be forewarned that even
deleted files still could be fair game as long as copies exist on a
third-party server somewhere.
The
Electronic Communications Privacy Act of 1986 was written at a time when
most people did not have email accounts, said Republican Rep. Kevin
Yoder of Kansas, who is leading efforts in the House to update the
law.
The government is essentially using
an arcane loophole to breach the privacy rights of Americans, Yoder
said. They couldnt kick down your door and seize the documents on your
desk, but they could send a request to Google and ask for all the
documents that are in your Gmail account. And I dont think Americans
believe that the Constitution ends with the invention of the
Internet.
Click here to continue reading at the
Kansas City Star' s
website.
House Appropriations
Subcommittee on Agriculture Holds First Hearing
Congressman Yoder questioning CFTC Chairman
Massad.
Last week, the Agriculture Subcommittee
kicked off the new Congress with its first hearing. The topic was the
Commodities Futures Trading Commission's budget, and Chairman Timothy
Massad came to Capitol Hill to testify. During the hearing, I expressed my
frustration with the fact that in Washington, a "cut"
means
getting a smaller increase over your previous year's budget than what you
asked for. The CFTC has received a 123% increase in its budget since
the 2008 financial meltdown, more than almost any other federal agency,
yet claims its budget has been cut. Kansans are frustrated
because they know that a cut means a cut, getting less than what you had
the previous year. This was a perfect example of the frustrating uphill
battle that has existed in achieving real cuts to spending since I
came to Congress in 2011.
House Passes Bill to Encourage
Donations to Charity
In 2013 alone, Americans gave
$335.17 billion to charity. Over 95% of American households give to
various organizations each year. These numbers quantify how truly
generous our country can be even during tough economic times, when given the
opportunity. That is why the House voted to pass HR 644, the Fighting
Hunger Incentive Act, with my support. The bill makes various
amendments to the tax code to reward that spirit of giving, including making
the food-inventory donation provision permanent to benefit
organizations like Harvesters in Kansas City.
White House Event Celebrates Passage
of ABLE Act
Congressman
Yoder with National Down Syndrome Society President Sara Weir of
Olathe at the White House.
Often we focus on the
inability of Washington leaders to solve problems facing our country. Last
Tuesday, we took a moment to celebrate Democrats and Republicans working
together to stand up for young Americans with autism, Down syndrome,
and other developmental disabilities.
Vice President Joseph Biden giving
his remarks at the event.
I
joined a dozen other Members of Congress and Vice President Biden at
the White House for a special ceremony to honor the passage of the ABLE
Act which creates a new savings account for families of children with
disabilities. It will provide them with the tools to maintain greater
financial security and prepare their children for a future of
independent living.
Last week's event marks the culmination of
years of work by families and advocates in the disability community. Im
honored to help lead the charge and be a voice for these families as we
seek to provide opportunity for all.
House Passes
Bill to Provide Tax Relief to Small Business
On
Friday, the House of Representatives passed
HR 636 - America's Small Business Tax Relief
Act , which helps build America's economy from the ground up by
providing certainty to small businesses across the country. The bill
makes permanent the expensing allowance for depreciable business property
in Section 179 of the tax code. It is yet another sensible step taken
by the new Congress to add more certainty to the tax code while we
work toward a larger, more comprehensive overhaul of our
system.
Unfortunately, like the Keystone XL Pipeline authorization bill
and a number of other commonsense bills under consideration by the
House, President Obama has threatened to veto HR 636 if it were to come
to his desk for signature. I would encourage the President to change
his mind, sign this bill into law, and help provide certainty to small
businesses across America.
House Passes
Authorization for NASA
Last Tuesday, the House voted to
overwhelmingly affirm scientific discovery and space exploration as a
priority by passing
HR 810 - the
NASA Authorization Act . This legislation will give the
thousands of employees the support they need to continue pursuing
life-saving scientific research. I was proud to join my colleagues in
support of this bill, which reauthorizes the agency that has been at the
forefront of innovation since its inception in 1958.
Attention: Students, Parents, and Teachers
Click here to visit
www.yoder.house.gov to learn more about the 2015 Congressional Art
Competition.
REMINDER: The deadline to submit your
artwork for the 2015 Congressional Art Competition is 5:00 PM on April
24.
Happy
Valentine's Day
Special thanks for a great
Valentine's Day to my two valentines, Brooke and
Caroline.
Fact of the Week
It has been
six
years
since backers of the Keystone XL pipeline first submitted an
application to the U.S. State Department on September 19,
2008.
Happy President's Day
Originally created to celebrate George Washington's birthday on February 22,
we now take the third Monday of every February to celebrate all of
our United States Presidents. I particularly enjoy reflecting on the
life of our 34th President, Dwight D. Eisenhower.
As we
all know, President Eisenhower grew up in Abilene, Kansas where he was
instilled with our great Kansas values. He went on to become a
five-star general in the United States Army and eventually the Supreme
Commander of the Allied Forces during World War II. Following the war, and
his successful invasion of Germany in 1944-1945, he became the first
supreme commander of NATO in 1951.
Following a national
groundswell calling for his entrance into the 1952 presidential contest,
he won the Republican nomination and the election for US President
with 442 electoral votes. During his two terms, he oversaw great
economic expansion and ushered in the beginning of the Civil Rights movement
by desegregating the federal government and federalizing the Arkansas
National Guard to ensure the protection of the first African-American
students entering Little Rock Central High School following the
Brown v. Board of Education
decision. President Eisenhower was a
great man and a great Kansan.
Happy President's
Day.
Legislative Look Ahead
The House of
Representatives is not in session this week.
Weekly Legislative
Wrap Up
TUESDAY, FEBRUARY
10TH
H.R. 810
National Aeronautics
and Space Administration Authorization Act
PASSED BY VOICE
VOTE (YES)
H.R. 719
TSA Office of Inspection Accountability
Act
PASSED 414
0
(YES)
H.R. 720
Gerardo
Hernandez Airport Security Act
PASSED 411
1
(YES)
H.R. 710
Essential Transportation Worker Identification Credential
Assessment Act
PASSED BY VOICE VOTE
(YES)
WEDNESDAY, FEBRUARY
11TH
S. 1
Keystone XL Pipeline Approval Act
PASSED
270
152 (YES)
H.R. 431
"To award a Congressional
Gold Medal to the Foot Soldiers who participated in Bloody Sunday,
Turnaround Tuesday, or the final Selma to Montgomery Voting Rights March in
March of 1965, which served as a catalyst for the Voting Rights Act of
1965."
PASSED 420
0
(YES)
THURSDAY, FEBRUARY
12TH
H.R. 644
Fighting Hunger Incentive Act
PASSED 279
137
(YES)
FRIDAY, FEBRUARY
13TH
H.R. 636
America's
Small Business Tax Relief Act
PASSED 272
142
(YES)
Staff Community
Office Hours
My staff can assist you from 8:00 AM - 5:00 PM,
Monday through Friday in my Overland Park Office. They can help with
any issues or concerns, as well as to provide assistance with federal
agencies and programs, including Veterans' Affairs, Medicare, Social
Security, Passports, and Visas.
Also,
we periodically have Staff Community Office Hours throughout the
district. If you are unable to visit my office, please consider coming to
the following location if it is more convenient for
you:
11:30 AM - 1:00 PM on February
27
Olathe
Library
Indian Creek Branch
12990 S. Black
Bob Road
Olathe, Kansas
66062
12:00 PM - 1:00 PM on March
24
Kansas City,
Kansas Public Library
Main Branch
625 Minnesota
Avenue
Kansas City, Kansas
66101
3:30 PM - 5:00 PM on April
29
Blue Valley
Library
9000 W. 151st Street
Overland Park, Kansas
66221
Tell a Friend
E-mail:
E-mail:
E-mail:
Please click below to follow me on
Twitter, Facebook, Instagram and YouTube.
Washington, DC
215 Cannon HOB
Washington, DC
20515
Phone: (202) 225-2865
Hours: Monday-Friday
9:00AM -6:00PM EST
Overland Park
7325 W.
79th St.
Overland Park, KS 66204
Phone: (913) 621-0832
Fax:
(913) 621-1533
Hours: Monday-Friday
8:00AM -5:00PM CST
Unsubscribe
|
Update My Profile
|
Privacy Policy
