DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.0 Transitional//EN" "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml1/DTD/xhtml1-transitional.dtd"
Email Newsletter
Recently in Washington
Keystone Pipeline Moves to the President for Approval
House Passes Senate Bill, Project awaits Presidential Approval
Idaho Congressman Mike Simpson supported S.1, the Keystone XL Pipeline Act. The bill approves the Keystone XL Pipeline, putting an end to years of bureaucratic delays and allowing construction of the Keystone XL pipeline project.
The Keystone XL pipeline would transport crude oil from the oil sands region of Alberta, Canada, to refineries in the United States. Canadian pipeline company TransCanada has estimated that it will invest $7 billion in the United States to build the pipeline, and that up to 20,000 jobs would be directly created by the pipelines construction. The U.S. Department of Energy estimates that the Keystone XL pipeline would be able to move 830,000 barrels of oil per day, which represents about half of the amount the U.S. imports from the Middle East.
Moving forward with the Keystone XL pipeline will create jobs and reduce our dependence on unstable foreign sources of oil, said Simpson. Our country cannot afford to play political games with our energy security, the Keystone pipeline needs to be built.
Because the pipeline would connect the United States with a foreign country, it requires a Presidential Permit issued by the State Department. The State Department must find that the project would serve the national interest before it can issue the permit.
This project has broad bipartisan support in both the House and the Senate, and it has been reviewed and studied for over six years and found to be environmentally safe, Simpson said.
I hope the President approves this bill, because the economic and energy security implications for this country are too important to delay any longer.
The House passed S. 1 by a vote of 270-152. It will now go to the President where he could sign the bill into law but will most likely VETO the legislation.
Committee Schedule
Wednesday
At 10:00 a.m., the House Labor, Health and Human Services, Education Subcommittee on Appropriations will hold a hearing with Health and Human Services Secretary Sylvia Mathews Burwell.
At 1:00 p.m., the Interior and Environment Subcommittee on Appropriations will hold a hearing with Interior Secretary Sally Jewell.
Thursday
At 9:30 a.m., Chairman Simpson will host a House Energy and Water Development Appropriations Subcommittee hearing with Energy Secretary Dr. Ernest Moniz.
At 10:00 a.m., the House Labor, Health and Human Services, Education Subcommittee on Appropriations will hold a hearing titled Budgeting for Aging and Disability Programs with Social Security Administration Acting Commissioner Carolyn Colvin and Administration for Community Living Administrator Kathy Greenlee.
At 1:00 p.m., the Interior and Environment Subcommittee on Appropriations will hold a hearing with Environmental Protection Agency Administrator Gina McCarthy.
Friday
At 9:30 a.m., the Interior and Environment Subcommittee on Appropriations will hold a hearing regarding the Bureau of Indian Affairs and Bureau of Indian Education with Assistant Secretary Kevin Washburn.
Floor Schedule
MONDAY, FEBRUARY 23RD
On Monday, the House is not in session.
TUESDAY, FEBRUARY 24TH
On Tuesday, the House will meet at 12:00 p.m. for morning hour and 2:00 p.m. for legislative business. Votes will be postponed until 6:30 p.m.
Legislation Considered Under Suspension of the Rules:
1)
H.R. 212
- Drinking Water Protection Act, as amended
(Sponsored by Rep. Bob Latta / Energy and Commerce Committee)
2)
H.R. 734
- Federal Communications Commission Consolidated Reporting Act of 2015
(Sponsored by Rep. Steve Scalise / Energy and Commerce Committee)
3)
H.R. 1020
- STEM Education Act of 2015
(Sponsored by Rep. Lamar Smith / Science, Space, and Technology Committee)
WEDNESDAY, FEBRUARY 25TH AND THE BALANCE OF THE WEEK
On Wednesday and Thursday, the House will meet at 10:00 a.m. for morning hour and 12:00 p.m. for legislative business.
On Friday, the House will meet at 9:00 a.m. for legislative business. Last votes expected no later than 3:00 p.m.
Legislation Considered Under Suspension of the Rules:
1)
S. 227
- Strengthening Education through Research Act
(Sponsored by Sen. Lamar Alexander / Education and the Workforce Committee)
H.R. 529
- To amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to improve 529 plans (Subject to a Rule)
(Sponsored by Rep. Lynn Jenkins / Ways and Means Committee)
H.R. 5
- Student Success Act, Rules Committee Print (Subject to a Rule)
(Sponsored by Rep. John Kline / Education and the Workforce Committee)
Possible Consideration of H.R. 240 - Department of Homeland Security Appropriations Act, 2015
In the News
Idaho leaders urge Air Force to keep jets in Boise
By Andrea Lutz, KTVB, February 19, 2015
BOISE -- The secretary of the Air Force is wrapping up a two-day visit to Boise after hearing from Idaho leaders who say keeping a strong mission at Gowen Field is a smart move for the nation's military.
Congress passed a measure last year that would start phasing out the A-10 Thunderbolt Fighter Jet as early as 2016.
City, state and congressional leaders stood in unison today vowing to fight for another flying mission to take the place of the A-10 program.
"We are hopeful that the future of Gowen is a bright one," said Boise Mayor Dave Bieter.
Bieter, Gov. Butch Otter and Idaho's leaders in Washington met this week with Air Force Secretary Deborah James.
Their mission - to show her all that Gowen Field and Mountain Home have to offer the U.S Air Force.
"We also made it clear to the secretary how committed we are to making sure that we remain competitive and strong for future missions," said U.S. Sen. Mike Crapo.
They want the Air Force to consider Gowen Field when the newest fleet of fighter jets, the F-35s are phased in, and the retiring A-10s are phased out.
"It's a timeline that we don't agree with as a delegation and that we want to see adjusted," said Crapo.
Idaho Rep. Mike Simpson is a longtime member of the House appropriations committee. He has lead the charge on this issue.
Simpson talks about it this Sunday on Viewpoint. In our interview, he says it all comes down to how spending cuts in the Department of Defense are managed.
"If we can fix sequestration and get the resources into the Air Force that are necessary we might be able to put off retiring the A-10 for a few years ,but eventually it's going to go away," said Simpson.
The congressional delegation is showcasing what it touts as state-of-the-art facilities, infrastructure and assets at Gowen Field.
Their motivation? Gowen's economic impact to Boise and Idaho amount to around $200 million a year.
So, Idaho leaders plan to be loud with their intentions to keep a flying mission at Gowen Field.
"We continue to stress the fact that this is the softest landing that they can find for the military and for the Air Force right here at Gowen Field," said Gov. Otter.
"And I think that is the open question is where the A-10 is going to go in the short run, and the order and timing of the deployment of the F-35," said Bieter.
The business community is also extremely supportive of Gowen Field.
The chamber of commerce also met with the Air Force secretary.
Business leaders introduced a campaign called "Gowen Strong" to keep this issue in front of Idaho's delegation and make sure a flying mission stays here at Gowen Field.
Contact Mike
Issues
Other News
MEDIA CENTER
Abraham Lincoln Turns 206
If you are having trouble reading this message, try viewing the
web version
BIOGRAPHY
|
NEWS CENTER
|
ISSUES
|
SERVICES FOR YOU
|
2ND DISTRICT
|
CONTACT
Click Here Click Here