
Rick's Weekly Report
To Sign up click
here
Friend,
I spent last week visiting schools in Georgia's 12th district and holding Education Summits to hear feedback from parents, teachers and local education leaders. One message I heard consistently is that the federal government's interference in the classroom is hurting educators' ability to teach. No one understands the needs of students better than the people who spend time with them every day - parents, teachers and administrators.
That's why I'm working to strengthen our education system by restoring
local
control.
Rep. Rick Allen visits Dublin schools and holds an Education Summit with parents, teachers and faculty in Laurens County.
As a member of the House Education and Workforce Committee, I recently worked with my colleagues to advance the Student Success Act, legislation to reduce federal education bureaucracy and give authority back to parents and state and local education leaders who know their children best. I spoke more about the legislation with WJBF during my visit to schools in Richmond County.
Click here
to see the story.
Rep. Rick Allen tours the Academy of Richmond County and speaks with students in the classroom.
I also had the opportunity to visit Georgia Regents University last week. I was able to learn more about the university's growing cyber education program and visit Georgia Regents Medical Center to hear about its efforts to address challenges in rural health care. You can read more about my visit
HERE , and
visit my Flickr page
to see photos.
Rep. Rick Allen speaks with faculty at Georgia Regents University.
This week, the House will be considering the Student Success Act and legislation to expand college savings accounts. I look forward to bringing the input I received last week in the district to the debate and advancing solutions that strengthen our schools and promote more education opportunities for all Americans.
Sincerely,
Rick Allen
Member of Congress
WEBSITE
|
UNSUBSCRIBE
|
CONTACT
Click Here Click Here