
Defunding Amnesty
Last Tuesday, I voted to
protect the rule of law and defend our constitution
by voting against a clean Department of Homeland Security funding bill. While the House passed this bill by a vote of
257-167 , I stood strong alongside 166 other Republicans, who like me, believe the President has
overstepped his constitutional authority on immigration.
The House,
with my support passed a bill defunding the Presidents unconstitutional amnesty
plan while funding the rest of the Department of Homeland Security on January 19, 2015. Senate rules however, allowed obstructionist Democrats
to repeatedly block debate on the House bill . Even worse, seven of the Democrats who held up debate publicly spoke out against the constitutionality of the Presidents actions back in November.
The fight on the Presidents executive action is far from over.
The House is currently looking into other options to challenge the lawfulness of the President's executive action, and with the states and the judicial branch taking up this matter, I
am hopeful that
the Presidents abuse of power will be put in check.
Houston Transportation Round Table at Rice Planned for Tuesday Morning at 9:00am
I will be joining U.S. Rep. Bill Shuster (R-PA), the Chairman of the U.S. House Transportation and Infrastructure Committee, and other Members of Congress from Texas at a 9:00am for roundtable meeting at Rice Universitys BioScience Research Collaborative Building (BRC) 10th Floor Conference Room (Room 1003) in Houston Tuesday, March 10 th , with job creators and transportation stakeholders to discuss Houstons, Texas, and the countrys infrastructure, and its importance to remaining economically competitive in the 21 st
century.
The roundtable will examine such issues as the national freight network and the areas role in that network; the federal role in ensuring a cohesive, efficient, national transportation network; and how the federal government can improve and streamline infrastructure programs to help ensure the transportation network meets the needs of businesses.
The Transportation Committee continues to develop legislation to fund highway, bridge, and transit improvements; a bill to modernize the U.S. aviation system; and other infrastructure initiatives for Congressional action later this year.
Texas Members of Congress currently scheduled to participate in the roundtable include U.S. Rep. Brian Babin (TX-36), U.S. Rep. Gene Green (TX-29), and U.S. Rep. Kevin Brady (TX-8) and myself (TX-27).
Congressman Babin and I also serve on the Transportation Committee with Chairman Shuster.
Joining us for the discussion will be representatives of Kirby Corporation, Kinder Morgan, Walmart, the Port of Houston, and BNSF Railway.
Rice University President David Leebron will welcome participants to open Tuesdays roundtable.
Another Power Grab by our President
On February 26, the Federal Communications Commission (FCC) passed new Net Neutrality regulations.
During my time as a computer consultant, I saw firsthand the benefits of the government leaving the Internet alone . The FCCs decision to reclassify broadband services as a public utility under Title II of the Communications Act has now
opened the door to what I fear will be
increases in user fees, new taxes, and years of litigation over the regulations.
We are regulating 21 st
century technology like 1930s telephone companies.
Most of us agree that an open internet is a good thing as it provides all of us instant access to
information and entertainment. The problem is few, if any people can cite concrete examples of Internet Service Providers not treating them fairly. The fact is a heavy handed regulatory regime under Title II is the wrong approach.
The Internet thrives in innovation.
Government regulation is like poison to progress.
Over the past two weeks, I asked for your thoughts on Net Neutrality, and the response was clear:
77% of you do not see the need for this type of regulatory action by the FCC.
On November 10, 2014, the President called on the FCC to
take up the strongest possible rules
to enforce Net Neutrality. This is just another example of executive overreach by the President and his Administration. These regulations were formulated behind closed doors and without a public comment period.
I recently signed on to a
letter
sent to FCC Chairman Tom Wheeler as part of my role on the House Judiciary Committee expressing my concerns over the ruling. On March 17, 2015, the House Judiciary Committee will hold a hearing to examine the impact of the FCCs Open Internet rule. I look forward to updating you on what I learn from this hearing.
Strengthening Our Immigration Laws
As a member of the House Judiciary Committee, I am working on ways to improve immigration laws, putting border security first.
Recently, Texas Representative Mike McCauls border security enhancement bill ran into criticism because it did not deal with interior enforcement.
The Judiciary committee is working to fix that. The committee is working on four separate pieces of legislation that will strengthen the interior enforcement of our immigration laws. While there are many ways in which our immigration system is broken, hands down , the biggest problem is the lack of enforcement of the laws we already have on the books.
So far, the Judiciary Committee has approved both the
Legal Workforce Act , which would
require all employers to use the E-Verify system , and the
Protection of Children Act , that would ensure that unaccompanied minors that cross the border are either
safely returned home, or remain safe when staying with a sponsor
while waiting for their immigration hearing.
The work is not yet done. In the upcoming weeks the committee will work on the
Michael Davis, Jr. in Honor of State and Local Law Enforcement Act , allowing state and local law enforcement officials to help enforce federal immigration laws,
and the
Asylum Reform and Border Protection Act,
which will
close loopholes
in our immigration system and help
end catch and release policies.
Supporting Local Broadcasters
I recently took to the House floor to speak about the value local broadcasters bring to our communities.
Much Needed State Highway 361 Upgrades
Recently, the Texas Transportation Commission voted to approve the State Highway 361 (the road from Padre Island to Port Aransas) project to
add left turn lanes, improve connectivity, and improve safety.
I worked closely with state and local officials in the effort to make much needed upgrades to State Highway 361. While the ultimate goal is to make this road a 4-lane divided highway, the approval of this project is a necessary step in the right direction.
As a member of the Transportation and Infrastructure committee I regularly work with federal, state and local officials on highway, railroad waterways and air travel issues.
Some of my top transportation priorities are I-69 and its effect on local businesses, the Harbor Bridge, Port and Intercoastal waterway dredging, maintenance and improvement, and FAA Reauthorization and reform.
Shot this out the window as I was leaving DCA (Washington Reagan National) No WiFi on the E175 so I had to wait until I landed at IAH (Houston Bush Intercontinental) to post this #latergram. Love the look of the frozen Potomac but glad to be out of 20 weather.
Evening
@gopoversight
hearing on how the IRS found 32,744 Lois Learner's e-mail messages.
CONNECT
LATEST NEWS
Rep. Farenthold: Hillary Email Furor Fuels Benghazi Suspicions
Newsmax
Gulf states battle for drilling proceeds
The Hill
Bill boosting federal sick leave for disabled vets advances
Federal Times
$3M asbestos scam at heart of Silver scandal shows trial lawyer abuses continue
Washington Examiner
Broadcasters Praised On House Floor
Broadcasting &amp; Cable
The new GOP split on net neutrality
Politico
SNAPSHOTS
3/6- The 2015 Friends of Scouting Breakfast took place at the Ortiz Center in Corpus Christi. The event benefited the South Texas Council of Boy Scouts of America, which consists of several counties in the 27th Congressional District including Nueces, Aransas, San Patricio, Jackson, Refugio, Calhoun, and Victoria. The keynote speaker was Joe Gorder, Chairman, President and CEO of Valero Energy Corporation. He and several other speakers stressed the importance of scouting and the role it plays in helping shape scouts lives.
3/5-The Corpus Christi Chamber of Commerce hosted their Grand Opening and Ribbon Cutting ceremony for John Deere Landscapes.
3/5- The Portland Chamber recognized Bradleys as the Member of the Month for March. Luis Buentello with my office presented a certificate to Jim Williams, owner of Bradleys. Keep up the good work Jim!
3/5- The Aransas Pass Chamber of Commerce honored Microtel Inn &amp; Suites as their Member of the Month.
3/5- The El Campo Chamber of Commerce and Agriculture hosted their 2015 Membership and Awards Gala tonight. Carol Wootton, my Field Representative, attended the event and presented Certificates of Special Congressional Recognition to Outgoing Board Chairman Lance Lurker, 2014 Citizen of the Year Patty Jensen, 2014 Achiever of the Year Cindy Cerny, and 2014 Director of the Year Tommy Hitzfeld. Congratulations on your special recognition!
3/3- The Victoria Chamber of Commerce hosted Victoria County Day at the Capitol in Austin. Local leaders in business and government met with House Rep. Geanie Morrison, Senator Kolkhorst, Comptroller Glen Hegar, and the Governor's staff to advocate for Victoria. Thank you, Randy Vivian and all Chamber staff for the work you put into coordinating this successful trip.
2/28- The Smithville Chamber hosted their annual banquet and awards. Congratulations to:
Sam Martin, Citizen of the Year
Brookshire Brothers #55, Business of the Year
Smithville Ministerial Alliance, Organization of the Year
Also, the Richard D. Latham Cultural District of Smithville, Texas awarded the Artist of the Year award posthumously to Bill McGlaun.
Join me in congratulating each of these individuals on their awards and thanking them for everything they do for Smithville.
2/26-The Rockport-Fulton Chamber of Commerce Delegation is in Austin for the Aransas County Day at the Capitol. Rockport-Fulton High School students were also in town to perform at the north rotunda on the grounds of the Texas Capitol
2/26- San Patricio County Judge Terry Simpson delivered his State of the County address in Portland. Judge Simpson updated the packed venue on key developments currently underway, which includes over $20 billion in Industrial Growth in San Patricio County.
WEBSITE
|
UNSUBSCRIBE
|
CONTACT
Click Here Click Here