
Mail begin
If you are having trouble viewing this
message or would like to share it on a social network, you can
view the message
online .
March 10, 2015
Unsubscribe
Update My
Profile
Website
|
Biography
|
Contact Me
|
Services
|
Issues &amp; Legislation
|
Newsroom
|
28th District
Dear Friend,
Welcome to my Washington Update, an
e-newsletter for the constituents of California's 28th Congressional
District. This e-newsletter provides a way for you to keep me informed
of your views and interests. You can do this by clicking on the survey
question, which appears on the right. In addition to participating in
the survey, I would encourage you to send any more detailed
thoughts
by email .
After
Urging by Schiff, President Obama Includes $5 Million for Earthquake
Early Warning System in Budget
Last month, President Obama released his budget proposal to
Congress for FY16 and for the first time, he included $3.5 million in
funding specifically for the West Coast Earthquake Early Warning
System, in addition to $1.5 million dollars in
base
funding for the U.S. Geological Survey (USGS). A limited version of the
system developed by Caltech, UC Berkeley, and the University of
Washington in affiliation with the USGS has proven its effectiveness among
test users. Similar systems are already in use in earthquake-prone
countries like Mexico and Japan.
Rep. Schiff and Senator Feinstein,
along with a number of their colleagues, had urged Obama earlier this
year to include the vital funding.
A fully-built out
West Coast earthquake early warning system is critical to saving lives
and protecting infrastructure by giving us a heads up before the next
big one hits, said Rep. Schiff. By including an additional $5
million in funding from last years initial federal investment, President
Obama is acknowledging that this is something that cannot wait any
longer. We couldnt agree more. Through the appropriations process, we
will work to make sure that we secure this additional funding, so
residents have a critical advanced warning to seek cover, automatically
slow or stop trains, pause surgeries and more.
Read More:
Los Angeles
Times
Obama proposes $5 million for earthquake early
warning system
CBS
White House wants $5 million for earthquake early warning
system
KPCC
Early earthquake warning
system gets $5 million in Obama
budget
Rep. Schiff Pushes for Debate and Vote after President Obama Sends Up
Draft ISIL War Authorization
Last month,
President Obama submitted a draft war authorization against ISIL to
Congress, something Rep. Schiff has been advocating for since the beginning
of bombing runs against the terrorist group.
Earlier this year,
Schiff proposed draft legislation to Congress authorizing
narrowly-tailored use of military force against ISIL. His proposal would limit the
size and scope of the nearly six month long ongoing American military
campaign against ISIL. Key aspects of the legislation include a
three-year limit authorization for the use of force as well as a prohibition
on the use of ground troops. The bill also immediately repeals the
2002 AUMF and sunsets the 2001 AUMF in three years, both of which have
been used to legitimize the Presidents use of force more than a decade
later.
The Presidents authorization was much
broader, and Schiff is pushing to narrow it by including strict limits on
ground troops, geographical limits, and a sunset on the 2001
authorization.
After the President released his draft, Schiff stated: With
the receipt of specific language from the President, Congress has run
out of excuses for any further delay of a debate and vote on a new
authorization.
Watch Schiff discuss the need to narrowly
tailor any authorization on
ABCs This
Week :
Read
More:
New York Times Obamas Dual View
of War Power Seeks Limits and Leeway
Los Angeles Times
Editorial: Congress should refine
Obama's request for war against Islamic State
MSNBC Rachel Maddow Show
Rep. Schiff: Time for
Congress to Debate &amp; Vote on ISIS War Authorization
Washington Post
Obama makes formal request for
war authorization against Islamic State
Rep. Schiff Brings Astronaut to Local Schools to Inspire Children
to Pursue STEM Education
Last month, Glenfeliz
Boulevard Elementary, Franklin Avenue Elementary School, and
Micheltorena Street Elementary schools had a very special visit from NASA
astronaut Dr. Andrew Feustel. Rep. Schiff attended the discussion which
focused on Feustels two trips into outer-space as well as what inspired
him to become an astronaut. He also spoke on the importance of
continued space exploration both in America and around the world.
Feustel is the ninth astronaut to be invited by Rep. Schiff to speak to
local elementary schools.
As Members of Congress, we must do
our part to advance scientific knowledge and exploration as core
values of our society.
One important way we can engender a sense of
excitement about math and science is by bringing Americas astronauts
into the classroom, said Schiff. I hope that the students we visit
with will seriously consider careers in math and science, especially at
NASA-affiliated institutions like JPL and Caltech, right in our
backyard.
Below are some of the pictures from the
visits:
Read
More:
Park LaBrea News and Beverly
Press
Astronaut sends students over the
moon
Rep. Schiff Introduces Vaccines Save Lives
Resolution
The recent outbreak of measles in Southern California prompted
a national debate on the safety and effectiveness of vaccines and
whether parents should vaccinate their children. Rep. Schiff introduced a
House Resolution in February on the topic, which included over 90
cosponsors from members on both sides of the aisle. This bill highlights
the effectiveness and progress of vaccinations world-wide as well as
the critical importance vaccines have in preventing the spread of
contagious and life-threatening diseases.
In introducing
the resolution, Schiff said:
Theres no question that vaccines
are safe, effective and critical to saving lives and creating a shared
immunity in our communities and across the world. With the latest
measles outbreak in California and elsewhere, its more important than ever
that children are vaccinated to prevent the spread of preventable and
dangerous diseases -- including those that were previously
eradicated. This bipartisan resolution recognizes the importance and scientific
necessity of this life-saving medicine.
Read
more:
Los Angeles Daily News
California lawmaker introduces bipartisan resolution in favor of measles
vaccine
The Hill
Lawmakers introduce 'vaccines save lives'
resolution
What did you think of
Israeli Prime Minister Netanyahus speech to Congress? This week, Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu spoke to a
joint session of Congress about his concerns over a possible negotiated
deal with Iran to freeze their nuclear program. Netanyahu was invited
by Speaker Boehner, who did not inform the White House or Democrats
that he was extending the invitation.
During the speech, the Prime
Minister laid out the views of many Israelis about a possible agreement,
given the behavior of the Iranian regime and its threats to wipe Israel
off the map.
What
did you think of the Prime Ministers speech? A.) I felt that the Prime Minister should
not have been invited given the nature (without informing the White
House) and timing (two weeks before the Israeli election), and felt that
Democrats should have boycotted. B.) I felt that the Prime Minister should have
presented an alternative plan to military action and considered the
consequences of a failure to reach an agreement, which he did not
address. C.) I am deeply
skeptical that an agreement can be reached, and agree with the Prime
Minister about some of the possible pitfalls of such an agreement.
However,
I believe every effort must be made to resolve the issue peacefully
and support White House n D.) I agreed with the Prime Minister, and feel that this is a
bad deal.
The U.S. should abandon talks and increase sanctions until
Iran is forced to give up all enrichment.
Other: Other *By answering this survey, you
are subscribing to my newsletter If you are having trouble,
click here. Survey Results Do you agree with the release of the Senate
Intelligence Committees torture report? Answer Total I support the release of the report on
torture
this is not who we are as a nation and we cannot get past
this dark chapter in our national life without a full accounting for
what was done in our names. 56.10% I
support the release of the report
however, I question the timing
given the volatile state of affairs abroad.
5.23% I oppose the release of the report
the report unfairly
characterizes what was done to detainees as torture and ignores the
urgency of American officials to avoid a follow-on attack to
9/11. 10.80% I oppose the release of the
report
it could inspire further acts of terrorism against American
targets, and I approve of whatever it takes to protect our country
including harsh interrogation techniques.
27.87%
Contact Information
Washington, DC
2411 Rayburn House Office
Building
Washington D.C. 20515
Phone:
(202) 225-4176
Facsimile: (202) 225-5828
Burbank Office
245 E. Olive Ave., #200
Burbank, California 91502
Phone: (818) 450-2900
Phone: (323) 315-5555
Facsimile: (818) 450-2928
Update My Profile
-
Unsubscribe
-
Privacy
Policy
gateway
mail end 