
Can't see the pictures? Select "Always display images" or
view this message in your browser .
March 8, 2015
Congress Passes Legislation to Fund DHS
Last week, the U.S. House of Representatives voted to fund the Department of Homeland Security (DHS) through September 30, 2015. Unfortunately, this vote was preceded by a near shutdown of DHS and months of uncertainty about how or if Congress would fund the department.
Our national security should never be jeopardized by political games.
Funding DHS means we can keep Americans safe from threats at home and abroad. This kind of governing is simply unacceptable, and is no way to manage the people&rsquo;s business.
Amendment to Evaluate Effectiveness of Train Horn Use
Last week, I successfully authored an amendment to
H.R. 749, the Passenger Rail Reform and Investment Act , to evaluate the effectiveness of the Federal Railroad Administration's (FRA) 2005 rule on the use of locomotive horns at rail crossings.
It's time to update and modernize train horn regulations to allow flexibility for new technologies and innovations. Establishing a Quiet Zone can take years of work and cost millions of dollars delaying important safety investments in our communities.
While the rule also allows municipalities to establish "Quiet Zones," the requirements for creating a Quiet Zone are rigid, cost prohibitive and time consuming.
Last year, a new Quiet Zone was established in Commerce City. The City of Arvada also recently announced four planned railway-crossing improvements to establish Quiet Zones.
I&rsquo;m hoping the proposed GAO report will help Congress better analyze the effectiveness of the Train Horn Rule and work with FRA to improve the ability for cities to continue investing in railway crossing safety and improve our communities.
Survey Results
In
last month&rsquo;s e-newsletter , I asked you about the Authorization for Use of Military Force against ISIL and how Congress should deal with funding for the Department of Homeland Security. Thank you to the more than two hundred people who participated in the survey. Here are the results:
Upcoming Events
Telephone Town Hall
Description
A telephone town hall is a live conference call you can participate in from your own home. Ed invites you and your neighbors to participate in a live town hall to discuss important issues such as the economy, job and wage growth, and other issues important to Coloradans.
Time &amp; Date
Wednesday, March 11, 7 to 8pm
Location/How
Click here to sign up
and you will receive a call when the town hall is starting.
Twitter Town Hall
Description
Sometimes an hour is just not enough time to answer everyone&rsquo;s questions. Join Ed for more Q&amp;A on Twitter immediately following the telephone town hall.
Time &amp; Date
Wednesday, March 11, 8 to 8:30pm
Location/How
Tweet
@RepPerlmutter
to follow up on questions from the telephone town hall or ask new questions.
Senior Resource Fair
Description
Ed is hosting a Senior Resource Fair to provide information about Medicare, senior fraud protection, mental wellbeing, healthy living, and more.
Time &amp; Date
Friday, March 13, 10am to Noon
Location/How
Thornton Rec Center- 11151 Colorado Blvd - Thornton, CO 80233 |
MAP
Government in the Grocery
Description
Provides constituents with an easy and convenient way to meet and connect with Ed and his staff about issues, concerns, and needs.
Time &amp; Date
Saturday, March 21, 1 to 3pm
Location/How
Natural Grocers (Vitamin Cottage) 2401 Ford St. - Golden, CO 80401 |
MAP
ICYMI or if you&rsquo;re looking for additional information about our upcoming Senior Resource Fair, check out the article below in this week&rsquo;s Westminster Window:
Second senior resource fair set
Perlmutter schedules event at Thornton site
Ashley Reimers
Posted 3/5/15
After the positive response from his first senior resource fair, Congressman Ed Perlmutter is hosting a second one on March 13. The fair is 10 a.m. to noon at Margaret Carpenter Recreation Center, 11151 Colorado Blvd. in Thornton.
&ldquo;Our first resource fair back in November was very well attended and there was a lot of interest in the different services available to seniors,&rdquo; Perlmutter said. &ldquo;So we figured we'd better get busy and arrange for a second one.&rdquo;
Perlmutter said the goal of the senior resource fair is to educate and provide information to his constituents, specifically seniors, about Alzheimer's education, health and wellness issues, senior fraud, Meals on Wheels programs and transportation issues.
Over 15 partner organizations are attending, including: Adams County Department of Health and Human Services, Alzheimer's Association of Colorado, Denver Regional Council of Governments, Hunger Free Colorado, Jefferson County District Attorney's Office, Jeffco Human Services Aging and Adult Services and Tri-County Health Department.
&ldquo;It's important to provide this event because constituents in the 7th Congressional District tend to be older, since the area is such a wonderful place to live,&rdquo; Perlmutter said. &ldquo;We have a lot of seniors facing many of the issues discussed at the fair on a daily basis, so it's important to provide them information and let them know about the many resources out there that can help.&rdquo;
The resource fair isn't just for seniors, but also for family members and caregivers of seniors. Perlmutter said caregivers can gain just as much out of the fair as the senior he or she is caring for.
&ldquo;I want to be able to help my neighbors and my community,&rdquo; he said. &ldquo;Someone might be struggling with something and I want to help provide a resource that can make their struggle a little less tough.&rdquo;
For more information on the senior resource fair, call 303-274-7944.
To read the original article, click
here .
Congressman Ed Perlmutter
Connect With Me
Facebook
Twitter
YouTube
Unsubscribe
Washington DC Office
1410 Longworth House Office
Building
Washington, DC 20515
Phone: 202.225.2645
Fax: 202.225.5278
District Office
12600 West Colfax Avenue, Suite
B-400
Lakewood, CO 80215
Phone: 303.274.7944
Fax: 303.274.6455
Please do not reply to this email.
To contact me, please
click here
and let me know your thoughts on how I can better represent your beliefs and values in our nation's Capitol.
