
If you are having trouble viewing this message or would like to share
it on a social network, you can
view the message online .
About
Contact
Services
Media
Center
Legislation
Issues
Resources
March 01, 2015
Friends,
More than three months ago, President Obama
took unprecedented executive action to grant amnesty to nearly five
million illegal immigrants.
As Ive said before, I do not agree
with the Presidents executive actions on immigration, and I am outraged
by his go-it-alone approach.
But the crisis threatening the
future of our nation isnt simply about illegal immigration; it is
about defending the Constitution. One thing the Constitution makes clear
- it's Congress' job to write our laws and the Presidents job to
enforce those laws. By bypassing Congress to unilaterally rewrite our
immigration laws, President Obama is ignoring the will of the American
people and putting the constitutional foundation of our nation at
risk.
As your voice in Congress, I vowed to do everything in my
power to uphold the rule of law and block these illegal amnesty
policies.
A federal judge in Texas stopped federal agencies from
implementing the Presidents illegal policies. This was encouraging and a
major turning point in this critical debate, but it is only a
temporary measure. Until the courts decision is final, the President will
continue to appeal the injunction to implement his illegal amnesty. A
lengthy legal battle looms, which is why Congress must put a permanent
halt on executive amnesty by defunding it
immediately.
With
my support, the House of Representatives passed a bill in January that
bans funds from being used to carry out President Obamas illegal
amnesty while funding every lawful activity of the Department of Homeland
Security (DHS).
Unfortunately, after trying four times, Senate
Republicans were unable to bring this critical bill forward because
Democrats in the Senate believe its more important to grant illegal
amnesty than protect American workers and bolster security.
Im
disappointed, but I wont sit back and let the Presidents illegal
action continue.
This is exactly why I voted last week
against a short-term funding bill that does nothing to prevent President
Obamas illegal executive action.
This measure fails to block
the Presidents amnesty and simply kicks the can further down the road,
and I do not support it. It is incumbent upon us to uphold the
Constitution by using the power of the purse to defund and rein in unlawful
actions.
I refuse to vote to embolden President Obamas
illegal actions and potentially set a dangerous precedent that this Congress
- and future Congresses - will fund executive orders that trample
established American
laws.
Last week we also voted on a
separate measure to convene a conference between the House and Senate to
iron out our differences on a DHS funding bill, while also addressing
President Obamas illegal executive amnesty. While I agree this is the
appropriate process created by our founders, I also understand that
this is simply wishful thinking. Senate Minority Leader Harry Reid
obstructed the House-passed DHS funding bill for six weeks, and has sworn
up and down to do the same this time around -- this is as reckless as
it is insulting.
As Republicans continue to work towards
bipartisan solutions, Senate Democrats continue to send a clear message:
its President Obamas way or no
way.
Folks, I
dont work for the President or Republican leadership
I work for you.
I came to Congress to help turn this
country around by promoting commonsense, conservative solutions. While I
cant predict the outcome of this debate, I can assure you Im not
going to back down from the fight and will do everything in my power to
block President Obamas illegal amnesty.
It is a matter of
whats right and wrong
we must ensure fairness for those who struggled to
join our country legally while upholding our Constitution and
respecting the will of the American
people.
Until next week,
Richard Hudson
Member of Congress
(NC-08)
Concord Office
325 McGill Ave, NW
Suite
500
Concord, NC 28027
Phone: (704)
7861612
Rockingham Office
1015 Fayetteville Rd
Rockingham,
NC 28379
Phone: (910) 9972070
Washington D.C.
Office
429 Cannon HOB
Washington, DC 20515
Phone: (202) 2253715
Unsubscribe
|
Update My Profile
|
Privacy Policy
