
If you are having trouble viewing this message or
would like to share it on a social network, you can
view the message online .
Home
|
About
|
How Can
I Help?
|
Media
|
Issues
|
The 6th District
Keeping the Aurora
VA Hospital Going
Dear
Friends:
If youre on this newsletter list you know that the
Aurora VA hospital has been one of my biggest priorities in Congress.
The project sits in the heart of my district. Our states veterans
have been promised it for over a decade. Its being built on the former
Fitzsimons Army Medical Center, which brought my family back to
Colorado when I was only 9 years old as part of my latefathers
last assignment before retiring
from the U.S. Army.
Getting this hospital built is not
only a priority for my constituents, it is deeply personal for
me.
This week there was news that the
construction could again shut down at the end of March due to lack of funding.
I am furious the VAs incompetence has led us down this path.
Thankfully that possibility has been temporarily pushed back after
the VA reprogrammed or transferred additional
money from their Major Construction Budget to keep it going a few more
months.
While the VAs reprogramming has
helped avoid a March work stoppage, we are not out of the woods yet.
There are a number of hurdles that need to be crossed before we can see
the hospital on a path to
completion.
First and foremost is lifting the authorization cap, as current federal
law caps the total spending on the hospital at $880 million. The VA
expects us to hit that cap around mid-April. I have introduced
legislation raising that cap, but holding up Congressional action is a lack of
a final price tag on the project, especially since the final cost
could be over a billion dollars over the original budget. My colleagues in
Congress want to see a final estimated cost for the project before
authorizing additional spending. The VA has not provided us with that
figure.
No doubt, my argument will be that
there is nothing I can do about the VAs costly mismanagement of this
construction project but they are in the process of being replaced by
the by the Army Corps of Engineers who have built similar hospitals
for the Department of Defense all within budget and on schedule while
the VAs major construction projects are usually each hundreds of
millions of dollars over budget and years behind
schedule.
Ill follow up with legislation that will completely strip the
VA of their construction management authority and transfer that to
the Army Corps of Engineers.
I will also
continue to work hard to make sure that Veterans have the freedom to decide
whether or not they want to receive their care outside of the VA system
if they think that is in their best
interest.
We only have three weeks of votes left before we hit the cap to pass
the bill through both chambers and get it signed by the
President, and the VAs delays are making passing my bill much more
difficult the longer they wait to provide Congress with an estimated
cost.
Once we raise the cap we will still need
to find hundreds of millions of additional dollars to fund the
completion of the hospital. That will have to come through the VA finding
additional money in its Major Construction account and likely
additional appropriations from Congress.
As a Marine
Corps combat veteran I am deeply offended by the VA's bureaucratic
incompetence that has so royally screwed this project up for Colorados
veterans. As a taxpayer I am equally offended that federal bureaucrats so
recklessly wasted our hard-earned tax
dollars.
I am doing everything in my power to get this hospital built.
We cant erase the mistakes of the past, but we can fix them for the
future.
That is why my bill raising the
spending cap on the hospital has a second part
formally firing the VA from
managing the project and mandating the U.S. Army Corps of Engineers to
complete the construction. As a Government Accountability Office
report found in 2013, the Army Corps has a history of building projects on
time and within budget for the Department of
Defense.
My work now is ensuring the hospital construction
doesnt come to a halt. That will only cost the taxpayers more when work
eventually resumes on the project and will only delay the
state-of-the-art healthcare that the hospital will provide and that Colorados
veterans have long been owed.
The VA isnt
making it easy but I will continue to work day and night to get this
done.
Sincerely,
Mike Coffman
U.S. Representative
If you would like to sign up to
receive regular email updates from Mike, please visit
this
link
$ 18,156,164,802,432
Share on
Facebook
Share on Twitter
Share on
LinkedIn
Coffman livid that Aurora VA construction
could be halted again this month
By: Rachel Sapin
Aurora
Sentinel
Published March 12, 2015
A
bill that would allow the Army Corps of Engineers to permanently
manage construction of the Aurora Veterans Affairs hospital and raise
the hospitals $800 million spending cap to $1.1 billion is scheduled
to be heard by the House Veterans Affairs Subcommittee on Oversight
and Investigations March 19.
I am furious that the VAs
incompetence has led us down this path, said Aurora
Congressman Mike
Coffman ,
who proposed the
bill in January .
The bill follows on the heels of members of
Congress warning that construction of the Aurora
hospital could stop
again unless the department shows it is getting the project back on
track.
The warning came
in a letter Tuesday to VA Secretary Robert McDonald from leaders of
the House and Senate Committees on Veterans Affairs. In it, they
requested a detailed analysis of the projects costs and updates on efforts
to hold people accountable for cost overruns and delays. They said the
work is scheduled to stop again on March 29 without additional
funding.
VA Secretary Robert McDonald responded in a letter Thursday
to the committees that the VA plans to take $43.3 million from
three other construction projects to keep construction going until
May.
He
said in his letter that a final price tag on what
the hospital will cost will be available in the next couple
weeks.
Coffman
said in statement that not knowing how much the
hospital will cost to build is whats holding up Congress
acting.
Work on the
184-bed hospital being built in Aurora was halted in December because
of a contract dispute with contractor Kiewit-Turner. Following the
contractor walking off the job, a
temporary agreement was made with the VA agreeing to pay $234
million , including $157 million it owed Kiewit-Turner and subcontractors.
Part of that agreement included the U.S. Army Corps of Engineers
managing the completion of the hospital.
Kiewit-Turner and the VA both said they have no
plans to halt construction.
Work is progressing during this
interim phase and we are working collaboratively with the VA and USACE
(United States Army Corps of Engineers) on setting a path forward for a
final agreement, said Kiewit-Turner spokesman Tom Janssen.
We are confident that Congress and the VA will address the necessary
funding and authority issues.
The Next Constituent One-on-One
Meeting
U.S. Rep. Mike Coffman will meet one-on-one with constituents at
the Anythink Library, 327 E. Bridge St.,
Brighton, CO on
Saturday, March 28th, from 10:30AM to 12:00PM.
Constituents
are invited to come to the library to meet with Rep. Coffman and
discuss issues that are important to them.
This event is open only to residents of the 6th Congressional
District.
Another $43M staves off shutdown of work on
new Veterans Affairs Hospital, for now
By: Anica Padilla, Phil Tenser,
Marshall Zelinger
7 News
Denver
Published March 12,
2015
Reallocation of $43 million will stave off a potential shutdown
of the Veterans Affairs Hospital construction project in Aurora this
month, but will not bring it to completion.
The VA says it is
reprogramming, which means transferring, $43,295,000 within its Major
Construction account to keep the construction project going beyond
the end of March. Wednesday, members of Congress said the work on the
184-bed hospital was in danger of a second shutdown because of cost
overruns.
"Months after the biggest construction failure in VA
history, and weeks before work is yet again set to stop on the
replacement Denver VA Medical Center, the department hasnt provided Congress
the information required to get the effort back on track," said Rep.
Jeff Miller, R. Fla., Chairman, House Committee on Veterans' Affairs.
"Since the projects inception, the cost of the hospital has ballooned
from $328 million to $800 million, and now it looks as if the price
tag could top $1 billion."
On Thursday afternoon,
Congressman Mike Coffman , R-Colorado, told 7NEWS that he
believes the hospital will now cost $1.3 billion, when it was originally
budgeted for $600 million.
Federal law currently limits the
project to a total price of no more than $880 million. That price limit
is expected to be reached during April.
"Without increasing
the cap, this construction project will stop probably sometime around
the middle of next month," said
Coffman .
Coffman
and all of Colorado's other representatives
have co-sponsored a bill to raise the cap for the project to a total of
$1.1 billion. It is scheduled to be heard by the House Veterans'
Affairs Subcommittee on Oversight and Investigations on Thursday, March
19.
"It's supported by all the members of our
Congressional delegation. It's got to pass the House, the Senate and be signed
by the President. If not, there will be a shut down," said
Coffman .
But even once the spending limit is
increased, the VA will still need to find hundreds of millions of dollars in
additional funding. That could require new appropriations from Congress
or additional reallocations within their
accounts.
Contractor Kiewit-Turner shut down construction on the 184-bed hospital in
December after the United States Civilian Board of Contract Appeals
determined that the VA breached its contract by failing to provide a
design that could be built for $582,840,000.
Work has since
resumed, and workers at the construction site early Thursday were
dismissive of the idea of another shutdown.
"Work is progressing
during this interim phase and we are working collaboratively with the VA
and USACE on setting a path forward for a final agreement,"
Kiewit-Turner wrote in a statement emailed to 7NEWS.
Documents from
the House Committee on Veterans Affairs show that the Committee has
asked when a new total estimated cost for the project might be made
available. The VA's response indicates they hope for a contract during
summer of 2015.
"Our veterans deserve the absolute best care
that we can provide," Sen. Cory Gardner, R-Colo., said in a statement
Wednesday.
"Of all of the issues and challenges facing the
VA, the mess at the Aurora facility has stood out," said Rep. Dianna
DeGette, D-Colo.
Washington
Office
2443 Rayburn HOB
Washington, D.C. 20515
Phone: (202) 225-7882
Fax: (202) 226-4623
District
Office
Cherry Creek Place IV
3300 S. Parker Road, Suite #305
Aurora, CO 80014
Phone: (720) 748-7514
Fax:
(720) 748-7680
Unsubscribe
|
Update My
Profile
|
Privacy Policy
