
March 16, 2015
Share this email:
Congressman Griffith's Weekly E-Newsletter 3.16.15
Monday, March 16, 2015
Administration Overreach and the Second Amendment
An Update
In last weeks column, I wrote about the Obama Administrations framework proposal to ban the manufacture and importation of the M855 or green tip bullet.
Soon after writing that column, the Bureau of Alcohol, Tobacco, Firearms, and Explosives (ATF) backed off its proposal following significant pressure from supporters of the Second Amendment, including the 239 of us in the House of Representatives who joined together to send a bipartisan letter to ATF Director B. Todd Jones in opposition to this plan.
According to the statement on ATFs website, the agency had received more than 80,000 comments on its proposed framework, and the vast majority of the comments received to date are critical of the framework, and include issues that deserve further study.
Accordingly, ATF will not at this time seek to issue a final framework.
Though this is good news, we must remain vigilant.
According to an article in
The Hill
(an inside-the-beltway news journal), ATF Director Jones declined to comment Thursday on whether his agency might reconsider the bullet ban at a future date
It also notes that a group of House Democrats were planning to send a letter to Director Jones urging him to move forward with the ban.
Again, I emphasize: I will continue to pay very close attention to the ongoing debate on gun rights.
I will not waver in my support of the Second Amendment.
Fighting Heroin Abuse &amp; Overdoses
I have grown very concerned in recent years by the apparent increase in heroin use and resulting overdoses.
As with similar issues, there is no simple fix for this public health problem.
However, on March 9 I led a bipartisan group of my colleagues in sending a letter to a few Administration officials (including Department of Health and Human Services Secretary Sylvia Burwell, Office of National Drug Control Policy Director Michael Botticelli, and Office of Management and Budget Director Shaun Donovan) urging them to see that overdose prevention
specifically through the use of naloxone, a medication designed to counter the effects of an opioid and prevent overdose
remains a priority issue.
The letter calls on the Administration to identify existing sources of funding to be reprogrammed in order to provide communities with adequate financial assistance for expanding access to naloxone.
Our letter also prompts the Administration to propose and put in place new, innovative ways to integrate naloxone throughout the health care delivery system.
On March 11, Senator Tim Kaine (D-VA) was among a bipartisan group of Senators to introduce a bill that, according to a press release, would protect first responders, health professionals and family members who are educated in administering an opioid overdose prevention drug, such as naloxone (also known as Narcan) in an emergency situation of overdose.
I look forward to reviewing this proposal, but am pleased to see this issue is important to Senator Kaine as well.
According to a January
Washington Post
story, the number of heroin overdose deaths in Virginia more than doubled between 2011 and 2013.
The state recorded 213 fatal heroin overdoses in 2013 and an estimated 210 in 2014.
(The 2014 total was extrapolated from figures for the first six months of the year.)
The rates are higher in rural Southwest Virginia, while Fairfax and Prince William counties have seen the highest overall numbers.
Too many Americans have been lost to opioid abuse.
And sadly, many of those deaths are preventable.
Working together, I know we can make a difference and, God willing, save lives.
2015 Congressional Art Competition
High school students (grades 9
12) residing in the Ninth Congressional District are again invited to participate in the Congressional Art Competition, which began in 1982.
The chosen theme for this year is Famous Folks, Towns, and Beauty in Virginias Ninth Congressional District.
I encourage students to put some thought into their work and be creative when designing their original pieces.
The winning artwork will be displayed in the U.S. Capitol complex for a year.
The student will also be invited to Washington to celebrate the unveiling of his/her work.
In addition, the second and third place selections will be on display in our offices.
Participating students are asked to submit a photograph of their original artwork to either the Christiansburg or Abingdon office by 5 p.m. on Wednesday, April 1st.
For specific guidelines, please contact Elliott Silverman at Elliott.Silverman@mail.house.gov.
If you have questions, concerns, or comments, feel free to contact my office.
You can call my Abingdon office at 276-525-1405 or my Christiansburg office at 540-381-5671.
To reach my office via email, please visit my website at www.morgangriffith.house.gov.
Also on my website is the latest material from my office, including information on votes recently taken on the floor of the House of Representatives.
###
Washington, DC Office
1108 Longworth HOB
Washington, D.C. 20515
T (202) 225-3861
F (202) 225-0076
Abingdon Office
323 West Main St.
Abingdon, VA 24210
T (276) 525-1405
F (276) 525-1444
Christiansburg Office
17 West Main St.
Christiansburg, VA 24073
T (540) 381-5671
F (540) 381-5675
UPDATE SUBSCRIPTION OPTIONS
|
PRIVACY POLICY
|
CONTACT US
Click Here Click Here