
Loretta Lynch is a renowned federal prosecutor, an exemplary public servant, and President Obama&rsquo;s nominee to replace Eric Holder as Attorney General.
David -- Loretta Lynch is a renowned federal prosecutor, an exemplary public servant, and President Obama&rsquo;s nominee to replace Eric Holder as Attorney General.
But even though she advanced through the Judiciary Committee with bipartisan support,
Senate Republicans are threatening her confirmation.
Senators like Ted Cruz are trying to stop the confirmation of Ms. Lynch as a protest of the President&rsquo;s 2014 immigration actions -- a completely separate issue, but one the GOP refuses to let go of. Dozens of Republicans have now threatened to vote against her, and Mitch McConnell is dragging out the process!
Tell the GOP: Stop wasting time and join Democrats to confirm Loretta Lynch. Please sign now -- Republicans need to know that voters are watching!
Your Action History
Last Petition Signed:
N/A
Confirm Loretta Lynch:
Signature Pending &gt;&gt;
Here&rsquo;s what Ms. Lynch brings to the table:
She has an impressive two decade record as a prosecutor
She&rsquo;s currently the U.S. Attorney for the Eastern District of New York
She&rsquo;d be the first African American woman to serve as Attorney General
With Eric Holder stepping down, we need a new Attorney General NOW. And Ms. Lynch is a stellar choice.
The GOP has no excuse not to confirm her immediately.
Add your voice: Tell Republicans to confirm Loretta Lynch.
Thanks for your help,
Team DSCC
Democratic Senatorial Campaign Committee
P.O. Box 96047
Washington, DC 20090
Paid for by the Democratic Senatorial Campaign Committee, dscc.org,
and not authorized by any candidate or candidate&#39;s committee.
The DSCC is the only organization solely dedicated to supporting Democrats in the U.S. Senate. This message was sent to dj724530@gmail.com because you are a part of the DSCC&rsquo;s grassroots network. Please add us to your address book or approved senders list to make sure you keep receiving DSCC updates.
Emails are a critical way for us to stay in touch with our grassroots supporters. 99% of the DSCC&rsquo;s contributions come from grassroots donors giving less than $200. We also strive to keep you updated on issues related to the Democratic Party&rsquo;s values.
If you&rsquo;d like to stop receiving emails related to this campaign, please
click here .
If you&#39;d like to make a contribution to support us, please
click here . We are already beginning to prepare for the fight ahead &ndash; reclaiming the majority in 2016. It will take every single grassroots supporter, but we know it&rsquo;s possible with your help. If you&rsquo;d like to stop receiving all emails from the DSCC, please
unsubscribe . We greatly appreciate your continued support.
Contributions or gifts to the DSCC are not tax deductible.
