
Fellow Illinoisans:
Last week, President Obama sent a clear
message to students and families across the
country who are struggling with
unsurmountable amounts of debt from student
loans. By launching the Student Aid Borrower
Bill of Rights, the Administration is
reasserting its commitment to student
borrowers by providing additional protections
to people who took out both federal and
private student loans. Also, it will simplify
how students interact with student loan
servicers.
I share in the Presidents
commitment to this issue, which borrows from
a bill
I
introduced in 2013 . It incorporates many
improvements from my Student Loan
Borrowers Bill of Rights, such as
better notifications to students when their
loans are transferred from one servicer to
another, standard application of loan
payments, and timely resolution of complaints
and errors.
Find out more about what the Student Aid
Borrower Bill of Rights will mean for you by
clicking
here .
There is much more work to do if we as a
country want to address our national student
debt crisis. The Presidents action
doesnt excuse Congress from taking the
next step. We can act now to help the nearly
40 million Americans holding some $1.2
trillion in student loan debt. One common
sense reform Congress should consider is
restoring bankruptcy protections to private
student borrowers. This week, I introduced a
bill that would restore those
protections.
Did you know that student loans are
nondischargeable during bankruptcy? They
stick with you for an entire lifetime.
My
Fairness for Struggling Students Act
aims
to restore fairness in student lending by
treating privately issued student loans in
bankruptcy the same as other types of private
debt. This bill would go a long way in making
it easier for millions of working families to
manage the student loan debt they already
have. This is just one step Congress can take
this year, and my colleagues and I plan to
introduce more bills that would address
growing student loan debt.
Ive met too many dedicated students
and hard-working families who deserve better.
No one should be saddled with debt just
because they chose to do the right thing by
pursuing a college education. If Congress
doesnt follow the Presidents
lead and act soon, we risk burdening a
generation of students with debt. By doing
so, we jeopardize their future contributions
to our nation and economy.
Higher education has truly been a
difference maker, not just in my life, but
for millions of Americans who studied hard in
college so they could achieve their goals,
start a career, and provide for their
families. Its time to act on the
student loan debt crisis. Lets uphold
the American belief that if you work hard and
get an education, who you will be
rewarded.
Sincerely,
Dick Durbin
United States Senator
If you did not sign up to receive this email or no longer
wish to receive future updates, please
click here to unsubscribe .
Sent from the office of U.S. Senator Dick Durbin