
You&rsquo;d think that after five years of success, the Affordable Care Act would stop being a target for right-wing attacks.
David -- You&rsquo;d think that after five years of success, the Affordable Care Act would stop being a target for right-wing attacks.
But you&rsquo;d be wrong. The Republican Congress is still holding repeated votes to repeal or undermine the health care law, and
now a Supreme Court case threatens to undo it completely.
This flies in the face of reality: The Affordable Care Act (&ldquo;Obamacare&rdquo;) has given millions of Americans access to health insurance, many for the first time. It&rsquo;s saving us money. And it&rsquo;s improving Americans&rsquo; health.
The attacks against it are misguided and wrong. But now more than ever, we need you to stand up for health care reform.
We&rsquo;re helping to put together an unprecedented effort to support Obamacare: Americans for the Affordable Care Act. Will you show your support by signing on?
Right-wing activists brought the
King v. Burwell
case before the Supreme Court in a blatant and cynical effort to overturn the Affordable Care Act.
If the Court rules their way, 8.8 MILLION Americans could lose their new health insurance.
So it&rsquo;s critical that we band together to fight back. Let&rsquo;s show the right wing that Americans SUPPORT the Affordable Care Act and don&rsquo;t want to see it overturned.
Will you add your name to our campaign to save health care reform?
Thanks,
Preston Elliott
DSCC Deputy Executive Director
Democratic Senatorial Campaign Committee
P.O. Box 96047
Washington, DC 20090
Paid for by the Democratic Senatorial Campaign Committee, dscc.org,
and not authorized by any candidate or candidate&#39;s committee.
The DSCC is the only organization solely dedicated to supporting Democrats in the U.S. Senate. This message was sent to dj724530@gmail.com because you are a part of the DSCC&rsquo;s grassroots network. Please add us to your address book or approved senders list to make sure you keep receiving DSCC updates.
Emails are a critical way for us to stay in touch with our grassroots supporters. 99% of the DSCC&rsquo;s contributions come from grassroots donors giving less than $200. We also strive to keep you updated on issues related to the Democratic Party&rsquo;s values.
If you&rsquo;d like to stop receiving emails related to this campaign, please
click here .
If you&#39;d like to make a contribution to support us, please
click here . We are already beginning to prepare for the fight ahead &ndash; reclaiming the majority in 2016. It will take every single grassroots supporter, but we know it&rsquo;s possible with your help. If you&rsquo;d like to stop receiving all emails from the DSCC, please
unsubscribe . We greatly appreciate your continued support.
Contributions or gifts to the DSCC are not tax deductible.
