
Working For A Cure
My wife's mother was diagnosed with an incurable type of blood cancer, and our family has had to play catch-up as we continue to learn more about this terrible disease: multiple myeloma.
My wife, Kris, is pretty incredible, and a gifted athlete. Through our research we learned of the
Multiple Myeloma Research Foundation , and discovered they are the benefiting charity of the
Lake Placid Ironman . Kris has committed herself to competing in this race and finishing the 140.6-mile course to raise awareness for the disease. That's right. An Ironman is a 2.4-mile swim, a 112-mile bike course, and a marathon (26.2-mile run). While you won't find me out on the course competing alongside with her, you can be sure I'll be supporting her and cheering her on race day.
You can learn more about Kris' efforts to raise awareness for multiple myeloma in the
Pittsburgh Post-Gazette
and the
Allentown Morning Call .
Fighting Prescription Drug Abuse
Last week, I joined my colleagues Sens. Jeanne Shaheen (D-N.H.), Dick Durbin (D-Ill.), and Jeff Session (R-Ala.) to reintroduce a bipartisan bill that would improve the ability of law enforcement, public health officials, and health care providers to address prescription drug abuse by helping states develop more robust prescription drug monitoring programs.
The
National All-Schedules Prescription Electronic Reporter (NASPER) Reauthorization Act
would support existing state prescription drug monitoring programs and bolster their ability to operate both effectively and efficiently. This is critical to the safety of Pennsylvanians and Americans across the country because drug monitoring programs provide information that is critical to health care providers for guiding their educational outreach.
I visited Harrisburg on Thursday afternoon to talk about this important issue. You can read about my visit
here , and you can learn more about my efforts to combat prescription drug abuse
here .
Protecting Children
I was in Wilkes-Barre last week to visit the
Luzerne County Child Advocacy Center . The Center's Executive Director, Shannon Peduto, gave me a tour of the facility. The photo above is the Hands of Courage mural that represents the kids each year who have the courage to seek assistance after falling victim to physical or sexual abuse and neglect.
We must do more to protect our children. That is why Senator Joe Manchin (D-W.Va.) and I are leading the bipartisan effort to protect our kids in the classroom from sexual and violent predators.
You can learn more about my visit to the Advocacy Center
here , and more about my efforts with Sen. Manchin
here .
Protecting Volunteer Firefighters &amp; First Responder Departments
I am working to ensure our volunteer firefighters and first responders can continue protecting communities that rely on them. My colleague Senator Mark Warner (D-Va.) and I are spearheading a bipartisan effort to prevent volunteer firefighters and first responders from being counted as full-time employees under the harmful employer mandate established by Obamacare.
From small cities to rural communities, Pennsylvania has the largest number of volunteer fire departments in the country. These dedicated men and women, who volunteer to risk their lives for their fellow citizens, have enough on their plate without having to worry about whether excessive Washington red tape will close their station. The House of Representatives has already passed this common sense bill, and I am hopeful the Senate will do the right thing.
You can read more about my efforts to protect our communities
here .
ALLENTOWN, PA
PH: (610) 434-1444
ERIE, PA
PH: (814) 453-3010
HARRISBURG, PA
PH: (717) 782-3951
JOHNSTOWN, PA
PH: (814) 266-5970
PHILADELPHIA, PA
PH: (215) 241-1090
PITTSBURGH, PA
PH: (412) 803-3501
SCRANTON, PA
PH: (570) 941-3540
WASHINGTON, D.C.
PH: (202) 224-4254
UNSUBSCRIBE
