
Thursday February 5, 2015
WEBSITE
|
FORWARD TO A FRIEND
| SHARE ON:
Acting Fast
In this Congress, I'm wasting no time getting to work and fighting for the things that matter most to our district.
Click
here
to tell me what you would like to see Congress address first.
Dear Friend
Last month, I was sworn into the 114 th
Congress and began my second term representing Floridas 18 th
Congressional District. It is has been a privilege to serve the Treasure Coast and Palm Beaches, and I look forward to continuing to work with you and my colleagues in Washington to enact innovative, bipartisan solutions to move our nation forward.
In the last Congress, many important bills on issues such as government spending and our local environment were introduced in the House with broad, bipartisan support. While some legislation was acted upon, many important measures were not taken up for votes.
That is why in the coming months, I will be urging my colleagues in both chambers to act swiftly on measures that will address issues of major importance to our district.
The
Authorization of the Central Everglades Planning Project (CEPP) , which I introduced last month, is a critical piece of legislation that will benefit our local environment and is a crucial step in reducing harmful discharges from Lake Okeechobee. This measure will provide long-term relief to our local waterways by moving water south the way nature intended.
The
SAVE Act
is an important bill that will begin to get our fiscal house in order by rooting out government waste and improving efficiency. Originally introduced last term, the SAVE Act is a comprehensive measure that would cut a total of
$479 Billion
in taxpayer dollars. This legislation has received broad support from members of Congress from both parties.
Too much money is going into politics and threatening the democratic process. That is why I cosponsored campaign finance reform legislation such as
the Disclose Act , which makes spending by outside groups more transparent. Our elected officials should be focused on working to solve problems, not on raising money for the next election.
Click
here
to tell me what you would like to see Congress address first.
In this new Congress, there is much work ahead. By putting party politics aside and working together, we can get much done. I promise to continue fighting to change the tone in Washington and get results on the issues that matter most to us all.
NOTE: Please DO NOT respond to this email as this inbox is unattended. To contact my office please
click here
UPDATE SUBSCRIPTION OPTIONS
|
PRIVACY POLICY
|
CONTACT US
Click Here Click Here