DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.0 Transitional//EN" "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml1/DTD/xhtml1-transitional.dtd"
District Update | February 27, 2015
Click here
if you have trouble viewing this email
Dear Friends,
As many of you know, Ive been a long-time advocate for women; fighting to protect their rights. In 2009, I hosted my first womens conference to provide a forum that addressed issues of specific interest to the women in my district. Six years later, with hundreds having attended each year, this event has become recognized as a valuable resource for women of all ages and backgrounds.
For the 7th Annual Women's Conference next month, I'm excited to announce that former
Secretary of State Condoleezza Rice
will be the keynote speaker. Secretary Rice is an accomplished diplomat, scholar, and business leader who is often cited as a role model for women around the world. She has lived a life dedicated to public service and I'm honored that she will visit our community next month at my invitation.
Details regarding the conference are below:
Date: Saturday, March 28, 2015
Location: CSUF Titan Student Union Center
Address: 800 North State College Blvd., Fullerton, CA 92834
Time: 9:00 AM - 12:15 PM (Registration opens at 8:30 AM)
This event is free and open to the public.
Please click
here
to RSVP and learn more about the conference. I look forward to seeing you then.
Sincerely,
Ed Royce
News for Feb. 20 - Feb. 27, 2015
Rep. Royce Votes for STEM Education Act of 2015
This week, Rep. Royce voted for the STEM Education Act of 2015, a
bill
that defines STEM education as education in the subjects of science, technology, engineering, and mathematics, including computer science. This legislation also directs the National Science Foundation to continue to award competitive, merit-based grants to support research and development of innovative out-of-school STEM learning.
By classifying computer science as a STEM field, educators are empowered to help foster the next generation of computer programmers. These important jobs are responsible for much of the innovative technology and economic activity around us today. By 2020, there will be an estimated 1.4 million computing jobs in the U.S. and the STEM Education Act of 2015 ensures we will have the American workers to fill them.
Last year, Rep. Royce hosted a
Congressional STEM Competition
for local high school students to showcase their skills in STEM fields. Contestants were asked to develop a mobile phone application. Rep. Royce will host a similar competition later this year.
Royce Office Now Accepting Congressional Art Competition Entries
Rep. Royce has announced the start of the 2015 Congressional Art Competition for high school students from the 39th Congressional District of California. The winning student's artwork will hang in the U.S. Capitol alongside winning pieces from every Congressional district across the country.
All interested high school artists from California's 39th Congressional District may participate in this year's contest by submitting their entries no later than 5:00 p.m. on Wednesday, April 29, to either one of Rep. Royce's district offices: Brea Office (210 W Birch Street, Suite 201, Brea, CA 92821) or the Rowland Heights Office (1380 Fullerton Rd, Suite 205, Rowland Heights, CA 91748).
More information on submission guidelines and the contest can be found
here .
7th Annual Women's Conference Sessions
The following speakers will join former Secretary of State Condoleezza Rice at Rep. Royce's 7th Annual Womens Conference:
Success Stories: Women, Work and the Will to Lead w/ Caroline Choi, Katie Oyama, and Szu Pei Lu-Yang:
This session's speakers will share their experiences as they successfully navigated corporate America, as well as the struggles and challenges they have overcome.
A Celebrity Chefs Guide to Healthy Cooking w/ Jamie Gwen:
Celebrity chef, certified sommelier, lifestyle expert and four-time cookbook author Jamie Gwen will host this session on health cooking, and ways to help you and your family achieve a healthier lifestyle.
Achieving Financial Peace w/ Monica Chandra, Kathryn Hackney, Leticia Mata, and Katerina Soukhorado:
Secure your financial future by becoming financially fit and savvy with this panel of finance experts who will give a presentation on: Creating a spending and saving plan, eliminating debt, understanding credit, being in control of your money, and reaching the dream of homeownership.
Children's Health and What to Expect When You're Expecting w/ Heidi Murkoff and Lucy Martinez Sullivan:
This session will feature a discussion on the critical importance of nutrition for women and young children in the 1,000 days from a womans pregnancy through her childs second birthday in the U.S. and around the world
To learn more about Rep. Royce's Women's Conference, speakers, and to RSVP,
click here .
Royce Office Hosts Military Academy Night in March
Every year, Rep. Royce has the privilege of nominating high school students from California's 39th Congressional District to our nation's prestigious military academies.
This March, his staff will host a "Military Academy Night" that will serve as an informational session for students and parents interested in learning more about the application and nomination process. Past graduates from the academies and official liaison officers will also be on hand. Event details are below:
Date: Monday, March 16th
Time: 7:00 PM - 9:00 PM
Location: Buena Park City Hall
6650 Beach Blvd.
Buena Park, CA 90622
For more details or to RSVP, contact Stephanie Hu at:
(626) 964-5123 or
Stephanie.Hu@mail.house.gov .
CONNECT
Facebook
Youtube
ORANGE COUNTY OFFICE
210 W. Birch Street, Ste 201
Brea, CA 92821
T (714) 255-0101
LOS ANGELES COUNTY OFFICE
1380 S. Fullerton Road, Suite 205
Rowland Heights, CA 91748
T (626) 964-5123
WASHINGTON, DC OFFICE
2310 Rayburn House Office Building
Washington, DC 20515
T (202) 225-4111
UPDATE SUBSCRIPTION OPTIONS
|
PRIVACY POLICY
|
CONTACT US
Click Here Click Here