 featuring a presiding panel of pro-choice leaders with Speak-Out witnesses who know what it would mean to lose choice.
Womens reproductive rights are protected by the Constitution, but their choices are being steadily and significantly eroded by some states and by the Congress.
We will not lose our constitutional reproductive rights at the local, state, and federal levels if we fight back, beginning here in the District of Columbia. Please come and join the Speak-Out.
Click here to view the full flyer for the event.
Remembering D.C.s Native Son Senator Edward Brooke
Last week, I had the honor of giving remarks at the funeral service of Massachusetts Senator Edward Brooke,
along with Secretary of State John Kerry and members of Alpha Phi Alpha, the senators fraternity.
The service at the National Cathedral for the nations first popularly elected African American senator had special meaning for District of Columbia residents because Senator Brooke was a native son and a graduate of Dunbar High School.
After my bill awarding him the Congressional Gold Medal passed, Senator Brooke came back to D.C. to receive it in the Capitol Rotunda from House and Senate leadership.
He spoke to senators and helped us in passing the D.C. House Voting Rights Act in the Senate and House.
Not only was the Washington National Cathedral filled with public officials, dignitaries, and D.C. residents, but hundreds also came to pay their respects to Edward Brooke and his historic legacy at Arlington Cemetery, in pouring rain, where he was buried with full military honors.
As residents strive for statehood, we will always honor the man born 95 years ago in segregated Washington, D.C., which had no local government or member of Congresswho went on to cast votes in the U.S. Senate for the State of Massachusetts.
Our city will never forget him, just like he never forgot D.C.
Another Embarrassing Incident Involving Secret Service Agents Demonstrates Need to Address Overburdened Officers
U.S. Secret Service agents crashed into White House security barricades in a reported alcohol-related car accident on March 4.
This incident is beyond unacceptable for employees tasked with the most important mission in the federal government: protecting the President of the United States and his family.
Over the past few years, we have seen an unprecedented number of behavior-related incidents involving Secret Service agents.
We have to ask ourselves: beyond obvious leadership issues, why are these incidents continuing to occur?
The recent Secret Service Protective Mission Panels report warns that in addition to the issues cited by the House Oversight and Government Reform Committee, agents are working unsustainable hours with few days off, and recommends immediately hiring an additional 85 special agents and 200 Uniformed Division officers as a first step.
Agents are currently working 12-hour shifts with fewer days off due to an increasing number of missions without additional resources.
Agents are never justified in bad behavior.
However, we must widen our scope beyond the leadership to the men and women who do the actual daily work.
I hope to get insights at a Secret Service classified congressional briefing, which I have requested, and should take place soon.
Hitting Back Against Conservative Groups Seeking to Interfere with D.C.s Anti-Discrimination Laws
The Heritage Foundation and its social conservative allies last week called on Congress to overturn two anti-discrimination bills transmitted to Congress for the congressional review by the D.C. Council.
The Reproductive Health Non-Discrimination Amendment Act prohibits D.C. employers from discriminating against employees based on their personal reproductive health decisions, and the Human Rights Amendment Act protects lesbian, gay, bisexual and transgender D.C. students from discrimination.
In this country, we have finally arrived at the point where an employer cannot inquire about an employees reproductive health care, and where a school cannot discriminate against its own students because of their sexual orientation.
We will not tolerate outright disregard for the Districts right to self-government.
I am already working with a broad coalition of local and national organizations to defend D.C.s local anti-discrimination laws from congressional interference.
Dont forget to attend the Protecting Reproductive Choice Roundtable-Speak-Out on Tuesday, March 24! (See top)
doctype html
Congresswoman Nortons e-Newsletter
Tuesday, March 17, 2015
Event Next Week: Tuesday, March 24
Womens History Month Roundtable-Speak-Out
On the Offensive: Protecting Reproductive Choice Against State and Federal Attacks
George Washington University Hospital Auditorium
900 23 rd
St. NW
6:30 p.m.
8:30 p.m.
On March 24, I will host a
Womens History Month public Roundtable-Speak-Out
featuring a presiding panel of pro-choice leaders with Speak-Out witnesses who know what it would mean to lose choice.
Womens reproductive rights are protected by the Constitution, but their choices are
being steadily and significantly eroded by some states and by the Congress.
We will not lose our constitutional reproductive rights at the local, state, and federal levels if we fight back, beginning here in the District of Columbia. Please come and join
the Speak-Out.
Click here to view the full flyer for the event.
Remembering D.C.s Native Son Senator Edward Brooke
Last week,
I had the honor of giving remarks at the funeral service
of Massachusetts Senator Edward Brooke,
along with Secretary of State John Kerry and members of Alpha Phi Alpha, the senators fraternity.
The service at the National Cathedral
for the nations first popularly elected African American senator had special meaning for District of Columbia residents because Senator Brooke was a native son and a graduate of Dunbar High School.
After my bill awarding him the Congressional Gold Medal
passed, Senator Brooke came back to D.C. to receive it in the Capitol Rotunda from House and Senate leadership.
He spoke to senators and helped us in passing the D.C. House Voting Rights Act in the Senate and House.
Not only was the Washington National Cathedral
filled with public officials, dignitaries, and D.C. residents, but hundreds also came to pay their respects to Edward Brooke and his historic legacy at Arlington Cemetery, in pouring rain, where he was buried with full military honors.
As residents strive
for statehood, we will always honor the man born 95 years ago in segregated Washington, D.C., which had no local government or member of Congresswho went on to cast votes in the U.S. Senate for the State of Massachusetts.
Our city will never forget him,
just like he never forgot D.C.
Another Embarrassing Incident Involving Secret Service Agents Demonstrates Need to Address Overburdened Officers
U.S. Secret Service agents crashed into White House security
barricades in a reported alcohol-related car accident on March 4.
This incident is beyond unacceptable for employees tasked with the most important mission in the federal government: protecting the President of the United States and his family.
Over
the past few years, we have seen an unprecedented number of behavior-related incidents involving Secret Service agents.
We have to ask ourselves: beyond obvious leadership issues, why are these incidents continuing to occur?
The recent Secret Service Protective
Mission Panels report warns that in addition to the issues cited by the House Oversight and Government Reform Committee, agents are working unsustainable hours with few days off, and recommends immediately hiring an additional 85 special agents and 200 Uniformed
Division officers as a first step.
Agents are currently working 12-hour shifts with fewer days off due to an increasing number of missions without additional resources.
Agents are never justified in bad behavior.
However, we must widen our scope beyond
the leadership to the men and women who do the actual daily work.
I hope to get insights at a Secret Service classified congressional briefing, which I have requested, and should take place soon.
Hitting Back Against Conservative Groups Seeking to Interfere with D.C.s Anti-Discrimination Laws
The Heritage Foundation and its social conservative allies last week called on Congress to overturn two anti-discrimination bills transmitted to Congress for the congressional review by the
D.C. Council.
The Reproductive Health Non-Discrimination Amendment Act prohibits D.C. employers from discriminating against employees based on their personal reproductive health decisions, and the Human Rights Amendment Act protects lesbian, gay, bisexual
and transgender D.C. students from discrimination.
In this country, we have finally arrived at the point where an employer cannot inquire about an employees reproductive health care, and where a school cannot discriminate against its own students because
of their sexual orientation.
We will not tolerate outright disregard for the Districts right to self-government.
I am already working with a broad coalition of
local and national organizations to defend D.C.s local anti-discrimination laws from congressional interference.
Dont forget to attend the Protecting Reproductive Choice Roundtable-Speak-Out on Tuesday, March 24! (See top)
Thanks for subscribing!
Follow Congresswoman Norton on
Facebook ,
Twitter ,
Instagram ,
YouTube , or her
website
for more updates.
Capitol Hill Office
2136 Rayburn HOB
Washington, D.C. 20515
Phone: (202) 225-8050
Fax: (202) 225-3002
S.E. District Office
2041 Martin Luther King Jr. Ave., S.E.
Washington, D.C. 20020
Phone: (202) 678-8900
Fax: (202) 678-8844
Main District Office
90 K Street, N.E., Suite 100
Washington DC 20001
Phone: (202) 408-9041
Fax: (202) 408-9048
To unsubscribe from our list, please click here .
