
If you are
having trouble viewing this message or would like to share it on a
social network, you can
view
the message online .
About
Contact
Services
Media Center
Legislation
Issues
Resources
March 08, 2015
Friends,
Last week, I was honored to welcome Israeli Prime
Minister Netanyahu to a joint meeting of Congress. As the Prime Minister
entered the U.S. House chamber to deliver his speech, he received a warm
bipartisan welcome.
It was an incredible moment to experience,
and Im humbled that I was able to personally welcome the Prime
Minister and shake his hand as he worked his way down the aisle.
As
I sat on the House floor and listened to his message, I got the sense
that I was witnessing one of the great speeches of my
lifetime.
The Prime Ministers address was a tremendous opportunity for
the American people to hear from one of our greatest allies about the
threats to our security and our way of life.
Israel stands on
the front lines of our shared battle against radical Islamic terrorist
as the only true democracy in the Middle East. At a time when
terrorist organizations like ISIS and murderous regimes like Iran wreak havoc
through the region and threaten global security, America must lead.
Unfortunately, President Obama and his administration have not
done a credible job in demonstrating strength of conviction to
confront our enemies.
In stark contrast, Prime Minister Netanyahu is
a world leader who speaks with clarity about the nature of the enemy
and about the grave threats we
face.
As Prime Minister
Netanyahu warned Congress and the American people in his address, a
nuclear equipped Iran is the single greatest threat to our security.
Were talking about a country that is the number one state
sponsor of terrorism. Were talking about a country that today is
destabilizing the Middle East as it seeks to gain power, dominate this
volatile region and threaten Israel with annihilation. Were talking about
a country that is tarnished with countless brutal human rights
violations against its own people. If this isnt enough evidence to paint the
picture of Irans dangerous ambitions, take into consideration that
on February 25, Iran blew up a replica of an American aircraft carrier
in war
games.
Clearly, Iran is an
untrustworthy regime, and I fear that President Obamas naive approach has
emboldened Iran and further weakened the U.S.-Israeli relationship.
I strongly agree with the Prime Minister that our ability to
maintain peace and stability in the world hinges on our success at completely
halting Iran's quest to obtain nuclear weapons. Currently, six world
powers are in talks with Iran to reach a nuclear agreement.
As
Prime Minister Netanyahu said, the administration's deal being
brokered "doesn't block Iran's path to the bomb. It paves Iran's path to the
bomb."
Frankly, the stakes have never been higher. The
impending nuclear deal would allow Iran to maintain tens of thousands of
operating centrifuges and expand its capacity, providing it with a short
time to go from no nuclear weapons to an entire nuclear arsenal.
With little time to react, the U.S. and our allies would be caught
flatfooted and powerless to stop a nuclear arms race in the Middle
East.
Unfortunately, it appears the president is more
concerned with reaching a deal
any deal
than he is with stopping Iran
from acquiring a nuclear weapons capability. He has said the choice we
have before us is this deal or war, and that is simply not true.
The options before us are to accept this really horrible deal or we
double down on the sanctions, we get tough with Iran and we get a
better outcome by showing
strength.
Our nation faces a
serious challenge to ensuring the security of our nation, Israel and our
allies.
As your Representative, I'll continue to work with my
colleagues to stand with Israel and do whatever is within my power to
ensure Iran does not - and never will - develop nuclear
weapons.
Sincerely,
Richard Hudson
Member of Congress
(NC-08)
Concord Office
325 McGill Ave, NW
Suite
500
Concord, NC 28027
Phone: (704) 7861612
Rockingham Office
1015 Fayetteville Rd
Rockingham, NC
28379
Phone: (910) 9972070
Washington D.C. Office
429 Cannon HOB
Washington, DC
20515
Phone: (202) 2253715
Unsubscribe
|
Update My Profile
|
Privacy
Policy
