
March 20, 2015
IN THIS ISSUE:
Senator Collins Discusses Homeless Veterans, Choice Card, with VA
Secretary McDonald
Senator Collins Proposes Improved CGM Coverage For Medicare Patients
Senator Collins Leads Effort in Support of Maine's Tourism Industry
Meeting with Mainers
WEEKLY COLUMN
Beware of Tax Scams
By: Senator Susan Collins
With the tax filing season upon us, criminals posing as IRS officials
are increasing their attempts to defraud taxpayers, with seniors a
particular target. It is my hope that this column will provide seniors,
as well as their families and caregivers, the information they need to
avoid becoming a victim of these cruel scams.
As Chairman of the Senate Aging Committee, I oversee the Committee's
fraud hotline (toll-free, 1-855-303-9470), which has helped shed light
on a number of these scams, particularly phone scams. During the past
few weeks, the number of reports of fraudsters who call seniors
pretending to be IRS officials has soared. Through this scam, of which
there are multiple variations, criminals generally accuse the potential
victim of owing back taxes and penalties (most often erroneously). They
threaten retaliation, such as home foreclosure and even arrest, if
immediate payment is not made by a certified check, credit card, or
pre-paid debit card.
In one recent scam, a senior and disabled veteran in Maine received a
call from someone claiming to be a U.S. Department of Treasury
official. The caller told the would-be victim that he owed $2,400 in
back taxes and that if he did not immediately return the call of this
Treasury "official," he would be arrested. The scammer eventually
provided instructions to the would-be victim that included withdrawing
money from his account, or purchasing a pre-paid debit card to be
turned over to the con artist. Fortunately, the would-be victim became
suspicious of the situation and reported it to the Aging Committee
Fraud Hotline. But this scam is prevalent, and the tactics are typical
of many tax scams.
To read the rest of Senator Collins' weekly column click here
.
Senator Collins Discusses Homeless Veterans, Choice Card, with VA
Secretary McDonald
U.S. Senator Susan Collins met with Secretary of Veterans Affairs
Robert McDonald for an hour this week to discuss issues important to
Maine veterans, including homelessness and the 40-mile rule as it
relates to the Veterans Choice Card program.
Senator Collins approached Secretary McDonald about a proposed
partnership between the VA in Maine and Volunteers of America (VOA) to
provide housing for homeless veterans on a parcel of land at the Togus
VA hospital campus. The Department of Veterans Affairs and the
Department of Housing and Urban Development (HUD) have set a goal of
ending veteran homelessness by the end of this year. To achieve that
goal, however, continued investments are needed to meet the needs of
homeless veterans.
"Recently Veterans Service Organizations from Maine met with me to
explore the opportunity for the Togus campus to provide housing for
homeless veterans," Senator Collins said. "Since that time, I have
explored this concept with the HUD Secretary and today, with VA
Secretary McDonald, who has designated a top member of his team to work
on this issue."
To read the full press release click here
.
Senator Collins Proposes Improved CGM Coverage For Medicare Patients
U.S. Senator Susan Collins spoke from the Senate floor this week
regarding the introduction of legislation that would create a separate
benefit category under Medicare for the continuous glucose monitor
(CGM) and would require coverage of the device for individuals meeting
specified medical criteria.
To watch Senator Collins' floor speech click here
or
the play button above
A CGM is a physician-prescribed, FDA-approved medical device that can
provide real-time readings and data about trends in glucose levels
every five minutes, thus enabling someone with insulin-dependent
diabetes to eat or take insulin and prevent dangerously low or high
glucose levels.
Currently, however, insulin-dependent Medicare beneficiaries are being
denied coverage for CGMs because the Centers for Medicare and Medicaid
Services (CMS) has determined that they do not meet the Medicare
definition of durable medical equipment and do not fall under any other
Medicare category.
To read the full press release click here
.
This proposal came on the heels of Senator Collins calling for greater
communication between the FDA and CMS during a Senate Health,
Education, Labor and Pensions Committee Hearing. Senator Collins'
request was covered by Politico:
Hamburg: FDA should consult more with CMS
>From Politico Pro:
"Outgoing FDA Commissioner Margaret Hamburg expressed regret that her
agency did not consult with CMS significantly about payments for
FDA-approved drugs and devices, saying FDA should "look at the whole
ecosystem of medical product development.
"Her comments came in response to questioning at a Senate HELP
Committee hearing by Sen. Susan Collins, who urged FDA and CMS to
communicate about reimbursements for medical devices and the services
they provide. Collins specifically expressed concern about Medicare's
unwillingness to reimburse for continuous glucose monitoring.
"'The continuous glucose monitor is helping patients control blood
glucose levels and key to preventing costly, deadly diabetes
complications,' Collins said. 'FDA and NIH have been extremely
supportive of these innovations. That's why I was so surprised and
troubled that CMS decided it would not reimburse or pay for insulin
dependent beneficiaries to have continuous glucose monitors.'
"The 2015 Medicare Physician Fee schedule allows providers to bill for
the amount of time they spend reviewing reported data from devices like
continuous glucose monitors, but the reimbursement is minimal and can
only be requested once a month.
Hamburg said FDA works with CMS, but not enough. She said she wasn't
aware of the issue Collins raised.
"'There are discussions with CMS on various products. In our modern
world we need to do more of that," Hamburg said. 'I leave the FDA
feeling we haven't fully addressed this.'
"Hamburg said she hears from investors that it is often reimbursement,
not FDA processes that hurt developers when trying to get new products
to market. 'We need to get that right, and really take an ecosystem
approach,' she said."
Senator Collins Questions Secretary Castro About Waste, Fraud, and
Abuse at the Department of Housing and Urban Development
To watch Senator Collins' floor speech click here
or the play button above
During a recent hearing, Senator Collins expressed her frustration
regarding the waste, fraud, and abuse within the Department of Housing
and Urban Development (HUD).
Senator Collins questioned HUD Secretary Julian Castro about troubling
management practices and a lack of accountability within the department
that has led to suspended employees receiving performance bonuses and
cash awards.
The example that Senator Collins cited describes one employee managing
a trucking company while on the job as a HUD employee. While the
employee was eventually suspended for her actions, she was rewarded
with a performance bonus once she returned to work.
Senator Collins cited this example as a reason why morale is low within
the department and a major contributor to the frustration of
hardworking and talented employees who play by the rules.
Senator Collins Leads Effort in Support of Maine's Tourism Industry
U.S. Senators Susan Collins and Angus King announced this week that the
Department of Homeland Security (DHS) will resume processing of H-2B
visas.
H-2B visas, which certify immigrants to work temporarily in the United
States, are heavily relied upon in Maine's many tourism communities
that are in need of seasonal, temporary workers. Without these
employees, the current situation could have a detrimental effect on
Maine's economy in the upcoming heavy tourism season. Earlier this
month, the visa application process was put on hold following a
judgment from a U.S. District court in Florida against USDOL.
In response to this news, Senators Collins and King said, "This is
welcome news for the countless Maine employers who rely on H-2B workers
in their peak busy season. With this announcement, the unnecessary
repercussions to the state's economy will be minimal."
This action follows a letter
from
U.S. Senators Susan Collins and Angus King last week which urged the
U.S. Citizenship and Immigration Services (USCIS) and USDOL to resume
the processing of H-2B visas immediately. Senators Collins and King
also joined a bipartisan group of Senators in signing letters to
Department of Homeland Security Secretary Jeh Johnson
and
Department of Labor Secretary Thomas Perez
regarding this
same issue.
Senator Collins Celebrates Maine's Special Olympians
This week, Senator Collins met with Special Olympian Cole Shiers, his
sister Hallie, and his mother, Lisa Bard.
Cole attended Gorham High School and has been involved with Maine
Special Olympics for the past 15 years. Cole has participated in events
from bowling to flag football, and snowshoeing to swimming, but
basketball is his favorite.
Lisa, who serves on the Maine Special Olympics Board of Directors,
became the Gorham Special Olympic coach in 2006.
Congressional Delegation Joins Prince Charles for Coffee
Senator Collins joined several of her colleagues, Senators Ed Markey
(D-MA), Corey Gardner (R-CO), Robert Menendez (D-NJ), Tom Udall (D-NM),
Johnny Isakson (R-GA), Ben Cardin (D-MD) and Brian Schatz (D-HI), this
week for coffee with Prince Charles.
Meeting with Mainers
Senator Collins always makes time to meet individually with
constituents- either Mainers who are visiting Washington, D.C. or at
home in Maine.
She values hearing from Mainers on a wide range of topics. Here are a
few photos from recent meetings:
Top: Dennis King, Mary Jane Krebs, and Joyce Cotton
Middle: Barbara Swiderski, Susan Lawson, Shelley Knowlton
Bottom: Tom Moser and Family
OFFICE OF SENATOR SUSAN COLLINS
413 Dirksen Senate Office Building
Washington, D.C. 20510
Phone: (202) 224-2523
Fax: (202) 224-2693
To UNSUBSCRIBE, please click here
DEFAULT TABLE ATTRIBUTES ARE:
DEFAULT TD STYLE IS:
DEFAULT LEFT SIDEBAR IS:
DEFAULT RIGHT COLUMN IS:
Can't
see the images? Make sure your e-mail is set to download pictures in order to see the full content
of this e-newsletter.
March
20, 2015
IN
THIS ISSUE:
Senator Collins Discusses
Homeless Veterans, Choice Card, with VA Secretary McDonald
Senator Collins Proposes
Improved CGM Coverage For Medicare Patients
Senator Collins Leads Effort in Support of Maine's Tourism Industry
Meeting with Mainers
WEEKLY COLUMN
Beware of Tax Scams
By: Senator Susan Collins
With the tax filing season upon us, criminals posing as IRS officials are increasing
their attempts to defraud taxpayers, with seniors a particular target. It is my hope that this column
will provide seniors, as well as their families and caregivers, the information they need to avoid becoming
a victim of these cruel scams.
As Chairman of the Senate Aging Committee, I oversee the Committee&#8217;s fraud hotline (toll-free,
1-855-303-9470), which has helped shed light on a number of these scams, particularly phone scams. During
the past few weeks, the number of reports of fraudsters who call seniors pretending to be IRS officials
has soared. Through this scam, of which there are multiple variations, criminals generally accuse the
potential victim of owing back taxes and penalties (most often erroneously). They threaten retaliation,
such as home foreclosure and even arrest, if immediate payment is not made by a certified check, credit
card, or pre-paid debit card.
In one recent scam, a senior and disabled veteran in Maine received a call from someone claiming
to be a U.S. Department of Treasury official. The caller told the would-be victim that he owed $2,400
in back taxes and that if he did not immediately return the call of this Treasury &#8220;official,&#8221;
he would be arrested. The scammer eventually provided instructions to the would-be victim that included
withdrawing money from his account, or purchasing a pre-paid debit card to be turned over to the con
artist. Fortunately, the would-be victim became suspicious of the situation and reported it to the Aging
Committee Fraud Hotline. But this scam is prevalent, and the tactics are typical of many tax scams.
To read the rest of Senator Collins' weekly column click
here .
Senator
Collins Discusses Homeless Veterans, Choice Card, with VA Secretary McDonald
U.S. Senator Susan Collins met with Secretary of Veterans Affairs Robert McDonald for an hour this
week to discuss issues important to Maine veterans, including homelessness and the 40-mile rule as it
relates to the Veterans Choice Card program.
Senator Collins approached Secretary McDonald about a proposed partnership between the VA in Maine
and Volunteers of America (VOA) to provide housing for homeless veterans on a parcel of land at the Togus
VA hospital campus. The Department of Veterans Affairs and the Department of Housing and Urban Development
(HUD) have set a goal of ending veteran homelessness by the end of this year. To achieve that goal, however,
continued investments are needed to meet the needs of homeless veterans.
&#8220;Recently Veterans Service Organizations from Maine met with me to explore the opportunity
for the Togus campus to provide housing for homeless veterans,&#8221; Senator Collins said. &#8220;Since
that time, I have explored this concept with the HUD Secretary and today, with VA Secretary McDonald,
who has designated a top member of his team to work on this issue.&#8221;
To read the full press release click
here .
Senator Collins Proposes Improved CGM Coverage
For Medicare Patients
U.S. Senator Susan Collins spoke from the
Senate floor this week regarding the introduction of legislation that would create a separate benefit
category under Medicare for the continuous glucose monitor (CGM) and would require coverage of the device
for individuals meeting specified medical criteria.
To
watch Senator Collins' floor speech click
here
or the play button above
A CGM is a physician-prescribed, FDA-approved medical device that can provide real-time readings
and data about trends in glucose levels every five minutes, thus enabling someone with insulin-dependent
diabetes to eat or take insulin and prevent dangerously low or high glucose levels.
Currently, however, insulin-dependent Medicare beneficiaries are being denied coverage for CGMs
because the Centers for Medicare and Medicaid Services (CMS) has determined that they do not meet the
Medicare definition of durable medical equipment and do not fall under any other Medicare category.
To
read the full press release click
here .
This
proposal came on the heels of Senator Collins calling for greater communication between the FDA and CMS
during a Senate Health, Education, Labor and Pensions Committee Hearing. Senator Collins' request was
covered by Politico:
Hamburg:
FDA should consult more with CMS From Politico Pro :
"Outgoing
FDA Commissioner Margaret Hamburg expressed regret that her agency did not consult with CMS significantly
about payments for FDA-approved drugs and devices, saying FDA should &#8220;look at the whole ecosystem
of medical product development.
"Her comments came in response to questioning at a Senate HELP Committee hearing by Sen. Susan
Collins, who urged FDA and CMS to communicate about reimbursements for medical devices and the services
they provide. Collins specifically expressed concern about Medicare&#8217;s unwillingness to reimburse
for continuous glucose monitoring.
&#8220;'The continuous glucose monitor is helping patients control blood glucose levels and key
to preventing costly, deadly diabetes complications,' Collins said. 'FDA and NIH have been extremely
supportive of these innovations. That&#8217;s why I was so surprised and troubled that CMS decided it
would not reimburse or pay for insulin dependent beneficiaries to have continuous glucose monitors.'
"The 2015 Medicare Physician Fee schedule allows providers to bill for the amount of time they
spend reviewing reported data from devices like continuous glucose monitors, but the reimbursement is
minimal and can only be requested once a month. Hamburg said FDA works with CMS, but not enough.
She said she wasn&#8217;t aware of the issue Collins raised.
&#8220;'There are discussions with CMS on various products&#8230; In our modern world we need
to do more of that,&#8221; Hamburg said. 'I leave the FDA feeling we haven&#8217;t fully addressed this.' "Hamburg
said she hears from investors that it is often reimbursement, not FDA processes that hurt developers
when trying to get new products to market. 'We need to get that right, and really take an ecosystem approach,'
she said."
Senator
Collins Questions Secretary Castro About Waste, Fraud, and Abuse at the Department of Housing and Urban
Development
To
watch Senator Collins' floor speech click
here
or the play button above
During
a recent hearing, Senator Collins expressed her frustration regarding the waste, fraud, and abuse within
the Department of Housing and Urban Development (HUD).
Senator Collins questioned HUD Secretary Julian Castro about troubling management practices and
a lack of accountability within the department that has led to suspended employees receiving performance
bonuses and cash awards.
The example that Senator Collins cited describes one employee managing a trucking company while
on the job as a HUD employee. While the employee was eventually suspended for her actions, she was rewarded
with a performance bonus once she returned to work.
Senator Collins cited this example as a reason why morale is low within the department and a major
contributor to the frustration of hardworking and talented employees who play by the rules.
Senator
Collins Leads Effort in Support of Maine's Tourism Industry
U.S. Senators Susan Collins and Angus King announced this week that the Department of Homeland Security
(DHS) will resume processing of H-2B visas.
H-2B visas, which certify immigrants to work temporarily in the United States, are heavily relied
upon in Maine&#8217;s many tourism communities that are in need of seasonal, temporary workers. Without
these employees, the current situation could have a detrimental effect on Maine&#8217;s economy in the
upcoming heavy tourism season. Earlier this month, the visa application process was put on hold following
a judgment from a U.S. District court in Florida against USDOL.
In response to this news, Senators Collins and King said, &#8220;This is welcome news for the countless
Maine employers who rely on H-2B workers in their peak busy season. With this announcement, the unnecessary
repercussions to the state&#8217;s economy will be minimal.&#8221;
This action follows a
letter
from U.S. Senators Susan Collins and Angus King last week which urged the U.S. Citizenship and Immigration
Services (USCIS) and USDOL to resume the processing of H-2B visas immediately. Senators Collins and King
also joined a bipartisan group of Senators in signing letters to
Department of
Homeland Security Secretary Jeh Johnson
and
Department
of Labor Secretary Thomas Perez
regarding this same issue.
Senator
Collins Celebrates Maine's Special Olympians
This week, Senator Collins met with Special Olympian Cole Shiers, his sister Hallie, and his
mother, Lisa Bard.
Cole attended Gorham High School and has been involved with Maine Special Olympics for the past
15 years. Cole has participated in events from bowling to flag football, and snowshoeing to swimming,
but basketball is his favorite.
Lisa, who serves on the Maine Special Olympics Board of Directors, became the Gorham Special Olympic
coach in 2006.
Congressional
Delegation Joins Prince Charles for Coffee
Senator
Collins joined several of her colleagues, Senators Ed Markey (D-MA), Corey Gardner (R-CO),
Robert Menendez (D-NJ), Tom Udall (D-NM), Johnny Isakson (R-GA), Ben Cardin (D-MD) and Brian
Schatz (D-HI), this week for coffee with Prince Charles.
Meeting
with Mainers
Senator Collins always makes time to meet individually with constituents&#8212; either Mainers who
are visiting Washington, D.C. or at home in Maine.
She values hearing from Mainers on a wide range of topics. Here are a few photos from recent meetings:
Top:
Dennis King, Mary Jane Krebs, and Joyce Cotton
Middle: Barbara Swiderski, Susan Lawson, Shelley
Knowlton Bottom: Tom Moser and Family
OFFICE OF SENATOR SUSAN COLLINS
413 Dirksen Senate Office Building Washington,
D.C. 20510 Phone: (202) 224-2523 Fax: (202) 224-2693
To UNSUBSCRIBE,
please
click here
