
If you are having trouble viewing this
message or would like to share it on a social network, you can
view the message online .
HOME
NEWS
SERVICES
LEGISLATION
CONTACT
February 23, 2015
ISIS
As ISIS continues to terrorize and brutally kill innocent
people throughout the Middle East, the president has shown a stubborn
unwillingness to confront this threat with a realistic and cohesive
strategy. In typical fashion, the White House held a symposium this past
week named the Summit on Countering Violent Extremism
during which
the president made it clear that he believes the best way to counter
extremism is to win the hearts and minds through social media and
education. Targeting the impoverished or uneducated conditions that make it
easier for terrorist groups like ISIS to recruit is fine so long as
it is coupled with a plan to destroy the army that has amassed, invaded
and now controls large swaths of territory in Iraq and
Syria. ISIS and Islamic terrorists are not going to be impressed or intimidated
by symposiums and summits. Those who lead this army of murderers are
not going to be convinced that their ideology is misguided or that
they should abandon their intolerance for other religions or other ways
of life. The President needs to understand this and put forth a clear
plan to actually defeat the enemy, not just manage this
threat.
Senate Democrats
Blocking Homeland Security Funding
For several
weeks now, Democrats have been blocking the Senate from considering a
House-passed bill to fund the Department of Homeland Security. They are
refusing to even have a debate on the bill because it prohibits
President Obama from using funds to carry out his executive actions on
immigration
actions which, coincidentally, a federal judge in Texas this
past week issued an injunction to block. If our friends on the other
side of the aisle would allow debate on the bill to proceed, they could
offer an amendment to change the legislation and they would have the
opportunity to try and convince a majority of their colleagues that
the presidents actions are appropriate. And yet, they refuse to even
allow the Senate to take up the bill and have that debate.
The House of Representatives has done its job to fund every
major aspect of the Department of Homeland Security with the exception
of Obama's executive amnesty. Current funding ends this Friday,
February 27th. It is senseless and reckless for Senate Democrats
to refuse to allow debate on this bill to proceed. They are putting our
nations security in jeopardy.
Back Home In Georgia
This past
week I had the opportunity take part in a terrific panel
discussion with Senator Isakson hosted by the National Federation of
Independent Business (NFIB). Small businesses are the engines that drive our
economy, and we ought to do everything we can to ensure we encourage and
promote Americas innovative entrepreneurs.
Additionally, I had
the chance to meet with folks in our district office and to hear their
thoughts and concerns about the policy debates going on in Congress
today. Groups like the Georgia Alzheimers Association are doing
invaluable, compassionate work on behalf of so many. It is an honor to serve
all the families of Georgias Sixth District, and I encourage you to
always reach out to our office if we can be of service. You can find
us online at
Tom.House.Gov .
Please Feel Free to Tell a
Friend E-mail:
E-mail: E-mail:
Share on Facebook Share on Twitter
Washington DC Office
100 Cannon House Office Building
Washington DC 20515
Phone:
202-225-4501
Fax:
202-225-4656
District Office:
85-C Mill Street, Suite 300
Roswell, GA 30075
Phone:
770-998-0049
Fax: 770-998-0050
Internet:
Web:
http://tomprice.house.gov
E-mail:
E-mail Tom by clicking
here
Unsubscribe
|
Update My
Profile
|
Privacy Policy
gateway
mail end 