DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.0 Transitional//EN" "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml1/DTD/xhtml1-transitional.dtd"
If you are having trouble reading this email,
please view the web version .
Chairing the Human Rights Commission
Im proud to announce that this year Ive been appointed to serve as the Republican co-chair for the bipartisan Tom Lantos Human Rights Commission.
Ive served on the commission since its founding in 2008 and before that when it was the Human Rights Caucus. The commissions mission is to make human rights a priority in Congress and bring attention to those suffering under governments who trample on individual rights. The Democratic co-chair of the Commission, Rep. Jim McGovern (D-MA), is someone who Ive worked with for many years and look forward to sharing leadership with. To view my remarks from the House floor on the appointment,
CLICK HERE .
Student Loan Program Cost Taxpayers $22 Billion Last Year
Tucked away in the Presidents budget unveiled on Monday was a line item showing that taxpayers had lost nearly $22 billion on the student loan program. The Affordable Care Act contained the legislation enabling the government to takeover all student loans. According to the Congressional Budget Office, this was supposed to bring in $61 billion over ten years to pay for Obamacare. Now, because of President Obamas unilateral moves to change student loan payments, the program is losing money instead of paying money into the Treasury. Its yet another Obamacare budget gimmick that has proven to be hollow.
Bipartisan Legislation to Speed New Therapies Re-Introduced
This week, I re-introduced legislation to help speed new therapies to patients by giving the Drug Enforcement Agency a deadline to schedule substances. DEA bureaucrats have been waiting months before taking the Food and Drug Administrations advice on substances that may have addictive properties. This has held up new therapies for epilepsy patients and others. I introduced this bill with Rep. Frank Pallone (D-NJ) and Rep. Gene Green (D-TX), my new Democrat counterpart on the Health Subcommittee. Read more about the legislation
HERE .
Senate Democrats Wont Debate Homeland Security Bill
This week, the Senate tried three times to begin debate on the House-passed Department of Homeland Security Appropriations Bill. After years of blaming Republicans for being the party of no, Senate Democrats simply wont even discuss the House Homeland Security bill. While there are plenty of moderate Democrats who claimed that they were upset about the Presidents unilateral immigration orders, none have voted to consider the House bill. I hope that they will agree that this bill should be debated and amended if they dont agree with our provisions. Simply refusing to engage isnt an option.
Op-ed of the Week: Healthcare Groundhog Day
This week, groundhogs across the country like Octoraro Orphie and Punxsutawney Phil got dragged from their homes and made to look for their shadow. But Groundhog Day is now more than a large rodent predicting the weather. It is also a byword for doing the same thing over and over again because of the 1993 movie named for the day.
READ MORE
Facebook
Podcast
Tell Joe Your Opinion
Issues
The 16th District
Ask Joe For Help
The Government
Legislation
Press
About Joe Pitts
Photo Gallery
Please feel free to
forward this email to your friends and family .
Recent Videos
The Tenth Amendment
Rep. Pitts reads the Tenth Amendment as part of the House reading of the U.S. Constitution.
Obamacare Hurts Local Schools
Rep. Pitts speaks in support of the bill repealing Obamacare, noting that the bill is hurting local schools.
Washington, D.C. Office
420 Cannon House Office Building
Washington, DC 20515
(1st Street and Independence Avenue)
202-225-2411
202-225-2013 (fax)
Chester County Office
Post Office Box 837
Unionville, PA 19375
(Routes 82 and 926)
610-444-4581
610-444-5750 (fax)
Lancaster Office
150 North Queen Street
Suite 716 (7th floor)
Lancaster, PA 17603
717-393-0667
717-393-0924 (fax)
Click Here Click Here