DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.0 Transitional//EN" "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml1/DTD/xhtml1-transitional.dtd"
Share on:
News Brief
Message from Dave
Dear Friends,
I just returned from a successful congressional delegation trip to Singapore, Malaysia, and Japan with seven of my colleagues. On the trip, we focused on expanding key relationships, including our trade relationships with each of the countries.
For Washington, expanded trade means more opportunities to sell our products around the world while creating and supporting well-paying jobs at home and allowing our workers to provide for their families. The importance of trade to communities in Washington has become even more apparent in recent months due to the slowdown at the West Coast ports.
While we were in Japan, in particular, we also heard about the effects people around the world are feeling due to this slowdown. What began as an issue impacting the West Coast has spread across the country and now the globe. This is an issue I have been working on with my colleagues since last year. The ongoing negotiation between the Pacific Maritime Association and International Longshore and Warehouse Union is causing a loss of business for Americans all across the nation and impacting our trading partners who rely on our high-quality products. Last week, I
held a press conference
to highlight this issue as well as
introduced a resolution
in the House urging an end to the slowdown.
I will continue to urge both groups to resolve their differences and ask the Administration to remain involved until a settlement is reached.
Recently, I had the pleasure of being able to call and inform three Washington 8 th
Congressional District service academy nominees that they had received appointments to one of our service academies.
Jasmine Ye received an appointment at the United States Naval Academy, Dalton Stahl received his from the United States Military Academy at West Point and Christopher Darcy received one from the United States Air Force Academy. I could not be more proud of the service and hard work of these three young people, and I am excited to see what the future will bring for them.
Additionally, I hope you all are aware that we have begun taking submissions for the yearly Congressional Art Competition for high school students! We will be accepting submissions through April 10th and will hold receptions for participants on both sides of the mountains.
The winner of the competition is invited to attend a national reception in Washington, DC where he or she will be recognized before members of congress and the winning artwork will be displayed for one year in the U.S. Capitol.
This year, for the first time ever, we will also have a popular winner at both locations voted on by the audience. For more details on the competition, please
visit my website .
I hope youre enjoying the great weather and do not hesitate to contact my offices at any time.
Sincerely,
Dave
From the
NEWSROOM
Rep. Reichert is joined by other members of Congress to draw awareness to the situation at West Coast Ports and urge an end to the slowdown.
Representatives from
the groups HIPPY and Parents as Teachers came to the DC Office to thank Rep. Reichert for his work on maternal and child health visiting programs.
Other News:
-
Reichert Statement on Administration Intervention in West Coast Ports Shutdown
-
Reichert Applauds House Passage of Bill to Help Small Businesses, Create Jobs
-
Reichert, Schrader, Newhouse, Costa Drop Resolution to Urge End to Ports Slowdown
-
Reichert, Blumenauer Introduce Bill to Support Local Government Workers
-
Reichert: Weekend West Coast Ports Shutdown Threatens Future Certainty
-
Reichert, Kind Introduce Legislation to Foster Main Street Growth
-
Reichert, Schrader, and 80+ House Members Urge Ports Resolution
Website
|
Privacy
|
Contact
|
Multimedia
|
Newsroom
|
Click Here Click Here