
February 20, 2015
IN THIS ISSUE:
Senator Collins' Recess Schedule Takes Her to Five Counties in Maine
Senator Collins Visits Maine Air National Guard with Air Force Chief of
Staff
Small BREW Act and Maine's Family Farms
Senator Collins Meets with Aroostook Hospice Foundation
In the News: Senator Collins Has Never Missed a Roll Call Vote
Increased funding for Alzheimer's research is long overdue
Honoring Our Veterans
Go Black Bears!
WEEKLY COLUMN
Helping Small Businesses Brew Jobs and Economic Growth
By: Senator Susan Collins
As I travel throughout Maine, I am consistently impressed by the
energy, imagination, and commitment of our small business community.
>From technology to the arts, Maine entrepreneurs are strengthening our
economy and creating good jobs for the people of our State.
One of the exciting small-business growth sectors in Maine is craft
brewing. Our State is now home to more than 60 breweries that produce
more than 200 different varieties. Maine craft breweries employ more
than 1,400 people in jobs that will stay right here in Maine, jobs are
not going to be outsourced. These are small businesses in our
communities that are hiring people and making a difference.
Maine beer is shipped around the country and, increasingly, overseas.
It has developed a real following among connoisseurs who have come to
appreciate Maine quality and craftsmanship. This, in turn, has led to
new tourism opportunities as visitors are drawn to our State to sample
our delicious craft beers.
The rise of craft brewing is not just a Maine phenomenon. Nationally,
small and independent brewers employ more than 110,000 full and
part-time employees, generating more than $3 billion in wages and
benefits, and pay more than $2.3 billion in business, personal, and
consumption taxes. Craft beer now captures about 12 percent of the
total U.S. beer market, double the market share of just five years
earlier.
Congress can help create an environment that encourages job creation.
That is why I have introduced, along with Senator Ben Cardin of
Maryland, the Small Brewer Reinvestment and Expanding Workforce Act, or
Small BREW Act. My Maine colleague, Senator Angus King, is an original
co-sponsor of our bipartisan legislation.
To read the rest of Senator Collins' weekly column click here
.
Senator Collins' Recess Schedule Takes Her to Five Counties in Maine
This week, Senator Collins travelled throughout the State of Maine,
visiting five counties and making stops in towns from Caribou to
Portland. Senator Collins started her week by attending a UMaine
Women's Basketball game on Sunday in Orono and then travelled to
Aroostook County meeting with constituents in Presque Isle, Mapleton,
Caribou, Houlton, and Macwahoc. On Wednesday, Senator Collins was
joined by Air Force Chief of Staff, General Mark A. Welsh III, to visit
the Maine Air National Guard's 101st Air Refueling Wing in Bangor.
Before returning to Washington for the next work period, the Senator
will also attend scheduled constituent meetings and events in Augusta,
Portland, Lewiston, Auburn, Phillips, and Fairfield.
Senator Collins Visits Maine Air National Guard with Air Force Chief of
Staff
Senator Collins and Air Force Chief of Staff, General Mark A. Welsh
III, visited the Maine Air National Guard's 101st Air Refueling Wing in
Bangor. Senator Collins and General Welsh met with members of Air Wing
leadership, the MAINEiac team, and received a mission brief.
Senator Collins with General and Mrs. Welsh
Small BREW Act and Maine's Family Farms
On Monday, Senator Collins visited Buck Farms, a family-owned operation
in Mapleton that predominantly grows potatoes for McCain Foods and
recently started producing malted barley. The Buck family is a
sixth-generation farm family and in 2000 was named the Farm Family of
the Year by the Maine Potato Blossom Festival Committee.
Senator Collins and the Buck Family. From left to right: Barry,
Martha, Nick Powers, Malerie, Clarissa, MaryAnne, Kelsey, Senator
Collins, Jacob, Jack, Joshua, Carrlyn, Lauri, Caleb, Bruce, Chelsea,
Jared, Ryan Roberts, Felicia and Brent.
Back, left to right: Jared Buck, Brent Buck, Caleb Buck. Front, left to
right: Joshua Buck, Senator Collins, and Jacob Buck.
>From the Bangor Daily News
Letter to the Editor: Craft Beer Support
The craft beer industry in Maine is growing. More than 60 breweries are
licensed in Maine, and more Mainers are choosing to drink locally
brewed beers than ever before.
Today, there are very few brewers in the state who can meet the demand
for their product; in this capital-intensive business, brewers often
are unable to scale up fast enough. Something needs to be done, and
Maine's congressional delegation is answering the call.
On Wednesday, Sen. Susan Collins introduced a bill, the Small BREW Act,
which has the potential to accelerate the growth of the craft beer
industry, not only in Maine but nationwide. The Small BREW Act is a
measure that will recalibrate the federal excise taxes paid by small
brewers on the beer they produce, freeing up cash to be invested in the
growth of their breweries, add jobs and scale up to meet consumer
demand.
The Small BREW Act would directly and positively impact every brewery
in the state of Maine and is a top priority for our state's brewers.
Maine's craft beer brewers sell over $100 million worth of beer
annually, support more than 1,500 jobs and operate throughout Maine.
Growth of Maine's craft beer industry also benefits others: More Maine
farmers are growing hops and barley to sell to breweries, tradesmen are
hired to expand facilities and hotels and restaurants are benefitting
from the influx of beer tourists.
Tax recalibration for America's small brewers makes good sense for job
creation and will greatly benefit Maine.
Sean M. Sullivan
Executive Director
Maine Brewers' Guild
South Portland
Senator Collins Meets with Aroostook Hospice Foundation
This week, Senator Collins met with board members from the Aroostook
Hospice Foundation regarding plans to construct the Aroostook House of
Comfort. The House of Comfort would be Aroostook County's first
free-standing hospice facility and would provide support and care for
patients and their families.
>From the Bangor Daily News
At the End of Life, Hospice Care is There
..
On Monday, U.S. Sen. Susan Collins, chair of the Senate Special
Committee on Aging, was in northern Maine and met with members of the
Aroostook Hospice Foundation board of directors to discuss possible
funding options.
"We do have an older population in Aroostook and we have a lot of
seniors who are living far from family and who need help as they
approach the end of their lives," Collins said Tuesday.
Collins told me this week hospice care is something near and dear to
her heart.
"I was so impressed to learn of the plans for the Aroostook House of
Comfort," she said. "For those people who do not want to be in a
hospital surrounded by high-tech equipment and would rather be in a
home-setting surrounded by family, hospice is a Godsend."
While in Aroostook, Collins pledged to do what she could to help
Duncan's foundation locate grants and other sources of possible funding.
Collins' admiration of hospice is something I share.
..
The rest of the article is available here
.
In the News: Senator Collins Has Never Missed a Roll Call Vote
Senator Collins is the longest-serving member of the United States
Senate to never have missed a roll call vote. She has been present for
all 5,788 roll call votes that have occurred in the Senate since she
was sworn in to office in January 1997.
*
"The numbers ... are even more remarkable when you consider
that there is a member who hasn't missed a single vote since winning
her seat in 1997. That would be Sen. Susan Collins (R-Maine)." - The
Washington Post
In addition to not missing any roll call votes, Senator Collins
continues to return home to Maine for weekends and during congressional
recesses to meet with constituents, visit communities, businesses, and
schools throughout the state, and to spend time at her home in Bangor.
Increased Funding For Alzheimer's Research is Long Overdue
>From the Bangor Daily News
Alzheimer's disease has likely touched everyone in Maine, either
through a family member, friend or neighbor. Currently, 37,000 Mainers
are afflicted with the disease that has no cure and no true treatment.
The picture will get bleaker in the oldest state in the nation, with
the number of cases projected to double in the next 40 years.
Alzheimer's is a cruel disease that slowly robs people of their
memories and ability to do everyday tasks as simple as dressing and
eating. Spouses and children are cast into roles as caregivers, usually
with little training and support. The stress on family members can lead
to ill health, job loss and financial strain.
..
That's why a proposal from U.S. Sen. Susan Collins to double federal
funding for Alzheimer's research next year and raise it to $2 billion
within five years is timely.
"Alzheimer's is a devastating disease that takes a tremendous personal
and economic toll on both the individual and family and is now the
third leading cause of death in the U.S.," Collins, who chairs the
Senate Special Committee on Aging, said in a speech in the Senate last
week. "If we are to prevent Alzheimer's from becoming the defining
disease of the next generation, it is imperative that we dramatically
increase our investment in Alzheimer's research. Doing so will not just
save lives, it will save money."
..
To read the full editorial, click here
.
Honoring Our Veterans
On Tuesday, Senator Collins visited the residence of Henry and Maxine
Hunter in Macwahoc to present a United States flag to Mr. Hunter and
honor his service in World War II.
Mr. Hunter served on D-Day, where
he landed on Utah Beach, the Battle of Bulge, and was later wounded
while serving in Germany.
Senator Collins with Henry Hunter and his wife, Maxine.
Go Black Bears!
On Sunday, Senator Collins attended a UMaine women's basketball game
with retired UMaine Coach and Professor Walt Abbott (left) and her
husband, Tom Daffron (right).
OFFICE OF SENATOR SUSAN COLLINS
413 Dirksen Senate Office Building
Washington, D.C. 20510
Phone: (202) 224-2523
Fax: (202) 224-2693
To UNSUBSCRIBE, please click here
DEFAULT TABLE ATTRIBUTES ARE:
DEFAULT TD STYLE IS:
DEFAULT LEFT SIDEBAR IS:
DEFAULT RIGHT COLUMN IS:
Can't
see the images? Make sure your e-mail is set to download pictures in order to see the full content
of this e-newsletter.
February
20, 2015
IN
THIS ISSUE:
Senator Collins' Recess Schedule Takes
Her to Five Counties in Maine
Senator Collins Visits Maine Air National
Guard with Air Force Chief of Staff
Small
BREW Act and Maine's Family Farms
Senator Collins Meets with Aroostook Hospice
Foundation
In the News: Senator Collins Has Never
Missed a Roll Call Vote
Increased funding for Alzheimer&#8217;s
research is long overdue
Honoring Our Veterans
Go Black Bears!
WEEKLY COLUMN
Helping Small Businesses Brew Jobs and Economic Growth
By: Senator Susan Collins
As I travel throughout Maine, I am consistently impressed by the
energy, imagination, and commitment of our small business community. From technology to the arts, Maine
entrepreneurs are strengthening our economy and creating good jobs for the people of our State.
One of the exciting small-business growth sectors in Maine is craft brewing. Our State is now
home to more than 60 breweries that produce more than 200 different varieties. Maine craft breweries
employ more than 1,400 people in jobs that will stay right here in Maine, jobs are not going to be outsourced.
These are small businesses in our communities that are hiring people and making a difference.
Maine beer is shipped around the country and, increasingly, overseas. It has developed a real
following among connoisseurs who have come to appreciate Maine quality and craftsmanship. This, in turn,
has led to new tourism opportunities as visitors are drawn to our State to sample our delicious craft
beers.
The rise of craft brewing is not just a Maine phenomenon. Nationally, small and independent brewers
employ more than 110,000 full and part-time employees, generating more than $3 billion in wages and benefits,
and pay more than $2.3 billion in business, personal, and consumption taxes. Craft beer now captures
about 12 percent of the total U.S. beer market, double the market share of just five years earlier.
Congress can help create an environment that encourages job creation. That is why I have introduced,
along with Senator Ben Cardin of Maryland, the Small Brewer Reinvestment and Expanding Workforce Act,
or Small BREW Act. My Maine colleague, Senator Angus King, is an original co-sponsor of our bipartisan
legislation.
To read the rest of Senator Collins' weekly column click
here .
Senator Collins' Recess Schedule Takes
Her to Five Counties in Maine
This
week, Senator Collins travelled throughout the State of Maine, visiting five counties and making stops
in towns from Caribou to Portland. Senator Collins started her week by attending a UMaine Women's Basketball
game on Sunday in Orono and then travelled to Aroostook County meeting with constituents in Presque Isle,
Mapleton, Caribou, Houlton, and Macwahoc. On Wednesday, Senator Collins was joined by Air Force Chief
of Staff, General Mark A. Welsh III, to visit the Maine Air National Guard&#8217;s 101st Air Refueling
Wing in Bangor. Before returning to Washington for the next work period, the Senator will also attend
scheduled constituent meetings and events in Augusta, Portland, Lewiston, Auburn, Phillips, and Fairfield.
Senator
Collins Visits
Maine Air National Guard with Air Force Chief of Staff
Senator
Collins and Air Force Chief of Staff, General Mark A. Welsh III, visited the Maine Air National Guard&#8217;s
101st Air Refueling Wing in Bangor. Senator Collins and General Welsh met with members of Air Wing leadership,
the MAINEiac team, and received a mission brief.
Senator
Collins with General and Mrs. Welsh
Small
BREW Act and Maine's Family Farms
On
Monday, Senator Collins visited Buck Farms, a family-owned operation in Mapleton that predominantly grows
potatoes for McCain Foods and recently started producing malted barley. The Buck family is a sixth-generation
farm family and in 2000 was named the Farm Family of the Year by the Maine Potato Blossom Festival Committee.
Senator
Collins and the Buck Family. From left to right: Barry, Martha, Nick Powers, Malerie, Clarissa, MaryAnne,
Kelsey, Senator Collins, Jacob, Jack, Joshua, Carrlyn, Lauri, Caleb, Bruce, Chelsea, Jared, Ryan Roberts,
Felicia and Brent.
Back, left
to right: Jared Buck, Brent Buck, Caleb Buck. Front, left to right: Joshua Buck, Senator Collins,
and Jacob Buck.
From
the
Bangor
Daily News Letter
to the Editor: Craft Beer Support
The
craft beer industry in Maine is growing. More than 60 breweries are licensed in Maine, and more Mainers
are choosing to drink locally brewed beers than ever before.
Today, there are very few brewers in the state who can meet the
demand for their product; in this capital-intensive business, brewers often are unable to scale up fast
enough. Something needs to be done, and Maine&#8217;s congressional delegation is answering the call.
On Wednesday, Sen. Susan Collins introduced a bill, the Small BREW
Act, which has the potential to accelerate the growth of the craft beer industry, not only in Maine but
nationwide. The Small BREW Act is a measure that will recalibrate the federal excise taxes paid by small
brewers on the beer they produce, freeing up cash to be invested in the growth of their breweries, add
jobs and scale up to meet consumer demand.
The Small BREW Act would directly and positively impact every brewery
in the state of Maine and is a top priority for our state&#8217;s brewers.
Maine&#8217;s craft beer brewers sell over $100 million worth of
beer annually, support more than 1,500 jobs and operate throughout Maine. Growth of Maine&#8217;s craft
beer industry also benefits others: More Maine farmers are growing hops and barley to sell to breweries,
tradesmen are hired to expand facilities and hotels and restaurants are benefitting from the influx of
beer tourists.
Tax recalibration for America&#8217;s small brewers makes good sense
for job creation and will greatly benefit Maine.
Sean M. Sullivan
Executive Director
Maine Brewers&#8217; Guild
South Portland
Senator
Collins Meets with Aroostook Hospice Foundation
This
week, Senator Collins met with board members from the Aroostook Hospice Foundation regarding plans to
construct the Aroostook House of Comfort. The House of Comfort would be Aroostook County&#8217;s first
free-standing hospice facility and would provide support and care for patients and their families.
From
the
Bangor
Daily News At the End of Life,
Hospice Care is There
...
On
Monday, U.S. Sen. Susan Collins, chair of the Senate Special Committee on Aging, was in northern Maine
and met with members of the Aroostook Hospice Foundation board of directors to discuss possible funding
options.
&#8220;We do have an older population in
Aroostook and we have a lot of seniors who are living far from family and who need help as they approach
the end of their lives,&#8221; Collins said Tuesday.
Collins told me this week hospice care is something near and dear
to her heart.
&#8220;I was so impressed to learn of the plans for the Aroostook
House of Comfort,&#8221; she said. &#8220;For those people who do not want to be in a hospital surrounded
by high-tech equipment and would rather be in a home-setting surrounded by family, hospice is a Godsend.&#8221;
While in Aroostook, Collins pledged to do what she could to help
Duncan&#8217;s foundation locate grants and other sources of possible funding.
Collins&#8217; admiration of hospice is something I share.
...
The
rest of the article is available
here .
In
the News: Senator Collins Has Never Missed a Roll Call Vote
Senator
Collins is the longest-serving member of the United States Senate to never have missed a roll call vote.
She has been present for all 5,788 roll call votes that have occurred in the Senate since she was sworn
in to office in January 1997.
&#8220;The
numbers ... are even more remarkable when you consider that there is a member who hasn't missed a single
vote since winning her seat in 1997. That would be Sen. Susan Collins (R-Maine).&#8221; &#8211;
The
Washington Post
In
addition to not missing any roll call votes, Senator Collins continues to return home to Maine for weekends
and during congressional recesses to meet with constituents, visit communities, businesses, and schools
throughout the state, and to spend time at her home in Bangor.
Increased
Funding For Alzheimer&#8217;s Research is Long Overdue
From
the
Bangor
Daily News
Alzheimer&#8217;s
disease has likely touched everyone in Maine, either through a family member, friend or neighbor. Currently,
37,000 Mainers are afflicted with the disease that has no cure and no true treatment. The picture will
get bleaker in the oldest state in the nation, with the number of cases projected to double in the next
40 years.
Alzheimer&#8217;s is a cruel disease
that slowly robs people of their memories and ability to do everyday tasks as simple as dressing and
eating. Spouses and children are cast into roles as caregivers, usually with little training and support.
The stress on family members can lead to ill health, job loss and financial strain.
...
That&#8217;s why a proposal from U.S. Sen. Susan Collins to double
federal funding for Alzheimer&#8217;s research next year and raise it to $2 billion within five years
is timely.
&#8220;Alzheimer&#8217;s is a devastating
disease that takes a tremendous personal and economic toll on both the individual and family and is now
the third leading cause of death in the U.S.,&#8221; Collins, who chairs the Senate Special Committee
on Aging, said in a speech in the Senate last week. &#8220;If we are to prevent Alzheimer&#8217;s from
becoming the defining disease of the next generation, it is imperative that we dramatically increase
our investment in Alzheimer&#8217;s research. Doing so will not just save lives, it will save money.&#8221;
...
To
read the full editorial, click
here .
Honoring
Our Veterans
On Tuesday, Senator Collins visited the residence of Henry and
Maxine Hunter in Macwahoc to present a United States flag to Mr. Hunter and honor his service in
World War II.
Mr. Hunter served on D-Day, where he landed on Utah Beach, the Battle
of Bulge, and was later wounded while serving in Germany.
Senator
Collins with Henry Hunter and his wife, Maxine.
Go Black Bears!
On Sunday, Senator Collins attended a UMaine women's basketball game
with retired UMaine Coach and Professor Walt Abbott (left) and her husband, Tom Daffron
(right).
OFFICE OF SENATOR SUSAN COLLINS
413
Dirksen Senate Office Building
Washington, D.C. 20510
Phone: (202) 224-2523
Fax: (202) 224-2693
To UNSUBSCRIBE,
please
click here
