DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.0 Transitional//EN" "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml1/DTD/xhtml1-transitional.dtd"
District Update | February 13, 2015
Click here
if you have trouble viewing this email
Dear Friends,
This weekend, ships that represent the strength and vitality of American commerce will sit idly in the Pacific Ocean as far as the eye can see. These ships and their crews have nowhere to go as the ports of Los Angeles and Long Beach, which handle 40 percent of U.S. imports alone, are currently closed for business through Monday.
Labor negotiations between the Pacific Maritime Association and the International Longshore and Warehouse Union have broken down, which has led to the temporary shutdown of 29 ports on the West Coast and the sidelining of 20,000 workers from doing their jobs.
The importance of these ports and the goods that pass through them cant be understated. A combined $1 trillion worth of goods a year move through these shipping bays that will remain unused this weekend. Its estimated that our country loses $2 billion of economic activity each day the ports are closed, and the small businesses in Southern California that use the ports to export their goods are now left high and dry.
President Obama has the option to end an extended shutdown, should one occur, by invoking the Taft-Hartley Act and ending a lockout. While it is my hope that this is not needed, I strongly urge the President to weigh in on the dispute as the economic well-being of so many Americans hangs in the balance.
I'm in contact with both sides of the dispute and continue to urge them to reach a resolution. Its time to get these ships moving again. Its time to get our economy moving again.
Sincerely,
Ed Royce
News for Feb. 6 - Feb. 13, 2015
Chairman Royce Convenes Hearing on the Growing Strategic Threat of ISIS
This week,
Rep. Royce, Chairman of the House Foreign Affairs Committee, convened a hearing to examine the threat of ISIS.
The hearing, entitled
The Growing Strategic Threat of ISIS , is the first in the Committees review of the Presidents request for authorization to use military force against ISIS.
In his
opening remarks , Chairman Royce said:
"Over the past twelve months
through a dozen or so hearings
weve seen the ISIS threat only grow.
Three American hostages - including Kayla Mueller
have been killed.
ISIS has beheaded two Japanese hostages and immolated a downed Jordanian pilot for the world to see.
The group occupies territory the size of Great Britain, holds an estimated $2 billion in assets, and is believed to be the most well-funded terror group in history.
ISIS has used the virtual caliphate to recruit foreign fighters at an unprecedented rate.
Some 20,000 foreign fighters from more than 90 countries now make up its ranks.
According to intelligence estimates, this includes at least 3,400 from the West and more than 150 Americans.
Over the past year, the Committee has pressed the Obama Administration to intensify and accelerate its response.
Some pieces are being put together.
But too slowly.
Of a sixty-member coalition, about 85 percent of all airstrikes are from U.S. fighter jets.
And this air campaign isnt pummeling the enemy as it should."
Watch Rep. Royce Call for West Coast Port Shutdown Resolution
Rep. Royce joined colleagues from both parties to call for a quick resolution to labor negotiations between the International Longshore and Warehouse Union and Pacific Maritime Association to avoid a long-term West Coast port shutdowns. The ports of Los Angeles and Long Beach alone handle 40% of all U.S. imports and employ thousands of Californians.
Click
here
or on the image above to watch Rep. Royce.
House members call for swift resolution of West Coast port dispute
A bipartisan group of House members on Thursday called for a "swift resolution" of the labor dispute at West Coast ports, warning that the cargo buildup and partial shutdowns were hurting businesses and posed a major risk to the U.S. economy.
"We believe this is the greatest threat our nation faces right now," said Rep. Kurt Schrader (D-Ore.), who said businesses in his district have laid off workers because goods are not moving through the ports.
He and 15 House colleagues, including Majority Leader Kevin McCarthy (R-Bakersfield), held a news conference highlighting the damage the dispute is causing in their districts.
They called on both sides to quickly end their nine-month negotiations and reach a contract agreement. If they can't, President Obama should intervene to get the ports fully functioning, the lawmakers said.
The ports of Los Angeles and Long Beach, along with other West Coast ports, will be partially shut down through Monday because shipping companies and terminal operators don't want to pay overtime to workers who they said were deliberately slowing operations.
The union denied its members were deliberately slowing operations.
The Pacific Maritime Assn., the employer group representing the shipping companies, and the International Longshore and Warehouse Union have been without a contract since July.
About 89 House members recently sent a letter to the heads of the association and union urging them to quickly resolve their differences. And the lawmakers hoped to get the House to approve a resolution Thursday with the same message.
Rep. Ed Royce (R-Fullerton)
warned
that layoffs at U.S. businesses soon would spread if the dispute isn't settled. And a long-term port shutdown would be a "lose-lose" situation for the longshoremen, the ports and the economy.
Read more
Royce Office Hosts Military Academy Night in March
Every year, Rep. Royce has the privilege of nominating high school students from California's 39th Congressional District to our nation's prestigious military academies.
This March, his staff will host a "Military Academy Night" that will serve as an informational session for students and parents interested in learning more about the application and nomination process. Past graduates from the academies and official liaison officers will also be on hand. Event details are below:
Date: Monday, March 16th
Time: 7:00 PM - 9:00 PM
Location: Buena Park City Hall
6650 Beach Blvd.
Buena Park, CA 90622
For more details or to RSVP, contact Stephanie Hu at:
(626) 964-5123 or
Stephanie.Hu@mail.house.gov .
CONNECT
Facebook
Youtube
ORANGE COUNTY OFFICE
210 W. Birch Street, Ste 201
Brea, CA 92821
T (714) 255-0101
LOS ANGELES COUNTY OFFICE
1380 S. Fullerton Road, Suite 205
Rowland Heights, CA 91748
T (626) 964-5123
WASHINGTON, DC OFFICE
2310 Rayburn House Office Building
Washington, DC 20515
T (202) 225-4111
UPDATE SUBSCRIPTION OPTIONS
|
PRIVACY POLICY
|
CONTACT US
Click Here Click Here