
Can't see the pictures? Select "Always display images" or
view this message in your browser .
Stand for Tibet
We Will Stand
It is was an honor to join with members of San Franciscos proud Asian American and Pacific Islander community, who have long been steadfast advocates for justice, human rights, and peace here in the United States and throughout the world, for the 56th Annual Commemoration of the Tibetan National Uprising Day.
For the past 56 years, people around the world have commemorated the Tibetan National Uprising by marching, advocating, and rallying on behalf of the Tibetan people. As we commemorate the sacrifices made by those Tibetans over half a century ago, let us also remember the women, men and children who hike across the frigid peaks of the Himalayas in search of freedom. Let us honor them by continuing to advocate for freedom and justice in Tibet.
Thank you for your courage, your advocacy, your energy, and your leadership.
#MarchOn
Last Saturday, I was honored to
join more than 100 of my Congressional colleagues
on the Edmund Pettus Bridge to pay tribute to the 50th anniversary of the historic Marches from Selma to Montgomery. The courage of hundreds of marchers to cross the bridge and face tear gas and night sticks wielded by Alabama state troopers, paved the way for the landmark Voting Rights Act of 1965. The pivotal legislation is responsible for much of the progress that has been made to outlaw discriminatory voting practices across America over the last 50 years.
Congresswoman Pelosi joins Congressman John Lewis,
Congressional colleagues and civil rights leaders
to honor the 50th anniversary of the equal rights
marches from Selma to Montgomery .
Local Treasure
Our nations oceans and coasts are among our greatest ecological treasures.
The decision by President Obama to expand the Gulf of the Farallones and Cordell Bank National Marine Sanctuaries will more than double the size of each sanctuary and ensure new protection of more than 2,000 square nautical miles of biologically productive, nutrient-rich waters in a globally significant coastal upwelling zone. This success
is the culmination of more than a decade of effort led by my former colleague Lynn Woolsey as well as our Senator, Barbara Boxer. Our nation is honored to have public servants like Lynn Woolsey, who fight so passionately and persistently to protect the health of our oceans. Together, we will continue to act to secure God's beautiful creation for generations to come.
Congresswoman Nancy Pelosi joins with Mayor Ed Lee
and leaders from the San Francisco housing community
on Wednesday to celebrate the grand opening ceremony
of Edward II Housing, a supportive housing building
for youth at risk of homelessness in SF.
Please feel free to
forward this information to your family and friends . To learn more about these efforts, to express your views, or to sign up for email updates,
please visit my website .
best regards,
This mailing was prepared, published and mailed at taxpayer expense
Unsubscribe
WASHINGTON, DC
233 Cannon HOB
Washington, DC 20515
Phone: (202) 225-4965
Map it!
DISTRICT OFFICE
90 7th Street, Suite 2-800
San Francisco, CA 94103
Phone: (415) 556-4862
Map it!
