 Mail begin
If you are having trouble viewing this
message or would like to share it on a social network, you can
view the message online .
HOME
ABOUT ME
CONTACT ME
SERVING YOU
MEDIA
CENTER
OUR DISTRICT
RESOURCES
March 09, 2015
Joining Civil Rights Leaders in Selma
Congressman Yoder and his wife Brooke with Civil
Rights pioneer and Congressman John Lewis (D-GA).
This
weekend, I was honored to represent Kansas voices in joining civil
rights leaders and Members of Congress on a pilgrimage to Selma, Alabama to
commemorate the 50th anniversary of the historic march for voting
rights on the Edmund Pettus Bridge. In the spirit of unity, Americans of
all races, cultures, and religions joined hand in hand and arm in arm
with civil rights leaders who led the march 50 years ago as we walked
across the bridge once again. It was inspiring to meet these
courageous leaders and hear the first hand stories of the brutality they faced
and the courage it took to stand up for civil rights and justice for
all.
Congressman Yoder
with Congressman Tom Reed (R-NY), actor Danny Glover, and Senator Tim
Scott (R-SC).
Two American presidents, almost 100 members
of Congress, religious leaders, activists, and celebrities alike all
took part to commemorate the actions of civil rights leaders and
ensure that this pivotal chapter in American history is never
forgotten.
We've come a long way since 1965, but we must continue to
be ever vigilant in our enduring commitment to the civil rights of
every American.
Click here to visit the
Kansas City
Star
for more coverage.
Netanyahu
Addresses Joint Session of Congress
It was an honor to
welcome Israeli Prime Minister Netanyahu to Washington for his address
before Congress last week. Israel is our closest ally in the Middle
East, and one of our most vital allies across the globe. Maintaining a
strong relationship between our two nations is of the utmost
importance.
Prime Minister Netanyahu spoke of
his profound obligation to reiterate his grave concerns regarding the
Administrations negotiations with Iran and its nuclear program. Iran
and the other bad actors it supports in the region continue to
threaten Israel every day. I share those concerns because no nation and no
people should have to be faced with imminent attack at any moment. I
also share those concerns because, ultimately, any threat posed to Israel
as the only free, democratic state in the Middle East is a threat to
the United States as the beacon of freedom and democracy around the
world.
C lick here to watch a YouTube video of Prime
Minister Netanyahu's full speech.
As he noted in
his remarks, we must all stand together to stop Irans march of
conquest, subjugation, and terror. Unfortunately, I fear the
Administrations negotiations are poised to put Iran on the path towards nuclear
proliferation. The proposed agreement would allow Iran to continue to
assert the right to enrich uranium, spin thousands of centrifuges, and
grow its intercontinental ballistic missile
program.
Though no one from the Administration gave Prime
Minister Netanyahu the courtesy of attendance at the speech, I hope that it
will heed his warnings and live up to its repeated assertion that no
deal is better than a bad deal. Rather than threatening a veto of new
sanctions, the Administration should be working with bipartisan
coalitions in Congress to keep the pressure on the Iranian
Regime.
Congressman
Yoder addressing members of the Kansas delegation of AIPAC shortly
after Prime Minister Netanyahu's speech.
Supporting the Full Enforcement of Our Immigration Laws
We are a nation of laws, and respect for the rule of law is one
of the hallmarks of our great country. The President's refusal to
faithfully execute federal laws on the books should be rejected by
Americans in both political parties.
Last week, I opposed the
Senate's amended version of
HR
240 - the Department of Homeland Security Appropriations
Act , that would allow the President to carry out his campaign to ignore
federal law and breach the trust given to government by the American
people. As I have maintained throughout this fight, we must fully fund
our homeland security and that includes the funding of all
immigration enforcement laws.
This bill did not meet that standard, as
it fully funds President Obama's unconstitutional executive order
granting amnesty to millions of illegal immigrants.
Women's History Month
March is Women's History
Month, where we celebrate American women's contributions to our history,
culture, and society.
The celebration grew out of a weeklong
celebration of women's achievements in a school district in Sonoma,
California in 1978. Two years later in 1980, President Jimmy Carter issued
a presidential proclamation declaring the week of March 8th National
Women's History Week. The following year, Congress passed a resolution
to establish a national celebration, and six years later expanded it
to a month.
Ending Taxpayer Bailouts for Amtrak
Last
week, I voted against
HR
749 - the Passenger Rail Reform and Investment Act , which
reauthorizes federal funding to subsidize the Amtrak rail system.
Amtrak is a corporation whose stock is almost entirely owned by the federal
government, and the current system provides no incentive for Amtrak
to improve its performance because it knows that every year it will
receive a taxpayer bailout for its losses. This year alone, Amtrak is
projected to run an operating loss of $289.6 million. It is yet another
example of government picking winners and losers, which I cannot
support.
American Institute of Architects Braves Snow,
Visits DC
Thank you to the Kansas branch of the
American Institute of Architects for making the trip out to DC in the
snowstorm. Since I made it back to Kansas on an evening flight the night
before, we met via video conference from my office in Overland Park.
Special thanks to Dale Duncan of Olathe from the Spencer C. Duncan Make It
Count Foundation for leading the group.
Fact of the Week
Americans' support for
Israel has reached
the highest level in
15 years . Particularly with individuals over the age of 50, whose
support has reached 69%.
Summer Congressional
Intern Application
Washington,
DC
In my Washington, DC office,
internships run throughout the fall, spring or summer semesters for
college students. The hours are flexible to accommodate students' hectic
course schedules, but generally run 9:00 a.m. to 6:00 p.m. when Congress
is in session, and 9:00 a.m. to 5:00 p.m. when not in
session.
Our Washington interns will be exposed to a
wide range of activities on Capitol Hill. They will be asked to
answer phones, research legislation for the Congressman and staff, attend
hearings and briefings, and answer constituent letters on various
issues before the House of Representatives. Interns will need to be able to
communicate professionally, balance multiple tasks at once, and have
a teachable attitude. As a result, interns will learn about the
legislative process, the various functions of a Congressional office, and
the way things work on Capitol Hill.
It is an invaluable
opportunity for both educational and professional
development.
Kansas
In my Kansas office, interns may be asked to do a variety of
things, including day-to-day office work such as answering phones,
writing letters and assisting with media clips. In addition, interns may
be assigned to assist in various constituent case work or work on
District-based projects of importance. All internships are
unpaid.
CLICK HERE TO APPLY
Legislative Look
Ahead
The House of Representatives will not be in session
this week.
Weekly Legislative Wrap
Up
MONDAY, MARCH 2ND
H.R. 294
Long-Term Care Veteran Choice Act
PASSED 405
0 (YES)
H.R. 280
To authorize the Secretary of
Veterans Affairs to recoup bonuses and awards paid to employees of
the Department of Veterans Affairs. -
PASSED VOICE
(YES)
TUESDAY, MARCH
3RD
MOTION TO TABLE THE SENATE
AMENDMENT TO H.R. 240
Department of Homeland Security
Appropriations for FY 2015
REJECTED 140
278
(YES)
MOTION TO RECEDE AND CONCUR IN THE SENATE
AMENDMENT TO H.R. 240
Department of Homeland Security Appropriations
for FY 2015
ADOPTED 257
167
(NO)
WEDNESDAY, MARCH
4TH
H.R.
749
- Passenger Rail Reform and Investment Act -
PASSED
316
101 (NO)
Staff Community
Office Hours
My staff can assist you from 8:00 AM - 5:00 PM,
Monday through Friday in my Overland Park Office. They can help with
any issues or concerns, as well as to provide assistance with federal
agencies and programs, including Veterans' Affairs, Medicare, Social
Security, Passports, and Visas.
Also,
we periodically have Staff Community Office Hours throughout the
district. If you are unable to visit my office, please consider coming to
the following location if it is more convenient for
you:
12:00 PM - 1:00 PM on March
24
Kansas City, Kansas Public Library
Main
Branch
625 Minnesota Avenue
Kansas City, Kansas
66101
3:30 PM - 5:00 PM on April
29
Blue
Valley Library
9000 W. 151st Street
Overland
Park, Kansas 66221
Tell a Friend
E-mail:
E-mail:
E-mail:
Please click below to
follow me on Twitter, Facebook, Instagram and YouTube.
Washington, DC
215 Cannon
HOB
Washington, DC 20515
Phone: (202) 225-2865
Hours: Monday-Friday
9:00AM -6:00PM EST
Overland
Park
7325 W. 79th St.
Overland Park, KS 66204
Phone: (913)
621-0832
Fax: (913) 621-1533
Hours: Monday-Friday
8:00AM
-5:00PM CST
Unsubscribe
|
Update My Profile
|
Privacy Policy
