DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.0 Transitional//EN" "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml1/DTD/xhtml1-transitional.dtd"
March 20, 2015
Visit My Website
|
Forward to a Friend
| Find me on:
Taking Action to Protect Children from Identity Theft
Child identity theft is a serious problem in our nation and
current policy does not do enough to protect our children and
grandchildren. That is why I have introduced the
Social Security Child Protection Act .
This bipartisan legislation makes it easier for children age 13 and
under to be assigned a new Social Security Number if their existing
number has been stolen or inadvertently disclosed.
The Social Security
Administration (SSA) currently requires a person whose Social Security
Number has been stolen or compromised to wait until there is evidence of
misuse before a new number may be issued. This leaves children
especially vulnerable because abuse resulting from child identity theft
can take months or even years to uncover.
Unlike existing policy, which
essentially requires a crime to be committed before action is taken, my
Social Security Child Protection Act
takes proactive steps to help keep our children safe. If a childs
social security number is stolen or inadvertently disclosed, SSA would be able assign a new number before a child's identity is criminally exploited.
You can
read more about the
Social Security Child Protection Act
here .
Congratulations to Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu
Following the Israeli election this past week, I joined nearly 200 of my colleagues in congratulating Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu for his partys victory and expressing our commitment to a strong U.S.-Israel relationship. Although Netanyahu has not yet been formally declared Israels Prime Minister, the Israeli people have once again given his Likud Party a parliamentary majority. This strongly suggests he will remain the Israeli Head of State.
The text of the letter can be read below. To view an online version that includes all of the signatures, please click
here .
Stopping the "Ambush Election Rule"
I voted to put a stop to a rule by the National Labor Relations Board (NLRB) that makes sweeping changes to the policies that govern union elections. The NLRBs ambush election rule, as it as commonly referred to, suppresses employer free speech, restricts worker choice, and even jeopardizes the privacy of workers and their families.
The bill passed this week blocks the NLRBs ambush election rule and preserves the union election polices that have served employers and their workers well for decades. With the Senate having passed the same resolution earlier this month, the bill now heads to the presidents desk.
To view the recorded vote, please click
here . More information about the NLRBs ambush election rule can be found
here .
Congressional Art Competition
Open to all High School Students of the 24th District
Submissions due by April 13, 2015
- click
here
for more information -
Click the "Like" button and follow me on Facebook to get daily updates on how I am serving you and the 24th District of Texas.
It is an honor to represent you in Washington and I value your input. Please don't hesitate to contact one of my offices or
send me an email .
UPDATE SUBSCRIPTION OPTIONS
|
PRIVACY POLICY
|
CONTACT US
