 Mail begin
If you are having trouble viewing this message or
would like to share it on a social network, you can
view the message online .
HOME
ABOUT ME
CONTACT ME
SERVING YOU
MEDIA
CENTER
OUR DISTRICT
RESOURCES
March 16, 2015
Passing a Long-Term Highway Bill
In May,
the temporary funding for our nation's highway system will expire.
Some in Congress, in both parties, have suggested that now is the time to
raise the gas tax because of the dip in oil prices. I could not
disagree more.
Drivers now see
about 25% of revenue derived from their gas taxes diverted to subsidize
mass transit systems in six metro areas across the country, as well
as other programs like street cars, ferries, and bike lanes. This is
completely contrary to the original "user pays" principle behind the gas
tax. Furthermore, since 2008 highway spending has been flat, but
spending on all other non-highway programs has increased by 38%. If we
simply used gas taxes to fund highway programs - as it was originally
intended - revenue would cover 98% all of our highway expenditures with
no tax increase.
Lower gas prices
mean a de facto increase in discretionary income for all Americans,
and I do not believe it should mean an increase in income for the
government.
Instead, I believe
Congress needs to work toward a long-term solution to fund our highways.
A solution that does not involve raising taxes on middle class
families, but instead better prioritizes other funds already existing within
the federal government that can be spent on our infrastructure needs.
That is why I recently signed on to Congressmen Ribble and Lipinski's
letter to Speaker Boehner and Minority Leader Pelosi urging them to
put forth a responsibly-paid-for, multi-year transportation bill to
address the infrastructure needs in Kansas and throughout the
country.
Click here to read more
about transportation funding at
The Hill .
Balancing Our Budgets
Click here to watch a YouTube
video of Congressman Yoder questioning OMB Director Donovan about the
President's Budget Proposal.
The Obama
Administration likes to tout the fact that it has reduced deficits at the largest
rate in decades. Unfortunately, what it fails to mention is that
deficits have been lowered from over $1 trillion annually to somewhere
around $500 billion. Only in Washington does spending $500 billion beyond
your means count as an achievement.
The
Administration also fail to mention that if Congress had adopted the
President's budget proposals the last five years, our federal government would
be 20% larger than it is today. Under its latest budget plan, our debt
would continue to climb to over $20 trillion when President Obama
leaves office, and be more than $26 trillion by 2025. Furthermore, its
budget never balances - ever.
Rising debt only increases
our risk of another financial crisis. That is why I have fought hard
in my four years in Congress to push back against such reckless
spending and am proud to say that we have reduced discretionary spending each
year since I have been here. But we have a long way to go, and in the
coming weeks the House of Representatives is set to unveil its
responsible budget alternative that is focused on growing American business
and creating jobs, rather than growing
government.
Overland Park Chamber of Commerce
Last
week, I visited with the Overland Park Chamber of Commerce and discussed
several issues before the House of Representatives. We discussed the
need for a long-term highway bill, highlighted trade agreements before
Congress as an area where a Republican Congress can work with the
President, and my support for a balanced
budget.
Thank you to Tracey Osborne, Chamber President, for the
invitation to speak to your group. There are many important issues facing
our community and country, and I appreciated the chance to hear directly
from so many in Overland Park.
Update on Kelsey
Smith Act
Click here to watch
Fox 4 News '
coverage of the Kelsey Smith Act.
In 2007,
Kelsey Smith of Overland Park was abducted from the parking lot of a
department store behind Oak Park Mall, raped, and murdered. Her
disappearance garnered national media attention as federal and local
authorities combed the area for anything that would lead to her recovery.
Police ultimately found her body because of the cell phone ping originating
from the area on the day she was abducted. However, it took the cell
phone service provider four days to hand over information about the
cell phones location to law enforcement officials. Once it did, her
body was found within 45
minutes.
This senseless delay, combined with the effort of Kelsey's parents
Greg and Missey, is what inspired the Kelsey Smith Act. This
legislation would require cell phone service providers to quickly release the
location information of a specific phone to law enforcement officials
during the rare occurrences of an emergency, such as a kidnapping.
Sixteen states have already codified the requirement at the state level.
During the 113th Congress,
the House Energy and Commerce Committee
passed the bill for the first time since its
introduction in 2009 . This was a major step forward in the
legislative process, but unfortunately the bill was not considered by the full
House of
Representatives.
Today, the Senate will resume its consideration of
S. 178 - the Justice for Victims of Human
Trafficking Act , which provides law enforcement the tools to
combat human trafficking and aims to help victims restore their lives.
During the consideration of the bill, Senator Pat Roberts plans to
call for a vote on his amendment to add the language of the Kelsey Smith
Act to the final version of the
bill.
Additionally, I plan to reintroduce the House version of
the Kelsey Smith Act in the coming weeks. I urge my colleagues in both
chambers of Congress to swiftly pass this commonsense law and equip law
enforcement with the tools they need to prevent those who tragically
find themselves in Kelseys circumstances from meeting her
fate.
Summer Internship
Opportunities
Washington,
DC
In my Washington, DC office, internships run
throughout the fall, spring or summer semesters for college students. The
hours are flexible to accommodate students' hectic course schedules, but
generally run 9:00 a.m. to 6:00 p.m. when Congress is in session, and
9:00 a.m. to 5:00 p.m. when not in
session.
Our Washington interns will partake in a wide range of
activities on Capitol Hill. They will be asked to answer phones, research
legislation for the Congressman and staff, attend hearings and briefings,
and answer constituent letters on various issues before the House of
Representatives. Interns will need to be able to communicate
professionally, balance multiple tasks at once, and have a teachable attitude.
As a result, interns will learn about the legislative process, the
various functions of a Congressional office, and the way things work on
Capitol Hill.
It is an invaluable opportunity for both educational
and professional
development.
Kansas
In my Kansas
office, interns may be asked to do a variety of things, including
day-to-day office work such as answering phones, writing letters and
assisting with media clips. In addition, interns may be assigned to assist
in various constituent case work or work on District-based projects of
importance. All internships are
unpaid.
**The deadline to turn in applications has been extended to this
Friday, March 20.
CLICK HERE TO
APPLY
Congressional Art
Competition
The Congressional Art
Competition began in 1982 to provide an opportunity for members of Congress
to encourage and recognize the artistic talents of their young
constituents. Since then, over 650,000 high school students have been involved
with the nationwide
competition.
Each spring, a nation-wide high school arts competition is sponsored by
the Members of the U.S. House of Representatives. The Artistic
Discovery Contest is an opportunity to recognize and encourage the artistic
talent in the nation, as well as in our Congressional
district.
The Artistic Discovery Contest is open to all
high school students in the 3rd District. The over-all winner of our
district's competition will be displayed for one year in the U.S.
Capitol. The exhibit in Washington will also include artwork from other
contest winners nation-wide.
CLICK HERE FOR MORE
INFORMATION
Fact of the
Week
In a recent poll by
Gallup , Americans named dissatisfaction with government as the
number one problem facing the country. 18% of those polled listed the
government as the biggest problem, followed by 11% listing the economy in
general, and 10% listing unemployment and jobs.
Kansas Jayhawks Grab Two-Seed in Midwest Region
Click here for more coverage from
the
Kansas City Star .
Over the weekend,
the Kansas Jayhawks fell just short of winning both the Big 12
Conference regular season and tournament championships for the seventh time
during the Bill Self-Era in a 70-66 loss to Iowa State.
On
Selection Sunday, the Jayhawks were picked as the number two seed in the
Midwest region for the NCAA Tournament. They match up with the New
Mexico State Aggies on the first game of the day on Friday morning at
11:15 AM. Interestingly, a matchup with the Wichita State Shockers looms
in the second round if they can defeat the Indiana
Hoosiers.
Rock Chalk Jayhawk, go KU!
Legislative
Look Ahead
MONDAY, MARCH
16TH
H.R. 639
-
Improving Regulatory Transparency for New Medical Therapies
Act
H.R.
647
- Access to Life-Saving Trauma Care for All Americans
Act
H.R.
648
- Trauma Systems and Regionalization of Emergency Care
Reauthorization Act
H.R. 284
- Medicare DMEPOS Competitive Bidding Improvement
Act
H.R. 876
- Notice of Observation Treatment and Implication for
Care Eligibility Act
H.R. 1191
- Protecting Volunteer Firefighters and
Emergency Responders
Act
TUESDAY, MARCH 17TH AND THE REST OF THE
WEEK
H.R. 1029
- EPA
Science Advisory Board Reform
Act
Amendments to H.R. 1029:
Grayson
Amendment
McKinley Amendment
Polis Amendment
Bonamici
Amendment
H.R. 1030
- Secret Science Reform
Act
Amendments to H.R. 1030
Edwards
Amendment
Kennedy / McGovern / Clark
Amendment
S.J. Res. 8
- Providing
for congressional disapproval under chapter 8 of title 5, United States
Code, of the rule submitted by the National Labor Relations Board
relating to representation case
procedures
H. Res. 132
- Providing for
the expenses of certain committees of the House of Representatives in
the One Hundred Fourteenth Congress
Weekly
Legislative Wrap Up
The House of Representatives was not in session
last week.
Staff Community Office
Hours
My staff can assist you from 8:00 AM - 5:00 PM, Monday through Friday
in my Overland Park Office. They can help with any issues or concerns,
as well as to provide assistance with federal agencies and programs,
including Veterans' Affairs, Medicare, Social Security, Passports, and
Visas.
Also, we periodically have
Staff Community Office Hours throughout the district. If you are unable
to visit my office, please consider coming to the following location if
it is more convenient for
you:
12:00 PM - 1:00 PM on March
24
Kansas City, Kansas Public
Library
Main Branch
625 Minnesota
Avenue
Kansas City, Kansas
66101
3:30 PM - 5:00 PM on April
29
Blue Valley
Library
9000 W. 151st Street
Overland Park, Kansas
66221
Tell a Friend
E-mail:
E-mail:
E-mail:
Please click below to follow me on Twitter,
Facebook, Instagram and YouTube.
Washington, DC
215 Cannon HOB
Washington, DC 20515
Phone:
(202) 225-2865
Hours: Monday-Friday
9:00AM -6:00PM EST
Overland Park
7325 W. 79th
St.
Overland Park, KS 66204
Phone: (913) 621-0832
Fax: (913)
621-1533
Hours: Monday-Friday
8:00AM -5:00PM CST
Unsubscribe
|
Update My
Profile
|
Privacy Policy
