
Website
|
About
|
Contact Me
|
Serving You
|
Media Center
|
Legislative Work
|
Our District
|
Resources
March 22, 2015
The Scalise Capitol Report
Honoring Our Fallen Heroes
Recently, eleven of our nations military heroes perished in a tragic helicopter crash off the coast of Florida. This past week, I joined my colleagues
on the House floor
to pay tribute to these men and their families for the ultimate sacrifice they made in their service to our country. I honored four of these soldiers in particular who served in the Louisiana National Guard stationed with the 1-244th Assault Helicopter Battalion out of Hammond. Our hearts are heavy as our nation joins the Battalion in mourning the loss of Chief Warrant Officer Four George Wayne Griffin, Jr., Chief Warrant Officer Four George David Strother, Staff Sergeant Lance J. Bergeron, and Staff Sergeant Thomas C. Florich III. Their names will forever be engraved in our hearts and in our minds. Their fellow soldiers described them as extraordinary and "amazing aviators. These heroes served their country and the people of Louisiana with honor. They deployed to war zones in Iraq and Afghanistan, and responded to emergencies in Louisiana, including Hurricane Katrina recovery efforts. Their service and their sacrifices will not be forgotten. May God bless and keep all of those who have made the ultimate sacrifice for our nation.
Click on the photo above to watch my remarks honoring our fallen heroes
Holding the EPA Accountable
The House took action last week to bring greater transparency to regulatory science and costly Environmental Protection Agency (EPA) regulations by passing the Secret Science Reform Act of 2015. For far too long, the EPA has justified their radical job-killing regulations by hiding behind unproven science veiled in secrecy, while trying to shield their army of unelected bureaucrats from any accountability. H.R.1030 brings commonsense reform and transparency to the EPA by requiring them to release the data behind their decisions, effectively pulling back the curtain and forcing the EPA to prove that their regulatory proposals can actually be achieved in the real world using proven science validated by independent scientists.
Fighting the FCC's Internet Takeover
One of the main reasons the technology industry has achieved so many successful innovations over the last few decades is the fact that the industry moves faster than the federal government's ability to slow it down with radical regulations. Thats exactly why I have strongly opposed a recent proposal by the Federal Communications Commission (FCC), which allows for an Obama Administration takeover of the Internet. Supporters of this proposal, called "net neutrality," claim this will lead to a free and open Internet, but it includes
more than 300 pages of rules and regulations . Nothing says free and open like 300+ pages of burdensome government regulations that allow for unprecedented taxes and fees to be applied to Internet services. These regulations will not fix the Internet because it is not broken; rather, they will lead to more government control. Last week, I had the opportunity to share my concerns regarding these unprecedented Internet regulations as well as discuss my technology priorities with others that believe our Internet is not broken and should remain free from 1930s-era federal regulations. Additionally, I questioned all five FCC commissioners about these new regulations at a House Energy and Commerce Committee hearing. I will continue to lead the opposition against the FCCs partisan "net neutrality" decision and work with my colleagues to defeat it.
Discussing the Administrations attempt to take over the Internet at the Free State Foundation Telecom Conference
Asking all five FCC Commissioners why we need 300+ pages of regulations to fix the Internet
Protecting the Rights of Hardworking Americans
The House sent a strong message about our desire to protect the rights of all hardworking Americans by voting to block the implementation of President Obama's radical 'ambush elections rule. This is a victory for both hardworking taxpayers and American job creators. President Obama has taken the once-independent National Labor Relations Board (NLRB) and turned it into a militant enforcement arm for his repeated attempts at the radical expansion of the executive branch. Under this Administration, the NLRB has habitually engaged in a disturbing pattern of regulatory overreach designed to tilt our labor laws heavily in favor of unions. I will continue to fight for the rights of all hard-working Americans and oppose the continued efforts by this Administration to reach beyond the limits of the law.
It is an honor to represent you in Congress. For more information please visit my
website ,
Twitter ,
Instagram , and
Facebook
pages.
God Bless,
Steve Scalise
House Majority Whip
WEBSITE
|
UNSUBSCRIBE
|
CONTACT
Washington DC Office
2338 Rayburn HOB
Washington, DC 20515
Phone: (202) 225-3015
Houma Office
8026 Main Street
Suite 700
Houma, LA 70360
Phone: (985) 879-2300
Metairie Office
110 Veterans Boulevard
Suite 500
Metairie, LA 70005
Phone: (504) 837-1259
Mandeville Office
21454 Koop Drive
Suite 1E
Mandeville, LA 70471
Phone: (985) 893-9064
Hammond Office
1514 Martens Drive
Suite 10
Hammond, LA 70401
Phone: (985) 340-2185
Click Here Click Here