
If you
are having trouble viewing this message or would like to share it on a
social network, you can
view the message online .
About
Contact
Services
Media Center
Legislation
Issues
Resources
February 22, 2015
Friends,
As you know, there is an ongoing debate over the
legality of President Obamas unprecedented executive action to grant
amnesty to nearly 5 million illegal immigrants.
I stand firm in
my belief that President Obamas actions are not only
unconstitutional, but also against the will of the American people.
The
Presidents lawless actions reward those who come here illegally at the
expense of legal immigrants who are following the law and waiting in
line; these actions threaten American jobs by giving work permits to
illegal immigrants over American workers; and these actions make it harder
to deport convicted child predators by downgrading their priority for
deportation. Even more than that, President Obamas illegal executive
order does nothing to address the root causes of our broken
immigration system. I remain focused on permanent, meaningful reforms that will
stop the flow of illegal immigrants and secure the border
first.
Regardless of which side of
the issue you stand on, we should all agree that the President of the
United States does not have the legal standing to act as the
legislative and judicial branches.
In fact, the President himself has
said 22 times that he does not have the authority to circumvent
Congress and your demands by unilaterally changing or ignoring our nations
immigration laws. To quote him directly, President Obama said in 2010,
... I am obliged to execute the law. That's what the Executive Branch
means. I can't just make the laws up by myself. Nonetheless, he
chose to overstep his authority and defy our constitution by
single-handedly rewriting our immigration
laws.
Im not the only one who holds this view
like-minded folks in the
legislative and judicial branches who believe in upholding our
constitution have worked tirelessly to block President Obamas lawless
actions. In fact, just last week a Texas judge issued an injunction halting
federal agencies from implementing the President's illegal amnesty
policies.
This ruling reinforces what the American people and
lawmakers have been saying all along
the Presidents actions are
unconstitutional.
While Judge Hanens action in Texas is
encouraging and a major turning point in this critical debate, it is only a
temporary measure. A lengthy legal battle looms, which is why
Congress
must put a permanent halt on executive amnesty by defunding it
immediately.
Knowing this, my
colleagues and I in the House of Representatives passed a bill in January
that bans funds from being used to carry out President Obamas illegal
amnesty while funding every lawful activity of the Department of
Homeland Security (DHS). Unfortunately, a small group of Democrats in the
Senate have decided they would prefer to put our national security at
risk by shutting down DHS rather than defunding President Obamas
illegal amnesty program.
At a time when the entire world is in
crisis, it is appalling that this group would put our national security at
risk by blocking this bill in the
Senate.
As threats to our security continue to grow and
evolve, it is utterly irresponsible for Senate Democrats to hold DHS
funding hostage and block debate on such a critical bill.
When
faced with the decision to equip our Homeland Security department with the
necessary tools to protect our nation or grant amnesty to illegal
immigrants, Senate Democrats are making the wrong choice.
I
encourage them to act in the best interest of our nation and vote on this
bill.
As I continue to fight to
defend our constitution and uphold the rule of law, I can assure you
that I'm listening to your concerns. Please continue to call, write and
e-mail me at
Hudson.House.gov .
Until next
week,
Richard
Hudson
Member of Congress
(NC-08)
Concord Office
325 McGill
Ave, NW
Suite 500
Concord, NC
28027
Phone: (704) 7861612
Rockingham Office
1015
Fayetteville Rd
Rockingham, NC 28379
Phone: (910) 9972070
Washington D.C. Office
429 Cannon HOB
Washington, DC 20515
Phone: (202) 2253715
Unsubscribe
|
Update My Profile
|
Privacy Policy
