
A mere 300 people could swing the next election. Those 300 are ultra-wealthy members of the Koch brothers&rsquo;
David -- A mere 300 people could swing the next election.
Those 300 are ultra-wealthy members of the Koch brothers&rsquo; shadowy political network -- and they&rsquo;ve pledged to spend an
unprecedented
amount of cash to put the GOP in power in 2016.
Will you add your name to call for Koch-free elections? We need 300,000 signers by Friday (tomorrow) to counter the 300 conservative megadonors.
Our election system is truly broken if a handful of extremist right-wingers can decide who will lead our country. The Supreme Court&rsquo;s disastrous
Citizens United
decision five years ago opened the floodgates for secret spending by corporations and billionaires -- and they&rsquo;ve wasted no time in taking advantage.
But 2016 will be like nothing we&rsquo;ve ever seen.
The Kochs and their cronies have pledged to double down to elect a Republican president and Senate.
That&rsquo;s why Congress must act NOW to overturn
Citizens United
and stop the flood of outside money.
Will you be one of 300,000 citizens to call for clean elections? Add your name by Friday!
Thanks for your help,
DSCC Rapid Response
Democratic Senatorial Campaign Committee
P.O. Box 96047
Washington, DC 20090
Paid for by the Democratic Senatorial Campaign Committee, dscc.org,
and not authorized by any candidate or candidate&#39;s committee.
The DSCC is the only organization solely dedicated to supporting Democrats in the U.S. Senate. This message was sent to dj724530@gmail.com because you are a part of the DSCC&rsquo;s grassroots network. Please add us to your address book or approved senders list to make sure you keep receiving DSCC updates.
Emails are a critical way for us to stay in touch with our grassroots supporters. 99% of the DSCC&rsquo;s contributions come from grassroots donors giving less than $200. We also strive to keep you updated on issues related to the Democratic Party&rsquo;s values.
If you&rsquo;d like to stop receiving emails related to this campaign, please
click here .
If you&#39;d like to make a contribution to support us, please
click here . We are already beginning to prepare for the fight ahead &ndash; reclaiming the majority in 2016. It will take every single grassroots supporter, but we know it&rsquo;s possible with your help. If you&rsquo;d like to stop receiving all emails from the DSCC, please
unsubscribe . We greatly appreciate your continued support.
Contributions or gifts to the DSCC are not tax deductible.
