
Miller Newsletter
March 8, 2015
Washington Update
His Excellency Benjamin Netanyahu, the Prime Minister of Israel, Addresses a Joint Meeting of Congress
Two decades ago, on July 10, 1996, Prime Minister Netanyahu delivered his first address to a joint session of Congress, warning of the danger that Iran's pursuit of nuclear weapons and sponsorship of terrorism posed to world security. Four years ago, the Prime Minister again visited Congress with the same message. Unfortunately his warnings went unheeded, and now - after continuing negotiations have failed to produce tangible results - Iran is closer than ever to obtaining nuclear weapons, while its terrorist proxies are operating unhindered, sowing chaos across the Middle East.
Iran, through many of its terrorist proxies, threatens Israel's safety, holds Lebanon and Yemen hostage to its expansionist designs, has inflamed the civil war in Syria, and has deepened sectarianism in Iraq. The combination of Iran's unhindered quest for nuclear weapons and support for global terrorism threatens the stability of the Middle East, the very existence of our ally Israel, and U.S. interests. Beyond being an agent of regional instability, Iran's global reach poses a dangerous challenge to the international community as a whole.
For these reasons, I fully supported Prime Minister Netanyahus address to the Joint Session of Congress on Tuesday. Prime Minister Netanyahu clearly outlined Irans Islamic and terrorist ambitions against the United States, Israel, and the free world.
Drawing the parallel between the two entities, he stated that both the Iranian regime and ISIL want to pursue an Islamic caliphate in the region and ultimately around the globe, disagreeing only on who should lead the effort.
Additionally, in light of their efforts towards an Islamic caliphate, Prime Minister Netanyahu mentioned while ISIL has captured rifles, rockets, and explosives, Iran pursues nuclear weapons.
Since nothing Iran has to offer is acceptable to global security, and since the Presidents Administration admitted that it cannot truly trust Iran, we must make it clear that while Iran seeks nuclear weapons and continues aggression against the free world, it will incur crippling sanctions.
The United States and Israel have enjoyed a deep-seated alliance and friendship since the founding of the modern state of Israel. Taking a holistic view of the current global situation, it becomes clear that our enemies are also those of Israel.
Our citizens share the common values of personal freedom and individual rights, as well as a desire for a peaceful existence. Israel provides a beacon of hope in a corner of the world marred by darkness, evil, and death. It is critical that we provide the support needed to help protect the sovereignty of Israel and the right of its people to defend themselves from terrorism and the threat of a nuclear Iran. We must continue to nurture and reinforce this strong alliance, not just for our own strategic benefit or for the stability brought to an unstable region, but also to show that the world is a brighter place under the light of the freedom provided by our two nations.
I am proud to reiterate my firm commitment to a strong, secure Israel, and I want to thank Prime Minster Netanyahu for speaking with us this week.
To view Prime Minister Netanyahu's address to Congress, click on the image below.
Click on the image above to view Prime Minister Netanyahu's address to Congress
Department of Homeland Security Appropriations, 2015
In accordance with our promise to act decisively to counter the President's illegal executive amnesty, the House passed legislation in early January to fund the Department of Homeland Security (DHS) for the remainder of the fiscal year and to prohibit any federal funds from being used to carry out, administer, or enforce executive amnesty.
On the heels of the one-week Continuing Resolution, which passed the House on February 27 to avoid a DHS shutdown, I was extremely disappointed that the House passed the Senate Amendment to H.R. 240 last week by a vote of 257-167.
The Senate Amendment provides continued funding for DHS for the remainder of Fiscal Year 2015, without any attempt to stop the Presidents unlawful amnesty actions.
Therefore, I could not support the measure and voted against it.
It is the responsibility of the Congress to uphold the Constitution, and when even the President abandons his oath to support and defend it, Congress must act accordingly as representatives of the American people.
Passage of the Senate Amendment does not put a halt to our efforts addressing the President's unlawful actions pertaining to amnesty.
Just last week, I cosigned a
letter
to the Comptroller General of the United States, Gene Dodaro, requesting a review of potential violations of the Antideficiency Act relative to the Obama Administration's plans to lease office space and hire 1,000 workers to process cases filed as a result of the President's executive actions on immigration.
Rest assured that I will continue to work with my colleagues to fight to ensure our immigration laws are dutifully enforced, and our Constitution is not trampled on by an out-of-control Administration.
AIPAC Meeting
In conjunction with Prime Minister Netanyahus Joint Address to Congress, I had the opportunity to sit down with representatives of the American Israeli Public Affairs Committee (AIPAC).
Dane Andreeff, Eric Steckler, Gene Rosenbaum, Evelyn Steckler,
and Joe Rosenbaumall constituents of the First District of Floridastopped by to discuss the Prime Ministers speech, the threat of a nuclear-armed Iran, and the strong relationship between Israel and the United States.
I appreciate AIPAC for its tireless efforts in educating decision makers on the common interests and threats shared by the United States and Israel.
Chairman Miller meeti ng with Members of AIPAC
Veterans Corner
House Passes Legislation to Increase Accountability at VA, Give Veterans More Health Care Choices
On Monday, the House passed two measures I sponsored, both of which would have a lasting impact on the way VA operates and on the lives of many veterans if signed into law.
H.R.280 would give the Department of Veterans Affairs Secretary the authority to recoup for cause bonuses paid to VA employees.
As we learned last Congress, behind nearly every VA scandal, theres a bonus. Given that the department paid more than $380,000 in cash bonuses to top executives at 38 hospitals that are either under investigation for falsifying medical care wait times or where there have been long treatment delays, we need to give the VA secretary the authority to recoup any bonuses department employees collected based on false claims or exaggerated performance.
The House also passed H.R.294, which would authorize the Department of Veterans Affairs for three years beginning October 1, 2015, to enter into a contract or agreement with a certified medical foster home to pay for long-term care for up to 900 eligible veterans. To view my floor remarks on H.R.280 and H.R.294, click on the images below.
To view my remarks on H.R.280, click on the left image.
To view my remarks on H.R.294, click on the right image.
Introduction of H.R.1316, the Veterans Heritage Firearms Act of 2015
The National Firearms Act (NFA), which was enacted in 1934 shortly after the repeal of Prohibition, mandated the registration of certain firearms and imposed a statutory excise tax on their manufacture and transfer. When the NFA was amended in 1968, a 30-day amnesty period immediately following the laws effective date was established to allow individuals possessing unregistered firearms to register them.
Veterans who obtained war trophies during their time of service and did not register their collectors items in 1968, due to the limited notice of the amnesty period, are being treated as criminals under current law. Last week, I reintroduced the
Veterans Heritage Firearms Act of 2015 , along with Senator Tom Cotton (R-AR), to provide for an additional amnesty period to allow those veterans, or those rightful heirs who have inherited their loved ones collector items, the opportunity to register their firearms.
It was never the intent of the law to make criminals out of veterans who legally imported firearms acquired during military service outside the continental United States. This legislation gives our veterans an opportunity to comply with the law and pass on their heirlooms to family members. It is an appropriate way to honor the heroes who fought to defend our freedom.
Joint Hearing of the House and Senate Veterans' Affairs Committees to receive the Legislative Presentation of the Veterans of Foreign Wars
Last week, the House and Senate Veterans' Affairs Committees conducted a joint hearing to receive the legislative presentation of the Veterans of Foreign Wars (VFW). VFW leaders presented their views and priorities regarding a number of subjects, including VA health care, VAs budget, veterans compensation and benefits as well as military quality of life and education issues. VFW's advice and support helped us craft and pass the
Veterans Access, Choice, and Accountability Act of 2014 , which is helping increase access to care for veterans and increasing accountability for VA bureaucrats. I appreciate the persistent efforts of VFWs nearly 1.9 million members and their front-line knowledge of the VA health care system.
To view the March 4 joint hearing, click on the images below.
To view Part I of the March 4 Joint Hearing of the House and Senate Veterans' Affairs Committees, click on the left image (start at 21:35).
To view Part II, click on the right image.
Meeting with the Florida Department of the Veterans of Foreign Wars
The day prior to the Veterans of Foreign Wars (VFW) hearing, I met with Floridas VFW delegation. The meeting provided an opportunity to hear directly from VFW members from the great state of Florida who were in Washington participating in VFWs annual Legislative Conference. We discussed the critical issues facing our local active duty service members and veterans, including the recommendations of the Military Compensation and Retirement Modernization Commission, the potential devastating effects of sequestration, and the continued challenges plaguing VA.
Chairman Miller meeti ng with Members of the Florida Department of Veterans of Foreign Wars
Meeting with the
Blinded Veterans Association
Throughout my time as Chairman of the House Committee on Veterans Affairs, I have been blessed with the support and advocacy of countless veteran service organizations to help keep me informed and ensure our legislative efforts best meet the needs of those who have answered our Nations call to service. The Blinded Veterans Association (BVA) is among these groups. I had the opportunity to sit down with BVA National President Mark Cornell, BVA Director of Government Relations Glenn E. Minney and BVA Assistant Director of Government Relations Mike ORourke. Through its service programs, regional groups and advocacy before the legislative and executive branches of government, BVA does a phenomenal job in making life better for our blinded veterans and ensuring policy makers are aware of its members concerns.
Chairman Miller with members
of the Blinded Veterans Association
Meeting with the Military Order of the Purple Heart
It was an honor to visit with Military Order of the Purple Hearts National Commander Pat Little, National Senior Vice Commander Bob Purskar, Legislative Director Hershel Gober, Public Relations Director John Bircher and National Junior Vice Commander (ret) Bill Everett, who hails from the First District of Florida, during MOPHs annual March on the Hill. In addition to discussing the groups legislative priorities, I was humbled to receive the MOPH Inspirational Leadership Award.
Chartered by Congress in 1958, the Military Order of the Purple Heart is composed of military men and women who received the Purple Heart Medal for wounds suffered in combat. Although membership is restricted to those wounded in combat, MOPH supports all veterans and their families with a myriad of nationwide programs.
I appreciate MOPH's efforts and continued selfless dedication to our country and our men and women in uniform.
Chairman
Miller and House Veterans' Affairs Committee Staff Director, Jon Towers, receives the Military Order of the Purple Heart Inspirational Leadership Award and Military Order of the Purple Heart Exemplary Service Award, respectively.
Southern Arizona VA Health Care System Oversight Visit
Last weekend, I conducted an oversight visit of the Southern Arizona VA Health Care System with Congresswoman Martha McSally (AZ-02). During the visit, I took the opportunity to get a better understanding of the facility's implementation of the Veterans Choice Program, its efforts to eliminate veterans homelessness as well as the facility's accommodations to assist visually impaired veterans.
Following the medical center visit, we toured the University of Arizona, which has more than 1,300 student veterans.
I was pleased to learn more about the university's two Veterans Education and Transition Services (VETS) Centers and its Disabled Veterans Reintegration and Education Project, which focuses on research-based recommendations for higher education regarding programs, services, and strategies that contribute to an inclusive campus environment for student veterans. I also had the opportunity to tour the Southwestern Blind Rehabilitation Center and visit with student veterans to learn their thoughts on the VA Choice program and Operation Enduring and Iraqi Freedom transition programs.
Chairman Miller with
Acting VISN 18 Director , Kathleen Fogarty; Congresswoman Martha McSally (R-AZ),
SAVAHCS
Director,
Johnathan Gardner;
SAVAHCS
C hief of Staff ,
Dr. Fabia Kwiecinski; Chief Management Support/Public Affairs Officer,
Steven Sample; and
Chief Business Service Line,
Kathleen Mungovan (L-R). Photo courtesy of SAVAHCS Public Affairs.
In the News
Supreme Court hears oral arguments in the case King v. Burwell
Last week, the Supreme Court heard arguments in the case of
King v. Burwell , which challenges the legality of providing tax credits to subsidize Obamacare plans offered on the federal exchanges.
Taking a commonsense reading of the bill, which states that subsidies will only be available through an Exchange established by the states, it appears clear that Obamacare does not authorize the federal government to provide tax credits or other assistance for plans on exchanges run by the federal government.
This means, therefore, that these tax credits would be struck down and the millions of people who are receiving assistance for insurance purchased on the federal exchanges would be left to foot a substantial tax bill.
While the Supreme Court ultimately holds the authority to decide this legal question, the case also brings up another important question: how do we fix the mess created by Obamacare?
Both prior to and following passage of Obamacare, House Republicans have offered numerous alternatives, many of which I have supported.
Just last week, the Chairmen of three House Committees with jurisdiction over the issueChairman John Kline of the House Committee on Education and Workforce, Chairman Paul Ryan of the House Ways and Means Committee, and Chairman Fred Upton of the House Energy and Commerce Committeereleased an outline of how they would make insurance more affordable by stopping Washington overreach and restoring the ability of individuals to choose and spur competition in the marketplace.
I look forward to seeing legislation developed by these committees, and I remain committed to repealing Obamacare and replacing it with patient-centered legislation that removes Washington bureaucrats and empowers individuals to make the choices that work best for them to spur the competition needed to truly bring down health care costs and ensure affordable access to high-quality care.
Miller Media Clips
To read some recent press clips highlighting my work on behalf of Florida's First Congressional District and our Nations veterans and servicemembers, click on the links below:
Jeff Miller's VA Reforms Easily Pass the House
Bill may mean more business loans for veterans
Isakson vows to ease 40-mile limit on VA 'Choice Card'
Senate follows House with bill to reclaim VA bonuses
House Passes Bill Allowing VA Secretary To Claw Back Bonuses
House backs bill to force VA execs to give back bonuses
House votes give VA chief power to recoup executive bonuses
Constituent Voice
Bureau of Alcohol, Tobacco, Firearms and Explosives Regulation of Firearms
It proves increasingly more difficult to ascertain just which part of our Constitution this President desires to trample on most.
In his latest attempt to undermine the founding principles of our Nation, the Bureau of Alcohol, Tobacco, Firearms, and Explosives (BATFE) recently announced a new "framework" for determining whether certain projectiles are "primarily intended for sporting purposes."
Essentially the BATFE would conduct an "objective" test for determining whether certain rounds of ammunition, otherwise considered armor piercing under federal law, qualify for an exemption allowing them to be lawfully manufactured, imported, and sold on the civilian market in the U.S.
This arbitrary, unduly restrictive standard will disrupt the American market that law-abiding Americans use for sporting and other legitimate purposes.
Such blatant attacks on Second Amendment rights will not be tolerated.
That is why I joined nearly 240 of my colleagues in sending a
letter
to Todd Jones, BATFE Director, to clarify the ambiguity of the proposed ban, and make public their efforts.
As a conservative, I will continue to fight not only for our Second Amendment rights, but to uphold all the inalienable rights enshrined in the Constitution.
FCC Rules on Open Internet
In the wake of the Federal Communication Commissions troubling decision to reclassify consumer broadband service under Title II of the 1934 Communications Act in an attempt to institute so-called net neutrality rules, constituents from across Floridas First Congressional District contacted my office to express concerns about the impact that this decision will have on the internet and our economy.
In recent decades the internet has helped spur economic growth and led directly to the creation of countless American businesses.
One of the key strengths of the internet is the fact that it has remained open and lightly regulated, allowing free market competition to drive innovation.
Unfortunately, the FCC decided to fundamentally alter the federal governments role in internet regulation, pushing forward a decision on a 3-2 vote on a proposal that was not released publicly.
In fact, FCC Chairman Tom Wheeler even refused to come before Congress to testify on the content of the FCCs actions.
Like the majority of those in Northwest Florida, I am opposed to increased government regulation of the internet.
Given that this decision comes just months after the President came out in favor of Title II internet regulation, it appears that the FCC, an independent agency, has bowed to pressure from the Administration.
There is little question that the FCCs decision will spark a string of lawsuits and hamper investment, and I will work with my colleagues in Congress to push back on this excessive government intrusion.
As always, I welcome your comments. To share your thoughts on legislation, votes or issues, please visit http://jeffmiller.house.gov/ to send an e-mail or call any of my offices.
Thanks,
Jeff
Click Here
to view this email in your browser
Click Here
to be removed from this list