
News just broke that the Affordable Care Act (&ldquo;Obamacare&rdquo;) has provided first-time health insurance to 16.4 million Americans.
David -- News just broke that
the Affordable Care Act (&ldquo;Obamacare&rdquo;) has provided first-time health insurance to
16.4 million Americans.
This is a tremendous victory for affordable health care. So why is the GOP constantly trying to destroy it?
Congressional Republicans have taken 56 votes to dismantle Obamacare
A new right-wing Supreme Court case could rip health care away from millions
The just-released GOP budget plan would repeal the law completely
Bottom line:
Five years after its passage, the Affordable Care Act is still under constant threat from the right.
And with these new and well-funded attacks, it couldn&rsquo;t be more important for you to fight back.
Will you add your name to our campaign to save health care reform? Let&rsquo;s get 100,000 signers by Monday for a strong show of support!
If Republicans in Congress and right-wing activists have their way, millions of Americans would lose their health insurance. And
the GOP has NO back-up plan
-- these folks would have nowhere to turn. Our country&rsquo;s health would decline while our costs skyrocketed.
But by standing together, we can stop the destruction of President Obama&rsquo;s signature achievement.
Will you show your support for Obamacare by adding your name to our campaign?
Thank you,
DSCC Rapid Response
P.S. The
New York Times
called the anti-Obamacare Supreme Court case,
King v. Burwell , &ldquo;baloney&rdquo; and &ldquo;a baseless attack on one of the most important pieces of social legislation of the last generation.&rdquo;
Please add your name to fight back!
Democratic Senatorial Campaign Committee
P.O. Box 96047
Washington, DC 20090
Paid for by the Democratic Senatorial Campaign Committee, dscc.org,
and not authorized by any candidate or candidate&#39;s committee.
The DSCC is the only organization solely dedicated to supporting Democrats in the U.S. Senate. This message was sent to dj724530@gmail.com because you are a part of the DSCC&rsquo;s grassroots network. Please add us to your address book or approved senders list to make sure you keep receiving DSCC updates.
Emails are a critical way for us to stay in touch with our grassroots supporters. 99% of the DSCC&rsquo;s contributions come from grassroots donors giving less than $200. We also strive to keep you updated on issues related to the Democratic Party&rsquo;s values.
If you&rsquo;d like to stop receiving emails related to this campaign, please
click here .
If you&#39;d like to make a contribution to support us, please
click here . We are already beginning to prepare for the fight ahead &ndash; reclaiming the majority in 2016. It will take every single grassroots supporter, but we know it&rsquo;s possible with your help. If you&rsquo;d like to stop receiving all emails from the DSCC, please
unsubscribe . We greatly appreciate your continued support.
Contributions or gifts to the DSCC are not tax deductible.
