
February 13, 2015
Greetings,
The victims of the 2009 Fort Hood terrorist attack will finally be awarded the Purple Heart and its civilian counterpart, the Medal for the Defense of Freedom.
Congress and the Army have come together to recognize the attack for what it was &ndash; a violent act of terrorism &ndash; and acknowledge those who served our nation in the face of it.
Texans will always remember that November day, and now we can properly honor the sacrifice of our loved ones, and renew our gratitude for their courage.
Sincerely,
Ted Cruz
We Are Grateful U.S. Army Will Honor Fort Hood Terror Victims with Purple Hearts
Last week, Sen. Cruz
released
the following statement regarding the Army&rsquo;s
announcement
to award the Purple Heart and its civilian counterpart, the Medal for the Defense of Freedom, to the victims of the 2009 terrorist attack upon Fort Hood.
Click to view video
&ldquo;On November 5, 2009, a brutal terror attack was carried out at Fort Hood. The lives of 14 people were taken, one of them an unborn child, and 32 were injured. Today, we are grateful that the U.S. Army has chosen to bestow the Purple Heart, and its civilian counterpart, the Medal for the Defense of Freedom, on these victims,&rdquo; said Sen. Cruz.
&ldquo;This attack was a clear act of radical Islamic terrorism, conducted on American soil &ndash; the original decision to designate it &lsquo;workplace violence&rsquo; and deny these honors was a betrayal of the sacrifice of each of the victims.
It is well past time for them to receive these awards and I thank the Secretary of the Army for reaching this determination. We can never undo the events of that day, but we can properly honor the courageous patriots who protect our nation and remain forever grateful for them.&rdquo;
Last year, Sen. Cruz introduced an amendment to the 2015 National Defense Reauthorization Act (NDAA), which was
approved by the Senate Armed Services Committee
and
passed by Congress , to expand Purple Heart eligibility to victims of the Fort Hood terror attack.
He also released a
video
last year to highlight the importance of designating the attack as an act of terrorism instead of workplace violence.
Sen. Cruz Joins Republicans in Support of House DHS Funding Bill
On Thursday, Sen. Cruz joined Republicans in a bicameral press conference to call on Senate Democrats to stop filibustering the funding bill for the Department of Homeland Security (DHS), passed by the House of Representatives earlier this year.
Click to view video
&ldquo;Senate Democrats cannot claim they support the Department of Homeland Security when they stand in the way and block funding DHS,&rdquo; Sen. Cruz said. &ldquo;We have a new Senate where amendments are finally allowed on the floor, if they don&rsquo;t like provisions on the House bill, they should introduce an amendment and we can vote on the amendment. Seven Senate Democrats around election time told the voters they opposed President Obama&rsquo;s unconstitutional executive amnesty. If they were telling the truth, then why are they filibustering DHS funding?&rdquo;
Read the full release here.
Sen. Cruz Joins Bipartisan Press Conference on Smarter Sentencing Act
On Thursday, Sen. Cruz joined a bipartisan group of Congress members in support of the Smarter Sentencing Act of 2015.
Click to view video
&ldquo;The issue that brings us together today is fairness. What brings us together is justice. What brings us together is common sense,&rdquo; said Sen. Cruz.
He continued, &ldquo;All of us agree, if you have violent criminals, if you have criminals who are using guns, who are using violence, who are dealing drugs to children, the criminal justice system should come down on them like a ton of bricks. But at the same time we need to recognize that young people make mistakes, and we should not live in a world of
Le Miserables , where a young man finds his entire future taken away by excessive mandatory minimums. I want to commend Senator Lee, Senator Durbin, for their leadership on this. It&rsquo;s not easy to bring together this broad bipartisan coalition, but it&rsquo;s an issue that matters. It&rsquo;s an issue of justice. I&rsquo;m proud to stand together and I hope that this same group, and an even larger group, can stand together in a few months at a signing ceremony where this legislation becomes law.&rdquo;
See the full release here.
Sen. Cruz Calls on President Obama to Commit to a Clear Strategy
On Wednesday, Sen. Cruz
released
a statement regarding President Obama&rsquo;s Authorization for Use of Military Force (AUMF) request:
&ldquo;For several months the Obama Administration has been engaging in military conduct without authorization from Congress, and it is long past time for the White House to seek an AUMF from Congress, which is the only body that has the constitutional authority to declare war.
It will be beneficial to have serious public hearings and debates over the plan that was presented.
Congress should strengthen the AUMF by making sure the President is committed to clear objectives and a specific plan to accomplish those goals. That should begin by clearly defining the enemy as &lsquo;radical Islamic terrorists.&rsquo;
We will not be able to win the war against radical Islamic terrorism as long as our Commander-in-Chief refuses to recognize who it is we are fighting.&rdquo;
Earlier that day, Sen. Cruz spoke at the Center for Security Policy&rsquo;s Defeat Jihad Summit and discussed the need for President Obama to call radical Islamic terrorism by its name and outline a clear strategy to defeat it.
Watch his full remarks here.
Sen. Cruz Re-introduces State Marriage Defense Act
On Tuesday, Sen. Cruz along with 11 fellow Senators, re-introduced the State Marriage Defense Act, which respects the definition of marriage held by the people of each state and protects states from the federal government's efforts to force any other definition upon them.
&ldquo;Even though the Supreme Court made clear in
United States v. Windsor
that the federal government should defer to state &lsquo;choices about who may be married,&rsquo; the Obama Administration has disregarded state marriage laws enacted by democratically-elected legislatures to uphold traditional marriage,&rdquo; said Sen. Cruz. &ldquo;I support traditional marriage and we should reject attempts by the Obama Administration to force same-sex marriage on all 50 states. The State Marriage Defense Act helps safeguard the ability of states to preserve traditional marriage for their citizens.&rdquo;
Read full release here.
Sen. Cruz Discusses the Importance of Standing with Our Allies
Last week, Sen. Cruz attended the Munich Security Conference and on Sunday joined ABC&rsquo;s George Stephanopoulos on This Week and CNN&rsquo;s Dana Bash on State of the Union to discuss important national security concerns facing the United States. In his interviews, he noted that the Obama-Clinton-Kerry foreign policy has been consistently wrong &ndash; especially in regard to Russia, ISIS and Iran &ndash; and cited important actions the U.S. should take to stand with our allies and against our enemies.
Click to view video
&ldquo;This conference in Munich has highlighted the enormous national security threats facing America that are growing and getting worse. And when it comes to Russia and Ukraine, the path we're on doesn't make any sense. We need to be providing defensive arms to the people of the Ukraine. I met yesterday alongside a bipartisan congressional delegation with the Ukrainian President Poroshenko, he made clear they're fighting to defend their nation. We have a treaty obligation to stand with them, and right now, unfortunately, the Obama Administration is not honoring that obligation. We need to come together and provide defensive arms so they can stand up against the Russian aggression,&rdquo; said Sen. Cruz.
Read the full release here.
Sen. Cruz Introduces Obamacare Repeal Bill
Last week, Sen. Cruz introduced legislation to fully repeal the Affordable Care Act, commonly known as Obamacare. The bill has 51 cosponsors.
&ldquo;In November voters all across the country spoke loud and clear that Congress must do everything we can to repeal Obamacare,&rdquo; said Sen. Cruz. &ldquo;The results of this disastrous law speak for themselves: millions of Americans out of work or unable to find full-time work. Premiums going through the roof while median incomes have fallen. Millions who have lost both their doctors and the plans they liked, contrary to the President's promises. Meanwhile, the Administration has done absolutely nothing to prepare for an upcoming Supreme Court decision that could leave millions of Americans unable to afford insurance thanks to this failed law.
"This repeal bill is pro-growth, pro-jobs, and pro-liberty. It provides time for Congress to start over, to pass true market-based reforms that will allow the purchase of insurance across state lines, expand health savings accounts, and make health insurance, personal, portable, and affordable.&rdquo;
The Obamacare Repeal Act fully repeals Obamacare effective 180 days after its enactment, and provides Congress and the states the intervening six months to develop and vote on patient-oriented health care reform that will incrementally unravel Obamacare's structural damage to our health care system and economy.
Read the full release here.
In Case You Missed It
WATCH:
Sen. Cruz on CNN&rsquo;s State of the Union
READ:
Sen. Cruz highlighted in CAPE&rsquo;s newsletter for championing school choice
Central Texas Office
300 E. 8th St,
Suite #961
Austin, TX 78701
Phone: (512) 916-5834
North Texas Office
Lee Park Tower II,
3626 N. Hall St., Suite #410
Dallas, TX 75219
Phone: (214) 599-8749
Southeast Texas Office
808 Travis St.,
Suite #1420
Houston, TX 77002
Phone: (713) 718-3057
South/Central Texas Office
9901 IH-10W,
Suite # 950
San Antonio, TX 78230
Phone: (210) 340-2885
East Texas Office
305 S. Broadway,
Suite 501
Tyler, TX 75702
Phone: (903) 593-5130
South Texas Office
200 S. 10th St,
Suite 1603
McAllen, TX 78501
Phone: (956) 686-7339
Washington Office
185 Dirksen Senate Office
Building
Washington, DC 20510
Phone: (202) 224-5922
If you no longer wish to receive these emails
click here to unsubscribe .
