
March 13, 2015
Dear Friend,
This month, we commemorate the enormous contributions women have made for our country. From Abigail Adams who advised President John Adams in all areas of his presidency, to Rosa Parks and Dolores Huerta who made strides for justice, to Grace Hopper who invented computer code as we know it, women have played crucial roles in moving our country forward. On a more personal level, our mothers, grandmothers, sisters, aunts, daughters, and wives, all play invaluable parts in each of our lives.
A little over a century ago, women were fighting for their right to vote. Today, women hold some of the most influential positions - they are business owners, CEOs, elected officials, advocates, philanthropists, doctors, innovators, ambassadors, and more.
Since the fight for women's suffrage, our country has made advancements in improving the lives of women and families. During my time in Congress, we passed the Lily Ledbetter Act, fought to include important provisions for women's health in the Affordable Care Act, and continued our work to reduce domestic violence with the reauthorization of the Violence Against Women Act. I'm honored to have been part of making some these most recent strides.
While we've come a long way, discrimination on the basis of sex and gender continues. Women are often the primary breadwinners for their families, and the fact that a woman still only earns 80 cents for every dollar earned by a man in New Mexico is unacceptable. The gender wage gap halts the progress of our economy, forces women to make ends meet with less, and undermines the notion that everyone deserves an honest day's pay for a full day's work.
That's why as your Senator, I have continued to fight for equal pay for women, paid sick leave, quality childcare, and raising the minimum wage, so that we can build stronger families in New Mexico.
I am proud of the many contributions women have made and continue to make to move our country forward.
It is an honor to serve as your United States Senator.
Sincerely,
MARTIN HEINRICH
United States Senator
Follow me on Facebook, Twitter, and Instagram:
To unsubscribe from this mailing list,
click here .
To continue to receive updates,
click here .