
District Update | February 6, 2015
Click here if you have trouble viewing this email
Friends,
Voting to repeal Obamacare on Tuesday was a great way to spend my birthday. We need real health care reform that puts patients first and expands choice, not Obamacares top-down mandates that have resulted in higher premiums, limited choice and the cancellation of millions of health care plans. By repealing Obamacare in its entirety, we can start fresh on health care reform without the constraints of the unworkable and unfixable disaster that is Obamacare. House Republicans are developing patient-centered solutions, which preserve personal freedom, expand choice, and allow people to keep the doctor and health insurance plan they like and trust.
Free Small Businesses
This week, I voted for two bills that would reduce the regulatory burden on small businesses: the Small Business Regulatory Flexibility Improvements Act and the Unfunded Mandates Information and Transparency Act. Millions of people across the country support their families by working at a small business. But these small businesses are suffocating under the weight of federal regulations, which currently cost them a whopping $11,000 per employee. By reducing this regulatory burden, we will free small businesses to hire, grow and invest.
Looking Ahead
Next week, the House is taking up the Senate-passed bill authorizing the Keystone XL pipeline, and then it will be sent to the presidents desk. Even though the president has threatened to veto legislation approving this pipeline, I truly hope that, once a bill is sitting on his desk, he will not turn his back on all of the Americans who would have the opportunity to work as a result of this pipeline.
Finally, as we watch the Senate consider Department of Homeland Security (DHS) funding, its important to remember that the House passed a bill on January 14 to fully fund DHS while denying the president any funds whatsoever to carry out his unconstitutional executive actions. I continue to urge my colleagues in the Senate to stand strong and act on the House-passed legislation.
Freedom first,
Final US Congress vote next week on Keystone pipeline
The US Congress is expected next week to finally pass much-delayed legislation approving the controversial Keystone XL oil pipeline, Republican leaders said Tuesday.
House votes to repeal ObamaCare
The GOP House on Tuesday voted for the fourth time to completely repeal ObamaCare, but this time with instructions for several committees to replace the healthcare law with new policies.
Rep. Tom Graves Votes to Repeal Obamacare
Rep. Tom Graves Votes to Free Small Businesses from Unnecessary Government
DALTON, GA OFFICE
702 South Thornton Ave
Dalton, GA 30720
T (706) 226-5320
F (706) 278-0840
ROME, GA OFFICE
600 E. First Street, Suite 301
Rome, GA 30161
T (706) 290-1776
F (706) 232-7864
WASHINGTON, DC OFFICE
2442 Rayburn House Office Bldg.
Washington, D.C. 20515
T (202) 225-5211
F (202) 225-8271
UPDATE SUBSCRIPTION OPTIONS
|
PRIVACY POLICY
|
CONTACT US
Click Here Click Here