DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.0 Transitional//EN" "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml1/DTD/xhtml1-transitional.dtd"
Email Newsletter
Week of March 16, 2015
Simpson Supports DHS Funding Bill
Holding our national security hostage over a fight that we are currently winning is not a strategy aimed at success. It is a strategy doomed to failure
Congressman Mike Simpson
Idaho Congressman Mike Simpson has voted in favor of legislation that will fully fund the Department of Homeland Security through the remainder of the 2015 fiscal year. At the same time, Simpson is urging his colleagues to allow efforts opposing the Presidents executive actions on immigration to continue in the courts.
Simpson made clear that while he strongly opposes President Obamas unilateral and illegal action on immigration, he cannot support another government shutdown or any further delay in critical funding for the Department of Homeland Security. While I adamantly disagree with the Presidents unconstitutional executive actions on immigration
and have voted to roll back those actions
I do not believe it is worth risking the national security of our nation, said Simpson. Whether on the border, at our nations airports, or in many vital programs at Idaho National Laboratory, funding for the Department of Homeland Security is critical to our national security and ability to protect our nation from those who would do us harm. Delaying that funding, or playing any further political games with it, would be completely irresponsible and those who suggest otherwise dont know what they are talking about.
While a strong majority of members supported the Resolution allowing DHS funding to move forward, Simpson acknowledged that some in the Republican Caucus want to continue using the DHS bill to fight President Obama.
We all know there is a difference of opinion within our Caucus on tactics and that some members want to keep on fighting against all reason, said Simpson.
Members who continue voting against this funding are not helping push the conservative agenda. Instead, their political grandstanding emboldens the opposition, jeopardizes good governing policies, and does nothing to thwart the Presidents agenda. Quite frankly, theyre making our party look irresponsible, unreasonable, and incapable of governing effectively.
Simpson also noted the importance of the recent court victory in stopping the Presidents illegal action and made clear that he believed we should pursue the much more promising legal strategy instead of continued gridlock in Congress. It should be noted the court has ruled against the President and these actions are now on hold, said Simpson. Holding our national security hostage over a fight that we are currently winning is not a strategy aimed at success.
It is a strategy doomed to failure.
The fiscal year 2015 Department of Homeland Security funding bill was signed into law by the President.
To watch Congressman Simpson give his closing remarks regarding the DHS funding bill visit his YouTube page
here .
Committee Schedule
Tuesday
At 9:00 a.m., the House Interior and Environment Subcommittee on Appropriations will hold a hearing with U.S. Fish and Wildlife Service Director Dan Ashe.
At 10:00 a.m., Chairman Simpson will host a House Energy and Water Appropriations Subcommittee hearing regarding the Department of Energy, Applied Energy Programs.
At 10:00 a.m., the House Labor, Health and Human Services, Education Subcommittee on Appropriations will hold a hearing with Secretary of Labor Thomas Perez.
At 1:00 p.m., the House Interior and Environment Subcommittee on Appropriations will hold a hearing with National Park Service Director Jon Jarvis.
At 1:00 p.m., Chairman Simpson will host a House Energy and Water Appropriations Subcommittee hearing regarding the Department of Energy, Office of Science.
Wednesday
At 9:00 a.m., the House Interior and Environment Subcommittee on Appropriations will hold a public witness hearing.
At 10:00 a.m., Chairman Simpson will host a House Energy and Water Appropriations Subcommittee hearing regarding the Department of Energy, Office of Environmental Management.
At 10:00 a.m., the House Labor, Health and Human Services, Education Subcommittee on Appropriations will hold a hearing titled Closing the Achievement Gap in Higher Education.
At 1:00 p.m., the House Interior and Environment Subcommittee on Appropriations will hold a second public witness hearing.
Thursday
At 9:30 a.m., the House Interior and Environment Subcommittee on Appropriations will hold a hearing regarding the Bureau of Land Management.
Floor Schedule
MONDAY, MARCH 16TH
On Monday, the House will meet at 12:00 p.m. for morning hour and 2:00 p.m. for legislative business. Votes will be postponed until 6:30 p.m.
Legislation Considered Under Suspension of the Rules:
1)
H.R. 639
- Improving Regulatory Transparency for New Medical Therapies Act, as amended
(Sponsored by Rep. Joe Pitts / Energy and Commerce Committee)
2)
H.R. 647
- Access to Life-Saving Trauma Care for All Americans Act
(Sponsored by Rep. Michael Burgess / Energy and Commerce Committee)
3)
H.R. 648
- Trauma Systems and Regionalization of Emergency Care Reauthorization Act
(Sponsored by Rep. Michael Burgess / Energy and Commerce Committee
4)
H.R. 284
- Medicare DMEPOS Competitive Bidding Improvement Act of 2015, as amended
(Sponsored by Rep. Patrick Tiberi / Ways and Means Committee)
5)
H.R. 876
- Notice of Observation Treatment and Implication for Care Eligibility Act, as amended
(Sponsored by Rep. Lloyd Doggett / Ways and Means Committee)
6)
H.R. 1191
- Protecting Volunteer Firefighters and Emergency Responders Act, as amended
(Sponsored by Rep. Lou Barletta / Ways and Means Committee)
TUESDAY, MARCH 17TH AND THE BALANCE OF THE WEEK
On Tuesday and Wednesday, the House will meet at 10:00 a.m. for morning hour and 12:00 p.m. for legislative business.
On Thursday, the House will meet at 9:00 a.m. for legislative business. Last votes expected no later than 3:00 p.m.
On Friday, the House is not in session.
H.R. 1029
- EPA Science Advisory Board Reform Act of 2015, Rules Committee Print (Structured Rule)
(Sponsored by Rep. Frank Lucas / Science, Space, and Technology Committee)
The Rule provides for one hour of general debate and makes in order the following amendments:
Rep. Alan Grayson Amendment
(10 minutes of debate)
Rep. David McKinley Amendment
(10 minutes of debate)
Rep. Jared Polis Amendment
(10 minutes of debate)
Rep. Suzanne Bonamici Amendment
(20 minutes of debate)
H.R. 1030
- Secret Science Reform Act of 2015, Rules Committee Print (Structured Rule)
(Sponsored by Rep. Lamar Smith / Science, Space, and Technology Committee)
The Rule provides for one hour of general debate and makes in order the following amendments:
Rep. Donna Edwards Amendment
(10 minutes of debate)
Reps. Kennedy / McGovern / Clark Amendment
(10 minutes of debate)
S.J. Res. 8
- Providing for congressional disapproval under chapter 8 of title 5, United States Code, of the rule submitted by the National Labor Relations Board relating to representation case procedures
(Sponsored by Sen. Lamar Alexander / Education and the Workforce Committee)
H. Res. 132
- Providing for the expenses of certain committees of the House of Representatives in the One Hundred Fourteenth Congress
(Sponsored by Rep. Candice Miller / House Administration Committee)
In the News
Idaho Legislature asks Congress to raise truck weight limits
John OConnell , Capital Press, March 9, 2015
The Idaho Legislature has passed a memorial bill expressing its desire that the federal government increase truck weight limits on Idaho's interstate highways to 129,000 pounds.
BOISE
Idahos House of Representatives has passed legislation urging the U.S. Congress to increase the states truck weight limit on interstate highways from 105,500 pounds to 129,000 pounds.
Idaho commodity leaders
especially those involved in sugar beets, potatoes and timber
strongly support the change, which they emphasize would bring Idaho in line with surrounding states including Utah, Nevada, Wyoming and Montana.
The state bill, HJM008, known as a memorial, was introduced by Rep. Joe Palmer, R-Meridian, and referred March 6 to the Senate Transportation Committee.
Members of Idahos federal delegation have long pushed for the change and see several opportunities to implement it this year, and say passage of the state memorial would facilitate their efforts.
It helps us to make the case to our counterparts here that our state is asking for fair treatment, and its not just a couple of senators and congressmen who are convinced this is the way to go, said Sen. Mike Crapo, R-Idaho.
Crapo recently introduced standalone legislation to raise Idahos trucking weight limit, which has remained lower than many other states since the government implemented an interstate trucking weight limit freeze in the
1980s. Rep. Mike Simpson, also
R-Idaho, introduced an identical bill on the House side.
Crapo also intends to pursue an Idaho increase soon in a transportation appropriations bill, and hes backing a bill to implement a nationwide 129,000-pound standard. Furthermore, he may pursue the change in the forthcoming highway bill reauthorization.
Mark Duffin, executive director of the Idaho Sugar Beet Growers Association, said 129,000-pound trailers are readily available to haul Amalgamated beets.
A lot of beets are moved to various factories on the interstate, Duffin said.
He said states such as Vermont and Kentucky have already succeeded in increasing their limits.
Randy Hardy, an Oakley, Idaho, farmer who serves on the National Potato Councils executive committee, said his organization has named increasing truck weight limits among its four priorities for the year. Though increased weight limits have faced opposition, including from railroads, Hardy said the extra axle gives them greater breaking power than lighter trucks, and reducing the number of trucks on the road cuts shipping costs and improves traffic safety.
Idaho more than any other state depends on truck traffic going back East as far as fresh potatoes go, Hardy said.
Idaho Trucking Association board member Jason Andrus added theres a national shortage of truck drivers, and his company must use smaller trucks than surrounding states allow when it hauls fertilizer, salt or grain outside of Idaho.
In 2013, Idaho passed legislation approving permanent 129,000-pound weight limits on certain highways where pilot projects had been in place for several years. The law also allowed the Idaho Transportation Department to hold hearings and approve additional routes with 129,000-pound weight limits at the request of industry.
ITD spokesman Adam Rush said ITD has already approved additional 129,000-pound limits on Idaho 55 near Caldwell, at Amalgamated Sugars request, and on U.S. 12 and U.S. 95 near Grangeville, for hauling lumber at the request of Baker Truck Service.
Contact Mike
Issues
Other News
MEDIA CENTER
Idaho Delegation Announces Academy Day
If you are having trouble reading this message, try viewing the
web version
BIOGRAPHY
|
NEWS CENTER
|
ISSUES
|
SERVICES FOR YOU
|
2ND DISTRICT
|
CONTACT
Click Here Click Here