
Stay Connected:
Meet
Adam
Issues
&amp; Legislation
News
&amp; Media
16th
District
How
Can I Help You?
Contact
Adam
February 20, 2015
Sixteenth District Update
Dear Friend,
I hope this update finds you well.
I am truly honored by the opportunity to represent the people of the 16th Congressional District and wanted to take a moment to share photos from some of my recent visits around the district.
I encourage you to also visit my website, Facebook and Twitter, where you can find regular updates about my work at home in the 16th District and in Washington.
Hope to see you soon,
Adam
Convening the First Agriculture Advisory Council of the 114th Congress
Congressman Kinzinger convened the 16th District Agriculture Advisory Council he established for its first meeting of the 114th Congress.
The Congressman shared a legislative update and discussed an array of topics with representatives from all 14 counties. One of the first topics to be discussed was the permanent extension of Section 179 which gives farmers the ability to plan for the future when investing in property and equipment. The committee also discussed the need for national infrastructure improvements and the importance of domestic energy production. The meeting concluded with the Will County Farm Bureau presenting Congressman Kinzinger with their Agriculture Support Award for the work he has done to promote and protect Agriculture in the 16th District.
Touring the Medina Manor Retirement Center
Congressman Kinzinger met with CEO, Holgeir Oksvevad, and administrators of Medina Manor Retirement Center and toured the facility. The largest employer in Durand, this award winning institution has been serving seniors and their families since 1965. The staff shared some of the negative impacts the implementation of Obamacare has caused and how changes to the law could benefit their residents and community. The Congressman also met with some of the residents, listened to their concerns and answered their questions on a broad range of topics.
Meeting with Transform Rockford
Congressman Kinzinger met with Mike Schablaske, the Executive Director of Transform Rockford, a non-profit organization focused on creating and implementing a strategic plan to transform Rockford into a Top 25 Community by 2025. Congressman Kinzinger was glad to discuss several ways that he and his office could work together to achieve this goal. Dont forget to share photos of your favorite things about Rockford with the hashtag, #LoveRockfordMore!
Touring the Cardiology Department at Morris Hospital
Congressman Kinzinger visited Grundy Countys largest employer, Morris Hospital. The Congressman received a tour of the Cardiology Department from the Hospital Administration Manager, Ann Finnegan, and cardiologists Dr. Syed Ashmed and Dr. Patrick OConnor. He enjoyed seeing some of the lifesaving equipment this facility has to offer to Grundy County residents.
Tune in Sunday!
Congressman Kinzinger sat down with Sean Muserallo from WREX in Rockford for their weekly community affairs program, 13 Cares.
They discussed a range of local topics including the threat of ISIS and bringing manufacturing jobs back to the Rockford area.
Be sure to tune in to WREX this Sunday, February 22nd at 7:30AM to catch the interview.
Stay Connected
Please continue to
let me know your thoughts and concerns
about issues facing our community. I hope you will forward this update to your friends, family and neighbors who can sign up
here .
In Case You Missed It
Congressman Kinzinger discusses the Presidents proposed AUMF against ISIS with Wolf Blitzer on CNNs The Situation Room .
Congressman Kinzinger discusses ISIS on America's Newsroom .
Washington D.C. Office
1221 Longworth HOB
Washington, DC 20515
Phone: (202) 2253635
Fax: (202) 2253521
Ottawa District Office
628 Columbus Street, Ste. 507
Ottawa, IL 61350
Phone: (815) 4319271
Fax: (815) 4319383
Unsubscribe
|
Update My Profile
|
Privacy Policy
Click Here Click Here