
HOME
|
About Mike
|
Contact YOUR Office
|
Serving You
|
Newsroom
|
Legislative Work
|
4th District
|
Resources
WEBSITE
| SHARE ON:
Greetings,
On Monday I had the privilege of joining more than 3,000 citizens, soldiers, and elected officials to make the case for the future of Fort Riley.
As part of a 30-base nationwide tour by the Department of the Army to review its overall force structure, public and private listening sessions were held in Junction City.
This provided the community the opportunity to share its stories demonstrating the importance of Fort Riley.
The outpouring of support from educators, health care professionals, veterans and families was heartfelt and conveyed the pride the community rightly feels to be the home of the Big Red One.
Maj. Gen. Paul Funk, Fort Rileys commanding general, started the listening session off with a message from the Riley soldiers currently stationed in Iraq.
Around 50 other community members also had the opportunity to share why Fort Riley is such an integral part of the region.
As an Army veteran and now as a member of both the House Intelligence Committee and Benghazi Select Committee, I understand the threats facing our nation.
Now, as in generations past, we need the soldiers at Fort Riley to continue to be the tip of the spear in defense of our freedom.
I had the opportunity to speak directly with Brigadier General Cloutier, who conducted the listening session, to share my perspective on the impact Fort Riley has on U.S. national security.
Whether it is training Iraqi forces to take on ISIS or building hospitals in Africa to combat Ebola, the soldiers at Fort Riley have never let our nation down.
My opening statement at the listening session.
You can also see local coverage of this event on KSN
here , and read my recent Op-Ed in the Junction City Daily Union newspaper on why the nation needs Fort Riley
here .
The soldiers at Fort Riley are world-class.
Some Ive known for decades having served with them in the Army; others I have met since leaving my business career in 2011.
It is an honor for me to do everything in my power as a Congressman, former fellow soldier, and as a Kansan to see Fort Riley flourish for generations to come.
Deputy Commanding General Eric Wesley and I were cadets together at West Point.
Big Red Ones motto is: No Mission Too Difficult, No Sacrifice Too Great, Duty First.
What I witnessed at the listening session was a tribute to this slogan with everyone standing together, speaking with one voice, and saying: Fort Riley is importantnot only to Kansas,but to the nation.
Sincerely,
Mike Pompeo
Member of Congress
Connect With Mike
NOTE: Please
DO NOT
respond to this email as this
inbox is unattended . To contact my office please
click here
WASHINGTON, DC OFFICE
436 Cannon HOB
Washington, DC 20515
Phone:
(202) 225-6216
Fax:
(202) 225-3489
WICHITA, KS OFFICE
7701 E. Kellogg, Suite 510
Wichita, KS 67207
Phone:
(316) 262-8992
Fax:
(316) 262-5309
UPDATE SUBSCRIPTION OPTIONS
|
PRIVACY POLICY
|
CONTACT US
Click Here Click Here