
If you are having trouble viewing this message or would
like to share it on a social network, you can
view the message online .
March 03, 2015
Update My
Profile
A MESSAGE FROM CONGRESSMAN STENY H. HOYER
Wanted to be sure you saw my blog post on
TheBayNet.com calling on the House to pass the Senates clean, bipartisan bill
to fund the Department of Homeland Security for the entire fiscal
year. To read the post, click
here
or see
below:
Hoyer Urges Congress to Fund Homeland
Security
By Congressman Steny H. Hoyer
For the second
week in a row, Congress is facing a manufactured crisis with the
Department of Homeland Security on the verge of a dangerous shutdown.
There are just four days left for House Republicans to allow a vote
that will prevent funding for DHS from expiring, and a failure to do so
would put the safety of Maryland families at risk during a time of
increased threats.
In December, House Republicans chose
to fund DHS separately from the rest of the government. In January,
when they returned to this issue, rather than passing a bill funding
DHS for the remainder of the fiscal year, they attached amendments to
the bill intended to target the Presidents executive actions on
immigration. This controversial measure failed to pass the Senate four
times.
When it was clear that bill wouldnt pass the Senate in that
form, Majority Leader Mitch McConnell held a vote on a clean bill
without any unrelated provisions on immigration included
to fund DHS for
the remainder of the year. That bill passed with bipartisan
support.
After that vote, and with time running short, House
Republicans refused to bring the bipartisan Senate bill to the Floor.
Instead, on Friday
the day DHS was set to run out of funds
they brought a
short-term, three-week extension to the Floor. That bill was
defeated; three weeks does not give DHS the certainty it needs to plan ahead
and ensure the American people are protected, and it also does not
provide certainty to the 4,500 DHS employees in Maryland, including many
in the Fifth District.
These employees should not have to be
concerned every few weeks about preparing to be furloughed or forced to
work without pay.
In a letter to Congress, Homeland Security
Secretary Jeh Johnson wrote: A mere extension of a continuing resolution
has many of the same negative impacts. A short-term continuing
resolution exacerbates the uncertainty for my workforce and puts us back in
the same position, on the brink of a shutdown just days from
now.
The House ultimately passed a one-week continuing resolution to
provide additional time to bring the Senate bill to the Floor for a
vote. I expect we will see that bill on the Floor this week so that we
can keep DHS open and provide certainty to its employees. Failure to do
so would result in a shutdown, which would have real consequences in
our state. If DHS were to shut down, grants that help our Maryland and
Fifth District public safety officials would be halted.
These
include firefighter assistant grants; the Transit Security Grant, which
improves security measures at our bus and rail systems; and the Port
Security Grant Program, which provides security services at the Port
of Baltimore.
Also affected would be approximately 600
Transportation Security Administration workers at Thurgood Marshall
Baltimore/Washington International airport.
These employees are essential to
the screening of passengers and the examination of cargo to prevent
against threats such as terrorism or drug trafficking.
These
dedicated public servants, who work hard every day to keep our
country and Maryland safe, deserve the security and certainty of knowing
they will be paid for the work they do and will not be furloughed.
Thats why I cosponsored the DHS Employee Retroactive Pay Fairness Act
last week, which would ensure that all DHS employees receive
retroactive pay in the event of a shutdown, regardless of furlough
status.
House Republicans ought to stop prioritizing partisan politics
ahead of protecting our homeland security.
Instead, I hope they
will work with Democrats to protect the safety of our nation and
ensure that DHS has the certainty of funding for the balance of the fiscal
year.
I will continue to stand up for the employees of DHS and
for the dedicated men and women serving across the federal workforce,
and I urge my Republican colleagues to do the right thing and permit a
vote before this week is over on the clean, full-year funding bill
that the Senate has already passed, and which the President has said he
would sign
As always, thank you for allowing me to share
this update with you, and please continue to share your concerns and
insights with me by contacting my office or connecting with me on
Facebook ,
Twitter ,
or
YouTube .
With
warmest regards, I am
Sincerely yours,
Steny H. Hoyer
Update My Profile
Unsubscribe
|
Privacy Policy
This is an official e-mail from
Congressman Steny Hoyer. You have
received this
e-mail because you subscribed to Congressman Hoyer 's
E-Newsletter, authorizing Rep. Hoyer to send periodic updates to
your
e-mail address.
We are
committed to protecting your privacy, so
your e-mail
address will NEVER be sold or exchanged. If you would like
to unsubscribe from this newsletter, please reply to this
message with
"Unsubscribe" in the subject line.
gateway mail end 