
Photo of the Week
I really enjoyed visiting with members of the North Carolina Home Builders Association. During our meeting, we had an opportunity to talk about the challenges that small business owners face and ways that Congress can work to ease the strains and stresses placed upon them.
Weekly Update
This week in the district, I had the opportunity to attend a grand opening of a new dialysis center in Harnett County. This new facility is called Fresenius Medical Care Anderson Creek and offers an 11-station dialysis clinic. As a nurse, I know just how time-consuming the dialysis process can be as patients spend many hours receiving treatment away from their homes.
This facility will play an important role in providing local residents with a comfortable environment where they can receive exceptional care.
I hope you will take a few moments to read a piece I wrote for the
Washington Times
with a colleague and fellow nurse, Congresswoman Diane Black (R-TN). In this piece we discuss our time in Guatemala working within the communities to educate women and mothers on the importance of proper nutrition. By equipping these communities with the tools they need to sustain themselves, we can actually reduce our long-term foreign aid costs and create an environment where mothers and fathers want to build a life for their families.
Please inform Second District high school students that the deadline for submitting artwork for the 2015 Congressional Art Competition is April 3. I would love to display artwork from the talented artists living within the District, so please visit
this website
for more information.
Thank you for reading, and please continue reaching out to my offices in Asheboro, Dunn, and Washington D.C.
Dialysis Center Grand Opening
This picture was taken a few moments before the official ribbon-cutting ceremony began. This new facility is called the Fresenius Medical Care Center and is located in Cameron, North Carolina.
I enjoyed speaking with staff at the new facility on the numerous ways this dialysis center will provide a better quality of life for citizens living in and around the Harnett County area.
Visiting with the N.C. Home Builders Association
I enjoyed speaking with members of the N.C. Home Builders Association this week. I had an opportunity to update them on the ways the House is working to reduce burdensome regulations, expand job opportunities, and work towards enacting a tax reform plan.
The Congressional Art Competition
The submission deadline is fast approaching! Please tell any interested Second District high school students to submit their artwork by April 3, 2015. Visit
this website
for additional details.
Helping Women Build Stronger Families
Below is a brief excerpt on a piece I co-authored with my colleague, Representative Diane Black from Tennessee, in
The Washington Times .
"Our nursing experience in the U.S. taught us how to cope with emergency complications for expecting mothersbut the situation is even more daunting for mothers in rural Guatemala. Its a struggle every day to access basic health services and education. Women, for example, lack transportation to get to a doctor or the money to pay for the ride. The nearest hospital is two hours away. To solve this problem, Manuala and groups like CARE are bringing health services and education directly to these women in rural communities. Research has shown that many of these pregnancy complications are preventable with better nutrition, hygiene and planning."
WEBSITE
|
UNSUBSCRIBE
|
CONTACT
Click Here Click Here