
RAND'S NEWSLETTER UPDATE
FEBRUARY 20, 2015
Please allow me to update you on this week's happenings in Kentucky.
Dr. Rand Paul Announces Taxpayer Savings: Returns $480,000 to U.S. Treasury from Office Budget
This week, I announced that I have returned $480,000 to the United States Treasury - money unspent from my official operating budget in 2014. Since taking office in January 2011, I have returned a total of $1.8 million to the U.S. Treasury in cumulative yearly operating budget savings. I have returned 17% of my total Senate office budget to taxpayers.
Washington has put out-of-control and reckless spending on autopilot and I have pledged to Kentuckians that I will do everything I can to stop it. I will continue to lead the fight to rein in government spending, both in my own office budget and my votes in the U.S. Senate.
Click
HERE
to read my statement in its entirety.
Dr. Rand Paul Speaks to the Rotary Club of Kenton County
On Tuesday, I was in Crestview Hills and had the opportunity to speak to the Rotary Club of Kenton County. I spoke about my work in the Senate, including my repatriation tax rate proposal, which would provide more revenue for infrastructure projects in Kentucky and across the country.
Thanks so much to Debbie McKinney, who used to work for Sen. Jim Bunning, for helping to organize the event.
Click
HERE
for a story from WKRC Local 12 TV about the event.
(Dr. Rand Paul speaks to the Rotary Club of Kenton Club - February 17, 2015)
Dr. Rand Paul Participates in Round Table Discussion at St. Elizabeth Healthcare in Edgewood
Also on Tuesday, I participated in a round table discussion with physicians and other healthcare professionals at St. Elizabeth Healthcare in Edgewood. We talked about the challenges facing the medical community, including the implementation of the president's health care law.
(Dr. Rand Paul at St. Elizabeth Healthcare - February 17, 2015)
Dr. Rand Paul Holds Round Table Discussion with Refuge for Women Organization
On Wednesday, I was in Lexington. In the morning, I participated in a round table discussion with Refuge for Women, a Kentucky faith-based organization that helps sexually exploited women recover through a three-step program.
I heard from a woman currently participating in the program who had been abused and trafficked as a child. It was incredibly powerful to hear her story and learn about her healing and recovery.
You can learn more about Refuge for Women
HERE .
Dr. Rand Paul Speaks to Commerce Lexington
Also on Wednesday, I spoke to Commerce Lexington. Even with the winter weather, we had a great crowd. I spoke about legislation that I am working on in the U.S. Senate, including criminal justice reform and my repatriation tax rate bill.
(Dr. Rand Paul Speaks to Commerce Lexington - February 18, 2015)
Dr. Rand Paul Participates in Forum on Criminal Justice Reform at Sullivan University
On Friday, I participated in a forum on criminal justice reform at Sullivan University. Many representatives from the community were in attendance, including Louisville Metro Police Department Chief Steve Conrad, and State Reps. Phil Moffett and Jerry Miller.
The event was a follow-up to a forum held at Sullivan earlier in the year.
We discussed several of my proposals to reform our criminal justice system, including the
REDEEM Act , which I introduced with Sen. Cory Booker (D-N.J.)
and the
FAIR Act .
I want to especially thank Sullivan University President Glenn Sullivan for hosting this event, as well as the previous forum. I look forward to continuing to work on this issue in the U.S. Senate.
(Dr. Rand Paul at Forum on Criminal Justice Reform at Sullivan University - February 20, 2015)
Have An Issue Or Concern?
If you are a Kentucky resident and need assistance with a federal agency or concern, feel free to contact the Bowling Green office (270-782-8303) to have a discussion with the appropriate staff member.
Stay in Touch with Sen. Paul's Social Media
You can find updates on what I'm doing by visiting my Senate website,
www.paul.senate.gov
and you can follow my official Google+ account
HERE . You can also subscribe to my YouTube channel
HERE . Don't forget to become a fan of my
official Facebook page
and my
official Instagram page
for other timely updates.
Warm Regards,
To unsubscribe from Rand's newsletter, please visit the
unsubscribe page
