
If you are having trouble viewing this message or would like to
share it on a social network, you can
view the message online .
Congressman
Bruce Poliquin
Representing the 2nd
District
March 06, 2015
Funding
Our Nations Security : On Tuesday, the House of
Representatives passed legislation to fund the United States Department of
Homeland Security.
With increasing threats from ISIL to the United
States of America, and our allies around the world, its imperative for
Congress to fund the Department of Homeland Security. We must do
everything possible to protect Americans at home and
abroad.
E-mail Updates
Yes, please periodically send me e-mail
updates.*
*By subscribing
to my
e-mail updates, you are authorizing me to send regular e-mail
updates from my office to your e-mail account.
ICYMI: Letter to the
Bureau of Alcohol, Tabacco, Firearms &amp; Explosives : Last
week, Congressman Bruce Poliquin joined his colleagues in signing a
letter to the Director of Alcohol, Tobacco, Firearms and Explosives, B.
Todd Jones, expressing concerns of a proposal that would ban one of the
most popular ammunition cartridges used by our Maine hunters.
Its unconstitutional and overreaching for the President to use his
federal agency to restrict our right to keep and bear arms. I will always
fight to uphold and defend the Constitution of the United States and
will make sure our hard-working and law-abiding Mainers are able to
exercise their Second Amendment
rights.
Israeli Prime Minister Addresses Congress : On Tuesday, the
Israeli Prime Minister, Benjamin Netanyahu, addressed members of
Congress at a joint meeting. Congressman Bruce Poliquin was in attendance
and released the following statement -
I will continue to stand
with Israel who has been a close friend and ally to the United States in
helping to create peace and stability in the Middle East. Im hopeful
that the White House listens to Prime Minister Netanyahu and works to
prevent a nuclear Iran.
Poliquin Questions CFPB Director Richard Cordray : On
Tuesday, the House Financial Services Committee held a hearing entitled,
the Semi-Annual Report of the Bureau
of Consumer Financial Protection
with Director Richard Cordray.
I am very concerned about making sure our small-businesses and our
families can get the loans they need to live better lives and grow
their businesses and take care of their families.
United Nations Arms Trade Treaty : On Monday,
Congressman Bruce Poliquin joined his colleagues in sending a letter to
President Obama on the United Nations Arms Trade Treaty.
Growing
up in Maine, I understand the importance and necessity of the Second
Amendment for our hard-working taxpayers and I am determined to
protect that right.
Share on Facebook
OFFICE
LOCATIONS:
WASHINGTON, DC OFFICE
426 Cannon House Office Building
Washington, DC 20515
Phone:
(202) 225-6306
Fax: (202) 225-2943
BANGOR, ME OFFICE
6 State Street
Suite 101
Bangor, ME 04401
Phone: (207) 942-0583
Fax: (207) 942-0583
LEWISTON, ME
OFFICE
179 Lisbon Street
Lewiston, ME 04240
Phone: (207)
784-0768
PRESQUE ISLE, ME OFFICE
631 Main Street, Suite 2
Presque Isle,
ME 04769
Phone: (207) 764-1968
Unsubscribe
|
Update My Profile
|
Privacy Policy
