DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.0 Transitional//EN" "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml1/DTD/xhtml1-transitional.dtd"
Email Newsletter
Recently in Washington
Last week the House passed H.R. 529, to strengthen and modernize 529 college savings accounts.
The bill passed 401-20.
529 college savings accounts are savings plans in which money accrued is tax free and there is no withdrawal penalty as long as the money is spent on the costs of college.
The House also last week approved the motion to go to conference on H.R. 240, the House passed Department of Homeland Security Appropriations Act, 2015, and passed a one week continuing resolution for the bill.
Congressman Simpson supported all three efforts.
Simpson Examines Energy, Environment Budgets
Questions Agency Leaders on Nuclear Fuel Storage and Regulatory Overreach, Including Clean Water Act Regulations
Idaho Congressman Mike Simpson last week held a hearing with Secretary of Energy, Dr. Ernest Moniz and attended a hearing with Administrator Gina McCarthy of the Environmental Protection Agency (EPA). Simpson is the Chairman of the Energy and Water Appropriations Subcommittee and Vice Chairman of the Interior and Environment Appropriations Subcommittee.
At the first hearing, Simpson noted that the Obama Administration has once again proposed a significant increase for Energy Efficiency and Renewable Energy while proposing to reduce Fossil Energy and Nuclear Energy. Simpson also discussed the long term strategic goals of the Department of Energy and questioned Secretary Moniz on whether the administrations request for the currently shut-down Waste Isolation Pilot Plant (WIPP) will fully support the target dates of reopening the facility in March of 2016.
In response to Secretary Monizs comments that Yucca Mountain is an unworkable solution due to the lack of a consent-based process in selecting it, Chairman Simpson said, Consent-based is in the eye of the beholder.
Talk to the local county commissioners around Yucca Mountain. They support it.
Thats consent-based.
Secondly, the Blue Ribbon Commission was precluded from looking at Yucca Mountain (as an option) for anything.
So to be fair, lets admit that the decision not to proceed with Yucca Mountain after spending billions of dollars there was a political decision.
In the afternoon, Simpson questioned Administrator McCarthy on the EPAs fiscal year (FY) 2016 budget request. Simpson expressed deep concerns with the EPAs proposed rules regarding the Clean Water Act.
We arent talking about waters that were unregulated before. These were regulated by the state, said Simpson. I think this is a vast expansion of the EPAs jurisdiction.
Simpson has been a leading voice in opposing the EPA rule and last year secured provisions in the Cromnibus appropriations bill that restricted the administrations application of the Clean Water Act in certain agricultural practices for soil and water conservation.
EPAs FY16 budget request is a 6% increase from FY15 which, if enacted, would be the third largest budget in EPA history. The EPAs request represents a stark contrast to when Congressman Simpson chaired the Interior and Environment Appropriations Subcommittee and wrote budgets that scaled back the agencys funding to below FY1978 levels.
The EPA ignores the realities of our debt and deficit by requesting increased spending, said Simpson after the hearing. Idahoans dont want EPA overreach and I am concerned this budget is designed to do just that. This subcommittee will continue to challenge the EPAs obtrusive policies that far too often harm the economy and kill jobs.
Simpson Discusses Wildfires, Sage Grouse and Expresses Support for PILT with DOI Secretary
Idaho Congressman Mike Simpson, vice-chairman of the House Interior Appropriations Subcommittee, discussed the need to change the budget process for wildfires during Secretary of Interior Sally Jewells testimony to the subcommittee on Wednesday. Simpson is the lead sponsor of H.R. 167, the Wildfire Disaster Funding Act, which would end the destructive cycle of fire borrowing and would treat catastrophic wildfires like other natural disasters such as hurricanes and floods.
Like many of my Western colleagues, I have seen the impacts of catastrophic wildfires first hand as they rage across Idaho each summer, threatening the lives and property of my constituents.
In order to manage our federal lands, we need to stop using funding intended for land management to fight fires. This is a devastating cycle and it is destroying our forests, said Simpson. Until we address this issue, anything we do to increase needed management activities in the forests, like hazardous fuels removal, timber harvest, conservation, or trail maintenance, will continue to be decimated during wildfire season. Fixing the wildfire budget is the critical first step in making our forests healthier and, ultimately, reducing the cost of wildfires in the future.
Secretary Jewell included similar language in her fiscal year 2016 budget request and commended Congressman Simpson for his work on H.R. 167, which has bipartisan support in the House of Representatives and U.S. Senate.
Congressmen Simpson and Congressman Schrader (D-OR) introduced legislation earlier this year to make common sense changes to the federal wildfire budget.
Last Congress, H.R. 167 was cosponsored by 140 Members of Congress and was supported by a broad coalition of over 300 organizations.
Were either going to pay for fires by taking the money from other budgets and try to repay them later, which doesnt work, or we are going to find a better way to manage this account, said Simpson. Im pleased to see Secretary Jewell address this vital change in wildfire funding in her budget proposal and I look forward to working with my colleagues in Congress to advance this much needed change.
Congressman Simpson also raised concerns regarding a potential listing of the sage grouse which has a court ordered listing deadline in September of this year.
I have long said that the Department needs to fully engage the states in order to ensure we are doing everything possible to prevent a listing, said Simpson after the hearing. I am concerned that if the Department doesnt honor the language which prevents the agency from writing a rule, stakeholders may not have adequate time to finish their management plans that are essential to preventing the listing. I will continue to advocate for the states involvement in this process.
Congressman Simpson closed the hearing by encouraging the Secretary to look at a long term solution for the Payment in Lieu of Taxes program that would provide certainty to Idaho counties.
Committee Schedule
Tuesday
At 8:30 a.m., the House Labor, Health and Human Services, Education Subcommittee on Appropriations held a hearing with National Institutes of Health Director Francis S. Collins.
At 1:00 p.m., the House Interior and Environment Subcommittee on Appropriations held a hearing with U.S. Forest Service Chief Tom Tidwell.
Wednesday
At 10:00 a.m., the House Labor, Health and Human Services, Education Subcommittee on Appropriations will hold a hearing with Department of Education Secretary Arne Duncan.
At 1:00 p.m., Chairman Simpson will host a House Energy and Water Appropriations Subcommittee hearing regarding weapons activities at the National Nuclear Security Administration.
Thursday
At 9:00 a.m., the House Interior and Environment Subcommittee on Appropriations held a hearing with National Park Service Director Jon Jarvis.
Floor Schedule
MONDAY, MARCH 2ND
On Monday, the House will meet at 12:00 p.m. for morning hour and 2:00 p.m. for legislative business. Votes will be postponed until 6:30 p.m.
Legislation Considered Under Suspension of the Rules:
1)
H.R. 294
- Long-Term Care Veteran Choice Act, as amended
(Sponsored by Rep. Jeff Miller / Veterans Affairs Committee)
2)
H.R. 280
- To authorize the Secretary of Veterans Affairs to recoup bonuses and awards paid to employees of the Department of Veterans Affair, as amended
(Sponsored by Rep. Jeff Miller / Veterans Affairs Committee)
TUESDAY, MARCH 3RD AND THE BALANCE OF THE WEEK
On Tuesday, the House will meet at 9:30 a.m. for legislative business and recess immediately. The House will reconvene at approximately 10:45 a.m. for a Joint Meeting of Congress to receive His Excellency Benjamin Netanyahu, Prime Minister of Israel.
On Wednesday, the House will meet at 10:00 a.m. for morning hour and 12:00 p.m. for legislative business.
On Thursday, the House will meet at 9:00 a.m. for legislative business. Last votes expected no later than 3:00 p.m.
On Friday, the House may meet in pro forma session.
H.R. 749
- Passenger Rail Reform and Investment Act of 2015, Rules Committee Print (Subject to a Rule)
(Sponsored by Rep. Bill Shuster / Transportation and Infrastructure Committee)
H.R. 1029
- EPA Science Advisory Board Reform Act of 2015, Rules Committee Print (Subject to a Rule)
(Sponsored by Rep. Frank Lucas / Science, Space, and Technology Committee)
H.R. 1030
- Secret Science Reform Act of 2015, Rules Committee Print (Subject to a Rule)
(Sponsored by Rep. Lamar Smith / Science, Space, and Technology Committee)
Possible consideration of legislation related to Department of Homeland Security Appropriations
Contact Mike
Issues
Other News
MEDIA CENTER
Simpson Speaks at Potato Fly-In
If you are having trouble reading this message, try viewing the
web version
BIOGRAPHY
|
NEWS CENTER
|
ISSUES
|
SERVICES FOR YOU
|
2ND DISTRICT
|
CONTACT
Click Here Click Here