
If you are having
trouble viewing this message or would like to share it on a social
network, you can
view the
message online .
HOME
NEWS
SERVICES
LEGISLATION
CONTACT
February 09, 2015
The President's Reckless Budget
President Obama has released his
Fiscal Year 2016 budget. The Presidents proposal includes a $2.4 trillion
spending increase, a $2.1 trillion tax increase and adds $8.5 trillion
to the national debt. And, as expected, his budget never, ever
balances. As we have seen over the past several years, this fiscally
irresponsible approach will yield less opportunity for the middle class and a
crushing burden of debt that threatens both our future prosperity and
our national security. A proposal that never balances is not a
serious plan for Americas fiscal future. Especially when we have to borrow
money just to afford the programs that are already in
place.
Clearly, a new
direction is needed. As Chairman of the House Budget Committee, I look forward
to working with my colleagues to build a budget that will balance and
not take more from hardworking families just to spend more in
Washington. After all, every dollar that is taken from Americans in taxes
and every dollar borrowed
is a dollar that cant be spent on real
priorities like paying for a childs education, buying a car, paying
rent, paying a mortgage, or buying a house. That is why the budget that we
will present to the American people will make government more
efficient and accountable to hard-working taxpayers, lift the regulatory
burden on families and job creators, and embrace the innovative spirit
that drives American entrepreneurship and success. This is how we, as a
nation, can lay the foundation for a healthy economy and a responsible
federal budget.
Transparency &amp;
Accountability
Last week, the House of
Representatives debated and passed two pieces of legislation, H.R. 50 and H.R.
527, to increase transparency at regulatory agencies so they are
forced to consider the impact their directives have on states and small
businesses across the country. Job creators and hard-working families
have experienced the slowest recovery from an economic downturn in
modern history, due in no small part to an overactive regulatory regime at
the federal level. It is imperative that we ramp up accountability
across the board and shine a light on the number of unfunded mandates
that are handed down from Washington in order to recognize, and hopefully
mitigate, the damage thats being done. Its an important part of
creating an economic environment conducive to growth and
opportunity.
Additionally, the
House of Representatives voted to repeal Obamacare. This law is moving
our health care system in the wrong direction where the American people
are paying more and getting less. We need true health reform that
makes the system more responsive to patients, families and doctors
reforms that preserve and protect the doctor-patient relationship. To
learn more about my plan, the
Empowering Patients First Act , that would promote
patient-centered health care,
click
here .
Exciting News in GA06
Mercedes-Benz
has announced that they will be relocating their United States
headquarters to Sandy Springs. This is a testament to the healthy
environment for job growth and opportunity that has been encouraged and
created by folks living and working in the Sixth District. We look
forward to working with Mercedes, its leadership and employees as they
become a part of our community.
Please Feel
Free to Tell a Friend E-mail:
E-mail: E-mail:
Share on Facebook Share on
Twitter
Washington DC
Office
100 Cannon House
Office Building
Washington DC
20515
Phone: 202-225-4501
Fax: 202-225-4656
District
Office:
85-C Mill Street,
Suite 300
Roswell, GA 30075
Phone: 770-998-0049
Fax: 770-998-0050
Internet:
Web:
http://tomprice.house.gov
E-mail:
E-mail Tom by clicking here
Unsubscribe
|
Update My Profile
|
Privacy
Policy
