
Babin Bulletin | March 22, 2015
Click here
if you have trouble viewing this email
Babin Introduces Legislation to Protect Texas Taxpayers
I'm excited to announce that we introduced our first bill on Thursday, the No Taxpayer Bailouts for Unsustainable State and Local Pensions Act (H.R. 1476). This bill prohibits the U.S. Treasury Department and the Federal Reserve from offering any sort of bailout to a state or local government pension system. Since arriving in Congress, my office has been briefed extensively on the strong health of the pension systems in Harris County and throughout Texas.
Sadly, thats not the case across the country.
Weve seen reports about other states and municipalities that are on an unsustainable course that threatens the retirement savings of their enrollees.
It is the responsibility of the state and local governments that sponsor such plans for their employees to fund them.
It is not the responsibility of the citizens of Texas to bail them out for their poor decisions.
Our bill makes it clear that they will not get a bailout from the American taxpayer. To learn more about H.R. 1476, please
click here .
It's Time to Put an End to
EPA's 'Secret Science'
I spoke on the House floor this week in strong
support of
H.R. 1030, the Secret Science Reform Act of 2015, which puts an end to the Environmental Protection Agency (EPA)'s era of secret science by shedding light on the agency's taxpayer funded studies. The American people deserve greater accountability and transparency from the EPA and that is exactly what this bill does. To watch my floor speech, please
click here .
Net Neutrality Poll Results
In our recent
constituent survey , we asked if you supported the Federal Communications Commission (FCC)'s new regulations over the Internet. An overwhelming majority (76%) voiced their opposition to the FCC's recently approved 332 pages of new net neutrality standards. I could not agree more and I am committed to reining in the FCC and keeping the federal government out of the Internet.
Babin Highlights Risks of EPA's Costly New Ozone Rules
The EPAs proposed ozone standards represent one of the most costly regulations in U.S. history
and few areas would be impacted more than the 36th District of Texas, which is home to numerous petrochemical plants and oil refineries. At a recent House Committee on Science, Space, and Technology hearing, I asked a panel of experts if they thought the EPAs new standards were worth putting our local jobs and national economy at risk. Check out their response by
clicking here .
Babin in the News
Babin visits Cleveland dialysis clinic
(Cleveland Advocate)
Republican chairman says EPA has 'muzzled dissenting voices'
(The Hill)
Republicans file a bill to take down Operation Choke Point
(The Blaze)
Snap-shots
from the Week
Congressman Babin on the Capitol steps with a group of students and teachers from Seabrook's Bay Elementary School.
Congressman Babin speaks to a group of young men and women at the Politics and Principles Luncheon about his personal testimony of how he came to faith in Jesus, and how that faith has impacted his life's journey.
Forward to a Friend
|
Share on Facebook
|
Share on Twitter
UPDATE SUBSCRIPTION OPTIONS
|
PRIVACY POLICY
|
CONTACT US
Click Here Click Here