
Dear Friend,
Thank you for signing up to receive my email newsletter. These
newsletters will cover a variety of topics, including events happening
in Indiana, legislation being considered in Congress, and my
perspective on current issues. My hope is to keep you updated and
informed on how issues in Washington may impact Hoosiers. I welcome
your feedback.
Thanks for reading,
Dan Coats
_____
Iran Must Be Denied Nuclear Weapons Capability
For the past seven years, both in and out of Congress, I have been
involved in efforts to prevent Iran from developing nuclear weapons
capability.
Merely announcing that Iran cannot be allowed to get a nuclear weapon
is not enough. Iran must not develop even the technical capability to
manufacture such a weapon. A nuclear weapons capable Iran is as
dangerous as a nuclear armed Iran, because it throws up a cloud of
ambiguity about Iran's actual intentions.
There are many who find a mistaken sense of comfort in the view that
Iran has not yet made a formal decision to develop a nuclear weapon.
This is a delusion.
Iran's industrial-strength uranium enrichment enterprise has gone from
800 centrifuges nine years ago, when the international community first
expressed alarm, to 19,000 now. We know the Ayatollah is on a quest for
190,000 as soon as international constraints are removed.
The Iranian pursuit of uranium enrichment is not for the manufacturing
of medical isotopes and reactor fuel. Its purpose is to produce nuclear
bombs.
I have long called for using the full range of tools to prevent Iran
from reaching its nuclear goal. These include negotiations, coupled
with ever-increasing sanctions pressure, and a credible threat of the
use of military force if the negotiations and sanctions fail to lead to
Iran's commitment to cease its pursuit of nuclear weapons capability.
Over the past few weeks, there has been a lot of discussion about the
Obama Administration's ongoing negotiations with Iran and what the role
of Congress should be on this subject. A settlement of issues regarding
Iran's nuclear program is of paramount importance to the security of
the American people and the world.
Any proposed agreement requires thorough review and deliberation by
Congress. On an issue of such vast significance, an agreement requires
a bipartisan consensus and mutual support by both the executive and
legislative branches of our government.
All Senate Republicans, and I believe many Senate Democrats, are in
agreement on the overall objective of avoiding a bad deal with Iran. A
bill introduced by Senators Bob Corker (R-Tenn.) and Robert Menendez
(D-N.J.) that would require Congress to approve any deal with Iran is
close to achieving the support of the 67 or more senators needed to
overturn President Obama's promised veto.
Any agreement with Iran that allows restrictions on Iran's nuclear
program to be time-limited must be rejected, and any agreement with
Iran that does not impose permanent restraints on their nuclear
ambitions is no agreement at all. Without these provisions, Iran will
have the wealth, technical expertise, industrial infrastructure, and,
if given a sunset provision, the international acquiescence to do
whatever it likes.
Iran's pursuit of nuclear weapons capability is an issue of such
historic consequence and potential harm that the Senate must work
together to ensure the ability to undo what may be coming our way. I am
urging my Senate colleagues, Republican and Democrats, to rise above
any political considerations and work together to ensure Iran is
prevented from getting the bomb.
Lack of bipartisan consensus at this moment is likely to lead to a
fatally flawed deal that destroys more than a decade of effort to bring
Iran to cease its goal of nuclear weapons capability.
To watch my speech on the Senate floor click here
or on the image.
Coats in the News
WASTE OF THE WEEK: Amnesty Bonuses
Coats presses Furman on President's willingness to engage in deficit
reduction
Sen. Coats talks government waste, failed bipartisanship effort
Coats named economic panel leader
Visionaries can help create a regional renaissance
_____
Stay Connected
_____
Coats with Hoosiers
I enjoyed chatting with Notre Dame University students.
I chaired my first Joint Economic Committee hearing this week.
I enjoyed hearing about the great work the Indiana Philanthropic
Alliance is doing.
Members of the Indiana Soybean Alliance stopped by to discuss issues
facing Hoosier farmers.
_____
To unsubscribe please
Click Here
Contact Me
Latest News
A message
from Senator Dan Coats
Dear
Friend,
Thank you for signing up to receive my email
newsletter. These newsletters will cover a variety of topics,
including
events happening in Indiana, legislation being
considered
in Congress, and my perspective on current issues.
My
hope is to keep you updated and informed on how issues in Washington may impact Hoosiers. I welcome your
feedback.
Thanks for reading,
Dan Coats
Iran Must Be Denied Nuclear Weapons Capability
For
the past seven years, both in and out of Congress, I have been involved in efforts to prevent Iran from
developing nuclear weapons capability.
Merely announcing that Iran cannot be allowed to get a nuclear weapon is not enough.
Iran must not develop even the technical capability to manufacture such a weapon. A nuclear weapons capable
Iran is as dangerous as a nuclear armed Iran, because it throws up a cloud of ambiguity about Iran&#8217;s
actual intentions.
There are many who find a mistaken sense of comfort in the view that Iran has not yet
made a formal decision to develop a nuclear weapon. This is a delusion.
Iran's industrial-strength uranium enrichment enterprise has gone from 800 centrifuges
nine years ago, when the international community first expressed alarm, to 19,000 now. We know the Ayatollah
is on a quest for 190,000 as soon as international constraints are removed.
The Iranian pursuit of uranium enrichment is not for the manufacturing of medical isotopes
and reactor fuel. Its purpose is to produce nuclear bombs. I have long called for using the full
range of tools to prevent Iran from reaching its nuclear goal. These include negotiations, coupled with
ever-increasing sanctions pressure, and a credible threat of the use of military force if the negotiations
and sanctions fail to lead to Iran&#8217;s commitment to cease its pursuit of nuclear weapons capability.
Over the past few weeks, there has been a lot of discussion about the Obama Administration's
ongoing negotiations with Iran and what the role of Congress should be on this subject. A settlement
of issues regarding Iran&#8217;s nuclear program is of paramount importance to the security of the American
people and the world.
Any proposed agreement requires thorough review and deliberation by Congress. On an
issue of such vast significance, an agreement requires a bipartisan consensus and mutual support by both
the executive and legislative branches of our government.
All Senate Republicans, and I believe many Senate Democrats, are in agreement on the
overall objective of avoiding a bad deal with Iran. A bill introduced by Senators Bob Corker (R-Tenn.)
and Robert Menendez (D-N.J.) that would require Congress to approve any deal with Iran is close to achieving
the support of the 67 or more senators needed to overturn President Obama's promised veto.
Any agreement with Iran that allows restrictions on Iran&#8217;s nuclear program to
be time-limited must be rejected, and any agreement with Iran that does not impose permanent restraints
on their nuclear ambitions is no agreement at all. Without these provisions, Iran will have the wealth,
technical expertise, industrial infrastructure, and, if given a sunset provision, the international acquiescence
to do whatever it likes.
Iran&#8217;s pursuit of nuclear weapons capability is an issue of such historic consequence
and potential harm that the Senate must work together to ensure the ability to undo what may be coming
our way. I am urging my Senate colleagues, Republican and Democrats, to rise above any political considerations
and work together to ensure Iran is prevented from getting the bomb.
Lack of bipartisan consensus at this moment is likely to lead to a fatally flawed deal
that destroys more than a decade of effort to bring Iran to cease its goal of nuclear weapons capability.
To watch my speech on the Senate floor click
here
or on the image.
Coats
in the News
WASTE
OF THE WEEK: Amnesty Bonuses
Coats
presses Furman on President's willingness to engage in deficit reduction
Sen.
Coats talks government waste, failed bipartisanship effort
Coats
named economic panel leader
Visionaries
can help create a regional renaissance
Stay
Connected
Coats with Hoosiers
I
enjoyed chatting with Notre Dame University students.
I
chaired my first Joint Economic Committee hearing this week.
I
enjoyed hearing about the great work the Indiana Philanthropic Alliance is doing.
Members
of the Indiana Soybean Alliance stopped by to discuss issues facing Hoosier farmers.
To
unsubscribe please
Click
Here
Contact
Me Latest
News
