
If you are having trouble viewing this
message or would like to share it on a social network, you can
view the message online .
About Lynn
|
Constituent Services
|
Issues
|
Media Center
|
Legislative
Center
|
Georgia's Third District
|
Contact Me
March 01, 2015
Capitol
Corner: The Time to Eliminate ISIL is
Now
Last week while I was back in Georgia, I received a lot of
questions about the Presidents weak response to the extremist group, ISIL.
I hear you and I agree with you whole heartedly. The President has
done nothing to assure the American people that he will do whatever it
takes to eliminate and destroy these murderers. While President Obama
is focusing on political correctness, ISIS is growing
stronger.
Early in February, ISIL showed the
extent of its barbarism when 27 year old Lt. Moath al-Kasasbeh, a
Jordanian army pilot and ISIL hostage, was burned alive. It is one of the
most savage murders in the name of religion the world has ever seen.
The very next day, King Abdullah II of Jordan unleashed airstrikes on
ISIL pledging that they will annihilate and punish those who murdered
one of their soldiers. Meanwhile, President Obama was at the National
Prayer Breakfast in Washington, D.C. preaching political correctness
and excuses when referring to the barbaric actions of radical Islam. His
criticism of Christian and American history at the National Prayer
Breakfast was highly offensive to many, including
myself.
Just last week, 21 Coptic Christians
were beheaded in Libya by ISIL. It is a cold, hard fact that they were
murdered for no other reason than their religion. The very same week,
the White House hosted a Countering Violent Extremism Summit, where
President Obama quibbled with labels and understanding the different
types of extremist. We have been dealing with extremism for decades and
the Presidents summit was, as usual, too little, too late. But to the
families of the 21 Christian men, Jordanian pilot, and British,
Japanese, and American hostages
these murders all fight under the name
and mission of
ISIL.
Instead of focusing on labels, the President needs to turn his attention
to eliminating radical Islamic terrorists. President Obamas military
authorization should have been presented to Congress last year. The
United States should have had been world leaders and been the first to
stand up against ISIL. They have had too much time to recruit, grow, and
continue with death and destruction. It must end. Ive said from the
start, we dont want to put our soldiers in danger, but we cant rule
out any of our options that could be effective in defeating these
terrorists.
Americans believe in
and cherish religious freedom. The problem is that Christianity is
facing persecution across the globe, even here in the United States,
where pilgrims originally came for religious freedom. We grieve with the
families of the 21 Christians in Libya and we have not forgotten who
the real threat is. Our Commander in Chief should not continue to show
deference to the barbaric and outright evil members of ISIL, and the
time to eliminate these radical terrorists is
now.
Share on Facebook
Share on
Twitter
Westmoreland Applauds New Army National
Guard Cyber Protection Station in
Georgia
On February 25, 2015, Army National Guard
officials at the National Guard Bureau have announced that Georgia has been
selected for one of the new 10 Army National Guard cyber protection
stations. Georgia is already home to the U.S. Armys Cyber Command
Headquarters, located at Fort Gordon in Augusta, and this selection
solidifies the state as a strong contributor to the United States cyber and
intelligence efforts.
I would
like to formally welcome the Army National Guards new cyber protection
team to Georgia. It is an honor to have our state selected for the
cyber protection station, and it will be a great addition to the crucial
cyber and national security work this state produces. The National
Guard Bureaus development of the cyber protection teams is a significant
step towards improving state and federal cyber defense programs and
capabilities, and will help grow the manpower needed to combat the new
threat of cyberterrorism our nation faces every day. I look forward to
working with and supporting the efforts of the National Guard Bureau
on cyber issues to protect the citizens of our
nation.
Each of the 10 cyber stations will be staffed by
specially trained National Guard citizen-soldiers to be qualified as
Army Cyber Soldiers. The selection process was a highly competitive
process; including the review of 45 states, territories and the District
of Columbia, and the careful evaluation of 32 nomination
packets.
I am a member of the House Permanent
Select Committee on Intelligence, where I serve as Chairman of the
NSA and Cybersecurity Subcommittee.
Share on
Facebook
Share on Twitter
Join the Conversation
Tell
a Friend
E-mail:
In Other News
Westmoreland: Ga House Republicans Oppose Obama Administration Proposed Ammo
Ban
I joined my fellow Georgia House Republicans in
sending a letter to the Director of the Bureau of Alcohol, Tobacco,
Firearms and Explosives Bureau expressing serious concern of the
agency's framework that would effectively ban common ammunition for
Americas most popular rifle, the AR-15. I strongly oppose this framework
and will continue to fight to protect your Second Amendment
right...
The Hill: Historic vote set for
Internet rules
A new day is dawning in
Washingtons battle over the Internet. The Federal Communications Commission will
vote Thursday to issue regulations designed to guarantee equal access
to the Internet, despite staunch opposition from Republicans and
under the threat of lawsuits from major companies
Politico: IRS watchdog probing 'potential criminal
activity' in Lerner email mess
The IRS watchdog on
Thursday night said it is probing whether there could be criminal
activity involving the way IRS handled the lost-then-found emails of
ex-official Lois Lerner, but it cautioned lawmakers not to jump to
conclusions, as the investigation is ongoing
Reuters: Air strikes hit IS in Syria after 220 Christians
abducted
A U.S.-led alliance launched air strikes against
Islamic State on Thursday in an area of northeast Syria where the
militants are now estimated to have abducted at least 220 Assyrian
Christians this week, a group monitoring the war reported
The Wall Street Journal: Islamic State Militant
Known as Jihadi John Identified
The masked
Islamic State militant known as Jihadi John, who has appeared in several
execution videos, has been identified as British citizen Mohammed
Emwazi, Western officials said
The
Washington Post: Mortgage rates continue their
ascent
Mortgage rates continued their ascent this week, pushed upward by a
couple of optimistic housing reports
WASHINGTON, DC OFFICE 2202 Rayburn House Office
Bldg Washington, DC 20515 Phone (202) 225-5901 Fax (202) 225-2515
THIRD DISTRICT
OFFICE
1601-B East Highway 34 Newnan,
Georgia 30265 Phone (770) 683-2033 Fax (770) 683-2042
Unsubscribe
|
Update My Profile
|
Privacy Policy
