
Dear Friend,
Thank you for signing up to receive my email newsletter. These
newsletters will cover a variety of topics, including events happening
in Indiana, legislation being considered in Congress, and my
perspective on current issues. My hope is to keep you updated and
informed on how issues in Washington may impact Hoosiers. I welcome
your feedback.
Thanks for reading,
Dan Coats
_____
Debate Homeland Security Funding
On February 27, funding for the Department of Homeland Security (DHS)
will run out. At this critical time in our country's national security,
it is important that we fully fund our homeland security needs.
With the expiration of homeland security funding drawing closer, Senate
Democrats are insisting that Congress pass an appropriations bill that
implements the president's executive order making major changes to our
immigration law, even though this issue is clearly the responsibility
of the people's elected representatives.
Their argument is that unless Republicans choose to accept President
Obama's unlawful exercise of executive power then the GOP will be
responsible for any lapse in funding. Nothing could be further from the
truth.
In 2008, presidential candidate Barack Obama said, "I take the
Constitution very seriously. The biggest problems that we're facing
right now have to do with trying to bring more and more power into the
executive branch and not go through Congress at all. And that's what I
intend to reverse when I'm President of the United States of America."
Then in 2011, that same candidate, now the president of the United
States, remarked that, "With respect to the notion that I can just
suspend deportations through executive order, that's just not the case,
because there are laws on the books that Congress has passed."
And in 2013, President Obama stated, "I'm not a king. You know, my job
as the head of the executive branch ultimately is to carry out the law.
And, you know, when it comes to enforcement of our immigration laws,
we've got some discretion. We can prioritize what we do. But we can't
simply ignore the law."
Despite these and many other public comments from President Obama about
how he could not change existing immigration law via executive order,
late last year he chose to ignore the wishes of the American people and
grant amnesty via executive action. This decision was greeted by a
torrent of criticism, and not just from Republicans. At least eight
Senate Democrats voiced concern over the president's go-it-alone
strategy on immigration.
Republicans in the House and the Senate have been working hard to pass
legislation that would fully fund DHS while also holding President
Obama accountable for his lawless executive amnesty. Unfortunately,
Senate Democrats have repeatedly chosen to block debate on the
House-passed DHS funding bill in order to defend the very executive
overreach many of them denounced.
This is an extremely important issue with great significance to all
Americans, which is why Republicans are offering a fair and open debate
that would allow for amendments from both parties. We want to ensure
every senator's voice is heard. Unfortunately, Democrats have rejected
this debate.
Unless they agree to debate this issue - not necessarily to agree with
Republicans, but just to engage in debate - the Department of Homeland
Security will not receive the vital funding it needs. Failing to do so
will mean that Democrats are willing to prioritize an unconstitutional
power grab over funding our homeland security priorities.
_____
Support Balanced Budget Amendment
To see me speak on the Senate floor about a balanced budget amendment
to the Constitution, click here
or on the image.
Coats in the News
Dan Coats: Repeal tax on medical devices
Medical device makers in Indiana pursuing repeal of tax
Coats proposes notification of tax status to nonprofits
On the Record: Coats, White House discuss Obama visit
Coats Charity Bill Passes Finance Committee
_____
Stay Connected
_____
Coats in DC
I enjoyed meeting with Indianapolis Mayor Greg Ballard.
I visited with Indiana Secretary of State Connie Lawson during her
visit to Washington.
I chatted with Mooresville High School students participating in Junior
State America.
_____
To unsubscribe please
Click Here
Contact Me
Latest News
A message
from Senator Dan Coats
Dear
Friend,
Thank you for signing up to receive my email
newsletter. These newsletters will cover a variety of topics,
including
events happening in Indiana, legislation being
considered
in Congress, and my perspective on current issues.
My
hope is to keep you updated and informed on how issues in Washington may impact Hoosiers. I welcome your
feedback.
Thanks for reading,
Dan Coats
Debate Homeland Security Funding
On
February 27, funding for the Department of Homeland Security (DHS) will run out. At this critical time
in our country&#8217;s national security, it is important that we fully fund our homeland security needs.
With the expiration of homeland security funding drawing closer, Senate Democrats are insisting
that Congress pass an appropriations bill that implements the president&#8217;s executive order making
major changes to our immigration law, even though this issue is clearly the responsibility of the people&#8217;s
elected representatives.
Their argument is that unless Republicans
choose to accept President Obama&#8217;s unlawful exercise of executive power then the GOP will be responsible
for any lapse in funding. Nothing could be further from the truth.
In 2008, presidential candidate Barack Obama said, &#8220;I take the Constitution very seriously.
The biggest problems that we&#8217;re facing right now have to do with trying to bring more and more
power into the executive branch and not go through Congress at all. And that&#8217;s what I intend to
reverse when I&#8217;m President of the United States of America.&#8221;
Then in 2011, that same candidate, now the president of the United States, remarked that, &#8220;With
respect to the notion that I can just suspend deportations through executive order, that&#8217;s just
not the case, because there are laws on the books that Congress has passed.&#8221;
And in 2013, President Obama stated, &#8220;I&#8217;m not a king. You know, my job as the head
of the executive branch ultimately is to carry out the law. And, you know, when it comes to enforcement
of our immigration laws, we&#8217;ve got some discretion. We can prioritize what we do. But we can&#8217;t
simply ignore the law.&#8221;
Despite these and many other public comments from President Obama about how he could not change
existing immigration law via executive order, late last year he chose to ignore the wishes of the American
people and grant amnesty via executive action. This decision was greeted by a torrent of criticism, and
not just from Republicans. At least eight Senate Democrats voiced concern over the president&#8217;s
go-it-alone strategy on immigration.
Republicans in the House and the Senate have been working hard to pass legislation that would
fully fund DHS while also holding President Obama accountable for his lawless executive amnesty. Unfortunately,
Senate Democrats have repeatedly chosen to block debate on the House-passed DHS funding bill in order
to defend the very executive overreach many of them denounced.
This is an extremely important issue with great significance to all Americans, which is why Republicans
are offering a fair and open debate that would allow for amendments from both parties. We want to ensure
every senator&#8217;s voice is heard. Unfortunately, Democrats have rejected this debate.
Unless they agree to debate this issue &#8211; not necessarily to agree with Republicans, but
just to engage in debate &#8211; the Department of Homeland Security will not receive the vital funding
it needs. Failing to do so will mean that Democrats are willing to prioritize an unconstitutional power
grab over funding our homeland security priorities.
Support
Balanced Budget Amendment
To
see me speak on the Senate floor about a balanced budget amendment to the Constitution, click
here
or on the image.
Coats
in the News
Dan
Coats: Repeal tax on medical devices
Medical
device makers in Indiana pursuing repeal of tax
Coats
proposes notification of tax status to nonprofits
On
the Record: Coats, White House discuss Obama visit
Coats
Charity Bill Passes Finance Committee
Stay
Connected
Coats in DC
I
enjoyed meeting with Indianapolis Mayor Greg Ballard.
I
visited with Indiana Secretary of State Connie Lawson during her visit to Washington.
I
chatted with Mooresville High School students participating in Junior State America.
To
unsubscribe please
Click
Here
Contact
Me Latest
News
