
F ebruary 23, 2015
Share this email:
Congressman Griffith's Weekly E-Newsletter 2.23.15
Monday, February 23, 2015
Serving You
Readers of this column may recall that, earlier this month, I wrote about the Internal Revenue Service (IRS) and the fact that they are sending limited forms and few free instruction booklets to assist with filing tax returns this year.
While in Wytheville last week, I was speaking with a constituent who had checked his local library, courthouse, etc. for the information he needed to file his taxes.
When he found these places did not have the materials he needed, he contacted our office for assistance acquiring tax forms and instructions.
He told me last week that our office promptly provided him with the resources he required.
As a reminder, Ninth District residents without internet access can contact my office (see below) for assistance acquiring tax forms and instructions.
IRS forms and instructions can also be found online at www.irs.gov to be downloaded and printed.
A Government of Laws, Not Men
As you may know, the appropriations process is the process that appropriates funding for government activities such as national defense, homeland security, education, etc.
While my colleagues and I in the House of Representatives worked the last several years to pass appropriations bills in regular order, then-Majority Leader Harry Reid shielded Senators from hard votes and protected the President from having to sign or veto such bills.
And this year, now-Minority Leader Reid and his Democrat colleagues, at the time of the writing of this column, have voted three times to block the Department of Homeland Security (DHS) appropriations bill passed by the House on January 14.
They have repeatedly obstructed even debating this bill in order to protect President Obamas actions on immigration, much of which this House-passed bill would roll back.
In our House bill, the Presidents questionable actions have been defunded.
Further, the Judicial branch has questioned his authority and, of course, the President himself previously acknowledged at least 22 times that he did not have the authority to take the actions he took on immigration.
The court must determine if the actions are unconstitutional.
But I think
without his having authority
his dictates are unlawful, and that Congress is obligated to exercise its prerogative of the purse as an equal branch of government.
Notwithstanding clear action in the House challenging his authority and a court questioning his authority, the Senate Democrats obstruction comes despite some Senators having publicly stated their concerns about the Presidents immigration actions.
Sadly, no end is in sight as of the writing of this column.
According to
The Hill , "Another vote
and another filibuster
are expectedas a [DHS] shutdown looms at the end of the month."
I have previously taken issue with the modern interpretation of the Senate filibuster rule, doing so in columns dated: November 16, 2012; September 22, 2014; November 3, 2014; and December 15, 2014.
Again, I urge Senate Republicans to revert to the historical filibuster rule.
Regardless, I and 169 other House Republicans recently sent a letter to Minority Leader Reid, demanding that he stop the obstructionism and allow the DHS appropriations bill to be debated.
"President Obamas actions are tilting the scales of our government in the executives favor, threatening to unravel our system of checks and balances and imperiling all our liberties,
the letter reads.
And,
The House of Representatives has acted decisively to defend the Constitution from this clear and present danger by voting to defund the presidents executive actions.
For the sake of our nation, our two bodies must stand together on a bipartisan basis.
But in order to do this, the Senate Democrat caucus must cease to play politics with the Constitution."
The beauty of our system of government is that when one branch overreaches, the other two can work to bring the balance of power back into alignment.
As the saying goes, our government is one of laws, and not of men.
This debate is not about whether you like the Presidents immigration policy.
Its about whether you like the rule of law.
A federal judge recently issued an injunction temporarily blocking President Obamas actions on immigration.
The Administrations Justice Department is appealing the ruling of the court, but two branches of government remain: the courts should make decisions to return the balance of power, and Congress must use its power of the purse.
If you have questions, concerns, or comments, feel free to contact my office.
You can call my Abingdon office at 276-525-1405 or my Christiansburg office at 540-381-5671.
To reach my office via email, please visit my website at www.morgangriffith.house.gov.
Also on my website is the latest material from my office, including information on votes recently taken on the floor of the House of Representatives.
###
Washington, DC Office
1108 Longworth HOB
Washington, D.C. 20515
T (202) 225-3861
F (202) 225-0076
Abingdon Office
323 West Main St.
Abingdon, VA 24210
T (276) 525-1405
F (276) 525-1444
Christiansburg Office
17 West Main St.
Christiansburg, VA 24073
T (540) 381-5671
F (540) 381-5675
UPDATE SUBSCRIPTION OPTIONS
|
PRIVACY POLICY
|
CONTACT US
Click Here Click Here