
If you are having trouble viewing
this message or would like to share it on a social network, you can
view the message
online .
Home
Contact Me
About
Services
News
Issues
February 08, 2015
Dear
David,
This week, Congress looked both to the
past and to the future when it comes to our nation's veterans. To honor
the past, I attended a presentation of the Congressional Gold Medal,
our nation's most prestigious civilian award, where World War II
veterans of the First Special Service Force were honored. Kate Brooke-Beyer
of Eden Prairie came to Washington with her husband, Marc, for the
ceremony because Kate's father, Francis, was a member of the unit. Take
a look at
pictures from the ceremony
here .
And very importantly, Congress took a big step in helping our
servicemen and women by passing and finalizing legislation for the
President to sign into law. The bill improves mental health and suicide
prevention programs at the VA and the Department of Defense to help
soldiers transition to civilian life after the military. With an
average of 22 veterans taking their lives each day, action needed to be
taken. I want to congratulate my Minnesota colleague, Tim Walz, for his
leadership in moving this important bipartisan legislation
forward.
Finally, I joined many of my colleagues this week in
introducing legislation to ensure that private emails are protected from
searches by the government unless a warrant is obtained. Email privacy laws
haven't been updated since 1986 and under current law, a warrant isn't
neccesary to look through emails that are over 6 months old. It's
time to modernize the law and protect privacy.
Also, if you
haven't had a chance to listen to my interview with WCCO's Dave Lee,
you can find it here . We talked about my anti-sex
trafficking legislation and the President's budget.
Have a
great week and if I can be of help to you or your family, please give
my office a call. Join the conversation online by visiting my
website ,
Facebook page ,
Twitter , and please watch my most recent video,
Erik's Correspondence Corner .
Sincerely,
Erik Paulsen
Member of Congress
Anti-Human
Trafficking Legislation Passed by House
The House of
Representatives took action to go after the horrific crime of sex trafficking by
passing 12 seperate bills to combat this problem. One of these bills
was legislation I authored, the
Stop Exploitation Through
Trafficking Act , to encourage states to adopt "Safe Harbor" laws and treat
children involved in trafficking as victims, not criminals. These
bills all passed with broad, bipartisan support and improve
victim services like the funding of more beds for trafficked children,
and go after websites, like Backpage.com, that profit from sex
trafficking advertisements. Currently, there are only 200 beds nationwide for
victims of sex trafficking despite estimates that over 100,000 children
are at risk of becoming a victim
annually.
Supporting Our Fallen Police Officers and
Firefighters
Behind every safe community are police officers and firefighters
that are unafraid to put their life on the line. We owe them a debt of
gratitude for the work they do day-in and day-out. I've introduced
legislation, the
Don't Tax Our Fallen Public Safety Heroes Act ,
to ensure that families of these officers don't face an undue tax
burden should their loved one give their life in the line of duty. Because
of ambiguities in the tax code, these families could face federal
taxes on death benefits paid by the federal government or their state. We
must ensure that full benefits go to these grieving families in their
time of need.
Helping People with
ALS
Medical technology has made a world of difference for
patients with neurological and degenerative disablities by allowing them to
communicate with friends and family through the use of Speech
Generating Devices (SGD). Sadly, shortsighted and cumbersome government
policies threaten access to these critical devices for the millions of
people that use them. I am cosponsoring a bill, called the
Steve
Gleason Act , to protect patient access to these life-improving devices.
Steve Gleason is a former NFL player diagnosed with ALS and now
communicates through the use of an SGD that tracks eye movement. He is also
a recognized leader in the ALS community.
Erik with Eden Prairie residents
Kate Brooke-Beyer and her husband, Marc. Kate's father was honored in
Washington for his WWII
service.
Congressman Paulsen
speaks at a press conference about his anti-human trafficking
legislation passed by the
House.
Erik joins Leah Beno for an interview on
Fox9.
###
Unsubscribe
|
Update My Profile
|
Privacy Policy
gateway mail
end 