
E-news Sign-up
Tuesday February 3, 2015
CONTACT STEVEN
Palazzo Votes to Repeal Obamacare
WASHINGTON, D.C.
Congressman Steven Palazzo (MS-4)
released the following statement regarding todays House passage of H.R. 596, a bill
to repeal the Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act.
Over the years, the president has made promise after promise to the American people that he couldnt keep. He promised individuals who liked their healthcare plan that they could keep their plan; many could not.
He promised families his healthcare law would save them money; many have seen increases in premiums of up to $3,000.
He promised that his plan would create jobs and boost the economy, but in reality his mandate has caused businesses to suffer and weve seen a reduction in labor force.
The list goes on and on
Since its very inception Obamacare has been bad for individuals, bad for families, and bad for businesses.
The American people are fed up and rightly so.
That is why in the House weve wasted no time in passing this bill to repeal Obamacare.
Our bill will finally put an end to the harmful policies that were forced upon the American people by the broken-promise president and allow us to replace them with conservative, common-sense reforms that provide real solutions.
Only five weeks into the 114 th
Congress, and the House of Representatives is making it clear that WE intend to keep our promises.
I have faith in our Senate colleagues to follow through with their end of the bargain as well. The American people have spoken and we are listening to themwill the
president?"
H . R .
596 repeals both Obamacare and health care-related provisions in the Health Care and Education Reconciliation Act of 2010 that aided in its implementation. This bill also lays the groundwork for appropriate congressional committees with jurisdiction to craft a serious, patient-centered healthcare alternative.
Congressman Palazzo is also a co-sponsor of this bill.
NOTE: Please DO NOT respond to this email as this inbox is unattended. To contact my office please
click here
UNSUBSCRIBE
|
PRIVACY POLICY
|
CONTACT US
Click Here Click Here