DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.0 Transitional//EN" "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml1/DTD/xhtml1-transitional.dtd"
February 6, 2015
Visit My Website
|
Forward to a Friend
| Find me on:
House Votes to Fully Repeal Obamacare
I voted this week to fully repeal Obamacare and pave the way for patient-focused alternatives that put Americans
not federal bureaucrats
in charge of their health care decisions. The presidents disastrous health care law was sold to the American people on a bed of false promises. Since the day it was enacted, Obamacare has done nothing but restrict choice, limit access, and burden families and small businesses with higher costs.
The Obamacare experiment has run its course. The law must be fully repealed and replaced with solutions that protect jobs and restore health care choice and access for American families.
The bill to repeal Obamacare passed 239-186. You can read more about it
here .
The President's $4 Trillion Budget Request
The $4 trillion budget request that President Obama submitted to Congress this week is nothing but a roadmap to higher taxes, higher spending, and higher deficits. The presidents plan would increase spending by $2.4 trillion, hike taxes by $2.1 trillion, and add another $8.5 trillion to the national debt. Even after all the tax increases and fuzzy math by the White House, the presidents budget never balances.
Following the introduction of the presidents budget, Treasury Secretary Jack Lew came before the Ways and Means Committee to testify about the proposal. I pressed Secretary Lew on the complete failure of the presidents budget to address our nations rising debt and deficits. I also confronted him about the budgets $95 billion tax hike on energy producers
an industry that has created millions of good-paying jobs while bringing greater strength to both the Texas and American economies.
Raising taxes on American families and job creators is the opposite of what our nation needs. As the House crafts its own budget, I will push for a conservative, balanced proposal that reduces the tax burden, fosters investment and job growth, and promotes economic opportunity for all Americans.
VIDEO:
Marchant Presses Treasury Secretary on President's $4T Budget
My full statement on the presidents Fiscal Year 2016 budget request can be found
here .
Constituent Survey Results
Thank you to the nearly 3,000 constituents who took the time to participate in my recent survey. Below are the top answers for each of the issue questions.
Question 1: What issues matter most to you? Participants were asked to select up to three choices.
Top Three Answers:
Budget, taxes, and government spending (19%)
Border security and immigration enforcement (18%)
Government accountability and transparency (12%)
Question 2: Which do you believe is the most pressing issue facing our nation in the long term?
Top Answer:
Unsustainable debt and deficits (47%)
Question 3: In your opinion, what should be done to improve our immigration system?
Top Answer:
Secure the borders and strictly enforce the laws on the books (63%)
Again, thank you to everyone for your time and participation. Your feedback is very important to me. If you would ever like to contact me about an issue of concern, please do not hesitate to send me an email or call one of my offices.
Constituents Visiting our Nation's Capital
24th District School Boards
UPS &amp; Texas Trucking Association
Representatives from the Hurst-Euless-Bedford and Grapevine-Colleyville Independent School Districts came in to tell me how federal regulations are impacting the schools of my district. Based on
our conversation, it is clear that we need to reduce the federal footprint in education so that local school districts, parents, and teachers can better address the unique needs of each child.
Constituents with UPS and the Texas Trucking Association spoke with me about issues facing their industry. UPS and the trucking industry employ a significant number of people in my district. Their work to transport the goods we rely upon every day plays a critical role in supporting our economy.
Click the "Like" button and follow me on Facebook to get daily updates on how I am serving you and the 24th District of Texas.
It is an honor to represent you in Washington and I value your input. Please don't hesitate to contact one of my offices or
send me an email .
UPDATE SUBSCRIPTION OPTIONS
|
PRIVACY POLICY
|
CONTACT US
