
If you are having trouble viewing
this message or would like to share it on a social network, you can
view the message
online .
About Lynn
|
Constituent Services
|
Issues
|
Media Center
|
Legislative Center
|
Georgia's Third District
|
Contact Me
February 22, 2015
Capitol Corner: Senate Democrats Are Stalling DHS
Funding
In January, the House passed funding for the
Department of Homeland Security that funds the agency through September
2015, and most importantly, blocks President Obama and his
administration from granting amnesty to illegal immigrants. Both Republicans and
Democrats have expressed opposition to the President acting alone on
immigration reform, and believe that Congress should be working on a
comprehensive reform that puts the needs of the American people
first.
In a recent ABC poll, 57
percent of registered voters said they disapprove of the Presidents amnesty
plan. Those Americans went to the polls last November and their
voices were heard loud and clear. As a result, Republicans gained the
largest majority in the House since 1928, and won back the
Senate.
We thought we had an
opportunity to get the DHS funding bill quickly to the Presidents desk,
however, Senate Democrats are stalling debate and holding the fate of our
homeland security hostage. Even the eight Senators who have been quoted
in opposition of Obamas amnesty plan are still voting against moving
the bill to a debate. These senators have been nicknamed the
Obstructionist Eight: Senators Joe Donnelly (D-IN), Joe Manchin (D-WV), Heidi
Heitkamp (D-ND), Angus King (I-ME), Al Franken (D-MN), Mark Warner
(D-VA), Claire McCaskill (D-MO), and John Tester
(D-MT).
I joined 170 of my Republican colleagues in
the House in sending a letter to Senate Minority Leader Harry Reid to
ask that the stalling against the DHS appropriations bill end. We need
a frank and honest debate over the bill, and by stalling this process,
they are forcing us to find a funding agreement at the eleventh hour.
Legislating in a hurry is not the way Congress should be working,
especially on controversial and important issues such as the funding for
Americas security. I hope the Senate Democrats quickly realize that
there is no time for more political games and stalling, and that we
must move forward with the priorities of the American
people.
Please
click
here
to view the letter sent by 170 House Republicans to
Senate Minority Leader Harry
Reid.
Share on Facebook
Share on
Twitter
This District Work
Week
At the Ft. Benning Listening Session on Wednesday, I had
the opportunity to give my input on the importance of making sure Ft
Benning's soldiers have all the tools they need to defend our nation,
and that we also protect the investments we have made in our
communities and the base.
I toured PowerTech this week, a
new auto part supply plant in West Point. PowerTech specializes in
transmissions and is a supplier for Kia Motors.
Met with local
stakeholders to discuss the economic impact and importance of West Point
Lake.
Enjoyed meeting the newest
board members of the Troup County Chamber of Commerce over lunch at
the delicious Charlie Joseph's.
Took questions and
gave a congressional update to the White Oak Golden K
Kiwanians.
Share on Facebook
Share on
Twitter
Join the Conversation
Tell a Friend
E-mail:
In Other
News
Westmoreland: 80,000 Lost Lerner Emails Recovered
By IRS Watchdog
Last week some 80,000 emails to
and from former IRS executive Lois Lerner were recovered by the
Internal Revenue Services (IRS) watchdog agency, the Treasury Inspector
General for Tax Administration.
Columbus Ledger-Enquirer: More than 500 fill Trade Center for
Army's listening session on Benning cuts
U.S. Rep.
Lynn Westmoreland said he opposed the Budget Control Act of 2011 that set
the reductions in motion. He said taxpayers want a return on their
investments which include $3.5 billion at Fort Benning and another $3.2
billion for schools, infrastructure and other
improvements
Fox News: Lawsuit: Fire chief terminated
because of Christian faith
The city of Atlanta
fired its fire chief solely because of his religious beliefs about
same-sex marriage and homosexual conduct, according to a lawsuit filed
Wednesday in federal court Rep. Barry Loudermilk penned a letter calling
on the city to reinstate the fire chief. It was signed by six members
of the delegation
including Rep. Buddy Carter, Rep. Lynn
Westmoreland, Rep. Tom Price, Rep. Austin Scott and Rep. Jody
Hice
AJC: Georgias tab for latest water wars
litigation: $4M and rising
Georgias
leaders warned taxpayers to brace for a more expensive legal battle
over water. We now have our first glimpse of exactly how much it will
cost...
Peach Pundit: Transportation Funding Act Changes
Unveiled
At a Wednesday afternoon meeting of the House
Transportation Committee, Chairman Jay Roberts revealed additional
changes made to House Bill 170, the Transportation Funding Act. There are
three significant changes from the previous
version...
Breitbart: Texas Federal Court Issues Injunction to Stop Obamas Executive
Amnesty
Texas Federal Judge Andrew Hanen issued a
temporary injunction halting the Executive Amnesty program announced last
year by President Barack
Obama...
Fox News: Obama urges social
reforms to combat terror, hit for
double-speak
President Obama doubled down Thursday on his strategy for
confronting terrorism, one that increasingly speaks of long-term social
solutions, but that seems to go out of its way to stop short of
addressing the more immediate challenge: how to stop the barbaric onslaught and
spread of the Islamic State and other Islamic radical
groups...
Politico: Behind the curtain, troubles persist in
HealthCare.gov
Behind the scenes, HealthCare.gov is
still a mess. The back end of the Obamacare website still isnt
properly wired to the health insurance
companies
Reuters:
White House denies U.S. scheduled to meet with Taliban on peace
deal
The White House denied reports from
senior Pakistani army officials that U.S. officials planned to meet with
the Taliban on Thursday, a spokeswoman
said
WASHINGTON, DC
OFFICE 2202 Rayburn House Office Bldg Washington, DC
20515 Phone (202) 225-5901 Fax (202) 225-2515
THIRD DISTRICT OFFICE
1601-B East Highway 34 Newnan, Georgia 30265 Phone
(770) 683-2033 Fax (770) 683-2042
Unsubscribe
|
Update My Profile
|
Privacy
Policy
