
If you are having trouble viewing this
message or would like to share it on a social network, you can
view the message online .
February 13, 2015
Unsubscribe
Update My Profile
Website
|
Meet Rodney
|
11th
District
Services
|
Newsroom
|
Contact
Rodney
e-News 2/13/15
President Obama
sends AUMF to Congress
Towards a
fairer, more predictable tax code
Broken
Promises to Ukraine?
Iran Nuclear
Deal
Combating veteran
suicides
Salute to an American Hero: Honoring Congressman
Sam Johnson (TX)
Salute: Valentines for
Vets
participants
President Obama sends AUMF to Congress
This
week, President Obama sent a joint resolution
draft
to Congress titled Authorization for Use of Military Force against
the Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant (ISIL), (AUMF).
You
should know what is in this request.
Brief highlights of the
Presidents comprehensive and sustained strategy outlined in the
AUMF:
U.S. military forces are conducting a systematic
campaign of airstrikes against ISIL..;
would not
authorize long-term, large-scale ground combat operations like those our
Nation conducted in Iraq and Afghanistan;
local
forces, rather than U.S. military forces, should be deployed to conduct
such operations;
Would expire in three
years.
The Presidents request needs serious consideration and
debate, as only Congress has the right to declare war!
However,
as Chairman of the Defense Appropriations Subcommittee, I believe his
proposal masks a whole series of ill-advised military and foreign
policy decisions over the past six years.
Having been ambivalent
about our superpower role in the world, the President now throws these
matters into the lap of Congress to pick up the pieces, at the very time
that things are going badly in Iraq, Afghanistan, Syria, Iran,
Ukraine, Libya, Yemen and around the world!
One important note,
the President retains the 2001 Authorization (existing authorities)
to take action against terrorist organizations, even though he now
offers to share the decision making process as our Commander in
Chief!
Decisive action is necessary and long overdue to protect our
national security interests.
Towards a fairer, more
predictable tax code
The American people deserve
reform to make our tax code fairer and more predictable for
everyone.
A simpler tax code should be an engine for job creation and economic
growth!
The House of Representatives this week passed
bills this week designed to provide a level of certainty for those too
often forgotten about in tax policy: working families and small
businesses.
Of course, larger businesses need that certainty too!
Everyone deserves a simpler tax code that helps them plan for the future
and build a healthy economy.
The bills the House passed
this week move us toward a tax code more friendly to families and small
businesses:
H.R. 636, Americas Small Business Tax
Relief Act of 2015 , creates stability for small businesses
leading to their growth and expansion by making permanent increased
small business expensing in the Section 179 of the tax
code.
H.R. 640 ,
Private Foundation Excise Tax
Simplification Act of 2015 , simplifies the current 1 percent and 2
percent excise tax on private foundation income with a single 1 percent
rate.
H.R. 637, Permanent IRA Charitable
Contribution Act of 2015 , makes permanent the rule allowing certain
tax-free distributions from IRAs for charitable
purposes.
H.R. 641, Conservation Easement Incentive Act of 2015 ,
permanently extends the higher deduction limits and potential 15-year
carry forward of conservation easement gifts.
H.R.
644, Fighting Hunger Incentive Act of 2015 , incentivizes
businesses to contribute excess inventory to local food banks and pantries
by permanently extending a food-inventory donation provision in the
tax code.
H.R. 629, Permanent S Corporation
Built-in Gains Recognition Period Act of 2015 , makes permanent
the reduced recognition period for built-in gains of S
corporations.
H.R. 630, Permanent S Corporation Charitable
Contributions Act of 2015,
makes permanent certain rules regarding
basis adjustments to stock of S corporations making charitable
contributions of property.
All of these bills will
remove uncertainty by making several provisions in the tax code
permanent. It's time that we start to build a tax code that works for
everybodyespecially families and small businesses.
Broken
Promises to Ukraine?
Josh Rogin reports for
Bloomberg , U.S. Hasnt Kept Ukraine Aid
Promises; read it
here .
Iran
Nuclear Deal
Last week, the
Washington Post
editorial board
explored
the dangerous consequences of the Administrations negotiations
with Iran on its nuclear program.
With only weeks left
until a pivotal negotiating deadline, I, too, am concerned by the
continued concessions from this Administration to Iran.
As Chairman
of the House Appropriations Subcommittee on Defense, and their liaison
to the House Intelligence Committee, my objective is simple: Iran
a
state sponsor of terror whose stated goal is the elimination of our
closest ally in the Middle East, Israel- can
never
become a
nuclear weapons-capable state.
The Administrations
negotiations with Iran must be backed by the threat of additional sanctions and
existing sanctions must be fully enforced.
Combating
veteran suicides
This week, the President signed
into law,
the Clay Hunt Suicide Prevention for American Veterans
Act .
This legislation was passed unanimously through the
U.S. House of Representatives and Senate.
Clay Hunt, a Marine
veteran and Purple Heart recipient, devoted his life to helping others
not only through his military service, but by volunteering in Haiti
after the 2010 earthquake and working with veterans dealing with the
scars of war, both physical and emotional.
Unfortunately, Clay
himself struggled with PTSD and depression and tragically took his own
life at the age of 28.
Sadly, these heartbreaking stories have
become all too common.
Helping veterans overcome the scars of
war, both physical and emotional, will continue to be of the highest
priority for this Congress.
Provisions of this legislation
include:
Increasing access to mental health care by
creating a peer support and community outreach pilot program to assist
transitioning service members as well as a one-stop interactive website
of available resources.
Better meeting the demand for
mental health care by starting a pilot program to repay the loan debt of
students in psychiatry so it is easier to recruit them to work at the
Veterans Administration (VA).
Boosting the
accountability of mental health care by requiring annual reviews of DoD and VA
suicide-prevention practices and programs
The Iraq
and Afghanistan Veterans for America (IAVA) and Veterans of Foreign Wars
(VFW) have endorsed these vital reforms.
Read more
here .
Salute to an American Hero:
This past week marked the 42 nd
anniversary of the return
of my friend and colleague Congressman Sam Johnson (TX) from seven
years of captivity in a North Vietnamese POW camp.
Congressman
Johnson served 29 years in the U.S. Air Force and was a member of the
433 rd
Fighter Squadron, Satans Angels.
A
veteran of both the Korean and Vietnam Wars and recipient of multiple
service medals, including the Silver Star, Distinguished Flying Cross,
and Purple Heart, Congressman Johnson survived 42 months of solitary
confinement, along with 10 other POWs, in the infamous Hanoi Hilton
Hao Lo Prison.
Thank you to Congressman Johnson, his wife Shirley,
and all of our service members and their families, for selflessly
putting their lives on the line to protect our freedoms.
Read
more about this amazing story
here .
Salute:
I would thank and salute the over sixty
elementary schools from across New Jerseys 11 th
Congressional
District for their
participation
in my Valentines
for Veterans program.
These wonderful personal notes will
be delivered to Lyons VA Hospital and East Orange VA Medical Centers
to thank our veterans for their service to our country.
Below,
Hilltop Country Day students display their amazing
valentines!
Contact Information
WASHINGTON,
D.C.
2306 Rayburn House Office Building
Washington, DC
20515-3011
(202) 225-5034
NEW JERSEY
30
Schuyler Place, Second Floor
Morristown, NJ 07960
(973)
984-0711
Update
My Profile
-
Unsubscribe
-
Privacy
Policy
