
Fellow Illinoisans:
This week, Congress has been debating a
bill to fund the Department of Homeland
Security. The Senate has done its work and
passed a clean bill to fund the agency, but
now its time for Republicans in the
House of Representatives to do their job.
They are continuing to hold this funding
hostage over the Presidents
immigration policies. They argue that before
funding this vital agency that protects the
safety and security of America, we first must
deport hundreds of thousands of young
immigrants known as Dreamers.
I couldnt disagree more and I think
it is the height of irresponsibility for
Republican leadership to continue with this
strategy.
Many years ago, I authored the DREAM Act
which would give undocumented students a
chance to earn legal status if they came here
as children, are long-term U.S. residents,
have good moral character, and complete two
years of college or military service in good
standing. I am a strong supporter of the
executive actions the President has taken to
improve our broken immigration system,
including Deferred Action for Childhood
Arrivals (DACA), which would put a temporary
hold on the deportations of Dreamers. I have
asked my Republican colleagues to go out into
their communities and meet with these young
people and their families.
Recently, I spoke on the floor of the U.S.
Senate about four Dreamers in Illinois.
Because of the DACA program, these young
immigrants have been able to pursue their
dream of becoming doctors at Loyola
University Chicagos Stritch School of
medicine with the promise that they will
serve in small towns or inner city
neighborhoods in Illinois after they
graduate. Loyola was the first university to
accept DACA recipients and I applaud them for
doing so.
Click on the photo to learn more about
their amazing journeys.
These incredible stories dont stop
at Loyola or in Illinois.
Visit
my YouTube page
to learn about all of the
Dreamers whose stories Ive told.
Ive also asked Dreamers and others
to tell me how DACA is helping them
contribute to their communities by tweeting
at me using
#DACAworks .
Many have responded and I thank them for
doing so. I encourage you to join in the
conversation this week using
#DACAworks .
If Republican leadership has its way,
600,000 young immigrants will be deported,
denying them the opportunity to work in the
United States as doctors, teachers, or
engineers. And denying us the opportunity to
benefit from their many talents. Would
America be a stronger nation if we deport
them? The answer is no.
We are, and will always be, a nation of
immigrants. Thats my story,
thats my familys story, and
thats Americas story. Congress
should fund the Department of Homeland
Security in a responsible way and not with
amendments that deport some of the best and
brightest among us. I continued to highlight
DACA stories this week. You can follow along
at my handle:
@SenatorDurbin
or on my
Facebook
Page.
Sincerely,
Dick Durbin
United States Senator
If you did not sign up to receive this email or no longer
wish to receive future updates, please
click here to unsubscribe .
Sent from the office of U.S. Senator Dick Durbin