
Rick's Weekly Report
To Sign Up Click
HERE
Friend,
Im incredibly honored to serve Georgias 12th district in the House of Representatives. There's a lot of work to do in Washington to get our country back on track. That's why I've been working hard in my first weeks in office on solutions to grow our economy, create jobs and get government out of the way of hardworking families and businesses.
On Wednesday,
Congress passed legislation approving the bipartisan Keystone XL pipeline . This project will create tens of thousands of jobs for Americans, help lower energy costs for families and businesses, and bring us closer to energy independence. After more than 6 years of delays, the President should listen to the American people and sign this bill into law when it comes to his desk.
Last week,
the House passed legislation I cosponsored to fully repeal ObamaCare
and pave the way for a commonsense alternative to the President's disastrous health care law. For too many Georgians, ObamaCare has resulted in skyrocketing premiums, canceled plans and lost access to their doctors. The American people deserve patient-centered reforms that make health care more affordable, protect the patient-doctor relationship, and restore choice and competition.
I continue to hear from Georgians across the 12th district who strongly oppose President Obama's executive overreach on immigration. In January, I stood with my constituents by
voting to fund the Department of Homeland Security and defund the President's unlawful executive amnesty . Unfortunately, Senate Democrats continue to block this bill from even being debated in the Senate. Today I joined many of my colleagues in sending a letter to Senate Minority Leader Harry Reid urging him to stop obstructing this legislation and jeopardizing our homeland security.
President Obama recently submitted his budget proposal to Congress. Yet again, it was filled with the same tax-and-spend policies that have led to irresponsible deficits and our $18 trillion debt. The federal government simply cant continue to spend more than it takes in.Thats why
I have cosponsored a Balanced Budget Amendment to the Constitution
that would require the President to cut wasteful spending and finally balance the budget.
When I ran for office, I made a commitment to fight for term limits to hold politicians accountable, and
I'm cosponsoring legislation to do just that . The American people want to see change from the status quo in Washington, and term limits are a needed step to encourage elected leaders to prioritize the needs of their constituents over politics.
We're also working in the House to rein in top-down regulation hurting small business and imposing extra costs on hardworking families. As a small business owner, I know firsthand how overregulation stifles job creation and holds back economic growth. I'm pleased the House has passed several bills, including the Small Business Regulatory Flexibility Improvements Act and Small Business Tax Relief Act, that provide certainty and cut unnecessary red tape.
It was an honor to have so many from across the district attend my ceremonial swearing-in at the federal courthouse in Augusta. I was also grateful to have the opportunity to discuss some of the priorities I've been working on in my first weeks in office.You can read more in The Augusta Chronicle's recent article
HERE .
While we've made steps forward in the past five weeks, we have a lot of work ahead. My eNewsletter is a great way to stay updated on my efforts for Georgia's 12th district in Congress. Please feel free to share with family, friends and neighbors interested in receiving my "Weekly Report."
I'm also pleased to announce the opening of my district office in Augusta. Constituent service is a top priority of mine, and Im grateful to have an office in Augusta with dedicated staff who share my commitment to helping the people of Georgias 12 th
district.
Click here
for location, contact information and details for the Augusta office's grand opening on March 9. I look forward to seeing folks there, and stay tuned for details on offices I will also be opening in Dublin, Statesboro, and Vidalia.
Hearing from you is the most important aspect of my job. Thank you to all who have already contacted my offices. I encourage anyone needing assistance or wishing to share a comment or a concern to contact me and my staff directly. Information for my offices and the online form to send me an email is available on my website
HERE . You can also find me on
Facebook ,
Twitter , and
Instagram !
I look forward to hearing from you and continuing to work together to make a real difference in Washington and move our country forward.
Sincerely,
Rick W. Allen
Member of Congress
WEBSITE
|
UNSUBSCRIBE
|
CONTACT
