
Friday Mar. 13, 2015
WEBSITE
|
FORWARD TO A FRIEND
| SHARE ON:
It's been a busy first nine weeks! As your new Congressman for Iowa's First District, I'm hard at work both in Washington and in Northeast Iowa fighting for common sense policies that increase opportunities for working families and boost our economy.
My goal is to keep you as informed as possible about my work. Along with this regular newsletter, I use social media for up to the minute updates, so please make sure to follow our official
Facebook
&amp;
Twitter
accounts as well.
Here are some highlights from my time serving you in Congress so far:
In Washington:
The House of Representatives has already passed 47 bills, nearly all with bipartisan support. Here are some key pieces of legislation I supported:
H.R. 529 , t o amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to improve 529 plans . This bill makes changes to the rules for qualified tuition programs (known as 529 plans). This bill will make it easier for hard working Iowa families to save for college.
H.R. 636 , the
Americas Small Business Tax Relief Act . This bill makes permanent Section 179 and other small business tax provisions that will help small business owners in Iowa and across the country.
H.R. 3 / S. 1 , the
Keystone XL Pipeline Act . The bill cleared both chambers of Congress and was
sent to the Presidents desk for him to sign. Unfortunately, the President vetoed this bill and instead said no to new jobs for American workers.
Also as a member of the House Budget Committee I had the opportunity to question the Office of Management &amp; Budget Director Shaun Donovan about the President's Budget proposal. Watch it here:
Unfortunately the news wasn't all good coming out of Washington as the House voted on and passed a
"clean" DHS funding bill
that would provide funding for all of the President's unconstitutional executive orders. I voted "NO" on this legislation because on my first day as member of Congress I took an oath to uphold and protect the constitution of this country.
In Iowa:
I had the opportunity to visit
Kendrick Forestry
and talk with employees about their concerns with the Federal Government.
I also toured
Rockwell Collins
in Cedar Rapids and see the new innovations they are working on.
Im truly honored to be the Congressman for Iowas First District. I appreciate your interest in my Congressional activities, and I will do my best to keep you updated about everything my office is doing to serve you all.
All the best,
Rod
CONNECT
LATEST NEWS
Blum Takes Leadership Role On Section 179
Waterloo/Cedar Falls Courier: Blum questions Budget Director
Blum Co-sponsors WOTUS To Prevent EPA Overreach
Cedar Rapids Gazette: Blum Co-sponsors bills to end congressional pensions, tax on Social Security
Blum Focuses On Common Sense Agenda
KCRG: Iowa Senators, Representatives back in state
NOTE: Please DO NOT respond to this email as this inbox is unattended. To contact my office please
click here
UPDATE SUBSCRIPTION OPTIONS
|
PRIVACY POLICY
|
CONTACT US
