
If you are having trouble viewing this
message or would like to share it on a social network, you can
view the message online .
February 27, 2015
Unsubscribe
Update My Profile
Website
|
Meet Rodney
|
11th
District
Services
|
Newsroom
|
Contact
Rodney
e-News 2/27/15
Frelinghuysen
chairs hearings on Navy, Air Force FY16
budget
Bergen Record :
U.S. approach
to national security should be
challenged
Washington Post :
A
Credibility Gap, Obamas Challenge in Selling an Iran
Deal
Helping New Jersey Families Afford
College
Salute: Introducing girls and young women to
engineering
Frelinghuysen chairs hearing on Navy, Air Force FY16
budget
The House Defense Appropriations Subcommittee, which I chair, kicked
off a series of important oversight budget hearings this week.
The leadership of the U.S. Navy and Marines Corps, Secretary Ray Mabus,
Admiral Jon Greenert and General Joe Dunford appeared before our
Committee on Thursday.
Secretary of the Air Force Deborah Lee James
and the Chief of Staff of the Air Force General Mark Welsh were the
witnesses this morning.
The fundamental responsibility
of members of Congress is to "provide for the common defense."
Article I of the U.S. Constitution authorizes Congress to "raise" armies
and to "provide and maintain a navy."
I take this
responsibility very seriously.
But I also recognize my duty to
comply with the "law of the land."
That is why I informed our
military leaders that the lower spending levels contained in Budget Control
Act of 2011 (BCA), passed by Congress and signed by President Obama,
will force the House Appropriations Committee to draft a defense
appropriations bill for the next fiscal year that strictly adheres to
shrunken spending levels contained in the BCA.
The BCA levels are
$34 billion lower than the Presidents budget wish list.
To me,
and many security experts, these BCA levels are completely inadequate
to support Americas national defense strategy and will jeopardize
our security in an environment of rising global threats.
It
is my hope that when the American people understand the looming budget
danger for our military and intelligence agencies, they will demand
that Congress and the President change course quickly.
Watch
the hearings I chaired with the Navy and Air Force on my website
here .
Bergen
Record : U.S. approach to national security should be
challenged
Of course, lower defense spending is not
the only reason why the United States position as a world leader is
being threatened.
Read my Op-Ed column, U.S. approach to national
security should be challenged in the Wednesday
Bergen
Record
here .
A Credibility Gap, Obamas Challenge in Selling an
Iran Deal
The editorial page editor of the
Washington Post , Fred Hiatt, writes that
Presidents past assurances on Iran fell flat. Read his column, A
Credibility Gap, Obamas Challenge in Selling an Iran Deal
here .
Helping New Jersey Families Afford
College
Many New Jersey families rely on so-called 529
Plans to help finance a college education for their children.
A
529 Plan is a plan operated by a state or educational institution,
with tax advantages and other incentives to make it easier to save for
college or other post-secondary training for a child or
grandchild.
Earlier this year, the Obama Administration suggested applying
new taxes to 529 plans.
However, this week, the House of
Representatives passed H.R. 529, bipartisan legislation that would expand,
modernize, and strengthen tax-free 529 college-savings
plans.
With the cost of tuition up by double digits, the last thing anyone
should contemplate is making it even harder to pay for college. This
common sense bill endorses the value of 529 savings accounts and would
help ensure that higher education and training becomes more accessible
to New Jersey students.
Learn more about 529 plans and
H.R. 529
here .
Salute:
Picatinny Arsenal is working to introduce girls and young
women to engineering and science in STEM careers.
Last night the
Arsenal hosted an Introduce a Girl to Engineering event for 75
local female high school students. The event was designed to encourage
young women to pursue careers in science, technology, engineering,
and mathematics (STEM).
These career fields are still
predominantly male. Although women fill close to half of all jobs in the
U.S. economy, they hold less than 25 percent of STEM jobs.
The
nation and all our Armed Forces, need more women to enter the STEM
fields so that America can continue to be a leader in technical
innovation.
Ed Petersen, Picatinny STEM Program Manager said, This was
an opportunity for local female high school students to interact with
several of our women engineers working in the militarys cutting-edge
STEM fields, and to hopefully help close the gender gap in these
fields.
School districts attending included Bloomfield,
Boonton, Bridgewater-Raritan Regional High School, Dover, East Orange STEM
Academy, High Point Regional, Jefferson, Montclair, Montgomery, Morris
Catholic, Morris Hills Academy, Morris Knolls, Mount Saint Mary
Academy, Mount Olive, Newton, Paramus, Parsippany, Phillipsburg, Pope John
XXIII Regional High School, Randolph, and Sparta, Sussex Technology, and
Verona.
Contact
Information
WASHINGTON, D.C.
2306
Rayburn House Office Building
Washington, DC 20515-3011
(202)
225-5034
NEW JERSEY
30 Schuyler Place, Second
Floor
Morristown, NJ 07960
(973) 984-0711
Update My
Profile
-
Unsubscribe
-
Privacy Policy
gateway mail end 