
Having trouble reading this email?
Click here
to view in your browser.
White House Doubles Down on Failed Polices in Budget Proposal
On Monday, President Obama released his budget proposal for fiscal year 2016. Even though the presidents failed policies were soundly rejected in November, the White House refuses to change course. This budget will never balancein fact, it adds more than $8 trillion to the national debt. Worse, it includes tax increases totaling more than $2 trillion. In these tough economic times when hardworking families are tightening their belts and doing more with less, its time for government to do the same.
I strongly believe that one of the best ways to address out-of-control spending is to add a Balanced Budget Amendment to the U.S. Constitution. Balancing our budget would require tough decisions, but I know its possible to do so without hindering economic growth. Tennessee requires a balanced budget and does not have a state income tax. Our state has proven you can fund the essential services of government and keep your balance sheet in the black. Even better, you can do it without high taxes. I dont know why its so difficult for the federal government to do the same.
Unfortunately, the presidents budget only underscores his unwillingness to work with Congress to truly address our crippling deficit and national debt. Since 2009, weve added $7.5 trillion to the debt, spending more than $21 trillion. Under this plan, total spending will increase by 65 percent over ten years. This is not only unacceptable, its unsustainable. House Republicans have fought for spending reductions, but we must do more. While the American people voted for smaller government, less spending and tax reform that would grow the economy, the president is pushing for more government, runaway spending and higher taxes.
The American people have an expectation for the federal government to work together and get things done. East Tennesseans dont care whose name is on the door and whether they are Republican or Democrat, they worry about being able to pay their mortgage and afford groceries for their family. Frustration with the government is at an all-time high, and rightfully so.
I didnt come to Congress to maintain the status quo, I came to present solutions. Whether its writing a patient-centered alternative to the presidents health care law or pushing for spending reductions, I am committed to getting our country back on track and back to work for you and your family. I want to do everything my in power to make sure were leaving a better country for our children and grandchildren, not a mountain of debt and a maze of government programs.
Feel free to contact my office if we can be of assistance to you or your family.
CONNECT WITH US
E-News Sign-up
Forward to a Friend
Contact Phil
Washington, DC Office
407 Cannon House Office Bldg
Washington, DC 20515
Phone: (202) 225-6356
Fax: (202) 225-5714
Kingsport Office
PO Box 1728
Kingsport, TN 37662
Phone: (423) 247-8161
Fax: (423) 247-0119
Morristown Office
1609 College Park Drive, Suite 4
Morristown, TN 37813
Phone: (423) 254-1400
Fax: (423) 254-1403
Click Here Click Here