
Website
|
About
|
Contact Me
|
Serving You
|
Media Center
|
Legislative Work
|
Our District
|
Resources
February 7, 2015
The Scalise Capitol Report
Strengthening Transparency on Radical Regulations
Washington's federal regulations are out of control. The House moved this week to bring transparency and accountability to these radical regulations so that Americans can see the full impact they are having on our economy. The Unfunded Mandates Information and Transparency Act shines a bright light on the negative impacts of these regulations written by unelected Washington bureaucrats. They are imposing unnecessary burdens on real people across America as well as on local governments. I commend my colleague,
Rep. Virginia Foxx
(R-N.C.), for bringing this bill forward. Additionally, the House passed the Small Business Regulatory Flexibility Improvements Act, which brings some much-needed reforms to the regulatory process for hard-working taxpayers and small businesses. Small businesses pay 67 percent more in taxes and fees than large corporations do, which is proof that this top-down approach to regulations is crippling the backbone of our economy. I applaud the House Small Business Committee and
Chairman Steve Chabot
(R-Ohio) for championing this victory for small businesses. I will continue to fight for legislation that protects small businesses, encourages economic growth and creates jobs.
Click on the photo to watch me discuss solutions to stop these job-killing regulations
Reforming the FCC
This week I was proud to introduce bipartisan legislation that reforms the Federal Communications Commission (FCC) by eliminating outdated reporting mandates. The FCC Consolidated Reporting Act will require the commission to analyze competition in the marketplace through a holistic approach, rather than on the outdated silos that no longer reflect the 21st century communications economy. By passing this common sense legislation, Congress can make the FCC more efficient and modernized to reflect the innovation era in which we live.
Sharing how this legislation increases efficiency at the FCC
Introducing the Steve Gleason Act
I had the honor of recently introducing in the House a bill with Reps. Cathy McMorris Roger (R-Wash.) and Erik Paulsen (R-Minn.) called the Steve Gleason Act. The bill, named in honor of our own former New Orleans Saints player who was diagnosed with amyotrophic lateral sclerosis (ALS) and founded Team Gleason, creates reforms to improve the lives of those with diseases like ALS. U.S. Sen. David Vitter (R-La.) introduced the Senate counterpart to this bill. Steve Gleasons story and his advocacy on behalf of those affected by severe disabilities like ALS serve as an inspiration to all Americans. Im honored to join Team Gleason, Sen. Vitter, and Reps. McMorris Rodgers and Paulsen in the fight against ALS. Debilitating diseases like ALS do not have to mean defeat, and the Steve Gleason Act of 2015 brings about much-needed reforms to help provide more independence to those with disabilities who are seeking treatments, cures and opportunities. I am proud that House and Senate Republicans are uniting to champion this critical piece of legislation for those who refuse to let a disease like ALS define them. We will work hard to pass this bill into law.
Steve Gleason and me before a Saints game in October 2013
Voting to Repeal Obamacare and Achieve Real Health Care Reforms
On Tuesday the House passed legislation to not only repeal Obamacare, but also direct the committees of jurisdiction to draft replacement legislation. This vote is the first step to achieving real reforms that lower costs and put patients back in charge of their health care decisions. President Obamas health care law has failed the American people, resulting in dramatic increases in health costs for hard-working taxpayers and the loss of good health care for millions of families who had and liked their plans. Obamacare has caused average premiums in our state to increase by 80 percent for 40-year olds. Hard-working taxpayers deserve and demand real solutions to the serious problems caused by Obamacare.
Click on the photo to watch how this legislation would restore the doctor-patient relationship.
Rejecting the Presidents Budget Proposal
It is no coincidence that the White House released its budget this week on Groundhog Day. It is filled with the same failed, big-government, tax-and-spend policies of the past. President Obama also proposes raiding the critical oil revenue sharing money that Louisiana has dedicated to restoring our coast. I will not allow President Obama and his liberal lieutenants to raid the coastal restoration funds we fought so hard to finally achieve. By proposing $2.1 trillion in tax hikes and $2.4 trillion in additional Washington spending over the next 10 years, President Obamas latest budget serves as a punch to the gut of hard-working taxpayers who are still struggling from stagnant wages and higher costs caused by this failed, Washington-knows-best agenda. Washington needs to start tightening its belt and stop spending money it doesn't have instead of the $8.5 trillion increase in the national debt proposed by the president. By setting priorities and establishing a more effective and efficient form of government, we can get our economy back on track and create a healthy economy.
It is an honor to represent you in Congress. For more information please visit my
website ,
Twitter ,
Instagram , and
Facebook
pages.
God Bless,
Steve Scalise
House Majority Whip
WEBSITE
|
UNSUBSCRIBE
|
CONTACT
Washington DC Office
2338 Rayburn HOB
Washington, DC 20515
Phone: (202) 225-3015
Houma Office
8026 Main Street
Suite 700
Houma, LA 70360
Phone: (985) 879-2300
Metairie Office
110 Veterans Boulevard
Suite 500
Metairie, LA 70005
Phone: (504) 837-1259
Mandeville Office
21454 Koop Drive
Suite 1E
Mandeville, LA 70471
Phone: (985) 893-9064
Hammond Office
1514 Martens Drive
Suite 10
Hammond, LA 70401
Phone: (985) 340-2185
Click Here Click Here