
Helping Veterans
On Tuesday, I met with representatives from the
Pennsylvania American Legion . Our veterans should be first in line for the best quality medical care in the world. Last year, the American people learned about outrageous examples of mismanagement at the Department of Veterans Affairs that included excessive wait times for needed care; substandard care; dishonest reporting on care; and cutting corners that probably cost veterans' lives.
Our veterans deserve better. We discussed ways we can work together to improve care for our heroes, and their input was valuable.
Also, earlier this month, the Congress passed and the president signed into law a bipartisan measure to help veterans who are dealing with mental health issues.
The
Clay Hunt Suicide Prevention for American Veterans Act , which I supported, expands mental health care and suicide prevention resources for veterans.
Fighting Against Harmful Corporate Welfare
I am working to repeal a law that drives up the cost of everything from gasoline to groceries. Senator Dianne Feinstein (D-Calif.) and I introduced the bipartisan
Corn Ethanol Mandate Elimination Act of 2015
to abolish the corn ethanol mandate in the Renewable Fuel Standard (RFS).
The RFS requires fuel suppliers to blend millions of gallons of biofuels - most often corn ethanol - into the nation's gasoline supplies. This results in higher gas prices, increased food costs, damage to car engines, and harm to the environment. This is nothing more than the government using corporate welfare to shower money on a favored industry and then send the bill to the general public. You deserve better.
I am pleased to join with Senator Feinstein to stop this requirement before more harm is done. You can learn more about our efforts
here .
Supporting Pennsylvania Communities
On Wednesday, I sat down with the
County Commissioners Association of Pennsylvania . The Association serves to strengthen Pennsylvania counties' ability to govern their own affairs and improve the well-being and quality of life of their constituents. This is a mission I fully support.
These hardworking men and women serve the public on the frontlines of local government every day. It was great to speak with them and learn more about the innovative ways Pennsylvania's counties are working to help Pennsylvanians.
Protecting Innovation, Jobs, And Economic Freedom
This week, the Federal Communications Commission (FCC) voted that the Internet is a utility the government can heavily regulate. This is terrible news for the American people. The last thing the Internet needs is a massive government takeover that threatens innovation, economic freedom, and jobs. Yet the FCC's decision to impose heavy-handed regulations on broadband providers would do just that. The FCC's decision is a big government, legally suspect solution in search of a problem that doesn't exist.
One of the main reasons why the Internet has thrived, created jobs, and provided exciting innovations is because it has never been subject to political control. That is why I intend to fight against this unwise FCC action and keep our Internet free from more government restrictions.
I discussed this issue with WHP radio's RJ Harris Thursday morning.
You can listen
here .
#PatsFacts
Ash Carter (from Abington, Montgomery Co.) is the latest in a long line of Secretaries of Defense (or War) from Pennsylvania. Depending on how you count PA native turned New Yorker John Armstrong, Jr., Carter would give PA the most (or second most) of any state with 11 (or 10).
Be sure to stay up to date on #PatsFacts and my work in Pennsylvania and Washington by following me on
Facebook
and
Twitter !
ALLENTOWN, PA
PH: (610) 434-1444
ERIE, PA
PH: (814) 453-3010
HARRISBURG, PA
PH: (717) 782-3951
JOHNSTOWN, PA
PH: (814) 266-5970
PHILADELPHIA, PA
PH: (215) 241-1090
PITTSBURGH, PA
PH: (412) 803-3501
SCRANTON, PA
PH: (570) 941-3540
WASHINGTON, D.C.
PH: (202) 224-4254
UNSUBSCRIBE
