
If you are having trouble viewing this message or
would like to share it on a social network, you can
view the message online .
Home
|
About
|
How Can I Help?
|
Media
|
Issues
|
The
6th District
Welcoming Our Nations Newest
Citizens
Dear
Friends:
This past week I had the distinct honor
and privilege to hand out certificates of naturalization to 50 of our
nations newest citizens. The citizens, from 27 different countries,
came flanked by family and friends there to celebrate their special
day.
The sense of accomplishment they all felt for
attaining one of the most coveted statuses in the modern world
that
of American citizen
was a reminder of how lucky we are to be
Americans. We still remain, as President Ronald Reagan so aptly put it, a
shining city on a hill.
We are blessed with the
hardest working, most innovative people on Earth. We are blessed with a
political system that, despite its issues, remains the freest on
Earth. Unlike many people in this world, when you criticize the government
in this country you dont have to worry about a knock on your door in
the middle of the night. You dont have to worry about being locked up
in a political prison simply for speaking
out.
That is what many who come to this country are
fleeing.
All come to seek a better life for themselves and their
families. They seek the American Dream
the idea that your station in life
can be improved based on how hard you work, not just the family you
were born into.
Too often in politics, we focus on
what divides us, what separates us, why the other side of the
political aisle is bad.
But at that naturalization
ceremony, there was no division, only joy to be joining the ranks of the
greatest nation on Earth.
If only the folks in
Washington could remember that more
often.
Sincerely,
Mike Coffman
U.S.
Representative
If you
would like to sign up to receive regular email updates from Mike,
please visit
this
link
$ 18,130,064,459,985
Share
on Facebook
Share on Twitter
Share on LinkedIn
Aurora's Changing Neighborhoods:
New Hope for Hoffman Heights
By: Rachel Sapin
Aurora Sentinel
Published
February 19, 2015
A modest development to solve a post-War
housing shortage, Hoffman Heights may soon be the hottest brand going
for well-paid Anschutz workers.
The nearly 1,700
single-family houses built after World War II in Hoffman Heights, in north Aurora,
once served military families on the Fitzsimons Medical Hospital and
Lowry Air Force Base. Now the quaint homes sit a mile from the booming
Anschutz Medical Campus and two light rail stations that will open as
part of the Interstate 225 line next year.
Aurora
Councilwoman Sally Mounier wants to make the area more attractive to prospective
buyers, which is why she has worked with metro real estate agent
Marianne Farrell to mail fliers to 700 registered voters in the historic
neighborhood to let them know they can renovate and expand their
homes.
Overall, it will help the neighborhood, Mounier said of
the fliers, which give a brief history of Hoffman Heights, descriptions
of nearby amenities as well as a phone number and address for the
citys Permit Center. Think about that campus, with now 21,000 workers on
it, people who want to live near their work.
The fliers are
part of the pairs Live Where You Work Campaign, an effort the
women launched last spring to encourage more home ownership in
neighborhoods surrounding the Anschutz campus.
Things are hot over
here, Farrell said, adding that Hoffman Heights has 1,250
homeowners.
In Hoffman Heights, we have nothing for sale and three homes under
contract.
Last year, she said there were 16 homes sold in
Hoffman Heights for an average price of $175,000.
Architect
Samuel Hoffman, who called himself the Henry Ford of the home-building
industry, used an assembly-line construction method to quickly build
the homes to meet the demand of rapid suburban expansion in Aurora
following World War II. They were also designed to be attractive to
veterans wallets, with prices ranging from $9,000 to
$13,000.
According to an architectural and historic survey of the area from 2010,
there are three types of homes in the neighborhood: the deluxe brick
model, the economy frame and shingle model, and the cosmopolitan brick
model that includes an attached garage.
All of the homes have
three bedrooms, two bathrooms, and no basement. They average 1,400
square feet.
Douglas Howey has lived in a deluxe brick home
with his wife since 1990, where he raised three kids and made numerous
improvements, which have included replacing a sliding pocket door in the
kitchen with a wall.
We walked in and we fell in love with
it, he says, but I wanted the kids to have quieter
bedrooms.
His homes proximity to several bus routes and the Colfax corridor
also inspired Howey to convert his attached garage into an extra
living space.
Howey, who has to get around by wheelchair because
of a truck that hit and paralyzed him in 2012, has recently removed
carpet and installed indoor cement flooring.
He said though
charming with its casement windows, his
house has a variety of
eccentricities that make it dated for someone who wants modern
comforts.
You cant drill or cut these walls with normal blades because
of the plaster (foundation), he said. Its like cement. If you take
a normal drill bit, it will just break the bit.
He said he
supports the Live Where You Work program because it will attract more
workers from Anschutz to his neighborhood.
For a little
while, we had mostly investors buying up these houses and renting them,
he explained. Now its starting to flip around, where the people
buying them want to live here. Its a great place to raise a family, the
streets are pretty quiet at night. Aurora police have done a great job,
and with the influx of doctors and nurses into this neighborhood,
its a safer place.
The 434-acre neighborhood is bounded by
Peoria Street to the west and Potomac Street to the east, with East Sixth
Avenue as the southern boundary, and East 13th Avenue to the
north.
The Hoffman Heights homes are representative of a larger trend
of community developments like those in Levittown, New York that
popped up around the country following World War II.
The Hoffman
Heights neighborhood is not recognized as a historical landmark,
though the survey conducted in 2010 suggested landmarking individual
properties in the neighborhood.
Howey said hes not worried about
losing a piece of history with people improving the homes and that
Hoffman Heights now needs to serve a new demographic who may want more
space.
Its going to keep its character, he
said.
U.S. Rep. Mike Coffman , whose district includes the
neighborhood, agrees.
He has fond memories of his family renting
an economy frame model in the 1960s when his father served as a
soldier at Fitzsimons.
I think what theyre doing is great. I want
to see the impact of Anschutz spread to whole community, he said.
If it helps the values of the homes in the neighborhood, Im for
it.
There have been four building permits issued for home
additions in the last two years in Hoffman Heights, according to Dirk
Anderson, a city plans manager with Aurora Public Works.
No, the VA has not fired 60 people for manipulating
wait-time data
By:
Michelle Ye Hee Lee
The Washington Post
Published February 18,
2015
Nine hundred people
have been fired since I became secretary. Weve got 60 people that we
fired who have manipulated wait times.
Department of Veterans Affairs Secretary Robert
McDonald, NBC Meet the Press interview, Feb. 15,
2015
These figures from McDonalds first Sunday
TV show interview seemed to be a bombshell revelation in the
aftermath of the wait-time manipulation scandal at Veterans Affairs medical
facilities.
McDonald was
appointed secretary late July 2014, amid whistleblower allegations that
employees were falsifying and manipulating patient records. McDonald
vowed to turn the agency around and hold employees accountable
and
since then, has faced pressure from families, veterans groups and
congressional members for not firing bad actors quickly
enough.
Tensions surfaced recently during a
hearing on the agencys budget, when he fired back at
Rep.
Mike Coffman
(R-Colo.) about whether he was doing enough to
change the agencys culture. Until McDonalds TV interview, fewer than a
dozen employees and senior executives were known to have been removed
from their posts.
Has
McDonald fired 60 people for manipulating wait times? And what should
we make of the 900 employees in total he says he fired since becoming
secretary?
The
Facts:
The VA scandal unfolded
after whistleblower allegations that dozens of veterans died at the
Phoenix VA while waiting for care. During a House hearing, the VA Office of
Inspector General acknowledged that wait lists may have contributed
to the veterans deaths. (The Fact Checker previously checked claims on
deaths related to delayed access to health care at the Phoenix VA
hospital.)
Patient and
appointment record falsifications and manipulations were then found to be
a systemic, years-long problem. Secretary Eric Shinseki resigned as
more allegations surfaced.
Two days after McDonald took office, Congress passed legislation
allowing more veterans to seek private care outside the VA system and
authorizing McDonald to expedite disciplinary actions for senior
executives. It was notoriously difficult to fire senior executives at the VA
which terminated executives at one-fourth the firing rate for all
federal agencies from 2008 to 2013, according to CNN
and the goal was to
allow the VA chief to replace bad actors quickly, especially ones
connected to the scandal.
In his Meet the Press interview, McDonald also said 100 senior
leaders are under investigation by the inspector general and the Department
of Justice.
Yet McDonald
is incorrect in saying that 60 employees who manipulated wait times
were fired.
Disciplinary
actions for 75 employees have been proposed since June 3, 2014,
according to the VAs most recent weekly briefing to the House and Senate
committees on veterans affairs. These actions were related to patient
scheduling, record manipulation, appointment delays and/or patient
deaths. The proposed actions included removals, admonishment (a written
letter of censure), reprimand (a stronger letter of censure), suspension
of less than two weeks and probationary termination. Admonishment or
reprimand letters can be removed from employees personnel files after
two or three years. (Definitions for disciplinary actions are
here.)
Of the 75 employees, only
eight employees have actually been removed, as of Feb. 13, 2015.
Twenty-three cases were pending. Five employees resigned before a decision
was made on their case. Others were demoted, were on probationary
termination, had some other disciplinary action, or had no action taken
at all.
McDonald used his
new personnel authority to propose removals of five executives
in
Phoenix, Georgia, central Alabama, Pittsburgh and the VA central area
office in Washington. Two retired before they could be removed, and
three were actually fired. But of those three terminations, only one was
officially related to the VA scandal
James Talton, director of
Central Alabamas VA.
Phoenix
VAs Sharon Helman, whose hospital was at the center of the scandal
and who was found to have known of data-manipulation problems for at
least two years, was placed on administrative leave for seven months and
eventually fired for inappropriately accepting gifts. Pittsburgh VAs
Terry Gerigk Wolf was removed for conduct unbecoming a senior
executive and wasteful spending.
Regarding the 60 figure, it is most accurate to say that VA has
proposed disciplinary action related to data manipulation or patient
care against more than 60 employees nationwide. This takes into
account the full range of accountability actions including admonishments,
demotions, reprimands, and termination, wrote VA spokesman James Hutton
to The Fact Checker.
As
for the 900 employees being fired since mid-2014, Hutton said those
employees have been fired for cause either through removal action or
during a probationary period. Most of the 900 employees were with the
Veterans Health Administration, and vary in location, pay grades and
reasons, Hutton said. Reasons include poor performance and
absenteeism.
But to McDonalds point
that he is cleaning up shop, the 900 figure lacks context. Senior
executives have known problems existed there, and the 900 employees are
not those executives.
The
VA is the largest non-military Cabinet agency, with more than 340,000
employees as of September 2014. That means even if 900 employees were
fired, they accounted for less than 0.3 percent of all VA employees.
Plus, in fiscal year 2013, there were 2,247 VA employees fired in one
year, which was two and half times more than McDonalds 900 figure
and that was before a massive systemic problem was found. (Thanks to
data editor Ted Mellnik for crunching the
numbers.)
The Pinocchio Test:
Recommending people to receive a letter about
their wrongdoing is not the same thing as being fired. Recommending
people to be fired is not the same thing as being fired. Employees are not
fired unless they have been removed from their jobs
and as of two
days before McDonald went on the air, there were eight employees who
were removed for manipulating patient wait-time data. So McDonalds
statement is incorrect.
The
900-employee figure does not have much meaning in this context, given
the size of the agency and the focus on holding senior executives
accountable. Only three of the five executives he proposed for removal
using his new authority were actually removed, and the other two were
forced into retirement. Five top executives leaving their posts in six
months is a record pace for the VA, but only one was officially removed
in relation to the scandal. Whether resigning under pressure should be
counted as being held accountable or being fired
well, McDonald
may know better about that himself.
The public expects accuracy as the agency works to restore
credibility. It is especially important for McDonald to be precise
about his terminology
and to provide truthful information to the
public. He earns Four Pinocchios for wildly inflating his firing
statistics.
Washington Office
2443 Rayburn HOB
Washington, D.C. 20515
Phone: (202) 225-7882
Fax:
(202) 226-4623
District Office
Cherry
Creek Place IV
3300 S. Parker
Road, Suite #305
Aurora, CO
80014
Phone: (720) 748-7514
Fax: (720) 748-7680
Unsubscribe
|
Update My Profile
|
Privacy Policy
gateway
mail end 