
MAR
20
News from Senator Ayotte's Office
Dear Friends,
This week, the Senate Budget Committee approved its version of the Fiscal Year 2016 budget resolution, which provides a blueprint to guide federal spending decisions for the next fiscal year.
I ran for the Senate to get our nation's fiscal house in order and to make sure we leave our country better off for our children and grandchildren. Putting our nation back on a fiscally responsible path requires us to make difficult decisions, and while I don't like everything in this budget, I believe it's important for us to make tough choices and move forward with what is ultimately a fiscally responsible blueprint for our nation. This framework balances the budget in 10 years, provides our best opportunity to address Obamacare, preserves retirement programs, and does not raise taxes. By contrast, the president's budget doesn't even attempt to address our looming fiscal crisis. It would raise taxes by almost $2 trillion to pay for new spending, increase the debt to $26 trillion, and it never balances.
As a member of the Budget Committee, I worked to include several amendments in the budget resolution that protect New Hampshire priorities - including measures aimed at protecting federal workers at Portsmouth Naval Shipyard, addressing New Hampshire's heroin and prescription drug addiction crisis, prioritizing energy efficiency, and supporting the Land and Water Conservation Fund and Low Income Home Energy Assistance Program.
I also cosponsored an amendment to restore funding for our national defense, which will help protect our service members and keep our country safe at a time when we face growing threats from ISIS and other terrorist groups.
Click here to read more . The budget heads to the Senate floor next week, where all Senators will have an opportunity to debate and offer additional amendments.
Please see below for more news from my office - and have a great weekend!
Ayotte Votes to Advance Bipartisan Bill to Help Victims of Sex Trafficking
Senator Ayotte voted this week in support of advancing the bipartisan Justice for Victims of Trafficking Act, legislation she is cosponsoring that would provide law enforcement with the tools they need to crack down on human traffickers while better supporting victims. While four Democrats joined Republicans in voting multiple times to move the bill forward, the measure fell short of the 60 votes needed to advance. Senator Ayotte released the following statement:
"Victims of trafficking need our help, and they're counting on the Senate to do its job and pass this important bipartisan bill to crack down on the horrific crime of trafficking in New Hampshire and the United States. The Senate Judiciary Committee recently passed it with unanimous bipartisan support. I am disappointed that Senate Democrats are now blocking this measure, and I hope partisan disagreements will be resolved so we can pass this bipartisan legislation and help victims of these terrible crimes."
Read More
Ayotte Helps Introduce Bipartisan Legislation to Reauthorize Import Export Bank
Senator Ayotte joined Senators Mark Kirk (R-IL), Heidi Heitkamp (D-ND) and a bipartisan group of senators this week introduced legislation that would reauthorize and reform the Export-Import Bank, which allows companies to obtain competitive financing to compete in the global marketplace and has helped support 36 New Hampshire businesses over the last seven years.
The Export-Import Bank Reform and Reauthorization Act of 2015 (S. 819) would reauthorize the Bank's charter until September 30, 2019, increase small business lending, support American jobs and minimize risk to taxpayers by enchancing bank oversight.
Currently, the Bank's authorization is set to expire June 30th, 2015.
"The Export-Import Bank helps small and medium sized businesses in New Hampshire compete in the global marketplace and create jobs, while returning billions of dollars to the Treasury for deficit reduction.
This bipartisan legislation reauthorizes Ex-Im for four years and includes important reforms to increase transparency and accountability at the bank," said Senator Ayotte.
Read More
Ayotte op-ed: Congress should have a say on final Iran deal
By Kelly Ayotte
New Hampshire Union Leader
March 18, 2015
There has been significant public debate about the recent letter I signed with 46 of my colleagues to the leaders of Iran. Citing the U.S. Constitution, the letter simply explains the fact that any agreement on Iran's nuclear weapons program that is not approved by Congress may not last beyond the end of the President's term. I signed this letter because, as your elected representative, I firmly believe the Senate should weigh in on any agreement on Iran's nuclear program - particularly given the serious potential national security threat posed by a nuclear-armed Iran.
It was Congress - in overwhelming bipartisan votes over the administration's initial objections - that led the effort to impose tough sanctions on Iran, which brought Iran to the negotiating table. Without Congress's leadership, it is unlikely that the administration would have anyone with whom to negotiate.
While there is no doubt the President plays a unique constitutional role in foreign affairs, our founding fathers clearly intended Congress to play a role, too. The Constitution explicitly grants the Senate the power to provide "advice and consent" in the ratification of treaties, and gives Congress the power to declare war and regulate commerce with foreign nations.
Read More
Pork Watch: Abolishing an Obsolete Federal Agency &amp; Stopping Wasteful Federal Bonuses
Senators Ayotte and Claire McCaskill (D-MO) this week announced the reintroduction of a bipartisan bill that would abolish the federal National Technical Information Service, an outdated agency that has lost more than $1 million in taxpayer money per year over 10 years trying to sell government reports that are mostly available online for free. With a money-losing profit model, the agency attempts to sell government reports to other federal agencies and the public, most of which are otherwise available for free and easy to find using a simple Internet search.
"Every year, the federal government wastes more than a million dollars on this obsolete federal agency that operates primarily to disseminate government reports that are free and readily available to the public," said Ayotte. "As we look for ways to address our $18 trillion debt and find cost savings across government, there's no justification for continuing to fund an agency whose mission is no longer necessary."
Read More
Senators Ayotte, Deb Fischer (R-NE) and Claire McCaskill (D-MO) recently reintroduced the "Stop Wasteful Federal Bonuses Act" - bipartisan legislation that would prohibit bonuses for federal employees who engaged in misconduct, aren't in good standing with their agency, or have violated the law.
The senators' bill comes in the aftermath of a recent IRS Inspector General report revealing that $2.8 million was paid in bonuses between 2010 and 2012 to 2,800 employees with conduct violations - including more than $1 million for over 1,100 IRS employees who were delinquent on their taxes. Some agencies, including the IRS, don't consider conduct problems, including tax compliance, when determining bonuses - highlighting the need for the legislation.
"Taxpayers in New Hampshire and across the nation are alarmed by recent reports of IRS employees being awarded bonuses that they shouldn't have received. Federal employees who haven't paid their taxes or who face disciplinary problems should not be getting bonuses. This bipartisan legislation takes commonsense steps to prevent workers with serious conduct infractions from receiving bonus pay," said Senator Ayotte.
Read More
Ayotte Highlights Portsmouth Naval Shipyard at Seapower Subcommittee Hearing
At Wednesday's Senate Armed Services Subcommittee on Seapower hearing, Senator Ayotte emphasized the need for the procurement of Virginia-class submarines, and discussed the exceptional work being done at the shipyard
Watch the video
Ayotte &amp; Bipartisan Coalition Introduce Bill to Designate Manufacturing Universities
Senator Ayotte joined Senator Chris Coons (D-DE) and a bipartisan coalition of senators in introducing legislation to help schools strengthen their engineering programs and meet the growing demands of 21st century manufacturing. The bill would designate 25 universities as 'Manufacturing Universities' and provide incentives to better align educational offerings with the needs of modern manufacturers. The incentives would be used to bolster universities' efforts to focus on manufacturing engineering and curricula specifically related to targeted industries.
"This legislation will help our students acquire the skills they need to meet the demand for the high-paying, manufacturing job opportunities in New Hampshire, while giving our universities more tools to spur innovation and use cutting-edge technology to grow this vibrant sector of our economy," said Senator Ayotte, a member of the Senate Commerce Committee.
"Advanced manufacturing is a vital part of New Hampshire's economy, and this legislation would help spur innovation to strengthen manufacturing education at the University of New Hampshire and ultimately improve our state's economy," said Jan Nisbet, senior vice provost for research at the University of New Hampshire, which has endorsed the legislation. "We are grateful for Sen. Ayotte's leadership in sponsoring this important bill and look forward to working with our partners around the state to submit a strong proposal should this legislation be enacted."
Read More
Ayotte, Shaheen, Guinta Urge Release of Disaster Relief Funds for NH Fishermen
Senators Ayotte and Shaheen, and Congressman Frank Guinta, are requesting an update from the administration regarding the status of federal disaster relief funds for New Hampshire fishermen. The funds are intended to support New Hampshire's fishing industry, which has been harmed by rigorous catch limit regulations and consequent economic losses.
The 2014 appropriations bill included $75 million, to be administered by the National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration (NOAA) within the Department of Commerce, for fishery disaster relief to help alleviate the economic impacts associated with declared commercial fishery failures and fishery resource disasters throughout the country. New Hampshire was allotted approximately $2 million in funds, including $1.1 million to be distributed and used at the state's discretion. So far, the state has received nearly $1 million in direct assistance. New Hampshire applied in December for its state-specific grant portion of $1.1 million in disaster relief funds, but the application awaits further action by the Office of Management and Budget (OMB).
Read More
Ayotte Reintroduces Bill to Reform Communications Program that Shortchanges New Hampshire
Senator Ayotte announced this week that she has reintroduced legislation to reform the Universal Service Fund (USF), a program intended to promote access to telecommunications services in the United States. Currently, USF returns only 37 cents for every dollar that New Hampshire contributes to the fund. Despite being a net "donor" of over $25 million to the USF each year, New Hampshire continues to have significant pockets that lack access to crucial communications services - including broadband technology. The USF Equitable Distribution Act (S. 734) would ensure that a rural state is guaranteed to receive at least 75 cents for every dollar it contributes to USF.
"In too many parts of New Hampshire, reliable broadband access can be hard to come by, making it more difficult for rural businesses to compete in a the global marketplace. It is critical that rural communities be able to take advantage of the economic and educational benefits of high-speed Internet access in our increasingly digital world." said Senator Ayotte, a member of the Commerce Committee.
Read More
Photos of the Week
It's Maple Season! Members of the New Hampshire Timberland Owners Association stopped by this week.
With students from Hudson High School during their visit to Washington this week
Thanks to Jillian Dubois and Nancy Carney for stopping by during their time in DC with the American Cancer Society Cancer Action Network's New Hampshire Chapter
With Pam Langille of Special Olympics New Hampshire, who won a gold medal in triathalon. Congratulations Pam!
Warm Regards,
Kelly Ayotte
United States Senator
Email Kelly
Manchester Office
1200 Elm Street, Suite 2
Manchester, NH 03101 Phone:
603-622-7979
Nashua Office
144 Main Street
Nashua, NH 03060 Phone:
603-880-3335
North Country Office 19 Pleasant Street, Suite 13B
Berlin, NH 03570 Phone:
603-752-7702 Fax:
603-752-7704
Portsmouth Office
14 Manchester Square, Ste 140
Portsmouth, NH 03801 Phone:
603-436-7161
Washington, DC
144 Russell Senate Office Building
Washington, DC 20510
Phone:
202-224-3324
Email Kelly
|
ayotte.senate.gov
|
Unsubscribe
