
If you are having trouble viewing this
message or would like to share it on a social network, you can
view the message
online .
HOME
CONTACT US
CONSTITUENT
SERVICES
ISSUES AND LEGISLATION
March 15, 2015
Helping Deliver Meals on Wheels:
Meals on Wheels is
the oldest and largest national organization representing local,
community based senior nutrition programs across Kansas and nationwide
that are dedicated to addressing senior isolation and hunger. Helping and
witnessing their good deeds is particularly appropriate during the
Hunger Awareness Month of March.
This week I was privileged
to join the staff and volunteers who work for the Meals on Wheels
organization to ensure some of the most vulnerable folks in our
community receive the food that they need to survive.
I
also recently
launched the bipartisan House Hunger
Caucus . We must help stimulate existing ideas like Meals on Wheels -
effective food programs that have proven capable of combatting hunger
without Washington handouts. Even one person unable to get enough food
to live is one person too many and my heart goes out to everyone
suffering. I look forward to working with my colleagues in the house to
help end hunger once and for all.
Photo credit:
Topeka
Capital-Journal
Visit to Lecompton
Historical Society:
The Lecompton Historical Society is
doing fantastic work updating our artifacts records after receiving a
grant from the humanities council and it was fascinating to get to
witness an important part of Kansa and national history. Preserving
our history for generations, present and future, to learn from is an
essential and valuable part of Kansan culture.
In the last
Congress I was proud to introduce a resolution to recognize the historic
decision by the House to reject the pro-slavery Lecompton
Constitution of the territory of Kansas. It was also an opportunity to recognize
the profound significance of the city of Lecompton in American history
as the place Where Slavery Began to Die.
Lets
Support Small Brewers
I also had the opportunity to tour
the Free State Brewing Company. The Company opened in 1989 as the
first legal brewery in Kansas in over 100 years and on May 21,
2010 Free State Brewery began to distribute bottled beer to stores in
Lawrence, Kansas.
I loved seeing first-hand the magic that
goes into crafting every beer. Small businesses like Free State are
the lifeblood of the economy here in Kansas and across the country. As a
member of the Congressional Small Brewers Caucus, I recognize the
challenges facing this growing industry.
It is up to lawmakers in
DC to start fixing our cumbersome tax code so that companies like this
dont face on overwhelming regulatory burden.
Protecting Your Second Amendment Rights:
Just
two weeks ago the ATF announced a unilateral ban on certain
ammunition. Upon hearing of the ATFs proposed ban, I immediately joined
together with 238 of my colleagues in the House to send a letter to their
director. Additionally, the ATF received over eighty thousand
comments after their announcement. On Monday, the ATF tweeted you spoke,
we listened and
reversed the earlier decision to ban
these bullets .
Thankfully, the ATF listened to
Congress and your concerns and chose to reverse an action that unfairly
targeted and punished law-abiding gun owners across the
country.
Reducing College Loan Debt Needs Simple Solutions Not
Bankruptcy:
This week, President Obama introduced a new
student loan program aiming
to make the borrowing
process less painful for college students.
Yet, his plan would
likely just drive up borrowing
costs for everyone . Both Republicans and Democrats recognize this is
a serious issue that needs to be addressed.
As I recently wrote
in an
op-ed to CNBC , Student loan debt across
the country now stands at an astronomical $1.2 trillion
a number
which is higher than the combined GDPs of Australia, New Zealand and
Ireland, and exceeds the combined credit card debt in
America.
However, if the President was serious about helping students with
crippling student loan debt, he would support my solution to encourage
families to use 529 college savings plans to plan for their future and
hopefully lessen the painful process of paying back student loans.
Instead the
President proposed taxing these very savings
accounts
that are already used by millions of Americans to help
pay for college.
I know that we should be encouraging folks
to save and plan for their future as opposed to looking to the
government, going deeply in debt, or both. The House clearly agreed and passed
my
legislation, H.R. 529
with an overwhelming
vote of 401-20 to
empower folks to save for higher
education .
This also comes at a
time when 529 college savings plans are more popular than ever. The
total number of 529 accounts increased 4.1% in 2014, going from 11.6
million to 12.1 million as of December 2014. This should be a no-brainer
for the President. If he wants to help hardworking families plan ahead
and save for higher education, he should encourage the Senate to act
quickly on my legislation and sign the bill into law.
We Need A Balanced Budget:
This week, the
Congressional Budget Office released their evaluation of the Presidents latest
budget. According to the CBO, the Presidents proposal
would add $6 trillion to an already $18 trillion debt . America
already spends well over
$100 billion a year just
to pay the interest expenses on the national debt , making interest
payments one of the largest areas of government spending. This sort of
book-keeping is unsustainable and its time to stop spending money we
dont have
its simply commonsense.
2015
Congressional Art Competition:
The Congressional Art
Competition deadline is coming up soon! Starting in 1982, the
Congressional Art Competition is a fantastic opportunity to recognize the
talents of young Kansans. Since its creation over 650,000 high school
students have been involved nationwide and I look forward to seeing the
incredible entries this year. More information about the competition and
how to enter can be found on my
website
or
by contacting Melissa in my Topeka office at (785) 234-5966.
Washington, DC Office
1526 Longworth HOB
Washington, D.C. 20515
Phone: (202)
225-6601
Fax: (202) 225-7986
Pittsburg Office
1001 N. Broadway Street #C
Pittsburg, KS 66762
Phone: (620) 231-LYNN
(5966)
Fax: (620) 231-5972
Topeka Office
3550 SW 5th Street
Topeka, KS 66606
Phone: (785) 234-LYNN
(5966)
Fax: (785) 234-5967
Independence
Office
120 N. 6th Street
Independence, KS 67301
Phone: (620) 231-LYNN (5966)
Fax: (620) 231-5972
Unsubscribe
|
Update My
Profile
|
Privacy Policy
