
Dear Friend,
Thank you for signing up to receive my email newsletter. These
newsletters will cover a variety of topics, including events happening
in Indiana, legislation being considered in Congress, and my
perspective on current issues. My hope is to keep you updated and
informed on how issues in Washington may impact Hoosiers. I welcome
your feedback.
Thanks for reading,
Dan Coats
_____
Taxpayer Money Spent on Rabbit Massages
This week I spoke about the third installment of my new Waste of the
Week initiative. Previously, I looked at duplication in federal
programs and double dipping in our entitlement programs. For this
installment, I turned to a group of rabbits who were, at one point,
quite relaxed thanks to the American taxpayer.
As part of a National Institutes of Health study to determine the
effect of massage on recovery times following strenuous exercise, 18
New Zealand white rabbits received 30 minute Swedish massages four
times a day, at taxpayer expense. At the same time, researchers
acknowledged that there were already studies available supporting the
use of massage to treat human muscle aches and pains. Thus, American
taxpayers were paying $387,000 for researchers to learn something that
we already knew to be true.
For rabbits and taxpayers alike, this study did not have a happy
ending, as ultimately all 18 white rabbits were euthanized. It is my
hope that going forward, instead of killing rabbits, we can kill
taxpayer-funded government waste like this project.
To watch this week's Waste of the Week speech, click here
or on the image above.
_____
Cybersecurity Information Sharing Act
Cybersecurity threats to our infrastructure remain a chief national
security concern. Recently we have seen cybersecurity attacks affect
Indiana schools and businesses, showing that this threat is real and
impacting Hoosiers. This is a problem that cannot be addressed solely
by government or the private sector. We must have cooperation among all
stakeholders to develop sustainable solutions that remove
information-sharing barriers and protect critical infrastructure.
During a Select Intelligence Committee meeting this week, I voted for
the Cybersecurity Information Sharing Act. This bill would create
incentives to share cybersecurity threat information among agencies and
private partners while protecting individual privacy and civil
liberties. It also would offer liability protection to the private
sector.
This legislation includes numerous privacy protections to prevent
over-sharing or government misuse of shared information, including
requiring the Attorney General to write procedures for the receipt,
sharing and use of cyber information by the government. It also
provides for increased, voluntary cybersecurity information-sharing for
companies and the federal government and for the Director of National
Intelligence to increase the sharing of classified and unclassified
cyber threat information to the private sector.
The bill passed through committee by a vote of 14-1, and I am hopeful
that the full Senate will consider it soon.
Coats in the News
Dan Coats did not sign GOP's open letter to Iran's regime
Dan Coats climbs aboard effort to save Hoosier State line
ATF holds back ammunition proposal
Coats Reintroduces Bill to Help Hoosier Community banks, credit unions
GOP senator: Kill federal waste, not rabbits
_____
Stay Connected
_____
Coats with Hoosiers
Over the weekend, I had the opportunity to tour Fair Oaks Farms.
It was a pleasure to meet seniors from Kankakee Valley High School.
I introduced Indiana Department of Revenue Commissioner Mike Alley at a
Senate Finance Committee hearing.
_____
To unsubscribe please
Click Here
Contact Me
Latest News
A message
from Senator Dan Coats
Dear
Friend,
Thank you for signing up to receive my email
newsletter. These newsletters will cover a variety of topics,
including
events happening in Indiana, legislation being
considered
in Congress, and my perspective on current issues.
My
hope is to keep you updated and informed on how issues in Washington may impact Hoosiers. I welcome your
feedback.
Thanks for reading,
Dan Coats
Taxpayer Money Spent on Rabbit Massages
This
week I spoke about the third installment of my new Waste of the Week initiative. Previously, I looked
at duplication in federal programs and double dipping in our entitlement programs. For this installment,
I turned to a group of rabbits who were, at one point, quite relaxed thanks to the American taxpayer.
As
part of a National Institutes of Health study to determine the effect of massage on recovery times
following strenuous exercise, 18 New Zealand white rabbits received 30 minute Swedish massages four
times a day, at taxpayer expense. At the same time, researchers acknowledged that there were already
studies available supporting the use of massage to treat human muscle aches and pains. Thus, American
taxpayers were paying $387,000 for researchers to learn something that we already knew to be true.
For rabbits and taxpayers alike, this study did
not have a happy ending, as ultimately all 18 white rabbits were euthanized. It is my hope that going
forward, instead of killing rabbits, we can kill taxpayer-funded government waste like this project.
To watch this week's Waste of the Week
speech, click
here
or on the image above.
Cybersecurity
Information Sharing Act
Cybersecurity
threats to our infrastructure remain a chief national security concern. Recently we have seen cybersecurity
attacks affect Indiana schools and businesses, showing that this threat is real and impacting Hoosiers.
This is a problem that cannot be addressed solely by government or the private sector. We must have cooperation
among all stakeholders to develop sustainable solutions that remove information-sharing barriers and
protect critical infrastructure.
During a Select Intelligence Committee meeting this week, I voted for the Cybersecurity Information
Sharing Act. This bill would create incentives to share cybersecurity threat information among agencies
and private partners while protecting individual privacy and civil liberties. It also would offer liability
protection to the private sector.
This legislation includes numerous privacy protections
to prevent over-sharing or government misuse of shared information, including requiring the Attorney
General to write procedures for the receipt, sharing and use of cyber information by the government.
It also provides for increased, voluntary cybersecurity information-sharing for companies and the federal
government and for the Director of National Intelligence to increase the sharing of classified and unclassified
cyber threat information to the private sector.
The bill passed through committee by
a vote of 14-1, and I am hopeful that the full Senate will consider it soon.
Coats
in the News
Dan
Coats did not sign GOP&#8217;s open letter to Iran&#8217;s regime
Dan
Coats climbs aboard effort to save Hoosier State line
ATF
holds back ammunition proposal
Coats
Reintroduces Bill to Help Hoosier Community banks, credit unions
GOP
senator: Kill federal waste, not rabbits
Stay
Connected
Coats with Hoosiers
Over
the weekend, I had the opportunity to tour Fair Oaks Farms.
It
was a pleasure to meet seniors from Kankakee Valley High School.
I
introduced Indiana Department of Revenue Commissioner Mike Alley at a Senate Finance Committee hearing.
To
unsubscribe please
Click
Here
Contact
Me Latest
News
