
If you are having trouble viewing this message or would
like to share it on a social network, you can
view the message online .
About
Contact
Services
Media Center
Legislation
Issues
Resources
March 22, 2015
Friends,
All across the country last week, we
joined together to celebrate National Agriculture Day and recognize the
tremendous impact Americas agriculture community has on our daily
lives.
From the fields to our kitchen tables, to the clothes we
wear and the energy we use, our farmers' work touches every corner of
our country. I cant thank North Carolinas farmers and producers
enough for their hard work to provide for their families, our nation and
the world.
It is also important to note that agriculture
remains the number one industry in our state, boosting our economy by $78
billion and supporting nearly 650,000
jobs.
Unfortunately, the
divide between whats right for rural America and the policies coming out
of Washington continues to grow deeper.
By constantly relying
on executive power to pass more and more onerous rules and
regulations,
its clear the Obama administration doesnt believe North
Carolinians can tend to our land better than bureaucrats in Washington.
Knowing this, I created the bipartisan Agriculture and Rural America
Task Force to fight for rural America and rein in harmful government
agencies like the bloated Environmental Protection Agency (EPA).
Bureaucrats at the EPA sit in closed-door meetings and conjure regulation
after regulation to spend more of our tax dollars and strong-arm their way
into our local communities.
Perhaps the most egregious EPA
power grab Ive seen since my time as your representative is the
proposed Waters of the United States (WOTUS) rule which would redefine
navigable waters and grant the federal government jurisdiction over nearly
all state and local
waters.
Simply put, the EPA wants limitless
control over virtually every body of water in North Carolina including
irrigation ditches, farm ponds and streams.
This is a
tremendous threat to our private property rights.
Ive heard from
countless farmers and producers in our community who say the uncertainty
surrounding this rule and its potential sweeping regulations would have
a detrimental effect on their operations. In addition to cosponsoring
legislation that would block the proposed rule, I joined a bipartisan
group of my colleagues to request the House Appropriations Committee
use the power of the purse to
block the EPA
and
other federal agencies from implementing this harmful rule.
I
will continue to pursue every avenue available to protect family farms
and put an end to this outrageous
rule.
Another concern Ive
heard from our farmers is how to keep future generations on the farm.
The death tax is bad Washington policy that crushes the
profitability of farming and drives farmers out of an industry critical to
our economy.
It is the most immoral tax imposed on our small
business owners and farmers -
these entrepreneurs do not owe
their success to the federal government, and the benefits of their
labor should not be confiscated from their children and grandchildren when
they die.
I introduced the
Farmers Against
Crippling Taxes (FACT) Act
(H.R. 186) to permanently eliminate the
death tax and end the double taxation that threatens the livelihood
of family farms, small businesses and jobs in North
Carolina.
From blocking
the EPAs outrageous "Waters of the United States" rule to ending the
immoral death tax,
Im determined to advance conservative
reforms that rein in Washingtons overreach and return control back to
North
Carolina.
I would love to hear from you on this or any other
issue. Please dont hesitate to contact my offices at 704-786-1612
(Concord); 910-997-2070 (Rockingham); or 202-225-3715 (Washington, DC);
or email me at Hudson.House.Gov if we can help you in any
way.
Until next
week,
Richard
Hudson
Member of
Congress (NC-08)
Constituent
Success
Story
Recently, a constituent contacted my Concord
office requesting help dealing with the Department of Veterans Affairs
(VA). He submitted his claim and had not received a response. My office
contacted the VA on his behalf to expedite the process. The veteran was
notified that his claim was completed, and he received the care and
respect he deserves.
If you need help navigating a federal
agency, please dont hesitate to call our Concord office at
704-786-1612.
_______________________
I
enjoyed serving pancakes to folks in Concord for the
Boys
&amp; Girls Club of Cabarrus County's
annual Pancake Day. What a
great event for the
kids!
_______________________
I
was humbled to join Cabarrus Meals on Wheels to deliver meals and visit
with seniors in our
community.
Concord
Office
325 McGill Ave, NW
Suite 500
Concord, NC 28027
Phone:
(704) 7861612
Rockingham
Office
1015 Fayetteville Rd
Rockingham, NC 28379
Phone: (910) 9972070
Washington D.C.
Office
429 Cannon HOB
Washington, DC 20515
Phone: (202) 2253715
Unsubscribe
|
Update My Profile
|
Privacy Policy
gateway
mail end 