
They Didn't Quit.
In This Edition:
A Historic Civil Rights Anniversary
We Can Do Better - An Education Update
Congressional Oversight of the Federal Government
Honoring a Virginia Beach Legend
"Carry Me Back To Old Virginny"
Our American Journey
This month marks a historic milestone in our nations painful journey for basic civil rights.
Fifty years ago this month, activists set out on a symbolic march from Selma, Alabama, to Montgomery, Alabama, a 54 mile journey, to demonstrate support for equal voting rights.
They didnt make it.
On the Edmund Pettus Bridge just six blocks from where they started, they were attacked with clubs and tear gas.
Selma-to-Montgomery Civil Rights march route.
Map courtesy of the National Park Service
But they didnt quit .
On Sunday, March 21, 1965, about 3,000 people started the march again.
By the time they reached Montgomery on Thursday, March 25, more than 20,000 marchers had joined them.
Dr. Martin Luther King, Jr., spoke to the marchers in an address known as How Long? Not Long.
An excerpt of what he said:
"How long will it take?" Somebody's asking, "How long will prejudice blind the visions of men, darken their understanding, and drive bright-eyed wisdom from her sacred throne?"
"How long? Not long, because the arc of the moral universe is long, but it bends toward justice."
Read Dr. Kings full address
here .
Dr. Martin Luther King, Jr., addresses marchers in Montgomery, AL, on March 25, 1965. Photo courtesy of the National Park Service
Five months later, Congress approved and President Lyndon Johnson signed the Voting Rights Act of 1965.
We will commemorate that important milestone later this summer.
In 1996 the Selma-to-Montgomery National Historic Trail was created by Congress under the National Trails System Act of 1968. You can learn more about the Selma-to-Montgomery march and other historic trails at the National Park Service
website .
Our journey and our fight to ensure each and every American crosses the finish line is not over.
S tanding still in this journey is not an option. We can find the common ground needed so that all Americans
representing the full and beautiful fabric of our country
have the opportunity to reach their full potential in the pursuit of life, liberty, and happiness.
Legislative Update
Fighting for Education
Every American deserves access to quality, affordable education. Recently the House of Representatives acted to strengthen access to higher education funding for Americans and reduce waste in our federal grant system.
Read more
here .
Providing Oversight
House Republicans are committed to providing oversight to all branches of the federal government, and making every effort to eliminate fraud, waste, and abuse of taxpayer dollars.
Here is a snapshot of the Houses oversight activities of last week:
District Update
With heavy hearts, Teri and I join the Hampton Roads community in mourning the death of former Virginia Beach Mayor Meyera E. Oberndorf.
Meyera touched the lives of so many
including our family
and her legacy of servant leadership will not be forgotten.
As the longest serving Mayor of Virginia Beach, and the first female mayor in the city's history, she loved the residents she represented, and she helped grow and shape the city she called home.
We ask that God may grant a measure of peace and comfort to her loved ones in the days ahead.
Where Have You Been, Scott?
Its not often that Scott gets to make house visits
but Scott and Teri had the privilege of visiting with Ms. Betty N. Bashara, a proud patriot who has lived on Willoughby Spit for 45 years.
They had a great time listening to Betty's player piano play "Carry Me Back to Old Virginny."
Great to meet with members of the Urban League of Hampton Roads - Scott looks forward to this visit and the substantive conversation every year.
As a member of the House Appropriations Committee, Scott had the opportunity to ask the head of the IRS about the agency's spending and culture.
Watch the full exchange by clicking the picture above.
Teri and Scott were very thankful for the invitation to join the
Hampton Roads Chapter-American Gold Star Mothers
luncheon! There's a disproportionate amount of sacrifice made by those in our community, given the nature of the commands in our region. Those who have lost a loved one in this fight for freedom - our Gold Star families - have our eternal gratitude and respect.
Helpful Resources
Watch live floor proceedings in the House of Representatives (when in session)
See whats happening in the U.S. Senate
2015 House Legislative Calendar (114th Congress, First Session)
WEBSITE
|
UNSUBSCRIBE
|
CONTACT
Click Here Click Here