
If you are having
trouble viewing this message or would like to share it on a social network,
you can
view the
message online .
March 11, 2015
WEBSITE
ABOUT
CONTACT
ISSUES
MEDIA CENTER
SERVICES
Dear Friends,
It has been an exciting but busy
first nine weeks in Congress!
Last week, I had the honor and privilege of welcoming Israeli
Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu before a historic joint session of
Congress.
Israeli Prime Minister
Benjamin Netanyahu Addresses a Joint Meeting of
Congress
Prime Minister Netanyahu shared with us his perspective on the threat
posed by a nuclear-capable Iran to our close ally Israel and the
United States. This threat coupled with the rising threat of radical
Islamists is very real - and the Prime Minister is absolutely right to be
concerned.
Prime Minister
Netanyahu Speaking Before
Congress
As we rapidly
approach the March deadline for a U.S. - Iran nuclear prevention deal, we
must make sure that any agreement negotiated by the U.S. State Department
and Iran would not just temporarily restrict - but completely
eliminate Iran's potential to develop nuclear weapons. Furthermore, any deal
negotiated by Iran and the Obama Administration must receive
Congressional approval.
"I know that Israel does
not stand alone. I know that America stands with Israel."
- Prime Minister Benjamin
Netanyahu
As our closest ally and friend in the Middle East, we must always
stand with Israel and stand against those who wish to do her harm. I
will continue to stand, listen, and support our friend
Israel.
A Singular Presence Among the
Leadership
By Ashley Parker, March 2, 2015
"This freshman class wants to get things done and is very
solution-oriented. And so far I can tell that we're really working well
together,"
said Representative Mimi Walters, Republican of California.
Picture credit: Gabriella Demczuk for the New York
Times
Washington
-
Representative Mimi Walters of California is the freshman
class envoy to the Republican House leadership team, and she is the
only Republican woman from her state in the House. So it is no surprise
that she is already attracting attention. A former mayor of Laguna
Niguel, Calif., and a state legislator, Ms. Walters arrived in Congress
from California's 45th District ready to learn. One of the best tips so
far came from Representative Susan W. Brooks, Republican of Indiana:
Women can wear their congressional pin as a necklace.
...read
more.
Meeting with Californians in Washington,
DC
It was a pleasure to meet with the
U.S. Army Corps of Engineers from the Los Angeles District in my
congressional
office.
Great to meet with AIPAC - the
American Israel Public Affairs Committee following Prime Minister
Netanyahu's address before
Congress.
Meeting with staff from California State University,
Fullerton. Pictured left to right: Greg Saks (VP, University Advancement);
Harpreet Bath (Associated Students President); President Mildred Garcia;
Owen Holmes (AVP, Government and Community
Relations).
John Wayne
Airport Legislation
Recently, I joined my colleagues, Rep. Loretta
Sanchez (CA-46) and Rep. Dana Rohrabacher (CA-48) in introducing
legislation to designate John Wayne Airport in Orange County as a U.S.
Customs and Border Protection (CBP) port of entry. In doing so, we are
allowing the airport to attract and retain international air service, while
also reducing excessive governmental fees for international
travelers.
...read more.
I look forward to staying in touch with you
and keeping you updated on the latest happenings in Washington, D.C. and
events taking place in California's 45th Congressional District.
Please feel free to share with me your ideas and thoughts on my
website .
Warmest Regards,
Mimi
Tell a Friend
E-mail:
E-mail Updates
Yes, please periodically send me
e-mail updates.*
*By
subscribing to my
e-mail updates, you are authorizing me to send regular
e-mail updates from my office to your e-mail account.
CONTACT INFORMATION
Washington, DC
Office
236 Cannon House Office Building
Washington, DC 20515
Phone: 202.225.5611 |
Fax: 202.225.9177
District
Office
3333 Michelson Drive Suite 230
Irvine, CA
92612
Phone: 949.263.8703 | Fax: 949.263.8704
Unsubscribe
|
Update My Profile
|
Privacy Policy
gateway mail end
