
Miller Newsletter
February 1, 2015
Washington Update
House Combats Human Trafficking
According to the National Center for Missing and Exploited Children, between 100,000 and 300,000 American children are at risk of becoming victims of human trafficking each year, and the FBI has reported that human trafficking is the fastest growing criminal enterprise in the world.
We have a moral obligation to protect innocent children from falling prey to this most heinous crime, and last week the House passed 12 bills to help combat human trafficking.
Among these bills are provisions that would: increase and streamline law enforcement resources and enhance victims services (H.R. 181); direct the Interagency Task Force to Monitor and Combat Trafficking to conduct a comprehensive review of state and federal deterrence activities and identify best practices and strategies to combat child trafficking (H.R. 350); improve coordination between the State Department and foreign governments to prevent sex traffickers convicted in other countries from entering the U.S. (H.R. 515); criminalize the advertisement of exploited or trafficked children (H.R. 285); and develop evidence-based best practices for health care workers to identify and assist victims of human trafficking (H.R. 398).
These are just a few of the provisions included in the dozen bills passed by the House last week, and they must be part of a larger effort to protect our children and end trafficking.
House Passes H.R. 351, LNG Permitting Certainty and Transparency Act
Advances in technology are spurring rapid expansion in domestic natural gas production, bringing down costs for consumers, helping businesses expand, and driving economic growth.
Unfortunately, burdensome and outdated federal policies are blocking opportunities to take full advantage of this important natural resource, particularly for potential exports of liquefied natural gas (LNG).
In fact, in the last four years just five of the 38 applications that have been submitted to the Department of Energy for export to non-Free Trade Agreement countries have received final decisions.
Without reforms to the permitting process, these bureaucratic delays, which result from jumbled policies and the Department of Energys reliance on decades old policy guidelines, could cause domestic producers to miss opportunities to export to countries like Japan, South Korea and the Czech Republic that have expressed interest in buying U.S. LNG.
To help streamline the permitting process and support the more than 1.7 million jobs that are tied to the natural gas industry, the House passed H.R. 351, the
LNG Permitting Certainty and Transparency Act , last week.
This commonsense bill would require the Department of Energy to issue a final decision on LNG export applications for construction, expansion or operation of liquefied natural gas export facilities within 30 days, while also ensuring that any legal challenges to these applications are considered in the court jurisdictions where the proposed facilities would be built.
According to information from the Energy Information Administration, natural gas production is expected to continue to increase by 56 percent in 2040, and the export of LNG is expected to add nearly 700,000 jobs to our economy by 2035.
In addition to these positive economic benefits, providing high-quality U.S. LNG on the international market will help counteract some of the major natural gas producers, including Russia and Iran, which are currently dominating the market and using natural gas exports as a major tool of their foreign policy.
I voted in favor of H.R. 351, which passed the House by a vote of 277-133, and I will continue to work to advance commonsense pro-growth legislation that takes advantage of our abundant natural resources to improve life for the American people.
Meeting with Lieutenant General Bradley Heithold
I met with Lieutenant General Bradley Heithold, Commander of Air Force Special Operations Command (AFSOC), last week to discuss the future of AFSOC.
I learned of the outstanding contributions AFSOC airman have made to ongoing operations in the Middle East, to include recent high profile missions.
We took the opportunity to also discuss the looming sequestration and the second and third order effects it would cause to the entire Special Operations community, in particular the effect on AFSOCs critical aircraft recapitalization efforts.
Rest assured, I will continue to work with my colleagues to reduce our deficit in deliberate, thoughtful ways, and advance solutions that do not imperil our national security or break the solemn promise our Nation has made to provide for the brave warriors of our Nation's military.
Congressman Miller meeting with A FSCO Commander, Lieutenant General Bradley Heithold
Meeting with Florida Blue
I met last week with Florida Blue CEO Pat Geraghty and Former Congressman Jason Altmire to discuss a range of health care topics.
Florida Blue serves millions of Floridians and hundreds of thousands in Northwest Florida through their primary health insurance business, and they also operate dozens of Florida Blue Centers across the state, including in Pensacola.
Unfortunately, Obamacare is hitting Florida Blue, and all other health insurers, with a new Health Insurance Tax.
According to analysis by the Joint Committee on Taxation, this new tax is expected to increase individual premiums by $100-$300 per month and $450 for employer-sponsored family plans over the next few years, while also costing our economy 249,000 jobs and up to $30 billion over the next decade.
That is why I have cosponsored legislation to repeal this excessive and harmful tax.
I thank Florida Blue for coming by my office to update me on the work being done in Northwest Florida.
Veterans Corner
H.R.571, the Veterans Affairs Retaliation Prevention Act of 2015
I introduced legislation last week that would provide VA whistleblowers with a means to solve problems at the lowest level possible, while offering them protection from reprisals and real accountability for those who reprise against them.
Even though VA Secretary McDonald says VA will not tolerate retaliation against whistleblowers, the fact remains the department still has much more work to do when it comes to fully addressing this issue. This problem went unchecked at VA for years, and it would be nave to think it would simply vanish upon the appointment of a new secretary and in the absence of the thorough housecleaning the department so desperately needs. VAs transformation wont be complete until employees at all levels understand there are tangible consequences for retaliating against whistleblowers. This will only be achieved through actions, not words. Though Secretary McDonald and other VA leaders have said protecting whistleblowers is important, they must also ensure the department moves swiftly to fire any employees who have engaged in whistleblower retaliation. That hasnt happened yet, and this bill will give VA leaders more tools to ensure that it does.
House Committee on Veterans' Affairs Full Committee Legislative Hearing
The House Committee on Veterans Affairs conducted a legislative hearing on a variety of measures introduced thus far this Congress.
These measures included, H.R. 280, which would give the Secretary of VA the authority to rescind any bonus given to any VA employee at any time if the Secretary deems it appropriate; H.R. 294, which would authorize VA to enter into a contract or agreement with a certified medical foster home to pay for long-term care for certain veterans already eligible for VA-paid nursing home care; H.R. 189, which would prevent a servicemember's mortgage from being foreclosed within one year of leaving active duty; H.R. 216, which would require VA to submit a future years veterans program budget reflecting the estimated resources necessary for each VA program required for the upcoming fiscal year; and H.R. 245, which seeks to preserve certain safeguards for veterans who currently file informal claims and requires VA to identify and adjudicate claims which are considered to have been reasonably raised. While this is the first of many legislative hearings to follow, I look forward to working with my colleagues in both the House and Senate in addressing these measures in the 114th Congress.
To view the hearing, click on the image below.
To view the January 27 legi slative hearing, click on the image above (start at 30:28).
Interview with Francis Rose of Federal News Radio
I recently spoke with Francis Rose of Federal News Radio regarding a range of topics. We discussed VAs implementation of last years
Veterans Access, Choice and Accountability Act
as well as two new legislative efforts aimed at instilling more accountability at the Department of Veterans Affairs: The
Increasing VA Accountability to Veterans Act of 2015
and H.R. 280, which would give the VA secretary the authority to recoup for cause bonuses paid to VA employees. To hear the interview, click on the following
link .
Miller Media Clips
To read some recent press clips highlighting my work on behalf of Florida's First Congressional District and our Nations veterans and servicemembers, click on the links below:
House bill aims to shield VA whistleblowers
Accountability Inability
T.T. Wentworth Museum Honors Galvez
Galvez finally getting his due in Pensacola
Lawmakers Seek Tighter Restrictions on VA Executives Bonus Pay
If a corrupt or negligent VA official gets a bonus, thats just fine with the VA
McDonald criticized during hearing on VA bonuses bill
GOP Senators Seek to Put Focus Back on VA Scandal
Problem VA employees could face penalties
VA Reform a Hot Topic for Florida Congressmen
Latest VA Bill Limits Number of Senior Execs Eligible for Bonuses
WCOA presents town hall with Congressman Miller
Constituent Voice
Town Hall Meeting with WCOA
Along with WCOA 1370, I held a town hall meeting at the Drowsy Poet in Pensacola last Friday, where I had the opportunity to meet with constituents from across Florida's First Congressional District.
Meeting with constituents and hearing their views is one of the most important and rewarding aspects of my job, and I appreciated the wide range of topics that were raised during the meeting.
Among the many topics discussed, I had the chance to answer questions on the new
VA Secretary , Bob McDonald;
VA wait times
and the future of the VA;
Obamacare ; a range of military and foreign policy issues, including honoring our
Guard and Reserve
troops,
BRAC ,
Guantanamo Bay , and
Islamic extremism ; securing our borders and
immigration ; the recent
Speaker
elections; and the
EPA
and efforts to rein in regulatory agencies.
To listen to my answers to these questions, click on the links above.
Thanks to all the constituents who came out to meet me, and thanks to WCOA for broadcasting the event and to the Drowsy Poet for graciously hosting and providing refreshments for those in attendance.
Congressman Miller with WCOA's Don Parker at the January 30 town hall.
In the District
Galvez Portrait Unveiling
I attended the unveiling of a portrait of the famous Spanish General, and great friend of Northwest Florida and the United States, Bernardo de Galvez. The portrait, painted by Pensacola artist Nina Fritz, will be displayed at the T.T. Wentworth Museum in downtown Pensacola as part of an exhibit dedicated to General Galvez. We are fortunate to have the T.T. Wentworth Museum to preserve, display, and educate locals and tourists about the proud history of Northwest Florida, and General Galvez represents an important part of Northwest Floridas storied military history. Last year, General Galvez received national recognition for his efforts assisting the American Revolutionary War effort, when he became the 8th person to receive Honorary American Citizenship. Having his portrait displayed at T.T. Wentworth will help ensure that his legacy is preserved and celebrated in the city where he won his most famous victory.
Congressman Miller and Honorary Vice Consul of Spain, Maria Davis, with historical reenactors at the Galvez portrait unveiling.
Rebuilding of American Legion Post 78
I also joined over 80 volunteers from Team Depot, The Home Depot's associate-led volunteer force, as they worked on the rebuilding of American Legion Post 78.
The Post, located in Milton, was shut down as a result of the historic flooding in the Florida Panhandle that wreaked havoc throughout the area in April 2014.
I appreciate The Home Depot's continued efforts to give back to our servicemembers and veterans, who have given so much to our country.
While much work remains to be done, I have no doubt that, thanks to the dedication of Team Depot and the support of our local community, American Legion Post 78 will be fully rebuilt to serve the needs of local veterans.
Congressman Miller at the Rebuilding Project of American Legion Post 78
Central vs Jay High School Game
I attended the Central High School vs. Jay High School boys Junior Varsity and Varsity basketball games Friday. While the games between the Central Jaguars and Jay Royals are always tightly contested, this Central High School home game was also a special one.
Central High School honored Tony Mac McDonald at his final game as the Varsity boys basketball coach.
A graduate from Allentown School, one of three schools that would come to be known as Central High School, Coach Mac is a lifelong resident of Northwest Florida and veteran of the United States Air
Force.
Throughout his nearly three decades of service to Central High School, Coach Mac has been an inspiration and role model to students, teachers, and coaches alike and has led the Central Jaguar boys varsity basketball to over 600 victories. I was honored to present Coach Mac with a flag flown over the United State Capitol as a token of appreciation for his immense dedication and service to our community.
Congressman Miller
presenting Coach Mac with a flag flown over the U.S. Capitol
As always, I welcome your comments. To share your thoughts on legislation, votes or issues, please visit http://jeffmiller.house.gov/ to send an e-mail or call any of my offices.
Thanks,
Jeff
Click Here
to view this email in your browser
Click Here
to be removed from this list