
It's urgent
In this edition of the Rigell Report:
Speaking Out on the Sequester
Washington Makes Progress?
Steps Forward on Energy
Explaining the Deficit vs. Debt Using the Misery of Bostonians
New Eastern Shore Office Location!
Announcing the 2015 Congressional Art Competition
What You May Not Know About Iwo Jima
Coming up This Week in The House of Representatives
Test Your Presidential Knowledge
Also
Whereve you Been, Scott?
Snow at the Beach?!
Quoteworthy
Dear Friend,
I recently spoke from the House floor about the harm that sequestration is causing our military and urged my colleagues to make replacing these cuts a top priority. We must address the sequester with the urgency that is warranted.
Click
here
or the image below to watch my full remarks.
Rigell speaks from the House floor on the dangers
of defense sequestration February 12.
The full text of Rigell's speech is below:
Mr. Speaker, this Congress must address the defense sequester with the urgency that is warranted.
Our men and women in uniform are fighting bravely around the world and they depend on the certainty of knowing theyve got everything they need to accomplish their mission. The way to achieve that certainty is made increasingly difficult because of sequestration, the indiscriminate cuts affecting our men and women in uniform.
And I respectfully remind my colleagues today that as we start this budget and appropriations process that we have the opportunity to replace sequestration in the months ahead.
Last year, House Republicans passed not only a budget in a timely manner, but we incorporated increased defense spending to ease the burden of sequestration. Now, regardless of which side of the aisle were on today, we all have a deep obligation to pass on the blessings of liberty and freedom to future generations. And in order to accomplish that, we can no longer allow the federal budget policy to be dictated by a process that neither side intended to go into effect. So I encourage my colleagues to make ending sequestration the top priority in the 114th Congress.
****
Washington Makes Progress?!
The House and Senate have worked together since the start of the 114th Congress to send three important bills to President Obamas desk, two of which he signed into law this month.
Signed into law by the President earlier this month:
H.R. 203, the Clay Hunt Suicide Prevention for American Veterans Act,
was named after a Marine and a veteran activist who took his own life in 2011. In addition to improving mental health care for troops and veterans, H.R. 203 enhances Veterans Affairs Department recruiting efforts for psychiatrists, and mandates evaluations of existing prevention programs to ensure their effectiveness.
H.R. 647, the ABLE Act,
is designed to provide Americans with the opportunity to save for the purpose of supporting individuals with disabilities in maintaining their health, independence, and quality of life. Starting in 2015, states would have the option to establish an ABLE program, under which eligible individuals with disabilities may establish an ABLE account, which are modeled after current Section 529 savings accounts.
Passed by the House the week of February 8, awaiting the Presidents signature:
The House passed
S. 1, the Keystone XL Pipeline Approval Act,
by a vote of 270-152.
S. 1
authorizes the construction of the Keystone XL pipeline
a project expected to create tens of thousands of American jobs. This bill now goes to the Presidents desk for signature.
****
MORE ENERGY NEWS:
The Hampton Roads Chamber of Commerce recently held a public discussion and press conference on coastal energy.
Members of the public shared their opinions about the future of Virginia coastal energy.
Congressman Scott Rigell has been a vocal advocate for developing coastal energy to create jobs and generate revenue for Virginia. Though the House of Representatives legislative calendar prevented the Congressman from attending this event, members of his staff attended and expressed the Congressmans strong support for coastal energy.
The Hampton Roads Chamber of Commerce is also coordinating a trip March 29-31 for local business and community leaders to tour the Gulf Coast and see first hand how the energy industry has impacted that region's economy.
Congressman Rigell plans to attend the trip.
Read more about the delegation
here.
Image from the Hampton Roads Chamber of Commerce
energy press conference and public comment event held February 11 in Norfolk.
See more pictures from the event
here .
What Do Boston and Our Nations Finances Have in Common?
Want to understand the difference between the deficit and the debt? Lets look at the winter in Boston. Say they already have three feet of snow on the ground. Thats their current or existing debt. Now say tomorrow it snows another foot (this represents the budget shortfall or 'deficit' we add every year). Add up the snow that was already on the ground with the new snow
for a total of four feet. This new total accumulation is representative of our current debt. Anytime it snows they add more on top of existing snowfall. The difference? Our debt wont melt this spring. Itll just keep piling up
unless we do something about it. Time to address the root cause of our debt - auto-pilot or mandatory spending.
Scene from Boston, MA, earlier this month.
Eek!
Photo courtesy the Boston Globe.
****
A New Place to Find Us on the Eastern Shore
Please note that the Eastern Shore office of Congressman Scott Rigell has moved and changed phone numbers.
The new contact information is:
36312 Lankford Hwy Suite 5
Belle Haven, VA 23306
757-442-4790 phone
757-442-4793 fax
To reach our Eastern Shore representative, email
deborah.christie@mail.house.gov
We are here to help.
To learn more about our constituent services please
visit our website .
JUST ANNOUNCED!
The 2015 Congressional Art Competition is back!
The 2015 Congressional Art Competition, "An Artistic Discovery," aims to showcase the artistic talents of 2nd District high school students.
The competition is open to students in grades 9 through 12, who are residents of the 2nd Congressional District.
The deadline to submit artwork is Thursday, April 24, 2015 for Virginia Beach, Eastern Shore, Norfolk, Newport News and Hampton students!
Visit our website to learn more .
What You Might Not Know About Iwo Jima
February 23 is the 70th anniversary of the flag raising on Iwo Jima, site of a major WWII battle in which the United States fought for and captured the island from the Japanese Empire. This five-week conflict comprised some of the fiercest and bloodiest fighting of the War in the Pacific of World War II.
Nearly 100,000 American and Japanese servicemen fought on an island just eight square miles; more than 6,800 American sailors and Marines died during the fight.
Many of you know that Congressman Rigell's father, Ike, fought in that battle.
But many Americans don't know that African Americans fought for our country in that epic battle.
According to the Army, the 476th Amphibian Truck Company activated on 15 October 1943 at the Army Service Forces Unit Training Center in New Orleans, Louisiana, as an African-American unit with white officers. The unit subsequently traveled to a series of Pacific islands, arriving at Iwo Jima on D-Day, 19 February 1945, at which time it had a total strength of five officers and 159 enlisted men. The 476th Amphibian Truck Company was one of a number of African-American U.S. Army units (also including the 442nd and 592nd Port Companies and the 471st and 473rd Amphibian Truck Companies) attached to the Fifth Amphibious Corps of the U.S. Marines. Five Silver Stars and 17 Bronze Stars were awarded to members of the 476th Amphibian Truck Company for their actions during the Iwo Jima landings.
Read more on the Army's website.
A map of the United States' landing plan on Iwo Jima.
From the
Department of Defense.
****
The House of Representatives comes back into session this week.
Check the
House Majority Leader's website
for up-to-date news on what the House will vote on in the coming days.
****
Did you miss our Presidents Day Quiz? Test your knowledge of our nations Commanders in Chief by clicking
here .
Where Ya Been, Scott?
Fixing Congress has always been a top priority of Congressman Rigell
not only restoring the trust of the American people in the institution itself but now literally providing oversight on the maintenance of the magnificent facility!
As a member of the House Appropriations Committee/Subcommittee on the Legislative Branch, Congressman Rigell is involved in the physical maintenance of the Congressional buildings.
He recently toured the inside of the dome to check on repair progress. From left to right: Subcommittee Chairman Tom Graves, Rep. Evan Jenkins, Rep. Scott Rigell, staffers from the Office of the Architect of the Capitol.
Earlier this month Congressman Rigell met with Wendy Spencer - CEO of the Corporation for National and Community Service.
Her organization works with AmeriCorps and other volunteer programs in Virginia's Second Congressional District and throughout the United States to help improve our local communities.
Snow Day at the Beach
Special thanks to all the local officials and road crews who helped clean up after last weeks snowstorm.
On Facebook we asked for your best snowy pictures.
Here
are some of our favorites!
Quoteworthy:
"To be prepared for war is one of the most effective means of preserving peace."
President George Washington
Helpful Resources
Watch live floor proceedings in the House of Representatives (when in session)
See whats happening in the U.S. Senate
2015 House Legislative Calendar (114th Congress, First Session)
WEBSITE
|
UNSUBSCRIBE
|
CONTACT
Click Here Click Here