
Welcome to the February 6 edition of Democratic Insider: Top News for Our Top Supporters.
David -- Welcome to the February 6 edition of
Democratic Insider: Top News for Our Top Supporters.
I want to start by thanking you for making the first month of the DSCC&rsquo;s 2016 cycle a successful one. With your help, we were able to fight back against bad GOP ideas in the Senate, meet our January fundraising goal, and set our initial priorities.
I&rsquo;d love your input on what Democrats should take on this month -- check out our Action Center below.
Also, I&rsquo;d encourage you to keep reading to learn what the new Republican majority is up to (spoiler: it&rsquo;s nothing good), the latest news on the ever-revolving GOP presidential merry-go-round, and dubious health advice from a new Republican Senator from North Carolina.
All my best,
Tom Lopach
DSCC Executive Director
GOP Presidential Merry-Go-Round!
Sad news: We won&rsquo;t get to see Mitt Romney run for president a third time. But that&rsquo;s OK, because the other potentials are providing more than enough entertainment -- that is, if endangering the public health counts as entertainment.
In the last week, against the backdrop of the worst measles outbreak the U.S. has seen in decades, both Kentucky Senator Rand Paul and New Jersey Governor Chris Christie suggested that parents should have the leeway not to vaccinate their kids.
Paul went even further by suggesting that vaccines might cause mental disorders -- a claim that goes completely against proven science.
If Paul and Christie were private citizens, their comments wouldn&rsquo;t matter much. But don&rsquo;t public officials have a responsibility not to scare the public about vaccines? As the
Washington Post
opined, &ldquo;Their remarks call into question their judgment and their fitness for higher office.&rdquo;
Actually, we think Hillary Clinton put it best:
Action Center
What should Democrats be focusing on this month? What should they focus on in 2016? And who would you LEAST like to see as the GOP presidential candidate?
Take our February Priorities Survey!
This Week In GOP Governing
The
New York Times
reports that the number of women in leadership positions has dropped drastically since the GOP took over both houses of Congress:
&ldquo;Last year, when Democrats controlled the Senate, women led a record nine committees, including male bastions like the Appropriations [and] Intelligence&rdquo; Committees.
But under the new Republican leadership? Only two committees out of 20 are led by women.
It&rsquo;s even worse in the House. Under Republican rule, only ONE committee out of 22 is led by a woman.
Gender equity is clearly NOT a priority for the Republican Party!
Spotlight on: Senator Sherrod Brown (Ohio)
Senator Brown is one of the Senate&rsquo;s strongest champions of middle class families. Some of his other hallmark issues include U.S. manufacturing, fair trade, and career education and training that prepares Americans for 21st-century jobs.
He started his career in Ohio as a teacher in public schools and at Ohio State University. In 1974 he became the youngest person elected to the Ohio House of Representatives at the age of 21. He was elected to the U.S. House in 1992 and to the Senate in 2006, and reelected in 2012.
Senator Brown is the top Democrat on the Senate Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs Committee, where he played an instrumental role in passing the historic Wall Street reform law. He also sits on the Finance, Veterans&rsquo; Affairs, and Agriculture Committees.
Fun fact: Senator Brown has a dog named Franklin, after Franklin Roosevelt.
This Will Make You Cringe
New Republican Senator Thom Tillis (N.C.) is so against government regulations that he thinks we don&rsquo;t need laws requiring restaurant workers to wash their hands!
We wish we were kidding -- but he actually stated this (gross and unpopular) position at a public event, leading to a heap of mockery by comedians and protests from public health experts.
Tillis&#39; exact words: &ldquo;I don&rsquo;t have any problem with Starbucks if they choose to opt out of this policy as long as they post a sign that says, &lsquo;We don&rsquo;t require our employees to wash their hands after they use the restroom&#39;... The market will take care of that.&rdquo;
Public health doesn&rsquo;t seem to be the GOP&rsquo;s strong suit this week.
Thanks for reading!
Democratic Senatorial Campaign Committee
P.O. Box 96047
Washington, DC 20090
Paid for by the Democratic Senatorial Campaign Committee, dscc.org,
and not authorized by any candidate or candidate&#39;s committee.
The DSCC is the only organization solely dedicated to supporting Democrats in the U.S. Senate. This message was sent to dj724530@gmail.com because you are a part of the DSCC&rsquo;s grassroots network. Please add us to your address book or approved senders list to make sure you keep receiving DSCC updates.
Emails are a critical way for us to stay in touch with our grassroots supporters. 99% of the DSCC&rsquo;s contributions come from grassroots donors giving less than $200. We also strive to keep you updated on issues related to the Democratic Party&rsquo;s values.
If you&rsquo;d like to stop receiving emails related to this campaign, please
click here .
If you&#39;d like to make a contribution to support us, please
click here . We are already beginning to prepare for the fight ahead &ndash; reclaiming the majority in 2016. It will take every single grassroots supporter, but we know it&rsquo;s possible with your help. If you&rsquo;d like to stop receiving all emails from the DSCC, please
unsubscribe . We greatly appreciate your continued support.
Contributions or gifts to the DSCC are not tax deductible.
