
If you are having trouble viewing
this message or would like to share it on a social network, you can
view the message
online .
Home
Contact Me
About
Services
News
Issues
March 22, 2015
Dear
David,
With warmer
weather approaching, my Washington office is beginning to see more and more
school groups from Minnesota coming to visit our nations capital on
their spring breaks. This week, I met with 140 students from Edina's
South View Middle School on the Capitol steps. I always enjoy
interacting with our local students when they come to visit. Be sure to contact
my office if you are planning a trip to D.C.
Another school group I'd like to mention are the 'Typhoons,' the
robotics team from Bloomington's Oak Grove Middle School. The Typhoons
took first place at the recent Minnesota First Tech Challenge State
Championships and have now qualified for regionals. Science,
technology, engineering, and mathmatics educational opportunities like robotics
teams are helping our students prepare for the jobs of
tomorrow.
I congratulated the team in a speech on the House
floor .
This week, I also
wrote a column in
The Hill
newspaper
with
my Democratic colleague Rep. Scott Peters from California about
protecting Medicare Advantage. The popular program has served our seniors
well by offering flexibility and choice to achieve lower costs and better
quality care. However, cuts to the program are resulting in higher
premiums and reduced benefits for our seniors, and there is bipartisan
support to ensure our seniors can continue to access this beneficial
program.
Have a great week and if I can be of help to you or your family, please
give my office a call. Join the conversation online by visiting
my
website ,
Facebook
page ,
Twitter , and make sure to watch my
most recent video,
Erik's Correspondence
Corner .
Sincerely,
Erik Paulsen
Member of
Congress
Congressional Art Competition
Since 1982, the House of Representatives has held an art competition
to recognize high school students across the country for the very best
in creativity and talent.
The 2015 year contest is now
underway
and if you know a student in grades 9-12 that
lives or goes to school in the Third Congressional District, encourage
them to enter! Just contact my office at 952-405-8510 for more
information. All of the art will be on display at the Bloomington Art Center in
April and the winning piece will be displayed for a full year at the
Capitol building in Washington, D.C.
Preventing Breast Cancer
For far too many,
breast cancer is a disease that has affected them personally. One out of
eight women will develop breast cancer in their lifetimes.
Tragically, it is the leading cause of cancer death among women. Thats why I am
cosponsoring legislation that focuses on identifying strategies for
the prevention of breast cancer, as well as prevention of allowing the
cancer to metastasize. We need to look at opportunities to assist in
curing breast cancer that are currently not being prioritized. Breast
cancer continues to devastate lives and we must work together to find a
cure.
Repealing the Death
Tax
The estate tax, or death tax, can make it
difficult for many families to pass on the family farm or small business to
their children or the next generation after they pass away.
While the death tax may have been designed to go after wealthy estates, the
fact is it's forcing small businesses and family farms to break apart
and preventing them from investing more in their business. This
week,
I spoke at a hearing
where small business
owners and family farmers shared their stories. Paying for large life
insurance policies and estate planning is also a waste of valuable
resources that these businesses won't be able to use to expand their
operations.
Erik at
the Brooklyn Park DQ for Free Cone Day, celebrating the Minnesota
company's 75th
anniversary.
Congressman Paulsen at a hearing
about the impact of the estate tax on small businesses and
farms.
Erik
speaking with students from Edina's South View Middle School on the
Capitol steps.
###
Unsubscribe
|
Update My
Profile
|
Privacy Policy
