
If you are having trouble viewing this message or would like to
share it on a social network, you can
view the message online .
HOME
ABOUT
SERVING YOU
WHERE I STAND
MEDIA CENTER
CONTACT ME
March 19, 2015
Dear
Friends,
In recent days, President Obama and officials in his
administration have claimed that foreign policy is the prerogative of the
executive branch. In my opinion, they are wrong. Responding to a
question on March 3 regarding Speaker Boehners invitation of Israels Prime
Minister Benjamin Netanyahu to address Congress, President Obama
stated that
its very important for all of us
Americans to realize that we have a system of government in which foreign
policy runs through the executive branch and the President, not through
other channels. And on March 9, Press Secretary Josh Earnest
stated that
this is the way that our Founding Fathers
envisioned, that the executive branch would be responsible for
protecting the foreign policy interests of the United States.
I
believe that these statements are not supported by the facts. As the
Congressional Research Service stated in a
1999
report , the United States Constitution divides foreign policy powers
between the President and the Congress so that both share in the making of
foreign policy. Our Founding Fathers wanted the executive and
legislative branches to share responsibility for our nations foreign policy
because, as Alexander Hamilton wrote in
Federalist
75 , the history of human conduct does not warrant that exalted
opinion of human virtue which would make it wise in a nation to commit
interests of so delicate and momentous a kind, as those which concern
its intercourse with the rest of the world, to the sole disposal of a
magistrate created and circumstanced as would be a President of the
United States.
In short, foreign policy is too important
to trust to the executive branch alone. The American peoples
representatives
Congress
have a crucial role to play in our nations
foreign policy, whether that is initiating a policy, or overseeing,
refining, supporting, or critiquing one initiated by the executive branch, and
even undermining a bad policy when necessary. In addition to the
Senates specific responsibility of providing advice and consent on
treaties, the Constitution also charges Congress with determining how to
spend taxpayer funds, providing for the defense of our nation, regulating
commerce, and declaring war. Congress may fulfill its foreign policy
responsibilities by appropriating or limiting funds where it deems
necessary, passing resolutions in support of or condemning an executive
branch or foreign government policy, writing letters to and meeting
with representatives of the executive branch and foreign governments,
conducting oversight hearings and investigations, or exerting pressure
through the threat of legislative action.
In my opinion, the
President should stop attempting to diminish the role that Congress
plays in our nations foreign policy and instead work with Congress to
modify, improve, and implement policies that are stronger because of the
check and balance dynamic between branches of government that our
Founding Fathers envisioned. Whether its a trade deal with economic
ramifications or an arms control deal with national security implications,
the Constitution requires that Congress has a say in the foreign
policies that impact our nations interests. The American people and their
interests around the globe are better represented when both branches
participate
just as our Founding Fathers intended.
Sincerely,
Ileana
Ros-Lehtinen
Member of
Congress
Don't
forget to follow me on Twitter
@RosLehtinen . I
send out live updates and links to recent videos!
E-mail Updates
Yes, please
periodically send me e-mail updates.*
*By subscribing to my
e-mail updates, you are authorizing me
to send regular e-mail updates from my office to your e-mail
account.
Tell a Friend
E-mail:
E-mail:
E-mail:
Washington, DC Office
2206
Rayburn HOB |
Washington, DC 20515
Phone: (202) 225-3931 |
Fax:
(202)
225-5620
Miami Office (Main)
4960 SW 72 Ave, Suite
208 |
Miami, FL
33155
Phone: (305) 668-2285 |
Fax: (305)
668-5970
Unsubscribe
|
Update My
Profile
|
Privacy Policy
gateway
mail end 