
Official Site
Constituent Services
News
Contact
U.S. Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell&rsquo;s eNewsletter - - Week of February 9, 2015
Bipartisan Bill for Veterans Suicide Prevention Signed into Law
On Tuesday, Senator McConnell joined Speaker of the House John Boehner and members of the House and Senate at a ceremony for the
Clay Hunt Suicide Prevention for American Veterans Act . The bipartisan bill passed the House of Representatives unanimously and passed the United States Senate last week.
During the ceremony, Senator McConnell said, &ldquo;We know our country has a duty to provide quality care for our heroes. And bills like this one help extend a helping hand when our veterans need it most. It&rsquo;s legislation every American can celebrate, regardless of party.&rdquo;
On Thursday, the President signed the
Clay Hunt Suicide Prevention for American Veterans Act
into law. The law will provide more of the mental-health and suicide-prevention support our veterans deserve.
Click the image below to view the Senator&rsquo;s remarks on Tuesday.
Bipartisan Jobs Bill Passes Congress; Now Goes to President for Signature
On Wednesday, Senator McConnell spoke on the Senate Floor urging the President to sign the bipartisan legislation approving the Keystone XL pipeline, a job-creating infrastructure project that will boost our nation&rsquo;s economy.
Click the image below to view the Senator&rsquo;s floor remarks.
On Friday, Senator McConnell joined Speaker of the House John Boehner and members of the House and Senate calling on the President to sign the bipartisan infrastructure bill.
Senator McConnell said, &ldquo;The new majority is getting Congress back to work for the American people. Passing a bipartisan jobs and infrastructure bill like Keystone represents another step along that path.&rdquo;
Click the images below to view the Senator&rsquo;s remarks on Friday.
Senator McConnell Announces Drug Czar Will Visit Kentucky
On Monday, Senator McConnell delivered remarks on the Senate Floor regarding his support of the nomination of Michael Botticelli to be the Director of National Drug Control Policy. Senator McConnell said, &ldquo;I look forward to working with our nation&rsquo;s next Drug Czar, just as I&rsquo;ve worked with previous Drug Czars. Drug abuse is a serious problem in my home state.&rdquo;
The
Associated Press
reports in the
Bowling Green Daily News :
&ldquo;Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell announced that Michael Botticelli, the incoming director of National Drug Control Policy, plans to visit northern Kentucky and eastern Kentucky this year. McConnell said those visits will ensure a &lsquo;continued federal focus on Kentucky's drug problem.&rsquo;&rdquo; Click
HERE
for the full article.
Thanks to Obamacare, Many Will Face New Tax Penalties This Year
On Tuesday, Senator McConnell spoke on the Senate floor regarding the &ldquo;headaches&rdquo; Obamacare will cause Americans as they fill out their tax returns this year, saying, &ldquo;If you have health insurance, Obamacare now has a tax for that. If you don&rsquo;t have health insurance, Obamacare has a tax for that too&hellip;The truth is, Obamacare is a law that just keeps on giving &mdash; giving headaches to the middle class. It meant millions of cancellation notices. It&rsquo;s meant higher costs for many.&rdquo;
Click the image below to view the Senator&rsquo;s floor remarks.
Senator McConnell Condemns Comments Made by EPA Official
Senior EPA official said they didn&rsquo;t hold public hearings in coal country because visiting would have made them uncomfortable
On Wednesday, Senator McConnell responded to comments a senior EPA official made acknowledging that the agency declined to hold public listening sessions on proposed anti-coal regulations in places like Kentucky and West Virginia because visiting the heart of coal country would have made them uncomfortable.
&ldquo;On several occasions over the past two years, I urged the EPA to come to Kentucky to speak directly to those most impacted by its anti-coal regulations and to get a first-hand view of the effects of the War on Coal. The EPA repeatedly denied our requests,&rdquo; Senator McConnell said. &ldquo;We knew this administration had no interest in visiting coal country, and now we know why &ndash; because it makes them uncomfortable to look Kentucky coal miners and their families in the eye and tell them what they plan to do to their communities. As this administration continues to take steps to destroy the coal industry and the livelihoods of thousands of Kentuckians, I will continue the fight against these job-destroying regulations and make sure the Administration is forced to face the reality of what they&rsquo;re doing to those in coal country.&rdquo;
Because of the EPA&rsquo;s repeated refusals to visit coal country, Senator McConnell held his own listening session at the University of Pikeville in 2013. He also attended two of the EPA&rsquo;s Washington, D.C. sessions in both 2013 and 2014.
Click
HERE
to read a report from
The Hill :
&ldquo;EPA Assailed for Leaving Coal Country Off Climate Hearing Tour&rdquo;
Senator McConnell Welcomes Henry Clay H.S. Students to Washington, D.C.
On Wednesday, Senator McConnell welcomed students from Lexington's Henry Clay High School to his office in the U.S. Capitol. Following their visit with Senator McConnell, the office provided them with a tour of the U.S. Capitol. The students were competing in the Model United Nations program at Georgetown University. Their teacher is Lt. Col. Scott Brown, who served with the 101st Airborne Division in Afghanistan and Iraq. Senator McConnell talked to the students about Henry Clay and his importance to Kentucky and our Nation.
Visiting our Nation's Capital
If you&rsquo;re planning a trip to Washington, D.C., please check out Senator McConnell's
website
and visit his office while you are in town. Every week, Senator McConnell welcomes to his office in the U.S. Capitol many Kentuckians from across the Commonwealth to discuss issues of importance to Kentucky. Also, the Senator&rsquo;s office has information on tours, places to visit and local restaurants to help make your trip to the nation&rsquo;s capital one to remember.
Keeping Up With Senator McConnell
Keep up with the latest news and alerts from our nation&rsquo;s capital as well as updates on things happening back home in Kentucky by becoming a fan of Senator McConnell&rsquo;s
Facebook
page, and get the latest news from Senator McConnell&rsquo;s press office on Twitter at
@McConnellPress . Senator McConnell is also on Instagram - Follow him at
@McConnellPress .
Get this newsletter delivered to your inbox by signing up
HERE
Official Site
|
Privacy Policy
|
Unsubscribe
