
Mitch McConnell and Republicans have a simple task: Hold a vote to confirm Loretta Lynch, President Obama&rsquo;s nominee to be the next Attorney General.
McConnell on
CNN : Attorney General vote &ldquo;will be put off again&rdquo;
David -- Mitch McConnell and Republicans have a simple task: Hold a vote to confirm Loretta Lynch, President Obama&rsquo;s nominee to be the next Attorney General.
But instead of moving to fill this critical position,
Politico
writes that
&ldquo;[McConnell] appears to be trying to use Lynch&rsquo;s... nomination as a bargaining chip&rdquo;
-- to protect a harmful and divisive anti-abortion rider in the human trafficking bill!
Republicans snuck the abortion-restricting language into a bill meant to fight human trafficking.
And now they refuse to confirm a new Attorney General unless Democrats drop their objections and vote for the bill!
It&rsquo;s disgusting and outrageous. Republicans will stop at nothing to advance their anti-choice policies!
Tell McConnell: Confirm Loretta Lynch -- and leave anti-abortion politics out of it!
Your Supporter Record
Last Petition Signed:
N/A
Confirm Loretta Lynch:
Signature Pending &gt;&gt;
Republicans have held Lynch&rsquo;s confirmation up for months -- one of the longest delays for a nominee in history! There&rsquo;s no excuse: Lynch is a highly regarded prosecutor who would make history as the first African American woman Attorney General.
Holding her confirmation hostage to promote Republicans&rsquo; anti-abortion agenda is just disgraceful. Will you stand with us today and send a strong message to Mitch McConnell?
Sign on to tell McConnell and the GOP to drop the partisanship and hold a vote to confirm Loretta Lynch.
Thanks for your help,
DSCC Rapid Response
Democratic Senatorial Campaign Committee
P.O. Box 96047
Washington, DC 20090
Paid for by the Democratic Senatorial Campaign Committee, dscc.org,
and not authorized by any candidate or candidate&#39;s committee.
The DSCC is the only organization solely dedicated to supporting Democrats in the U.S. Senate. This message was sent to dj724530@gmail.com because you are a part of the DSCC&rsquo;s grassroots network. Please add us to your address book or approved senders list to make sure you keep receiving DSCC updates.
Emails are a critical way for us to stay in touch with our grassroots supporters. 99% of the DSCC&rsquo;s contributions come from grassroots donors giving less than $200. We also strive to keep you updated on issues related to the Democratic Party&rsquo;s values.
If you&rsquo;d like to stop receiving emails related to this campaign, please
click here .
If you&#39;d like to make a contribution to support us, please
click here . We are already beginning to prepare for the fight ahead &ndash; reclaiming the majority in 2016. It will take every single grassroots supporter, but we know it&rsquo;s possible with your help. If you&rsquo;d like to stop receiving all emails from the DSCC, please
unsubscribe . We greatly appreciate your continued support.
Contributions or gifts to the DSCC are not tax deductible.
