
Friday, March 6, 2015
WEBSITE
|
FORWARD TO A FRIEND
| SHARE ON:
Foxx Report
This week Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu addressed a joint session of Congress and spoke of the threat of an Iran with nuclear weapons capability. Prime Minister Netanyahu is absolutely right to be concerned. The world cannot tolerate a nuclear Iranian regime.
The Obama administration is signaling it will support temporarily restricting, not eliminating, Irans potential to produce nuclear weapons, but I believe it is critical that we act to ensure Iran does not obtain nuclear capabilities. Further, any deal reached by the State Department and Iran regarding their nuclear program needs to include Congressional involvement.
As a strong supporter of Israel, I am concerned about the animosity that exists toward one of our strongest allies. Though there may be widespread ignorance in the international community about the conflict between Israel and those who seek its destruction, the simple truth is that throughout history Israel has made numerous concessions in the pursuit of peace while seeking only the right to exist and defend itself from all threats.
A strong Israel is key to stability and security in the Middle East, and I will continue to stand with our friend and ally.
VA Reform Bills
This week the House passed two bills to deliver more accountability and better care for Americas veterans. H.R.
280 would give the VA Secretary complete authority to recoup for cause bonuses paid to VA employees. This legislation provides the VA Secretary with additional means to discipline those individuals who engaged in misconduct.
H.R. 294, the Long-Term Care Veterans Choice Act, would authorize the VA to provide long-term care for veterans through medical foster homes. Medical foster home care, which is approximately half the cost of a nursing home, is a long-term care alternative for veterans who prefer a smaller, more home-like and familial care setting than many traditional nursing homes provide.
The entire nation owes our military personnel and veterans a huge debt of gratitude, and ensuring that debt is properly repaid is one of my top priorities in Congress.
Department of Homeland Security
This week I voted against a long-term funding bill for the Department of Homeland Security, which the House passed by a vote of 257 to 167. Unfortunately, this legislation does nothing to prevent President Obamas unlawful plans to grant amnesty to millions of illegal aliens through executive actions, which undermine our system of checks and balances.
On Jan. 14, the House passed legislation to fund the Department of Homeland Security for the remainder of fiscal year 2015 that included amendments specifically designed to stop President Obamas executive amnesty. However, Senate Democrats, many of whom have publicly opposed the presidents actions on immigration, stood in the way of a vote on the House-passed bill and instead voted to strip the House amendments from the legislation and allow President Obama to act unilaterally on immigration.
While House Republicans made good-faith efforts to resolve the situation, Senate Democrats and the president refused to contribute to finding a solution. Now, the fight against the presidents blatant overreach of his Constitutionally-granted executive authority will be litigated in the courts. I will continue to work tirelessly to hold the president accountable for his utter disregard of the law and the will of the American people.
Whats Coming Up
Next week the House will hold a district work week.
Sincerely,
NOTE: Please DO NOT respond to this email as this inbox is unattended. To contact my office please
click here
SIGN UP TO RECEIVE REGULAR UPDATES
|
PRIVACY POLICY
|
CONTACT US
Click Here Click Here