
February 20, 2015
WEBSITE
|
FORWARD TO A FRIEND
| SHARE ON:
Make sure to enable photos in your email browser!
Destroying ISIS
Click here to listen.
Last week, President Obama sent his proposed Authorization for Use of Military Force (AUMF) to Congress.
A year after he dismissed ISIS (also called ISIL or Islamic State) as the jayvee team, I welcome President Obamas recognition of the threats we face. This AUMF should be accompanied by a
strategy and the means to achieve the objective
of destroying the Islamic State. Congress, the American people, and especially our service members deserve a thoughtful plan to support authorization.
We know too well that leading from behind does not work; America must take an assertive role with our allies in routing ISIS across the map.
In the days and weeks ahead, Congress will lead a robust and public debate over this newly proposed authorization. I welcome that.
It is our constitutional responsibility.
A carefully crafted authorization can both give our military the flexibility and tools it needs to successfully combat this enemy and garner the support of the American people.
Combating National Security Threats
I now serve on the
House Permanent Select Committee on Intelligence , which is charged with the oversight of the U.S. intelligence community.
With recent ISIS-inspired attacks and high-profile cybercrimes, it is clear the new century of threats we face know no national borders. Our national security depends on critical threat assessments to disrupt and stop those seeking us harm, and the public demands thorough oversight of intelligence programs. This committees work plays an integral role in keeping our nation and our people safe.
RPC: Real Ideas, Real Solutions.
Im also honored to be elected by my colleagues to serve as a representative on the
House Republican Policy Committee
(RPC). Our mission is to develop and advance conservative policy solutions in the House of Representatives in order to improve the lives of all Americans.
The committee serves as a working group that studies and advises on a broad array of policy concerns.
On the House Floor
Cutting red tape for Ohio small businesses
Small businesses are being hit the hardest by burdensome government regulations. Federal red-tape, often written by people who have never run a business, now costs small business owners over
$11,000 a year per employee .
Small businesses deserve a seat at the table and relief from ill-conceived regulations.
That is why the House recently passed, with my support:
The Unfunded Mandates Information and Transparency Act
to ensure that Congress and federal agencies are fully informed about the impact of federal mandates before enacting them.
The Small Business Regulatory Flexibility Improvements Act
to close loopholes abused by federal agencies and require them to seek input from small businesses before imposing any new regulations.
Featured Cosponsorship:
H.R. 24
The Federal Reserve Transparency Act of 2015
Featured Policy Letter:
President Obama's executive orders threaten integrity of OH's voter registration.
Read HERE
Have a bill or letter you would like me to support?
Let me know here .
More Ways to Connect
Facebook
Twitter
YouTube
#TIMETOBUILD
The
Keystone XL Pipeline Approval Act
has passed the House and Senate, and it is on its way to the president's desk.
Listen here
for my thoughts on the President's threat to veto this bipartisan legislation.
Weigh in on what's before Congress:
D o you think Congress should block the president's executive action on immigration?
Your Feedback Matters
Earlier this month, the non-partisan Congressional Management Foundation wrote about our office's efforts to solicit your feedback about my office's customer service. I'm proud of the innovative work we are doing to listen directly to you.
Read the full article : How to Conduct a
Congressional Customer Service Survey
Attention High School Artists!
I encourage you to enter this years
Congressional Art Competition , sponsored by the Congressional Institute. Compete for a chance to display your artwork for an entire year in the U.S. Capitol and win two plane tickets to Washington, D.C. for a special recognition ceremony!
April 24 th
is the deadline to submit artwork.
Visit my website for more details.
NOTE: Please DO NOT respond to this email as this inbox is unattended. To contact my office please
click here
Connect:
WASHINGTON, D.C. OFFICE
1318 Longworth H.O.B.
Washington, DC 20515
P:
(202) 225-3164
F:
(202) 225-1992
HAMILTON COUNTY OFFICE
7954 Beechmont Ave, Suite 200
Cincinnati, OH 45255
P:
(513) 474-7777
F:
(513) 605-1377
PEEBLES OFFICE
170 North Main St.
Peebles, OH 45660
P:
(513) 605-1380
F:
(937) 798-4024
UNION TOWNSHIP OFFICE
4350 Aicholtz Rd.
Cincinnati, OH 45245
P:
(513) 605-1389
UNSUBSCRIBE
|
PRIVACY POLICY
|
CONTACT US
Click Here Click Here