
Combatting Out of Control Spending
Last week, the President released his budget proposal for Fiscal Year 2015. Not surprisingly, the Administration's answer to our nation's problems includes drastically increasing spending. If adopted, President Obama's budget proposal would add another $8.5 trillion to the national debt. We simply cannot afford the Presidents vision of Americas future. In addition to more of the same out-of-control spending, President Obamas budget proposal would recklessly tax American job creators into oblivion. I look forward to the Republican budget proposals that will be debated in the spring, and other measures that will reign in Washingtons runaway spending.
Repealing Obamacare
This past week I had the opportunity to voice my support for H.R. 596, the repeal Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act. As a conservative, I am convinced that we cannot afford the Presidents fundamentally flawed healthcare plan. The Affordable Healthcare Act has failed in concept as well as in merit. We know that Obamacare was offered under the pretense that it would make health insurance more accessible, however more than five million Americans have already received insurance cancellation notices for 2014.
Not only is Obamacare bad for individuals seeking healthcare plans, Obamacare is bad for American businesses. Currently, there are 2.5 million less full-time workers employed because of the employer mandate. Obamacare contributes an additional $1 trillion in taxes at a time when American businesses are already struggling to compete. H.R. 596 repeals Obamacare, and instructs the Chairmen of the U.S. House Energy and Commerce, Ways and Means, Education and Workforce, and Judiciary Committees to coordinate in order to introduce patient-centered alternatives. Please click
here
to see my remarks on H.R. 596.
Congressional Art Competition
I am very pleased to announce that the annual Congressional Art competition has begun. Each year there is a competition in which high school artists are encouraged to compete. The winning artist from each district will have their work displayed at the U.S. Capitol!
For more information concerning the competition, those interested high school students living in the Tenth Congressional District are encouraged to apply
here .
Looking Forward: American Energy Independence
This week, the House will vote on S.1, the Keystone Pipeline Approval Act. With the potential to create up to 40,000 jobs, and with gas prices fluctuating daily, Georgians know that we must chart a new path forward in fostering American energy independence. The creation of the Keystone XL pipeline would lessen our dependence on hostile nations for oil. Additionally, Keystone would be a step in the right direction towards lowering costs of energy in the homes of hardworking Georgians, businesses, and the federal government.
S.1 is returning to the House of Representatives with some changes made to the original U.S. House bill. To see my remarks concerning the attempt by Senate liberals to halt the progress and creation of the Keystone XL pipeline, please click
this link . To date, more than 22,000 pages have been compiled by the State Department on the creation of the Keystone pipeline. If you think that no more studies are needed, and American Energy Independence should be allow to flourish without the threat of the President's veto pen, please share your thoughts with me on
Facebook .
Newsletter
It is my distinct honor and privilege to serve as the Representative for Georgia's Tenth Congressional District. If you are a constituent, or would like to receive my weekly newsletter, please sign up
here .
WEBSITE
|
UNSUBSCRIBE
|
CONTACT
Click Here Click Here