
February 6, 2015
Supporting Scientific Research
Friends,
Every day that I represent you in Congress, I look for ways to cut spending and reduce the size, power and cost of the federal government.
The first bill I co-authored on the first day of this congressional session was a balanced budget amendment to the Constitution.
As the new Chair of the House Appropriations Subcommittee which oversees our nation's scientific research agencies, one of my top priorities will be to cut wasteful spending and ensure these federal agencies, particularly NASA, return to their core mission of basic scientific research.
I spoke recently with Jeff Mervis
of Science
magazine to discuss my agenda for the coming Congress. I hope you will take a few minutes to read.
Sincerely,
John
The Money Chase, 2016: New Head of Key House Science Spending Panel Likes Limited Government, Unlimited Exploration
Space exploration is not in the U.S. Constitution. But promoting the progress of science is. That makes it easy for Representative John Culberson (RTX) to reconcile his allegiance to the 10th Amendment of the U.S. Constitutionwhich states that all powers not vested in the federal government are reserved for the stateswith his passionate support for multibillion-dollar scientific missions to distant objects, such as Jupiters moon Europa.
As the new chair of the Commerce, Justice, and Science (CJS), and Related Agencies spending panel in the U.S. House of Representatives, what Culberson thinks matters a great deal to the U.S. scientific community. Thats because CJS oversees a good chunk of nondefense, nonmedical federal research; its jurisdiction includes NASA, the NSF, and the National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration and the National Institute of Standards and Technology within the Commerce Department.
Last week, Culberson, 58, sat down with
ScienceInsider
in his Capitol Hill office to discuss his love affair with science, his commitment to small government, and the relationship between the legislative and executive branches. A lawyer and former Texas state representative, the seven-term congressman represents a staunchly conservative district in west Houston, where he grew up.
Reprinted with permission from AAAS.
To read more, visit: http://culberson.house.gov/news/documentsingle.aspx?DocumentID=398207
Tell a Friend
Forward this email
to a friend.
E-mail Updates
Yes, please periodically
send me e-mail updates.
NOTE: Please DO NOT respond to this email as this inbox is unattended. To contact my office please
click here
UNSUBSCRIBE
|
PRIVACY POLICY
|
CONTACT US
Click Here Click Here