
If you are
having trouble viewing this message or would like to share it on a
social network, you can
view the message online .
HOME
ABOUT
CONTACT
ME
SERVING YOU
MEDIA CENTER
ISSUES &amp;
LEGISLATION
OUR DISTRICT
March 06, 2015
Dear Friend,
This week marked an important step forward
in making much-needed reforms to Amtrak and our passenger rail
systems across the country. On Wednesday the House passed the Passenger Rail
Reform and Investment Act, or PRRIA, which I authored along with
several members of the Transportation committee. PRRIA passed with
widespread bipartisan support.
PRRIA will help modernize our
passenger rail systems and make Amtrak run more like a business. This is
a good, bipartisan bill that for the first time authorizes Amtrak in a
fiscally responsible manner while also saving American families time
and money. Importantly for Californians, it prevents another disaster
like California high speed rail from wasting taxpayer dollars.
Californias high speed rail proposal no longer looks anything like what
voters approved.
Under PRRIA, rail grants that exceed $1
billion are required to secure a state match. They must also include a
usable segment of track. These requirements are similar to 2008s Prop
1A, which was approved by California voters. If grant applicants cannot
complete their proposed projects and operate at full capacity within
20 years, any funds provided on by the federal government must be
returned on a pro-rated basis.
PRRIA streamlines the RRIF
process, giving passenger railroads in California better access to
financing. It enhances the private sectors ability to leverage railroad
right of way to increase revenues, encourages development in and around
Amtrak stations by strengthening multimodal connections and capturing
development-related revenue streams, and provides for concurrent
environmental review, which will speed up project
delivery.
PRRIA included a bill of mine called Pets on Trains that will require
Amtrak to establish a pet policy for domesticated cats and dogs. Im the
first person to point out how many important issues we need to address
here in Washington
everything from job creation to tax reform to
national security priorities. Pets on Trains is a simple piece of
legislation, and while its not my focus, it is a provision with widespread
bipartisan support. Im pleased to see it pass the House and look
forward to seeing it introduced in the Senate
and so
does my dog Lily .
On Tuesday, Israeli Prime Minister
Benjamin Netanyahu gave a powerful speech to both chambers of Congress.
His words were clear and direct on the nature of the threat we face
from the Iranian nuclear program. Only strong American leadership and
close cooperation with our ally Israel can turn Iran away from her
dangerous path seeking to annihilate the Jewish state with out of control
nuclear proliferation and towards a peaceful region where all countries
can prosper without fear.
I urge all to
listen to the Prime Ministers speech
and I pledge to continue
to pursue policies that protect our country and her allies from the
threat of a nuclear armed Iranian regime.
Last week I
mentioned ongoing debate about funding the Department of Homeland Security
(DHS). On Tuesday, I voted to fund DHS through September. The top
priority of Congress is to ensure the safety of the American people. My
vote on Tuesday ensures that our homeland security agents and personnel
have the certainty and long term funding necessary to do their critical
work of keeping us all safe.
I do not support the
Presidents unilateral executive action on immigration as it flies in the
face of the United States Constitution and ignores the will of the
people.
As you may have seen in the news, we took a series of
additional votes and several funding options were considered. We had
hoped to be able to go to conference with our Senate counterparts and
come to an agreement. However, there was never enough support in the
Senate for any of the bills the House passed prior to Tuesdays. We
cannot hold hostage funding for our national security. I will continue to
push for a full debate on every aspect of immigration
reform.
I met with members of the
VFW National Legislative Committee this week, including a constituent
of mine, David Norris, who serves as the VFW National Legislative
Vice-Chairman.
On Wednesday, I met Joelle Gomez and
Jennifer Jones, who run Womens Center Youth &amp; Family Services in
Stockton. I was pleased to hear about their work to provide crisis
intervention and prevention services to over 18,000 runaway and homeless youth
and survivors of domestic violence and sexual assault in San Joaquin
County.
I always enjoy seeing my friend Jose
Rodriguez of El Concilio, who was in Washington this
week.
Im looking forward to spending next week at
home.
If you happen to commute via ACE Train in the
morning, I will be joining you on Thursday . See you
then!
JEFF DENHAM
Did you think Prime Minister
Netanyahus speech sent the right message?
Yes No Do you think the Administration is doing enough to protect Israel and
the rest of the world from the threat of a nuclear Iran?
Yes No *By answering this survey, you are
subscribing to my newsletter. If you are having trouble, click
here.
E-mail Updates
Yes, please periodically send me e-mail
updates.*
*By
subscribing to my
e-mail updates, you are authorizing me to send regular
e-mail updates from my office to your e-mail account.
DC
office:
1730 Longworth HOB
Washington, DC
20515
P: 202-225-4540
F: 202-225-3402
Modesto Office:
4701 Sisk Road, Suite 202
Modesto,
CA 95356
P: 209-579-5458
F: 209-579-5028
Unsubscribe
|
Update My Profile
|
Privacy
Policy
