
NOTE: Please DO NOT respond to this email as this inbox is unattended. To contact my office please
click here
ABOUT
SERVICES
ISSUES &amp; LEGISLATION
MEDIA CENTER
RESOURCES
CONTACT
ESPAOL
Saturday, February 28, 2015
WEBSITE
|
FORWARD TO A FRIEND
| SHARE ON:
Marc's Memo-Celebrating Black History Month in the Metroplex
Dear Friends,
As Black History Month Draws to a close, it is my hope that you took the time to rejoice in our communitys rich history. Here in the Metroplex, we are surrounded by many treasures that embody our rich culture and that help us keep our history alive.
During the month of a February, you traveled with me to Fort Worth, Irving, and Grand Prairie to learn more about our jazz music history, celebrate our very own Heritage Center, learn about the creation of the first African-American union, and commemorate the lives of local civil rights activists.
In addition, last week I had the opportunity to continue my work under my Marc Means Business initiative and worked side by side with the owners and employees of Lawsons Cleaners.
In the meantime, I hope that you will stay connected with me through
my official website ,
Facebook page , and
Twitter account . Happy Holidays!
Sincerely,
Congressman Marc Veasey, TX-33
Celebrating Black History Month
I hope you enjoyed the Black History Month facts I shared during the month of February on my Twitter and Facebook pages. Although we draw a close to this joyous month of celebration, make sure that you continue to learn about the challenges and opportunities the African-American community faces in the Metroplex and across the nation.
To view my high resolution photos of important locations celebrating African-American heritage,
click here .
#MMB At Lawsons Cleaners
Last week, I clocked in at Lawsons Dry Cleaners for my monthly Marc Means Business work day.
I spent the day offering customers assistance with their dry cleaning needs and learned more about the challenges that Metroplex residents face in their work and daily lives.
To view coverage of my MMB work day,
click here .
To view my high-resolution photos of my work day,
click here .
Please visit my website for more information about my Marc Means Business initiative,
Email me
to suggest jobs for future 'Marc Means Business' workdays and stay updated on workdays and other events by following me on
Facebook ,
Twitter , and
Instagram .
Funding DHS &amp; Governing Responsibly
Earlier this week, I took to the House floor to call on House Republicans to act responsibly and join the 192 House Democrats who have already signed on to a long-term clean DHS funding bill today.
House Republicans must realize that the duty of Congress is to keep American families safe and to govern responsibly. Instead, by offering funding for just 3 weeks, they are putting our national security at risk and asking our hardworking TSA screeners, ICE officers, Coast Guard members, and Secret Service Agents to prepare for the possibility of work without pay next month.
#DontShutdownOurSecurity
Click here
to view the video.
A Fair Start In Education
Recently, the Department of Education released its first Preschool Development Grants. These grants are aimed at improving the quality and quantity of early education around the country. Eighteen states were chosen to receive the grants but Texas was not one of those states.
That is why
I took to the House floor
to address the problem and
published an article in the Huffington Post
that reviews our obstacles and opportunities in providing a fair start for all.
Click here
to view my floor speech.
Calling All Young Artists in the Metroplex!
Metroplex high school students, can you paint, draw, or take photos? Maybe
YOU
can be the next young artist to represent the 33 rd
Congressional District in the halls of the Capitol.
The winner of the CD33s Congressional Art Competition will receive two round-trip tickets to attend a reception in their honor in Washington, DC. In addition, the winning students artwork will be displayed in the United States Capitol for a year.
To be considered for the 2015 Congressional Art Competition, original artwork should be submitted to either the Fort Worth or Dallas district office by 5 PM on April 10, 2015. To read the complete art competition submission rules and guidelines, please visit
Congressman Veaseys official website
or contact Daniela Huerta at 214-741-1387 or Alejandro Hukill-Arias at 817-920-9086.
Registration for 2 nd
Annual Teen SummitMarch 2 nd
On Monday, March 2, 2015, registration for my FREE annual Teen Summit opens for juniors and seniors to learn about financial aid and scholarship opportunities, military academy appointments, job interview strategies and the opportunity to interview for summer internships and apprenticeships throughout the Metroplex.
For more information on the Teen Summit or to RSVP for this important event, please visit
Congressman Veaseys official website
or contact Jimika Allison at 817-920-9086.
Contact Me
E-Newsletter Sign-Up
Help with a Federal Agency
Flag Request
Visit Washington, D.C.
2nd Annual Teen Summit
Registration opens on Monday, March 2nd.
To register,
please click here .
CONNECT WITH ME
Washington, DC Office
414 Cannon House Office Building
Washington, DC 20515
P: (202) 225-9897
F: (202) 225-9702
Dallas District Office
JP Morgan Chase Building
1881 Sylvan Ave., Ste. 108
Dallas, TX 75208
P: (214) 741-1387
F: (214) 741-2026
Fort Worth District Office
Office Tower at La Gran Plaza
4200 South Freeway, Suite 412
Fort Worth, TX 76115
P: (817) 920-9086
F: (817) 920-9324
NOTE: Please DO NOT respond to this email as this inbox is unattended. To contact my office please
click here
Click Here Click Here