
RAND'S NEWSLETTER UPDATE
FEBRUARY 13, 2015
Please allow me to update you on this week's happenings in Washington, D.C.
Dr. Rand Paul Introduces Civil Rights Voting Restoration Act
This week, I re-introduced the Civil Rights Voting Restoration Act of
2015, co-sponsored by Senate Minority Leader Harry Reid (D-NV). This
bipartisan legislation would restore Federal voting rights for
non-violent ex-offenders.
A criminal record is currently one
of the biggest impediments to voting in federal elections. The Civil
Rights Voting Restoration Act will reform existing federal law and give
low-level ex-offenders another opportunity to vote. This is an issue
that I feel strongly about, and I will continue to fight for the
restoration of voting rights in the hopes of giving non-violent
ex-offenders a second chance.
Click
HERE
to read my entire statement.
Dr. Rand Paul Announces Service Academy Nominations for 2015
On Tuesday, I announced my service academy nominations for 2015. Fifty-one Kentuckians were nominated to the U.S. Military Academy, the U.S. Naval Academy, the U.S. Merchant Marine Academy, and the U.S. Air Force Academy.
It is an honor to nominate these young women and men from Kentucky to attend America's esteemed service academies. I applaud each of these students, both for their hard work in the classroom and their dedication to our country.
Click
HERE
to read my statement in its entirety.
Dr. Rand Paul Meets with Kentucky Education Association
On Thursday, I had the opportunity to meet with Kentucky Education Association's
(KEA) Vice President, Lisa Petrey-Kirk from Anderson County, and KEA's
Director, Eddie Campbell from Knox County. During
the discussion, we touched on many important topics including common
core testing in Kentucky.
(Dr. Rand Paul and Kentucky Education Association - February 12, 2015)
Dr. Rand Paul Speaks at Lincoln Labs
On Thursday, I spoke at Lincoln Labs located at the Chamber of Commerce in Washington, D.C. After my speech, I fielded questions from Mike Arrington, founder of TechCrunch, and discussed net neutrality, "Audit the Fed" legislation, and the economy.
(Dr. Rand Paul and Mike Arrington, Founder of TechCrunch - February 12, 2015)
Dr. Rand Paul Meets with Kentuckians from the Waterway Council
I had the opportunity to meet with the Kentuckians from the Waterway Council on Wednesday afternoon. It was great meeting with the group and discussing inland waterway system funding and the implementation of the Water Resources Reform and Development Act.
(Dr. Rand Paul and Waterways Council - February 11, 2015)
Dr. Rand Paul Meets with the Kentucky Rural Water Association
On Tuesday, I had the pleasure of meeting with the Kentucky Rural
Water Association in my offices in Washington, D.C. During the meeting,
we discussed many important topics including issues affecting Rural
Water in Kentucky.
(Dr. Rand Paul and Kentucky Rural Water Association - February 10, 2015)
Media Wrap-Up
This week, I appeared on Fox's America's
Newsroom with Bill Hemmer . I spoke with several radio stations across the country, as well as stations in Kentucky. I also penned op-eds in the
Bowling Green Daily News
and
Breitbart .
Have An Issue Or Concern?
If you are a Kentucky resident and need assistance with a federal agency or concern, feel free to contact the Bowling Green office (270-782-8303) to have a discussion with the appropriate staff member.
Stay in Touch with Sen. Paul's Social Media
You can find updates on what I'm doing by visiting my Senate website,
www.paul.senate.gov
and you can follow my official Google+ account
HERE . You can also subscribe to my YouTube channel
HERE . Don't forget to become a fan of my
official Facebook page
and my
official Instagram page
for other timely updates.
Warm Regards,
To unsubscribe from Rand's newsletter, please visit the
unsubscribe page
