
Fellow Illinoisans:
Dan and Trish, married veterans, live in
Chicago, Illinois. When Trish returned from
fighting in Iraq in 2011, she began
developing symptoms of Post-Traumatic Stress
Disorder, also known as PTSD. Her PTSD can be
triggered by anything from a backfiring car
to simply a bad thought running through her
head.
Today, as he did all through law school,
Dan takes care of Trish. He makes sure she
stays on top of all her medications and goes
with her to counseling appointments. While at
a Veterans Affairs facility,
Dan and Trish learned of the VA Caregivers
Program. Since joining, the benefits have
been life-saving.
In 2009, I introduced legislation creating
the Family Caregiver Program so caregivers of
severely injured veterans returning from Iraq
and Afghanistan could take care of our heroes
at home. The program provides home health
training, peer support, and a small financial
stipend. The caregivers, like Dan, also have
access to mental health support and
enrollment in the VAs Civilian Health
and Mental Program, if they are not already
eligible.
Since its creation, the Caregivers Program
has been extremely successful. 22,000
veterans who served in Iraq and Afghanistan
participate in the program today, nearly 400
in Illinois alone. In addition to providing
valuable support, the VA Caregivers program
is also a money saver for taxpayers.
The VA spends an average of $332,000 per
veteran per year in VA nursing homes, an
average of $88,000 per veteran per year in
community nursing homes, and about $45,000 a
year in per diem payments to veterans in
State Veterans Homes. Through the Family
Caregivers Program, the VA cost per veteran
per year
including the stipend
is a maximum of $36,000.
Senator Tammy Baldwin (D-WI) and I
introduced a bill this week that will expand
the Caregiver Program to include all severely
injured veterans. The VA estimates that an
additional 70,000 more veterans would be
eligible under this expansion. I hope this
Congress will act quickly and pass this
important bill.
Dan and Trish, and many other families
like theirs, count on the Caregiver Program.
Their sacrifice didnt end after their
deployments and they continue to show great
courage every day they work together on
Trishs recovery.
We owe each and every veteran a great debt
of gratitude. The VA Family Caregivers
Program has proven it can make a difference
in the lives of Americas heroes and
their dedicated caregivers. Expanding the
program will help so many more families in
need and will finally provide assistance to
the caregivers of veterans of all eras on an
equal basis.
If you are an injured veteran from Iraq or
Afghanistan and want to know if you are
eligible for the VA Caregivers Program,
click
here.
Sincerely,
Dick Durbin
United States Senator
If you did not sign up to receive this email or no longer
wish to receive future updates, please
click here to unsubscribe .
Sent from the office of U.S. Senator Dick Durbin