DOCTYPE html
February 22, 2015
Congressman McHenry Weekly Update
The Passing of a Dedicated Public Servant
This Wednesday the 10th District, our state, and country as a whole lost a true gentlemen and dedicated public servant with
the passing of my predecessor, former Congressman Cass Ballenger .
Congressman Ballenger was a distinguished representative for Western North Carolina in both Raleigh and Washington during his career who always remained, first and foremost, focused on the needs of those he represented.
For me personally, Congressman Ballenger was extremely gracious and served as a tremendous resource as I came to Congress, illustrating how to best serve the people of Western North Carolina.
You can see my full statement on Congressman Ballenger's passing
here .
I also highly recommend visiting the website of the
Hickory Daily Record
for additional remembrances of Congressman Ballenger
here
and
here .
You can read Congressman Ballenger's complete obituary
here .
Productive Week in the 10th District
After six straight weeks in Washington to start the 114th Congress, it was refreshing to spend a full week back at home in Western North Carolina.
Despite the wintry weather, I had a productive week meeting with constituents and touring local businesses.
On Monday I began by visiting the Community Volunteer Fire Department in Belmont where I met with two firefighters who have spent over 50 years with the department.
(with Richard Harris &amp; the truck dedicated in his honor)
(with Robert Jackson &amp; the truck dedicated in his honor)
Later that afternoon I visited the Gaston County Department of Health and Human Services where I met with Director Chris Dobbins and his staff to discuss health issues facing the county including the Department's efforts to fight childhood obesity and immunize children.
I concluded my day by visiting Tube Enterprises in Kings Mountain.
Tube Enterprises produces cots used by FEMA and other health agencies for disaster relief.
During the visit I toured their manufacturing facility and learned about the life-saving products they produce.
Later in the week I visited CaroMont's new regional health center in Mount Holly.
I had previously visited when construction was ongoing so it was great to see the finished building.
While there I toured the facility, including the ER which serves the emergency needs of northeast Gaston County.
That afternoon I had the honor of presenting a flag flown above the United States Capitol to Belmont's Holy Angels in recognition of their 60th anniversary caring for children and adults who suffer from physical and developmental disabilities.
Following the presentation, I had the pleasure of speaking with the young men and women of the South Point High School Navy ROTC who assisted with the formal presentation and flying of the flag.
For additional photos from my visits across the 10th District be sure to follow me on
Twitter
and
Instagram
and like my
Facebook page .
Court Blocks Obama's Immigration Actions
Late Monday night brought news that a federal judge in Texas has
blocked President Obama's executive action
providing legal status to illegal immigrants.
I applaud the judge's decision delaying what I see, and the President himself has acknowledged, to be a gross overstepping of his authority.
While this court order is likely to be appealed, I am hopeful that other judges will agree and uphold this initial ruling.
In the meantime, it is imperative the United States Senate take up, debate, and pass the
House-passed Department of Homeland Security funding measure that permanently blocks the President's illegal actions .
By clicking the image below, you can view a complete list of each of the 22 times President Obama admitted his executive action on immigration was beyond the powers possessed by his office.
What I Have Been Reading
John Teeter receives Catawba County Chamber honor
Hickory Daily Record
On Wednesday I attended the Catawba County Chamber of Commerce's Annual Shareholders and Investors Luncheon where Hickory's John Teeter was awarded the Chamber's 2015 Community Leadership Award.
Mr. Teeter is a Hickory native who has long been a philanthropic leader in Catawba County and this award is much deserved.
Behind the curtain, troubles persist in HealthCare.gov
Politico
The federal health care exchanges website was a disaster when first rolled out in late 2013.
Given over a year and countless millions to fix the website and we regrettably are still seeing headlines like this.
The website is but the tip of the iceberg when it comes to Obamacare's problems but is emblematic of this disastrous law.
Beer revival: NC's southern beer renaissance continues
Hickory Daily Record
The craft beer industry is booming nationally and nowhere is that more clearly seen than North Carolina and the 10th District specifically.
With over 20 local craft breweries, the 10th is the epicenter of this growing industry creating good paying, local jobs.
WASHINGTON, D.C. OFFICE
2334 Rayburn HOB
Washington, D.C. 20515
Telephone: 202.225.2576
Fax: 202.225.0316
HICKORY DISTRICT OFFICE
87 4th St. NW, Ste A, PO Box 1830
Hickory, NC 28603
Telephone: 828.327.6100
Toll-Free in NC: 800.477.2576
Fax: 828.327.8311
GASTONIA DISTRICT OFFICE
Suite 115
Gaston Co. Administrative Bldg
128 West Main Avenue
Gastonia, NC 28053
Telephone: 704.833.0096
BLACK MTN. DISTRICT OFFICE
160 Midland Avenue
Black Mountain, NC 28711
Telephone: 828.669.0600
Click Here Click Here