
E-news Sign-up
Sunday February 22, 2015
CONTACT STEVEN
No Amnesty
In Case You
Missed It...
GOP resolution proposes gay marriage ban
The Hill
A resolution introduced in the House proposes amending the Constitution so that only marriages between men and women are legal.
The amendment as outlined in the resolution, offered by Rep. Tim Huelskamp (R-Kan.), would allow states not to recognize same-sex marriages.
The 29 Republican lawmakers who have signed on as co-sponsors of Huelskamp's resolution are Reps. Jeff Duncan (S.C.), Joe Pitts (Pa.),
Steven Palazzo
(Miss.),
Steve King (Iowa)
Amnesty
This week, U.S. District Judge Andrew S. Hanen put a halt to President Obamas illegal immigration plans, citing that the immigration process should not take effect until the Administration answers legal questions. My conservative colleagues and I have been fighting the president on his illegal actions for months.
I'm glad to see the courts agree and are taking steps to declare the president's unilateral actions unconstitutional. I applaud this Texas judge for not only standing up for what he believes in, but for what is right. Our country is built on the checks and balances system. No president has the authority to by-pass the Constitution and ignore the will of the American people.
Eliminate Pensions for Members of Congress
Recently, I signed on as a cosponsor of a bill to eliminate retirement pensions for members of Congress.
Our Founding Fathers envisioned public officials as servants, not rulers.
However, over time Washington has become increasingly filled with career politicians powered by greed. As many of you may be aware,
I voluntarily gave up my pension when I came to Congress.
As a long-time proponent of term limits and one who believes Members of Congress should serve and return home to live under the laws they create, I look forward to supporting this bill on the House floor and leading by example in Washington.
New Office
Our Gulfport office has recently moved to a new location in Biloxi located right off the I-10 exit in order to be more convenient for residents of the six southern counties.
Our new address is:
970 Tommy Munro Drive
Suite D
Biloxi, MS 39532
(228) 864-7670
As always, if we can be of any assistance please call or visit my office.
For more updates I encourage you to connect with me on
facebook ,
twitter , or by visiting my
website .
In Your Service,
Steven M. Palazzo
NOTE: Please DO NOT respond to this email as this inbox is unattended. To contact my office please
click here
UNSUBSCRIBE
|
PRIVACY POLICY
|
CONTACT US
Click Here Click Here