
District Update | February 21, 2015
Click here
if you have trouble viewing this email
New Cowlitz County mobile office hour schedule: We are here to help!
One of the most important things I do as a U.S. Representative is assist the people of Southwest Washington when they have questions about or need assistance with a federal agency. Navigating the various federal agencies can seem like a maze, but my staff and I are here to help. We can't guarantee a specific outcome, but we can work to find solutions, help cut through the red tape and get answers to your questions.
Our new Cowlitz County mobile office schedule begins March 2, and is every 1st and 3rd Monday of the month from 11:00-1:00pm at Kelso City Hall. During this time, residents of Southwest Washington will be able to meet with my staff who are ready and available to discuss resolving issues with federal agencies and federal government resources, including:
Social Security
Internal Revenue Service (IRS)
The Department of Veteran Affairs
Immigration
And others
Please visit
www.JHB.House.Gov
for the complete schedule.
Federal government: we dont need a warrant to read your email
Did you know that electronic communication privacy law has not been updated in the U.S. since 1986? Few were thinking about an Internet or emails at that time, but federal agencies are pointing to that law as justification to treat your emails that are 180 days or older as abandoned and thus accessible by them without a warrant.
This is wrong. Whether your communications are locked in your desk at home or on the cloud, as a U.S. citizen you have a right to the expectation of privacy under the Constitution.
This is why Im working to pass the Email Privacy Act to update the law and fully protect a citizens communication, whether online or not. Ive been pushing for this necessary legislation since the last session of Congress, and its been newly re-introduced for this Congress and is quickly gaining bipartisan support.
Read
more about this bill
here .
Important updates from the VA on health care services
VA offers video on health care choices:
Last year, I supported and Congress passed a bill known as The Choice Act to give veterans who have been waiting to see a VA doctor for more than 30 days non-VA options for health care. As a result, the VA recently rolled out the
Veterans Choice Program
and has put together a short video with more information.
Click here to watch
the video or
visit their website.
Next veterans town hall hosted by the VA coming soon:
WHAT:
VA-hosted event to share information, hear feedback, and answer questions on VA health care and benefits.
Click here for more information.
WHEN:
Saturday, February 28, 2015, 9:30 to 11:00 a.m.
WHO:
Veterans, their families and survivors, and any organization or individual who works with or on behalf of Veterans
WHERE:
VA Portland Health Care System Main Hospital Auditorium, 3710 SW U.S. Veterans Hospital Road, Portland, OR 97239
Giving small business job creators permanent tax relief
Small businesses create nearly three out of every four jobs in the U.S., which is why Congress should be doing everything possible to empower them.
Last week I voted for The Americas Small Business Tax Relief Act that will provide small businesses permanent tax relief for investments back in their own operations of equipment, software, and property. Over the last several years, this tax relief has been approved on a temporary basis, and the deduction limit has varied. This solution will give small businesses more certainty and predictability.
Click here for more information
about the bill.
TOP NEWS
SEATTLE TIMES:
Lawmakers push for end to West Coast port strife
READ MORE HERE
COLUMBIAN Guest Column:
Jaime Herrera Beutler: An ACE in the hole for medically complex kids
READ MORE HERE
POLITICO:
Behind the curtain, troubles persist in HealthCare.gov
READ MORE HERE
McClatchy:
Government wonders: Whats in your old emails?
READ MORE HERE
PHOTO:
Listening and learning from local employers
This week I joined Bill Huseby of Sigma Design (below) and other local contracting companies to hear about their priorities and discuss what Congress can do to help them be successful and grow jobs here in Southwest Washington.
Forward to a Friend
|
Share on Facebook
|
Share on Twitter
|
Permalink
Washington, DC Office
1130 Longworth HOB
Washington, DC 20515
Phone: (202) 225-3536
Fax: (202) 225-3478
Vancouver Office
O.O. Howard House (Officers' Row)
750 Anderson Street, Suite B
Vancouver, WA 98661
Phone: (360) 695-6292
Fax: (360) 695-6197
UPDATE SUBSCRIPTION OPTIONS
|
PRIVACY POLICY
|
CONTACT US
Click Here Click Here