
Official Site
Constituent Services
News
Contact
U.S. Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell&rsquo;s eNewsletter - - Week of March 16, 2015
McConnell Urges Nation&rsquo;s Governors to Join Efforts to Combat President&rsquo;s War on Coal
McConnell&rsquo;s letter to Governors says EPA&rsquo;s proposal raises &ldquo;serious legal and policy concerns&rdquo;
On Thursday, in a letter to all 50 Governors, U.S. Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell called on the Nation&rsquo;s Governors to reject the EPA&rsquo;s proposed regulation that requires states to dramatically restructure their electricity systems based on how the agency thinks electricity should be produced and used in each state. McConnell said the EPA&rsquo;s demands are &ldquo;far beyond its legal authority,&rdquo; and that the agency&rsquo;s proposed plan &ldquo;will be extremely burdensome and costly&hellip;&rdquo;
Click the image below to read the Senator&rsquo;s letter that was printed in the
Appalachian News-Express
in Pikeville, Kentucky.
On Friday,
The New York Times
featured a Page 1 article about Senator McConnell&rsquo;s efforts to stop President Obama&rsquo;s War on Coal and Kentucky jobs.
The New York Times
reports:
&ldquo;Senator Mitch McConnell of Kentucky has begun an aggressive campaign to block President Obama&rsquo;s climate change agenda&hellip; the [EPA] rules could shutter hundreds of coal-fired plants&hellip;Mr. McConnell, whose home state is one of the nation&rsquo;s largest coal producers, has vowed to fight the rules.&rdquo;
Click the image below to read the article.
McConnell Unveils Bipartisan Bill to Combat Maternal Addiction &amp; Infant Opioid Withdrawal
This week, Senator McConnell and Senator Bob Casey (D-PA) introduced the
Protecting Our Infants Act
to address the rise of prenatal opioid abuse and infants suffering from opioid withdrawal.
Senator McConnell said, &ldquo;Researchers estimate that more than one baby every hour is now born dependent on drugs and suffering from withdrawal. This statistic is just heart-breaking. These children are the most innocent members of our society, and we have to protect them&hellip;the bipartisan
Protecting Our Infants Act
can help move our country in the right direction.&rdquo;
On Thursday, Senator McConnell delivered remarks on the Senate Floor regarding the
Protecting Our Infants Act , saying, &ldquo;Nationwide, we&rsquo;ve seen a staggering 300-percent increase in the number of infants diagnosed with newborn withdrawal since 2000. But in Kentucky, we saw similar numbers grow by an almost unbelievable 3,000 percent.&rdquo;
Click the image below to view the Senator&rsquo;s floor speech.
The
Protecting Our Infants Act
is supported by the March of Dimes, American Academy of Pediatrics and the American Congress of Obstetricians and Gynecologists, among other groups.
The Courier-Journal
in Louisville, Kentucky reported on Senator McConnell&rsquo;s
Protecting Our Infants Act ,
&ldquo;Pointing to the &lsquo;heart-breaking&rsquo; rise in births of drug-dependent babies, Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell is spearheading a bipartisan effort to improve the federal government's response to the crisis.&rdquo;
Click
HERE
to read the full article:
McConnell Seeks Bipartisan Move on Infant Drug Addiction
Next month, Senator McConnell will host the nation&rsquo;s Drug Czar at a forum in Covington, Kentucky, to hear firsthand accounts of the devastating impact of prescription drug and heroin abuse in our state. Click
HERE
to read more about the upcoming forum from the
Kentucky Enquirer .
McConnell Urges Senate Democrats to Support Bipartisan Bill to Combat Human Trafficking
&ldquo;Let&rsquo;s remember what this debate should really be about. It shouldn&rsquo;t be about what left-wing lobbyists want. It should be about helping the victims of modern slavery.&rdquo;
Throughout the week Senator McConnell spoke on the Senate Floor in support of the
Justice for Victims of Trafficking Act , a bipartisan bill that would aid victims of human trafficking and enhance law-enforcement tools to protect victims and to combat these crimes. Senator McConnell urged Democrat Senators to end their opposition to the bipartisan human-rights legislation, saying, &ldquo;We invite every Democrat to help us write a happy ending to this story: where the forces of hope and humanity, not powerful lobbyists, prevail.&rdquo;
Click the image below to view the Senator&rsquo;s floor speech on Tuesday.
This week, the
Daily News
in Bowling Green, Kentucky, editorialized on the issue, saying,
&ldquo;Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell, R-Ky., has been on the forefront of battling for passage of this legislation, arguing on the Senate floor for five days about the importance of passing this bill&hellip;McConnell is correct when he says, &lsquo;These victims need a voice. They need justice.&rsquo;&rdquo;
Click
HERE
to read the full editorial.
Visiting Our Nation&rsquo;s Capital
On Tuesday, Senator McConnell welcomed University of Louisville students and student government members to the United States Capitol as they lobbied Congress on higher education issues during the Atlantic Coast Conference Advocacy Day.
Also on Tuesday, Senator McConnell visited with Kentucky members of the Automotive Recyclers Association in his Capitol office.
On Wednesday, Senator McConnell&rsquo;s office hosted leaders from the Kentucky FFA Association and Kentucky 4-H to discuss Kentucky agriculture and recognize National Agriculture Day.
This week, Senator McConnell enjoyed meeting with Kentucky Soybean Association farmers to discuss agriculture issues important to the Commonwealth.
If you&rsquo;re planning a trip to Washington, D.C., please check out Senator McConnell's
website
and visit his office while you are in town. Every week, Senator McConnell welcomes to his office in the U.S. Capitol many Kentuckians from across the Commonwealth visiting D.C. to meet with Senator McConnell and discuss issues of importance to Kentucky. Also, the Senator&rsquo;s office has information on tours, places to visit and local restaurants to help make your trip to the nation&rsquo;s capital one to remember.
Recently, the National Park Service (NPS)
announced
that the peak cherry blossom-bloom is predicted to be April 11th-14th. Click
HERE
to read more from NPS about the Cherry Blossom Festival.
McConnell Welcomes Prince Charles to U.S. Capitol Prior to Royal Couple Visit to Kentucky
On Thursday, Senator McConnell and his wife, former U.S. Secretary of Labor Elaine L. Chao, welcomed His Royal Highness The Prince of Wales to the United States Capitol.
Prince Charles and The Duchess of Cornwall arrived in Washington, D.C. on March 17th for a four-day visit to the United States and visited Louisville, Kentucky on Friday, March 20th.
Senator McConnell said, &ldquo;I would like to thank Prince Charles for visiting my office today prior to his visit to my hometown, Louisville. I appreciate The Royal Couple&rsquo;s interest in Kentucky and I have no doubt they will enjoy their time meeting with Kentuckians and learning more from our business, faith, and community leaders about all that the Commonwealth has to offer.&rdquo;
In the Media
The
Appalachian News-Express
printed an opinion piece in their weekend edition, &ldquo;The Mitch is Back,&rdquo; regarding Senator McConnell&rsquo;s efforts defending Kentucky coal miners and their families against the Obama Administration&rsquo;s anti-coal regulations. Click the image below to read the piece.
This week, Senator McConnell appeared on CNN&rsquo;s &ldquo;State of the Union.&rdquo; Click the image below to view the Senator&rsquo;s interview with CNN&rsquo;s Chief Congressional Correspondent, Dana Bash.
On Tuesday, Senator McConnell and GOP Senators hosted a media stakeout in the U.S. Capitol.
Receive news updates from Senator McConnell&rsquo;s Press Office by following on Twitter at
@McConnellPress . Click the following Twitter images to retweet.
March Madness in Kentucky
McConnell: Kentucky is &ldquo;The College Basketball Capital of the World&rdquo;
Congratulations to the University of Kentucky Wildcats, the University of Louisville Cardinals, and the Western Kentucky University Hilltoppers for making it to the National Collegiate Athletic Association (NCAA) Division I Men&rsquo;s and Women&rsquo;s Basketball Tournaments.
Keeping Up With Senator McConnell
Keep up with the latest news and alerts from our nation&rsquo;s capital as well as updates on things happening in Kentucky by becoming a fan of Senator McConnell&rsquo;s
Facebook
page, and get the latest news from Senator McConnell&rsquo;s Press Office on Twitter at
@McConnellPress
and on Instagram at
@McConnellPress .
For a more behind-the-scenes view of the Senate Majority Leader's office, be sure to follow
@SenateMajLdr
on Twitter and
@SenateMajLdr
on Instagram.
Get this newsletter delivered to your inbox by signing up
HERE
Official Site
|
Privacy Policy
|
Unsubscribe
