
For Immediate Release
Contact: Lale Morrison
February 04, 2015
(202) 225-1313
February 2015
The Hastings Monthly Report
African American History Month
Since 1976, the month of February is designated to celebrating the achievements and contributions made by African Americans to our nation and the world. Each year we set aside this month to recognize the central role African Americans play in the rich tapestry of U.S. history.
The deep history of the African American Diaspora and undeniable involvement of Black Americans in all facets of our nations growth are the threads that weave our country together.
This years theme for Black History Month is
A Century of Black Life, History, and Culture .
Across Floridas 20 th
district and the country, we recognize the century of contributions African Americans have to this great nation.
To that end, I will soon reintroduce legislation to award the Congressional Gold Medal posthumously to one such trailblazer and image of excellence, Lena Horne, for her contributions to music, film, and the Civil Rights Movement.
While we reflect on the important gains made in the ongoing fight for justice and equality for all Americans, we must not ignore the fact that much work still remains. In our quest for a more equitable nation, we must acknowledge the gaps that persist and encourage the potential that all of our children have in making their dreams realized.
For it is in the perseverance and commitment to equality and tolerance by our next generation of leaders that this nation will truly experience the democracy envisioned by members of the Civil Rights Movement.
As we celebrate Black History Month, I urge you to take a moment to participate in one of the many activities that will take place in your local community. African American history is Americas history.
Celebrating the 6 th
Anniversary of the Lilly Ledbetter Fair Pay Act
In January, we celebrated the sixth Anniversary of the
Lilly Ledbetter Fair Pay Act . Passed in response to the Supreme Courts decision in
Ledbetter v. Goodyear Tire &amp; Rubber Co. , the legislation eased access to courts for women seeking to challenge pay discrimination and encouraged employers to implement fair payment practices.
This bill was the first to be signed into law by President Obama. Since then, Democrats in Congress have continued to place paycheck equality at the forefront of their agenda. I was also proud to be a co-sponsor of the
Paycheck Fairness Act
and
Fair Minimum Wage Act of 2013 .
The continued importance of equal pay was highlighted yet again by President Obama in his State of the Union address. However, despite our progress, equal pay for equal work is still a distant notion for many women in the workforce. Approximately half of American workers today are female. And yet, women still receive only $0.78 cents for each dollar earned by their male counterparts, with African American and Latina women receiving even less.
In marking this sixth anniversary, it is important to renew our efforts to address discrimination against women in all its forms. In the 114th Congress, I will continue to support legislation that mandates paycheck fairness, invests in employment opportunities for women, supports fair maternity and family leave policies and raises the minimum wage. Together, we must commit to ending discrimination once and for all.
Humane Society Score Card
I am delighted to report that I scored a 100 percent rating on the Humane Society Legislative Funds 113 th
Congressional Score Card.
The Humane Society has long worked with Congress to bring attention to the issues of great importance in our country regarding the treatment and welfare of animals. Since coming to Congress, I have always supported legislative initiatives that seek to improve animal welfare.
Congress must be proactive in working to ensure that all animals are treated humanely. Furthermore, I have been outspoken against animal abuse and will never waiver in my belief that mistreatment of animals is undeniably unacceptable.
In the 113 th
Congress, I cosponsored legislation designed to prevent further mistreatment of animals, and remain committed to advocating for conservation efforts that support endangered species and the environment. That is why I will soon reintroduce a resolution recognizing and honoring the contributions of the Convention on International Trade in Endangered Species of Wild Fauna and Flora (CITES).
Additionally, I have proudly cosponsored multiple pieces of legislation in the 113 th
Congress that will protect animal welfare as well as consumers, including H.R. 1518, the
Preventing All Soring Tactics (PAST) Act , H.R. 1731, the
Egg Products Inspection Act Amendments , H.R. 366, the
Animal Fighting Spectator Prohibition Act , and H.R. 1094, the
Safeguard American Food Exports (SAFE) Act .
Every year, the Humane Society Legislative Fund rates U.S. Senators and Representatives on their leadership and advocacy for animal rights.
The scorecard tracks key votes, sponsorship, and cosponsorship of important pro-animal legislation. To view the entire scorecard, please visit: ( http://www.hslf.org/assets/pdfs/humane-scorecard/humane-scorecard-2014.pdf )
Congressman Alcee L. Hastings serves as Senior Member of the House Rules Committee, Ranking Democratic Member of the U.S. Helsinki Commission, and Co-Chairman of the Florida Delegation
###
NOTE: Please DO NOT respond to this email as this inbox is unattended. To contact my office please
click here
UNSUBSCRIBE
|
PRIVACY POLICY
|
CONTACT US
Click Here Click Here