
If you are having trouble viewing this
message or would like to share it on a social network, you can
view the message online .
March 20, 2015
Unsubscribe
Update My Profile
Website
|
Meet Rodney
|
11th
District
Services
|
Newsroom
|
Contact
Rodney
e-News
3/20/15
National Worry About National
Security
Yet Another Wake-Up Call to the White
House
Honoring TAPS for Serving Families of the
Fallen
National Worry About
National Security
A CNN poll published this week
shows that Americans have grown increasingly wary of ISIS over the past
six months, but their confidence in the U.S.' ability to combat the
extremist group is waning.
The survey, conducted by CNN/ORC
finds 80% of Americans say ISIS poses a serious threat to the United
States.
Only 6% of respondents in the new poll say ISIS is not a
serious threat.
You can put me in the 80% category.
Since the President announced his intent to degrade and ultimately
destroy ISIS last September, this depraved radical Islamic terror group
has actually expanded the territory it holds.
Yes, its true that
our Air Force and Navy have killed hundreds of ISIS fighters through
air strikes, but recruitment of new terrorists from northern Africa,
the Middle East, Asia, Europe, and yes, even America seems to have
increased.
This week alone, ISIS officially linked arms with
another murderous Islamic radical group in Africa, Boko Haram, and
claimed responsibility for an attack on Tunisias national museum which
killed nearly two dozen people.
But as concerns over ISIS have
grown, it seems Americans' confidence in the plan to combat ISIS has
declined. The CNN poll result show 56% of Americans expressed some
level of confidence that the military's strategy to defeat ISIS will
succeed.
No wonder. Americans see no real strategy from the
White House, which seems content to drop bombs on ISIL vehicles while
seeming to ignore their safe havens in Syria and Libya and
elsewhere.
My Defense Appropriations Subcommittee this week continued its
examination of the Administrations military posture this week with
hearings looking at U.S. Pacific Command, U.S. European Command and the
posture of our National Guard and Reserves.
Next week, we hear
from our Army leadership, including Rockaways General Ray Odierno, and
from officials in the Missile Defense Agency and the intelligence
community.
My recent travels in Egypt and Ukraine highlighted
how much faith our allies, partners and friends have lost in U.S.
leadership.
Now its becoming more clear that the American people
are noticing as well.
Yet Another Wake-Up Call to the
White House
The
Washington
Post
published a story this morning, Gunmen in Tunisia
Museum Attack trained in Libya.
The
Associated
Press
story reads: The two extremist gunmen who killed
21 people at a museum in Tunis trained in neighboring Libya before
carrying out the deadly attack, a top Tunisian security official
said.
Wednesdays attack at the National Bardo Museum killed 21
people
17 of them cruise ship tourists
before the two gunmen were
killed in a firefight with security forces. The attack of such magnitude
in Tunisia
the only country to emerge from the 2011 Arab Spring
uprisings with a functioning democracy
raised concerns about the spread
of extremism to the rest of North Africa.
Rafik Chelli, the
Interior Ministrys top security official, said the attackers had
slipped out of Tunisia in December and received weapons training in Libya
before returning home. He told the El Hiwar El Tounsi TV channel that
authorities did not have further details about where or with which
group they had trained.
The Islamic State group, based in
Iraq and Syria, has claimed responsibility for the Bardo attack. Several
well-armed groups in Libya, which borders Tunisia, have pledged their
allegiance to Islamic State
My postscript: this is just
another wake up call to President Obama to help Egypt fight terrorism
in Northern Africa by delivering the assistance they need to defend
themselves and reassure countries like Tunisia that we are united in
fighting radical Islamic terrorists groups like
ISIL.
Honoring TAPS for Serving The Families of the
Fallen
This week, I had the high honor of being recognized by the Tragedy
Assistance Program for Survivors (TAPS), an incredibly valuable private
charitable organization that tends to the needs of surviving family
members of deceased military personnel.
Whether the solider,
sailor, Marine or airmen is killed in combat, dies of a disease or in an
accident or commits suicide, TAPS provides comfort, care, services and
all manner of assistance for as long as the grieving family needs
it.
TAPS recognized me with their civilian award.
Admiral Jon Greenert, the Chief of Naval Operations, was presented
with the Military Award.
I think we both agree that we should be
honoring TAPS rather than receiving awards from them!
Read
more
here .
Contact Information
WASHINGTON,
D.C.
2306 Rayburn House Office Building
Washington,
DC 20515-3011
(202) 225-5034
NEW JERSEY
30
Schuyler Place, Second Floor
Morristown, NJ 07960
(973)
984-0711
Update
My Profile
-
Unsubscribe
-
Privacy
Policy
