
Keeping Children Safe In The Classroom
On Thursday morning, I joined Senator Joe Manchin (D-W.Va.) to call on the Senate to take long-overdue action on our bipartisan bill to keep predators out of our kids' classrooms with the
Protecting Students from Sexual and Violent Predators Act .
In 2014, at least 459 teachers and other school employees were arrested across America for sexual misconduct with children - including 26 Pennsylvania teachers. Every story represents a tragedy, a childhood shattered, and a family torn by grief and betrayal. As a father of three young children, I cannot imagine the pain and suffering of a parent whose child has been sexually abused. We have an obligation to do everything in our power to safeguard our children from sexual predators.
I am grateful to work with Sen. Manchin on this important effort to protect America's children. You can watch our press conference
here .
Working Across The Aisle
Senator Manchin and I also sat down with Salena Zito of the
Pittsburgh Tribune-Review
to discuss our efforts to keep child predators out of our kids' classrooms and prevent "passing the trash" - namely, the terrible practice of one school helping a known child molester get a job in another school district.
Senator Manchin and I share a strong determination to get this bipartisan legislation passed. Quietly reassigning employees who are known child molesters to another school is absolutely horrific and should be stopped immediately.
Our bill would ensure that states can coordinate and share information to prevent "passing the trash."
You can read Salena's article
here . (Photo: Stephanie Strasburg - Trib Total Media)
Signing The Bill
On Thursday morning, just before my press conference with Senator Manchin, I signed the
Protecting Students from Sexual and Violent Predators Act . This is the final step before the bill was introduced for consideration by my colleagues, and it is officially known as "endorsing" the legislation.
I look forward to seeing my bipartisan bill considered in the Senate, and I am hopeful my colleagues will assist me in passing this commonsense legislation.
Keeping Pennsylvania, America Safe From Islamic Terrorists
Islamic terrorist groups, such as ISIS, pose a serious threat to our national security. ISIS has committed horrendous, murderous acts against Americans and those it has captured. Their geographic footprint and military resources have expanded greatly over the past year. Therefore, I appreciate the president's decision to seek authorization from Congress for the use of military force against ISIS and its associates. I will review the proposal very carefully.
The decision to use military force is a very serious one. But it is clear that the threat of ISIS and Islamic terrorism is only growing worse, and we need a robust plan that will turn the tide and keep the American people safe.
It's unclear whether the administration's draft resolution is up to the task.
Congress now has the opportunity to debate this issue and, hopefully, give our military the proper authorization it needs to succeed.
I took the time to discuss this critical issue on Thursday morning on MSNBC's Morning Joe. You can watch that segment
here .
Justice For Victims Of Child Pornography
I have been working to help victims of child pornography obtain full restitution for their suffering. It started last April when the Supreme Court limited the remedies available to victims of child pornography under federal law. The case concerned Pennsylvania resident "Amy," whose childhood was shattered when, at ages eight and nine, her uncle raped her and then traded the images over the internet. The Supreme Court ruled that Amy would have to find each of the tens of thousands of people who have viewed the images in order to obtain full restitution -- something the Court acknowledged was not feasible.
At that time, the Supreme Court called on Congress to fix the law. I responded by co-sponsoring the bipartisan
Justice for Amy and Vicky Act , which passed the Senate unanimously on Wednesday.
This is a big win for victims of child pornography. I am pleased to work with Senator Hatch in finding a bipartisan solution. Child pornography is a heinous crime with lifelong effects. Its victims deserve nothing less than full compensation for the harm they suffered.
You can read more about my efforts
here .
ALLENTOWN, PA
PH: (610) 434-1444
ERIE, PA
PH: (814) 453-3010
HARRISBURG, PA
PH: (717) 782-3951
JOHNSTOWN, PA
PH: (814) 266-5970
PHILADELPHIA, PA
PH: (215) 241-1090
PITTSBURGH, PA
PH: (412) 803-3501
SCRANTON, PA
PH: (570) 941-3540
WASHINGTON, D.C.
PH: (202) 224-4254
UNSUBSCRIBE
