
Babin Bulletin | March 8, 2015
Click here
if you have trouble viewing this email
Calling All High School Artists:
Congressional Art Competition
I am excited to announce that we've officially kicked off our 2015 Congressional Art Competition. This year's theme will be NASA: Human Spaceflight. A full list of instructions and rules can be found by clicking HERE. The winning artist receives a round-trip flight to Washington, D.C. to see their artwork displayed in the U.S. Capitol, where it will be on display for one year. The first and second runners up will be put on display in our Washington and Texas offices, respectively. If you have any questions, please contact Beverly Ferguson at (832) 780-0966.
Babin Fights Obama Amnesty Plans, Supports Return to Rule of Law
This past week I joined my conservative colleagues in voting against the final DHS funding bill because it was stripped of House-passed provisions that would have blocked the President's executive amnesty actions.
Our opposition came up short of the votes need to block it.
I remain fully committed to fighting to reestablish the rule of law not just on immigration policy but also across the board. The balance of power between the Executive and Legislative Branches of government must be restored. The survival of our Constitutional Republic depends on this balance of power.
Babin Applauds Israeli Prime Minister Netanyahu's Resolve to Confront Threats
I was pleased to welcome Prime Minister Netanyahu to address a joint meeting of Congress to share his perspective on the serious threats facing our close ally Israel, the Middle East and the world, as Iran - a state-sponsor of terrorism - continues down the path of developing nuclear weapons. We must remain united in our opposition to a nuclear-armed Iran and the growing threat of radical Islam. Prime Minister Netanyahu rightly described what is at stake with Iran and it should serve as a wake-up call to the Obama Administration. I share his deep frustration and concern with the current negotiations surrounding Irans nuclear capability. During these difficult times of uncertainty, it is critical that we stand together as one voice with our friends and allies in Israel.
Blocking Obama's Ammo Ban
The Obama Adminsitration's Bureau of Alcohol, Tobacco and Firearms (ATF) has proposed a new regulation that would ban the manufacturing and sale of 5.56 mm/.223 caliber M855 green tip ammunition, which is commonly used for hunting and target shooting.
As an avid hunter and responsible gun owner,
I see this as a direct attack on our Second Amendment rights.
I joined 239 of my colleagues in Congress calling on the ATF to abandon this initiative.
And,
I co-sponsored the Protecting Second Amendment Rights Act (H.R. 1180), which would prohibit the ATF, or any other federal agency, from issuing or enforcing any such regulation.
I am committed to rejecting efforts by the Obama Administration and liberals in Congress to restrict the Second Amendment rights of law-abiding American citizens.
Expanding and Improving Veterans Care
This past week I voted to approve two important bills that would expand health care for our veterans and bring accountability to the Department of Veterans Affairs. First, the Long-Term Care Veteran Choice Act (H.R. 294), expands private health care choices for veterans, giving them more freedom in their health care decisions. Second, H.R. 280, recoups bonuses that should have never been paid to certain government bureaucrats who failed to care for our veterans. Americas service members and their families deserve the utmost respect and gratitude for their service and sacrifice to our country. I am committed to making sure that the promises that were made to our veterans are kept.
Babin in the News
U.S.
Rep. Babin talks Keystone, oil by rail in exclusive interview with Business Journal
(Beaumont Business Journal)
Netanyahu speech a wake-up call
(Baytown Sun)
Amtrak Argument: Should taxpayers continue to support nationwide rail service?
(Beaumont Business Journal)
Snap-shots from the Week
Congressman Babin meets with NASA Astronaut Steve Swanson about his recent mission aboard the International Space Station (ISS).
Lieutenant General Ferrell personally presents Congressman Babin with an Army Seal, which will be prominently displayed in the office along with seals from each branch of the military.
Congressman Babin at the Woodville Lions Club with the Tyler County Dogwood Festival Princesses: Morganne Ross, Kiley Young, Rhiannon Odom, Hannah Conner, Laken Read and Lions President Steve Evans. One of these young ladies will be the next Dogwood Queen.
Forward to a Friend
|
Share on Facebook
|
Share on Twitter
UPDATE SUBSCRIPTION OPTIONS
|
PRIVACY POLICY
|
CONTACT US
Click Here Click Here