
If you are having
trouble viewing this message or would like to share it on a social
network, you can
view the
message online .
About
Contact
Services
Media Center
Legislation
Issues
Resources
February 08, 2015
Friends,
On
Tuesday, our district received some great news from the federal
government.
The Army Corps of Engineers will invest $2 million in the
Georgetown Port dredging project. This money will be used to modify
the dredging disposal sites so they can contain the silt extracted from
the harbor floor.
Our Port has been underutilized for years
because its approved depth has not been maintained.
Less than 20 years ago, the Port handled 1.7
million tons of material and estimates suggest that when it is restored,
potential new customers could generate roughly three million tons in
new activity.
This would be huge for our economy!
While I
am optimistic, I am also realistic.
Securing this funding is not
the final piece of the puzzle for the dredging project, but we have
cleared a big hurdle and are on the path to generate new jobs, income,
and spending in our local economy.
Port of Georgetown. Source: SC Ports
Authority.
New Slogan,
Same Bad Ideas
President Obama sent his trillion
dollar budget request to Congress this week.
The Administration
is attempting to disguise his plan as Middle Class Economics, when
it is a reckless budget that includes a $2.1 trillion tax increase,
$2.4 trillion spending increase, $8.5 trillion in new debt, and never
balancesever.
Either the President thinks he can fool Americans
into thinking this is a good idea, or he has never spent time talking
to normal Americans about how they budget their money.
Most people would agree that if a budget
is operating in the red, it must be trimmed downnot beefed up.
Sure, the Presidents plan includes some enticing government programs
like free community college, but taxpayers would rather see their taxes
cut so they can keep more of their own money.
Imagine if you
had an additional $600 a year.
You could go on vacation, pay down
your mortgage, or use it to cover education costs.
Instead of
the government taking your money and using it for other peoples
education, you could decide how it is
spent.
Boosting Mental Health Care for
Veterans
Last month, the House of Representatives unanimously passed
the Clay Hunt SAV Act, which provides access and quality mental health
care for veterans.
You may remember this bill and the young man
it is named after from a previous e-newsletter.
The House passed
the exact same bill last year, but it was not brought up for a vote in
the Senate. However, things are shaping up differently this year.
I am pleased to let you know that last week, the Senate unanimously
passed this bill.
The Clay Hunt SAV Act now awaits the
Presidents signature and will soon be signed into law so our nations heroes
will have access to quality mental health care, should they need it
when they return home.
Protecting Freedom on SC College
Campuses
We are fortunate to live in a country with a
Constitution that affords us many freedoms like freedom of speech,
freedom of the press, and freedom of religion.
In the words of
President Ronald Regan, freedom is never more than one generation away
from extinction, and we must always remain vigilant in our fight to
protect our freedoms.
I joined Reps. Duncan, Gowdy, Mulvaney,
Wilson, Sanford, Sen. Scott and Sen. Graham in sending a letter highlighting
the importance of freedom of religion to all 64 of our Palmetto State
colleges.
Students have a First Amendment right to freedom of
religion and assembly, and we strongly believe universities have an
obligation to uphold those rights.
Right now, I am not aware of any
colleges in our state that have discriminatory practices and I hope
that it remains this
way.
Stopping the Government from
Snooping
The Fourth Amendment of the Constitution prohibits unreasonable search
and seizure without a judicially sanctioned warrant supported by
probable cause.
This amendment protects our mailboxes, cars, offices
and homes from unreasonable searches, but under current law, our email
accounts remain fair game.
Last week, I joined my colleagues in
introducing the Email Privacy Act of 2015, which would amend the
Electronic Communication Protection Act of 1986 to prevent federal
government agencies, like the National Security Agency (NSA), from accessing
personal email accounts without a warrant.
Constituent Spotlight:
Staff Sgt. Dena M. Forbes
Socastee High
School graduate and Myrtle Beach native, Staff Sgt. Dena M. Forbes was
recognized by the Air Force Space Command Chief for her outstanding work
at the Cape Canaveral Air Force Station.
Staff Sgt. Forbes
oversees training for the Cape Canaveral Area Surveillance Control Team,
which ensures air and sea space around four rocket launch sites are safe.
Congratulations to Staff Sgt. Forbes and thank you for your
service to our country!
Staff Sgt Dena
Forbes and AF Space Command Chief Douglas McIntyre. Source:
Facebook.
It is an
honor and privilege to represent you and your
family.
Have a good
week,
Share on
Facebook
If you would like to reply to this email or contact
my office, please do so by visiting the contact page on my website
here
as this email is not monitored.
Washington D.C. Office
223 Cannon House Office Building
Washington, DC 20515
Phone: (202) 225-9895
Fax: (202) 225-9690
Grand Strand
Office
2411 N. Oak Street
Suite 405
Myrtle Beach, SC 29577
Phone: (843) 445-6459
Fax:
(843) 445-6418
Pee Dee Office
1831 West Evans Street
Suite 300
Florence, SC 29501
Phone:
(843) 679-9781
Fax: (843) 679-9783
Unsubscribe
|
Update My
Profile
|
Privacy Policy
gateway mail
end 