Copyright (c) 1996-2015 Constant Contact. All rights reserved.
Except as permitted under a separate
written agreement with Constant Contact, neither the Constant Contact software, nor any content that appears on any Constant Contact site,
including but not limited to, web pages, newsletters, or templates may be reproduced, republished, repurposed, or distributed without the
prior written permission of Constant Contact.
For inquiries regarding reproduction or distribution of any Constant Contact material, please
contact legal@constantcontact.com.
Mike Kelly's Weekly E-Newsletter
March 2, 2015
Follow me on Twitter!
Visit my YouTube page!
Click here to subscribe to my weekly
E-newsletter
My Offices
ERIE DISTRICT OFFICE 208 E. Bayfront Parkway Suite 102 Erie, PA 16507 Phone: (814) 454-8190 Fax: (814) 454-8197
BUTLER DISTRICT OFFICE
101 East Diamond St Suite 218 Butler, PA
16001 Phone: (724) 282-2557
Fax: (724) 282-3682
SHARON DISTRICT OFFICE
33 Chestnut Street Sharon, PA
16146 Phone: (724) 342-7170 Fax: (724) 342-7242
WASHINGTON, DC OFFICE
1519 Longworth HOB Washington, DC 20515 Phone: (202) 225-5406 Fax: (202) 225-3103
CRAWFORD COUNTY OFFICE Every Wednesday 9:00 a.m. - 4:00 p.m. 908 Diamond Park Meadville, PA 16335
ARMSTRONG COUNTY OFFICE
Every Thursday 9:00 a.m. - 4:00 p.m. 300 South McKean Street Kittanning, PA 16201
LAWRENCE COUNTY
Every Friday 9:00 a.m. - 4: 00 p.m. Lawrence County Courthouse 430 Court Street New Castle, PA
16101
Dear Friend,
Last week was certainly a dramatic week in our nation's capital.
On Friday night, the People's House acted -- once again -- to defend our national security by passing a bill to fund the Department of Homeland Security (DHS). The temporary legislation will give both houses of Congress time to work together to formulate a long-term bill that funds DHS while properly preventing taxpayer money from funding President Obama's unconstitutional executive action on immigration from last December.
Of course,
such a long-term bill was already passed
by my colleagues and I in the House on January 13th. Since then, a
small minority of Senators have stubbornly stood in the way of a vote on this bill and won't even let the Senate debate it.
Remember: President Obama himself has publicly stated on
at least 22 occasions
that he does not have the authority to act unilaterally on immigration.
America's new Congress and the federal judiciary fully agree with the president: he does not have the authority to rewrite our nation's laws.
President Obama's executive action is not only an overreach of his power, but it is a direct disregard for the will of the American people, which is for their elected leaders -- Democrats and Republicans
-- to work together on smart, commonsense solutions.
It's time for the liberal minority in the Senate to stop jeopardizing national security in order to defend the president's unilateral overreach and responsibly vote for a conference so we can work on a commonsense, bipartisan funding solution.
Speaking of overreaches, I was significantly troubled by last Thursday's White House-orchestrated
vote by the Federal Communications Commission
to reclassify Internet service as a Title II telecommunications service.
I agree with Internet experts and millions of concerned citizens nationwide that this sort of "net neutrality" regulation represents an unacceptable federal power-grab. It threatens Internet freedom and openness, American innovation and entrepreneurship, and transparent and representative government. Such an aggressive overreach by a small group of unelected bureaucrats in Washington has become a sad trademark of the Obama administration -- and I will continue to oppose it.
I discussed both of these important issues last week with NewsMax TV's Ed Berlin. You can listen to the interview
here .
Sincerely,
COMING SOON
Rep.
Kelly to Host Live Tele-Town Hall for Constituents
w/IRS Experts on Filing Taxes
Rep. Kelly
will soon be hosting a special toll-free telephone town hall meeting for constituents to communicate with liaisons from the Internal Revenue Service (IRS) on the basics of filing individual income taxes.
WHO:
Representative Mike Kelly (PA-03)
With special guests:
Regis P. Bodnar -- Senior Stakeholder Relationship Tax Consultant, IRS
Frank Quinn -- IRS Governmental Liaison, Pennsylvania
WHEN:
Tuesday, March 10, 2015
|
6:00 - 7:30 PM
CALL-IN INFORMATION:
To participate, dial
877-228-2184
and enter event ID
19013
at the time of the event.
COMING SOON
Pennsylvania
Free File
Briefing and Demonstration
Rep. Kelly will soon be speaking at an upcoming public briefing to highlight and explain the
PA Free File
program for moderate and lower income taxpayers.
All are welcome to attend. Participation is free.
WHAT:
A free seminar on how to use
PA Free File ,
a public-private partnership that provides free online federal and state income tax preparation and e-filing services for eligible.
Opening remarks to be delivered by Rep. Kelly. Refreshments will be served.
WHEN:
Friday, March 13, 2015
12:30 PM: Registration begins 1:00 PM: Public briefing with Rep. Kelly 1:30 PM: Free File demonstration
WHERE:
Lawrence County Community Action Partnership
241 West Grant St.
New Castle, PA 16103
To RSVP, please contact Lori Baux at
MLBaux@gmail.com
or (202) 265-8148
BACKGROUND:
The Free File program
is a partnership between the IRS and name-brand tax software companies that provides eligible taxpayers (those with an income of $58,000 or less) free use of their tax software products. According to the
Computer & Communications Industry Association
(CCIA), Pennsylvania is one of 22 states (in addition to the District of Columbia) that sponsor a Free File program, allowing eligible residents to complete both their federal and state taxes easily and accurately. According to the IRS, 40 million taxpayers have prepared their federal returns through Free File services.
More information about Free File can be found
here ,
here , and
here .
Rep. Kelly Condemns President Obama's Veto of Bipartisan Bill to Build Keystone XL Pipeline
Last Tuesday, Rep. Kelly issued the following statement in response to President Obama's veto of S. 1,
bipartisan legislation to approve the construction of the Keystone XL pipeline .
"By vetoing the massively popular and bipartisan legislation to build the Keystone XL pipeline, the president has severely embarrassed himself and his administration. He has deliberately turned his back on the will of the American people and the creation of 42,000 American jobs for the sake of pleasing a small, fringe minority. This is the very opposite of statesmanship.
"With today's action, President Obama has made it painfully clear that, despite his rhetoric, he is simply not interested in doing what's best for our country. He had an opportunity to prove his commitment to cooperation and deliver a great bipartisan victory for the entire nation, and he chose to reject it. His selfish preference to instead pander to the extreme left will surely stain his legacy.
"Today it is sadly clearer than ever that while America's new Congress is here to serve America's most urgent priorities, President Obama is not. The Keystone XL pipeline remains a commonsense plan that will make our economy stronger, and the fight to make it a reality will go on."
NOTE:
On January 31, 2014, the U.S. State Department issued its
Final Supplemental Environmental Impact Statement
for the permit application of the Keystone XL Pipeline Project, confirming the project is safe and will have limited environmental impacts.
Rep. Kelly Commends Passage of Bipartisan Bill
to Strengthen College Savings Plans
Rep. Kelly -- a member of the House Ways and Means Committee -- issued the following statement last Wednesday regarding the passage of
H.R. 529
in the House of Representatives by a bipartisan vote of 401-20. Rep. Kelly is a co-sponsor of this legislation.
"I am wholeheartedly pleased that the People's House has passed this bipartisan bill to expand, modernize, and strengthen tax-free 529 college savings plans. These plans make it easier for millions of hardworking American families to send their children to college and pursue the careers of their dreams. With college tuition and student loan debt reaching daunting new heights, it makes perfect sense not only to protect this tool from
reckless and misguided attacks
but to also build upon its success by updating it to meet today's realities for students and their parents. I applaud my colleagues on both sides of the aisle for supporting this bill and look forward to it passing in the Senate."
NOTE:
The importance and popularity of 529 college savings plans have grown substantially as more and more middle-income families are using them to save for college. Since the bipartisan creation of Section 529 in 1996, these plans have expanded to nearly 12 million accounts and have resulted in college savings of more than $225 billion for American families. The
Pennsylvania 529 College Savings Program
consists of 13 different investment plans and helps Pennsylvanians keep pace with increasingly expensive college tuition.
H.R. 529
makes three important improvements to 529 savings plans, enhancing what is a successful model for helping students attend college. It achieves the following:
Modernizes 529 plans by adding computers to the
list of qualified expenses;
Allows funds to be re-deposited without taxes
or penalties if a student withdraws early for medical reasons and obtains
a refund from the school; and
Removes unnecessary paperwork burdens that date
back to before withdrawals from 529 plans became tax-free.
Read more about the bill here.
Rep. Kelly Introduces
Taxpayer Knowledge of IRS Investigations Act
Bill will help prevent IRS leaks of private citizens' information
Rep. Kelly -- a member of the House Ways and Means Subcommittee on Oversight -- issued the following statement last Thursday after introducing H.R. 1026,
the Taxpayer Knowledge of IRS Investigations Act , which would amend the tax code to permit the release of certain information regarding the status of ongoing investigations related to the improper disclosure of taxpayer information by employees of the Internal Revenue Service (IRS). Under Section 6103 of the Internal Revenue Code, it is currently a felony for an IRS official to disclose such information to the public or to another government agency, which bars victims of wrongful IRS leaks from knowing the status of their no-longer private information.
"The revelation of the IRS's targeting of innocent American citizens shook the foundation of the American people's relationship with their government. The scandal took a sharp turn for the worse when we discovered that the private information of many American taxpayers was deliberately leaked to outside organizations. Insult was added to injury when the victims of these leaks were denied access to any information about the agency's investigations into these criminal matters.
The Taxpayer Knowledge of IRS Investigations Act
will restore essential accountability to this troubled agency by changing the tax code to grant American citizens the critical transparency that they deserve but have been wrongly denied. With
illicit targeting apparently still transpiring , this commonsense legislation is more necessary than ever."
BACKGROUND:
On May 13, 2013, it was
revealed
that the IRS division headed by now-retired official Lois Lerner
shared highly confidential tax-exempt status applications
from multiple conservative groups with ProPublica, a private outside organization. In October 2013, it was
reported
that the agency "shared highly confidential tax information of several Tea Party groups in the IRS scandal with the Federal Election Commission, a clear violation of federal law."
On February 26, 2015, it was
reported
that, "Nearly two years after the IRS was exposed for improperly sidetracking requests for tax exemptions from tea party groups, ... at least a half-dozen conservative applicants are still waiting for an answer."
NOTE:
Since
news of the IRS targeting scandal
first broke
in May 2013, Rep. Kelly has been
a prominent vocal leader
in the ongoing
pursuit
for
answers
and
accountability . After earning
a standing ovation
for his
fierce scolding
of then-IRS commissioner Steven Miller at the Ways and Means Committee's
first-ever hearing
on the scandal,
The Washington Post 's Right Turn blog named Rep. Kelly its "Distinguished Pol of the Week." The
New York Post
declared that Rep. Kelly's words "ought to be emblazoned across the entryway of every IRS office in America."
In response to the scandal, Rep. Kelly re-introduced
the Government Employee Accountability Act , which would grant all federal agencies the power to fire reckless Senior Executive Service employees (such as
ex-IRS official Lois Lerner ) on the spot, or place them on "investigative leave" without pay. The legislation
was passed by the House of Representatives
on August 1, 2013, as part of the Stop Government Abuse Act (H.R. 2879) by a bipartisan vote of 239-176. Rep. Kelly
re-introduced the bill
once again on February 4, 2015.
WEEKLY PHOTO
Last week, Rep. Kelly met with representatives of the YMCA, including Rick Nedley, Resource Director of the YMCA of the USA, and David John, Executive Director of the State Alliance of YMCAs.
Forward this email This email was sent to dj724530@gmail.com by
thomas.qualtere@mail.house.gov
|
Update Profile/Email Address
|
Rapid removal with
SafeUnsubscribe &trade;
|
Privacy Policy . The Office of Representative Mike Kelly
|
1519 Longworth House Office Building
|
Washington
|
DC
|
20515
