
Dear Friends:
As you may know, Prime Minister Netanyahu
addressed a joint session of Congress
today.Ispoke on the Senate Floor
yesterday to urge my colleagues to continue to
support our strong alliance with a great ally in
the Middle East. You can click
here
to watch.
Otherwise, its been a hectic but
productive Congress so far, and I am grateful for
the opportunity I had to meet with many of you in
Utah in February. We live in a beautiful state
that is quite unlike any other in this country.
We are prosperous and strong, industrious and
innovative, creative and kind. When others look
to the source of Utahs strength, they need
look no further than the people who live
here.
Utah is in good hands, and meeting with
members of the Utah Senate and the Utah House of
Representatives only made me more hopeful for its
future. I was grateful that leadership would
invite me to address both legislative chambers,
and I enjoyed the many opportunities I had
throughout the week to meet with constituents to
discuss their concerns.
(Senator Hatch
Meeting with Utah House of Representatives)
During several eventsIattended
with many Utahns inconjunctionwith
Presidents Day,we commemorated
Lincolns legacy as the first Republican
president and discussed ways we can carry that
legacy forward through a positive, conservative
agenda.Key to moving that agenda forward is
restoring the Senate to regular order, and I am
proud to report that in the first two months of
this Congress, we have made significant progress.
For our nation, now is a time of great
opportunity. In the first few weeks of this
Congress, we have seized that opportunity and
demonstrated that we are ready to govern.
Consider our progress so far:
Right out of the gate, we passed the bill to
approve the Keystone XL pipeline. The passage of
Keystone showed the world that we are serious
about moving America towards energy independence.
In January alone, we shepherded through votes on
more than 30 amendments. Thats twice as
many amendments that were passed in all of 2014.
We are restoring theworlds
greatest deliberative body" to its regular order
and its proper function.
And we are only just beginning. As chairman of
the Senate Finance Committee, Ive led
efforts to reform our broken tax code to produce
a system that is fair, simple, and pro-growth.
Im also leading the way to open up
overseas markets to help our economy grow and
create more jobs right here in Utah.
And Ive introduced a Balanced Budget
Amendmentco-sponsored by every single one
of my Republican colleaguesto restore
fiscal responsibility and live up to the nickname
President Reagan gave me so many years ago: Mr.
Balanced Budget.
(Senator Hatch
with his Senate Republican Colleagues)
As always, representing the great state of
Utah is both a tremendous honor and my top
priority, and I will continue to work hard so
that our commonsense values and priorities have a
place at the highest tables of the federal
government. Please be in touch with my office if
theres any way I can better serve you.
Sincerely,
Orrin Hatch
Home
|
Contact
Us
|
Unsubscribe
This e-mail was sent to dj724530@gmail.com
Click here to unsubscribe
Senator Orrin Hatch
104 Hart Office Building
Washington, DC 20510
Phone: (202) 224-5251
Fax: (202) 224-6331