
in what was likely the last snow of the season.
It is a tradition that generations of kids in the District of Columbia have carried on.
The Board denied my request for a waiver the night before the snowstorm,
but on the day of reckoning, D.C. parents and their kids took matters into their own hands and lifted the ban by sledding on Capitol Grounds.
Capitol Police officers responded with common-sense policing by not enforcing the sledding ban, which is the policy they have adhered to for years.
I thank the Capitol Police for their old fashioned common-sense policing
about when to use the heavy hand of the law.
My initial letter gave the Capitol Police Board 30 days to reply concerning permanently lifting the ban
while using reasonable regulations.
Bill for DHS Provides Full Funding for Most Important Building at St. Elizabeths Campus
Passage of the fiscal year 2015 Department of Homeland Security (DHS) Appropriations bill was critical for national security and for DHS employees.
Importantly for D.C., the bill includes $48.6 million needed for DHS to move into the Center building complex at the DHS campus at St. Elizabeths in Ward 8.
That total is in addition to the $144 million for DHS consolidation at St. Elizabeths included in the 2015 omnibus appropriations bill, which passed last December.
I am glad for the sake of our federal employees and our national security that we avoided another self-inflicted crisis.
Making Trip to Selma About Reviving the Voting Rights Act
I spent this past weekend in Birmingham, Montgomery, and, of course, Selma, Alabama to commemorate the 50th anniversary of the 1965 Voting Rights Act and Bloody Sunday , which occurred on March 7, 1965, when hundreds of civil rights activists of every background marched across the Edmund Pettus Bridge and were met with brutally violent attacks by local police.
It was a powerful and historical couple of days, with particularly memorable speeches not only by the President,
but particularly by Peggy Wallace Kennedy, daughter of Alabama Governor George Wallace, who found an elegant way to apologize for her fathers treatment of African Americans.
Yet today, the historic legislation that drew us to Selma lies in tatters.
The 98 Members of Congress who went by chartered plane, some of them Republicans, should feel they now have a mission to pass a new Voting Rights Act.
President Obama in his speech on the Edmund Pettus Bridge unequivocally called on Congress to pass a new Voting Rights Act, and even President George W. Bush stood to applaud.
After Selma, the next step should be obvious.
Introducing a Bill to Create Local Task Forces on 21st Century Policing Following Racial Profiling Roundtable
Last week, the Congressional Caucus on Black Men and Boys, for which I serve as co-chair, hosted a roundtable discussion focusing on racial profiling and on the findings included in President Obamas Task Force on 21st Century Policing report.
After hearing from Task Force co-chair and Philadelphia Police Commissioner Charles Chuck Ramsey (a former MPD Chief), along with Howard University Student Government President Leighton Watson, I proposed replicating the federal Task Forces mission at the local level across the country.
In order to encourage local action (that is where policing takes place), I will introduce a bill to provide grants to local police departments to create local Task Forces on 21st Century Policing to bring police, representatives of the community, and public officials together to identify issues in their own communities, best policing practices for local police, and other ways to strengthen relations between the community and police departments.
Only by working at the local level can we hope to turn the tide on racial profiling in our country.
D.C. Needs the Same Local Control Over Its National Guard States Have
Last week, I introduced a bill to give the District of Columbia home-rule authority over the D.C. National Guard and strengthen the Guard itself .
The bill would give the mayor of the District authority that governors have in their states over their Guards.
Because our National Guards have national duties as well, the mayor would have to consult with the Commanding General of the D.C. National Guard, who currently has control over the Guard.
Allowing the mayor this authority would improve the citys ability to react quickly to emergencies, such as natural disasters and civil disturbances.
This is a common-sense compromise that gives more local control to our mayor, who knows D.C. better than any federal official does.
Working to Defeat Republican Attacks on D.C. Women, Home Rule
Last week, Senate Republicans introduced a bill attacking womens health choices across the country, but especially here in the District of Columbia .
The D.C. sections of the bill would permanently prohibit the D.C. government from spending its local funds on abortion services for low-income women, prohibit D.C. government employees from providing abortions, prohibit abortions in D.C. government facilities, and define the D.C. government as part of the federal government for the purposes of abortion.
It is especially insulting that Republican Senators would target D.C. women specifically and stomp all over home rule despite their repeated support for local control of local affairs.
We expected anti-choice attacks when Republicans took full control of Congress.
Because of Republican attacks on womens reproductive rights across the nation, I am hosting a roundtable on this subject with national organizations later this month.
FAA Commits to Work with D.C. Neighborhoods on Improving Airplane Noise
During a House Transportation & Infrastructure Subcommittee on Aviation hearing , I got Federal Aviation Administration Administrator Michael Huerta to commit his agencys participation at a community meeting for D.C. residents, many of whom reside in the Palisades, Foxhall, and Georgetown neighborhoods in Ward 3, to discuss solutions to noise created by current airplane flight paths.
This is an issue that affects the lives of thousands of D.C. residents.
I intend for the upcoming community meeting to be a problem-solving discussion for action.
Stay posted for details on when and where that community meeting will be held.
doctype html
Congresswoman Nortons e-NewsletterWednesday, March 11, 2015
Standing Up for D.C. Kids Sledding on Capitol Hill
With the snowstorm looming last week,
I wrote to the U.S. Capitol Police Board requesting an
immediate waiver of the ban on sledding on Capitol Hill to allow kids to at least sled
in what was likely the last snow of the season.
It is a tradition that generations of kids in the District of Columbia have carried on.
The Board denied my request for a waiver the night
before the snowstorm,
but on the day of reckoning, D.C. parents and their kids took matters into their own hands and lifted the ban by sledding on Capitol Grounds.
Capitol Police
officers responded with common-sense policing by not enforcing the sledding ban, which is the policy they have adhered to for years.
I thank the Capitol Police for their old fashioned common-sense
policing
about when to use the heavy hand of the law.
My initial letter gave the Capitol Police Board 30
days to reply concerning permanently lifting the ban
while using reasonable regulations.
Bill for DHS Provides Full Funding for Most Important Building at St. Elizabeths Campus
Passage of the fiscal year 2015 Department of Homeland Security (DHS) Appropriations bill was critical for national security and for DHS employees.
Importantly for D.C., the bill includes $48.6 million
needed for DHS to move into the Center building complex at the DHS campus at St. Elizabeths in Ward 8.
That total is in addition to the $144 million for DHS consolidation at St.
Elizabeths included in the 2015 omnibus appropriations bill, which passed last December.
I am glad for the sake of our federal employees and our national security that we avoided another self-inflicted crisis.
Making Trip to Selma About Reviving the Voting Rights Act
I spent this past weekend in Birmingham, Montgomery, and, of course,
Selma, Alabama to commemorate the 50 th
anniversary of the 1965 Voting Rights Act and Bloody Sunday , which occurred on March 7, 1965, when hundreds of civil rights activists of every background marched across the Edmund
Pettus Bridge and were met with brutally violent attacks by local police.
It was a powerful and historical couple of days, with particularly memorable
speeches not only by the President,
but particularly by Peggy Wallace Kennedy, daughter of Alabama Governor George Wallace, who found an elegant way to apologize for her fathers treatment of African Americans.
Yet today, the historic legislation that drew us to Selma lies in tatters.
The
98 Members of Congress who went by chartered plane, some of them Republicans, should feel they now have a mission to pass a new Voting Rights Act.
President Obama in his speech on the Edmund Pettus Bridge unequivocally called on Congress to pass a new Voting
Rights Act, and even President George W. Bush stood to applaud.
After Selma, the next step should be obvious.
Introducing a Bill to Create Local Task Forces on 21st Century Policing Following Racial Profiling Roundtable
Last week, the Congressional Caucus on Black Men and Boys, for which I serve as co-chair, hosted a roundtable discussion focusing on racial profiling and on the findings
included in President Obamas Task Force on 21st Century Policing report.
After hearing from Task Force co-chair and Philadelphia Police Commissioner Charles Chuck Ramsey (a former MPD Chief), along with Howard University Student Government President Leighton
Watson,
I proposed replicating the federal Task Forces
mission at the local level across the country.
In order to encourage local action (that is where policing takes place), I will introduce a bill to provide grants to local police
departments to create local Task Forces on 21st Century Policing to bring police, representatives of the community, and public officials together to identify issues in their own communities, best policing practices for local police, and other ways to strengthen
relations between the community and police departments.
Only by working at the local level can we hope to turn the tide on racial profiling in our country.
D.C. Needs the Same Local Control Over Its National Guard States Have
Last week,
I introduced a bill to give the District of Columbia
home-rule authority over the D.C. National Guard and strengthen the Guard itself .
The bill would give the mayor of the District authority that governors have in their states over their Guards.
Because our National Guards have national duties as well, the mayor would have to consult with the Commanding General
of the D.C. National Guard, who currently has control over the Guard.
Allowing the mayor this authority would improve the citys ability to react quickly to emergencies, such as natural disasters and civil disturbances.
This is a common-sense compromise
that gives more local control to our mayor, who knows D.C. better than any federal official does.
Working to Defeat Republican Attacks on D.C. Women, Home Rule
Last week,
Senate Republicans introduced a bill attacking womens
health choices across the country, but especially here in the District of Columbia .
The D.C. sections of the bill would permanently prohibit the D.C. government from spending
its local funds on abortion services for low-income women, prohibit D.C. government employees from providing abortions, prohibit abortions in D.C. government facilities, and define the D.C. government as part of the federal government for the purposes of abortion.
It is especially insulting that Republican Senators would target D.C. women specifically and stomp all over home rule despite their repeated support for local control of local affairs.
We expected anti-choice attacks when Republicans took full control of
Congress.
Because of Republican attacks on womens reproductive rights across the nation, I am hosting a roundtable on this subject with national organizations later this month.
FAA Commits to Work with D.C. Neighborhoods on Improving Airplane Noise
During a House Transportation &amp; Infrastructure
Subcommittee on Aviation hearing , I got Federal Aviation Administration Administrator Michael Huerta to commit his agencys participation at a community meeting for D.C. residents,
many of whom reside in the Palisades, Foxhall, and Georgetown neighborhoods in Ward 3, to discuss solutions to noise created by current airplane flight paths.
This is an issue that affects the lives of thousands of D.C. residents.
I intend for the upcoming
community meeting to be a problem-solving discussion for action.
Stay posted for details on when and where that community meeting will be held.
Thanks for subscribing!
Follow Congresswoman Norton on
Facebook ,
Twitter ,
Instagram ,
YouTube , or her
website
for more updates.
Capitol Hill Office
2136 Rayburn HOB
Washington, D.C. 20515
Phone: (202) 225-8050
Fax: (202) 225-3002
S.E. District Office
2041 Martin Luther King Jr. Ave., S.E.
Washington, D.C. 20020
Phone: (202) 678-8900
Fax: (202) 678-8844
Main District Office
90 K Street, N.E., Suite 100
Washington DC 20001
Phone: (202) 408-9041
Fax: (202) 408-9048
To unsubscribe from our list, please click here .
