
E-news Sign-up
Monday, February 16, 2015
CONTACT STEVEN
Working Towards a Better, Safer America
In Case You
Missed It...
Congressman Palazzo Discusses ISIS on FOX News
Excerpt from the interview:
"We've launched over 2,200 air strikes and ISIS seems to be as strong as ever.
I think at the end of the day we have to listen to our men and women in uniform - the people that are actually on the ground who are trained in the profession of arms to defend our country and our allies around the world.
Let the generals come in and tell us exactly what we need.
And as commander-in-chief, the president needs to take counsel with these men and women and make sure we're protecting America and our friends around the world."
House Approves NASA Authorization Bill
Space News
Over the last decade, the human exploration program at NASA has been plagued with instability from constantly changing requirements, budgets, and missions, said
Rep. Steven Palazzo
(R-Miss.), chairman of the House Science Committees space subcommittee and the lead sponsor of the bill. He argued that provisions of the bill like the development of a roadmap address that concern. NASA needs Congress to provide consistency of purpose.
This Week in Congress
NASA Authorization Bill Passes
Tuesday, my NASA Authorization Act of 2015 passed in the House. This bill provides clear and consistent guidance to NASA.
It requires the agency to develop an exploration roadmap and provides a framework to build an executable plan for future exploration efforts.
Now its up to Ted Cruz, my counterpart leading this issue in the Senate, to do his part and ensure successful passage of this bill.
It also continues to invest in Stennis and ensure its continued viability as a NASA testing center for many years to come.
As the old saying goes, if you want to go to the moon, you first have to go through Hancock County in Mississippi.
Keystone Pipeline Hits the Presidents Desk
Wednesday, the House passed the Keystone Pipeline bill and sent it to the president for his signature.
He has continuously threatened to veto this legislation if it reaches his desk.
If the president acts on those threats, then he will have to answer to the American people and explainwhy he is against job creation? Or energy independence? Or rewarding hardworking Americans?... Its time he puts his liberal agenda aside and starts listening to the American people.
Authorization for Use of Military Force (AUMF)
This week the president punted a request for an AUMF to Congress.
He still hasnt presented a clear and concise strategy aimed at defeating ISIS.
Despite our continued airstrike campaign against ISIS, they remain as strong as ever.
Our coalition of allies are waiting for the United States
to
sh ow that we are fully committed to defeating this enemy. Our friends dont trust us and our enemies dont fear us. Im afraid what the president had initially presented here is nowhere near good enough
ISIS is a global threat and I will continue working to ensure the president provides a strategy that will result in the complete destruction of this barbaric terrorist group. I encourage you to visit my website,
www.palazzo.house.gov , to read more on this issue.
Sincerely,
Steven M. Palazzo
NOTE: Please DO NOT respond to this email as this inbox is unattended. To contact my office please
click here
UNSUBSCRIBE
|
PRIVACY POLICY
|
CONTACT US
Click Here Click Here