DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.0 Transitional//EN" "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml1/DTD/xhtml1-transitional.dtd"
Send me an email
|
Forward to a Friend
To:
Constituents of the Fourth District
From:
Congressman Randy Forbes
Date:
February 24, 2015
Subject:
Immigration Memo
Friend
This week, Congress and our country are confronted with a question
not just of immigration
but also of the rule of law. While the short term debate is over funding for the Department of Homeland Security and rolling back this Administration's executive actions on immigration, the broader question being considered is whether any president has the authority to selectively enforce and
unilaterally
rewrite democratically passed laws. Below, I have prepared a brief memo to break down the actions of both the House and the Senate, the process Congress is currently engaged in, and what happens from here.
Every American citizen has a stake in this debate. My hope is that the below memo proves helpful and informative as you engage on this important issue facing our nation.
Yours in service,
Randy
The back story
In November, 2014, the President announced unilateral actions on immigration, which would allow millions of illegal immigrants to stay and work in the U.S. without a vote of Congress.
On December 11, 2014, the House passed a bill (H.R. 83) to fund the entire government
with the exception of the Department of Homeland Security (DHS)
through the remainder of Fiscal Year 2015. DHS and its sub-agencies are responsible for implementing the Presidents executive actions on immigration.
The President signed this bill into law on December 16, 2014.
What has the House done?
On January 14, 2015, the House passed a bill (H.R. 240) to fully fund DHS through Fiscal Year 2015. This bill does several important things:
It provides a total of $39.7 billion in discretionary funding for DHS for Fiscal Year 2015, which is $400 million above Fiscal Year 2014 levels.
It increases funding for Customs and Border Protection by $118.7 million above Fiscal Year 2014 levels, providing $10.7 billion total.
It supports the largest operational force in history
21,370 Border Patrol agents and 23,775 CBP officers.
It increases funding for Immigration and Customs Enforcement by $689.4 million above Fiscal Year 2014 levels.
It fully funds the e-Verify program.
A total of five amendments were adopted to make changes to H.R. 240; two of those amendments
the
Aderholt
and the
Blackburn
amendments
work to roll back the Presidents executive actions on amnesty:
The Aderholt amendment gets to the root of the issue by prohibiting the use of all funding
and fees
to be used by agencies like USCIS to implement the Presidents executive amnesty plan.
The Blackburn amendment prohibits the President from expanding the use of the Deferred Action for Childhood Arrivals (DACA) program.
I supported both of these amendments.
What has the Senate done?
The Senate has had four failed votes to move the bill to the floor for debate
with the most recent happening just last night. These votes are called cloture votes and require a 3/5ths majority to pass (typically 60 votes).
Since Republicans currently control 54 seats in the Senate, Democratic support is needed to achieve the majority vote required to allow the funding bill to be debated on.
Senate Democrats are continuing to block the bill and refusing to allow a debate.
How has the judicial branch been involved?
Last week, a federal judge for the Federal District Court for the Southern District of Texas issued an injunction temporarily halting the Administrations executive actions on immigration.
The injunction was in response to a federal lawsuit filed by 26 states, challenging the constitutionality of President Obamas immigration actions. I joined with the American Center for Law &amp; Justice in filing an
amicus
brief
in this lawsuit, arguing the Presidents executive action exceeds his constitutional authority.
In compliance with the federal judges order, the Administration has indefinitely postponed the implementation of the Presidents executive actions on immigration. However, the White House announced on Friday (February 20 th ) that the Department of Justice will seek what is known as an emergency stay to undo the judge's ruling.
What happens from here?
The Department of Homeland Securitys funding is set to expire on February 27, 2015.
I joined my colleagues in calling on Senator Reid and Senate Democrats to stop blocking the bill to fund DHS, and allow it to come to a vote. You can read the letter,
here
or by clicking the image below.
The House has already passed legislation to fully fund DHS; it is now up to the Senate
particularly Senate Democrats
to do the same.
What will it look like if DHS funding expires?
Lapses in annual appropriations can result in a partial, but not a complete shutdown of DHS operations.
Personnel who continue to work despite the lack of an appropriations bill generally fall into two categories: those whose activities are not funded through the appropriations process and those whose work is necessary for the preservation of the safety of human life or the protection of property.
DHS employees deemed non-essential personnel may be subject to furlough (mainly the employees responsible for the department's management and administrative functions).
During the 2013 government shutdown, approximately 200,000 DHS employees were deemed essential and continued to work, many of them without pay at the time (although back-pay was awarded).
Examples of employees who are deemed essential and continue to work as usual include TSA screeners, active duty Coast Guard members, immigration law enforcement officers, border patrol and customs officers, and Secret Service agents.
During a shutdown, DHS is unable to enter into new contracts, purchase new equipment, or provide grants to states for law enforcement operations.
What to expect from Congress this week:
The House schedule for the week is available,
here . The Senate schedule is available,
here .
On Wednesday, the House Judiciary Committee will hold a hearing titled, The Unconstitutionality of Obamas Executive Actions on Immigration.
Be sure to also keep an eye out for:
The introduction of a version of Rep. Gowdy's SAFE Act, which I supported last Congress, to make border security not just a priority, but a reality.
The introduction of the Legal Workforce Act to strengthen E-Verify.
The introduction of legislation to provide expedited removal of unaccompanied alien children (who are not the victims of a severe form of trafficking or have a legitimate fear of returning to their country of nationality).
For real time updates on whats happening this week, like
my Facebook page .
My work on immigration:
I am an original cosponsor of the
Preventing Executive Overreach on Immigration Act
to rein in the Presidents executive amnesty plan.
I
opposed
the release of criminal illegal immigrants.
I
demanded
deportation of illegal immigrant gang members, and opposed the Administrations actions to selectively enforce our laws and defer deportation.
I
strongly supported
securing the border as our first priority, and have
opposed
the closure of border patrol stations.
I support the empowerment of states to protect citizens and combat illegal immigration, and supported
legislation
to verify employment.
You can learn about my work on immigration by visiting my website,
here.
Home
|
Contact
|
Forward to a Friend
|
Unsubscribe
|
Subscribe
|
Privacy
|
Office Locations
Please do not reply to this message. This email address does not accept incoming messages. To send an email,
click here .
Click Here Click Here