
If you are having trouble viewing this message or would like to share
it on a social network, you can
view the message online .
March 06, 2015
Unsubscribe
Update My
Profile
Website
|
About Doug
|
Constituent Services
|
Issues
&amp; Legislation
|
News
|
Contact Doug
Fighting Back Against Attacks on the
Second Amendment
3/6/15
Congressman Doug Lamborn has
joined 238 of his colleagues in the House in opposing efforts by the
Obama Administration to ban .223 M855 green tip
ammunition.
Fox News: Majority of House members sign
letter blasting Obama bullet ban
proposal
By Maxim
Lott
Opposition to the Obama administration's proposal to ban a
popular bullet is gaining steam in the House of Representatives, where
more than half of the lawmakers have signed a letter opposing the
move.
The Bureau of Alcohol, Tobacco, Firearms and Explosives says it wants
to ban popular .223 M855 green tip ammunition because the bullets can
pierce bulletproof vests used by law enforcement. Although the ATF
previously approved it in 1986, the agency now says that because
handguns have now been designed that can also fire the bullets, police
officers are now more likely to encounter them. Some 239 members of the
House have now put their names to the letter opposing the ban, which they
say would interfere with Americans Constitutional
rights.
This attack on
the Second Amendment is wrong and should be overturned, Rep. Bob
Goodlatte, (R-Va.), who started the petition, said in a statement to
FoxNews.com. "A clear, sizeable majority of the House agree, he
noted.
White
House Press Secretary Josh Earnest backed up the agencys proposal at
a press conference on
Monday.
We are looking at additional ways to
protect our brave men and women in law enforcement This seems to be an area
where everyone should agree that if there are armor-piercing bullets
available that can fit into easily concealed weapons, that it puts our
law enforcement at considerably more risk, Earnest
said.
But gun-rights
groups such as the National Rifle Association note that almost all
rifle bullets can pierce armor, and say that this is just an excuse for
limiting civilian gun
use.
The claim that this is done out of a concern
for law enforcement safety is a lie. The director of the Fraternal Order
of Police has said this is not an issue of concern. And according to
the FBI, not one single law enforcement officer has been killed with
M855 ammunition fired from a handgun," Chris Cox, executive director of
the NRA Institute for Legislative Action, told
FoxNews.com.
Some law
enforcement groups reached by FoxNews.com also say that they no need for
the
regulation.
The notion that all of a sudden a new pistol requires
banning what had long been perfectly legal ammunition doesnt seem to make
a lot of sense to many officers, William Johnson, executive director
of the National Association of Police Organizations, told
FoxNews.com.
NAPO represents over 1,000 police units and associations and 241,000 law
enforcement officers around the
country.
But some law enforcement experts
support the
ban.
I am definitely for the banning of these rounds
officers worry about them all the time, former NYPD detective Harry Houck
told FoxNews.com, though he added that a ban might not actually keep
criminals from getting the
ammunition.
Gun control groups support the
ban.
"We
understand why law enforcement has always been concerned about the
threat of armor-piercing bullets," Dan Gross, president of the Brady
Campaign to Prevent Gun Violence, told
FoxNews.com.
Lawmakers warn that the
regulation
especially as it follows on the heels of attempts to
restrict lead bullets -- will result in drastically reduced options for
lawful ammunition users. Already, the ammunition has been cleared from
many store shelves by gun owners looking to stock up in anticipation of
the ban. The proposed regulation would not prohibit owning the
bullets, but it would stop anyone from manufacturing or importing
them.
Gun-rights groups also worry that the ban
if allowed to stand
wont stop
with this type of
bullet.
Almost any hunting rifle bullet will go through
body armor, so you could prohibit almost any rifle bullet with this.
This is the administration redefining the law on its own, Alan
Gottlieb, of the Second Amendment Foundation, told
FoxNews.com.
The lawmakers also
dispute the ATFs legal authority to ban the bullets, saying that the
proposed ban does not comport with the letter or spirit of the
law.
The
law, which was passed in 1986, gives the agency authority to ban
bullets that are constructed entirely (excluding the presence of traces
of other substances) from one or a combination of tungsten alloys,
steel, iron, brass, bronze, beryllium copper or depleted
uranium.
However,
the lawmakers say that the core of these bullets contains a substantial
amount of lead, raising questions about its classification as armor
piercing in the first
place.
The House members also allege that the ATF
violated government transparency
requirements.
The Administrative
Procedures Act requires that general notice of proposed rulemaking shall be
published in the Federal Register To date, [the proposed ban] has
not been published in the Federal
Register.
The ATF has announced that it
is currently taking public comments on the regulation until March 16,
when it will prepare to issue a final regulation. Comments can be sent
to
APAComments@atf.gov.
An ATF spokesman emphasized that no final
decision has been made
yet.
No final determinations have been made and we wont
make any determinations until weve reviewed the comments submitted by
industry, law enforcement and the public at large, ATF spokesman
Corey Ray told
FoxNews.com.
The framework is intended to protect law
enforcement while respecting the interests of sportsmen and the industry,
he also noted.
Contact Info
WASHINGTON
OFFICE
2402 Rayburn HOB
Washington, DC 20515
Phone: (202) 225-4422
Fax: (202) 226-2638
DISTRICT OFFICE
1125 Kelly
Johnson Blvd., Suite 330
Colorado Springs, CO 80920
Phone:
(719) 520-0055
Fax: (719) 520-0840
DISTRICT OFFICE
415 Main Street
Buena Vista, CO 81211
Phone: (719)
520-0055
Fax: (719) 520-0840
Update My
Profile
-
Unsubscribe
-
Privacy Policy
gateway mail end
