
If you are having trouble viewing this
message or would like to share it on a social network, you can
view the message online .
February 06, 2015
Unsubscribe
Update My Profile
Website
|
Meet Rodney
|
11th
District
Services
|
Newsroom
|
Contact
Rodney
e-News 2/6/15
The Presidents
Proposal: A Budget That Never
Balances
ACA: We need a system that puts the patient
first
Getting the Government Off the backs of Small
Businesses
Ukraine
About to Be Lost
Needs
American Help Now!
Foreign Fighters
Dominate Raqqa Islamic State
Stronghold
Salute: Our Young Military Academy
Nominees
Salute: Congressman Alan
Nunnelee
The Presidents Proposal: A Budget That Never
Balances
The president is required by law to develop
and submit a budget proposal each and every year. President Obama did
just that this week but the document he sent to Congress reads more
like a political "wish list" than a thoughtful blueprint for Americas
future.
Thats why it was so disturbing that the
Administration submitted yet another budget request that is focused on the
same tired agenda that has failed to deliver for American families -
more spending, more taxes and more debt. The proposal contains no
solutions to address the drivers of our ongoing deficits, and no plan to
modernize and simplify our entire tax code to help foster economic
growth and create jobs.
As we have seen over the past several
years, that approach will yield less opportunity for the working
families of New Jersey and additional debt that threatens both our future
prosperity and our national security.
A budget that
never
balances is not a serious plan for our country.
Especially when we have to borrow money from our children and
grandchildren just to afford the programs we already have.
In the
weeks ahead, Congress will be working on its own budget proposal which
will address our governments spending problem and protect our
national security.
You can read more about the Presidents budget
here .
The House Budget Committee has
provided this
set
of "key facts about the
Presidents budget request.
ACA: We need a system that
puts the patient first
I have long supported
genuine health care reform
changes that make health care more affordable
and accessible.
I have not supported the Presidents version of
reform which is driving up costs and putting the government between
patients and their doctors.
This week, the House of
Representatives took a stand against the job killing, costly regulations of the
Affordable Care Act (ACA) by voting to repeal the law. Since ACA was
enacted, it has failed American families and small business by raising
taxes, discouraging hiring, and lowering hours and wages for
employees.
In addition, millions of Americans have been forced to leave
their preferred healthcare plans, pay higher premiums, and are unable
to keep their doctors despite repeated promises from President
Obama.
We need a new system. We need a system that puts the
patient first - one that controls costs through competition and expands
coverage by choice, not coercion.
Getting the
Government Off the backs of Small Businesses
According to
the Small Business Administration (SBA), 7 out of every 10 new jobs
come from a small business.
That means by now half of Americas
work force goes to work every day in a small business every day. But
they worry about their jobs, because small businesses have to pay about
$11,000 per employee to comply with federal regulations, according to
the SBA, and that number is only going up.
This week, the
House passed H.R. 527, the Small Business Regulatory Improvements
Act.
The legislation strengthens and modernizes the Regulatory
Flexibility Act of 1980 (RFA), which requires agencies to assess the impact
of rules and regulations on small business and consider possible
alternatives. In the 35 years since the RFA was enacted, agencies have
exploited loopholes to get around the good-government intentions of the
original legislation. The Small Business Regulatory Flexibility
Improvements Act closes those loopholes by requiring more detailed analysis of
proposed regulations, providing greater opportunity for small
business input, and ensuring agencies regularly review regulations already on
the books for their economic impact on small
businesses.
In 2011, President Obama proclaimed, My Administration is firmly
committed to eliminating excessive and unjustified burdens on small
businesses, and the ensuring that regulations are designed with careful
consideration of their effects, including their cumulative effects, on
small businesses. Agencies should give serious consideration to whether
and how...to reduce regulatory burdens on small businesses, through
increased flexibility.
Small businesses help millions of
families put a roof over their heads, food on the table, and plan for the
future.
President Obama should sign this bill into
law.
Learn more about H.R. 527
here .
Ukraine
About to Be Lost
Needs American Help
Now!
Battling rebels, perhaps fighting side by side with Russian
soldiers, Ukraine's military, is in desperate need of better weapons.
With heavy weapons and plenty of ammunition, the Russian-backed
separatists have momentum.
The President of Ukraine, Petro
Poroshenko, has repeatedly asked the Obama Administration to go beyond
MREs, bandages, tents and night vision goggles and provide lethal aid in
their escalating battle with Russia.
It has been said that
Vladimir Putins goal is to keep Ukraine out of NATO and Keep NATO
out of Ukraine.
In this context, I wrote again this week to
President Obama, and three times in the last year, urging him to grant
Major Non-NATO Ally status to Ukraine.
This is the third time in
less than one year that I have urged the Administration for a
declaration that would allow the U.S. to deliver excess defense articles to
the Ukrainian military and enter into bilateral training
agreements.
MREs, tents and blankets will not turn the tide against Russias
military might.
As the Russian military trains and equips
separatists, Ukraine needs lethal assistance to protect its people and its
independence.
But so far, calls for arms and munitions to
Ukraine have gone unheeded.
Foreign Fighters
Dominate Raqqa Islamic State Stronghold . It is worth the
read
from the Thursday
Wall Street
Journal .
Visiting New Jerseys Vital
Military Installations
I spent the day today
participating in a statewide tour of New Jerseys military
installations.
At my request, the United States Army hosted nine members of the
Congressional delegation to Picatinny Arsenal, Joint Base
McGuire-Dix-Lakehurst, Naval Weapons Station Earle, and the 177th Fighter Wing near
Atlantic City.
We were also briefed by the leadership of the
Coast Guard Training Center in Cape May.
The purpose of
the trip was purely educational.
For many of our colleagues,
this was the first visit to many of these bases and they had the
opportunity to learn what makes each one unique and valuable.
It was a
strong showing by the delegation and I appreciate their
participation.
I was joined on the daylong tour by Reps. Chris Smith,
Frank LoBiondo, Leonard Lance, Bill Pascrell, Albio Sires, Don Payne, Jr.,
Donald Norcross, and Tom McArthur. Lieutenant Governor Kim Guadagno
also joined the delegation.
The Presidents proposed
2016 Budget includes the establishment of another Base Realignment and
Closing Commission (BRAC). While I do not expect a BRAC round to be
approved by Congress this year, the Department of Defense can do a great
deal of downsizing and realigning outside of the formal BRAC process
and New Jersey must be unified and prepared for any
eventuality.
A recent study by Rutgers University indicated that the states
military installations generate employment for 73,168 people (direct
and indirect) with a total output of $9.6 billion and a boost to the
states economy of $6.5
billion.
Salute:
Congratulations to each of the young students from my Congressional
District who earned nominations this year to the
nations
military academies
- the Naval Academy in Annapolis, West Point,
the Merchant Marine Academy and the Air Force Academy.
High
school juniors interested in attending one of our nations service
academies should plan to attend our Academy Career Night in the
spring!
Salute:
To my colleague,
Congressman
Alan Nunnelee
of Mississippi, who passed away this morning at
the age of 56.
He was a valued member of the Appropriations
Committee and will be missed.
Contact Information
WASHINGTON,
D.C.
2306 Rayburn House Office Building
Washington, DC
20515-3011
(202) 225-5034
NEW JERSEY
30
Schuyler Place, Second Floor
Morristown, NJ 07960
(973)
984-0711
Update
My Profile
-
Unsubscribe
-
Privacy
Policy
