
Dear Friend, We lose about as many of our neighbors to guns each year as we do to car accidents.
The difference is that we&rsquo;ve studied car crashes in depth, and it&rsquo;s led to improvements like airbags, seat belt laws, and changes in driver&rsquo;s ed. We should do the same thing for gun deaths -- but the NRA and the GOP are stopping us.
To tackle tough problems, we have to understand them. With more than 30,000 gun deaths each year, all Americans -- Republicans, Democrats, even the NRA -- ought to be able to support objective, data-driven studies about the causes of gun violence. I&rsquo;m looking for your support to make that happen. Along with Rep. Carolyn Maloney, I've called for funding dedicated to research gun violence. President Obama has included this funding in his new budget, and you can show your support by clicking here and signing our petition.
We know all too well the people and groups who will try to stop this research. The NRA is the biggest problem, and they&rsquo;re going to deploy their army of lobbyists to preach the gospel of ignorance and fear. They&rsquo;ll be abetted by Republicans in Congress, and it remains to be seen just how many members of the GOP will continue to put politics before public safety.
In Congress, we must make it clear that gun safety remains a priority. And we need a nationwide effort to keep this conversation going and to keep the spotlight trained on the NRA, their GOP enablers, and anyone else who doesn&rsquo;t want to square up to the facts. The Centers for Disease Control and Prevention conduct research on all sorts of public health issues. They should do the same for gun violence. If you agree, please sign our petition.
Thanks for your support. I&rsquo;ll have more to say on this subject as things move forward in Washington.
Sincerely,
Ed
Paid for by The Markey Committee
Contributions or gifts to The Markey Committee are not tax deductible.
This email was sent to
dj724530@gmail.com
Click here
to unsubscribe
http://www.edmarkey.com
