
February 6, 2015
IN THIS ISSUE:
Senate Aging Committee Holds Hearing to Examine Financial Exploitation
of Seniors
Senator Collins Applauds the Institute of Medicine's Recommendation to
Include Fresh, White Potatoes in the WIC Program
Senator Collins Hails Passage of Veteran Suicide Prevention Bill
Senator Collins Hosts First Bipartisan Senate Lunch of the New Congress
Senators Collins and Cardin Reintroduce the Small Brew Act
Meeting with Mainers
WEEKLY COLUMN
"Oversight - An Essential Ingredient for Good Government"
By: Senator Susan Collins
As a native of Aroostook County, I know how important the Maine potato
industry is to the families and communities it sustains. As a member of
the Senate Agriculture Appropriations Subcommittee, I am committed to
ensuring that federal food policies recognize the value of this
affordable and highly nutritious vegetable.
In recent years, unfortunately, the white potato has been under an
unwarranted attack by the U.S. Department of Agriculture based on
flawed science and outdated consumption data. Four years ago, I led the
fight to overturn a misguided USDA rule that would have strictly
limited servings of white potatoes in the National School Lunch
Program, and would have banned potatoes altogether from the National
School Breakfast Program. With the help of Maine food scientists,
school nutrition experts, and farmers, we successfully prevented this
arbitrary limitation.
Building on that victory, I have been working to end the needless
exclusion of fresh white potatoes from the Department of Agriculture's
Women, Infants, and Children, or WIC, food program. WIC is an
invaluable supplemental food program designed to meet the special
nutritional needs of low-income pregnant women, new mothers, infants,
and children up to five years of age who are at nutritional risk.
Inexpensive and packed with vital nutrients, the white potato is a
perfect fit for WIC.
For more of Senator Collins' weekly column, click here
.
Senate Aging Committee Holds Hearing to Examine Financial Exploitation
of Seniors
Financial exploitation of older Americans is a growing epidemic that
cost seniors an estimated $2.9 billion in 2010, according to the
Government Accountability Office (GAO). In Maine alone, there are
14,000 new reports each year of senior abuse. Financial exploitation of
vulnerable seniors was the topic of a Senate Special Committee on Aging
hearing this week, which is chaired by Senator Susan Collins.
Click here
or the play button above to watch the speech.
Among the witnesses at this week's hearing was Judith Shaw, Maine's
Administrator of the Office of Securities. Also appearing before the
Aging Committee was Philip Marshall who is the grandson of the late
Brooke Astor, a New York philanthropist whose son, Anthony Marshall,
mistreated her and mismanaged her funds while she suffered from
Alzheimer's disease. Ms. Astor summered in Maine for many years.
The full press release is available here
.
Senator Collins Applauds the Institute of Medicine's Recommendation to
Include Fresh, White Potatoes in the WIC Program
For years, Senator Susan Collins has said that the USDA used antiquated
rules and outdated consumption data to exclude white potatoes from the
WIC program. An Institute of Medicine (IOM) study
released this week recommends that the USDA allow white potatoes to be
eligible for purchase under the Women, Infants and Children food
assistance program.
>From Roll Call
:
"A report released Tuesday recommends that the Department of
Agriculture allow fresh, white potatoes to be eligible for purchase
under the Women, Infants and Children food assistance program. The
white potato had been the only vegetable or fruit excluded from the WIC
roster.
"Sen. Susan Collins, R-Maine, hailed the news as a "major victory." She
has pressed for years to have the potato included on the menu and
argued that USDA has been using antiquated rules based on 20-year-old
consumption data."
Click here
or the
play button above to watch the speech.
>From WABI
:
"Senator Susan Collins is applauding a new report which recommends
fresh, white potatoes should be available in subsidized food programs.
"Collins convinced her colleagues last year to reinstate potatoes in
the WIC program, and the Institute of Health now agrees the potato
provides needed health benefits."
The full press release is available here
.
Senator Collins Hails Passage of Veteran Suicide Prevention Bill
The United States Senate approved the Clay Hunt Suicide Prevention for
American Veterans Act, which aims to reduce tragic instances of service
member and veteran suicides. The final vote was 99-0 and Senator
Collins is a cosponsor of the Senate version of this bill.
Following passage of the bill Senator Collins said, "Far too many men
and women from our military are being lost to suicide. We must do all
that we can to ensure that American veterans have access to immediate
and high-quality mental health services when they are in crisis."
The Clay Hunt Suicide Prevention for American Veterans Act is named
after a Marine veteran who passed away by suicide in 2011. The bill
will require the U.S. Department of Veterans Affairs (VA) to provide
additional resources related to mental health services for veterans and
increase oversight and accountability of suicide prevention programs.
The full press release is available here
.
Senator Collins Hosts First Bipartisan Senate Lunch of the New Congress
Senator Susan Collins hosted the Senate's first bipartisan lunch of the
114th Congress on Tuesday with the hope of building better and more
productive working relationships among all members in the Senate.
"As we work to address the many challenges facing our nation both at
home and abroad, it is important that we work together to identify
areas of common ground from which we can advance our nation," said
Senator Collins. "I'm honored to host this Senate's bipartisan lunch
and am hopeful that this is just the beginning of a very productive
114th Congress."
Senator Collins chose her home-state foods to feature at Wednesday's
lunch including, Maine lobster salad prepared from a special recipe
from the University of Maine, chips made from potatoes grown at LaJoie
Growers in Van Buren, pie baked with Wyman's Maine wild blueberries,
and ice cream from Gifford's Ice Cream - a family-owned business based
in Skowhegan, Maine. In addition, Senator Mark Warner (D-VA) provided
Virginia ham and biscuits to share with the bipartisan group. In
addition, Senator Mark Warner (D-VA) provided Virginia ham and biscuits
to share with the bipartisan group.
Senators Collins and Cardin Reintroduce the Small BREW Act
U.S. Senators Susan Collins (R-ME) and Ben Cardin (D-MD) have
reintroduced The Small Brewer Reinvestment and Expanding Workforce Act
or Small BREW Act, to stimulate regional economies nationwide with a
reduction in the excise tax on each barrel of beer brewed by small
brewers.
Click here
or the play button above to
watch the speech.
An economic impact study by then-Harvard University's Dr. John Friedman
(now at Brown University) found that the bill
would generate $183.1 million in economic activity in the first year
and almost $1.04 billion over five years and would also create nearly
5,230 jobs in just the first year. Maine has 61 craft brewers, with at
least a dozen more in the planning stages.
Meeting with Mainers
Senator Collins always makes time to meet individually with
constituents- either Mainers who are visiting Washington, D.C. or at
home in Maine.
She values hearing from Mainers on a wide range of topics. Here are a
few photos from recent meetings:
Top left: Kara Hay, CEO of Penquis Top Right: Senator Collins meets
with the Maine Substance Abuse Coalition
Bottom:
Elizabeth Schran and President Jim Dlugos, Saint Joseph's
College
OFFICE OF SENATOR SUSAN COLLINS
413 Dirksen Senate Office Building
Washington, D.C. 20510
Phone: (202) 224-2523
Fax: (202) 224-2693
To UNSUBSCRIBE, please click here
DEFAULT TABLE ATTRIBUTES ARE:
DEFAULT TD STYLE IS:
DEFAULT LEFT SIDEBAR IS:
DEFAULT RIGHT COLUMN IS:
Can't
see the images? Make sure your e-mail is set to download pictures in order to see the full content
of this e-newsletter.
February
6, 2015
IN
THIS ISSUE:
Senat e Aging Committee Holds Hearing
to Examine Financial Exploitation of Seniors
Se nator Collins Applauds the Institute
of Medicine's Recommendation to Include Fresh, White Potatoes in the WIC Program
Senator Collins Hails
Passage of Veteran Suicide Prevention Bill
Senator Collins Hosts First Bipartisan Senate Lunch of the New Congress
Senators Collins and Cardin Reintroduce the Small Brew Act
Meeting with Mainers
WEEKLY COLUMN
"Oversight - An Essential Ingredient for Good Government"
By: Senator Susan Collins
As a native of Aroostook County, I know how important the Maine potato industry is to the families
and communities it sustains. As a member of the Senate Agriculture Appropriations Subcommittee, I am
committed to ensuring that federal food policies recognize the value of this affordable and highly nutritious
vegetable.
In recent years, unfortunately, the white potato has been under an unwarranted attack by the U.S.
Department of Agriculture based on flawed science and outdated consumption data. Four years ago, I led
the fight to overturn a misguided USDA rule that would have strictly limited servings of white potatoes
in the National School Lunch Program, and would have banned potatoes altogether from the National School
Breakfast Program. With the help of Maine food scientists, school nutrition experts, and farmers, we
successfully prevented this arbitrary limitation. Building on that victory, I have been working
to end the needless exclusion of fresh white potatoes from the Department of Agriculture&#8217;s Women,
Infants, and Children, or WIC, food program. WIC is an invaluable supplemental food program designed
to meet the special nutritional needs of low-income pregnant women, new mothers, infants, and children
up to five years of age who are at nutritional risk. Inexpensive and packed with vital nutrients, the
white potato is a perfect fit for WIC.
For more of Senator Collins' weekly column, click
here .
Senate
Aging Committee Holds Hearing to Examine Financial Exploitation of Seniors
Financial exploitation of older Americans
is a growing epidemic that cost seniors an estimated $2.9 billion in 2010, according to the Government
Accountability Office (GAO). In Maine alone, there are 14,000 new reports each year of senior abuse.
Financial exploitation of vulnerable seniors was the topic of a Senate Special Committee on Aging hearing
this week, which is chaired by Senator Susan Collins.
Click
here
or the play button above to watch the speech.
Among
the witnesses at this week's hearing was Judith Shaw, Maine&#8217;s Administrator of the Office of Securities.
Also appearing before the Aging Committee was Philip Marshall who is the grandson of the late Brooke
Astor, a New York philanthropist whose son, Anthony Marshall, mistreated her and mismanaged her funds
while she suffered from Alzheimer&#8217;s disease. Ms. Astor summered in Maine for many years.
The full press release is available
here .
Senator Collins Applauds the Institute of Medicine's
Recommendation to Include Fresh, White Potatoes in the WIC Program
For years, Senator Susan Collins has said that the USDA
used antiquated rules and outdated consumption data to exclude white potatoes from the WIC program. An
Institute
of Medicine (IOM) study
released this week recommends that the USDA allow white potatoes to be eligible
for purchase under the Women, Infants and Children food assistance program.
From
Roll
Call :
"A report released Tuesday recommends that the
Department of Agriculture allow fresh, white potatoes to be eligible for purchase under the Women, Infants
and Children food assistance program. The white potato had been the only vegetable or fruit excluded
from the WIC roster.
"Sen. Susan Collins, R-Maine, hailed the news as a &#8220;major
victory.&#8221; She has pressed for years to have the potato included on the menu and argued that USDA
has been using antiquated rules based on 20-year-old consumption data."
Click
here
or the play button above to watch the speech.
From
WABI :
"Senator Susan Collins is applauding a new report which recommends fresh, white potatoes
should be available in subsidized food programs.
"Collins convinced her colleagues last year to reinstate potatoes in the WIC program,
and the Institute of Health now agrees the potato provides needed health benefits."
The full press release is available
here .
Senator
Collins Hails Passage of Veteran Suicide Prevention Bill
The
United States Senate approved the Clay Hunt Suicide Prevention for American Veterans Act, which aims
to reduce tragic instances of service member and veteran suicides. The final vote was 99-0 and Senator
Collins is a cosponsor of the Senate version of this bill.
Following passage of the bill Senator Collins said, &#8220;Far too many men and women from our
military are being lost to suicide. We must do all that we can to ensure that American veterans have
access to immediate and high-quality mental health services when they are in crisis.&#8221;
The Clay Hunt Suicide Prevention for American Veterans Act is named after a Marine veteran who
passed away by suicide in 2011. The bill will require the U.S. Department of Veterans Affairs (VA) to
provide additional resources related to mental health services for veterans and increase oversight and
accountability of suicide prevention programs.
The
full press release is available
here .
Senator
Collins Hosts First Bipartisan Senate Lunch of the New Congress
Senator
Susan Collins hosted the Senate&#8217;s first bipartisan lunch of the 114th Congress on Tuesday
with the hope of building better and more productive working relationships among all members in the Senate.
&#8220;As we work to address the many challenges facing our nation both at home and abroad, it
is important that we work together to identify areas of common ground from which we can advance our nation,&#8221;
said Senator Collins. &#8220;I&#8217;m honored to host this Senate&#8217;s bipartisan lunch and am hopeful
that this is just the beginning of a very productive 114th Congress.&#8221;
Senator Collins chose her home-state foods to feature at Wednesday&#8217;s lunch including, Maine
lobster salad prepared from a special recipe from the University of Maine, chips made from potatoes grown
at LaJoie Growers in Van Buren, pie baked with Wyman&#8217;s Maine wild blueberries, and ice cream from
Gifford&#8217;s Ice Cream &#8211; a family-owned business based in Skowhegan, Maine. In addition, Senator
Mark Warner (D-VA) provided Virginia ham and biscuits to share with the bipartisan group. In addition,
Senator Mark Warner (D-VA) provided Virginia ham and biscuits to share with the bipartisan group.
Senators
Collins and Cardin Reintroduce the Small BREW Act
U.S.
Senators Susan Collins (R-ME) and Ben Cardin (D-MD) have reintroduced The Small Brewer Reinvestment and
Expanding Workforce Act or Small BREW Act, to stimulate regional economies nationwide with a reduction
in the excise tax on each barrel of beer brewed by small brewers.
Click
here
or the play button above to watch the speech.
An
economic impact study by then-Harvard University&#8217;s Dr. John Friedman
(now at Brown University)
found that the bill would generate $183.1 million in economic activity in the first year and almost $1.04
billion over five years and would also create nearly 5,230 jobs in just the first year. Maine has 61
craft brewers, with at least a dozen more in the planning stages.
Meeting
with Mainers
Senator Collins always makes time to meet individ ually
with constituents&#8212; either Mainers who are visiting Washington, D.C. or at home in Maine.
She values hearing from Mainers on a wide range of topics. Here are
a few photos from recent meetings:
Top left: Kara Hay, CEO of Penquis Top
Right: Senator Collins meets with the Maine Substance Abuse Coalition Bottom:
Elizabeth
Schran and President Jim Dlugos, Saint Joseph's College
OFFICE OF SENATOR SUSAN COLLINS
413 Dirksen Senate Office Building Washington,
D.C. 20510 Phone: (202) 224-2523 Fax: (202) 224-2693
To UNSUBSCRIBE,
please
click here
