
HONK
please get out of my lane, Mr. President
***SPECIAL EDITION***
Dear Friend,
Last week, an important legislative drama unfolded in Washington, and the outcome was not as I would have desired.
Specifically, Congress considered the funding of the Department of Homeland Security and also attempted to address the unlawful immigration executive order issued by President Obama that would effectively grant amnesty to more than 5 million illegal immigrants.
Though immigration reform is an important topic, the legislative battle that unfolded this past week was about far more than that.
It was about the balance of power among the three branches of the federal government, and specifically between the Legislative and Executive branches.
If you imagine each branch of government as a car on the highway, the President has not simply drifted into Congresss lane, where he can be nudged back with a polite honk.
Here, the President, in a deliberate and conscience effort, has crossed the lane markers and is driving on the wrong side of the road!
Before he issued his order last November, the President had said on 22 occasions that he did not have the authority to change immigration policy by executive order.
Yet he has done so regardless, and this unconstitutional executive order has created a constitutional crisis and degraded the rule of law in our nation.
In all of this, the President has damaged the proper balance of power between the Legislative and Executive branches of government.
He cannot continue to sidestep the Constitution, which makes clear in Article 1, Section 8 that Congress maintains the authority to make all Laws which shall be necessary and proper for carrying into Execution the foregoing Powers, including the power to establish a uniform Rule of Naturalization, while Article 2, Section 3 states that the President shall take Care that the Laws be faithfully executed.
In an attempt to undue the Presidents orders, the House of Representative agreed to fund the Department of Homeland Security (the agency responsible for enforcing our immigration laws) so long as the Presidents immigration orders were not enacted.
In following what is called regular order, or the proper way Congress should do business, the House extended a good-faith offer to the Senate to meet and work out our differences, a process referred to as going to conference. The Senate
and specifically Senate Minority Leader Harry Reid
rejected this and forced the House to consider a bill that did nothing to dismantle the Presidents immigration order.
I voted against that bill because I felt the fight was not over.
Thankfully, the states are standing up to the President.
A coalition of 26 states sued the President in order to stop his newest immigration executive order.
A federal judge has already issued a preliminary injunction stopping it (though the Administration is appealing this ruling).
This is encouraging, and I will continue to fight against the Presidents executive overreach.
Mindful that I work for you, I remain,
Yours in Freedom,
Scott Rigell
Helpful Resources
Watch live floor proceedings in the House of Representatives (when in session)
See whats happening in the U.S. Senate
2015 House Legislative Calendar (114th Congress, First Session)
WEBSITE
|
UNSUBSCRIBE
|
CONTACT
Click Here Click Here