
March 22, 2015
WEBSITE
|
FORWARD TO A FRIEND
| SHARE ON:
Kline's Corner: Keeping Faith with Our Veterans
In This Week's Kline's Corner
Ensuring Health Care Choices for Our Veterans
Supporting Students with Special Needs
Pressing for Answers on Embassy Evacuation in Yemen
Keeping Faith with Our Veterans
Dear Friends,
Our veterans and their families have sacrificed a great deal to secure the freedoms we all enjoy today, and the promise made to them to have the freedom to make their health care choices that are best for them and their families must be kept. Unfortunately, due to a policy change made by the Department of Defense, more than 170,000 veterans across the country who live outside 100 miles of a military treatment facility lost access to TRICARE Prime in 2013. To ensure our veterans receive what they were promised, I introduced legislation that would provide nearly 4,000 veterans in Minnesota and many more around the country the choices they deserve. Read more by
visiting my website .
Supporting Students with Special Needs
As you may know, Congress in 1975 pledged to provide critical federal investments to aid states and school districts in meeting their obligations to students with special needs. The Individuals with Disabilities Education Act (IDEA) authorized federal funding up to 40 percent of the additional cost of educating students with disabilities. Yet, Republicans and Democrats alike have repeatedly failed to keep that promise. By not meeting our obligations, school districts in Minnesota and across the country have to reprioritize their budgets, impacting the education of all our students. To right this wrong,
I sent a letter
to House Committee on the Budget Chairman Tom Price and Ranking Member Chris Van Hollen requesting Congress increase funding and move toward honoring its commitment made decades ago to students with disabilities. You can read more about this issue
here .
Pressing for Answers on Embassy Evacuation in Yemen
During a House Armed Services Committee Hearing last week
I asked General Joseph Dunford , Commandant of the Marine Corps, for an explanation why senior Administration officials ordered U.S. Marines protecting the U.S. Ambassador to Yemen and other embassy personnel to destroy their weapons and equipment prior to boarding a commercial aircraft during their evacuation. As a 25-year veteran of the Marine Corps, I believe this action was intolerable and I encouraged our military leaders to see that this does not happen again. You can view my questioning
here .
Have a great week!
John Kline
Member of Congress
TOP NEWS
Kline Bill to Block NLRB Ambush Election Rule Passes House
Minnesota Congressman John Kline, Chairman of the House Education and the Workforce Committee, issued the following statement today after the U.S. House of Representatives passed S.J. Res. 8, a resolution that will block an ambush election rule finalized by the National Labor Relations Board (NLRB): Today, Congress voted to stop an unelected board of bureaucrats from trampling on the rights of Americas workers and job creators, said Kline
Read more .
UPDATE SUBSCRIPTION OPTIONS
|
PRIVACY POLICY
|
CONTACT US
Click Here Click Here