
February 27, 2015
IN THIS ISSUE:
Senator Collins Leads Fight Against Human Trafficking
Senator Collins Celebrates Maine WWII Veterans in Congressional Gold
Medal Ceremony
Preserving Maine's Environment
Senator Collins and Bipartisan Group of Senators Urge Improvements to
Veterans Choice Program
FEMA Agrees to Reassess Policy that Could Help Washington County Secure
Federal Assistance
Commerce Secretary Questioned by Senator Collins Regarding Unfair
Subsidies Received by Nova Scotia Paper Mill
Senator Collins Meets with the Secretary of the Navy
Meeting with Mainers
WEEKLY COLUMN
Improving Access to Health Care for Rural Veterans
By: Senator Susan Collins
Increased access to health care for our veterans, especially those in
rural areas, must be among our nation's priorities. The men and women
who have served America deserve no less, regardless of where in America
they live.
We have made significant progress, and Maine has led the way.
Twenty-eight years ago, Caribou was the proving ground upon which the
Department of Veterans Affairs has built a nationwide system of
Community-Based Outpatient Clinics to provide primary care close to
home. More recently, Northern Maine was selected by the VA as one of
five pilot sites for the Access Received Closer to Home, or ARCH,
program. The program allows veterans to seek VA-covered services
through providers outside of the VA network if they have to wait more
than two weeks for an appointment or if travel to a VA center would be
too long, burdensome, or detrimental to their health.
Congress took another important step forward last year by passing
legislation to create the Veterans Choice program. Established in
response to the nationwide crisis of veterans' access to care and
building on the success of ARCH, this program allows veterans who live
more than 40 miles from the closest VA facility, or who face a
significant delay in scheduling an appointment, to access non-VA care.
Unfortunately, the VA has yet to implement Veterans Choice as it was
envisioned by Congress. Since November 1, 2014, the Choice Card, which
enables veterans to obtain care outside of a VA facility if the
distance and time criteria are met, has been distributed to
approximately 8.5 million veterans nationwide, yet far less than one
percent of card recipients - 0.37 percent - have been authorized to
access non-VA care through this program. This extremely low approval
rate is occurring because the VA is interpreting the 40-mile rule so
narrowly that it is excluding many veterans who are far away from the
care that they need.
To read the rest of Senator Collins' weekly column click here
.
Senator Collins Leads Fight Against Human Trafficking
Senator Susan Collins testified before the Senate Judiciary Committee
this week during a hearing regarding human trafficking in the United
States.
In her testimony Senator Collins said, "No state is immune from the
evils of sex trafficking. Traffickers lure vulnerable victims with the
promises of a better life and use violence, threats, lies, money,
drugs, and other forms or coercion to trap them in a life of commercial
sex.Congress must do more to provide law enforcement with the tools it
needs to pursue sex trafficking and to support those preventive
programs that help vulnerable women and men who fall victim to
trafficking."
Click here
or click the play button above
to watch the video
To read the full press release click here
.
Senator Collins Celebrates WWII Veterans in Congressional Gold Medal
Ceremony
>From the LEWISTON SUN JOURNAL
:
Early Civil Air Patrol pilots honored in Auburn
"With enemy U-boats menacing ships in the Atlantic just off the
American coast, volunteer pilots took to the air, often in their own
small planes, on heroic World War II missions.
"Four of those early Civil Air Patrol pilots from Maine were honored
with Congressional Gold Medals in ceremonies at the Auburn-Lewiston
Municipal Airport on Saturday.
"Col. Donald Hancock, a resident of Norway, was present at the event to
receive his medal from U.S. Sen. Susan Collins, who said their feats of
courage and dedication 'had a lasting impact on the history of freedom
and in strengthening a culture of service.'"
Col. Donald Hancock, his wife, Barbara, and Senator Collins. (Photo
Courtesy of the Lewiston Sun Journal)
The rest of the article is available here
.
Click here
or click the play button below to watch
WGME's coverage of the Congressional Gold Medal Ceremony.
Preserving Maine's Environment
>From the Lewiston Sun Journal
:
Sen. Collins touts working forest protection in Franklin County
"Maine's natural resources heritage is 'private ownership but public
access,' U.S. Sen. Susan Collins said Saturday in celebrating the
permanent protection of more than 5,700 acres of working forest and
multiuse trails in Madrid Township.
"Collins spoke to a large gathering at the Phillips Area Community
Center about the Orbeton Stream Project.
"'Maine's natural resources are an important part of our heritage and
have helped to shape the economic, environmental and recreational
character of our state,' she said.
'These nearly 6,000 acres of woods and waters will provide for public
recreation, forestry, and wildlife habitat for generations to come,'
she said. 'In safeguarding our natural heritage (we recognize) that
it's not about the environment versus the economy. The environment is
the economy. The two are inextricably linked. When we work together and
talk together, we solve problems together. You should be very proud of
what you've accomplished.'"
The rest of the article is available here
.
Senator Collins and Bipartisan Group of Senators Urge Improvements to
Veterans Choice Program
In a letter to Secretary of Veterans Affairs Robert McDonald
, U.S. Senators Susan
Collins (R-ME), Jerry Moran (R-KS), and John McCain (R-AZ) were joined
by 39 of their colleagues in raising serious concerns about the
implementation of the Veterans Choice Card program.
The program was established by Congress last year in response to the
nationwide crisis of veterans' access to care but has yet to be
implemented as Congress envisioned. The program allows veterans who
live more than 40 miles from the closest VA facility, or who face a
significant delay in scheduling an appointment, to access non-VA care.
"The VA is construing the eligibility criteria as it relates to the
40-mile rule so narrowly that it is excluding too many who are far away
from the care that they need," wrote the Senators. In addition, the
Administration has said that it plans to propose reallocating funds for
the Veterans Choice Program to other VA accounts.
To read the full press release click here
.
Senator Collins Meets with the Secretary of the Navy
Senator Collins and Secretary Ray Mabus discussed many issues of
importance to both the Navy and the State of Maine including the
dedication of Bath Iron Works (BIW) employees, the vital contributions
of BIW, construction projects to improve the mission performed at
Portsmouth Naval Shipyard, and the importance of ensuring that all
uniform items are Made-in-the-USA.
Commerce Secretary Questioned by Senator Collins Regarding Unfair
Subsidies Received by Nova Scotia Paper Mill
In a Senate Appropriations Subcommittee hearing this week, Senator
Collins questioned Commerce Secretary Penny Pritzker regarding the
ongoing, unfair subsidies received by the Port Hawkesbury paper mill in
Canada. Earlier this month, Madison Paper Industries, a Maine company,
temporarily laid of employees for two weeks citing, in part,
competition from subsidized supercalendered paper.
In response to Senator Collins' questions, Secretary Pritzker
reaffirmed her commitment to enforcing international trade obligations
and committed to keeping the Maine delegation updated about their
investigations into the matter.
Click here
or click the play button above
to watch the video
To read the rest of the press release click here
.
Meeting with Mainers
Senator Collins always makes time to meet individually with
constituents- either Mainers who are visiting Washington, D.C. or while
she is at home in Maine.
She values hearing from Mainers on a wide range of topics. Here are a
few photos from recent meetings:
Top Left: Jennifer Deprizio, Christi Razzi
Top Right: University of Maine Farmington College Republicans
Bottom Left: Eliza Adams, Samantha Cowens, Heidi Kessler, Melanie
Lagasse, Jeanne Reilly
Bottom Right: Rosemary Kulow, Bill Whitten, Peter Baldacci, Peter
Chrichton
OFFICE OF SENATOR SUSAN COLLINS
413 Dirksen Senate Office Building
Washington, D.C. 20510
Phone: (202) 224-2523
Fax: (202) 224-2693
To UNSUBSCRIBE, please click here
DEFAULT TABLE ATTRIBUTES ARE:
DEFAULT TD STYLE IS:
DEFAULT LEFT SIDEBAR IS:
DEFAULT RIGHT COLUMN IS:
Can't
see the images? Make sure your e-mail is set to download pictures in order to see the full content
of this e-newsletter.
February
27, 2015
IN
THIS ISSUE:
Senator Collins Leads Fight Against Human Trafficking
Senator
Collins Celebrates Maine
WWII Veterans in Congressional Gold Medal Ceremony
Preserving
Maine's Environment
Senator Collins and Bi partisan Group
of Senators Urge Improvements to Veterans Choice Program
FEMA
Agrees to Reassess Policy that Could Help Washington County Secure Federal Assistance
Commerce
Secretary Questioned by Senator Collins Regarding Unfair Subsidies Received by Nova Scotia Paper Mill
Senator
Collins Meets with the Secretary of the Navy
Meeting
with Mainers
WEEKLY COLUMN
Improving Access to Health Care for Rural Veterans
By: Senator Susan Collins
Increased access to health care for our veterans, especially
those in rural areas, must be among our nation&#8217;s priorities. The men and women who have served
America deserve no less, regardless of where in America they live.
We have made significant progress, and Maine has led the
way. Twenty-eight years ago, Caribou was the proving ground upon which the Department of Veterans Affairs
has built a nationwide system of Community-Based Outpatient Clinics to provide primary care close to
home. More recently, Northern Maine was selected by the VA as one of five pilot sites for the Access
Received Closer to Home, or ARCH, program. The program allows veterans to seek VA-covered services through
providers outside of the VA network if they have to wait more than two weeks for an appointment or if
travel to a VA center would be too long, burdensome, or detrimental to their health.
Congress took another important step forward last year by
passing legislation to create the Veterans Choice program. Established in response to the nationwide
crisis of veterans&#8217; access to care and building on the success of ARCH, this program allows veterans
who live more than 40 miles from the closest VA facility, or who face a significant delay in scheduling
an appointment, to access non-VA care.
Unfortunately, the VA has yet to implement Veterans Choice
as it was envisioned by Congress. Since November 1, 2014, the Choice Card, which enables veterans to
obtain care outside of a VA facility if the distance and time criteria are met, has been distributed
to approximately 8.5 million veterans nationwide, yet far less than one percent of card recipients &#8211;
0.37 percent &#8211; have been authorized to access non-VA care through this program. This extremely
low approval rate is occurring because the VA is interpreting the 40-mile rule so narrowly that it is
excluding many veterans who are far away from the care that they need.
To read the rest of Senator Collins' weekly column click
here .
Senator
Collins Leads Fight Against Human Trafficking
Senator Susan Collins testified before the Senate Judiciary Committee this week during a hearing
regarding human trafficking in the United States.
In her testimony Senator Collins said, &#8220;No state is immune from the evils of sex trafficking.
Traffickers lure vulnerable victims with the promises of a better life and use violence, threats, lies,
money, drugs, and other forms or coercion to trap them in a life of commercial sex&#8230;Congress must
do more to provide law enforcement with the tools it needs to pursue sex trafficking and to support those
preventive programs that help vulnerable women and men who fall victim to trafficking.&#8221;
C lick
here
or click the play button above to watch the video
To read the full press release click
here .
Senator Collins Celebrates WWII
Veterans in Congressional Gold Medal Ceremony
From
the
LEWISTON
SUN JOURNAL : Early
Civil Air Patrol pilots honored in Auburn
"With enemy U-boats menacing ships in the Atlantic just off the American coast, volunteer
pilots took to the air, often in their own small planes, on heroic World War II missions.
"Four of those early Civil Air Patrol pilots from Maine were honored with Congressional
Gold Medals in ceremonies at the Auburn-Lewiston Municipal Airport on Saturday.
"Col. Donald Hancock, a resident of Norway, was present at the event to receive his medal from
U.S. Sen. Susan Collins, who said their feats of courage and dedication 'had a lasting impact on the
history of freedom and in strengthening a culture of service.'"
Col.
Donald Hancock, his wife, Barbara, and Senator Collins. (Photo Courtesy of the Lewiston Sun Journal)
The
rest of the article is available
here .
Click
here
or click the play button below to watch WGME's coverage of the Congressional Gold Medal Ceremony.
Preserving
Maine's Environment
From
the
Lewiston
Sun Journal : Sen. Collins touts
working forest protection in Franklin County
"Maine's
natural resources heritage is 'private ownership but public access,' U.S. Sen. Susan Collins said Saturday
in celebrating the permanent protection of more than 5,700 acres of working forest and multiuse trails
in Madrid Township.
"Collins spoke to
a large gathering at the Phillips Area Community Center about the Orbeton Stream Project.
"'Maine's natural resources are an important part of our heritage and have helped to shape the
economic, environmental and recreational character of our state,' she said. 'These
nearly 6,000 acres of woods and waters will provide for public recreation, forestry, and wildlife habitat
for generations to come,' she said. 'In safeguarding our natural heritage (we recognize) that it's not
about the environment versus the economy. The environment is the economy. The two are inextricably linked.
When we work together and talk together, we solve problems together. You should be very proud of what
you've accomplished.'"
The rest of the article
is available
here .
Senator
Collins and Bipartisan Group of Senators Urge Improvements to Veterans Choice Program
In
a
letter to Secretary of Veterans Affairs Robert McDonald , U.S. Senators Susan Collins (R-ME), Jerry
Moran (R-KS), and John McCain (R-AZ) were joined by 39 of their colleagues in raising serious concerns
about the implementation of the Veterans Choice Card program.
The program was established by Congress last year in response to the nationwide crisis of veterans&#8217;
access to care but has yet to be implemented as Congress envisioned. The program allows veterans who
live more than 40 miles from the closest VA facility, or who face a significant delay in scheduling an
appointment, to access non-VA care.
&#8220;The VA is construing the eligibility criteria as it relates to the 40-mile rule so narrowly
that it is excluding too many who are far away from the care that they need,&#8221; wrote the Senators.
In addition, the Administration has said that it plans to propose reallocating funds for the Veterans
Choice Program to other VA accounts.
To
read the full press release click
here .
Senator
Collins Meets with the Secretary of the Navy
Senator
Collins and Secretary Ray Mabus discussed many issues of importance to both the Navy and the State of
Maine including the dedication of Bath Iron Works (BIW) employees, the vital contributions of BIW, construction
projects to improve the mission performed at Portsmouth Naval Shipyard, and the importance of ensuring
that all uniform items are Made-in-the-USA.
Commerce
Secretary Questioned by Senator Collins Regarding Unfair Subsidies Received by Nova Scotia Paper Mill
In
a Senate Appropriations Subcommittee hearing this week, Senator Collins questioned Commerce Secretary
Penny Pritzker regarding the ongoing, unfair subsidies received by the Port Hawkesbury paper mill in
Canada. Earlier this month, Madison Paper Industries, a Maine company, temporarily laid of employees
for two weeks citing, in part, competition from subsidized supercalendered paper.
In
response to Senator Collins&#8217; questions, Secretary Pritzker reaffirmed her commitment to enforcing
international trade obligations and committed to keeping the Maine delegation updated about their investigations
into the matter.
Click
here
or click the play button above to watch the video
To
read the rest of the press release
click
here .
Meeting
with Mainers
Senator Collins always makes time to meet individually with constituents&#8212; either Mainers who
are visiting Washington, D.C. or while she is at home in Maine.
She values hearing from Mainers on a wide range of topics. Here are a few photos from recent meetings:
Top
Left: Jennifer Deprizio, Christi Razzi
Top Right: University of Maine Farmington College Republicans
Bottom Left: Eliza Adams, Samantha Cowens, Heidi Kessler, Melanie
Lagasse, Jeanne Reilly
Bottom Right: Rosemary Kulow, Bill Whitten, Peter Baldacci, Peter
Chrichton
OFFICE OF SENATOR SUSAN COLLINS
413 Dirksen Senate Office Building Washington,
D.C. 20510 Phone: (202) 224-2523 Fax: (202) 224-2693
To UNSUBSCRIBE,
please
click here
