
March 6, 2015
IN THIS ISSUE:
Senator Collins Advocates for Retiree Security
Senator Collins' Resolution Recognizes"Read Across America Day"
POLITICO: "Who Will be the Next Dean of the Senate Women?"
Senator Collins Honors U.S. Navy Reserve Centennial
Senator Collins Questions Top Navy Officials About Destroyer Programs
Senator Collins Welcomes Harpswell Native As Spring Intern
Senator Collins Meets with German Chancellor Angela Merkel
Meeting with Mainers
WEEKLY COLUMN
Protecting Our Youth, Ending Human Trafficking
By: Senator Susan Collins
This past New Year's Eve, a man and woman were arrested in Bangor for
allegedly forcing a 13-year-old Maine girl into prostitution. This
child, who was listed as a missing person, was being sold for sex
through ads on the Internet. A Bangor police officer, posing as a
"john," arranged online to meet the girl at a motel, where she was
freed from a life of slavery and returned to her home.
This horrifying story is but the tip of an iceberg. These human
traffickers prey upon the most vulnerable, often homeless runaways.
They lure their victims into lives of commercial sex with promises of
money and sometimes drugs, and keep them captive with lies, threats,
and violence. Many criminals who once dealt drugs now participate in
sex trafficking because it is more profitable and less risky.
Every year, tens of thousands of American children and teenagers fall
victim to sex traffickers in addition to the countless other young
people smuggled into our country from overseas for this despicable
purpose.
To read the rest of Senator Collins' weekly column click here
.
Senator Collins Advocates for Retiree Security
>From USA TODAY
:
"Sen. Susan Collins, R-Maine, assumed the chair of the Senate Special
Committee on Aging in January. She has been ranking minority member
under former chair Bill Nelson, D-Fla. Rodney Brooks, USA TODAY's
retirement columnist and personal finance editor, asked her about her
first hearing in January on the financial exploitation of seniors, the
retirement crisis and her priorities for the coming year.
"USA TODAY: When you assumed the chair of the Senate Special Committee
on Aging, you said you would focus on three areas. How does the hearing
on financial exploitation of seniors fit in with the goals of the
committee?
"Senator Collins: I have three major priorities for the Committee's
work in the 114th Congress: improving retirement security, investments
in biomedical research targeting diseases that disproportionately
affect older Americans like Alzheimer's and Diabetes, and protecting
seniors against financial exploitation and scams, which has a direct
effect on retirement security.
"The Aging Committee will continue its aggressive approach to fighting
fraud and schemes targeted to our nation's seniors. In keeping with
this objective, the Committee's first hearing of the new Congress was
titled 'Broken Trust: The Financial Exploitation of Seniors.'"
To read the rest of this story click here
.
Senator Collins' Resolution Recognizes "Read Across America Day"
U.S. Senator Susan Collins renewed her commitment to encouraging
reading habits among young Americans by introducing a bipartisan
resolution, along with Senator Jack Reed (D-RI), designating, March 2,
2015, as "Read Across America Day." The resolution was unanimously
passed by the Senate.
"'Read Across America' is an opportunity for all Americans, young and
old, to focus not only on the importance of literacy but the enjoyment
it brings," said Senator Collins. "My own involvement with reading
initiatives with Maine students has shown me the tremendous impact role
models can have on creating lifelong reading habits. I applaud
schoolteachers, librarians, and most of all, parents, for their
commitment to teaching America's children the joys of reading."
For the full press release click here
.
POLITICO: "Who Will be the Next Dean of the Senate Women?"
Following the announcement of Senator Barbara Mikulski's retirement,
Politico Magazine took a look at who might replace Mikulski in her
important role as dean of the Senate women.
In this unofficial role, Mikulski "has been a champion for the small
group of women senators.who have served in an institution conceived and
constructed for men..She has helped promote the notion (and perhaps
even the reality) that the women of the Senate are more cooperative and
bipartisan-and thereby more effective-than the men."
Politico Magazine
noted the following about Senator Susan
Collins:
"In the end perhaps the strongest contender of all is Collins of Maine,
among the last of a breed of bipartisan-minded Republicans, who has the
seniority and the credibility and the long-standing friendships.
Collins has a vivid memory of institutional culture back when men like
Strom Thurmond and Bob Packwood stalked the halls of what was truly a
men's club. She, too, has survived and thrived. During the 2013
government shutdown, it was Collins who called upon her colleagues to
come out of their partisan corners to end the fiscal crisis and get the
government funded and running. She's measured but frank: It is her view
that women who enter the Senate still have to work harder to prove
themselves before they are accepted. If she wanted the post, she
probably could get it, and it would be good for the cause of
bipartisanship to have the next dean be a Republican."
For the full article click here
.
Senator Collins Honors U.S. Navy Reserve Centennial
U.S. Senator Susan Collins introduced a bipartisan resolution to honor
the U.S. Navy Reserve on its 100th anniversary, March 3, 2015. The
resolution was unanimously passed by the Senate.
"I'm proud to recognize 100 years of distinguished service from the
members of the Navy Reserve, a legacy born in part in the great state
of Maine," said Senator Collins. "Throughout the many challenges that
have faced our nation, the men and women of this team have truly lived
up to their motto: 'Ready Now, Anytime, Anywhere.'"
For the full press release click here
.
Senator Collins Questions Top Navy Officials About Destroyer Programs
Senator Collins questioned top Navy officials during a Defense
Appropriations Subcommittee hearing this week. The panel included the
Secretary of the Navy Ray Mabus, Chief Naval Operations Admiral
Jonathan Greenert, and U.S. Marine Corps Commandant General Joseph
Dunford, Jr.
Click here
or
click the play button above to watch the video
"I look forward to working with members of the Defense Appropriations
Subcommittee to maintain the longstanding commitment to the Navy and
our shipbuilding industry in Maine," said Senator Collins. "The
dedicated men and women of Bath Iron Works deliver the highest quality
ships for our nation's sailors making them an invaluable asset to the
Navy."
For the full press release click here
.
Senator Collins Welcomes Harpswell Native As Spring Intern
Seth Adams, a Harpswell native, has been awarded a spring internship
in the Portland office. Seth is a 2012 graduate of Mt. Ararat High
School and the son of Laurie Cincotta and Seth Adams Sr.
"Seth is a terrific student and a hard worker, and I welcome him to my
Portland office," said Senator Collins. "I am always delighted to give
students an opportunity to become actively involved in the legislative
process and to serve the citizens of Maine."
Intern Seth Adams, PFC., U.S. Army
Seth is a second semester sophomore at the University of Southern
Maine. He is currently studying Political Science. Seth is a member of
the Maine Army National Guard and has recently come home from a
deployment to Afghanistan with the 133rd Engineer Battalion.
Senator Collins Meets with German Chancellor Angela Merkel
Last month, Senator Collins joined a small group of guests hosted by
Chancellor Angela Merkel to discuss the empowerment of women, a main
theme of Germany's G7 Presidency.
Meeting with Mainers
Senator Collins always makes time to meet individually with
constituents- either Mainers who are visiting Washington, D.C. or at
home in Maine.
She values hearing from Mainers on a wide range of topics. Here are a
few photos from recent meetings:
Top: Senator Collins with Middle and High School students from Houlton,
Maine
Bottom Right: Maine Blueberry Commission: Bill Malay and Nancy McBrady
Bottom Left: Senator Collins speaks to Medical students from the
University of New England
OFFICE OF SENATOR SUSAN COLLINS
413 Dirksen Senate Office Building
Washington, D.C. 20510
Phone: (202) 224-2523
Fax: (202) 224-2693
To UNSUBSCRIBE, please click here
DEFAULT TABLE ATTRIBUTES ARE:
DEFAULT TD STYLE IS:
DEFAULT LEFT SIDEBAR IS:
DEFAULT RIGHT COLUMN IS:
Can't
see the images? Make sure your e-mail is set to download pictures in order to see the full content
of this e-newsletter.
March
6, 2015
IN
THIS ISSUE:
Senator Collins Advocates
for Retiree Security
Senator Collins' Resolution
Recognizes"Read Across America Day"
POLITICO: "Who Will
be the Next Dean of the Senate Women?"
Senator Collins Honors
U.S. Navy Reserve Centennial
Senator Collins Questions
Top Navy Officials About Destroyer Programs
Senator Collins Welcomes Harpswell Native As Spring Intern
Senator Collins Meets
with German Chancellor Angela Merkel
Meeting with Mainers
WEEKLY COLUMN
Protecting Our Youth, Ending Human Trafficking
By: Senator Susan Collins
This past New Year&#8217;s
Eve, a man and woman were arrested in Bangor for allegedly forcing a 13-year-old Maine girl into prostitution.
This child, who was listed as a missing person, was being sold for sex through ads on the Internet. A
Bangor police officer, posing as a &#8220;john,&#8221; arranged online to meet the girl at a motel, where
she was freed from a life of slavery and returned to her home.
This horrifying story
is but the tip of an iceberg. These human traffickers prey upon the most vulnerable, often homeless runaways.
They lure their victims into lives of commercial sex with promises of money and sometimes drugs, and
keep them captive with lies, threats, and violence. Many criminals who once dealt drugs now participate
in sex trafficking because it is more profitable and less risky.
Every year, tens of thousands
of American children and teenagers fall victim to sex traffickers in addition to the countless other
young people smuggled into our country from overseas for this despicable purpose.
To read the rest of Senator
Collins' weekly column click
here .
Senator
Collins Advocates for Retiree Security
From
USA
TODAY :
"Sen. Susan Collins, R-Maine, assumed the chair of the Senate Special Committee on Aging in January. She
has been ranking minority member under former chair Bill Nelson, D-Fla. Rodney Brooks, USA TODAY's retirement
columnist and personal finance editor, asked her about her first hearing in January on the financial
exploitation of seniors, the retirement crisis and her priorities for the coming year.
" USA TODAY:
When you assumed the chair of the Senate Special Committee
on Aging, you said you would focus on three areas. How does the hearing on financial exploitation
of seniors fit in with the goals of the committee?
" Senator Collins:
I have three major priorities for the Committee's work in
the 114th Congress: improving retirement security, investments in biomedical research targeting diseases
that disproportionately affect older Americans like Alzheimer's and Diabetes, and protecting seniors
against financial exploitation and scams, which has a direct effect on retirement security.
"The Aging Committee will continue its aggressive approach to fighting fraud and schemes targeted
to our nation's seniors. In keeping with this objective, the Committee's first hearing of the new Congress
was titled 'Broken Trust: The Financial Exploitation of Seniors.'"
To read the rest of this story click
here .
Senator Collins' Resolution Recognizes "Read
Across America Day"
U.S. Senator Susan Collins renewed her commitment to encouraging reading habits among
young Americans by introducing a bipartisan resolution, along with Senator Jack Reed (D-RI), designating,
March 2, 2015, as &#8220;Read Across America Day.&#8221; The resolution was unanimously passed by the
Senate.
&#8220;&#8216;Read Across America&#8217; is an opportunity for all Americans, young and old, to
focus not only on the importance of literacy but the enjoyment it brings,&#8221; said Senator Collins.
&#8220;My own involvement with reading initiatives with Maine students has shown me the tremendous impact
role models can have on creating lifelong reading habits. I applaud schoolteachers, librarians, and most
of all, parents, for their commitment to teaching America&#8217;s children the joys of reading.&#8221;
For the full press release click
here .
POLITICO: "Who Will be the Next Dean of the
Senate Women?"
Following the
announcement of Senator Barbara Mikulski&#8217;s retirement,
Politico Magazine
took a look at
who might replace Mikulski in her important role as dean of the Senate women.
In this unofficial role, Mikulski &#8220;has been a champion for the small group of women senators&#8230;who
have served in an institution conceived and constructed for men&#8230;.She has helped promote the notion
(and perhaps even the reality) that the women of the Senate are more cooperative and bipartisan&#8212;and
thereby more effective&#8212;than the men.&#8221;
Politico
Magazine
noted the following about Senator Susan Collins:
"In
the end perhaps the strongest contender of all is Collins of Maine, among the last of a breed of bipartisan-minded
Republicans, who has the seniority and the credibility and the long-standing friendships. Collins has
a vivid memory of institutional culture back when men like Strom Thurmond and Bob Packwood stalked the
halls of what was truly a men&#8217;s club. She, too, has survived and thrived. During the 2013 government
shutdown, it was Collins who called upon her colleagues to come out of their partisan corners to end
the fiscal crisis and get the government funded and running. She&#8217;s measured but frank: It is her
view that women who enter the Senate still have to work harder to prove themselves before they are accepted.
If she wanted the post, she probably could get it, and it would be good for the cause of bipartisanship
to have the next dean be a Republican.&#8221;
For
the full article click
here .
Senator
Collins Honors U.S. Navy Reserve Centennial
U.S.
Senator Susan Collins introduced a bipartisan resolution to honor the U.S. Navy Reserve on its 100th
anniversary, March 3, 2015. The resolution was unanimously passed by the Senate.
&#8220;I&#8217;m proud to recognize 100 years of distinguished service from the members of the
Navy Reserve, a legacy born in part in the great state of Maine,&#8221; said Senator Collins. &#8220;Throughout
the many challenges that have faced our nation, the men and women of this team have truly lived up to
their motto: &#8216;Ready Now, Anytime, Anywhere.&#8217;"
For
the full press release click
here .
Senator
Collins Questions Top Navy Officials About Destroyer Programs
Senator
Collins questioned top Navy officials during a Defense Appropriations Subcommittee hearing this week.
The panel included the Secretary of the Navy Ray Mabus, Chief Naval Operations Admiral Jonathan Greenert,
and U.S. Marine Corps Commandant General Joseph Dunford, Jr.
Click
here
or click the play button above to watch the video
&#8220;I look forward to working with members of the Defense Appropriations Subcommittee to maintain
the longstanding commitment to the Navy and our shipbuilding industry in Maine,&#8221; said Senator Collins.
&#8220;The dedicated men and women of Bath Iron Works deliver the highest quality ships for our nation&#8217;s
sailors making them an invaluable asset to the Navy.&#8221;
For
the full press release click
here .
Senator
Collins Welcomes Harpswell Native As Spring Intern
Seth
Adams, a Harpswell native, has been awarded a spring internship in the Portland office. Seth is a 2012
graduate of Mt. Ararat High School and the son of Laurie Cincotta and Seth Adams Sr.
&#8220;Seth is a terrific student and a hard worker, and I welcome him to my Portland office,&#8221;
said Senator Collins. &#8220;I am always delighted to give students an opportunity to become actively
involved in the legislative process and to serve the citizens of Maine.&#8221;
Intern
Seth Adams, PFC., U.S. Army
Seth is a second semester sophomore at the University of Southern Maine. He is currently studying
Political Science. Seth is a member of the Maine Army National Guard and has recently come home from
a deployment to Afghanistan with the 133rd Engineer Battalion.
Senator Collins Meets with German Chancellor
Angela Merkel
Last
month, Senator Collins joined a small group of guests hosted by Chancellor Angela Merkel to discuss
the empowerment of women, a main theme of Germany&#8217;s G7 Presidency.
Meeting
with Mainers
Senator Collins always makes time to meet individually with constituents&#8212; either Mainers who
are visiting Washington, D.C. or at home in Maine.
She values hearing from Mainers on a wide range of topics. Here are a few photos from recent meetings:
Top: Senator
Collins with Middle and High School students from Houlton, Maine
Bottom Right: Maine Blueberry
Commission: Bill Malay and Nancy McBrady
Bottom Left: Senator Collins speaks to Medical students
from the University of New England
OFFICE OF SENATOR SUSAN COLLINS
413 Dirksen Senate Office Building Washington,
D.C. 20510 Phone: (202) 224-2523 Fax: (202) 224-2693
To UNSUBSCRIBE,
please
click here
