
Saturday, February 21, 2015
WEBSITE
|
FORWARD TO A FRIEND
| SHARE ON:
Congressional Report
Dear Friends,
Please take a moment to read my latest update from this week in Washington and Texas Congressional District 28. You can stay connected by signing up for my weekly email
here.
PRIDE Initiative Announced at South Texas Ports of Entry
I announced a new PRIDE initiative in conjunction with the Customs and Border Protection (CBP) on Feb. 18 in Laredo. This initiative is designed to help improve customer service and professionalism between the public and CBP officers at the South Texas Ports of Entry.
Every day, thousands of people cross our international bridges on the South Texas for work, commerce and tourism. I included language in the Fiscal Year 2015 Homeland Security Funding Bill that requires the Commissioner of the Customs and Border Protection (CBP) to review training manuals and coursework as well as incident reporting practices within the agency in an effort to make sure that CBP officers are trained to interact respectfully with those crossing the border. I look forward to my ongoing partnership with CBP and the communities in South Texas on this effort.
Read more about this new initiative with CBP
here.
Partnering with the Mexican Consulate to Answer Immigration Questions
On Feb. 18, my office participated in a discussion at the Buckner Family Hope Center in Penitas, Texas, with over 100 local residents about the process for applying for U.S. citizenship and other immigration issues as well as the resources available to them through the Mexican Consulate.
Meeting with Teach for America in the Valley
My staff met with representatives from Teach for America and the Starr County Industrial Foundation on Feb. 17 to discuss the importance of Teach for America teachers throughout the Rio Grande Valley.
Pictured from left to right are Paula Garcia, Executive Director for Teach for America; Rose Benavides, Executive Director for the Starr County Industrial Foundation; and my Southern District Outreach Coordinator, Nichole Hernandez.
TX28 Federal Agency Tips
Requirements for Becoming a U.S. Citizen
U.S. Citizen and Immigration Services (USCIS) expalins useful information that can help you through the process of applying for U.S. citizenship.
This video from U.S. Citizen and Immigration Services
explains the requirements one must meet as well as the process to become a U.S. citizen.
Intern Spotlight
Michael Heseltine is an intern at my Washington, D.C., office originally from Reading, England, who is a recent graduate of the University of Sussex and Georgetown University where he studied American History and Politics.
He chose to intern with my office to see the inner workings of Congress first-hand, and compare it to what hes experienced at home in England.
Read more about Michael and other interns in my office
here.
Find out how to apply for an internship with my office either in the district or in D.C.
here.
Sincerely,
Henry Cuellar
The House of Representatives is in session next week
CONNECT
Rep. Cuellar In the News
2/19/15: Laredo Morning Times: Initiative to instill respect
2/18/15, KGNS: CBP requiring officers to participate in customer service training
2/18/15: KGNS: Cuellar speaks on president's executive order on immigration
2/16/15, Rio Grande Guardian: Texas Border Coalition: Leave Border Security to the Feds
2/13/15, Laredo Morning Times: Bill Targets Ports of Entry
2/12/15, KGNS: Cuellar, Cornyn introduce bill leading to partnerships at Ports of Entry
Neighborhood Office Hours
Tuesday, February 24
Poteet City Hall
474 Avenue H
10:00am - 11:00am
Poteet, TX
Lytle City Hall
14916 Main
12:00pm - 1:00pm
Lytle, TX
Have a question about neighborhood office hours?
Call my toll free number at 877-780-0028
NOTE: Please DO NOT respond to this email as this inbox is unattended. To contact my office please
click here
UPDATE SUBSCRIPTION OPTIONS
|
PRIVACY POLICY
|
CONTACT US
Click Here Click Here