
HOME
|
About Mike
|
Contact YOUR Office
|
Serving You
|
Newsroom
|
Legislative Work
|
4th District
|
Resources
WEBSITE
| SHARE ON:
Greetings,
Late Tuesday night I sat down with a small group of Congressmen and White House officials in the US Capitol to be consulted on the Presidents requested Authorization for Use of Military Force (AUMF) against the Islamic State of Iraq and Al Sham (ISIS).
I was very disappointed, but not surprised, that Obamas proposed AUMF would limit Americas ability to combat ISIS.
How odd, a President coming to Congress to ask it to
reduce
his power to defeat an enemy he has himself indicated must be crushed.
Of course what is missing is a strategy.
A plan.
A vision for how America can be kept safe from radical Islamic terrorism, of which one component is ISIS.
This draft AUMF would place our troops at risk by limiting their actions on the battlefield, and place Kansans at risk by failing to take the threat from ISIS seriously.
Congress will work its will over the coming weeks and, I hope, draft a clear, thoughtful, and strong authorization.
We have to get this right and send a unified message that our nations top national security priority is the destruction of radical Islamic terrorism.
I recently spoke with the Christian Broadcasting Network about the AUMF.
Here is the interview that aired on the 700 Club this week.
I also wanted to make you aware that I have been appointed to the United States Military Academy at West Points Board of Visitors.
This Board is charged with inquiring into the morale, discipline, curriculum, instruction, physical equipment, fiscal affairs, academic methods, and other matters relating to the academy.
Many of you know that one of my most joyous activities as a Congressman is nominating young Kansans to our nations military service academies.
Those of you interested in considering service to America through entry to one of nations service academies should contact our office to find out more.
Speaking to the JROTC cadets at West High School.
Sincerely,
Mike Pompeo
Member of Congress
Connect With Mike
NOTE: Please
DO NOT
respond to this email as this
inbox is unattended . To contact my office please
click here
WASHINGTON, DC OFFICE
436 Cannon HOB
Washington, DC 20515
Phone:
(202) 225-6216
Fax:
(202) 225-3489
WICHITA, KS OFFICE
7701 E. Kellogg, Suite 510
Wichita, KS 67207
Phone:
(316) 262-8992
Fax:
(316) 262-5309
UPDATE SUBSCRIPTION OPTIONS
|
PRIVACY POLICY
|
CONTACT US
Click Here Click Here