
The Supreme Court is hearing arguments TODAY for a case that could decide whether millions could lose access to their health care.
David --
The Supreme Court is hearing arguments TODAY for a case that could decide whether millions of people lose access to their health care.
This case,
King v. Burwell , was ginned up by conservatives for the express purpose of bringing down the Affordable Care Act --
Obamacare
-- which has successfully insured over 11 million Americans.
The
New York Times
calls the case &ldquo;phony,&rdquo; &ldquo;baloney,&rdquo; and a &ldquo;baseless attack on one of the most important pieces of social legislation of the last generation.&rdquo; But if the Justices rule in favor of the right-wing plaintiffs,
millions of Americans could lose their health care.
We MUST come together to tell the Supreme Court: Don&rsquo;t destroy Obamacare. Sign our petition TODAY!
Conservatives have been relentless in their attacks on Obamacare -- with dozens of repeal attempts and numerous lawsuits against it. They don&rsquo;t care about the real-world consequences. They just want to deliver a blow to President Obama and satisfy their extreme right-wing base.
But ending health care coverage for millions of people would be absolutely appalling. We can&rsquo;t allow it to happen.
Please sign on before the end of the day: Tell the Supreme Court to protect Obamacare!
Thanks for your help,
DSCC Breaking News
Democratic Senatorial Campaign Committee
P.O. Box 96047
Washington, DC 20090
Paid for by the Democratic Senatorial Campaign Committee, dscc.org,
and not authorized by any candidate or candidate&#39;s committee.
The DSCC is the only organization solely dedicated to supporting Democrats in the U.S. Senate. This message was sent to dj724530@gmail.com because you are a part of the DSCC&rsquo;s grassroots network. Please add us to your address book or approved senders list to make sure you keep receiving DSCC updates.
Emails are a critical way for us to stay in touch with our grassroots supporters. 99% of the DSCC&rsquo;s contributions come from grassroots donors giving less than $200. We also strive to keep you updated on issues related to the Democratic Party&rsquo;s values.
If you&rsquo;d like to stop receiving emails related to this campaign, please
click here .
If you&#39;d like to make a contribution to support us, please
click here . We are already beginning to prepare for the fight ahead &ndash; reclaiming the majority in 2016. It will take every single grassroots supporter, but we know it&rsquo;s possible with your help. If you&rsquo;d like to stop receiving all emails from the DSCC, please
unsubscribe . We greatly appreciate your continued support.
Contributions or gifts to the DSCC are not tax deductible.
