
Miller Newsletter
March 15, 2015
In the News
Tragic Black Hawk Crash
My wife Vicki and I were saddened to learn of the crash of an Army helicopter during a training mission in the waters near Eglin Air Force Base last Tuesday.
This tragedy reminds us of the dangerous jobs our men and women in uniform do every day in service to our country.
Whether overseas in a far-off land or here at home, there is no such thing as a routine mission.
Our thoughts and prayers are with the families and friends of the four National Guardsmen and seven Marines involved in the crash.
ATF Drops Bullet Ban
The Second Amendment to the Constitution of the United States is an individual and sacred right that cannot be infringed, and I was encouraged to see last week that the Bureau of Alcohol Tobacco and Firearms (ATF) decided to change course and announce that it will no longer seek to ban M855 or green tip ammunition.
Millions of Americans, including 239 Members of Congress, spoke up in defense of our Second Amendment rights, and I was proud to be part of the strong bipartisan effort to avert the Obama Administrations overreach in limiting the Second Amendment by fiat. It is my hope that the tremendous opposition to the ATFs proposal sends an unequivocal message to those who wish to take firearms out of the hands of law-abiding citizens; however, this Administration has shown time and again it is willing to subvert the legislative process in order to achieve its agenda. I will remain diligent in my efforts to prevent this and other overreaches by this Administration.
Miller Media Clips
To read some recent press clips highlighting my work on behalf of Florida's First Congressional District and our Nations veterans and servicemembers, click on the links below:
Fixes Come Slowly to Corrosive Culture at V.A. Hospitals
Obamas VA Failure: Huge Budget Increases and Expanded Staff Didnt Mean Better Service
Obama to visit Phoenix VA hospital where veterans died waiting for care
Judge orders Veterans Affairs to return fired Phoenix boss' performance bonus
Obama to Convene Advisers on Improving Veterans Health Services
Obama to visit Phoenix VA, claim progress on fixes
House, Senate committees to hold hearing on Tomah VA
Obama's 'Green Tip' Ammo Ban Sputters to a Halt
Denver VA Construction Could Be Halted Again This Month
Lawmakers warn Colorado VA hospital project could shut down again
Lawmakers Want Answers after VA Manager Mocks Vet Suicide in Email
VA crisis slowly changing health-care system for veterans
Review Finds Harmful Prescription Drug Policies At Tomah VA
Miller, Cotton introduce Veterans Heritage Firearms Act of 2015
Business Loan Options Could Broaden for Veterans
Lawmakers plan Wisconsin hearing on 'Candy Land' VA facility
In the District
2015 Congressional Art Competition:
An Artistic Discovery
The Congressional Art Competition, which was initiated by Members of Congress in 1982, is a nationwide annual art competition that allows high school students, from all fifty states, the District of Columbia, and U.S. territories to showcase their artistic ability. The winning work from each Congressional district is displayed in an eleven month exhibit in the Cannon tunnel that leads into the U.S. Capitol.
I would like to thank all students and judges who participated in this year's competition, as well as congratulate Daeshika Smith of Milton High School for her winning work "Creation", Maiah Mason of Booker T. Washington High School as First Runner Up for
Read Between the Stripes, Walker Carroll of Pace High School as Second Runner Up for "Stray", Jade Carver of Gulf Breeze High School as Third Runner Up for Red-Head Sister, and Justin Baker of J.M. Tate High School and Meagan Hindel of Fort Walton Beach High School, who received Honorable Mention for Dandelion Girl and "Sipping Nectar," respectively.
Daeshika Smith with her family and her winning artwork "Creation"
Military and Veterans Resource Center Visit
I visited the University of West Florida's Military &amp; Veterans Resource Center (UWF MVRC) last week, where I was able to tour the facility and meet with staff, VA Work Studies volunteers, and veterans.
The MVRC, whose staff is comprised entirely of veterans, builds on the proud military history of Northwest Florida to help serve the more than 2,000 veteran students who are enrolled at UWF.
During my visit, we discussed the different services the center offers and how the MVRC and UWF help Northwest Florida's veteran students build on their successful service careers and thrive in civilian life.
I thank the staff at the MVRC for welcoming me to the center, and I know that all of Northwest Florida is proud of their tireless efforts serving our local veteran students.
Congressman Miller visiting the UWF Military and Veterans Resource Center
Xyston Solutions Meeting
Last week, I sat down with Xyston Solutions, a local group conducting research for Eisenhower Center in Ann Arbor, Michigan.
The Eisenhower Centers mission is focused on care, rehabilitation, and reintegration for patients suffering from Traumatic Brain Injury (TBI) and Post Traumatic Stress Disorder (PTSD). While they provide care to civilian patients who have been injured in car accidents and industrial accidents, they also provide veterans care through the VA system and have a partnership with the NFL to provide care to retired and current football players. Their "After the Impact" program pairs players with wounded vets, which promotes healing for both parties.
We discussed their long term treatment contract with the VA, their unique approach to care and healing, and their plans to expand to Florida this year so that they can use their approach to provide TBI and PTSD care to our large population of veterans and active duty service members.
Meeting with Navy Leagues Santa Rosa County Council
I met with the newly elected president of the Santa Rosa County Council of the Navy League, Mr. Pete Gandy, along with Mark Harden, Area President of the Navy League, and Walt Reese from the Navy Leagues Santa Rosa County Council.
Founded in 1902 with the support of President Teddy Roosevelt, the Navy League of the United States has promoted the need for strong sea services by educating the public and elected officials on the importance of a strong maritime component for National Security.
Advocating for members of the Navy, Marine Corps, Coast Guard, and Merchant Marines for more than a century, and boasting 245 local councils with more than 43,000 members worldwide, the work of the Navy League is as important today as it ever has been.
We met to discuss pressing issues pertaining to the Marine Transportation System and U.S. Merchant Marine Programs, which affects more than 13 million jobs and contributes more than $10 billion per year to the U.S. economy.
I want to thank the gentlemen from the Navy League for taking the time to visit with me, and I thank them for their continued advocacy for our Nations seafarers.
Congressman Miller with Mark Harden, Area President US Navy League; Pete Gandy, President Santa Rosa County Council Navy League; and Walt Reese, US Navy League - Santa Rosa County Council (L-R)
Upcoming Mobile Office Days in Paxton and Crestview this Thursday, March 19
In order to better serve the needs of constituents who are not close to the Pensacola or Fort Walton Beach offices, special mobile office days modeled after veterans assistance days have been established to better serve our growing population in Northwest Florida. I am pleased to announce upcoming office hours that will be held Thursday, March 19. My staff will be available to answer questions about problems with federal agencies or other issues affecting the First Congressional District at the following locations and times: 10:00 a.m.
11:30 a.m. at Paxton City Hall (21872 U.S. Highway 331 North in Paxton) and 2:00 p.m.
3:30 p.m. at Crestview City Hall (198 North Wilson Street in Crestview).
Veterans Corner
President Obama Visits VA Scandals Epicenter
Last Friday, President Obama visited the Phoenix VA Health Care System.
Anytime the President devotes his time and personal attention to the issues plaguing the Department of Veterans Affairs, its a good thing.
But Im concerned the administrations decision to convene an advisory committee composed of outside experts to help improve VA services, which the administration announced during the Presidents visit, is a duplicative step that misses the mark. The
Veterans Access, Choice and Accountability Act , which the President signed last August, already mandates two top-to-bottom reviews of VAs health care system. These reviews will be used to guide longer term efforts to reform VA into an organization truly worthy of the veterans it is charged with serving. In the short term, however, the solution for fixing what ails the department could not be more clear. The lack of accountability for those who caused the VA scandal is the single most important factor inhibiting VAs transformation, and nowhere is this more visible than in Phoenix.
Nearly a year after the city became the epicenter of VAs problems, the department has not fired a single Phoenix VA employee for wait time manipulation. In fact, efforts to hold employees accountable in Phoenix have been repeatedly botched. To this day, key leaders tied to the scandal in Phoenix remain on the job or on paid leave, and now the department is being forced to pay back thousands in bonus money it tried to rescind from former Phoenix VA Director Sharon Helman. This dearth of accountability also exists at VA facilities across the Nation, as evidenced by the fact that VA has not fired a single senior executive for wait time manipulation. Its becoming quite evident that this administration is either unwilling or unable to take accountability at VA seriously. There is no way around it: in order for VA reform to succeed, those who caused the departments massive scandal must be purged from the payroll. If that doesnt happen, it will only be a matter of time before were talking about the next VA scandal.
House and Senate Veterans' Affairs Committee Leadership Call for Answers on Construction Delays, Cost Overruns at Colorado VA Hospital
Last week, I joined Senate Chairman Johnny Isakson (R-GA), Senate Ranking Member Dick Blumenthal (D-CT), and House Ranking Member Corrine Brown (D-FL) in calling on VA Secretary Bob McDonald to address the ongoing problems that have plagued the replacement Denver VA Medical Center hospital, including mismanagement that has led to hundreds of millions in cost overruns and repeated delays.
Months after the biggest construction failure in VA history, the department hasnt provided Congress the information required to get the effort back on track. Since the projects inception, the cost of the hospital has ballooned from $328 million to $800 million, and now it looks as if the price tag could top $1 billion. Absent a VA plan to hold the employees responsible for this massive failure accountable and ensure the project is completed in a timely fashion, authorizing any more money for this project would simply be irresponsible. We are committed to ensuring all veterans receive the best health care possible. But in order for that to happen, VA must put forth a plan to solve its construction challenges once and for all.
As always, I welcome your comments. To share your thoughts on legislation, votes or issues, please visit http://jeffmiller.house.gov/ to send an e-mail or call any of my offices.
Thanks,
Jeff
Click Here
to view this email in your browser
Click Here
to be removed from this list