
RAND'S NEWSLETTER UPDATE
MARCH 6, 2015
Please allow me to update you on this week's happenings in Washington, D.C.
Two-Year Anniversary of Dr. Rand Paul's Filibuster
On March 6, 2013, I took to the floor of the U.S. Senate to lead an active filibuster of President Obama's nominee for Director of the Central Intelligence Agency, John Brennan. I spoke for 13 hours on the legality and constitutionality of the U.S. government using lethal force, including drone strikes, on Americans and in U.S. territory. The next day the U.S. Attorney General, Eric Holder, reversed the administration's previous position and declared that the government does not have the authority to use such force in a non-combat situation.
Click
HERE
or below to watch highlights from my filibuster.
Dr. Rand Paul Stands with Israeli Prime Minister Netanyahu
After attending Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu's Joint Meeting of Congress on Tuesday, I issued the following statement: Israel is and has always been America's friend and ally. I was pleased to hear Prime Minister Netanyahu's speech to Congress today, and join him in calling for peace and standing together for our mutual interests. It is important to work together to prevent a nuclear Iran, and the spread of Radical Islam.
Click
HERE
to read my entire statement.
Dr. Rand Paul Cosponsors Iran Nuclear Agreement Review Act of 2015
On Tuesday, I signed on as a cosponsor to The Iran Nuclear Agreement Review Act of 2015, introduced last week by Sen. Bob Corker (R-Tenn.). This bipartisan legislation would mandate that the Obama Administration submit the text of any agreement to Congress, in addition to prohibiting the President from suspending Congressional sanctions for a period of 60 days.
As I have said all along, I believe it is in everyone's best interest to find a peaceful way to prevent Iran from acquiring nuclear weapons. Contingent fully upon the approval from Congress, any deal reached must be strong, verifiable, and ultimately, have real consequences if Iran does not comply. This act will give the administration an incentive to negotiate from a position of strength.
Click
HERE
to read my statement in its entirety.
Dr. Rand Paul Introduces Stand with Israel Act of 2015
On Tuesday, I reintroduced the Stand with Israel Act of 2015. This legislation would halt all U.S. foreign aid to the Palestinian Authority (P.A.) until the P.A. renounces violence, purges terrorists from its ranks, and recognizes the nation of Israel. The Stand with Israel Act of 2014 was introduced last Congress in response to the P.A.'s attempts to form a unity government with the terrorists of Hamas-a unity government that still remains.
The Stand with Israel Act of 2015 sends a clear message: Unless the Palestinian Authority recognizes the right of Israel to exist as a Jewish state, ceases to work with terrorist organizations such as Hamas, and agrees to a lasting peace, this legislation will halt all U.S. taxpayer dollars to the Palestinian Authority.
Click
HERE
to read my entire statement.
Dr. Rand Paul Introduces Bill to Repeal Ant-Privacy Provisions in FATCA
On Wednesday, I reintroduced S.663, a bill to repeal the Foreign Account Tax Compliance Act (FATCA). FATCA is a law requiring every foreign bank to excessively monitor and report to the Internal Revenue Service (IRS) the bank accounts of every American residing overseas - or risk severe punishment. Not only is this requirement a privacy concern of American citizens, it&rsquo;s a costly burden on the banks. As a result, the private data of American accounts is forfeited and foreign banks have approached the onus of this law by shutting their doors to U.S. Citizens, leading to a hardship for millions of citizens working abroad.
Click
HERE
to read my statement in it entirety.
Dr. Rand Paul Meets with the Kentucky Pizza Hut Franchisees
On Tuesday afternoon, I had the opportunity to meet with Kentucky Pizza Hut Franchisees, Andy Rosen and Vikki Hodgkins. During the meeting, we touched on Obamacare and other government regulations negatively affecting small businesses across the country.
(Dr. Rand Paul and Andy Rosen and Vikki Hodgkins - March 3, 2015)
Dr. Rand Paul Meets with the Kentucky Veterans of Foreign Wars
On Wednesday, I had the pleasure of meeting with the Kentucky Veterans of Foreign Wars (VFW) in my offices in Washington, D.C. During the meeting, we discussed many important topics including Veterans Affairs Health Care.
(Dr. Rand Paul and Kentucky VFW - March 4, 2015)
Dr. Rand Paul Meets with American Osteopathic Association Kentucky Students
On Thursday, I spoke to and fielded questions from a group of 75 Kentucky students visiting from the American Osteopathic Association. During the meeting, we touched on many important issues including how Obamacare will affect the nation's healthcare.
(Dr. Rand Paul and American Osteopathic Association - March 5, 2015)
Dr. Rand Paul Meets with the Kentucky School Nutrition Association
I had the opportunity to meet with the Kentucky School Nutrition Association on Tuesday afternoon. During the discussion, we touched on many important topics including the USDA Child Nutrition Programs.
(Dr. Rand Paul and Kentucky School Nutrition Association - March 3, 2015)
Dr. Rand Paul Meets with Thortons, Shalimar Investments, and Kentucky Association of Convenience Stores
On Wednesday, I had the opportunity to meet with the David Bridgers of Thortons, Inc., Sukhjit Bains of Shalimar Investments, and Ted Mason of Kentucky Association of Convenience Stores. It was great meeting with the group and discussing issues affecting their industry, including the menu labeling data security tax reform.
(Dr. Rand Paul and Thortons, Shalimar Investments, and Kentucky Association of Convenience Stores - March 4, 2015)
Media Wrap-Up
This week, I appeared on Fox's
Hannity
and
Fox &amp; Friends . I spoke with several radio stations across the country, as well as stations in Kentucky.
Have An Issue Or Concern?
If you are a Kentucky resident and need assistance with a federal agency or concern, feel free to contact the Bowling Green office (270-782-8303) to have a discussion with the appropriate staff member.
Stay in Touch with Sen. Paul's Social Media
You can find updates on what I'm doing by visiting my Senate website,
www.paul.senate.gov
and you can follow my official Google+ account
HERE . You can also subscribe to my YouTube channel
HERE . Don't forget to become a fan of my
official Facebook page
and my
official Instagram page
for other timely updates.
Warm Regards,
To unsubscribe from Rand's newsletter, please visit the
unsubscribe page
