
If you are having trouble
viewing this message or would like to share it on a social network,
you can
view the message
online .
CONTACT
ABOUT
SERVICES
NEWS
OFFICE
LOCATIONS
President Obamas Budget
is Not a Serious Proposal
Senator Corker released the following statement on
Monday regarding President Barack Obamas fiscal year 2016 budget
proposal.
Our inability to get
our nations fiscal house in order continues to be one of the most
critical national security threats our country faces. The presidents
budget makes little effort to solve that problem and is not a serious
proposal, said Corker. The spending limits put in place in 2011 have
generated the only real fiscal progress our nation has made in decades,
yet the president wants to not only break the promise we all made to
the American people, but also revert back to the bad habits that created
our massive deficits in the first place. I hope Congress will show
courage and finally address the largest drivers of our deficits so we
can generate economic growth and create more opportunities for
Tennesseans.
Active Duty Military and Veteran Suicide is a Crisis
We Cannot Ignore
Senator Corker released the following statement this week after
voting for H.R. 203, the Clay Hunt Suicide Prevention for American
Veterans Act, which passed the Senate by a vote of 99 to
0.
The alarming rise in the number of
suicides within our active duty military and veteran populations is a
crisis we cannot ignore, said Corker. By expanding access to mental
health care while refining and improving the programs currently in
place, this bill is an important step toward ensuring our veterans are
receiving the care and resources they deserve.
Civilized
World Must Come Together to Deal with
ISIS
Appearing on Fox News' "Special Report"
on Wednesday to discuss the murder of a Jordanian pilot by ISIS,
Senator Corker urged the "civilized world" to come together to deal with the
terrorist group.
We as a
civilized world have got to come together and deal with [ISIS],
Corker said. The Arab community hopefully is watching this and seeing
what is happening in their own area and they have to be a part of that
[combating ISIS]. It has to be them on the ground, and I certainly think
there are ways that we cancause what is happening on the ground to
be far more effective.
Click
here
or on the image above to watch the
video.
Earlier
in the day, Senator Corker
hosted
Jordan's King Abdullah II at the U.S. Capitol for a meeting with
members of the Senate Foreign Relations
Committee.
"I met with King Abdullah II of Jordan today
and extended our deepest sympathies to him, to the family of Lt. Moaz
al-Kasasbeh, and to the entire nation of Jordan as the world is shocked
by the latest brutality of ISIS. We strongly condemn these barbaric
acts and stand together with Jordan against our common
enemy."
Congress Can Create and Lead a Vision for
Ending Modern Slavery
During a
hearing
to
examine the challenge of modern day slavery, Senator Corker called for
Congress to create and lead a vision to end this deplorable practice
world-wide.
Congress can
create and lead a vision to end modern day slavery, Corker said.
With the U.S. behind it; we can lead; we can solve; we can bring others
to the table.
The
committee heard testimony from leading non-governmental organizations
and slavery victims that elevated the scope of this global problem and
offered successful strategies for combating human trafficking. More
than 27 million people around the world are enslaved. Forced labor
accounts for 74 percent of victims and forced sexual servitude accounts for
26 percent of victims. Women and girls are especially vulnerable to
slavery and human trafficking, accounting for 54 percent of victims.
Children under the age of 18 account for 26 percent of
victims.
For more information, click
here .
Click
here
or on the image above
to watch the video.
Tennesseans Visit
Washington
Senators Corker and Alexander hosted over 60 Tennesseans at this weeks
Tennessee Tuesday, a regular breakfast held on Capitol Hill every week
the Senate is in session for visitors from the Volunteer State. For
more information, click
here .
Home
|
Privacy Policy
|
Unsubscribe
gateway mail end 