
If you are having trouble
viewing this message or would like to share it on a social network, you can
view the message
online .
Home
Contact Me
About
Services
News
Issues
February 22, 2015
Dear
David,
It seems that Minnesota winter has hit the east coast - but
don't worry, while much of Washington was shut down on Tuesday,
my D.C. office was open
and serving you -- of course you
would expect as much from a Minnesota office!
Last week, I
was invited to the White House for a bill signing ceremony with the
President to see the Clay Hunt SAV Act signed into law. The new law will
improve suicide prevention and mental health programs at both the VA
and the Department of Defense for our veterans who return home and need
assistance reintegrating to civilian life. Sadly, an
average of 22 veterans have been taking their lives every
day.
This week, I stocked food shelves at the Community Emergency Assistance
Program (CEAP), which serves Brooklyn Park, Champlin and Brooklyn
Center. CEAP does a tremendous job fighting hunger in our local community
and assisting the less fortunate. Make sure to read below about the
action Congress has taken to encourage charitable giving to
organizations like CEAP. Channel 12 covered my visit and you can see that story by
clicking here
and going to the 4:09 mark. I
also joined Channel 12 to talk about my efforts in Congress to combat sex
trafficking and repeal the medical device tax. Take a
look at that interview here .
Thank you
to everybody who attended my Congress on Your Corner event in Edina and
my recent telephone town hall meeting. Listening to your thoughts and
answering your questions allows me to more effectively represent you.
Here are the results from our poll question I asked you, "Should the
United States open up trade with Cuba?"
If I can be of help to you
or your family, dont hesitate to give my office a call. Join the
conversation online by visiting my
website ,
Facebook page ,
Twitter , and don't
forget to watch my weekly video,
Erik's
Correspondence Corner .
Sincerely,
Erik Paulsen
Member of Congress
Encouraging Charitable
Giving
Americans have a strong history of helping one another through
tough times with over 95% of families donating to charity. The House
recently passed legislation , the
America Gives
More Act , that simplifies and makes permanent provisions in the
tax code that promote charitible giving. I authored one provision in
the bill that replaces a two-tier excise tax structure for charitable
foundations with one reduced rate. Minnesota has over 1,400 charitable
foundations that donate over $1 billion annually and this legislation
will make sure the money goes to those who need it the most. In
addition, the bill also makes permanent and expands a provision that allows
businesses, like grocery stores, to deduct food they donate to food
assistance programs. This provision is critical to making sure that more
food goes to organizations working to fight hunger in our
community.
Keystone Pipeline Bill Heads to the
President's Desk
According to the State Department, building
the Keystone XL Pipeline will support 42,000 jobs and add $3.4 billion
to the American economy. However, delays and obstruction has resulted
in the project being sidelined for over six years. The House and
Senate voted to approve the pipeline and clear the way to begin
construction -- it now heads to the President's desk. The Keystone Pipeline is
better for the environment, safer for our communities, and more cost
effective than shipping oil by rail and would go a long way in creating
jobs and making North America more energy
independent.
More Certainty in the Tax Code for Small
Businesses
Three out of every four new jobs come from small businesses.
If we really want to strengthen our economy and put more money in the
pockets of American workers, we must fix the tax code and how
it treats small businesses. This past week I helped pass legislation
to give more certainty for small businesses by making permanent
important provisions in the tax code, like expensing investments in capital
equipment. Washington needs to embrace these types of long term
solutions, such as H.R. 636, the
Small Business Tax Relief
Act,
so these job creators can grow.
Erik
helps stock shelves at the Community Emergency Assistance Program
food shelf.
Congressman Paulsen and a group of bipartisan
colleagues at the White House with the President to sign the Clay Hunt SAV Act
into law.
Erik on the phone with constituents during his recent
telephone town hall meeting.
Congressman
Paulsen at a Congress on Your Corner event in
Edina.
###
Unsubscribe
|
Update My Profile
|
Privacy Policy
