
March 6, 2015
Conaway Chronicle: Conaway Chronicle: Homeland Security Funding Vote, Service Academy Day, PM Netanyahu Address, Colorado City Town Hall
__________________________________________
Thank you for reading The Conaway Chronicle, a review of my activities in Congress and the 11th District.
Department of Homeland Security Funding Vote
As many of you saw, I voted against the Department of Homeland Security funding bill that passed this week. Earlier in the year, I supported the legislation passed by the House of Representatives to fund DHS and prevent the Presidents illegal amnesty plan from being enacted. However, I could not support the legislation that passed Tuesday because it does nothing to address President Obamas unconstitutional executive action to grant amnesty to five million illegal immigrants.
Every attempt that the Republicans in the House of Representatives made to conference with the Senate on this funding bill was met with indifference by obstructionist Senate Democrats. Democratic Senators prevented this legislation from even being debated until hours before the Department of Homeland Security was set to shut down. Our nation was built on a system of checks and balances. The President himself said 22 times that he did not have the legal authority to act on immigration in the way that he ultimately did. A federal judge in Texas agreed with the President, and blocked his illegal amnesty plan from moving forward for now.
I am deeply concerned by the lack of principle coming from the White House and the Senate Democrats who put the country in this position. I am hopeful that our courts will uphold the decision made by the U.S. District Judge in Brownsville and find that the President has grossly overreached his constitutional authority, and that his illegal amnesty plan is indeed illegal.
Military Service Academy Day
I'd like to invite any area high school students interested in attending a military service academy to an Academy Day event, Saturday, March 28, 2015. Academy Liaison Officers, ROTC Representatives and others will be on hand to meet with prospective students and their families. The Academy Day program will feature information about the nomination process involved in securing academy appointments.
WHAT:
Military Service Academy Day
WHEN:
Saturday, March 28th, 2015
1:30 p.m. - 4:30 p.m.
WHERE:
Angelo State University, MCS Building, Room 100
2200 Dena Drive, San Angelo TX
Students who reside in the 11th Congressional District are encouraged to submit their applications in the spring of their junior year of high school to my San Angelo Regional Office. Deadline for completed applications to be received for the Class of 2020 (entering the Academy Summer of 2016) will be October 9, 2015. Congressional staff members will be at the Academy Day event to assist prospective applicants.
Prime Minister Netanyahu's Congressional Address
Tuesday, Prime Minister Netanyahu reminded the United States Congress that we are at a critical juncture in history with the potential to impact the future of not only our nation, but the world. With the deadline for a deal with Iran regarding its nuclear program looming, this address
from Prime Minister Netanyahu to Congress and the American people came at the right time.
Once again, President Obama has proven his poor negotiating skills in his talks with Iran. The Presidents current deal will not prevent Iran from obtaining nuclear weapons. It will not only put our ally Israels national security in peril, but the security and stability of the world in danger as well.
Right now, we are at the point of no return. The decisions we make must be clear and courageous. I applaud Prime Minister Netanyahus steadfast commitment to the people of his nation. I now call on President Obama to follow suit, and stand up for the people of Israel and the people of the United States of America.
Colorado City Town Hall Meeting
Next Tuesday, March 10th, I will be holding a town hall meeting in Colorado City that is open to the public. I always enjoy talking to constituents and learning more about what issues are most important to you. Please join me if you are able to!
WHAT:
Colorado City Town Hall Meeting
WHEN:
Tuesday, March 10th, 9:30 AM-10:30 AM
WHERE:
Mitchell County Hospital- East Tower
997 West Interstate 20, Colorado City, TX 79512
As always, you can follow me on
Facebook ,
YouTube , and
Twitter .
Sincerely,
Rep. Mike Conaway, 11th District
Click Here
to view this email in your browser
Click Here
to be removed from this list