
Having trouble reading this email?
Click here
to view in your browser.
Protecting Workers' Rights
While the Obama Administration has proposed a number of rules and regulations that make it more difficult for employers to create jobs, there is perhaps no rule more unfair to employers than the so-called ambush election rule proposed by the National Labor Relations Board. The ambush election rule was finalized last December and could shorten the length of time in which a union election is held to as little as 11 days. The average certification election is currently 38 days. This flawed rule will limit the ability of employers to prepare for union elections and, more importantly, gives workers too little time to weigh the facts about joining a union.
Earlier this year, I was proud to join House Speaker John Boehner, Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell, House Education and the Workforce Committee Chairman John Kline and Senators Lamar Alexander and Mike Enzi to introduce a joint resolution of Congress to stop this rules implementation.
For far too long, weve seen the Obama administrations activist NLRB
which
should
ensure fair and transparent union elections
put the interests of labor unions before those of job creators and American workers. This latest rule is nothing more than an attempt to speed up union elections, violating the rights of workers to make an informed decision and employers to communicate openly with their employees during a union organizing campaign. As Ive said before, this isnt about whether you are pro or anti-unionthe purpose of this resolution is to stop the NLRB from moving forward with policies that will effectively cripple the rights of workers.
Even a labor attorney and former NLRB staff member
spoke out
about this rule in a committee hearing held on March 4. Arnold Perl said that, workers rights had been abandoned by the new rules which imposes built-in obstacles which prevent or impede reasoned and informed choices by employees. Also troubling, this rule requires employers to give information including work schedules, home and email addresses and phone numbers to union leaders, jeopardizing the privacy and safety of workers and their families.
Earlier this month, the Senate passed this important bill, and this week, the House did the same. While I hope the president reconsiders his position and decides to support worker freedom, the president has indicated he will veto this legislation, further proving that his administration is more concerned with supporting union bosses than ensuring a fair and impartial process that respects workers rights to make decisions that are best for them.
Last November, voters spoke out against the presidents destructive governing tactics loud and clear. Unfortunately, rather than change course, it seems this administration is doubling down on the same failed policies that prevent more robust job creation. Still, I am committed to fighting back and pushing for commonsense, smaller government. I want to leave a better country for my children and grandchildren, and I strongly believe President Obama is leading us in the opposite direction. As long as I have the honor of representing the First Congressional District, you can rest assured I will continue fighting to be a voice of reason in Washington.
Feel free to contact my office if we can be of assistance to you or your family. Our contact information can be found on our website,
www.roe.house.gov .
CONNECT WITH US
E-News Sign-up
Forward to a Friend
Contact Phil
Washington, DC Office
407 Cannon House Office Bldg
Washington, DC 20515
Phone: (202) 225-6356
Fax: (202) 225-5714
Kingsport Office
PO Box 1728
Kingsport, TN 37662
Phone: (423) 247-8161
Fax: (423) 247-0119
Morristown Office
1609 College Park Drive, Suite 4
Morristown, TN 37813
Phone: (423) 254-1400
Fax: (423) 254-1403
Click Here Click Here