
If you are having trouble viewing
this message or would like to share it on a social network, you can
view the message
online .
Home
|
About
|
How Can I Help?
|
Media
|
Issues
|
The 6th
District
Standing with Israel Against The
Iranian Nuclear
Deal
Dear
Friends:
Earlier this month, I had the privilege to sit in the chamber of
the U.S. House of Representatives while Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin
Netanyahu addressed a Joint Session of Congress.
During his
address, he laid out significant and serious concerns about his
understanding of the deal President Obama is cutting with Iran over its nuclear
weapons program, a country that has repeatedly vowed to wipe Israel
off the map.
As
Prime Minister Netanyahu emphasized, it is a bad deal. It is a bad
deal for Israel. It is a bad deal for the United States. It is a bad
deal for regional and world security.
The only country it is a good deal for is
Iran.
The White
House obviously objects to criticism of the deal they are negotiating,
but their arguments simply dont hold up to
scrutiny.
You dont have to take it
from me. Take it from Democratic U.S. Senator Robert Menendez. He has
accused the Obama administration of making arguments that sound like
talking points from Tehran.
United States Senators dont criticize presidents from
their own party lightly. But the rising threat of the Islamic Republic
of Iran is matter we must all take
seriously.
This is a country dead set on building
a nuclear bomb. They are developing Intercontinental Ballistic
Missiles (ICBM) capable of striking every corner of the United States. They
are a state sponsor of terrorism that has been funding deadly attacks
on American citizens and our soldiers for
decades.
The Iranian regime is not our
friend, nor are they interested in
peace.
The agreement that President Obama is
negotiating fails to deal with the underlying threat that Irans nuclear
weapons program and weapons system development present. The
administration has acknowledged that any final deal will have to allow the
Iranians to have a mutually defined enrichment
program.
Former U.S. Ambassador to the
United Nations Mark Wallace testified before Congress that if Iran
truly only sought a civilian and peaceful nuclear energy program, there
would be zero need for any enrichment
capacity.
Letting Iran continue to
manufacture materials that can only be used for a nuclear weapon is clearly a
red line that the Obama administration wont draw in negotiations, but
it is a red line the American people and the US Congress must
demand.
Not only are
the Iranians developing materials for a nuclear bomb, but they are also
actively developing the missiles to deliver nuclear weapons.
According to testimony by John Lauder, the former Director of the Intelligence
Communitys Nonproliferation Center, the Iranians have worked on
their ICBM program with North Korea and have no intention of shutting it
down.
In fact,
Ayatollah Khamenei described calls for ending the ICBM program a
stupid, idiotic expectation. Irans leader thinks they should be mass
produc[ing] the missiles.
Essentially, the White House is negotiating a treaty they
already acknowledge wont stop Irans nuclear weapons program with a
country that desperately wants to mass produce missiles capable of
striking every corner of the United
States.
There is a reason the White House had its
nose so out of joint on Prime Minister Netanyahu speaking to Congress.
They knew that when the arguments against their nave negotiations
with Iran were laid out in public for all to see, support for their
efforts would collapse like a house of
cards.
From my four overseas deployments with
the U.S. Marine Corps, that have all taken me to the Middle East, I have
learned never to take a threat from Iran lightly. The President,
unfortunately, is making that very
mistake.
As a Member of Congress and as a Marine
Corps combat veteran, I object strongly to this administrations nave
negotiations. I stand with Israel. I oppose this
deal.
Sincerely,
Mike
Coffman
U.S. Representative
If you would like to sign up to receive regular email
updates from Mike, please visit
this
link
$ 18,157,818,0289,541
Share on Facebook
Share on
Twitter
Share on
LinkedIn
House Slaps VA with Vote to Strip Bonuses from Corrupt or
Negligent Officials
By Peter
Kasperowicz
TheBlaze.com
Published March 2, 2015
The House voted Monday to allow the Secretary of
Veterans Affairs to take away performance bonuses from officials who
are later discovered to be undeserving of those cash awards, and did
so in a unanimous voice vote.
The vote showed that both Republicans and Democrats continue
to be worried about ongoing managerial problems at the VA, nearly a
year after the VA was shown to be systematically failing to provide
veterans with timely health care.
That scandal unveiled a broken VA in which senior officials
were delaying health care access, and trying to cover up this fact
once Congress started investigating. Along the way, it was found that
senior VA officials were routinely getting huge bonuses, even in VA
systems that failed to help thousands of
veterans.
Since then, House Veterans Affairs Committee
Chairman Jeff Miller (R-Fla.) has said the VA needs to have the
authority to strip away bonuses from corrupt or negligent officials. His
legislation was aimed at letting the VA take back $380,000 in bonuses at
38 VA hospitals that are still under investigation for pretending to
serve veterans on time.
Ideally, VA employees and executives who collected bonuses under
false pretenses should be subject to prosecution when warranted, but
at a minimum their bonuses should be paid back in full, Miller said in
January when he introduced the bill.
However, its unclear whether the VA would use its
new authority even if it became law. In January, Millers committee
held a hearing in which two senior VA officials said the VA had no
opinion on whether corrupt or negligent officials should be able to keep
their ill-gotten bonuses.
Rep. Mike Coffman
(R-Colo.)
was shocked
at the
VAs lack of any position on the bill. I think its just extraordinary,
and what it says to me, and what it says to the veterans of this
country, is nothings really changed, he said.
That was just one of the ways the VA has
disappointed Congress lately. Among other things, VA Secretary Robert
McDonald said in a television interview that 60 people have been fired over
the health care scandal, although
only 8 have been fired . And
McDonald himself was caught saying he was in the Special Forces, when he was
not
he
had to apologize
for what he said was a
misstatement.
Also on Monday, the
House approved a separate bill that would let the VA enter into contracts
with foster homes to care for hundreds of veterans who prefer care in
a smaller setting. This bill passed unanimously in a 405-0
vote.
Both bills now head to
the Republican-led Senate.
Most of Colorado delegation attending Netanyahu
speech
By: Brandon
Rittiman
9news.com
Published March
2, 2015
KUSA When
Israeili Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu addresses a joint session of
Congress Tuesday, all but one member of the delegation from Colorado
plan to be there to hear him.
Rep. Diana DeGette (D-Colorado) will miss the event. Her office
told 9NEWS her absence will be caused by a scheduling
conflict.
"Congresswoman DeGette has
a longstanding commitment (to address several medical research groups)
that conflicts with the speech," wrote DeGette's spokesman Matt
Inzeo. "She is a proud supporter of Israel and its special relationship
with the United States."
Despite pushback from the Obama administration, which views the speech
at Speaker John Boehner's request as a breach of protocol because the
White House wasn't consulted, the rest of the Democrats from Colorado
do plan to be there.
"I don't agree with the timing or the way House Republicans handled
the invitation to Prime Minster Netanyahu, but I feel it is important
for me to attend as a Member of Congress," Rep. Ed Perlmutter
(D-Colorado) wrote to 9NEWS. "Israel is one of America's closest and most
important allies in the world, and my support of the Israel and U.S.
alliance is strong."
Republicans are casting the speech as a must-attend
event.
"Shame on anyone, Republican or Democrat,
who wouldn't stand with our great friend and dearest ally,"
Rep. Mike Coffman
(R-Colorado) added.
"The United States should maintain a strong
relationship with Israel, and whoever occupies the White House next will
have to restore our relationship after eight years of President Obama
degrading it," wrote Rep. Ken Buck
(R-Colorado.)
For his part, Netanyahu sent a less
hostile signal to the White House on Monday.
"Never has so much been written about a speech that
hasn't been given,"
Netanyahu
said . "My speech is not intended to show any disrespect to President
Obama or the esteemed office he holds. I have great respect for
both."
Washington Office
2443 Rayburn HOB
Washington, D.C. 20515
Phone: (202) 225-7882
Fax:
(202) 226-4623
District
Office
Cherry Creek Place IV
3300 S.
Parker Road, Suite #305
Aurora,
CO 80014
Phone: (720)
748-7514
Fax: (720) 748-7680
Unsubscribe
|
Update My Profile
|
Privacy Policy
