 Mail begin
If you are having trouble viewing this message or would like to
share it on a social network, you can
view the message online .
February 25, 2015
A Visit to the White
House
Yesterday I attended a bipartisan meeting at the White House to discuss
the need to modernize and reform our criminal justice
system.
President Obama invited me and several of my colleagues in
Congress
from both parties
to join him and Vice President Biden for
a conversation on how we can work together to address the challenges
of over-criminalization, over-incarceration, and over-sentencing in
America.
After a generation of tough-on-crime policies
helped make communities around the country safer, many of our federal
criminal justice laws are now out of date, counterproductive, and
unfair.
Laws that once were essential to community
safety have now become instrumental in community breakdown. Today, we
have far too many reformed offenders languishing behind bars, while their
families and neighborhoods are left with too few fathers, uncles, and
older brothers.
Given the immense financial and
human cost of our broken status quo, I was pleased to join President
Obama and my congressional colleagues for a dialogue to find bipartisan
solutions to these problems.
One of the solutions we
discussed was the Smarter Sentencing Act, a bill I recently
introduced in the Senate with my colleague Senator Dick Durbin, a liberal
Democrat from Illinois, which would
modernize our federal drug
sentencing laws and provide immediate relief to an overburdened prison
system.
The Smarter Sentencing Act is a common-sense
reform that will give judges the flexibility and discretion they need to
impose stiff sentences on the most serious drug lords and cartel
bosses, while enabling nonviolent offenders to return more quickly to the
families and communities that need them.
Today, I invited
Senator Cory Booker to join me on the Doug Wright Show to discuss our
meeting at the White House and also to discuss why this is an issue that
is uniting Democrats and Republicans. You can listen to the interview
below:
Listen to Senator Lee and Senator Booker Discuss Criminal
Justice Reform with the Doug Wright Show
Im hopeful
that the Senate will take up this bipartisan piece of legislation
sometime soon, and in the meantime I look forward to continuing to work with
my colleagues across the aisle to find sensible solutions to our
nations most pressing problems.
Share on Facebook Share on
Twitter
Washington, D.C. Office
316 Hart
Senate Office Building
Washington,
D.C., 20510
Phone: 202.224.5444
Fax: 202.228.1168
Salt Lake
City
Wallace F. Bennett Federal
Building
125 South State, Suite 4225
Salt
Lake City, UT 84138
Phone:
801.524.5933
Fax: 801.524.5730
St.
George
Office of Senator Michael S. Lee
285 West Tabernacle, Suite 200
St. George, UT
84770
Phone:
435.628.5514
Unsubscribe
|
Update My Profile
|
Privacy Policy
gateway mail end
