
Sunday, March 15, 2015
WEBSITE
|
FORWARD TO A FRIEND
| SHARE ON:
Make sure to enable photos in your email browser!
A s the United States Supreme Court weighed new challenges last week to President Obamas health care law, I'm pushing Congress to increase our own transparency under the law. My bill, the
Show Your Exemption Act
(H.R. 1011), would require members of Congress to publicly disclose their staffs exemption from Affordable Care Act (ACA) provisions.
Obamacare was written to include Congress, but Congress found a loophole. While passing legislation that forced millions of Americans to lose their health insurance, politicians in Washington D.C. found a way to protect their own staff from feeling the pain. The worst part? Its kept secret.
Read the Rest Here
The Fight Against Terror
Taking the Rise of ISIS Seriously
Click here to watch
Click here to watch
The threat of radical Islam is real, and growing. From the recent arrest right here in Cincinnati to Boko Haram's recent pledge to ISIS, we must confront and destroy this enemy.
As a member of the House Armed Services Committee, I continue to conduct oversight on our fight against ISIS and the recently proposed AUMF.
We need to answer serious questions in this fight, like how are our coalition partners helping in the fight against ISIS? Why are we publicly stating we won't use ground forces to fight ISIS, forecasting to the enemy what we may or may not do?
Recent Visits in
Ohio's 2nd District
Goshen High School
New England Club Veteran's group
Moeller High School
Lunch at Grammas Pizza!
Ohio River Valley Water Sanitation Commission
Cincinnati Rotary Club
Calling all High School Students!
High School Art Competition
- Deadline April 24th
Each spring, the Congressional Institute sponsors a nationwide high school art competition to recognize and encourage artistic talent in the nation and in each congressional district. I'm inviting all high school students in Ohio's Second Congressional District to enter the annual competition, and I look forward to seeing all the great entries!
&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt; ENTER HERE
Military Academy Day
- April 25th
Each year, my office hosts an
Academy Day
for prospective Academy students and their parents. The day consists of an Academy Fair, as well as a formal program featuring representatives from the U.S. Military Academy at West Point, the Naval Academy, the Air Force Academy, the Merchant Marine Academy, and the Coast Guard Academy.
The 2015 "Academy Day" will take place on
Saturday, April 25 th , at Anderson High School in Cincinnati. Registration and the Academy Fair will begin at 10 a.m., followed by the formal program at 11 a.m.
More details here.
Standing with Israel
&amp; Against a Nuclear Iran
Click here to watch
Israel is a close ally in a dangerous region of the world, and must stand strongly with them. We are seeing too vividly the threat of radical Islam as its depravity sweeps across the Middle East. Our partnership with Israel is built on the shared values of democracy, free enterprise, respect for life, and commitment to lasting peace. Last week, I welcomed Prime Minister Netanyahu as our steadfast ally in our commitment to freedom, democracy, and peace.
Quick Read: Legislative Update
I voted
NO on funding the President's executive amnesty , all 3 times
Glad to hear that the
ATF reversed their proposed bullet ban
I oppose the recent Net Neutrality regulations from the FCC
Coming Up:
The House of Representatives will propose our 2016 budget next week (spoiler alert: it'll balance in under 10 years)
Ready for Some Baseball!
I don't know about you, but I'm over the cold and snow of this winter and ready for the Reds baseball! I can still remember growing up listening to the games on The Big One WLW or the real first day of spring, which we all know is Opening Day. I can't wait for our Redlegs to make a run this season!
Who's your favorite Reds player of all time?
Let me know on twitter - tweet me at
@RepBradWenstrup
NOTE: Please DO NOT respond to this email as this inbox is unattended. To contact my office please
click here
Connect:
WASHINGTON, D.C. OFFICE
1318 Longworth H.O.B.
Washington, DC 20515
P:
(202) 225-3164
F:
(202) 225-1992
HAMILTON COUNTY OFFICE
7954 Beechmont Ave, Suite 200
Cincinnati, OH 45255
P:
(513) 474-7777
F:
(513) 605-1377
PEEBLES OFFICE
170 North Main St.
Peebles, OH 45660
P:
(513) 605-1380
F:
(937) 798-4024
UNION TOWNSHIP OFFICE
4350 Aicholtz Rd.
Cincinnati, OH 45245
P:
(513) 605-1389
UNSUBSCRIBE
|
PRIVACY POLICY
|
CONTACT US
Click Here Click Here