
FEB
20
News from Senator Kelly Ayotte's Office
Dear Friends
This week I joined the New Hampshire Air National Guard in welcoming Air Force Chief of Staff, General Mark Welsh, to Pease Air National Guard Base. During the visit, We discussed ongoing preparations for the arrival of the KC-46A air refueling tanker. I'm so proud of the men and women of the New Hampshire Air National Guard - whose superior performance made Pease the clear choice to be the first Air National Guard unit to receive the KC-46A. I look forward to continuing to work with the Air Force and the Guard to prepare for the arrival of the KC-46A and ensure everything remains on track.
Also this week, I hosted town hall meetings in Lee and Deerfield. I was glad to hear directly from residents in Strafford and Rockingham Counties and update them on my efforts to put America on a fiscally sustainable path and to help create a better economic climate for New Hampshire businesses to grow and create jobs.
As part of my continued efforts to address New Hampshire's drug addiction crisis, I recently helped reintroduce bipartisan legislation aimed at fighting addiction and supporting individuals in recovery.
The Comprehensive Addiction and Recovery Act (CARA) includes important steps to improve treatment for those struggling with addiction, increase prevention efforts, ensure law enforcement has greater access to tools to fight drug abuse, support those in recovery, and develop best practices for treatment, intervention, and pain management.
Too many families in New Hampshire have been affected by this epidemic, and I'll continue to work with treatment providers, health professionals, and first responders in our state on identifying the most effective ways to reverse this dangerous trend. See below for more.
In response to concerns from New Hampshire citizens, I was glad to
provide
several local libraries with tax forms so that individuals can complete their tax returns.
If you need help obtaining tax forms - or with any federal agency or issue - I'm here to help, and I encourage you to contact my office for assistance. Click
here
for info.
Finally, I'd like to extend my congratulations to Matt Louis, chef and owner of Moxy restaurant in Portsmouth, who was nominated as Best Chef in the Northeast by the James Beard Foundation. I'm so happy to see Granite Staters recognized for their outstanding talent.
Have a good weekend - and please read on for further news and updates from my office.
Ayotte Helps Welcome Air Force Chief of Staff to Pease
Senator Ayotte at Pease Air National Guard Base with General Mark Welsh, Betty Welsh, Brigadier General Carolyn Protzmann, Major General William Reddel and Rebekah Reddel
Senator Ayotte joined the New Hampshire Air National Guard this week in welcoming Air Force Chief of Staff, General Mark Welsh, to Pease Air National Guard Base. During the visit, they discussed preparations for the arrival of the KC-46A Pegasus air refueling tanker in 2018. General Welsh told members of the New Hampshire Air National Guard, "There's a reason that you're getting the KC-46, and it's not just the great support you had from your delegation, which you had. You earned it."
The New Hampshire Air National Guard's 157th Air Refueling Wing
competed
successfully to be the first Air National Guard unit in the country to receive the new KC-46A-beating out 82 other bases in the initial pool of candidate bases.
Since 2011, Ayotte has used letters, meetings, and Senate Armed Service Committee hearings to advocate for Pease and the 157th Air Refueling Wing to receive the KC-46A. Ayotte is a member of the Senate Armed Services Committee and currently serves as Chair of the Armed Services Subcommittee on Readiness and Management Support.
Read More
Ayotte Helps Reintroduce Bipartisan Bill to Combat Drug Addiction and Support Granite Staters in Recovery
Senator Ayotte is renewing her efforts to help turn the tide in the struggle against drug addiction and overdoses from prescription opioids and heroin. She recently joined her colleagues in the Senate in reintroducing the bipartisan Comprehensive Addiction and Recovery Act, which would provide a series of incentives and resources designed to encourage states and local communities to pursue a full array of proven strategies to combat addiction and support individuals in recovery.
Drug addiction and overdoses from prescription opioids and heroin are very serious problems in New Hampshire as families across the state have been affected by the epidemic. Last year, Courtney Griffin of Newton tragically lost her life due to a drug overdose after a years-long struggle with addiction. Her father, Doug Griffin, is committed to sharing her story in an effort to prevent similar tragedies. "I feel this piece of legislation is vital as the tidal wave of opioid addiction has washed across our state," Griffin said. "Recovery from addiction is possible and even probable with proper care and long-term treatment. It's time to remove the stigma and to treat those suffering with addiction with the care they deserve. These are ours sons and daughters and they need a path to recovery."
Read More
Ayotte Statement on the Situation in Ukraine
Senator Ayotte released the following statement today on Russia's continued aggression in Ukraine:
"This week's actions by Russian-backed separatists to seize control of Debaltseve prove that the ceasefire agreement is meaningless. Given Putin's continued aggression against Ukraine and his consistent willingness to flout prior commitments in Budapest and Minsk and to disregard international law, the administration must act immediately to provide defensive weapons to Ukraine and impose the harshest possible sanctions on the Kremlin.
Read More
Senator Ayotte also signed a bipartisan letter urging Secretary of State John Kerry to immediately tighten international sanctions against Russia and provide defensive weapons to Ukraine so it can defend its territorial sovereignty. The Senators called on Secretary Kerry to redouble efforts to ensure Ukraine's long term political and economic future in the face of Russian destabilization.
Read More
Ayotte, Blumenthal Urge Secretary of Defense to Disinter, Identify Remains of Unidentified Service Members Who Died Aboard USS Oklahoma at Pearl Harbor
In a recent letter to Secretary of Defense Ash Carter, Senators Ayotte and Blumenthal urged the Secretary to approve the disinterment and identification of remains of unidentified American service members who died aboard the USS Oklahoma during the attack on Pearl Harbor. Ayotte and Blumenthal requested that Carter take action that has been left unresolved by the Department of Defense and honor the requests of the families of the deceased for disinterment and identification of remains.
"In March of last year, many of our Senate colleagues joined us in sending a letter on behalf of our constituents requesting that the Department of Defense allow the exhumation and identification of the remains of 22 Sailors and Marines...so that they might be returned to their relatives for proper burial. Nearly nine months later, our constituents continue to wait for a decision," Ayotte and Blumenthal wrote. "We once again urge you to honor the requests of these family members, who have waited long enough to be reunited with their fallen heroes."
Read More
Ayotte Legislation Helps Deprive the Enemy of $9.8 Billion in Taxpayer Dollars
At a recent hearing before the Senate Armed Services Committee, Senator Ayotte questioned General John F. Campbell, Commander of U.S. Forces in Afghanistan, regarding legislation she has championed that has helped prevent U.S. contracting dollars from being funneled to our enemies. General Campbell told Senator Ayotte that her legislation was a "game changer," depriving our enemies of $9.8 billion in taxpayer dollars.
Read More
Photo of the Week
Senator Ayotte speaks to Deerfield residents during her Rockingham County Townhall
Warm Regards,
Kelly Ayotte
United States Senator
Email Kelly
Manchester Office
1200 Elm Street, Suite 2
Manchester, NH 03101 Phone:
603-622-7979
Nashua Office
144 Main Street
Nashua, NH 03060 Phone:
603-880-3335
North Country Office 19 Pleasant Street, Suite 13B
Berlin, NH 03570 Phone:
603-752-7702 Fax:
603-752-7704
Portsmouth Office
14 Manchester Square, Ste 140
Portsmouth, NH 03801 Phone:
603-436-7161
Washington, DC
144 Russell Senate Office Building
Washington, DC 20510
Phone:
202-224-3324
Email Kelly
|
ayotte.senate.gov
|
Unsubscribe
