
Rick's Weekly Report
To Sign up click
HERE
Friend,
The American people expect Congress to carry out its duty to protect the Constitution.
Thats why I voted this week to hold the President accountable for his unlawful overreach
on immigration . On Tuesday, I opposed the "clean"
Department of Homeland Security funding bill, because it did not include provisions to stop President Obama's executive actions.
The House acted weeks ago to pass a reasonable bill to fund the Department of Homeland Security and stop the Presidents unconstitutional executive amnesty. Yet, Senate Democrats repeatedly blocked the Houses efforts, all to protect the Presidents executive actions a federal court recently confirmed were illegal.
The President himself has said 22 times he did not have the authority to act unilaterally on immigration , and I could not support legislation that fails to hold the President accountable for his lawless actions. A federal judge in Texas has issued a temporary injunction blocking the President's efforts.
As this fight remains ongoing, I will continue to work with my colleagues to stand up for our Constitution and the rule of law.
This week, we also had the honor of welcoming Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu
to the House chamber for his address to Congress. As our closest ally in the region, Israel and the United States share a longstanding partnership, and it was important for Congress - and the American people - to hear directly from Prime Minister Netanyahu about the unacceptable threat posed by a nuclear Iran.
His strong message reinforced my firm belief that we must stand with Israel at this critical time and work together to stop Iran's dangerous efforts that threaten the safety of our nation, our allies, and the world.
After the speech, I appreciated the opportunity to meet with members of AIPAC to discuss the Prime Minister's powerful words.
Congressman Allen meets with members of AIPAC in his Washington, DC, office following Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu's address to Congress.
I'm also looking forward to visiting with folks in the 12th district at the
grand opening of my Augusta office this Monday, March 9, from 5:00-6:00 PM.
Constituent service is a top priority of mine, and my staff and I are here to help. See below for location and details - hope to see you there!
AUGUSTA OFFICE GRAND OPENING
Monday, March 9, 2015
5:00pm-6:00pm
2743 Perimeter Parkway
Bldg. 200, Suite 225
Augusta, GA 30909
Sincerely,
Rick Allen
Member of Congress
WEBSITE
|
UNSUBSCRIBE
|
CONTACT
Click Here Click Here