DOCTYPE html
February 8, 2015
Congressman McHenry Weekly Update
President Obama Releases FY2016 Budget
It was another busy week in Washington as President Obama released his budget proposal and both the House and Senate were in session.
The week began with the
release of President Obama's budget
which was a disappointment to say the least.
With 2.1 trillion in new taxes, $8.5 trillion in new debt, and no plan for it to ever balance, it does not represent a serious proposal and House Republicans plan to treat it as such.
Looking ahead, House Republicans plan to release and pass through both the House and Senate a realistic plan that helps grow the middle class while also dealing with the nation's runaway debt and deficits.
My full statement on President Obama's budget is
here .
The Family Care Savings Act
On Thursday I joined with my colleague Representative Grace Meng of New York to introduce H.R. 750, the Family Care Savings Act.
This bipartisan legislation aims to help families as they save for the care of their children and other loved ones.
H.R. 750 would increase the savings cap for dependent care FSAs allowing families to save more money, tax-free, for the care of children, elderly parents, or other family members who are incapable of caring for themselves.
The cost of care has risen dramatically since dependent care FSAs were originally created in 1986.
This common sense reform would acknowledge those budget realities.
You can learn more about H.R. 750 by clicking the image below.
Proud to Support
On the House floor this week, Republicans advanced three bills to help relieve the burden Washington has placed on Western North Carolina's small businesses.
The first was
H.R. 596 repealing Obamacare , a law that has hurt both individuals and small businesses.
This bill also acknowledges the failings of our healthcare system and requires the House to produce a replacement plan once Obamacare is repealed.
The House also considered and passed two bills to help small businesses deal with Washington's red tape.
The first,
H.R. 50
requires the federal government to disclose the true economic cost new regulations place on small businesses.
The second,
H.R. 527
further assists small businesses by giving them a greater voice in the federal regulatory process.
Both of these bills are common-sense reforms to the federal regulatory process that passed the House with bipartisan support.
I look forward to the Senate passing them and President Obama signing each into law.
What I Have Been Reading
The Big Lie: 5.6% Unemployment
Gallup
In his State of the Union address-- and most public speeches he has given lately-- President Obama touts the improving economy and falling unemployment rate.
This piece highlights the farce that is the oft-touted 5.6% unemployment rate as it fails to consider the long-term unemployed, permanently unemployed, and underemployed.
As any middle class American can attest, the economy is not as great as President Obama would like us to believe and this helps explain why.
8 North Carolinians receive French Legion of Honor
Raleigh News and Observer
The United States' first world ally was France dating back to the American Revolution.
That relationship was cemented as our brave men led the fight to liberate France from Nazi Germany during World War II.
This week eight of these brave men were honored for their courage when they received the French Legion of Honor at the State Capitol in Raleigh.
All eight are North Carolina residents who received France's highest honor for their bravery during the fight to liberate the French people.
Beer start-up keeping tap lines clean
Asheville Citizen-Times
Very cool story on an Asheville start-up that has capitalized on the cities booming craft beer scene.
Happy Tap NC cleans beer taps in restaurants, ensuring that your beer does not have a bad or stale taste left over from the previous beer that was tapped.
It is great to see the entrepreneurial spirit epitomized by the craft beer scene in Western North Carolina has led to other new businesses like Happy Tap NC.
WASHINGTON, D.C. OFFICE
2334 Rayburn HOB
Washington, D.C. 20515
Telephone: 202.225.2576
Fax: 202.225.0316
HICKORY DISTRICT OFFICE
87 4th St. NW, Ste A, PO Box 1830
Hickory, NC 28603
Telephone: 828.327.6100
Toll-Free in NC: 800.477.2576
Fax: 828.327.8311
GASTONIA DISTRICT OFFICE
Suite 115
Gaston Co. Administrative Bldg
128 West Main Avenue
Gastonia, NC 28053
Telephone: 704.833.0096
BLACK MTN. DISTRICT OFFICE
160 Midland Avenue
Black Mountain, NC 28711
Telephone: 828.669.0600
Click Here Click Here