
If you are having trouble viewing this
message or would like to share it on a social network, you can
view the message online .
March 18, 2015
Unsubscribe
Update My Profile
Website
|
About Doug
|
Constituent
Services
|
Issues &amp; Legislation
|
News
|
Contact Doug
Colorado Congressional
Delegation Expresses Commitment to Completing VA
Hospital
3/18/15
Following new cost estimates to complete the new VA
hospital in Aurora, the Colorado Congressional delegation today expressed
its commitment to working together on behalf of our veterans to ensure
the regional medical facility is
completed.
The VAs recent cost projections reflect the utter
mismanagement of the project from the start. After insisting to the
Congressional delegation and the veterans community that the project was
within its budget for years, the VAs latest projections are yet another
affront to both tax payers and our veterans community,
Senator Michael Bennet said.
Leaving this project unfinished
is obviously not a solution. We are committed to fulfilling this
promise to Colorado's veterans, and I have faith the Colorado delegation
and veterans community will continue to work together and with the
other regional stakeholders to ensure completion of this regional
hospital. The delegation will continue to demand greater accountability and
transparency at the VA.
The VA
should have completed the Aurora VA hospital on time and on budget.
They failed. But the punishment for that failure should not fall on
Colorado veterans,
Senator Cory
Gardner
said.
It is critically important for our veterans that this
project be completed and this hospital opened. Thats why Ive already
offered legislation to transfer the management of this project from the
VA to the Army Corps of Engineers, and thats why I will support
committing the resources required to complete the project. The United
States has no greater responsibility than taking care of those who have
served our country.
The
breathtaking amount of money needed to complete the new Denver VA facility
demonstrates two things. First and most immediately, Colorado
leadersespecially our Congressional delegationmust band together to make sure
this project is completed so that our veterans can access the
facilities and treatment they have earned. Second, the VA should never again
be involved with major construction projects,
Rep.
Diana
DeGette (CO-01)
said.
I am deeply concerned and disappointed by the
amount of additional funds the VA is requesting to complete the
construction of our Denver VA replacement medical center,
Rep.
Doug Lamborn (CO-05) said.
This is a critical facility
that our Colorado veterans have earned and need, so I remain committed
to ensure we bring the project to completion.
However, the
previous mismanagement and lack of construction supervision within the VA
clearly requires additional Congressional oversight to ensure better
accountability and determine the best way forward regarding the VAs
ability to build hospitals.
I'm
incredibly frustrated and angry about the $1.73 billion price tag for
the VA hospital in Aurora. The VA's mismanagement has plagued this
project since day one and the veterans and taxpayers are the ones paying
the price,
said Rep. Ed Perlmutter (CO-07).
We now have a final cost estimate on the project.
Our delegation
has its work cut out for us to get the additional funding, but our
veterans need and deserve this facility and I won't stop working until
they get it.
As much as Im
angered by the mismanagement of this project, as a combat veteran I know
that we have an obligation to see that this hospital is completed and
that everything that can be done will be done to bring down the cost,
that those responsible for these cost overruns are held accountable,
and that the necessary reforms are put in place to make sure that this
never happens again,
said Rep. Mike Coffman
(CO-06).
The delays and infighting
surrounding the construction of our Veterans Hospital are a prime
example of bureaucracy beating out the well-being of Colorado's veterans,
said Rep. Jared Polis (CO-02).
It is time for the VA
to move this project to the top of the list and do what it takes to
complete this hospital promptly and give the Coloradans who put their
lives on the line for us the facility and care they
deserve.
The mismanagement of this project by
the VA is an outrage, and its the American taxpayer and veterans
awaiting care that are most greatly impacted by the staggering cost and
construction delays.
Those VA officials that have been responsible
for these problems need to be held accountable, and this entire
process raises questions as to why the VA was ever involved in construction
in the first place,
said Rep. Scott Tipton (CO-03).
Im committed to working with my Colorado colleagues to ensure the
new Denver VA Hospital is completed for Colorados veterans and costs
are lowered where possible. With that we must be equally steadfast in
working to implement additional reforms to prevent this from ever
happening again with VA construction
programs.
Contact Info
WASHINGTON
OFFICE
2402 Rayburn HOB
Washington, DC 20515
Phone: (202) 225-4422
Fax: (202) 226-2638
DISTRICT OFFICE
1125 Kelly
Johnson Blvd., Suite 330
Colorado Springs, CO 80920
Phone:
(719) 520-0055
Fax: (719) 520-0840
DISTRICT OFFICE
415 Main Street
Buena Vista, CO 81211
Phone: (719)
520-0055
Fax: (719) 520-0840
Update My
Profile
-
Unsubscribe
-
Privacy Policy
gateway mail end
