
Congressman Capuano's
E-UPDATE
Follow me on Facebook
An update from the office of U.S. Representative Michael E. Capuano 7th Congressional District of Massachusetts
Thanks for subscribing to this periodic correspondence. We hope you find the information useful. As always, let us know your questions, comments or concerns. Our contact information is provided at the end of this
e-mail .
March 2, 2015
Homeland Security
Late last year the House passed legislation funding the federal government through the end of the current fiscal year. The Department of Homeland Security however, was
funded only through February 27 th
in order to give the new Congress an opportunity to take action on the Presidents Executive Orders on immigration. The House addressed this by advancing legislation to fund DHS through September 30 th
but prohibiting action to implement the Executive Orders. The Senate rejected this approach, voting simply to fund DHS through the end of the federal fiscal year. Republican House leadership has thus far refused to consider the Senate bill, even though it
would pass overwhelmingly. House Republican leaders instead brought to the floor a short term continuing resolution lasting through March 19 th
because the current funding agreement for DHS was set to expire on February 27th. That extension was rejected
and the House adjourned for hours while Republican leaders tried to figure out how to keep DHS funded. Ultimately, a one week extension was brought to the floor and it passed overwhelmingly. You will see in the vote chart below that a fairly large percentage
of Republicans refused to support even this modest extension. I voted YES and the entire vote is recorded below:
YEA
NAY
PRESENT
NOT VOTING
REPUBLICAN
183
55
0
6
DEMOCRAT
174
5
0
9
TOTAL
357
60
0
15
MASSACHUSETTS
9
0
0
0
Some Thoughts on the Homeland Security Vote
Last weeks difficulties funding the crucial work of DHS is emblematic of the larger struggles facing the House. The stated reason for holding up funding is to prevent
money from being spent implementing the Presidents Executive Orders on Immigration. I understand and it does not surprise me that many members on the other side of the aisle strongly oppose the Presidents actions. In fact, I would welcome a substantive debate
on how the country should address immigration reform. However, last weeks debate, in my opinion, wasnt really about immigration. If it was, why isnt the House considering separate immigration legislation?
Instead, this vote highlights the deep divide that exists amongst House Republicans
their conservatives and extremists. Too many extremists are willing to bring government
to a halt if they dont get precisely the legislation that they want. But thats not even the biggest problem
the biggest problem is that the 180 or so Republicans allow the 50 or so extremists within their own party to control the agenda. They allow this
even though a compromise with Democrats is possible, as in the Senate on this very issue. This is happening regularly and prevents any real effort toward compromise on any issue. I am not sure what will change this week but I hope that by Friday DHS is fully
funded through the end of the fiscal year.
College Savings
On Wednesday the House considered H.R. 529, to Amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to improve 529 plans. This legislation makes some improvements to 529 college savings
plans, which were established to help families save for college expenses. The money invested in a 529 account is used for qualified higher education expenses such as tuition and books. The investment gains are not taxed. H.R. 529 allows these funds to be
used for computers and related expenses. It also allows for the reinvestment of funds without penalty if they are the result of a tuition refund, as long as the funds are reinvested within 60 days. I voted YES. H.R. 529 passed and the entire vote is recorded
below:
YEA
NAY
PRESENT
NOT VOTING
REPUBLICAN
240
1
0
3
DEMOCRAT
161
19
0
8
TOTAL
401
20
0
11
MASSACHUSETTS
9
0
0
0
Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac
This week I reintroduced H.R. 1036: Let the GSEs Pay Us Back Act. This legislation gives Fannie
Mae and Freddie Mac, which are Government Sponsored Entities (GSEs), a mechanism to repay the money they owe Treasury. My legislation requires a new agreement to allow payments that Fannie and Freddie make to Treasury to count towards paying down their debt.
It will help make taxpayers whole on the money borrowed and will stop homeowners from being treated as piggy banks. I hope this bill will provide incentive to hasten reform of Fannie and Freddie. America needs affordable mortgages for average people and strong,
safe agencies to provide them.
This is the technical background: during the 2008 financial crisis, they received $187.5 billion
in taxpayer funds to stabilize their operations. Now, fees paid by middle-class homeowners to the GSEs are sent to Treasury to pay down this debt. By the first quarter of 2014, Fannie and Freddie had fully repaid the borrowed funds. By next month, they will
have returned over $228 billion to Treasury but NONE of it is counted towards the money owed to taxpayers for the bailout. Unless something changes, average homeowners will continue being forced to make payments toward a debt that never budges.
Originally, the two entities were required to pay quarterly dividends to Treasury on the borrowed
funds. In some quarters, Fannie and Freddie didnt have sufficient funds and had to borrow from Treasury in order to make their dividend payments to Treasury. In 2012, Treasury changed the agreement to fix this. Instead, Fannie and Freddie are now required
to return any and all quarterly profits to Treasury. But if all of their profits are turned over to Treasury and counted as dividends, they cant accumulate enough funds to pay down their debt.
Not counting the GSEs payments towards the principal they owe represents outrageous usury on homeowners.
If any other creditor refused to reduce the balance of a paying consumer, we would never tolerate it. AIG, GM and others were given the opportunity to pay back their debt from the financial crisis
and the U.S. has profited from these loans. Fannie and Freddie,
and by extension homeowners, should have the same chance.
Moreover, the GSEs payments should not go towards reducing the national debt. That burden should
be borne by all Americans. Homeowners should not be forced to pay more than their fair share. I spoke about this issue during a recent Financial Services Committee hearing, you can watch he re:
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=G3kx564aow0
College Ratings
Rep. Bob Goodlatte and I coauthored an opinion piece on our College Ratings resolution that I would like to share with you:
http://thehill.com/opinion/op-ed/233813-college-ratings-plan-not-the-answer
Whats up Next
Next votes will take place on Monday March 2 nd .
The House is expected to consider the Passenger Rail Reform and Investment Act as well as legislation to fund the Department of Homeland Security.
Congressman Mike Capuano
7th District, Massachusetts
Committee on Ethics
Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure
Committee on Financial Services
capuano.house.gov
P.S. I welcome your feedback on our e-Updates. Please let me and my staff know what you think of this service by
e-mailing
our office .
District Offices:
110 First Street, Cambridge, MA 02141
Roxbury Community College Campus Library, Room 211, Boston
Stetson Hall Room 124, 6 South Main Street, Randolph
District Office Phone:
(617) 621-6208
DC Office:
1414 Longworth Building, Washington, DC
20515
DC Office Phone:
(202) 225-5111
You have received this
e-mail
because you subscribed to Rep. Capuano's E-Mail Updates authorizing Rep. Capuano to send your inbox periodic
e-mail
updates from his Congressional office.
UNSUBSCRIBE : if you would like to unsubscribe from this newsletter, you may do so at this address:
http://capuano.house.gov/e-updates/unsubscribe.shtml .
PRIVACY POLICY : Your
e-mail
address will not be shared with anyone else or sold in any way. To read the complete privacy policy, visit:
http://capuano.house.gov/privacypolicy.shtml .
E-Updates are sent from an unattended mailbox. Please do not reply directly to this
e-mail . Instead, if you wish to
e-mail
us, please go to
http://capuano.house.gov/contact/ .
