
Dear Friend,
Thank you for signing up to receive my email newsletter. These
newsletters will cover a variety of topics, including events happening
in Indiana, legislation being considered in Congress, and my
perspective on current issues. My hope is to keep you updated and
informed on how issues in Washington may impact Hoosiers. I welcome
your feedback.
Thanks for reading,
Dan Coats
_____
Netanyahu Addresses Congress
On Tuesday, Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu spoke before a
joint meeting of Congress. It was an honor and a privilege to welcome
Prime Minister Netanyahu back to Capitol Hill at a crucial time. Israel
and the United States enjoy a long and prosperous friendship that
transcends politics and is cemented by our shared history, values,
strategic interests, cultural and religious heritage.
I agree with Prime Minister Netanyahu that the most direct threat to
world peace is a nuclear Iran. He articulated clearly why this threat
is of such significance and why the negative consequences of a bad deal
with Iran will impact the security and safety of all Americans. As the
Iranians continue their dangerous nuclear activities, it is vital that
Israel and the United States stand together to prevent Iran from
developing these capabilities.
Click here
or on the image above to watch me
discuss the Prime Minister's speech with CNN.
_____
Waste of the Week: Duplication in Federal Programs
In my second "Waste of the Week" speech, I discussed duplication in
federal programs. The Government Accountability Office found that there
are currently 52 federal programs to support entrepreneurs spread
between the Department of Agriculture, the Department of Commerce, the
Department of Housing and Urban Development and the U.S. Small Business
Administration.
All overlap with at least one other program in terms of the type of
assistance they are authorized to offer, such as financial assistance
through grants and loans or technical assistance through training and
counseling. This actually can be counterproductive for entrepreneurs.
They might be confused about which program or programs they qualify for
and which offer of federal assistance they need.
Streamlining the tools available for entrepreneurs, small businesses
and innovators would be beneficial to our economy and would save
taxpayer dollars. Cutting out duplication and inefficiencies in these
programs would help interested parties access available federal
services more effectively.
While it is impossible to know exactly how much could be saved through
consolidation and eliminating inefficiencies, some analysts project
that at least $200 million in savings over ten years could be generated
just on overhead and administration. We should look at actually
eliminating some of these duplicative programs altogether, increasing
the savings dramatically.
Click here
or on the image above to watch me
speak about this topic on the Senate floor.
Coats in the News
GOP senator: Secure Turkish-Syrian border
Sen. Coats to host regional roundtable
Watch: Senator Dan Coats Talks ISIS Strategy
Keystone veto override fails
Coats:
Jihadist enemy is at Europe's gate
_____
Stay Connected
_____
Coats with Hoosiers
I enjoyed meeting Ball State University students visiting DC.
After Prime Minister Netanyahu's speech, I spoke with Hoosier members
of AIPAC.
Paul Ferguson, president of Ball State University, stopped by the
Senate.
It was an honor to meet Hoosier members of AMVETS.
_____
To unsubscribe please
Click Here
Contact Me
Latest News
A message
from Senator Dan Coats
Dear
Friend,
Thank you for signing up to receive my email
newsletter. These newsletters will cover a variety of topics,
including
events happening in Indiana, legislation being
considered
in Congress, and my perspective on current issues.
My
hope is to keep you updated and informed on how issues in Washington may impact Hoosiers. I welcome your
feedback.
Thanks for reading,
Dan Coats
Netanyahu Addresses Congress
On
Tuesday, Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu spoke before a joint meeting of Congress. It was an
honor and a privilege to welcome Prime Minister Netanyahu back to Capitol Hill at a crucial time. Israel
and the United States enjoy a long and prosperous friendship that transcends politics and is cemented
by our shared history, values, strategic interests, cultural and religious heritage.
I agree with Prime Minister Netanyahu that the most direct threat to world peace is
a nuclear Iran. He articulated clearly why this threat is of such significance and why the negative consequences
of a bad deal with Iran will impact the security and safety of all Americans. As the Iranians continue
their dangerous nuclear activities, it is vital that Israel and the United States stand together to prevent
Iran from developing these capabilities.
Click
here
or on the
image above to watch me discuss the Prime Minister&#8217;s speech with CNN.
Waste
of the Week: Duplication in Federal Programs
In my second &#8220;Waste of the Week&#8221; speech, I discussed duplication in federal
programs. The Government Accountability Office found that there are currently 52 federal programs to
support entrepreneurs spread between the Department of Agriculture, the Department of Commerce, the Department
of Housing and Urban Development and the U.S. Small Business Administration.
All overlap with at least one other program in terms of the type of assistance they
are authorized to offer, such as financial assistance through grants and loans or technical assistance
through training and counseling. This actually can be counterproductive for entrepreneurs. They might
be confused about which program or programs they qualify for and which offer of federal assistance they
need.
Streamlining the tools available for entrepreneurs, small businesses and innovators
would be beneficial to our economy and would save taxpayer dollars. Cutting out duplication and inefficiencies
in these programs would help interested parties access available federal services more effectively.
While it is impossible to know exactly how much could be saved through consolidation
and eliminating inefficiencies, some analysts project that at least $200 million in savings over ten
years could be generated just on overhead and administration. We should look at actually eliminating
some of these duplicative programs altogether, increasing the savings dramatically.
Click
here
or on the
image above to watch me speak about this topic on the Senate floor.
Coats
in the News
GOP
senator: Secure Turkish-Syrian border
Sen.
Coats to host regional roundtable
Watch:
Senator Dan Coats Talks ISIS Strategy
Keystone
veto override fails
Coats:
Jihadist
enemy is at Europe's gate
Stay
Connected
Coats with Hoosiers
I
enjoyed meeting Ball State University students visiting DC.
After
Prime Minister Netanyahu's speech, I spoke with Hoosier members of AIPAC.
Paul
Ferguson, president of Ball State University, stopped by the Senate.
It
was an honor to meet Hoosier members of AMVETS.
To
unsubscribe please
Click
Here
Contact
Me Latest
News
