DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.0 Transitional//EN" "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml1/DTD/xhtml1-transitional.dtd"
Share on:
News Brief
Message from Dave
Dear Friends,
I hope you are all adjusting well to the time change this past weekend and looking forward to Spring! Its been a busy few weeks in DC and Washingtons 8 th
District.
The House passed a bill to
fund the Department of Homeland Security
through the end of the fiscal year; after several months of
calling on both parties
and
the Administration
to swiftly resolve the West Coast port negotiations, I was pleased to see
an agreement ;
the Ways and Means Committee also passed a bill which included a piece of legislation I co-authored to
make Medicare simpler
and improve patient access to healthcare.
Ive had several opportunities recently to discuss the importance of trade to Washington State. At a meeting with my colleagues from the Small Business Committee we heard from different small business owners about the importance of trade and the Export-Import Bank, and local business leaders
from the state recently shared some of their thoughts on trade and tax reform with me at a K&amp;L Gates luncheon. Earlier this week I was recognized by the Washington Council for International Trade as their
2014 Washington Trade Hero . It was a great honor since expanded trade greatly benefits our states economy and supports families and small businesses in our communities. In fact, we know this to be true with 40% of jobs in Washington tied to trade. Jobs tied to trade are well-paying
at 15-20% higher than jobs that are not connected to trade.
One of my favorite activities recently was being able to share my love of reading with third graders at the St. Joseph School in Issaquah as part of Read Across America which encourages children to read and invest in learning. Had I not been encouraged to finish my schooling and to never give up, I would not be where I am today. Similarly, it was a great pleasure to be able to call a young man from Renton earlier today to inform he had just received an appointment to the U.S. Air Force Academy and congratulate him on all his hard work. With so many things going on in the world, these are bright lights of hope and possibility for our future seeing how excited our next generation is about the future.
It is my job and my duty as your representative to continue working towards making the promise of the future a reality, ensuring that our children and our grandchildren have the best opportunities for success. That is my motivation each and every day as your
Congressman, and I look forward to hearing more from you about your ideas on how we can accomplish that goal together.
Sincerely,
Dave
From the
NEWSROOM
Rep. Reichert visited the Center for Sensorimotor Neural Engineering in honor of Traumatic Brain Injury Awareness Month and to learn more about their work
Rep. Reichert calls Alex Lesar from Renton to share the news that he had been appointed to the U.S. Air Force Academy
Other News:
-
Reichert Statement on Shooting of Ferguson Police Officers
-
Reichert, Pascrell Introduce Bill to Create National Blue Alert System
-
Reichert Statement on Averting DHS Shutdown
-
Resolution Urging End to West Coast Ports Slowdown Grows Rapidly
Website
|
Privacy
|
Contact
|
Multimedia
|
Newsroom
|
Click Here Click Here