DOCTYPE HTML PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD HTML 4.0 Transitional//EN"
Demanding More from the IRS
Once again tax season is upon us and millions of Americans are preparing to file their federal taxes with the Internal Revenue Service (IRS). This year, however, the process is proving more taxing than usual.
Explicitly stated in its mission statement, the purpose of the IRS is to provide Americas taxpayers top quality service by helping them understand and meet their tax responsibilities. But in January, IRS Commissioner John Koskinen announced that filers can expect delayed refunds, fewer audits and limited assistance for the 2015 tax cycle. Rather than live up to its mission, the agency has set up roadblocks and made it more difficult for Americans to perform their civic duty.
From unprecedented hold times on help hotlines to restricted access to filing instructions and forms, I have heard from dozens of you in the Fifth District on how these changes are inhibiting your ability to fulfill your tax filing requirements. Of great concern is the fact that these restrictions disproportionately affect those without the means to file electronically or the resources to use a professional filing service. And when those who are adversely impacted do their due diligence and call for assistance, they cannot even get through to an agency representative for help.
"The agency has set up roadblocks and made it more difficult for Americans to perform their civic duty."
While agency officials have politicized the problem by blaming budget cuts and claiming they are left to
do less with less,
the hardworking Americans who comply with their tax responsibilities each year deserve more than a blame-game. With our national debt surpassing $18 trillion, budget cuts are unpopular but necessary adjustments that challenge agencies to do
more
with less for the good of the country.
Three weeks ago,
I wrote a letter to Commissioner Koskinen
demanding answers on what the agency will do to address these problems and eagerly await a response. Additionally, I have met with local taxpayer advocates and contacted libraries in the Fifth District to discuss viable solutions for our constituents. I will continue to insist that the IRS do its job and do right by the American people.
Quick Links
Message From Jim
You are receiving this email because you are subscribed to the Update List. I am offering this service as a way for me to keep in touch with my constituents by providing timely updates on current events in the House.
Please do not reply to this email; if you would like to contact me click on "Email Me."
Events
Town Hall Meetings
Monday, February 23rd
10:00am - Johnson Creek Village Hall
10:45am - Helenville Fire Hall
11:30 am - Sullivan Village Hall
1:00pm - Palmyra Village Hall
7:00pm - Richfield Village Hall
WASHINGTON, DC OFFICE
2449 Rayburn HOB
Washington, DC 20515
T (202) 225-5101
BROOKFIELD, WI OFFICE
120 Bishops Way, #154
Brookfield, WI 53005
T (262) 784-1111
Click Here Click Here