
March 6, 2015
WEBSITE
|
FORWARD TO A FRIEND
| SHARE ON:
Kline's Corner: Empowering Our Veterans
In This Week's Kline's Corner
Holding the VA Accountable and Providing Choices
Helping Families Save for College
Hearing from an Important Global Ally
Your Safety is Not a Bargaining Chip
Empowering Our Veterans
Dear Friends,
As I shared with Minnesota members of Disabled American Veterans (DAV) last week when we met in my office, we must hold the VA accountable, and empower our veterans to take charge of their own health care. Last week, I voted for bipartisan legislation to give more freedom to our veterans in their health care decisions and bring common sense reforms to the VA by requiring employees who collected a bonus they didnt earn to pay it back. To learn more about these important bills, click
here .
Helping Families Save for College
Recently I shared with you information about 529 college savings accounts. These accounts help families across the country save for college. Almost 61,000 Minnesotans are saving for college with 529 accounts in the states plan, and families are saving more than $1.1 billion for college, reducing the need for student loans and helping them access college. Im pleased to share with you that
legislation I helped champion
to modernize 529 plans recently passed the U.S. House of Representatives. I encourage you to learn more about these plans by
visiting my website .
Hearing from an Important Global Ally
Weve seen again and again the real dangers posed to our nation by terrorist groups abroad
including recent threats close to home for Minnesotans
and throughout these challenges weve had a stalwart ally in Israel. The spread of ISIS and the threat of a nuclear Iran require a thoughtful and robust strategy that includes our allies, and I appreciated hearing from Prime Minister Netanyahu on our shared concerns. I remain committed to our unwavering partnership, and share the Prime Ministers aim that together "we face the future with confidence, strength, and hope."
Your Safety is Not a Bargaining Chip
While I remain committed to fighting the Presidents egregious overreach and disregard for the Constitutional limits of his office, the safety of Minnesotans and all Americans is not a bargaining chip. Congress has a responsibility to fund our government and defend our homeland, and the recent threat made to the Mall of America underscores the real dangers Islamist terrorists pose to our nation. Recently, I voted to ensure efforts to secure public safety in our communities continue by funding the Department of Homeland Security.
Have a great week!
John Kline
Member of Congress
TOP NEWS
John Kline Statement on the President's Veto of Bipartisan Keystone Legislation
Minnesota Congressman John Kline issued the following statement today after President Obama vetoed bipartisan legislation to approve construction of the Keystone XL Pipeline: "The Presidents veto today is more than just a hurdle to a critical energy infrastructure project that would create thousands of jobs, it is a rejection of bipartisan work to improve our national economy. The Minnesotans I represent continue to share with me that they expect their elected officials to work together to deliver common sense solutions that create jobs and better our communities, but the President sadly does not share their view..."
Read more .
UPDATE SUBSCRIPTION OPTIONS
|
PRIVACY POLICY
|
CONTACT US
Click Here Click Here