
Feb
13
News from Senator Ayotte's Office
Dear Friends,
As part of my ongoing efforts to ensure access to timely and quality health care for New Hampshire veterans, I questioned government watchdog officials at a Senate
hearing
this week about the need for greater accountability at the Department of Veterans Affairs (VA).
The hearing focused on a report that identified VA health care as one of two high-risk areas government-wide in need of increased oversight and accountability - especially when it comes to processing claims for non-VA care. The report's findings are particularly important in light of the Veterans Choice Card program, and I also reiterated my concerns with the VA's implementation of the Choice Card program in our state.
See below for details.
In response to recent concerns I've heard from Granite Staters about the lack of available tax forms, I wrote to the IRS commissioner this week to protest the agency's decision to severely limit the distribution of tax forms and instruction booklets to participating public libraries through the Tax Forms Outlet Program.
The IRS' decision defies logic - and with almost 20 percent of Granite Staters filing paper returns, I'm concerned the IRS' decision will prevent New Hampshire residents from being able to complete their tax returns. I've called on the IRS to take immediate steps to correct this problem. Scroll down to read more, and please
click here
to contact one of my state offices if you need help obtaining tax forms.
I'm pleased to report that the Senate Armed Services Committee approved legislation I introduced to restrict the transfers of dangerous terrorists from Guantanamo in order to best protect Americans and our national security. This bill would prevent the administration from transferring the most dangerous detainees to other countries and would prevent detainee transfers to Yemen - the headquarters of al Qaeda in the Arabian Peninsula (AQAP) and one of the most dangerous countries on earth. I hope this bill will be soon be considered on the Senate floor. Read on for more info.
As you may have seen in the news this week, President Obama submitted to Congress a request for an Authorization for the Use of Military Force (AUMF) against ISIS. While I am pleased he has finally sent his proposal to Congress, which has an important constitutional responsibility regarding the use of military force, I want to learn more about whether the president is prepared to fully execute an effective strategy to defeat ISIS under the terms of this AUMF.
Finally, I'd like to extend my congratulations to Windham High School music teacher Jared Cassedy on winning the Music Educator of the Year Award at the 57th Annual Grammy Awards last weekend. Click
here
to read more about Jared's outstanding commitment to music education for New Hampshire students.
With another winter storm heading our way this weekend, I hope you and your family stay safe and warm. Please read on for more news from my office - and photos from my stops today in Grafton County.
Ayotte Calls on the IRS to Provide NH Libraries with Tax Forms
In response to concerns raised by New Hampshire citizens, Senator Ayotte wrote to the IRS to protest the agency's recent decision to severely limit the distribution of tax forms and instruction booklets to participating public libraries through the Tax Forms Outlet Program (TFOP).
"While I understand that the IRS has to make difficult budgeting decisions, the decision not to provide libraries with these tax forms defies common sense and places an undue burden on New Hampshire's low-income and elderly taxpayers. I am very concerned that this will leave Granite Staters with no means to obtain the forms necessary to complete their tax returns. With almost twenty percent of Granite Staters personally filing paper returns, I request that the IRS provide the necessary forms and instruction booklets to participating libraries and IRS offices in New Hampshire as soon as possible."
Click
here
to read the letter.
Senate Panel Approves Ayotte Legislation on Guantanamo Detainees
This week, the Senate Armed Services Committee approved legislation authored by Senator Ayotte that extends and enhances prohibitions and limitations with respect to the transfer or release of individuals detained at the Guantanamo Bay detention facility. The Detaining Terrorists to Protect America Act of 2015 (S. 165) was approved by the full committee on a 14-12 vote.
The bill:
Extends for two years the Prohibition on Construction or Modification of Facilities in the U.S. to house Guantanamo detainees.
Extends for two years the Prohibition on Transfers to the U.S. of current Guantanamo detainees. New detainees could be placed at Guantanamo and later transferred to the U.S.
Suspends for two years International Transfers of detainees who have been assessed as a High or Medium Risk to the U.S., our interests, and our allies.
Prohibits for two years transfers to Yemen.
Repeals current international transfer provisions and would allow the international transfer of low risk detainees under the requirements of the FY 2013 National Defense Authorization Act.
It preserves the administration's ability to waive the requirements if it is in the national security interest of the U.S.
Increases transparency for the American people by requiring an unclassified report from the Secretary of Defense providing details about the previous terrorist activities of detainees who remain at Guantanamo.
Read more.
Ayotte Calls for Balanced Budget Amendment
Senator Ayotte, a member of the Senate Budget Committee, this week renewed her support for a Balanced Budget Amendment to the Constitution.
Since arriving in the Senate, Ayotte has supported multiple proposals calling for a Balanced Budget Amendment.
"One way to ensure that Washington ends its spending addiction and saves future generations from being crushed by massive debt is to establish a Balanced Budget Amendment to the Constitution," said Ayotte.
"Forty-nine states have some existing requirement to balance their budget, and the federal government should be no different. That's why I am once again co-sponsoring legislation calling for a Balanced Budget Amendment, which I believe is one of the most important budget reforms we can pass to reduce federal spending and put our nation on a path to fiscal sustainability."
Read more.
Ayotte Renews Support for Permanent Ban on Internet Access Taxes
This week, Senator Ayotte co-sponsored the bipartisan Internet Tax Freedom Forever Act (ITFA), which would permanently extend the current ban on Internet access taxes. She introduced similar legislation last Congress and has helped lead efforts in the Senate to keep the Internet free from onerous tax requirements. The Internet Tax Freedom Forever Act, which was introduced this week by Senators John Thune (R-SD) and Ron Wyden (D-OR), would prevent state and local governments from imposing new taxes on Internet access while prohibiting any multiple or discriminatory taxes on e-commerce. The current ban expires on September 30, 2015.
Ayotte has also fought to protect New Hampshire Internet businesses from online sales tax requirements, and she has led congressional opposition to the mis-named "Marketplace Fairness Act," which would require Internet businesses to collect sales taxes for nearly 10,000 jurisdictions across the country.
Read more.
Ayotte, Shaheen, Leahy, Sanders Call for Full Funding for Beyond Yellow Ribbon Program
Senator Ayotte joined Senators Shaheen, Leahy, and Sanders this week in calling on the Pentagon to continue its support of the Beyond Yellow Ribbon program, urging the department to utilize all allocated funding for the program. Last year, Congress appropriated $15 million for the Beyond Yellow Ribbon program which connects service men and women and their families with community support, including health care services, marriage and financial counseling, substance abuse treatment, suicide prevention resources, employment services, educational assistance, and more.
"As you have seen first-hand when you have visited state programs, Beyond Yellow Ribbon programs provide community-based outreach services that coordinate state and local resources into a single network to offer critical support to service members before, during, and after deployments. For several years, these programs have helped thousands of service members, veterans and their family members cope with the challenges associated with deployments and military service," the Senators wrote in a letter to Major General (Retired) Richard Wightman, Jr., Acting Assistant Secretary of Defense for Reserve Affairs.
At Senator Ayotte's invitation, Secretary Wightman
visited Manchester last September
to meet with New Hampshire National Guard officials, care coordinators, and service members and their families to discuss the Guard's Care Coordination Program, which receives funding through the Beyond Yellow Ribbon program.
Read more.
Ayotte Raises Concerns With Roll-Out of Veterans Choice Card Program at Senate Hearing
At a hearing Wednesday before the Senate Homeland Security &amp; Governmental Affairs Committee, Senator Ayotte questioned Government Accountability Office (GAO) officials regarding the need for greater accountability at the VA, and she reiterated her concerns with the VA's implementation of the Veterans Choice Card program in New Hampshire.
The hearing focused on the GAO's update to its 2015 List of High-Risk Government Programs, which added VA health care as one of two high-risk areas government-wide in need of additional oversight and accountability.
The report highlighted concerns with processing claims for non-VA care, following previous findings that revealed the VA currently does not have the capacity or appropriate data to assess the cost-effectiveness of non-VA care.
These revelations are particularly important in light of enactment of the Choice Card program, which was passed into law as part of the VA reform bill last year and includes a provision Ayotte and Senator Shaheen fought for that allows eligible veterans in New Hampshire the option to seek care from local non-VA health care providers.
Read more.
Photos of the Week
Enjoyed seeing members of the Laconia Fire Department today - thank you for your service!
Was honored to present Laconia Deputy Fire Chief Shawn Riley with a Congressional Record statement in memory of his late wife, Steph, who contributed so much to our state.
Taking questions from Grafton County residents at today's town hall meeting in Woodstock
Met with Leonard Campbell of Catholic Charities New Hampshire
Met with Kevin Callahan of TechAmerica and MJ Shoer of Jenaly Technology Group, Inc., based in Portsmouth
With representatives from Portsmouth Naval Shipyard's AFGE Local 2024
Warm Regards,
Kelly Ayotte
United States Senator
Email Kelly
Manchester Office
1200 Elm Street, Suite 2
Manchester, NH 03101 Phone:
603-622-7979
Nashua Office
144 Main Street
Nashua, NH 03060 Phone:
603-880-3335
North Country Office 19 Pleasant Street, Suite 13B
Berlin, NH 03570 Phone:
603-752-7702 Fax:
603-752-7704
Portsmouth Office
14 Manchester Square, Ste 140
Portsmouth, NH 03801 Phone:
603-436-7161
Washington, DC
144 Russell Senate Office Building
Washington, DC 20510
Phone:
202-224-3324
Email Kelly
|
ayotte.senate.gov
|
Unsubscribe
