
If you
are having trouble viewing this message or would like to share it on a
social network, you can
view the message online .
March 11, 2015
Unsubscribe
Update My
Profile
Website
|
About Doug
|
Constituent Services
|
Issues &amp;
Legislation
|
News
|
Contact Doug
Senate Veterans Affairs Committee Commits to
Site Visit at Aurora VA Hospital Following Colorado Delegation
Request
Full Delegation Requested Committee to Look into
Mismanagement, Cost Overruns
3/11/15
The Colorado Congressional
delegation today welcomed the Senate Veterans Affairs Committees
pledge to work with the delegation to schedule a field hearing and site
visit to the Aurora VA Hospital. The delegation sent a bipartisan
letter to the committee's chairman, Senator Johnny Isakson (R-GA), and
ranking member, Senator Richard Blumenthal (D-CT), last month requesting
the visit to look into the mismanagement that has delayed construction
of the facility.
We appreciate the committee's willingness to
come to Colorado and devote time and attention to this project, Bennet
said. Our veterans have waited long enough for the facility they were
promised and have earned. And, workers at the site need certainty that
construction wont be halted. The visit and field hearing will help
us hold the VA accountable, impress upon the committee the urgent need
to finish construction, and build support in Congress for approval of
the steps necessary to do
so.
Im pleased that the Senate Veterans
Affairs Committee is recognizing the seriousness of the issues facing the
Eastern Colorado Health Care System Replacement Facility
(Denver
Replacement Facility), Gardner said. Our veterans deserve the
absolute best care that we can provide, and its critically important that
the Senators with oversight of the VA come to Colorado to see how
veterans are being harmed by the terrible mismanagement of this project.
From there, we can all work towards a solution that provides every
resource needed by the men and women who have served our country so
bravely.
Of all of the issues and challenges facing the VA, the mess at the
Aurora facility has stood out, and I am glad that the Colorado
Congressional delegations joint efforts are getting the attention we seek,
DeGette said. This hearing will shine an additional spotlight on what
has gone wrong, and we must continue to work together so that everyone
understands the full scope of this problem and buys into the best
solution to fix
it.
I appreciate the decision by the SVAC and thank you to
all of my colleagues in the Colorado delegation for participating in
this important effort, Lamborn said. This field hearing will be an
important step toward ensuring that our brave veterans receive the care
that they have
earned.
Im pleased the Senate Veterans Affairs Committee
is moving forward with a site visit to the Aurora VA hospital, said
Rep. Perlmutter. This is an important step to fully fund and complete
the project as quickly and efficiently as possible to serve the
veterans across the Rocky Mountain
region.
I am glad the Senate is finally
taking action on this critical issue, said Rep. Mike Coffman, a Marine
Corps combat veteran and Chairman of the House Veterans Affairs
Subcommittee on Oversight and Investigations. Our veterans deserve a 21st
century hospital and our taxpayers deserve a VA that is better stewards
of their hard earned tax dollars. We need action on this hospital and
I am encouraged to see more involvement from the
Senate.
Our veterans in
Colorado have waited far too long as the VA has worked through
bureaucratic issues and construction disputes over the past several years,
said Rep. Jared Polis. This Senate Veterans Affairs Committee field
hearing and site visit will shine a light on the need to complete this
project promptly so that the Coloradans who put their lives on the
line for us have access to the facilities and care they
deserve.
With
delays, significant cost overruns, and mismanagement par for the course on
this project, if ever there was a need for a Congressional oversight
hearing, this is it. Veterans deserve better than the continued issues
plaguing the Denver Replacement Facility, said Tipton. I look
forward to working with my Colorado colleagues, Chairman Isakson and Ranking
Member Blumenthal to get construction on track and advance further
needed reforms to prevent similar problems from happening in the future
with VA construction
programs.
The problems plaguing the construction of
the Denver Replacement Facility merit congressional oversight.
Projects of this kind should be completed in a timely and fiscally
responsible manner, said Congressman Buck. Im glad Sens. Bennet and Gardner
have taken a proactive role in ensuring the mismanagement of the
project is addressed moving forward.
Contact Info
WASHINGTON OFFICE
2402 Rayburn HOB
Washington, DC 20515
Phone:
(202) 225-4422
Fax: (202) 226-2638
DISTRICT OFFICE
1125 Kelly Johnson
Blvd., Suite 330
Colorado Springs, CO 80920
Phone: (719)
520-0055
Fax: (719) 520-0840
DISTRICT OFFICE
415 Main
Street
Buena Vista, CO 81211
Phone: (719) 520-0055
Fax: (719) 520-0840
Update My Profile
-
Unsubscribe
-
Privacy Policy
