
HOME
|
About Mike
|
Contact YOUR Office
|
Serving You
|
Newsroom
|
Legislative Work
|
4th District
|
Resources
WEBSITE
| SHARE ON:
Greetings,
The weeks I get to spend at home in Kansas are, by far, my favorite.
Meeting and listening to you provides me with the knowledge I need when I head back to Washington, D.C.
This week I enjoyed catching up with many of you to hear your thoughts about what is going on in your lives, around Kansas, and your concerns about what is taking place around the world.
Many of you thanked me for my support of our warriors who are protecting us from radical Islamists and so many other threats.
I shared with you the dangerousness of the Presidents proposed Authorization for Use of Military Force.
The threat from the Middle East is much larger than just ISIS and must be confronted now and over there, not later and over here.
I was hosted by Pastors Mike Andrus and Phil Thengvall and First Evangelical Free Church in Wichita where I met with a seniors group in their chapel.
They allowed me to share my faith journey, my observations about faith in Washington, D.C. and how the American Judeo-Christian history has made our nation exceptional.
I assured them that there are men and women of faith in Congress who are working every day to restore America and set us back on the right path.
Speaking at First E. Free Church.
Susan and I visiting with members of the seniors group.
I also had the opportunity to speak at the monthly meeting of the Wichita Association of Petroleum Landmen.
We talked about energy regulations and what energy abundance can mean to Kansas and America.
We need to unleash these resources to get our economy cranked up and make energy affordable for working class Americans.
Speaking with the Wichita Association of Petroleum Landsmen.
Nestor Weigand and I discussing current events.
I continued my mission to visit every high school in the Fourth District of Kansas
this week visiting a group of talented leaders at Kapaun Mt. Carmel Catholic High School in Wichita.
I met with their Student Council members and the members of their leadership club.
It is always inspiring to hear from the next generation of leaders and learn what is on their minds.
This group had questions ranging from immigration to our national security.
One student asked me about the role of compromise in the federal government.
I responded by explaining how I live in the world of the possible every day, but never sacrifice on the promises I made to them and their parents when I ran for office.
Speaking to Kapaun Mt. Carmel student leaders about living in the world of the possible.
Interacting with the people of the Fourth District is essential to my ability to represent Kansans in Washington.
If you would like me to speak at an event or visit your place of business, please contact my office at (316) 262-8992.
Also, I will also be holding regular Tele-Town Halls, in which you can participate in a live conference call with me, hear about current events, and ask me questions.
If you would like to participate in these Tele-Town Halls, please
click here .
Sincerely,
Mike Pompeo
Member of Congress
Connect With Mike
NOTE: Please
DO NOT
respond to this email as this
inbox is unattended . To contact my office please
click here
WASHINGTON, DC OFFICE
436 Cannon HOB
Washington, DC 20515
Phone:
(202) 225-6216
Fax:
(202) 225-3489
WICHITA, KS OFFICE
7701 E. Kellogg, Suite 510
Wichita, KS 67207
Phone:
(316) 262-8992
Fax:
(316) 262-5309
UPDATE SUBSCRIPTION OPTIONS
|
PRIVACY POLICY
|
CONTACT US
Click Here Click Here