
If you are having trouble viewing this message or would like to share
it on a social network, you can
view the message online .
HOME
ABOUT
RENEE
2ND DISTRICT
NEWSROOM
CONSTITUENT SERVICES
LEGISLATION
CONTACT
US
February 15, 2015
Picture
of the Week:
I am so thankful for the wonderful friends
and coworkers who mailed me letters and passed along well-wishes in
honor of my birthday this week. These beautiful tulips are from my good
friend and colleague, Representative Martha Roby from Alabama. Thank
you to everyone who reached out to
me!
This week
marks our sixth consecutive week of session in the U.S. House of
Representatives- and marks six weeks that we have been hard at work focused
on your priorities and working to make every day easier on all
Americans. It was a proud moment when Congress formally passed the Keystone
Pipeline and sent it to the President's desk to be signed into law. For
at least 42,000 Americans, this legislation would mean good-paying
jobs and would push our nation closer to the notion of energy
independence. With more than 60 percent of Americans in favor of the Keystone
Pipeline, I am hopeful the President will put politics aside and sign
this long-overdue legislation into law.
I also worked with my colleague, G.K.
Butterfield,
to introduce
legislation
that would streamline the approval process for
life-saving vaccines. This timely, bipartisan legislation will ensure a smoother
and more-efficient approval process for discovering, developing and
delivering vaccines to the general public. Given the re-emergence of
diseases like Measles and Small Pox, it is clear that this legislation
is needed to safeguard public health.
The Fayetteville Observer
wrote an
article on this legislation called "The Vaccine Access, Certainty, and
Innovation Act of 2015."
I hope you will continue to reach out to staff in our
Asheboro, Dunn, and D.C. Offices if we can ever be of assistance to you.
Whether you have a question on legislation or need assistance with a
government agency, we are here to serve you!
Meeting with Fayetteville Technical Community
College:
I stepped out of my first Energy and Power Subcommittee
Hearing this week to take a meeting with Dr. Larry Keen, the President
of Fayetteville Technical Community College and Trustee Dolores
Ingram. We had the opportunity to talk about the incredible community
college system in North Carolina. I'm so proud to represent the hard-working
students and professors at Fayetteville
Tech.
Recent Legislation on Vaccinations:
After introducing legislation last week that
would streamline the approval process for life-saving vaccines, I had the
opportunity to write an op-ed for a publication called
The
Hill . I have included an excerpt below but hope you will read the full
piece
here :
"Before coming to office in 2010, I had the honor of serving
our country and working to protect Americans, but in a different
capacity. I donned scrubs and tennis shoes, and I served the American people
as a nurse working in a hospital setting.
Without question, vaccines are one of the most important
contributions to public health in the history of medicine. Over the
last several decades, public health has improved greatly, and much of
this has to do with advances and developments made within the vaccine
industry. It remains one of the most significant ways to prevent the
spread of disease, and benefits the community as a whole, as it protects
both the individual who was vaccinated and those who may come into
contact with the potential
carrier."
Attending the 17th Annual BIO
Conference:
I sat down with BIO President and CEO (Biotechnolgy Industry
Organization) Jim Greenwood to discuss the
Energy &amp; Commerce Committee's 21st Century Cures
Initiative
and my new legislation to expedite the approval
process for vaccinations. I hope you will
click here
or on the picture above to watch our
conversation.
Share on Twitter Share on Facebook
Washington, DC
1210 Longworth HOB
Washington, DC 20515
Phone:
(202) 225-4531
Fax: (202) 225-5662
Dunn NC
406 W. Broad Street
Dunn, NC 28334
Phone: (910) 230-1910
Fax:
(910) 230-1940
Asheboro, NC
222 Sunset Avenue, Suite 101
Asheboro, North Carolina 27203
Phone: (336) 626-3060
Fax: (336)
629-7819
Toll
Free in NC:
1-877-645-8764
Unsubscribe
|
Update My Profile
|
Privacy Policy
gateway mail end 