DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.0 Transitional//EN" "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml1/DTD/xhtml1-transitional.dtd"
If you are having trouble reading this email,
please view the web version .
Health Secretary Testifies in Front of Subcommittee
Yesterday, Health and Human Services Secretary Sylvia Burwell testified in front of a Health Subcommittee hearing. I asked the secretary about possible preparations for the Supreme Court decision in King v. Burwell. Secretary Burwell maintained that there is no plan to take action should the court strike down Obamacare tax subsidies in the 34 states with federal health exchanges. This simply doesnt sound plausible. This administration and the secretary herself promised transparency, yet they wont discuss what could happen if their plans for Obamacare are upset by the courts decision. To view my opening statement from the hearing,
CLICK HERE . To view my questions for the Secretary,
CLICK HERE .
My Bill to Eliminate Obamacare Slush Fund
This week, I reintroduced a bill that would eliminate the Obamacare Public Health and Prevention Fund. This is a fund that is set to spend billions of dollars with no Congressional oversight. In 2013, the administration used hundreds of millions of dollars from this fund to prop up Obamacare and air ads supporting enrollment. There has also been wasteful spending on things like signs for bike trails and spaying and neutering pets. Those arent really public health programs. This fund is outside of the annual budget administered by Congress. We have no say how the money is spent. That is a recipe for waste. Over the past few years, weve reduced some of the money in the fund, but we need to eliminate it completely. Its just one of the many bad ideas in the health care law.
Draft Legislation to Renew Childrens Health Insurance Program
The State Childrens Health Insurance Program, or SCHIP, was originally created by Republicans in the 90s and is set to expire at the end of September. This week, I began the process of renewing the program by introducing draft legislation with my House and Senate colleagues. If the program were to expire, millions of kids would end up in the Medicaid program or in Obamacare exchanges. This would actually be more expensive for the government and would give them worse coverage. Our draft legislation would require no additional funding to keep the program running. This is in stark contrast to a bill introduced by Democrats last week that would cost more than $10 billion. To read more about this draft,
CLICK HERE .
Op-ed of the Week: Behind Closed Doors
There is a great deal of conflict right now between Congress, the courts, and the President. The various executive actions and rulemaking by President Obama over the past years and months have ignited firestorms of litigation and broken trust with lawmakers.
READ MORE
Facebook
Podcast
Tell Joe Your Opinion
Issues
The 16th District
Ask Joe For Help
The Government
Legislation
Press
About Joe Pitts
Photo Gallery
Please feel free to
forward this email to your friends and family .
Recent Videos
Protection from Obamacare Hacks
Rep. Pitts discusses his bill to promptly inform consumers if Obamacare exchanges are hacked.
Obamacare Hurts Local Schools
Rep. Pitts speaks in support of the bill repealing Obamacare, noting that the bill is hurting local schools.
Washington, D.C. Office
420 Cannon House Office Building
Washington, DC 20515
(1st Street and Independence Avenue)
202-225-2411
202-225-2013 (fax)
Chester County Office
Post Office Box 837
Unionville, PA 19375
(Routes 82 and 926)
610-444-4581
610-444-5750 (fax)
Lancaster Office
150 North Queen Street
Suite 716 (7th floor)
Lancaster, PA 17603
717-393-0667
717-393-0924 (fax)
Click Here Click Here