
Can't see the pictures? Select "Always display images" or
view this message in your browser .
Work Harder for Less?
Work Harder for Less?
Our budgets are nothing less than a statement of our values. The Republican Budget released this week makes their values clear: big tax breaks for the ultra-wealthy and no concern for the challenges faced by hardworking Americans.
Not only does this latest Republican budget fail to address the dangerous impact of the sequester on domestic priorities this year, it inflicts in future years even deeper cuts on the critical investments we need to keep America number one in the global economy.
Once again, it would end the
Medicare guarantee , turning Medicare into a
voucher program , and force current seniors to
pay more
for preventive services.
The budget will make it harder to live the American Dream &ndash; harder to buy a home, harder to send a child to college, and harder to enjoy a secure and dignified retirement.
House Democrats believe in a budget that invests in the families who are the backbone of our country, not
a plan
that abandons hardworking Americans.
We will continue to make the case for Congress to focus on bigger paychecks and better infrastructure for every American family.
To follow Congresswoman Pelosi on Instagram, please
click here .
Your Taxes, Made Simple
With the April 15th tax deadline just around the corner, there are several resources available to help make this year&rsquo;s filing process easier than ever. Click here to view my
2015 tax newsletter , which includes helpful
IRS resources
to assist you with filing your tax return.
It is important to note that on this year&rsquo;s tax return, for the first time, you will need to provide information on the type of health care coverage you received in 2014. To find out how your health care coverage affects your filing process this tax season, visit the
Health Care Coverage Tax Information
section of my newsletter. If you did not realize there was a
tax penalty for not obtaining health care coverage
in 2014, or learned you may face a penalty in 2015, you may still enroll in a plan through Covered California until April 30, 2015. Applicants must attest to the fact that they did not realize there was a tax penalty by selecting &ldquo;Informed of Tax Penalty Risk&rdquo; within a dropdown menu at
CoveredCA.com .
To follow Congresswoman Pelosi on twitter, please click
here .
Please feel free to
forward this information to your family and friends . To learn more about these efforts, to express your views, or to sign up for email updates,
please visit my website .
best regards,
This mailing was prepared, published and mailed at taxpayer expense
Unsubscribe
WASHINGTON, DC
233 Cannon HOB
Washington, DC 20515
Phone: (202) 225-4965
Map it!
DISTRICT OFFICE
90 7th Street, Suite 2-800
San Francisco, CA 94103
Phone: (415) 556-4862
Map it!
