DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.0 Transitional//EN" "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml1/DTD/xhtml1-transitional.dtd"
March 6, 2015
Visit My Website
|
Forward to a Friend
| Find me on:
Marchant Votes 'No' on Clean DHS Bill
I voted against legislation to fund the Department of Homeland Security through the end of the fiscal year because it failed to deny funding for the presidents unilateral amnesty. The bill, as amended by the Senate, removed critical language originally in the House version that would have stopped the presidents executive actions. I was open to finding a solution to fully fund DHS through a conference committee, but I simply could not support legislation that continues to fund the presidents executive actions. I remain committed to stopping the presidents unilateral amnesty in any way possible.
To view the recorded vote, please click
here . My full statement can be found
here .
New Legislation Requiring Greater IRS Transparency
I have introduced
H.R. 1152 , legislation that would prohibit IRS officers and employees from using personal email accounts for official business. The Ways and Means Committee investigation into IRS political targeting,
revealed that, among other abuses, one of the agencys top officials used her personal email address for official business. She put confidential taxpayer information at direct risk of falling into the wrong hands. This is a breach of IRS protocol and betrays the trust of the American people. It should be against the law.
The last thing hardworking taxpayers should have to worry about is the security of their confidential information being compromised due to IRS negligence or abuse. My bill shines a light on the problem, takes action to solve it, and helps prevent IRS harassment of taxpayers from ever happening again.
Protecting 2nd Amendment Rights
Like many of you, I have serious objections to the administrations proposed ban on M855 green tip ammunition. The proposal by the Bureau of Alcohol, Tobacco, Firearms, and Explosives (BATFE) is overly broad and risks sweeping up many forms of ammunition commonly used by law-abiding citizens. I also find it to be a direct infringement upon the Second Amendment.
I have personally called for the administration to drop this proposed ammo ban. I also cosigned a letter with 237 other members that reinforces my message and exposes the flaws in the proposal. We must continue working to stop this ammo ban and protect the Second Amendment rights of the American people.
My letter calling for the administration to drop the ammo ban can be found
here . The 238-member letter can be found
here .
Israeli Prime Minister's Addresses Congress
Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahus powerful address to Congress reinforced the growing threats our two nations face and the importance of our continued partnership. It is critical that the U.S. stand strong with Israel in pressuring Iran to permanently abandon its nuclear ambitions. Our undivided support is not just important for the U.S.-Israel relationship
it is crucial to the survival of Israel itself.
My full statement on the Prime Minister's address can be found
here .
FULL VIDEO: Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu's Address to Congress
Following Prime Minister Netanyahu's speech, I met with a group of constituents from the American Israel Public Affairs Committee (AIPAC). I appreciate their input on ways we can strengthen the U.S.-Israel relationship during such an important time for our two nations.
Carrollton School Honored for Academic Excellence
Congratulations to McCoy Elementary School of Carrollton for being named a 2014 National Blue Ribbon School. This award recognizes McCoy as one of our nation's highest achieving schools and inspires other schools around the country to replicate their their successful practices. Outstanding work by all of McCoy's students, teachers, and parents!
At McCoy's Blue Ribbon award ceremony this past week, my office presented the school with a signed copy of my official remarks recognizing their achievement. My remarks as entered into the Congressional Record can be read
here .
Click the "Like" button and follow me on Facebook to get daily updates on how I am serving you and the 24th District of Texas.
It is an honor to represent you in Washington and I value your input. Please don't hesitate to contact one of my offices or
send me an email .
UPDATE SUBSCRIPTION OPTIONS
|
PRIVACY POLICY
|
CONTACT US
