
If you are having trouble
viewing this message or would like to share it on a social network, you can
view the message
online .
About Lynn
|
Constituent Services
|
Issues
|
Media Center
|
Legislative Center
|
Georgia's Third District
|
Contact Me
March 22, 2015
Capitol Corner: Clinton Emails: More Questions
Than Answers
The drama
surrounding Hillary Clintons use of personal emails for official State
Department business dumbfounded both lawmakers and citizens. Why would a White
House cabinet member not store her emails on a government server? Why
does she have her own personal server? And when Clinton finally
decided to address the scandal, her attitude of indifference was similar to
the 2013 congressional hearing where she famously stated, What
difference does it make? Her press conference on March 10 raised many more
questions than provided
answers.
Clinton claimed her decision to use two personal email addresses
instead of a government address was merely out of convenience and
looking back, it might have been smarter to use a government email
address. She confirmed that she and her team were responsible for deeming
what was considered official business out of the thousands of
emails stored on her private server. Clinton also made the point that, as
Secretary of the State Department, she never sent classified documents
over email, which I find very hard to believe. Her statements caused
concern over the integrity of her team on the document release, as well
as the content of the emails she and her team decided were personal
and therefore, deleted. Not to mention, the national security risks
she took by not using a federal server designed for safeguarding any
sensitive material.
Drama
aside, the Select Committee on Benghazi will stay focused on the task
it was designed to do. These revelations have been a result of the
investigation itself and give credence to this committee being formed in
the first place. The mission is to find all the facts leading up to,
during, and after the attack
period. Chairman Gowdy swiftly
requested the server be turned over to an independent, third party, and that
Clinton make herself available to testify before the committee on two
separate occasions to answer questions. The emails she deemed
official have many gaps and months missing that could pertain to the
investigation, including that day the infamous photo of Mrs. Clinton on her
cellphone aboard a C-17 military plane during a trip to Libya. We are
filling in gaps and on the right path towards finding all the facts. I
look forward to continue working with Chairman Gowdy and the members of
the Select Committee to use all information available to find all the
facts of what happened that night in
Benghazi.
Share on Facebook
Share on Twitter
Westmoreland Announces Mobile Office
Hours in Peachtree City,
Hamilton
My staff will be holding mobile office hours on
Thursday, March 26 in Peachtree City and Hamilton, GA. Our district
office is permanently located in Newnan, and the mobile office hours
serve as an opportunity for constituents to speak with a representative
from my office in a location closer to their home. Constituents may
attend the mobile office hours to gather more information on the
services the district office
provides , and how to get
help with a
federal
agency .
I will also be accepting applications for
Service Academy nominations
in the upcoming months,
and encourages any high school student or parent to attend and learn
more about the application
process.
I strongly encourage the good people of Georgias Third
Congressional District to take advantage of these mobile office hours. Federal
agencies can be difficult to navigate on your own and this is an
opportunity for anyone struggling with an agency, such as the VA or IRS, to
get more information on how we can help. I want the Third District to
know that serving them is my highest honor and responsibility, and I
thank my staff for holding these mobile hours in Peachtree City and
Hamilton to better serve
you.
Peachtree City mobile office hours will be held by my Field
Representative Matt Brass, and the Hamilton office hours will be held by Field
Representative Theresa
Robertson.
Peachtree City Office Hours with Matt
Brass
Thursday, March 26th, 2015
9:00am -
12:30pm
The City Hall of Peachtree City in Mayor
Vanessa Fleischs office
151 Willowbend
Road
Peachtree City,
GA
Hamilton Office Hours with Theresa
Robertson
Thursday, March 26th, 2015
9:00am
12:30pm
Harris County Library
138 Old College
Street
Hamilton,
GA
If you are unable to attend these office hours and need help with
a federal agency or have questions about Service Academy nominations,
please contact my Newnan District Office at 770-683-2033 or visit
www.Westmoreland.House.gov .
Share on
Facebook
Share on Twitter
Join
the Conversation
Tell a
Friend
E-mail:
In
Other News
VIDEO: Westmoreland at Financial Independence
Hearing
On Wednesday, March 18, 2015, Congressman
Lynn Westmoreland (R-GA) questioned the witnesses about protecting
consumer choice and financial independence for all...
VIDEO: Westomoreland Calls for
Independent Review of Clinton's Server
On Sunday,
March 15, 2015, Congressman Lynn Westmoreland joined Fox News'
America's News HQ to call for an independent review of Hillary Clinton's email
server...
Westmoreland: TSYS Executive Testifies at House Intel Cyber
Threats Hearing
Today, Congressman Lynn Westmoreland
welcomed TSYS executive, John Latimer, to the House Permanent Select
Committee on Intelligences (HPSCI) open hearing on examining the
growing cyber threats and its impact on American
business.
Westmoreland: House
Members Announce New Congressional Payments Technology
Caucus
Representatives Lynn Westmoreland (GA-03), Randy
Neugebauer (TX-19), David Scott (GA-13), and Kyrsten Sinema (AZ-09) of the U.S.
House of Representatives have announced the formation of the
Congressional Payments Technology Caucus (CPTC)...
Reminder: Registration for Academy Day Now
Open
I invite you to meet representatives of
Americas Service Academies on Saturday, May 9th from 10:00 a.m. until
11:30 a.m. at Dobbins Air Reserve Base in Marietta,
Ga
The Hill: House Intel
panel closing in on cyber bill
The House
Intelligence Committee is in the calm before the storm on cyber
legislation...
Georgia
Bankers: Westmoreland and Scott Help Form New Payments Tech
Caucus
Georgia Reps. Lynn Westmoreland (GA-03) and David
Scott (GA-13) have helped set up a new Congressional Payments Technology
Caucus...
WASHINGTON, DC
OFFICE 2202 Rayburn House Office Bldg Washington, DC
20515 Phone (202) 225-5901 Fax (202) 225-2515
THIRD DISTRICT OFFICE
1601-B East Highway 34 Newnan, Georgia 30265 Phone
(770) 683-2033 Fax (770) 683-2042
Unsubscribe
|
Update My Profile
|
Privacy
Policy
