
If you are having trouble viewing
this message or would like to share it on a social network, you can
view the message
online .
About Lynn
|
Constituent Services
|
Issues
|
Media Center
|
Legislative
Center
|
Georgia's Third District
|
Contact Me
February 08, 2015
Westmoreland Supports ObamaCare
Repeal
Today, the U.S. House of Representatives passed H.R.
596, a bill to repeal the Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act
and health care-related provisions in the Health Care and Education
Reconciliation Act of 2010. I am a cosponsor of this legislation and have
voted in favor of a full repeal of ObamaCare at the start of every
congress since the law was passed in 2010. In addition, I have voted
almost 50 times to repeal, delay, defund, or change the Presidents
healthcare law.
We knew
ObamaCare was bad, but the botched ObamaCare rollout in 2013 showed the
American people how truly bad this government takeover actually is. Premiums
and healthcare device costs have doubled while many are still trying
to make ends meet. Employers have been burdened with costs and are
cutting back hours of part-time employees to save where they can,
resulting 2.5 million hard working Americans being cut from full-time status.
As we approach the tax season, we are also seeing how ObamaCare is
digging into tax returns and costing households even more. In fact,
there have been $47 billion in IRS fines under the individual mandate and
$1 trillion in new taxes. ObamaCare takes away from the patients and
gives far too much power to the
IRS.
This ObamaCare repeal vote is more than a symbolic one, its a plea
from the American people to scrap this trainwreck law and start over.
ObamaCare was horribly written when it was passed, and it continues
to get worse the more its implemented. The American people dont want
the government involved in their healthcare, and I will continue to
vote to dismantle and repeal ObamaCare every opportunity I
get.
House Speaker Boehner has pledged that
the House will release a healthcare replacement this year that puts
patients and American families first. I look forward to finding solutions
to improve our health care system that works for all
Americans.
Share on Facebook
Share on
Twitter
Increasing
Government Transparency for Small
Businesses
Thursday, the House passed H.R. 527,
the Small Business Regulatory Flexibility Improvements Act of 2015.
The bill requires federal agencies to consider the economic effects of
regulations on small business before imposing extremely burdensome
mandates that hinder growth and job creation. I strongly supported this
bill.
As a former small business
owner, I know first-hand the important role that small businesses play
in our economy and their responsibility for almost all new net job
growth in this country. During these tough economic times, it is in our
nation's best interest to ensure that small businesses flourish.
Washington should be here to work for the people, not against
them.
I will always support legislation
that puts freedom, choice, and control back into the hands of small
business owners and out of the hands of the federal government. This bill
requires federal agencies to receive small businesses input before
implementing rules, and to examine the cost of new regulations on the
owners. I will continue to fight for legislation that removes costly
regulations, increases transparency, and cuts through the bureaucratic
red tape to help grow small businesses and our nations
economy.
I remain committed to creating jobs and
reducing the size of the federal government, and hope this bill passes
the Senate quickly so that small business owners can focus on job
growth, not regulation costs.
Share on
Facebook
Share on Twitter
Join the Conversation
Tell a
Friend
E-mail:
In Other News
Capitol Corner:
Benghazi Committee Presses Forward
The House Select
Committee on Benghazi held its third open hearing last week on the
status of pending requests for documents relevant to the
investigation...
Laying Down
the L.A.W. Blog: Obama's Offensive Remarks at the National Prayer
Breakfast
This week, the Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant (ISIL) savagely
burned alive 27 year old Lt. Moath al-Kasasbeh, a Jordanian army pilot
and ISIL hostage.. Meanwhile, President Obama was at the National
Prayer Breakfast in Washington, D.C. preaching political correctness and
excuses when referring to the barbaric actions of radical
Islam..
Laying Down the L.A.W. Blog: Westmoreland on Presidents FY2016
Budget
The Presidents almost 4
trillion dollar budget request is yet another example of how he is in
denial about our nations financial
problems...
Laying Down the L.A.W. Blog: Promoting
Accountability in Unfunded Government Mandates
On
February 4th, 2015, the US House of Representatives passed H.R. 50, the
Unfunded Mandates Information and Transparency Act...
Washington Post: IRS rehired hundreds of
ex-employees with troubled records
The Internal Revenue
Service rehired four ex-employees in recent years who left the agency amid
serious conduct and performance problems, placing each of them the
same positions they had before
WASHINGTON,
DC OFFICE 2202 Rayburn House Office
Bldg Washington, DC 20515 Phone (202) 225-5901 Fax (202) 225-2515
THIRD DISTRICT OFFICE
1601-B East Highway 34 Newnan, Georgia
30265 Phone (770) 683-2033 Fax (770) 683-2042
Unsubscribe
|
Update My Profile
|
Privacy
Policy
