
Time Has Expired
In last weeks newsletter, I expressed my concern that funding for the Department of Homeland Security was set to lapse on February 27th. Well, its March 1st and there is still no resolution.
It should have never come to this. The House passed legislation more than forty days ago to responsibly fund the Department of Homeland Security and stop the Presidents unconstitutional and dangerous executive orders on immigration. Instead of swiftly and responsibly acting to ensure the Department of Homeland Security was funded by Friday's deadline, Senate Democrats blocked attempt after attempt to fund the Department opting instead for their irresponsible game of party politics.
I voted in support of a bill on Friday that the House and Senate both passed to fund the Department of Homeland Security for a week past the original deadline to protect the hardworking men and women who secure our homeland while Congress works to find an agreement.
I remain steadfast that the President has violated the Constitution and I am looking to the Senate to work with us to respect the rule of law by holding him accountable.
All three branches of the Federal government have echoed my conviction.
The Judicial Branch has spoken.
A federal judge in Texas ruled that the Obama Administration violated the Administrative Procedure Act, which governs the way significant administrative actions are established, before announcing its unilateral actions.
The Executive Branch has spoken.
President Obama himself stated 22 times that the Administration cannot enact laws by command and that a go-it-alone approach such as that which it is attempting is outside the constitutional bounds of the presidency.
The Legislative Branch has spoken.
The Houses original bill clearly states that the Presidents actions are unconstitutional.
Its time for my colleagues in the Senate to stop playing games with our national security and stand with the Constitution.
from our nation's capitol viii
Tuesday, February 24, 2015:
After a great weekend that included speaking at the Camden County Republican Party 13 th
Annual Republican Dinner in St. Marys as well as the Career, Technical and Agricultural Education Youth Apprentice Conference in Savannah, we are back in session today and the meetings start just as soon as I walk into the door.
My first meeting is with my good friend, Bryan County Commission Chairman Jimmy Burnsed who is a tireless advocate for one of the fastest growing areas in Coastal Georgia.
Next, I have a meeting with the founder of Lazarex Cancer Foundation, a phenomenal group dedicated to making clinical trials of cancer treatments more accessible to medically underserved patients by providing financial and navigation assistance.
After lunch I meet with a group of school principals from the district including Kerry Coursey from Islands High School who I worked with closely while she was the principal at West Chatham Middle School.
Afterwards, I meet with representatives from the Medical Association of Georgia including my good friend Dr. William Clark from Waycross.
Later I meet with representatives from the YMCA of Georgia before meeting with the American Association of University Women as well as a staff meeting to review priorities and schedules for this week.
After a meeting of the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform we head to the House chamber where we pass H.R. 212, the Drinking Water Protection Act, as well as H.R. 734, the Federal Communications Commission Consolidated Reporting Act, and H.R. 1020, the STEM Education Act of 2015. Later in the evening I have the opportunity to speak to a group of middle school students from Richmond Hill visiting their nations Capital.
Wednesday, February 25, 2015:
Today starts with an early morning breakfast for members and their senior staff with representatives from the Georgia Ports Authority.
Executive Director Curtis Foltz and his fine staff give us an update of the workings of the Savannah and Brunswick ports and the progress of the Savannah Harbor Expansion Project.
After a Republican Conference meeting, I head to a hearing in the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform where we question witnesses regarding the Department of Homeland Securitys policies for the apprehension of non-citizens (illegal aliens).
From there I head to a Homeland Security Committee meeting where we question witnesses concerning the Presidents cybersecurity information sharing project.
In the early afternoon I meet with representatives from St. Josephs/Candler Hospital in Savannah about federal issues.
Next I run to the House chamber for our first series of votes of the day and later return to the office to meet with members of the Georgia Association of Broadcasters.
I also meet with industry representatives concerning the Export/Import Bank as well as representatives from the Georgia Department of Natural Resources before heading back to the House Chamber where we pass H.R. 529 to amend the IRS Code to improve 529 plans which provide for college savings accounts. Once I am back at the office I meet with my friends from the Georgia Farm Bureau, including their Executive Director Zippy Duvall, whose daughter Zellie is part of our Washington staff.
My final meeting of the day is with representatives from the Georgia Transportation Alliance.
Thursday, February 26, 2015:
After an early morning radio interview, I head over with other members of the Georgia Congressional delegation to meet with pilots and flight attendants from Delta Airlines who are in town today.
Because of the snow showers that we are receiving in the Washington area, pictures with the group are moved inside.
My first meeting of the day is yet another hearing with the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform where we question witnesses regarding Obamacare and the 800,000 erroneous tax notices that have been sent out this year.
When I return to the office I have the opportunity to meet with representatives from the Georgia Wing of the Civil Air Patrol before meeting with representatives from the Rural Health Telecom industry.
After attending a briefing regarding the Export/Import Bank, I have the pleasure of addressing the 8 th
grade class from Hancock Day School in Savannah who are in Washington visiting.
Next we have our first series of votes for the day in the House Chamber and afterwards I head back to the office where I have a phone interview with an Atlanta area radio station before doing a television interview. Before heading back to the House chamber for more votes, I meet with representatives from the Georgia Chiropractic Association, including incoming President Dr. Edwin Davis from Jesup.
After we finish voting around 7 p.m. we begin yet another Committee on Oversight and Government Reform hearing where we question witnesses on the IRS e-mails that were supposedly missing but miraculously found by the Inspector Generals office recently.
Friday, February 27, 2015:
Before joining my fellow southern Congressional members in a coalition meeting, I have yet another early radio interview this morning.
Afterwards, I have the opportunity to visit with the fine folks at Honeywell Industries to learn of the many different programs in which they are involved.
For what seems like a daily routine, I head to another Committee on Oversight and Government Reform hearing where we question witnesses concerning the federal government's Freedom of Information Act.
Next I head over to Homeland Security where members of the committee have the opportunity to meet with the Secretary of Homeland Security Jeh Johnson.
Early in the afternoon, we head to the House chamber where we have our first series of votes for the day.
A few hours later we have another series of votes as we are trying to continue funding of the Department of Homeland Security (DHS) that runs out at midnight tonight.
Even though over 40 days ago we in the House completed our job by passing a bill that fully funds DHS through the final remaining months of this years budget, the Senate has yet to pass the bill and funding is in danger.
An early evening vote to continue DHS funding for the next 21 days fails and we are told by leadership that more votes may be coming tonight or this weekend.
Finally the stalemate is broken at 9:30 PM as the Senate sends a bill over funding DHS for the next 7 days.
This bill passes and funding for DHS continues without interruption at least through next week.
WEBSITE
|
UNSUBSCRIBE
|
CONTACT
Click Here Click Here