
If you are having trouble viewing this message
or would like to share it on a social network, you can
view the message online .
HOME
ABOUT
CONTACT ME
SERVING YOU
MEDIA CENTER
OUR DISTRICT
RESOURCES
March 21, 2015
Dear Friend,
Our Third Annual Ninth District Veterans Benefits Fair was a
successful one in Blue Ridge, Fannin County. Nearly 50 United States
military veterans and their friends and family showed up to make it standing
room only at the local senior center. There was plenty of work to do
for Northeast Georgians who have served their country, so I kept my
remarks brief.
I talked about changes to the
Veterans Administration, after trouble at VA hospitals last year.
Whistleblowers at several revealed that some hospital staff, to hide their
underperformance from investigators, were shunting sick veterans to
secret waiting lists, while their health deteriorated. Congress passed the
Veterans Access to Care Act
to increase healthcare choices
for our veterans, who should have more than a single government-run
agency to choose from, when seeking healthcare. The Act increased doctors
and VA facilities and expanded veterans' choice of providers to
include private options to those living more than 40 miles from a VA
center.
Attendees sought help filing their first
benefits claims. VA officers were on site to help immediately. Also, a
representative from Georgia's National Cemetery helped a widow, who
recently lost her husband, make sure his final resting place would be our
state's memorial cemetery in Canton. My district staff, based in
Gainesville, was present to answer more questions.
The Veterans Benefits Fair at the beginning of March will not be our
last. Nor should you, if you are a veteran in need or know someone who
is, wait for the next one to seek help. Ninth District residents
having trouble securing the benefits they've been promised should call my
Gainesville office at (770) 297-3388 or
visit
dougcollins.house.gov
for assistance.
Sincerely,
Doug Collins
Member
of Congress
Tell a Friend
E-mail:
E-mail Updates
Yes, please
periodically send me e-mail updates.*
*By subscribing to my
e-mail updates, you are authorizing
me to send regular e-mail updates from my office to your e-mail
account.
Click for Student Art Competition
Info
Washington D.C. Office
513 Cannon House Office Building
Washington, DC 20515
Phone:
(202) 225-9893
Gainesville
Office
210 Washington St. NW, Suite 202
Gainesville, GA 30501
Phone: (770) 297-3388
Unsubscribe
|
Update My
Profile
|
Privacy Policy
gateway mail end
