
If you
are having trouble viewing this message or would like to share it on a
social network, you can
view the message online .
HOME
ABOUT
CONTACT
ME
SERVING YOU
MEDIA CENTER
ISSUES &amp;
LEGISLATION
OUR DISTRICT
February 06, 2015
Dear
Friend,
On Monday, President Obama unveiled his budget proposal for
the next fiscal year. In a huge victory for our Valley veterans, his
budget includes funding for the construction of the Central Valley
Community Based Outpatient Clinic and Community Living Center in French
Camp. Weve worked for years with bipartisan leaders on the federal and
local level to get this facility built, and the inclusion of the French
Camp Veterans Affairs clinic in the Presidents budget request is a
major step forward to bringing high quality healthcare to veterans right
here in the Central Valley. It will decrease their wait times, drive
times and make it easier for them to access quality healthcare. We
must remain vigilant in our oversight to ensure that the project is
completed on-time and on-budget.
The French Camp project has
been deemed shovel ready, as the land has already been purchased and
the facility has been designed by an architect. Once completed, the
facility will serve approximately 87,000 veterans in San Joaquin,
Stanislaus, Calaveras, and Tuolumne Counties.
Although I
applaud the inclusion of French Camp in President Obamas budget proposal,
the rest of the budget left many things to be desired. His proposal
fails to provide a plan that truly tackles our debt or deficits. Today,
partly as a result of the trillions in new debt accrued since President
Obama took office, were spending almost as much in interest on our
national debt ($227 billion this year) as we are on funding the VA and
our education systems combined. Under the budget he released Monday,
interest on our debt will cost us more than triple that amount by 2025.
More spending isnt the responsible solution hardworking Americans
are looking for, and raising taxes on one group instead of finding
broad tax reforms that make our tax code flatter, fairer and easier
to understand is my goal. Moreover, we have a responsibility to balance
our budget just like families all across the country do every day.
The Presidents budget, which
never
balances, isnt a viable
option.
Click to watch
the video of my remarks during Tuesday's hearing on energy and
transportation.
On Tuesday I
presided over a hearing of the Railroads Subcommittee, which I chair,
on how changing energy markets will affect U.S. transportation.
You can watch video of my opening remarks
here .
This week I joined leaders on the Transportation and
Infrastructure Committee to introduce the Passenger Rail Reform and Investment
Act (PRRIA). This bill passed with unanimous bipartisan support out of
the committee last year and I look forward to seeing it progress into
becoming law this Congress. This bill will give Amtrak the ability to
modernize and improve so that they can best serve the millions of
Americans who depend on their service daily. It will also cut costs, ensure
greater accountability to the public, and speed up project delivery
across the nation. Importantly for Californians, PRRIA puts in place a
process to ensure boondoggles like California high-speed rail (CAHSR)
never happen again. The bill includes provisions similar to 2008s
Prop 1A, requiring grants over $1 billion to secure a state match in
order for funding to proceed. The bill also requires that grants of that
size include a usable segment. Under PRRIA, if the grant applicant is
unable to complete the project and operate a full capacity within 20
years, any federal funds must be returned on a pro-rated basis. In other
words, PRRIA will make sure taxpayers are never again footing the
bill for a train with no future.
More
details about this bill are available here .
This week I
voted with the House to repeal the Affordable Care Act. As you may
know, this is one of many votes I have taken to fully repeal the law or
alter some of the ways the law penalizes businesses and individuals, and
robs Medicare of $716 billion. Ten of the bills I have voted for have
actually been signed into law by the President as fixes for some of
the laws most detrimental provisions. Its time for a
patient-centered, fiscally responsible healthcare solution that doesnt lead to
cancelled plans for millions of Americans
and in the coming months I
expect to have the opportunity to vote on alternatives.
It was great to speak with Rachel
Cappello and Brent Wood about public safety issues before
Congress.
I met with Rachel Capello,
Vice-President of the California Narcotics Officers Association and
Special Agent in Charge of the CA Department of Justice for the
Central Valley to discuss ways to improve public safety in our communities.
Rachels dedication to public safety is
impressive.
JEFF
DENHAM
P.S. My office has heard from several people this
week who have gotten suspicious calls from individuals claiming to be
from the IRS and demanding money. I wanted to share some information
from the IRS on how to distinguish these kinds of scam artists from real
IRS representatives.
Please review this information
and share it with your friends and family.
Do you support fully repealing the Affordable Care Act?
Yes No Have you enrolled in a plan through Covered
California?
Yes No *By answering
this survey, you are subscribing to my newsletter. If you are
having trouble, click here.
E-mail Updates
Yes, please
periodically send me e-mail updates.*
*By subscribing to my
e-mail updates, you are authorizing
me to send regular e-mail updates from my office to your e-mail
account.
DC office:
1730 Longworth
HOB
Washington, DC
20515
P: 202-225-4540
F: 202-225-3402
Modesto Office:
4701 Sisk Road,
Suite 202
Modesto, CA 95356
P: 209-579-5458
F:
209-579-5028
Unsubscribe
|
Update My Profile
|
Privacy Policy
gateway mail end
