
If you are having trouble viewing this
message or would like to share it on a social network, you can
view the message online .
HOME
ABOUT
SERVING YOU
WHERE I STAND
MEDIA CENTER
CONTACT ME
March 12, 2015
Dear Friends,
Fifty four years
ago, the United States broke diplomatic relations with Cuba because of
the Castro regimes dangerous actions which posed a serious threat to
our national security.
At the time, President Eisenhower said
that there is a limit to what the United States in self-respect can
endure, regarding Cuba, that limit has been reached. The US, as the
standard-bearer of freedom and liberty, has stood strong against a
tyrannical regime that has oppressed and abused its citizens. More than half
a century has passed and Cuba still poses a clear and present danger
to the United States. The Castro regime attempts to undermine our
national security at every turn and reinforces instability in the entire
region by exporting its Cuban military and espionage apparatus across
the Americas.
Recently, the Castro regime worked with Russia
to seek to reopen the Lourdes intelligence facility, which could give
Putin a possible state of the art signals facility just 90 miles from
our coast at a time when Russia is again positioning itself as a
threat to US interests around the world.
Last year, Cuba was caught
trying to send arms and military equipment to North Korea in violation
of multiple UN Security Council resolutions. But that did not
stop the Castro brothers from trying to acquire more military hardware
from enemies of the U.S. After the Obama administration had finished
hosting the murderous regime at the State Department, Castro was caught
again concealing a shipment with military equipment that was destined
to Cuba from China. It is unconscionable that during these misguided
secret negotiations with the White House, Cuba has been caught red
handed first working with North Korea, and now China. Furthermore,
the Cuban regime has penetrated our own intelligence services with spies
such as Ana Belen Montes and Kendall Myers.
In fact, Cuba has
one of the worlds most advanced espionage systems, which directly
targets our nation.
The information that they gather is then sold on
the black market to those who seek to harm American interests both at
home and around the world.
Finally, the Castro regime has sent
military advisors to Venezuela.
These agents have trained the
Maduro regimes forces in the use of violence and torture and have been
directly involved in the murder of innocent pro-democracy activists in
Venezuela.
For decades, the US has stood firm
against the tyranny of the Castro brothers and has led the way in the
struggle for democracy and human rights in Cuba.
Now, more than three
decades after Cuba was first recognized as a state sponsor of
terrorism, it appears to me that the President, through his policies has
forgotten the danger that Cuba represents.
I firmly believe that the
recent concessions to the Castro brothers pose a real national
security threat.
With this new infusion of capital, the Castro regime
will be able to undermine our nation and our interests around the
globe.
The Administration should finally learn the lesson that every
American president has learned since Eisenhower:
negotiating
with the Castro regime is a failed endeavor.
Sincerely,
Ileana
Ros-Lehtinen
Member of
Congress
Don't forget to follow me on Twitter
@RosLehtinen .
I send out live updates and links to recent videos!
E-mail Updates
Yes, please periodically send me e-mail
updates.*
*By subscribing to my
e-mail updates, you are authorizing me to send regular e-mail
updates from my office to your e-mail account.
Tell a Friend
E-mail:
E-mail:
E-mail:
Washington, DC
Office
2206
Rayburn HOB |
Washington, DC
20515
Phone: (202) 225-3931 |
Fax: (202)
225-5620
Miami Office
(Main)
4960 SW 72 Ave, Suite 208 |
Miami, FL
33155
Phone:
(305) 668-2285 |
Fax: (305) 668-5970
Unsubscribe
|
Update My Profile
|
Privacy
Policy
