
February 13, 2015
IN THIS ISSUE:
Senator Collins Leads Effort to Make Fighting Alzheimer's Disease an
Urgent National Priority
Dr. Ash Carter Confirmed by the Senate as Secretary of Defense
Senator Collins Applauds Decision by Sun Life Financial to Open a
Facility in Scarborough
Senator Collins, Shaheen Reintroduce Bipartisan Legislation to Prohibit
LGBT Discrimination During Jury Selection Process
WEEKLY COLUMN
BROKEN TRUST: THE FINANCIAL EXPLOITATION OF SENIORS
BY: SENATOR SUSAN COLLINS
In late 2012, a Maine jury found an Androscoggin County woman guilty of
stealing from her own mother. The details leading up to this conviction
were very troubling: This woman sold her mother's home and moved her
into a camper located in her backyard. As if that were not bad enough,
the daughter and her boyfriend went on to deplete her mother's life
savings over the course of two years, leaving her penniless as well as
homeless.
In another troubling case, an 82-year old World War II veteran living
in Cumberland County had his daughter living with him to help with his
care after he suffered two strokes. By the time he had suspected that
his daughter had misused his money and he contacted an attorney, his
daughter had taken ownership of his home and depleted his savings
account from more than $20,000 to $15. She created further financial
problems by taking out a personal car loan, using him as a co-signer.
Financial exploitation of older Americans is a growing epidemic that
cost seniors an estimated $2.9 billion in 2010, according to the GAO.
In Maine alone, there are 14,000 new reports each year of senior abuse,
which includes financial abuse. And, in as many as 90 percent of
financial cases, the senior is victimized by someone he or she knows
well.
The Senate Special Committee on Aging, which I chair, recently held a
hearing to examine financial exploitation that harms far too many of
our nation's most vulnerable seniors.
The Committee has brought to light many schemes that have defrauded
seniors out of their hard-earned retirement savings. It is deeply
troubling when a senior falls victim to one of these schemes. But even
more egregious is when the perpetrator is a family member, caregiver,
or trusted financial advisor.
To read the rest of Senator Collins' Column click here
Senator Collins Leads Effort to Make Fighting Alzheimer's Disease an
Urgent National Priority
Citing the tremendous personal and economic toll the disease takes on
our nation, Senator Collins led a bipartisan group of Senators this
week in introducing a Senate Resolution declaring that that the goal of
preventing and effectively treating Alzheimer's by 2025 is an "urgent
national priority."
Click here
or the play button above to
watch the speech.
This year, 5.2 million Americans, including 37,000 in Maine, will
suffer from the devastating emotional and economic toll caused by
Alzheimer's disease. According to a recent report by the Alzheimer's
Association, unless the current trajectory changes, that number will
increase to 13.5 million in 2050. In addition, caring for individuals
with Alzheimer's disease and other forms of dementia will cost our
nation $226 billion-with Medicare and Medicaid paying 68 percent of the
cost-and unless an effective treatment is developed before 2050, the
cost will soar to $1.1 trillion. Yet, our nation currently spends less
than three tenths of one percent of the current cost-less than $600
million-on research.
The full press release is available here
.
Dr. Ash Carter Confirmed by the Senate as Secretary of Defense
This week, Senator Collins voted in favor of Dr. Ash Carter's
nomination to be Secretary of Defense.
"I'm proud to support Dr. Ash Carter's nomination for Secretary of
Defense. Dr. Carter and I had a productive meeting last month where we
discussed many important issues facing our nation," said Senator
Collins. "I have known Dr. Carter for several years and think very
highly of him and his qualifications for this important position.
"During our meeting in January, Dr. Carter and I discussed the
contributions that many Maine organizations make to secure our national
security. Bath Iron Works, the Portsmouth Naval Shipyard in Kittery,
the Bangor Air National Guard Base, the Pratt & Whitney plant in South
Berwick, the University of Maine, and other defense contractors and
entities all contribute significantly to our nation's security."
During last month's meeting, Dr. Carter accepted Senator Collins'
invitation to visit Maine and Bath Iron Works for a first-hand look at
Maine's enormous contributions to our nation's security. Dr. Carter
last visited Bath Iron Works in 2009 with then-Defense Secretary Robert
Gates.
The full press release is available here
.
Senator Collins Applauds Decision by Sun Life Financial to Open a
Facility in Scarborough
Following the announcement by Sun Life Financial that the company plans
to open a new and innovative operations center in Scarborough that will
immediately create approximately 100 jobs, U.S. Senator Susan Collins
said, "I'm pleased that in the global competition for jobs, Sun Life
has selected the Portland area for its new operations center. This
announcement will bring new employment opportunities for our
extraordinarily talented workforce."
>From the Bangor Daily News
:
"PORTLAND, Maine - The Canadian insurer Sun Life Financial announced
plans to open an office this spring in Scarborough and hire about 100
employees.
"The company announced the move Monday, saying that it was drawn to the
area partly because it is already home to companies with expertise in
disability insurance and a "pool of strong talent" to join the company.
"The Portland area is actually considered a major hub for this
industry, and it's been that way for quite a while," said Sun Life
spokeswoman Devon Portney Fernald. "[Sun Life's U.S. President] Dan
Fishbein settled in that area because he's in that business, and it's
one of the best areas to be in if you are in that industry."
The Full Article is available here
.
Senator Collins, Shaheen Reintroduce Bipartisan Legislation to Prohibit
LGBT Discrimination During Jury Selection Process
U.S. Senators Susan Collins (R-ME) and Jeanne Shaheen (D-NH)
reintroduced legislation today that would prevent discrimination
against LGBT citizens during the federal jury selection process. The
Jury ACCESS (Access for Capable Citizens and Equality in Service
Selection) Act would amend federal statute to prohibit the practice of
striking jurors in federal courts on the basis of sexual orientation or
gender identity.
"There is no place for discrimination in our judicial system," said
Senator Collins. "I am proud to join Senator Shaheen in working to make
sure no one is prohibited from fulfilling his or her fundamental right
and obligation to serve on a jury based on his or her sexual identity."
The full press release is available here
.
Senator Collins Welcomes Students From Maine
Maine natives Seamus McDonough (Wells), Riley Perkins (Gorham), and
Margaret Howson (Hampden) are members of the Senate intern and page
programs. Serving as an intern or page provides students with an
excellent opportunity to receive firsthand experience with the
Legislative branch of our government.
OFFICE OF SENATOR SUSAN COLLINS
413 Dirksen Senate Office Building
Washington, D.C. 20510
Phone: (202) 224-2523
Fax: (202) 224-2693
To UNSUBSCRIBE, please click here
DEFAULT TABLE ATTRIBUTES ARE:
DEFAULT TD STYLE IS:
DEFAULT LEFT SIDEBAR IS:
DEFAULT RIGHT COLUMN IS:
Can't
see the images? Make sure your e-mail is set to download pictures in order to see the full content
of this e-newsletter.
February
13, 2015
IN
THIS ISSUE:
Senator
Collins Leads Effort to Make Fighting Alzheimer's Disease an Urgent National Priority
Dr. Ash Carter Confirmed by the Senate as Secretary of Defense
Senator Collins Applauds Decision by Sun Life Financial to Open a Facility in Scarborough
Senator Collins, Shaheen Reintroduce Bipartisan Legislation to Prohibit
LGBT Discrimination During Jury Selection Process
WEEKLY COLUMN
BROKEN TRUST: THE FINANCIAL EXPLOITATION OF SENIORS
BY: SENATOR SUSAN COLLINS
In late 2012, a Maine jury found an Androscoggin County woman guilty of stealing from her own mother.
The details leading up to this conviction were very troubling: This woman sold her mother&#8217;s home
and moved her into a camper located in her backyard. As if that were not bad enough, the daughter and
her boyfriend went on to deplete her mother&#8217;s life savings over the course of two years, leaving
her penniless as well as homeless.
In another troubling case, an 82-year old World War II veteran living in Cumberland County had
his daughter living with him to help with his care after he suffered two strokes. By the time he had
suspected that his daughter had misused his money and he contacted an attorney, his daughter had taken
ownership of his home and depleted his savings account from more than $20,000 to $15. She created further
financial problems by taking out a personal car loan, using him as a co-signer.
Financial exploitation of older Americans is a growing epidemic that cost seniors an estimated
$2.9 billion in 2010, according to the GAO. In Maine alone, there are 14,000 new reports each year of
senior abuse, which includes financial abuse. And, in as many as 90 percent of financial cases, the senior
is victimized by someone he or she knows well.
The Senate Special Committee on Aging, which I chair, recently held a hearing to examine financial
exploitation that harms far too many of our nation&#8217;s most vulnerable seniors.
The Committee
has brought to light many schemes that have defrauded seniors out of their hard-earned retirement savings.
It is deeply troubling when a senior falls victim to one of these schemes. But even more egregious is
when the perpetrator is a family member, caregiver, or trusted financial advisor.
To read the rest of Senator Collins' Column click
here
S enator
Collins Leads Effort to Make Fighting Alzheimer's Disease an Urgent National Priority
Citing
the tremendous personal and economic toll the disease takes on our nation, Senator Collins led a bipartisan
group of Senators this week in introducing a Senate Resolution declaring that that the goal of preventing
and effectively treating Alzheimer&#8217;s by 2025 is an &#8220;urgent national priority."
Click
here
or the play button above to watch the speech.
This
year, 5.2 million Americans, including 37,000 in Maine, will suffer from the devastating emotional and
economic toll caused by Alzheimer&#8217;s disease. According to a recent report by the Alzheimer&#8217;s
Association, unless the current trajectory changes, that number will increase to 13.5 million in 2050.
In addition, caring for individuals with Alzheimer&#8217;s disease and other forms of dementia will cost
our nation $226 billion&#8212;with Medicare and Medicaid paying 68 percent of the cost&#8212;and unless
an effective treatment is developed before 2050, the cost will soar to $1.1 trillion. Yet, our nation
currently spends less than three tenths of one percent of the current cost&#8212;less than $600 million&#8212;on
research.
The
full press release is available
here .
Dr.
Ash Carter Confirmed by the Senate as Secretary of Defense
This
week, Senator Collins voted in favor of Dr. Ash Carter's nomination to be Secretary of Defense.
&#8220;I&#8217;m
proud to support Dr. Ash Carter&#8217;s nomination for Secretary of Defense. Dr. Carter and I had a productive
meeting last month where we discussed many important issues facing our nation," said Senator Collins. "I
have known Dr. Carter for several years and think very highly of him and his qualifications for this
important position.
&#8220;During
our meeting in January, Dr. Carter and I discussed the contributions that many Maine organizations make
to secure our national security. Bath Iron Works, the Portsmouth Naval Shipyard in Kittery, the Bangor
Air National Guard Base, the Pratt &amp; Whitney plant in South Berwick, the University of Maine, and
other defense contractors and entities all contribute significantly to our nation&#8217;s security.&#8221;
During
last month's meeting, Dr. Carter accepted Senator Collins' invitation to visit Maine and Bath Iron Works
for a first-hand look at Maine&#8217;s enormous contributions to our nation&#8217;s security. Dr. Carter
last visited Bath Iron Works in 2009 with then-Defense Secretary Robert Gates.
The
full press release is available
here .
Senator Collins Applauds Decision by Sun Life Financial to Open
a Facility in Scarborough
Following the announcement by Sun Life Financial that the company plans to open a new
and innovative operations center in Scarborough that will immediately create approximately 100 jobs,
U.S. Senator Susan Collins said, &#8220;I&#8217;m pleased that in the global competition for
jobs, Sun Life has selected the Portland area for its new operations center. This announcement will bring
new employment opportunities for our extraordinarily talented workforce.&#8221;
From the
Bangor
Daily News :
"PORTLAND, Maine &#8212; The Canadian insurer Sun Life Financial announced plans to
open an office this spring in Scarborough and hire about 100 employees.
"The company announced the move Monday, saying that it was drawn to the area partly because it
is already home to companies with expertise in disability insurance and a &#8220;pool of strong talent&#8221;
to join the company.
&#8220;The Portland area is actually considered a major hub for this industry, and it&#8217;s
been that way for quite a while,&#8221; said Sun Life spokeswoman Devon Portney Fernald. &#8220;[Sun
Life&#8217;s U.S. President] Dan Fishbein settled in that area because he&#8217;s in that business, and
it&#8217;s one of the best areas to be in if you are in that industry.&#8221;
The Full Article is available
here .
Senator Collins, Shaheen Reintroduce Bipartisan
Legislation to Prohibit LGBT Discrimination During Jury Selection Process
U.S. Senators Susan Collins (R-ME) and Jeanne Shaheen
(D-NH) reintroduced legislation today that would prevent discrimination against LGBT citizens during
the federal jury selection process. The Jury ACCESS (Access for Capable Citizens and Equality in Service
Selection) Act would amend federal statute to prohibit the practice of striking jurors in federal courts
on the basis of sexual orientation or gender identity.
&#8220;There is no place for discrimination in our judicial system,&#8221;
said Senator Collins. &#8220;I am proud to join Senator Shaheen in working to make sure no one is prohibited
from fulfilling his or her fundamental right and obligation to serve on a jury based on his or her sexual
identity.&#8221;
The full press release is available
here .
Senator Collins Welcomes Students From
Maine
Maine
natives Seamus McDonough (Wells), Riley Perkins (Gorham), and Margaret Howson (Hampden) are members of
the Senate intern and page programs. Serving as an intern or page provides students with an excellent
opportunity to receive firsthand experience with the Legislative branch of our government.
OFFICE OF SENATOR SUSAN COLLINS
413 Dirksen Senate Office Building Washington,
D.C. 20510 Phone: (202) 224-2523 Fax: (202) 224-2693
To UNSUBSCRIBE,
please
click here
