
Friday, February 13, 2015
WEBSITE
|
FORWARD TO A FRIEND
| SHARE ON:
Foxx Report
For more than six years, supporters of the Keystone XL pipeline have been fighting to secure the necessary approval that would allow the U.S. to take advantage of vital oil production in Canada and the northern United States. It is the most studied pipeline in our nations history, and thousands of pages prove its worth to our economy and national interest and further document its safety. It will spur job creation, help us on our way to energy security and increase access to affordable North American oil.
This week the House of Representatives passed legislation to authorize building the Keystone XL pipeline for the 11th time. The legislation now goes to President Obama for his signature, but the president has threatened to veto the bill. It is my hope that the strong bipartisan support for the project encourages the president to change his mind and finally act in Americas energy interests.
Robo Calls Off Phones Act
Every campaign season, like clockwork, families are bombarded by an endless stream of robocalls. Though citizens are able to stop receiving telemarketing calls, politicians made sure to exempt these political robocalls from the power of the Do Not Call Registry.
This week I reintroduced legislation to stop the intrusion of political robocalls in homes across America. The Robo Calls Off Phones Act, or Robo COP Act, would direct the Federal Trade Commission to revise its regulations regarding the Do Not Call list and prohibit pre-recorded campaign messages from being sent to telephone numbers on the national registry.
Its time to give the American people the opportunity to opt out of these bothersome campaign season interruptions.
Student Success Act
On Wednesday the House Committee on Education and the Workforce passed legislation to improve K-12 education by replacing No Child Left Behind with new policies to help every child access a high-quality education. The Student Success Act, which reforms and reauthorizes the Elementary and Secondary Education Act, is a long-term solution that would prevent future federal overreach into elementary and secondary education, promote effective teachers in the classroom, provide parents a stronger voice in education and restore local control. The House is expected to consider this legislation at the end of February.
Tax Relief for Charitable Giving
This week the House also passed legislation that would provide incentives for charitable giving by making permanent tax deductions for the donation of food, land for conservation and IRA contributions as well as simplifying the tax rate for private foundations.
Americans are a giving people whose compassion for others is well known, whether were supporting our friends and neighbors when times are tough or responding in generosity during moments of great need. H.R. 644 provides important tax relief to encourage that philanthropic spirit.
Whats Coming Up
Next week the House will hold a district work week. I look forward to traveling around North Carolinas 5th District and hearing from you.
Sincerely,
NOTE: Please DO NOT respond to this email as this inbox is unattended. To contact my office please
click here
SIGN UP TO RECEIVE REGULAR UPDATES
|
PRIVACY POLICY
|
CONTACT US
Click Here Click Here