
If you are
having trouble viewing this message or would like to share it on a
social network, you can
view
the message online .
HOME
NEWS
SERVICES
LEGISLATION
CONTACT
March 02, 2015
Obama Vetoes Keystone XL
President Obama had the opportunity last week to not just
talk about supporting American jobs but to actually do something about it
while strengthening American energy security. He chose instead to put
partisan political considerations above the interests of American
workers and veto the Keystone XL pipeline legislation that passed both
the House and Senate with strong bipartisan support. This blatantly
political decision by the president is both disappointing and indicative
of an administration that has grown increasingly hostile toward working
with Congress on positive solutions.
Protecting the 2nd
Amendment
Last week, I joined with several of my colleagues
in denouncing the recent proposal by the Bureau of Alcohol, Tobacco,
Firearms &amp; Explosives (BATFE) to ban commonly used rifle and
sporting ammunition.
Congress included a
commonsense sporting purposes exemption in the 1986 Law Enforcement
Officers Protection Act, which served the dual purposes of targeting handgun
ammunition intended to pierce body armor and protecting law-abiding
citizens right to keep and bear arms. This exemption has served our
nation well for nearly 30 years.
Under the guise
of interpreting a provision of the Gun Control Act of 1968, the BATFE
is choosing to ignore the sporting purposes exemption of the law. Its
framework cannot reasonably be considered a clarification of the
sporting purposes exemption when it essentially undercuts its entire
purpose. This move was nothing but a brazen attempt to bypass Congress
and the American people to enact President Obamas liberal
agenda.
This federal agency should be not allowed to
circumvent the legislative process by unilaterally banning ammo primarily
suitable for sporting purposes. Washington bureaucrats cannot ignore the
Second Amendment.
Supporting An Affordable Education
This past
Wednesday, the House of Representatives passed H.R. 529
legislation to
support access to an affordable college education by improving 529 college
savings plans. This provision would expand the utility of tax
savings benefits under 529s
including allowing parents to use the funds
for the purchase of equipment like computers for students. For
his part, President Obama has said that Washington ought to tax these
college savings plans
actually taxing families who are saving their
own money to help their kids afford to go to college.
We should not be building barriers to an affordable
education. We ought to stand with those hardworking American families who are
doing their part to save and plan for their childrens
future.
Please Feel Free to Tell a
Friend E-mail:
E-mail: E-mail:
Share on Facebook Share on Twitter
Washington DC Office
100 Cannon House Office Building
Washington DC 20515
Phone:
202-225-4501
Fax: 202-225-4656
District Office:
85-C Mill Street, Suite 300
Roswell, GA 30075
Phone:
770-998-0049
Fax: 770-998-0050
Internet:
Web:
http://tomprice.house.gov
E-mail:
E-mail Tom by clicking here
Unsubscribe
|
Update My
Profile
|
Privacy Policy
gateway
mail end 