
In addition to their threats to Social Security and the Affordable Care Act, the GOP created a partial government shutdown crisis that was averted literally at the last minute
David -- We&rsquo;ve called on you a lot this month.
And you came through.
Because of you, we were able to meet our February membership goal, which will allow us to take on the Republican money machine and hold the GOP accountable for their shenanigans in Congress.
And boy, do they need to be held accountable:
In addition to their threats to Social Security and the Affordable Care Act, the GOP created a partial government shutdown crisis that was averted literally at the last minute -- and only for a week. That means unless extreme Republicans come to their senses,
the critical Department of Homeland Security could still be forced to shut down
this Friday.
Will you sign our petition and tell Republicans to stop their DHS shutdown?
I can&rsquo;t tell you how much I appreciate all of your support. Together, we&rsquo;ll take John Boehner, Mitch McConnell, and the extreme Republicans to task for their irresponsible tactics and harmful policies, and work to elect strong Democrats who will win back the Senate.
Thank you,
Senator Jon Tester
DSCC Chair
Democratic Senatorial Campaign Committee
P.O. Box 96047
Washington, DC 20090
Paid for by the Democratic Senatorial Campaign Committee, dscc.org,
and not authorized by any candidate or candidate&#39;s committee.
The DSCC is the only organization solely dedicated to supporting Democrats in the U.S. Senate. This message was sent to dj724530@gmail.com because you are a part of the DSCC&rsquo;s grassroots network. Please add us to your address book or approved senders list to make sure you keep receiving DSCC updates.
Emails are a critical way for us to stay in touch with our grassroots supporters. 99% of the DSCC&rsquo;s contributions come from grassroots donors giving less than $200. We also strive to keep you updated on issues related to the Democratic Party&rsquo;s values.
If you&rsquo;d like to stop receiving emails related to this campaign, please
click here .
If you&#39;d like to make a contribution to support us, please
click here . We are already beginning to prepare for the fight ahead &ndash; reclaiming the majority in 2016. It will take every single grassroots supporter, but we know it&rsquo;s possible with your help. If you&rsquo;d like to stop receiving all emails from the DSCC, please
unsubscribe . We greatly appreciate your continued support.
Contributions or gifts to the DSCC are not tax deductible.
