
If you are having trouble
viewing this message or would like to share it on a social network, you
can
view the message
online .
March 03, 2015
Unsubscribe
Update My Profile
Website
|
About Doug
|
Constituent Services
|
Issues &amp; Legislation
|
News
|
Contact Doug
House Republican Israel Caucus The Hill Op-Ed on Prime Minister
Netanyahu's Address to
Congress
3/3/15
By
Leonard Lance (NJ-07), Lee Zeldin (NY-01), Peter Roskam (IL-06), and Doug
Lamborn (CO-05) Co-Chairs of the House Republican Israel
Caucus
The Hill: "Netanyahu's Message
Should Be Heeded"
Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu offered a thoughtful and urgent
message to the world community through the bully pulpit of the House
Chamber: Israel, the United States and global forces for peace can find a
solution to Irans march toward a nuclear weapon.
As demonstrated by the prime ministers address, the House of
Representatives is now, and forever must be, the crucible for our
nations public policy discourse. Through floor debate, the Presidents
State of the Union Address and the opportunity for world leaders to be
heard on the globes most pressing issues, Congress is where solutions
are proposed, crafted, amended and authorized.
The prime
ministers message needed to be heard - now- days before a major deadline in
the ongoing P5+1
negotiations.
The consensus is clear: a nuclear
Iran would forever change the international dynamic.
The
balance of power in the world would slip away from those who have given
blood and treasure in the fight for freedom and justice, while rewarding
the perpetrators of some of the most heinous crimes against humanity.
The principle of peace through deterrence would be defunct and
the Nuclear Nonproliferation Treaty would be a footnote as rival and
regional powers race to acquire their own nuclear weapons.
A
nuclear arms race will be yet another element of unpredictability in the
worlds most volatile region.
The safety and security of the
United States and Israel would be in extreme peril.
The prime
minister and those of us in the Congress do not oppose any agreement.
We oppose a bad agreement.
We oppose any deal that needlessly
surrenders valuable leverage in the name of taking Irans word.
Sanctions brought Iran to the table and sanctions will keep them there.
There is simply not the trust that state-sponsors of terror will
suddenly and uncharacteristically prove honest.
Just who
are we dealing with? Iran has consistently supported the elements of
terror that bombard Israeli civilians with rockets.
They
recently destroyed a replica U.S. warship during a defense drill.
They
still have not reported to international weapon inspectors past
nuclear weapon craft.
They have treated international obligations as
options, disregarding 11 of 12 sets of criteria the International
Atomic Energy Agency has requested.
They have continued to design a
nuclear payload for a missile over the IAEAs objections.
They
continue to support mass-murderer Bashar al-Assad in Syria.
And
they continue to promote destabilizing elements in Iraq, undermining
our decade of
sacrifice.
And that is just the current regime.
Media outlets have reported former Iranian president Mahmoud
Ahmadinejad has returned to the political scene, still promoting his anti-U.S
and anti-Israel platform.
The return to power of his ideology
could come just as the temporary Iranian part of the proposed agreement
lapses, while the self-imposed U.S. concessions remain permanent.
A successful nuclear agreement must include
tangible Iranian concessions. Steps to dismantle its nuclear
infrastructure, a commitment to a robust inspections regime and a cease to its
dubious terror-related activities must make-up the ground floor of any
deal.
Congress is the ultimate arbiter on sanctions.
For
any changes even to be considered, we must first be convinced that an
agreement bars any pathway to a nuclear weapon and that the United
States and Israel see serious Iranian attempts to reengage in world
affairs including promoting peace, advancing of human rights and supporting
equality for women.
Prime Minister Netanyahu carefully outlined
the stakes.
It will be up to Congress to remember his insight
and use it as a guiding force in the coming weeks.
Lance has
represented New Jerseys 7th Congressional District since 2009. He sits
on the Energy and Commerce Committee.
Zeldin has represented New
Yorks 1st Congressional District since 2015. He sits on the Foreign
Affairs; the Transportation; and the Veterans Affairs committees.
Lamborn has represented Colorado 5th Congressional District since 2007. He
sits on the Armed Services; the Natural Resources; and the Veterans
Affairs committees. Roskam has represented illinois 6th Congressional
District since 2007. He sits on the Ways and Means Committee. The
four lawmakers serve as co-chairmen of the House Republican Israel
Caucus.
Contact
Info
WASHINGTON OFFICE
2402 Rayburn HOB
Washington, DC 20515
Phone: (202) 225-4422
Fax: (202) 226-2638
DISTRICT OFFICE
1125 Kelly Johnson
Blvd., Suite 330
Colorado Springs, CO 80920
Phone: (719)
520-0055
Fax: (719) 520-0840
DISTRICT OFFICE
415
Main Street
Buena Vista, CO 81211
Phone: (719) 520-0055
Fax: (719) 520-0840
Update My
Profile
-
Unsubscribe
-
Privacy Policy
