
Having trouble reading this email?
Click here
to view in your browser.
Its Time for the President to Put Down His Pen
Last November, President Obama took executive action to make controversial, unprecedented changes to our nations immigration system - despite making earlier claims that he was not a king and could not move unilaterally on immigration reform. Moving forward with his plan for executive amnesty, the president blatantly ignored the outrage of the American people and warnings from myself and other members of Congress that he was poisoning the well for real immigration reform.
Instead of working with Congress to secure the border, the White House is instead allowing certain illegal immigrants - who have been in America more than five years - to avoid deportation as long as they register, pass a background check and pay taxes. This is estimated to extend legal protection to nearly 5 million immigrants who came to the United States illegally. Perhaps most troubling is the fact President Obama claimed he could not legally take such action without Congressional approval
more than twenty times .
An estimated 124,000 illegal immigrants are believed to live in Tennessee. Tennesseans are keenly aware of the need to reform our nations immigration system, but changes to law must be made through Congress
not the presidents pen and phone. This is why I
laid out my five key principles
for immigration reform last December. The presidents executive actions dont even begin to address any of these issues I raised, and I strongly believe the president must be stopped.
In December, the House passed a spending bill to fund the federal government, except the Department of Homeland Security (DHS), the agency in charge of implementing the presidents executive amnesty, for the full fiscal year. The bill was signed into law by President Obama and only funded DHS until the end of February. Because we knew it was imperative to fund homeland security operations, in January the House acted once again, sending the Senate a bill to fund DHS. This bill included an important provision that would prohibit any funding from being used to implement President Obamas executive actions on immigration. This should have allowed for plenty of time to consider this issue, but now, more than a month later, theres still no resolution and Senate Democrats have refused four times to allow debate on the House-passed bill.
Make no mistake
if funding lapses for the Department, it will be because the president and Senate Democrats chose to change the law
as the president himself has said
like a king would do it. It would be reckless and irresponsible to shut down the Department of Homeland Security during a time of increasing global unrest, but the presidents allies in the Senate
even some who claim to oppose the presidents immigration actions - refuse to restore the law as it existed on November 19, 2014
less than three months ago and two weeks after the American people sent a clear message at the polls that they expected a different direction for the country.
East Tennesseans have spoken loud and clear about their desire to reverse this executive amnesty, and I am committed to fighting for their voice to be heard in Washington. My position isnt changing and I refuse to back down. President Obama could stop this uncertainty by simply putting down his pen and agreeing to work with Congress on true immigration reform. Instead, his reckless style of running this country has once again put the American people at risk. Where does it stop?
Feel free to contact my office if we can be of assistance to you or your family. Our contact information can be found on our website,
www.roe.house.gov .
CONNECT WITH US
E-News Sign-up
Forward to a Friend
Contact Phil
Washington, DC Office
407 Cannon House Office Bldg
Washington, DC 20515
Phone: (202) 225-6356
Fax: (202) 225-5714
Kingsport Office
PO Box 1728
Kingsport, TN 37662
Phone: (423) 247-8161
Fax: (423) 247-0119
Morristown Office
1609 College Park Drive, Suite 4
Morristown, TN 37813
Phone: (423) 254-1400
Fax: (423) 254-1403
Click Here Click Here