
If you are
having trouble viewing this message or would like to share it on a
social network, you can
view the message online .
HOME
ABOUT
CONTACT
ME
SERVING YOU
MEDIA CENTER
ISSUES &amp;
LEGISLATION
OUR DISTRICT
February 13, 2015
Dear
Friend,
I joined a bipartisan group of legislators yesterday to call for
an immediate resolution between the Pacific Maritime Association (PMA)
and the International Longshoreman Warehouse Union (ILWU) in the
nine-month-long port standoff hurting West Coast companies, families and
small businesses across the country.
This is no longer a
California problem or a West Coast problem. This affects our national
economy. This must be solved now, before millions of jobs, billions of
dollars and tons of perishable products are lost.
You can watch my remarks
here .
Yesterday the
Transportation committee passed the
Passenger Rail Reform and
Investment Act , or PRRIA, unanimously. This bill, which I introduced
with several colleagues on the committee last week, makes vast
improvements to our rail infrastructure, reducing costs and accelerating
Amtraks project delivery.
Passage of this bill is an
investment in our infrastructure that will make Amtrak operate more like a
business
better responding to the needs of its customers and focusing
on efficiency, transparency, and cost-saving. Im proud of the
bipartisan unanimous support weve garnered for this bill and look forward to
seeing PRRIA move to the House floor.
As recently
mentioned, Ive voted repeatedly in the House to approve construction of the
Keystone XL pipeline. Last week the Senate voted to approve the
project with bipartisan support
and this week the House voted on the bill
they passed, sending the bill straight to the Presidents desk. I
hope hell support the will of the people and sign it into
law.
Early this week we learned of the murder of Kayla Mueller, a young
American aid worker in Syria who was held hostage by ISIS. The
cowards who committed this crime are cruel, barbaric and evil. The United
States must develop a comprehensive strategy to defeat ISIS and punish
all responsible for the assassination of American hostages, and I hope
youll join me in prayer for Kaylas family during this unimaginable
ordeal.
Speaking
with members of the United Fresh Produce Associations Government
Relations Council.
On Wednesday I
spoke with United Fresh members about the port shutdown, our work on
drought relief legislation, and the changes being implemented to crop
insurance programs under the five-year farm bill we passed last week.
We also discussed the pressing need for immigration reform to support
our ag economy.
Rosa Park and her husband visited my office in
D.C.
Rosa Park, who works for
the Stanislaus Council of Governments, and her husband were able to
book a tour of the Capitol through my office this week. I appreciated her
meeting with me and my staff to discuss the transportation challenges
we face in the Valley.
Wishing you a great
weekend!
JEFF DENHAM
Do you think the
President has outlined a viable strategy to achieving the goal of defeating
and degrading the ISIS organization?
Yes No Do
you think the Congress should approve the authorization to use
military force the President submitted this week?
Yes No Unsure Do you
support or oppose Congressional action resolving the West Coast port
problem?
Support Oppose *By
answering this survey, you are subscribing to my newsletter. If
you are having trouble, click here.
E-mail Updates
Yes,
please periodically send me e-mail updates.*
*By subscribing to my
e-mail updates, you are
authorizing me to send regular e-mail updates from my office to your
e-mail account.
DC office:
1730 Longworth
HOB
Washington, DC
20515
P: 202-225-4540
F: 202-225-3402
Modesto Office:
4701 Sisk
Road, Suite 202
Modesto, CA 95356
P: 209-579-5458
F:
209-579-5028
Unsubscribe
|
Update My
Profile
|
Privacy Policy
gateway mail end
