
If you are having trouble viewing this message or
would like to share it on a social network, you can
view the message online .
HOME
NEWS
SERVICES
LEGISLATION
CONTACT
February 16, 2015
As Congress
Advances Bipartisan Solutions, President Playing
Politics
This past week the House of Representatives
passed three separate bipartisan pieces of legislation that would
lend important support to American families, small businesses and
quality job growth.
After years
of delays and the previous Democrat-controlled Senate running
interference for the White House, the Keystone XL Pipeline authorization bill
will soon be sent to President Obama's desk for his signature. This
bill will create thousands of jobs and increase our energy independence.
The bipartisan support it secured reflects the American peoples
desire to see Congress work together on concrete solutions. Keystone is
part of a broader, ongoing effort to achieve energy independence and
expand economic opportunity and job
creation.
Additionally, the House advanced two common sense tax
proposals to give Americans across the country much
needed certainty. The
Americas Small Business Tax Relief
Act
(H.R. 636) provides for small businesses to expense
investments in new equipment and property. Allowing small business
entrepreneurs to invest in new equipment or capital improvements is
a prudent incentive to encourage greater growth in our economy
and job creation.
The
Fighting Hunger Incentive Act
(H.R. 644) makes
permanent the enhanced deduction for contributions of food as well
as a provision allowing tax-free distributions from IRAs for charitable
purposes. All across the country, charitable food organizations rely
on the goodwill of individuals to give back to their communities.
Their generosity should not be taxed.
As Congress does its job, President Obama has spent the first six
weeks of this new year and new Congress offering one veto threat after
another. He's shown very little interest in actually governing or
offering any new, positive ideas to strengthen the country. The president
ought to take off the lenses of his political agenda and make a
constructive effort to work with Congress on common sense, bipartisan
solutions.
Please Feel Free to Tell a
Friend E-mail:
E-mail: E-mail:
Share on
Facebook Share on Twitter
Washington DC Office
100 Cannon House Office Building
Washington DC 20515
Phone: 202-225-4501
Fax:
202-225-4656
District Office:
85-C Mill Street, Suite 300
Roswell, GA 30075
Phone: 770-998-0049
Fax:
770-998-0050
Internet:
Web:
http://tomprice.house.gov
E-mail:
E-mail
Tom by clicking here
Unsubscribe
|
Update My Profile
|
Privacy Policy
