
U.S. Congressman
BUDDY CARTER
Proudly Serving Georgia's 1st District
the clock is ticking
This week in Texas, United States Federal Judge Andrew S. Hanen ordered a halt to President Obamas executive actions on immigration, agreeing with Georgia and twenty-five other states that filed a lawsuit opposing the Presidents unconstitutional attempt to rewrite our immigration system around Congress. This is a welcome announcement as the President himself said twenty-two times that he did not have the authority to move forward with his executive orders.
The decision temporarily prohibits the Obama administration from carrying out programs the President announced in November that would grant amnesty to as many as five million undocumented immigrants and cause irreparable harm. The most important decision made by Judge Hanen is that, contrary to the Justice Departments claim, the states are legally allowed to bring this lawsuit because they are going to suffer concrete, measurable costs. For example, it will cost states millions of dollars in mandatory fees set by federal law when these states have to process additional drivers licenses.
While I look forward to watching this case as it moves through the legal system, House Republicans have already acted to stand up to the President and restore the balance of powers when we passed a bill to fund the Department of Homeland Security and block the executive orders. However, Senate Democrats continue to block movement of this bill and are refusing to even let amendment debate begin. They are sending a clear message that they would rather grant legal status and work permits to those who have broken our laws and are in our country illegally instead of protecting the paychecks of the fine men and women who work to protect our homeland.
The clock is ticking. Funding for the Department of Homeland Security will lapse on February 27th and it's time for Senate Democrats to stop playing games and allow our bill to move forward to fund the Department of Homeland Security and block President Obamas unconstitutional executive action on immigration once and for all.
from our nation's capitol vii
Monday, February 16, 2015:
One of the many fine projects that my predecessor Jack Kingston implemented during his time in office was the First District Congressional Art Competition.
Sponsored by the Congressional Institute, this is a nationwide high school visual art competition that recognizes and encourages artistic talent in the nation and in each congressional district.
Yesterday, at Armstrong State University (ASU), we held a reception to announce this years winner and recognize the great work submitted by district area students.
With the help of Dr. John Kato and members of the ASU Fine Arts Department, this years winner was chosen and their work will be displayed for one year at the U.S. Capitol.
I was extremely impressed with the excellent works that these talented students submitted.
The teachers and parents who participated and supported the students were also a refreshing reminder of how blessed we are in our district.
Today is President's Day and, because we have no votes in Washington this week, we will be in the district for a work week.
Today is also the first of what will be five town hall meetings in four days that we will be hosting in the district this week.
We hold our first town hall meeting this afternoon at the Armstrong State University Conference Center and it is a huge success as we have over 80 people in attendance.
While I do spend some time at the beginning of the meeting to review my experiences over the first six weeks of this years Congress, I view the meetings more as a listening session for me to be reminded of the issues and concerns that citizens of the district have on their mind. Later that evening, I have the opportunity to attend the Skidaway Island Republican Clubs annual Presidents Day Dinner where we hear from noted author and columnist John Podhoretz.
Tuesday, February 17, 2015:
Were up early and in Jesup at 8:00 AM this morning for a guest appearance on the world famous Butch and Bob radio show.
Its always fun to be with these two great guys and I enjoy sharing with them and their many listeners in Wayne and surrounding counties of my experiences in Congress thus far.
Next we head over to tape a cable TV interview with Bill Garland before heading to our next town hall meeting at Coastal Pines Technical College in Jesup. We have another great turnout and the questions and comments assure me that the citizens of Wayne County are indeed engaged with the issues our country is facing.
When we get back to Savannah later that afternoon, I have the opportunity to attend a news conference near the Georgia Ports in Garden City with U.S. Transportation Secretary Anthony Foxx.
Secretary Foxx is on a nationwide tour to stress the importance of transportation and infrastructure funding for our nation.
The fact that he has chosen the Savannah area and the Georgia Ports for a stop on his tour speaks volumes of the importance of this area to our nations economy.
Later that evening I have the opportunity to attend the Fellowship of Christian Athletes banquet where we hear testimony from University of Georgia head football coach Mark Richt.
Wednesday, February 18, 2015:
We begin today with a meeting with the Brunswick/Golden Isles Chamber of Commerce Board of Directors before heading down to Camden County for the first of two town hall meetings that we are hosting today. Our first meeting is held at the College of Coastal Georgia Camden campus and not only do we have a great turnout from members of the community but we also have a good number of students, always an encouraging site. Camden County, home to Kings Bay Naval Base is a great area and always enjoyable to visit. Afterwards, we head back up to Brunswick for an afternoon town hall meeting but first we stop by DaVita Dialysis for a tour of their facility as well as the recently completed Brunswick High School, a state of the art facility that has me constantly looking around saying wow.
Our town hall meeting in Brunswick is held at the College of Coastal Georgia and, as is always the case in this area, is well attended by informed, engaged citizens whose questions and comments are excellent.
Thursday, February 19, 2015:
We begin our day in Pooler with a visit to JCB where I have the opportunity to tour their impressive facility as well as speak to the Association of Equipment Manufacturers (AEM), a group in town to promote their I Make America campaign promoting U.S. manufacturing jobs.
At lunch I attend the Savannah Area Chamber of Commerce Military Affairs Council meeting where we hear from former Secretary of the Navy, Will Ball.
Later that afternoon we head over to Waycross where we hold our final town hall meeting of the week at South Georgia State College.
I have many relatives in Waycross, including my in-laws and sister, and it always feels like a second home to me.
The town hall meeting is well attended and, as has been the case at all our events this week, the questions and comments are great.
We finish up what turns out to be a busy day with a visit to the Charlton County Chamber of Commerce annual awards banquet in Folkston.
This area located on the Georgia-Florida state line has always impressed me with their energy and commitment.
Friday, February 20, 2015:
Often times, just when you think it cant get any better, it does.
Thats certainly the case today as we have the opportunity to tour our nations finest Army installation located right here in the First District at Hunter/Fort Stewart. My staff and I are honored today to receive a personal tour of this great facility by General Blackburn and his fine staff.
The opportunity to see first hand the impressive equipment and facilities located here is indeed a privilege.
It also provides me with a better understanding of the needs of this facility so that I can be more effective in my role in Congress.
Without question, the most impressive asset that this great facility possesses is the dedicated men and women that we meet today.
Those who wear our countrys uniform and serve in our armed forces make us thankful and proud every day. Rock of the Marne!
WEBSITE
|
UNSUBSCRIBE
|
CONTACT
Click Here Click Here