
News
from
Representative
Scott
Perry
March
8 , 2015
This week Israeli Prime Minister Netanyahu addressed Congress. In his address, he rightly described a nuclear-armed Iran as one of the gravest security threats facing both the United States and our allies, especially Israel. House Speaker John Boehner had every right to ask the Prime Minister Netanyahu to address Congress on the grave threats posed by radical Islam and Iran to our security and way of life. The Obama Administrations efforts to inject politics into this situation are regrettable. Despite accusations from the White House, this invitation is not a departure from official protocol. Speaker Boehner recently extended a similar invitation to the President of Afghanistan
with no objections from the White House.
Prime Minister Netanyahu Addressing Congress
Congress has broad bipartisan agreement for a strategy that lifts sanctions in stages, forcing Iran to dismantle its nuclear and ballistic-missile programs in a transparent, permanent and verifiable manner, thereby finally complying with its own international obligations. Late last year, 352 House Members wrote Secretary of State John Kerry and emphasized, We believe that Irans willingness to fully reveal all aspects of its nuclear program is a fundamental test of Irans intention to uphold a comprehensive agreement; if Irans nuclear program is truly peaceful, "its not a hard proposition to prove."
The only reasonable conclusion for its stonewalling of international investigators is that Tehran does, indeed, have much to hide.
I strongly believe that any potential agreement must take the form of a treaty, be debated fully by the American people and approved with the advice and consent of the Senate.
The Iranians already have made clear that any deal would require their parliaments approval and President Obama is obligated, at the very least, to do the same.
Unconstitutional Executive Action
The House also passed a Department of Homeland Security funding bill this week.
More than six weeks ago, the U.S. House voted to fund the Department of Homeland Security for the remainder of the fiscal year. Harry Reid and Senate Democrats refused to even debate the bill. Since then, House Republicans offered several common-sense proposals to reach a bipartisan solution
but Reid and Senate Democrats refused even to consider them.
Not surprisingly, the national media keeps trying to pin the blame for this situation on House Republicans. Yet, Republicans are united in the belief that President Obamas executive actions are unconstitutional. By refusing even to debate the issue, however, Congressional Democrats have made it clear that defending the Presidents unilateral overreach is a higher priority than Homeland Security funding.
Our immigration system clearly is broken and I want to fix it, but this isnt the way. Our Constitution clearly states that Congress writes the law, the President executes the law, and the Judiciary interprets the law. The President is not authorized to make law
which President Obama himself reiterated more than 20 times last year.
Unfortunately, this fight is far from over as the Obama Administration announced yesterday that theyre open to the idea of using executive actions to raise taxes. Ill continue to aggressively oppose any legislation that violates my Oath of Office to uphold the Constitution.
Town Meeting
Finally, to ensure that you are able to share your concerns regarding issues before the United States Congress and the federal government I will host a town meeting tomorrow.
The meeting will be held from 6 p.m. to 7:30 p.m. on Monday, March 9 in the social hall of Heidlersburg United Brethren in Christ Church, 2736 Heidlersburg Road, Gettysburg.
You will be updated on issues currently facing Congress, including the federal budget, job creation and homeland and national security.
Afterwards, Ill welcome questions. For me effectively to represent you in Congress, I regularly need
and seek - your feedback on the issues facing our country.
Sincerely,
Scott G. Perry
JOIN
ME
ON
Adams
County
Office
22
Chambersburg
Street
Gettysburg,
PA
17325
Phone:
717-338-1919
Fax:
717-334-6314
Cumberland/Dauphin
Counties
Office
730
North
Front
Street
Wormleysburg,
PA
17043
Phone:
717-635-9504
Fax:
717-635-9861
York
County
Office
2209
East
Market
Street
York,
PA
17402
Phone:
717-600-1919
Fax:
717-757-5001
Washington,
DC
Office
1207 Longworth HOB
Washington,
DC
20515
Phone:
202-225-5836
Fax:
202-226-1000
Sign
Up
for
the
Member's
Newsletter:
Subscribe
Unsubscribe
to
the
Member's
Newsletter:
Unsubscribe
Please
do
not
reply
to
this
email.
The
mailbox
is
unattended.
To
share
your
thoughts
please
visit
my
webpage
-
http://perry.house.gov
