
If you are having trouble viewing this
message or would like to share it on a social network, you can
view the message online .
February 20, 2015
Unsubscribe
Update My Profile
Website
|
Meet Rodney
|
11th
District
Services
|
Newsroom
|
Contact
Rodney
e-News 2/20/15
A temporary
Victory for the Constitution
Revealing
Comments on the Terrorist Threats Facing
America
Krauthammer: "Crusaders or Appeasers."
Recommended Reading: Secret War in
Afghanistan
Listening Tour Continues: three schools, two
Rotary Clubs
Salute: Parsippanys
Jack Gartenberg and Other Iwo Jima
Veterans
Salute: Raritan Boroughs John Basilone, Medal of Honor
awardee
A temporary
Victory for the Constitution
President Obamas
executive actions on immigration are on hold today after a federal court judge
in Texas blocked his attempt to rewrite immigration
laws.
Judge Andrew Hanen issued a temporary injunction earlier this week
preventing implementation of the Presidents orders that award
quasi-legal status and work permits to some five million illegal
immigrants.
Last November, the Department of Homeland Security (DHS)
published memos instructing immigration enforcers to disregard federal laws
that require deportation of the undocumented and place strict limits
on who may work in the U.S. The White House and DHS claim this
"deferred action" is nothing more than routine "prosecutorial discretion." In
other words, the President is telling DHS officers that it is ok to
disregard the land of the land when it comes to deporting illegal
aliens.
I view this situation quite
differently.
Article One, Section 8 of our Constitution specifically gives the
Congress, and the Congress alone, the power to draft Americas
immigration laws. In fact, the President himself admitted 22 times that he did
not have the authority to take the executive actions he took right
after the last election.
Judge Hanen apparently agrees.
He wrote: "'The DHS' job is to enforce the laws Congress passes and
the President signs (or at least does not veto). It has broad discretion
to utilize when it is enforcing a law. Nevertheless, no statute gives
the DHS the discretion it is trying to exercise here."
So
this issue is about more than immigration reform. In the months ahead,
there will be opportunities for this Congress to debate broader
border security and immigration measures.
But we must continue to
oppose the Presidents unconstitutional executive amnesty to preserve the
roles delegated to each branch of government by our
Founders!
Read Judge Hanens order
here .
Read a related
Wall Street Journal
editorial, Obamas Immigration Rebuke
here .
Revealing Comments on the Threat Facing America
The Obama Administration this week staged a
long-planned Anti-Extremism Summit, in Washington, hosting senior leaders
from 60 nations at the White House and the State Department.
While
nothing of discernible substance came from the meeting, the President
confirmed the suspicions of many people when he declared, The notion
that the West is at war with Islam is an ugly lie.
Of
course, were not at war with all of the Islam.
However, I agree
with Senator John McCain who responded, The notion that
radical
Islam is not at war with the West is a
lie.
If one gets the sense that the Obama Administration is in denial
about the threats facing America and our allies today, heres another
quote from a senior Administration official this week. The United
States is not "in a time of war," according to Attorney General Eric
Holder.
He uttered these words on Tuesday, less than a week after the
Obama administration sought new authorization to use military force
against the Islamic State in Iraq and Syria (ISIS).
The fact
of the matter is that the President created or exacerbated the
security situation we are in today by insisting on fulfilling a domestic
campaign promise to withdraw from Iraq, irrespective of the political and
military situation there in 2011.
The resulting vacuum gave
terrorists the opportunity to flourish because they knew he would never
send U.S. fighting forces back to reclaim it. And, today, the President
appears to be rushing to the exits in Afghanistan, against the advice
of his generals.
He continues to deny the assistance that the
Ukrainian people need to defend their own homeland and independence
from Russian aggression.
President Obama owns these world
crises because of his mistakes, attitude and ambivalence about the
military.
No Washington summit can change that
fact.
"Crusaders or Appeasers."
Read
Charles Krauthammers column in the Washington Post
here .
Recommended Reading: Secret War in
Afghanistan
Read the
New York
Times
Story, U.S. Is Escalating a Secretive War in Afghanistan,
Data From Seized Computer Fuels a Surge in U.S. Raids on Al Qaeda
here .
Listening Tour Continues:
three schools, two Rotary Clubs
In addition to
visiting students at three schools in different corners of the
11 th
Congressional District, I had the opportunity to meet with members
of two Rotary Clubs this week.
The major topics of discussion
included immigration, the advance of forces from the so-called Islamic
State, the Keystone pipeline, Obamacare and taxation.
Salute: Parsippanys Jack Gartenberg and Other Iwo Jima
Veterans
A sincere thank you to Parsippanys Kack
Gartenberg and all other veterans of World War IIs Pacific campaign as we
marked the 70 th
a nniversary of the Battle of Iwo Jima this
week.
Read Michael Izzos story in the
Daily
Record
here .
Salute:
Raritan Boroughs John Basilone, Medal of Honor
awardee
We remember the courage of Marine Gunnery Sgt. John Basilone who
was killed in action seventy years ago today on Iwo Jima. He was
posthumously awarded the Navy Cross for heroism
making him the first and
only enlisted Marine to receive the Medal of Honor, as well as the
Navy Cross, during World War II.
Contact Information
WASHINGTON, D.C.
2306 Rayburn House Office
Building
Washington, DC 20515-3011
(202) 225-5034
NEW
JERSEY
30 Schuyler Place, Second Floor
Morristown, NJ 07960
(973)
984-0711
Update My Profile
-
Unsubscribe
-
Privacy
Policy
