
HOME
|
About Mike
|
Contact YOUR Office
|
Serving You
|
Newsroom
|
Legislative Work
|
4th District
|
Resources
WEBSITE
| SHARE ON:
Greetings,
As a member of the House Select Committee on Benghazi, I along with Chairman Trey Gowdy, remain committed to the mission we have been given:
to do all that we can to obtain the truth about the events surrounding the deaths of four Americans on September 11, 2012 in Benghazi, Libya and to share all of the facts with the families of the deceased and with the American people.
We still have brave American diplomats operating at the tip of the spear keeping us all safe
we owe them nothing less than that effort.
Over the past several weeks, it became clear that former Secretary of State Clinton did not use the secure email system that she, and every other employee of the United States Department of State, was directed to use for official business.
She chose, instead, to conduct all of her diplomatic business on behalf of America on non-official, private servers using personal email addresses.
This is really simple.
The Benghazi Committee and the American people are entitled to obtain all of former Secretary Clintons emails, and other communications such as texts, pertaining to our investigation.
For over two years, multiple Congressional inquiries were never informed that the documents that had been provided by the State Department did not contain the former Secretarys complete set of emails.
They were never told that the State Department was not in possession of those emails and could not produce them as requested.
Our committee must be the first to have access to those materials and we will do all in our power to make sure this happens.
Every time we have sought documents weve been met with stonewalling and delays.
Its what makes the following statement by former Secretary Clinton so odd:
To request that the State Department release emails that have been under her control on her own personal server for years seems strange.
Former Secretary Clinton could release these emails to the public and the Benghazi Committee immediately, on her own, but she has yet to do so.
There are significant gaps in the Clinton emails that our committee has received from the State Department.
Watch Rep. Gowdy's interview from Face The Nation on this topic
here .
This weekend I spoke with CNNs Michael Smerconish on this issue.
Smerconish - March 7, 2015
This is not about politics.
This is about transparency, accountability and keeping Americans safe.
Many questions remain that the committee has been charged with addressing, including:
Have we received all of the relevant Clinton Benghazi emails and communications?
The American people would be ill-served if that question is answered only by former Secretary Clinton and her lawyers;
Did other Department of State employees have personal email accounts that have kept important documents out of the American peoples hands or was former Secretary Clinton special and unique in her exclusive use of her own private emails to conduct the peoples diplomatic business?
And, so as to protect current diplomats, do we know whether foreign governments, our enemies, were adequately prevented from gaining access to any sensitive materials related to Benghazi that may have been in former Secretary of State Clintons possession?
The State Department spends tens of millions of dollars per year to prevent compromises of emails to hackers and cyber threats, yet only now is the State Department reviewing years and years of Clintons diplomatic emails that have been outside of their security firewall the entire time.
Kansans know how important this investigation remains.
Those who said there was nothing that had not already been investigated have been proven, once again, wrong.
Our task remains to get the answers to the remaining facts surrounding the tragedy in Benghazi on the night of September 11, 2012.
The mission continues.
Respectfully,
Mike Pompeo
Member of Congress
Connect With Mike
NOTE: Please
DO NOT
respond to this email as this
inbox is unattended . To contact my office please
click here
WASHINGTON, DC OFFICE
436 Cannon HOB
Washington, DC 20515
Phone:
(202) 225-6216
Fax:
(202) 225-3489
WICHITA, KS OFFICE
7701 E. Kellogg, Suite 510
Wichita, KS 67207
Phone:
(316) 262-8992
Fax:
(316) 262-5309
UPDATE SUBSCRIPTION OPTIONS
|
PRIVACY POLICY
|
CONTACT US
Click Here Click Here