
March 18, 2015
Vea informacin en espaol
Dear Friends,
Tax season is here, and I want to remind you to choose your tax preparer carefully. While most preparers provide honest, high-quality service, reports are coming in from around the country about tax preparers who are trying to take advantage of honest taxpayers, and targeting Spanish speakers in particular.
This year, there are new requirements in place for the first time that may require you to make a payment to the IRS if you do not have health insurance. Use the
IRS's interactive online tool
to determine if you need to make a payment.
Haga clic aqu para aprender ms sobre el Pago de la Responsabilidad Compartida Individual y como evitar el fraude.
Most individuals will not be affected by these changes, but some preparers are telling individuals that they must make health care related payments to the preparers directly because of their immigration status.
Tips about health care payments on your taxes:
If you are an immigrant with DACA status, you are exempt from these health care payment requirements, even if you have a Social Security number.
Taxpayers who owe a health care related payment should either pay with your tax return or in response to a letter from the IRS requesting payment.
You should not make the payment directly to any individual or return preparer . Most people dont owe the payment at all because they have health coverage or qualify for an exemption.
If youre not sure whether you are required to make a health care related payment, you can use
this online tool .
Some tips on choosing a tax preparer wisely:
The IRS maintains a
directory of tax preparers
who hold professional credentials recognized by the IRS.
Additional tips on choosing a tax preparer are available
here .
For more information, or for help with any IRS matter, please call my district office at (213) 481-1425.
Sincerely,
XAVIER BECERRA
Member of Congress
Los Angeles Office
Washington D.C Office
350 South Bixel Street, Suite 120
Los Angeles, CA 90017
Tel.
213-481-1425
1226 Longworth HOB
Washington D.C. 20515
Tel.
202-225-6235
Unsubscribe
|
Update My Profile
|
Privacy Policy
Click Here
to view this email in your browser
Click Here
to be removed from this list