
My first month as Executive Director of the DSCC has been a whirlwind. The GOP-controlled Congress didn&rsquo;t waste any time in trying to push their failed ideas
David -- My first month as Executive Director of the DSCC has been a whirlwind.
The GOP-controlled Congress didn&rsquo;t waste any time in trying to push their failed ideas on the American public, but you fought back.
You signed our petitions, you told us what we should focus on, and you helped us reach our fundraising goal.
Now -- can you help me out again? I&rsquo;m relying on you:
Will you take our brief February survey to help inform Democratic priorities going forward? We need your response by Friday.
We want to know:
What should be the Senate Democrats&rsquo; priority this month? Should it be passing a budget that helps the middle class? Defeating extreme Republican bills? Or something else?
Who DON&rsquo;T you want to see as the GOP presidential nominee?
You&rsquo;re the driving force behind our work, so your opinion matters to us.
Let us know what you think! Take our quick, four-question survey by Friday.
Thanks,
Tom Lopach
DSCC Executive Director
P.S. We could really use your help to start working on our 2015-2016 priorities.
Will you renew your Democratic membership for 2015?
Democratic Senatorial Campaign Committee
P.O. Box 96047
Washington, DC 20090
Paid for by the Democratic Senatorial Campaign Committee, dscc.org,
and not authorized by any candidate or candidate&#39;s committee.
The DSCC is the only organization solely dedicated to supporting Democrats in the U.S. Senate. This message was sent to dj724530@gmail.com because you are a part of the DSCC&rsquo;s grassroots network. Please add us to your address book or approved senders list to make sure you keep receiving DSCC updates.
Emails are a critical way for us to stay in touch with our grassroots supporters. 99% of the DSCC&rsquo;s contributions come from grassroots donors giving less than $200. We also strive to keep you updated on issues related to the Democratic Party&rsquo;s values.
If you&rsquo;d like to stop receiving emails related to this campaign, please
click here .
If you&#39;d like to make a contribution to support us, please
click here . We are already beginning to prepare for the fight ahead &ndash; reclaiming the majority in 2016. It will take every single grassroots supporter, but we know it&rsquo;s possible with your help. If you&rsquo;d like to stop receiving all emails from the DSCC, please
unsubscribe . We greatly appreciate your continued support.
Contributions or gifts to the DSCC are not tax deductible.
