
If you are having trouble viewing this
message or would like to share it on a social network, you can
view the message online .
March 06, 2015
Unsubscribe
Update My Profile
Website
|
Meet Rodney
|
11th
District
Services
|
Newsroom
|
Contact
Rodney
e-News 3/6/15
Never forget what
happened on September 11,
2001
Secretary of Defense Testifies Before Frelinghuysen
Committee
Supporting Necessary Assistance to
Ukraine
Obama needs to provide real
answers to Netanyahus arguments
The
Unravelingof Libya
Continuing to
Rebuild VA Health Care
Obamacares Demise?
As new Common Core Testing is Ushered
in, Some Sit Out
Salute: Jane Beline
of the Parsippany-Troy Hills Library System
Never forget what happened on September
11, 2001
Leadership and governing are important to
me.
That is why the lack of both here in Washington over the
past few weeks has been so troubling.
Our citizens have an
appropriate expectation that Congress will seriously address many critical
domestic and foreign policy issues.
In the case of funding for the
Department of Homeland Security, Congress and the President had not
gotten our business done.
Until
now.
Continuity of operations at the Department of Homeland Security (DHS),
in a heightened threat environment, is vital.
Besides chairing
the Defense Appropriations Subcommittee, I also serve on the Homeland
Security Appropriations Subcommittee, which oversees the
Transportation Security Administration (TSA), Coast Guard, U.S. Customs and Border
Security, FEMA, and more than a dozen other essential agencies that
protect us.
Failing to fund their operations was unthinkable. At
every opportunity I voted to fully fund the requirements of the DHS,
including on Tuesday when the final funding bill passed the
House.
While I strongly disagree with the President's unilateral
executive action on immigration last November, I did not feel the DHS budget
should be interrupted.
I never forget what happened on
September 11, 2001 and have worked diligently to see that such a heinous
attack never happens again. In fact, as early advocate of the Urban Area
Security Initiative (UASI) program that is so important to northern New
Jersey, I have worked to protect that specific program, as the memory
of al Qaedas murderous assault fades for some.
As part of
my job, I participate in multiple public, "closed" and classified
hearings and briefings.
In my Congressional travel to the Middle
East, and elsewhere, I see and hear firsthand from foreign leaders, as
well as have frank discussions with our troops. Many have already
concluded that our leadership in the world has badly eroded and many are
worried that the "bad guys" are winning, whether they be ISIL, al Qaeda,
Russia, Iran, or aggressors like North Korea or China.
These
issues, so essential to our national security, go far beyond politics for
me, because I work to support our Commander in Chief, even when I
strongly disagree with his military and foreign policy
decisions.
Secretary of Defense Testifies Before Frelinghuysen
Committee
The new Secretary of Defense, Dr. Aston
Carter, testified before my House Defense Appropriations Subcommittee for
the first time this week.
As expected, he urged our Committee
members to endorse plans for a Pentagon base budget that exceeds federal
spending caps under the Budget Control Act (BCA) by $35 billion.
He said the president's request for a $534 billion Pentagon base
budget for 2016 would help the military begin to recover after 14 years of
war and enable it to invest in a new generation of weapons for the
future.
What the Administration seems not to acknowledge is
that the Department of Defense is staring down the barrel of renewed
tight budget caps and our Appropriations Committee has no choice but to
comply with current law.
Unless and until the law is changed, our
committee has no choice but to draft our bill to comply with the ...
caps, at least $37 billion below the president's budget
request.
This is our Committees starting point.
We all hope
that the dangerously low BCA funding levels for military operations
and modernization will be the catalyst for a serious discussion of our
security priorities.
Watch the entire hearing
here .
Supporting Necessary Assistance to
Ukraine
I was among a bipartisan group of House
leaders and committee chairs has sent a letter to President Obama
urging him to approve lethal defensive aid for Ukraine.
In
the wake of a cease-fire agreement that appears only to have
consolidated Russian and separatist gains since the first Minsk agreement, we
wrote,
we urge you to quickly approve additional efforts to
support Ukraines efforts to defend its sovereign territory, including
through the transfer of lethal, defensive weapons systems to the Ukrainian
military .
Signed by eight Republicans and
three Democrats, the letter notes that Congress has already, with
overwhelming bipartisan support, provided you with the authorities,
resources, and political support to provide assistance, including lethal,
to the government and people of Ukraine.
In addition to
my signature, the bipartisan letter was signed and sent yesterday
by Speaker Boehner, House Majority Leader Kevin
McCarthy (R-CA), Appropriations Committee Chairman Hal
Rogers (R-KY), Armed Services Committee Chairman Mac
Thornberry (R-TX), Foreign Affairs Committee Chairman Ed
Royce (R-CA), Intelligence Committee Chairman Devin Nunes (R-CA), State and
Foreign Operations Appropriations Subcommittee Chairwoman Kay
Granger (R-TX), Rep. Eliot Engel (D-NY), ranking Democrat on the
House Foreign Affairs Committee, and Rep. Adam
Schiff (D-CA), ranking Democrat on the House Permanent Select Committee on
Intelligence, and Rep. Adam Smith (D-WA), ranking Democrat on the
House Armed Services Committee.
Read the full letter
below:
Dear Mr. President:
From the very
beginning of the crisis in Ukraine, a bipartisan majority in Congress
has indicated it understands the crisis in Ukraine to be about more
than a Russian assault on the independence and sovereignty of
Ukraine.
It is even more than simply a component of a revisionist Russian
strategy to redraw international borders and impose its will on its
neighbors.
It is a grotesque violation of international law, a
challenge to the west, and an assault on the international order
established at such great cost in the wake of World War
II.
On September 18, 2014, President Petro Poroshenko addressed a Joint
Meeting of the United States Congress.
He made a passionate plea
for the United States and other nations to put action behind their
commitment to freedom, democracy, and human dignity.
He thanked the
Congress for its steadfast, bipartisan support for the people in
Ukraine struggling to recapture the freedom and territorial integrity of
Ukraine, but he also reminded us and the world that words alone do not
beat back aggression and violence.
He, like so many friends and
allies in Eastern Europe, the Baltic States, and the South Caucasus,
remind us daily that the cost of freedom is high, and like any virtue,
it is compromised by a lack of
vigilance.
The Congress responded to his call to action, and we sent you the
Ukraine Freedom Support Act in December.
To date, the administration
has not utilized the authorities provided in the Ukraine Freedom
Support Act to provide defensive military systems to the Ukrainian
government.
This week, shortly after the one-year
anniversary of the Revolution of Dignity, Members of the Ukrainian Rada
visiting Washington reiterated President Poroshenkos long-standing plea for
assistance to the Ukrainian military.
We understand these
officials discussed a list of military equipment at the Pentagon and with
National Security Council staff, and we understand these long-standing
requests await a political decision from
you.
In the wake of a cease-fire agreement that appears only to have
consolidated Russian and separatist gains since the first Minsk agreement,
and in anticipation of the near certainty that Russia and its
separatist proxies continue their efforts to destabilize Ukraine and seize
additional territory, we urge you to quickly approve additional efforts
to support Ukraines efforts to defend its sovereign territory,
including through the transfer of lethal, defensive weapons systems to the
Ukrainian military.
We should not wait until
Russian troops and their separatist proxies take Mariupol or Kharkiv
before we act to bolster the Ukrainian governments ability to deter and
defend against further aggression.
We
understand your desire to prioritize unity of effort with Europe, and we
believe our European and NATO allies should make clear that Russian
aggression in the heart of Europe is unacceptable with deeds as well as
words.
But we urge you to lead Europe in challenging this assault
on international order, lest our foreign policy be held hostage by the
lowest common denominator of European consensus.
In the face of
Russian aggression, the lack of clarity on our overall strategy thus
far has done little to reassure our friends and allies in the
region who, understandably, feel vulnerable.
This needs
to change.
The Congress has already, with
overwhelming bipartisan support, provided you with the authorities, resources,
and political support to provide assistance, including
lethal, to the government and people of Ukraine.
We urge you in the
strongest possible terms to use those authorities and resources to meet
the specific and direct requests the government of Ukraine has made
of your
administration.
Obama needs to provide real answers to Netanyahus
arguments.
The day after Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin
Netanyahus remarkable speech to a joint meeting of Congress, the
Washington Post
published the
editorial , Obama needs to provide real answers to Netanyahus
arguments.
Its a worthwhile read.
The
Unraveling of Libya
It would also be worth your while to
read " The Unravelling ." In a failing state, an
anti-Islamist general mounts a divisive campaign by Jon Lee Andersonof
the
New
Yorker .
Continuing to Rebuild VA Health Care
The House this
week passed two bipartisan bills designed to deliver more
accountability and better care for the nations veterans.
H.R.
280, gives the Veterans Affairs (VA) Secretary complete authority to
recoup bonuses paid to VA employees.
H.R. 294, the Long-Term
Care Veterans Choice Act, authorizes the VA to provide long-term care
for veterans through medical foster homes. The average cost of a
medical foster home is approximately half the cost of a nursing
home.
It is a tragic fact that dozens of our veterans died waiting for
care, and the VA currently has no way to retrieve bonuses collected by
un-performing bureaucrats. Meanwhile, we must continue doing all we
can to deliver the 21st-century health care system our veterans
deserve.
Thats why the House has also acted to expand the options
available for addressing the long-term care needs of our
veterans.
Passage of these bills follow enactment earlier this year of
H.R. 203, the Clay Hunt Suicide Prevention for American Veterans Act,
bipartisan legislation that will help more veterans get access to
mental health care resources.
Obamacares
Demise?
The Presidents controversial Obama care program hangs
in the balance once again.
The
King v. Burwell
case, which has the potential to bring down Obamacare, was argued before
the Supreme Court this week. The
Affordable Care Act
mandates that health care exchanges be "established by the state" -- however
37 states did not set up state-run exchanges, instead relying on the
federal government's Healthcare.gov. The Supreme Court case rests on
these four key words: "established by the state." If the 37 states that
did not set up exchanges are deemed breaking the law, Obamacare will
probably face its demise.
As new Common Core
Testing is Ushered in, Some Sit Out
Bloomfield, Essex
County is in focus in the
New York
Times
article, As new Common Core Testing is Ushered in, Some Sit Out.
Read it
here .
Salute:
Jane
Beline of the Parsippany-Troy Hills Library , honored by the New
Jersey Legislature and the Town Council for her 25 years of valuable
service to the municipal library system.
Contact Information
WASHINGTON,
D.C.
2306 Rayburn House Office Building
Washington, DC
20515-3011
(202) 225-5034
NEW JERSEY
30 Schuyler
Place, Second Floor
Morristown, NJ 07960
(973) 984-0711
Update My
Profile
-
Unsubscribe
-
Privacy
Policy
