
It's been a busy few weeks serving East Bay families.
In Washington and in California's 13th District, I'm working for justice and fairness. Take a look at a few of my efforts. Please don't hesitate to reach out to me on
Facebook ,
Twitter , or
through my website .
Warm regards,
Fighting for Fairness in Student Loans
Students shouldn't have to take on a lifetime of debt to afford college. Thats why Im fighting to help more than 2.3 million Californians save an average of $2000 on each loan. Refinancing home and car loans is standard practice
students pursuing the American Dream should be able to do the same.
This bill is not a silver bullet for college affordability, but it's an important first step. To learn more about how the
Bank On Students Emergency Loan Refinancing Act of 2015
will help students,
read this article from the Daily Californian.
Investing in Families and Good Paying Jobs
Last week, House Republicans released yet another budget rigged to help special interests and the wealthy. Their plan guts food assistance programs, denies healthcare to millions and ends Medicare as we know it.
Rather than enriching defense contractors and balancing the budget on the backs of the poor, Congress should work for American families.
The Congressional Black Caucus's Alternative Budget
invests in job training, economic development, and sorely-needed anti-poverty programs.
I also support the Progressive Caucus's People's Budget , which creates more than 8 million jobs by 2018, and gives Americans a much-needed raise. Congress should be investing in families, not wealthy special interests.
Save the Berkeley Post Office
As the granddaughter of a letter carrier, I know that historic post offices are an irreplaceable part of our nations history and heritage. These buildings belong to the community and should not be used as a bargaining chip to solve the US Postal Service's financial woes.
The Berkeley Post Office is a cherished part of the East Bay community. I have
introduced a bill
to stop the callous attempts to auction off historic postal facilities. My legislation would prevent the postal service from selling any facility until all post offices listed or eligible for listing under the National Register of Historic Places are removed from the auction block.
Congressional Action on Cuba
Congress needs to act to end the embargo with Cuba and forge a stronger relationship with the island. Over the past forty years, I have visited Cuba more than 20 times and worked to build momentum to end more than five decades of failed policy.
When President Obama announced the change in policy in December, I was returning from a trip to Cuba to discuss their groundbreaking research in diabetes treatment. I firmly believe that building a more productive relationship with Cuba requires greater engagement from all. To learn more about how Congress can reform our failed Cuba policies,
read this article in the National Journal.
Click Here Click Here