
The Voting Rights Act has been gutted by a conservative Supreme Court decision -- but Republicans in Congress refuse to fix it. Sign your name to demand Congress protect the right to vote &gt;&gt;
NAME:
David Johnson Petition Signature:
SIGN ON &gt;&gt;
Sign Your Name &gt;&gt;
On Saturday, we celebrated the 50th anniversary of the Selma march &ndash; a seminal moment in American history where civil rights heroes stood up for their right to vote.
In a powerful speech, President Obama called on Congress to protect and expand the right to vote:
&ldquo;The Voting Rights Act, the culmination of so much blood and sweat and tears, the product of so much sacrifice in the face of wanton violence, stands weakened, its future subject to partisan rancor.
How can that be? The Voting Rights Act was one of the crowning achievements of our democracy, the result of Republican and Democratic effort. President Reagan signed its renewal when he was in office. President Bush signed its renewal when he was in office. One hundred Members of Congress have come here today to honor people who were willing to die for the right it protects.
If we want to honor this day, let these hundred go back to Washington, and gather four hundred more, and together, pledge to make it their mission to restore the law this year.&rdquo;
On this 50th anniversary of one the most poignant moments in Civil Rights history, it is more important than ever that we demand that Congress restore the protections in the Voting Rights Act. Will you stand up to demand basic voter protections be reinstated?
Voting is the most powerful non-violent tool we have in a democratic society. And the whole country loses when we prevent its citizens from exercising their constitutional rights. Sign your name to protect the right to vote: https://action.dccc.org/protect-voting
Thanks,
DCCC
Paid for by the Democratic Congressional Campaign Committee | 430 South Capitol Street SE, Washington, DC 20003 |
(202) 863-1500
| www.dccc.org | Not authorized by any candidate or candidate's committee.
This message was sent to:
dj724530@gmail.com
| If you'd like to sign up for emails in a different account, click
here .
We believe that emails are a crucial way for our campaign to stay in touch with supporters. However, if you'd just like to receive fewer emails, you can click
here .
We are already at work preparing for what's next. Early support will be critical for building our next campaign to defeat Tea Party Republicans. 99% of our contributions come from grassroots donations, with an average gift of $22. If you'd like to unsubscribe from DCCC emails, click
here . If you'd like to make an online donation, click
here . Thanks for your support of Democrats!
