
RAND'S NEWSLETTER UPDATE
MARCH 13, 2015
Please allow me to update you on this week's happenings in Washington, D.C.
Dr. Rand Paul Introduces REDEEM Act
This week, building on the growing momentum and bipartisan coalitions rallying behind broad-based criminal justice reform, Cory Booker (D-N.J.) and I re-introduced S. 675, the REDEEM Act, sweeping legislation to reform the nation's broken criminal justice system, which has grown increasingly costly over the past four decades.
The War on Drugs has had a disproportional affect on minorities and our inner cities. Our current system is broken and has trapped tens of thousands of young men and women in a cycle of poverty and incarceration. It is my hope that the REDEEM Act will help many of these young people escape this trap by reforming our criminal justice system, expunging records after time served, and preventing non-violent crimes from becoming a permanent blot on one's record.
Click
HERE
to read my entire statement.
Dr. Rand Paul Questions Sec. John Kerry on Authorization for War with ISIS
On Wednesday, I attended the Senate Foreign Relations Committee hearing to question Secretary of State John Kerry on the Obama Administration's proposed authorization for use of military force (AUMF) against the Islamic State, known as ISIS. During the hearing, I emphasized the need for the Executive Branch to abide by the U.S. Constitution and seek approval from the Legislative Branch on matters of war, and reiterated that Congress must carefully consider the long-term ramifications of passing an overly broad AUMF.
Click
HERE
or below to view the video of our exchange, and
HERE
to read my entire statement.
Dr. Rand Paul Introduces 'Read the Bills' Resolution
On Thursday, I introduced a resolution to change Senate rules to provide sufficient time for legislation to be read before being considered by the U.S. Senate. The waiting period point of order would require all bills, amendments, and conference reports to be filed for one day for every 20 pages before it can be considered. For truly urgent matters, such as a national security emergency, the timeline can be expedited.
I will continue to stand by my pledge to increase transparency and accessibility in the U.S. Senate. Too often in Congress, legislation is shoved through without hearings, amendments or debate. This bill would ensure that Congressional members are provided ample time to read all legislation before requiring a vote. If we are to answer to the American people, it is imperative we pay close attention to the legislation we pass.
Click
HERE
to read my statement.
Dr. Rand Paul and Sens. Booker &amp; Gillibrand Introduce CARERS Act
This week, Cory Booker (D-N.J.), Kirsten Gillibrand (D-N.Y.) and I stood
with patients, their families and advocates to announce new bipartisan
legislation that will allow the use of medical marijuana in states where
it is legal without fear of federal prosecution. The Compassionate
Access, Research Expansion and Respect States (CARERS) Act would
reschedule marijuana from a Schedule I to Schedule II drug to recognize
it has accepted medical use, and would amend federal law to allow states
to set their own medical marijuana policies.
For far too long, the government has enforced unnecessary laws that
have restricted the ability of the medical community to determine the
medicinal value of marijuana and have prohibited Americans from
receiving essential care that would alleviate their chronic pain and
suffering. I am proud to stand with Sens. Gillibrand and Booker to
introduce a bill that will fundamentally change our nation's drug
policies and have a positive impact on the lives of our Veterans and
children.
Click
HERE
to read my statement in its entirety, and
HERE
to watch my remarks at the CARERS Act Press Conference.
(Dr. Rand Paul with Sens. Booker and Gillibrand at CARERS Act Press Conference - March 9, 2015)
Dr. Rand Paul Meets with the Kentucky Credit Union League
On Tuesday, I had met with the Kentucky Credit Union League in the Strom Thurmond Room in the U.S. Capitol. While speaking with the group, we discussed the preservation of the United States' tax exemptions, as well as privacy notifications and regulatory relief.
(Dr. Rand Paul and the Kentucky Credit Union League - March 10, 2015)
Dr. Rand Paul Meets with Western Kentucky University Students
On Monday afternoon, I had the pleasure of meeting and speaking with students visiting from Western Kentucky University in my office in Washington, D.C. While talking with the group of students we discussed student loans, among other important issues.
(Dr. Rand Paul and WKU Students - March 9, 2015)
Dr. Rand Paul Meets with the Kentuckians from the American Congress of Obstetricians and Gynecologists
On Tuesday, I had the opportunity to meet with Kentuckians from the American Congress of Obstetricians and Gynecologists in Washington, D.C. As a physician for 20 years, I particularly enjoyed speaking with the group on many important topics including the setbacks in the medical community stemming from Obamacare.
(Dr. Rand Paul and American Congress of Obstetricians and Gynecologists - March 10, 2015)
Dr. Rand Paul Meets the National M.S. Society, Kentucky Chapter
I had the opportunity to meet with the Kentucky Chapter of the National Multiple Sclerosis Group on Wednesday afternoon. At the meeting, I listened to their concerns and received an update on successful treatments for rehabilitation from M.S. research funding.
(Dr. Rand Paul and the National M.S. Society - March 11, 2015)
Dr. Rand Paul Meets KY Representatives from the U.S. Senate Youth Program
Later on Wednesday, I had the privilege of meeting the Kentucky representatives from the U.S. Senate Youth Program: Cyrus Gilmore Dutton of Shelbyville, and Samuel David Miller of Prospect. The United States Senate Youth Program is an intensive week-long educational experience and scholarship sponsored by the United States Senate for outstanding high school students who are interested in pursuing careers in public service. I would like to congratulate these remarkable individuals on their excellence.
(Dr. Rand Paul with Cyrus Dutton and Samuel Miller - March 11, 2015)
Media Wrap-Up
This week, I appeared on Fox's
The Kelly File
and
Fox &amp; Friends , and NBC's
Today Show . I spoke with several radio stations across the country, as well as stations in Kentucky including Leland Conway from WHAS.
Have An Issue Or Concern?
If you are a Kentucky resident and need assistance with a federal agency or concern, feel free to contact the Bowling Green office (270-782-8303) to have a discussion with the appropriate staff member.
Stay in Touch with Sen. Paul's Social Media
You can find updates on what I'm doing by visiting my Senate website,
www.paul.senate.gov
and you can follow my official Google+ account
HERE . You can also subscribe to my YouTube channel
HERE . Don't forget to become a fan of my
official Facebook page
and my
official Instagram page
for other timely updates.
Warm Regards,
To unsubscribe from Rand's newsletter, please visit the
unsubscribe page
