
March 13, 2015
IN THIS ISSUE:
Senator Collins Joins Bipartisan Congressional Civil Rights Pilgrimage
to Commemorate 50th Anniversary of "Bloody Sunday"
Senate Aging Committee Holds Hearing Examining Why Americans are
Financially Unprepared for Retirement
"Eats: Susan 'Foodie' Collins -- Serving up Maine food to warm up
political relations"
Senator Collins Honored at Reception by U.S. Senate Youth Program
Senator Collins Questions Housing Secretary on the Administration's
Efforts to Combat Veteran Homelessness
Meeting with Mainers
WEEKLY COLUMN
"Impressions of my Journey to Selma"
By: Senator Susan Collins
As a young girl growing up in Northern Maine, the turmoil in the South
during the 1960's seemed a world away to me. Our schools focused mainly
on earlier periods of American history. We learned about the Civil War
and the Emancipation Proclamation, but as students, we were not fully
aware of the discrimination, marches, and violence roiling our country,
including the bloodshed in Selma, Alabama.
So when Senator Tim Scott, the first African-American Senator elected
from the south since 1881, invited me to the Faith & Politics
Pilgrimage to Selma to commemorate the 50th anniversary of the civil
rights march known as "Bloody Sunday," I quickly accepted. During that
weekend, I learned of extraordinary courage, astonishing forgiveness,
and changed lives.
A discussion of our journey must start with our leader, John Lewis, a
congressman and civil rights hero who led the marchers as they began
their walk from Selma to Montgomery across the infamous Edmund Pettus
Bridge on March 7, 1965.
At Brown Chapel at Selma's AME Church, he described to us in vivid
detail organizing the march for voting rights and then leading the 600
"foot soldiers," marching peacefully two-by-two along the sidewalk on
the bridge, only to be confronted by a wall of Alabama State Troopers
and sheriffs who clubbed the unarmed demonstrators and choked them with
tear gas. John Lewis's skull was fractured, and it was not certain that
he would live. Catholic nuns at a nearby hospital took in the wounded
and cared for them.
Congressman Lewis is eloquent when he describes the injustices of those
times. In Lowndes County, Alabama, the population was 80 percent
African-American, yet not a single black citizen was registered to
vote. Those who tried to register were confronted with impossible
barriers like having to guess the number of jellybeans in a jar, or
were handed a bar of soap and asked how many bubbles it contained.
Literacy tests and poll taxes were common as was a requirement that a
white person vouch for the black American's character.
To read the rest of Senator Collins' weekly column click here
.
Senator Collins Joins Bipartisan Congressional Civil Rights Pilgrimage
to Commemorate 50th Anniversary of "Bloody Sunday"
On the 50th anniversary of "Bloody Sunday," U.S. Senator Susan Collins
traveled to Selma, Alabama, to participate in the Bipartisan
Congressional Civil Rights Pilgrimage. The trip commemorated the famous
civil rights march that led to the enactment of the Voting Rights Act
of 1965.
A photo from the Edmund Pettus Bridge taken by Senator Collins
The trip included visits to historic locations in Selma and Montgomery,
Alabama, including the Edmund Pettus Bridge, the site of "Bloody
Sunday," where 600 civil rights marchers, including now-Congressman
John Lewis of Georgia, marched toward Montgomery to protest racial
discrimination in voting. The march was stopped by law enforcement who
attacked the peaceful demonstrators with clubs and tear gas.
Following the pilgrimage, Senator Collins wrote about her reflections
from the trip. Senator Collins' op-ed was published in the Portland
Press Herald
this week.
Top (From Left to Right) A copy of the Brown vs. Board of Education
Supreme Court Ruling signed by all nine Justices; Senator Collins and
Rep. John Lewis (D-GA); A photo taken by Senator Collins at the Edmund
Pettus Bridge; Below: Presidents George W. Bush and Barack Obama, First
Ladies Michelle Obama and Laura Bush, and Rep. John Lewis.
Senate Aging Committee Holds Hearing Examining Why
Americans are Financially Unprepared for Retirement
Nationally, one in four retired Americans has no source of income
beyond Social Security- in Maine, that number is one in three. In
addition, according to a recent survey conducted by PBS, 92 percent of
respondents believe there is a retirement crisis in our nation. The
Senate Special Committee on Aging, led by Chairman Susan Collins and
Ranking Member Claire McCaskill, today held a hearing to examine how
prepared Americans are for retirement.
The hearing was titled, "Bridging the Gap: How Prepared are Americans
for Retirement?" Witnesses included Maine Savings FCU official Rob
Carmichael and Jean Chatzky, financial journalist and financial editor
for NBC's Today Show.
Click here
or the play button above to
watch a clip from the hearing.
During the hearing, Dr. Alicia Munnell of Boston College, who also
served as a witness, said that the estimated gap between the savings
American households need to maintain their standard of living in
retirement and what they have actually saved is an astounding $7.7
trillion.
Witnesses discussed the many reasons for decline in retirement
security, which include rising health care costs, the need for
long-term care, the fact that Americans nearing retirement have more
debt than those of previous generations, and the simple fact that
Americans are living longer. Another contributing factor is that
employees of small businesses are much less likely to have the option
of participation in employer-based retirement plans.
To read the full press release click here
.
"Eats: Susan 'Foodie' Collins -- Serving up Maine food to warm up
political relations"
>From the Lewiston Sun Journal
:
"A simple press release from U.S. Sen. Susan Collins' office crossed my
desk. The senator was co-hosting the Senate's first bi-partisan lunch
last month and the menu included a lobster salad made with a 'special
recipe from the University of Maine.'
"A special lobster recipe? That sounded like something Eats readers
needed to know about, especially if it was from Maine and one of the
senator's favorites. I made a string of phone calls and did some
noodling around the internet but came up empty - less than a goose egg.
Then, the next morning, while chewing on a pencil, my phone rang.
"'Hi, this is Susan Collins.'
"Luckily, I had chewed my pencil into a sharp point and I rapidly
scribbled notes as the senator told me how the bi-partisan lunch had
grown out of the successful lunches she had helped sponsor for her
Republican colleagues over the years. Those weekly gatherings usually
featured food from the sponsoring senator's home state. Collins, who
loves to show off Maine products, told me: 'My lunch is always the best
attended lunch.'"
The rest of the article is available here
.
Below is one of Senator Collins' favorite recipes and was featured in
this article:
Pat and Susan's Cranberry Oatmeal Muffins
Ingredients:
1 cup oatmeal
1 cup buttermilk
1/3 cup shortening
1/2 cup brown sugar
1 egg
1 teaspoon salt
1 teaspoon baking powder
1/2 teaspoon baking soda
1 cup of flour
1 cup of fresh cranberries cut in half*
1/2 cup of walnuts (optional; I always use them, my mother
does not)
1.
Soak oatmeal in buttermilk for one hour.
2.
Beat together shortening, sugar and egg.
3.
Sift together dry ingredients.
4.
Add dry ingredients, alternating with the oatmeal/buttermilk
mixture, to the shortening/sugar/egg mixture.
5.
Fold in cranberries and nuts.
6.
Fill greased muffin tins and bake in a pre-heated 400-degree
oven 20 to 25 minutes
*If fresh cranberries are not available, use 2/3 cup of dried
cranberries.
Senator Collins Honored at Reception by U.S. Senate Youth Program
This week, Senator Collins along with Senator Corey Gardner (R-CO) were
honored as "Dinstingushed Alumni" at a luncheon hosted by the U.S.
Senate Youth Program.
The Senators are the only alumni of the program to be elected to the
United States Senate.
Senators Gardner and Collins speaking to the U.S. Senate Youth Program
on Wednesday
This year, Maine's delegates to the Senate Youth Program are Muna
Mohamed from Lewiston and Andrew Sandweiss from Bangor.
Senator Collins Questions Housing Secretary on the Administration's
Efforts to Combat Veteran Homelessness
As Chairman of the Transportation, Housing and Urban Development
Subcommittee, Senator Collins questioned Housing Secretary Julin
Castro about the Administration's efforts to combat veteran
homelessness.
Click here
or
the play button above to watch a clip from the hearing.
In particular, Senator Collins expressed concern that the Department of
Housing and Urban Development's recent funding request was based on the
belief that the administration hoped to have ended veterans'
homelessness in 2015; and that the request was made before the 2015
annual count of homeless veterans.
Meeting with Mainers
Senator Collins always makes time to meet individually with
constituents- either Mainers who are visiting Washington, D.C. or at
home in Maine.
She values hearing from Mainers on a wide range of topics. Here are a
few photos from recent meetings:
Top left: Senator Collins and Cadet Melissa Pawlina of Auburn, Maine
Top Right: Senator Collins with Officers from Maine's Civil Air Patrol
Bottom Left: Senator Collins and Students from Husson's International
Student Association
OFFICE OF SENATOR SUSAN COLLINS
413 Dirksen Senate Office Building
Washington, D.C. 20510
Phone: (202) 224-2523
Fax: (202) 224-2693
To UNSUBSCRIBE, please click here
DEFAULT TABLE ATTRIBUTES ARE:
DEFAULT TD STYLE IS:
DEFAULT LEFT SIDEBAR IS:
DEFAULT RIGHT COLUMN IS:
Can't
see the images? Make sure your e-mail is set to download pictures in order to see the full content
of this e-newsletter.
March
13, 2015
IN
THIS ISSUE:
Senator Collins Joins
Bipartisan Congressional Civil Rights Pilgrimage to Commemorate 50th Anniversary of "Bloody Sunday"
Senate Aging Committee
Holds Hearing Examining Why Americans are Financially Unprepared for Retirement
"Eats: Susan 'Foodie' Collins -- Serving up Maine food to warm up political
relations"
Senator Collins Honored at Reception by U.S.
Senate
Youth Program
Senator
Collins Questions Housing Secretary on the Administration's Efforts to Combat Veteran Homelessness
Meeting with Mainers
WEEKLY COLUMN
"Impressions of my Journey to Selma"
By: Senator Susan Collins
As a young girl growing up in Northern Maine, the turmoil in the South during the 1960&#8217;s
seemed a world away to me. Our schools focused mainly on earlier periods of American history. We learned
about the Civil War and the Emancipation Proclamation, but as students, we were not fully aware of the
discrimination, marches, and violence roiling our country, including the bloodshed in Selma, Alabama.
So when Senator Tim Scott, the first African-American Senator elected from the south since 1881,
invited me to the Faith &amp; Politics Pilgrimage to Selma to commemorate the 50th anniversary of the
civil rights march known as &#8220;Bloody Sunday,&#8221; I quickly accepted. During that weekend, I learned
of extraordinary courage, astonishing forgiveness, and changed lives.
A discussion of our journey must start with our leader, John Lewis, a congressman and civil rights
hero who led the marchers as they began their walk from Selma to Montgomery across the infamous Edmund
Pettus Bridge on March 7, 1965.
At Brown Chapel at Selma&#8217;s AME Church, he described to us in vivid detail organizing the
march for voting rights and then leading the 600 &#8220;foot soldiers,&#8221; marching peacefully two-by-two
along the sidewalk on the bridge, only to be confronted by a wall of Alabama State Troopers and sheriffs
who clubbed the unarmed demonstrators and choked them with tear gas. John Lewis&#8217;s skull was fractured,
and it was not certain that he would live. Catholic nuns at a nearby hospital took in the wounded and
cared for them.
Congressman Lewis is eloquent when he describes the injustices of those times. In Lowndes County,
Alabama, the population was 80 percent African-American, yet not a single black citizen was registered
to vote. Those who tried to register were confronted with impossible barriers like having to guess the
number of jellybeans in a jar, or were handed a bar of soap and asked how many bubbles it contained.
Literacy tests and poll taxes were common as was a requirement that a white person vouch for the black
American&#8217;s character.
To read the rest of Senator Collins' weekly column click
here .
Senator
Collins Joins Bipartisan Congressional Civil Rights Pilgrimage to Commemorate 50th Anniversary of "Bloody
Sunday" On the 50th anniversary of &#8220;Bloody
Sunday,&#8221; U.S. Senator Susan Collins traveled to Selma, Alabama, to participate in the Bipartisan
Congressional Civil Rights Pilgrimage. The trip commemorated the famous civil rights march that led to
the enactment of the Voting Rights Act of 1965.
A
photo from the Edmund Pettus Bridge taken by Senator Collins
The trip included visits to historic locations in Selma and Montgomery, Alabama, including the
Edmund Pettus Bridge, the site of &#8220;Bloody Sunday,&#8221; where 600 civil rights marchers, including
now-Congressman John Lewis of Georgia, marched toward Montgomery to protest racial discrimination in
voting. The march was stopped by law enforcement who attacked the peaceful demonstrators with clubs and
tear gas.
Following the pilgrimage, Senator Collins wrote about her reflections from the trip. Senator Collins&#8217;
op-ed
was published in the Portland Press Herald
this week.
Top
(From Left to Right) A copy of the Brown vs. Board of Education Supreme Court Ruling signed by all
nine Justices; Senator Collins and Rep. John Lewis (D-GA); A photo taken by Senator Collins at the Edmund
Pettus Bridge; Below: Presidents George W. Bush and Barack Obama, First Ladies Michelle Obama and
Laura Bush, and Rep. John Lewis.
Senate
Aging Committee Holds Hearing Examining Why
Americans
are Financially Unprepared for Retirement
Nationally,
one in four retired Americans has no source of income beyond Social Security- in Maine, that number is
one in three. In addition, according to a recent survey conducted by PBS, 92 percent of respondents believe
there is a retirement crisis in our nation. The Senate Special Committee on Aging, led by Chairman Susan
Collins and Ranking Member Claire McCaskill, today held a hearing to examine how prepared Americans are
for retirement.
The hearing was titled, &#8220;Bridging
the Gap: How Prepared are Americans for Retirement?&#8221; Witnesses included Maine Savings FCU official
Rob Carmichael and Jean Chatzky, financial journalist and financial editor for NBC&#8217;s Today Show.
Click
here
or the play button above to watch a clip from the hearing.
During the hearing, Dr. Alicia Munnell of Boston College, who also served as a witness, said that
the estimated gap between the savings American households need to maintain their standard of living in
retirement and what they have actually saved is an astounding $7.7 trillion.
Witnesses discussed the many reasons for decline in retirement security, which include rising
health care costs, the need for long-term care, the fact that Americans nearing retirement have more
debt than those of previous generations, and the simple fact that Americans are living longer. Another
contributing factor is that employees of small businesses are much less likely to have the option of
participation in employer-based retirement plans.
To
read the full press release click
here .
"Eats:
Susan 'Foodie' Collins -- Serving up Maine food to warm up political relations"
From
the
Lewiston
Sun Journal :
"A simple
press release from U.S. Sen. Susan Collins&#8217; office crossed my desk. The senator was co-hosting
the Senate&#8217;s first bi-partisan lunch last month and the menu included a lobster salad made with
a 'special recipe from the University of Maine.'
"A special lobster recipe? That sounded like something Eats readers needed to know about, especially
if it was from Maine and one of the senator's favorites. I made a string of phone calls and did some
noodling around the internet but came up empty &#8212; less than a goose egg.
Then, the next morning, while chewing on a pencil, my phone rang.
&#8220;'Hi, this is Susan Collins.'
"Luckily, I had chewed my pencil into a sharp point and I rapidly scribbled notes as the senator
told me how the bi-partisan lunch had grown out of the successful lunches she had helped sponsor for
her Republican colleagues over the years. Those weekly gatherings usually featured food from the sponsoring
senator&#8217;s home state. Collins, who loves to show off Maine products, told me: 'My lunch is always
the best attended lunch.'"
The rest of the article
is available
here .
Below is one of Senator Collins' favorite recipes and
was featured in this article:
Pat and
Susan&#8217;s Cranberry Oatmeal Muffins
Ingredients:
1 cup oatmeal
1
cup buttermilk
1/3 cup shortening
1/2
cup brown sugar
1 egg
1
teaspoon salt
1 teaspoon
baking powder
1/2 teaspoon
baking soda
1 cup of flour
1
cup of fresh cranberries cut in half*
1/2
cup of walnuts (optional; I always use them, my mother does not)
Soak oatmeal
in buttermilk for one hour. Beat together shortening, sugar and egg. Sift
together dry ingredients. Add dry ingredients, alternating with the oatmeal/buttermilk
mixture, to the shortening/sugar/egg mixture. Fold in cranberries and
nuts. Fill greased muffin tins and bake in a pre-heated 400-degree oven
20 to 25 minutes
*If fresh cranberries are not available, use 2/3 cup of dried cranberries.
Senator Collins Honored at Reception by
U.S. Senate Youth Program
This
week, Senator Collins along with Senator Corey Gardner (R-CO) were honored as "Dinstingushed Alumni"
at a luncheon hosted by the U.S. Senate Youth Program. The Senators are the only alumni of the program
to be elected to the United States Senate.
Senators Gardner
and Collins speaking to the U.S. Senate Youth Program on Wednesday
This
year, Maine's delegates to the Senate Youth Program are Muna Mohamed from Lewiston and Andrew Sandweiss
from Bangor.
Senator
Collins Questions Housing Secretary on the Administration's Efforts to Combat Veteran Homelessness
As
Chairman of the Transportation, Housing and Urban Development Subcommittee, Senator Collins questioned
Housing Secretary Juli&#225;n Castro about the Administration's efforts to combat veteran homelessness.
Click
here
or the play button above to watch a clip from the hearing.
In
particular, Senator Collins expressed concern that the Department of Housing and Urban Development's
recent funding request was based on the belief that the administration hoped to have ended veterans&#8217;
homelessness in 2015; and that the request was made before the 2015 annual count of homeless veterans.
Meeting
with Mainers
Senator Collins always makes time to meet individually with constituents&#8212; either Mainers who
are visiting Washington, D.C. or at home in Maine.
She values hearing from Mainers on a wide range of topics. Here are a few photos from recent meetings:
Top left: Senator Collins and Cadet Melissa
Pawlina of Auburn, Maine Top Right: Senator Collins with Officers from Maine's Civil Air Patrol
Bottom Left: Senator Collins and Students from Husson's International Student Association
OFFICE OF SENATOR SUSAN COLLINS
413 Dirksen Senate Office Building Washington,
D.C. 20510 Phone: (202) 224-2523 Fax: (202) 224-2693
To UNSUBSCRIBE,
please
click here
