
Friday March 6, 2015
SHARE ON:
Upcoming Events for Veterans, Students and Parents
Next week I will be hosting two very important events for constituents of Michigan's 7th District. On Monday, March 9, I will be hosting a Veterans Fair in Monroe to provide veterans and their family members with access to resources earned through their service to our country. Veterans employment specialists, counselors, and organizations will be on hand.
On Tuesday, March 10, I will be hosting a Military Academy Informational Open House in Jackson for students and parents to learn about the educational opportunities at U.S. Military Service Academies. Representatives from these excellent institutions will be available to share information and answer questions. You can learn more about both events by
visiting my website .
Weekly Update :
Visited VFW Post 423 in Ann Arbor and met with veterans from Washtenaw County
Attended Prime Minister Netanyahu's address to Congress about the dangers of nuclear Iran
Hosted a tele-townhall and answered questions from constituents about important issues on their mind
Voted for bipartisan legislation to expand health care choices for veterans and increase accountability at the Department of Veterans Affairs
Introduced
legislation
with House and Senate leaders to provide certainty to employers offering innovative wellness programs
In the News:
Heritage Newspapers |
Walberg listens to veterans' concerns at town hall
Detroit News |
Michigan Representatives react to Netanyahu invite
Wall Street Journal |
GOP Lawmakers Seek to Jump-Start Long-Running IRS Investigation
Detroit Free Press |
Police seize property and cash in questionable raids
Fox 17 |
A look at MIs asset forfeiture laws
Press Release |
Walberg Responds to President Obamas Keystone Veto
Press Release |
Walberg Votes to Expand College Savings Opportunities
Press Release |
Walberg Votes to Expand Veterans Health Care Choices
Need to Know:
Please visit my
website
for a full record of my votes.
For even more information, please follow me on
Facebook
and
Twitter.
NOTE: Please DO NOT respond to this email as this inbox is unattended. To contact my office please
click here
UPDATE SUBSCRIPTION OPTIONS
|
PRIVACY POLICY
|
CONTACT US
Click Here Click Here