
HOME
|
About Mike
|
Contact YOUR Office
|
Serving You
|
Newsroom
|
Legislative Work
|
4th District
|
Resources
WEBSITE
| SHARE ON:
Greetings,
In December, America reached a discouraging milestone: the federal national debt crossed the $18 trillion mark.
Since taking over the House in 2011, Republicans have worked diligently to cut spending and have succeeded in cutting the annual deficit in half.
But this milestone is yet another example that we have a lot of work to do.
The federal government must balance its budget and finally start paying down the debt.
Unfortunately President Obama is continuing to push in the wrong direction.
On Monday the President asked Congress to increase the federal debt to $26.3 trillion.
This proposed budget increases spending, increases taxes, and increases the debt for future generations.
Instead of offering real solutions to our nations challenges, the Presidents proposal is filled with more handouts to political allies and more debt for our grandchildren.
When the House Republicans put together their budget in the coming weeks, I promise you it will be fiscally responsible and actually balance.
Aimed at cutting a portion of this wasteful spending, I introduced a bill this week to eliminate the Economic Development Administration (EDA).
The EDA Elimination Act would shut down one of our nations largest wealth redistribution programs and stop the utilization of Kansans tax dollars to fund an agency that picks corporate welfare winners and losers.
Americans for Prosperity described the bill as putting a stop to backdoor earmarks, and saving the taxpayers hundreds of millions of dollars annually.
Our country created this $18 trillion debt over the course of 50 years, and fixing it wont happen over night.
It will require a lot of difficult choices and hard work, but I believe we can do it.
Sincerely,
Mike Pompeo
Member of Congress
Connect With Mike
NOTE: Please
DO NOT
respond to this email as this
inbox is unattended . To contact my office please
click here
WASHINGTON, DC OFFICE
436 Cannon HOB
Washington, DC 20515
Phone:
(202) 225-6216
Fax:
(202) 225-3489
WICHITA, KS OFFICE
7701 E. Kellogg, Suite 510
Wichita, KS 67207
Phone:
(316) 262-8992
Fax:
(316) 262-5309
UPDATE SUBSCRIPTION OPTIONS
|
PRIVACY POLICY
|
CONTACT US
Click Here Click Here