
We&rsquo;re in utter disbelief: Republicans could derail what should be an easy-to-pass bipartisan bill to help victims of human trafficking -- by putting in divisive anti-abortion language.
David -- We&rsquo;re in utter disbelief:
Republicans could derail what should be an easy-to-pass bipartisan bill to help victims of human trafficking --
by putting in divisive anti-abortion language.
This bill is meant to provide services to people who are trafficked against their will, many of them children and young women who are sexually exploited. Some of them have survived horrific abuses.
It&rsquo;s offensive and outrageous that Republicans want to use a bill meant to help these victims as a tool to promote anti-choice policies, and to deny them the care options they deserve.
Tell the GOP: Don&rsquo;t further harm victims of trafficking. Take anti-abortion language out of the trafficking bill.
With your help, we&rsquo;ll send a strong message to the Republicans.
But the bill could move forward at any moment, so we have to act quickly. Please sign on in the next 24 hours!
Thanks for your help,
DSCC Rapid Response
Democratic Senatorial Campaign Committee
P.O. Box 96047
Washington, DC 20090
Paid for by the Democratic Senatorial Campaign Committee, dscc.org,
and not authorized by any candidate or candidate&#39;s committee.
The DSCC is the only organization solely dedicated to supporting Democrats in the U.S. Senate. This message was sent to dj724530@gmail.com because you are a part of the DSCC&rsquo;s grassroots network. Please add us to your address book or approved senders list to make sure you keep receiving DSCC updates.
Emails are a critical way for us to stay in touch with our grassroots supporters. 99% of the DSCC&rsquo;s contributions come from grassroots donors giving less than $200. We also strive to keep you updated on issues related to the Democratic Party&rsquo;s values.
If you&rsquo;d like to stop receiving emails related to this campaign, please
click here .
If you&#39;d like to make a contribution to support us, please
click here . We are already beginning to prepare for the fight ahead &ndash; reclaiming the majority in 2016. It will take every single grassroots supporter, but we know it&rsquo;s possible with your help. If you&rsquo;d like to stop receiving all emails from the DSCC, please
unsubscribe . We greatly appreciate your continued support.
Contributions or gifts to the DSCC are not tax deductible.
