
Hice on the Homefront
Last week, I had the pleasure of returning home for district work week. While the slow pace of Washington can be frustrating, it was a true joy to return home to one of the liveliest and upbeat districts in our nation. I cannot tell you how wonderful it was to interact with so many Tenth District constituents, friends, and family members and I look forward to next district work period in April. While I navigate back and forth from Washington, my district staff is always available to take
your
calls and would love to see you in our offices! If you need assistance, please learn more about how to contact our district offices
here . Below are a few of the highlights from last week.
Coffee with Constituents
This past Monday, I hosted a morning coffee hour and invited Tenth District Constituents to join me to discuss the state of our nation and to share their thoughts and concerns. I would like to thank all who were able to attend for their input and a lively discussion. For those unable to attend, I will be hosting an additional Coffee with Constituents sessions in the near future. For more information about our next constituent event, please follow us on
Facebook . If you would like to read more about last weeks coffee hour held in our Monroe district office, please click
here .
Congratulations to Logan Hughes
During the district work period, I was honored to participate in the signing ceremony of a young man from our district who has made the decision to serve our country. Mr. Logan Hughes accepted his appointment to the United States Naval Academy and invited me to participate on his big day. The fundamental role of the federal government is to provide for our nations security and I am truly inspired by this young mans courage and willingness to serve. I know that Mr. Hughes, an Evans native, will serve with honor and integrity. I congratulate Mr. Hughes and his family for this fantastic achievement.
Tour of Georgia Regents University
Im sure many of you remember the now infamous Sony Pictures hack. Cyber security is a growing phenomenon which must be taken seriously by not only the private sector but by our government. Hillary Clintons
recent scandal
more than highlights the need for our country to beef up our cyber security. I was thrilled to tour Georgia Regents University last week, where I was impressed to learn about its upcoming Cyber Security Curriculum. Now GRU, which has long been an outstanding contributor to rural healthcare initiatives, will educate students in this program as Fort Gordon continues to grow the Cyber Command hub.
Congressional Art Competition Deadline Approaches
As a reminder, the deadline for the 10 th
District Congressional Art Competition is quickly approaching. The deadline for submission is Thursday, March 26 th . If you know a student who would like to participate, or would like more information about this fantastic opportunity, please find more information
here . I encourage all students to participate in this terrific competition!
WEBSITE
|
UNSUBSCRIBE
|
CONTACT
Click Here Click Here