
Babin Bulletin | March 1, 2015
Click here
if you have trouble viewing this email
Defunding Obama's Amnesty
On Friday, I stood firm against the President's executive amnesty and voted against a short-term funding bill that failed to include a provision to block the Presidents unlawful executive amnesty actions.
In our recent constituent survey, 80% percent of those who participated voted that I should stick to the House position and block funds from being used to carry out what a federal judge has already ruled as unlawful.
I believe it is critical that the House remain focused and committed to defunding and overturning President Obamas executive amnesty.
Ceremony Commemorating 70th Anniversary of the Battle of Iwo Jima
It was an honor and privilege to join local Iwo Jima veterans aboard the Battleship Texas in commemoration of the 70th anniversary of the Battle of Iwo Jima. These brave heroes and their unbelievable stories of valor represent America's best. We must never forget their service and sacrifice to our nation. It was a blessing to share this moment with them and personally thank them for their service. To view more pictures from this great event, please
click here .
Port of Houston and City of Baytown Tour
I was recently provided with a special behind-the-scenes tour of the Port of Houston and the
City of Baytown. These two events provided great insight and information into the challenges and opportunities facing the port and our local economy. More pictures can be found by
clicking here .
Full Repeal of Obamacare
I recently voted for House passage of a bill to fully repeal Obamacare. As a health care provider, Ive seen firsthand the devastating effects of Obamacare and how it undermines the doctor-patient relationship. I was sent to Washington to repeal this disastrous law and that is what I am determined to do. Click
here
to watch my speech on H.R. 596.
Response to Obama's Keystone Veto
President Obamas decision to veto the construction of the Keystone XL pipeline only further demonstrates how out of touch he is with the American people.
For pure political reasons, President Obama has put liberal special interests ahead of those of hardworking Americans.
This bipartisan bill would generate thousands of good-paying jobs and make America less dependent on Middle East oil.
With the vast majority of Americans supporting its construction, I remain fully committed to seeing Keystone move forward and supporting other common-sense efforts to help grow our economy.
Southwest Border Tour
I recently took a five-day trip to the Southwest border with a group of lawmakers to examine the situation firsthand. Please click
HERE
to read an editorial I wrote about my experience and what I can only describe as a complete lack of commitment from the Obama Administration to secure our border.
Babin in the News
Congressman Babin visits Highlands Rotary Club
(Highlands Star - Crosby Courier)
Congressman Babin reaches out to local leaders
(Orange Leader)
Babin tours the district and meets with constituents
(KJAS.com)
U.S. Rep. Brian Babin in Beaumont for tour at Port of Beaumont
(KBTV-TV)
Snap-shots from the District
Congressman Babin meets with students from Buna High School
Congressman Babin visits with the owners of Orange's Farmers Mercantile.
Video of the Week
Congressman Babin joins Imus in the Morning to talk about his first month in office and the President's approach to dealing with ISIS and the Ukraine crisis.
Forward to a Friend
|
Share on Facebook
|
Share on Twitter
UPDATE SUBSCRIPTION OPTIONS
|
PRIVACY POLICY
|
CONTACT US
Click Here Click Here