DOCTYPE html
March 15, 2015
Congressman McHenry Weekly Update
Constituent Work Week in NC-10
This past week marked the House's March constituent work period allowing me to spend some time back at home meeting with the people of Western North Carolina.
My week began on Friday as I made up for a few visits in Lincoln County I had to cancel during the last constituent work week due to icy conditions in Western North Carolina.
My first stop of the day was at S.E.A. Corp's global headquarters.
While there I learned about the export services they provide and a recent award they received from the U.S. Department of Commerce.
Below is a photo with S.E.A. Corp President Myra Heavner and the award they received.
Next I visited Lincoln County's new shell building.
This recently constructed facility is located in the Lincoln Industrial Park and was built to attract further business development to the park.
Following my tour, I
spoke with the
Lincoln Times-News
about the manufacturing and business growth throughout Lincoln County.
Busy Couple Days in Buncombe County
Monday and Tuesday of this past week I had a full schedule of meetings throughout Buncombe County.
My first stop was in Arden for a visit to Eaton Corporation.
There I met with some of the 1,000 local employees and learned about the power distribution equipment they produce.
That afternoon I was in Swannanoa for a meeting with members of the Asheville Home Builders Association to discuss regulatory issues they face in Western North Carolina.
Later that afternoon I visited Asheville Pregnancy Support Services to learn about their mission counseling women facing unplanned pregnancies.
On Tuesday, I began my day visiting Thermo Scientific's Buncombe County facility.
While there I toured the facility learning about the medical instruments produced in Asheville.
Afterwards, I had the pleasure of addressing some of Thermo Scientific's Asheville employees discussing various federal matters including Obamacare and funding for the National Institutes for Health.
The Asheville Citizen-Times
provided a
brief recap of my visit .
Later that afternoon, I stopped by Black Mountain's Christina Friends of Korea to learn about their humanitarian work in North Korea.
Also while in Asheville I was able to sit down with both
WLOS
and
News Radio 570's Pete Kaliner Show
to discuss my recent work in Washington on behalf of the 10th District.
You can learn more about each of those appearances by clicking the links above.
Touring NC-10 Schools
One of my favorite things to do during constituent work weeks is visit 10th District schools.
This week I was able to make three visits to local schools.
I began on Friday by visiting the North Carolina Boys Academy.
The NC Boys academy is a faith-based school for student aged twelve to seventeen located on the banks of Lake Hickory in Conover.
On Monday I was in Columbus for a tour of Polk County High School where I was led by student leaders and school principal Mary Feagan.
Then on Wednesday I was in Gastonia for a tour of Gaston Day School.
While there I met with the school's headmaster, Richard Rankin, and later answered questions from students in Mr. Carter's history class.
For more pictures of my all my visits across NC-10 during this past constituent work week, be sure to follow me on
Twitter
and
Instagram
and like my
Facebook page .
What I Have Been Reading
ATF shelves bullet ban proposal
The Hill
Last week I mentioned signing on to a letter to the ATF questioning a proposed ban on a popular type of ammunition used by countless American sportsmen.
This week I was glad to see news that the ATF would be withdrawing the proposed ban thanks to comments from over 80,000 concerned Americans.
While this week's news is a positive step for supporters of the 2nd Amendment, we must remain cautious as the ATF didn't rule out proposing this misguided ban again in the future.
Military helicopter crash in Florida: Rescue efforts end
CNN
I was devastated to hear about the helicopter crash in Florida this week that claimed the lives of 11 members of the military, including a number of Marines based out of North Carolina's Camp Lejune.
This was one of the worst training accidents our military has faced in years.
Please join Giulia and me in sending condolences and prayers to the families of those who lost their lives.
A Craft Beer Tax Battle Is Brewing on Capitol Hill
National Public Radio
The 10th District is home to over 20 craft breweries, with the majority located in Asheville and Buncombe County.
To me, craft brewers are not just producers of a popular drink but rather small businesses with the potential to serve as tremendous job creators in our region.
Recently I spoke with NPR about the potential of breweries to create jobs and legislation I cosponsored to help reduce their tax burden allowing them to grow.
WASHINGTON, D.C. OFFICE
2334 Rayburn HOB
Washington, D.C. 20515
Telephone: 202.225.2576
Fax: 202.225.0316
HICKORY DISTRICT OFFICE
87 4th St. NW, Ste A, PO Box 1830
Hickory, NC 28603
Telephone: 828.327.6100
Toll-Free in NC: 800.477.2576
Fax: 828.327.8311
GASTONIA DISTRICT OFFICE
Suite 115
Gaston Co. Administrative Bldg
128 West Main Avenue
Gastonia, NC 28053
Telephone: 704.833.0096
BLACK MTN. DISTRICT OFFICE
160 Midland Avenue
Black Mountain, NC 28711
Telephone: 828.669.0600
Click Here Click Here