
If you
are having trouble viewing this message or would like to share it on a
social network, you can
view the message online .
HOME
ABOUT
RENEE
2ND DISTRICT
NEWSROOM
CONSTITUENT SERVICES
LEGISLATION
CONTACT US
February 08, 2015
Video of the Week:
This week I spoke in support
of H.R. 596, a bill advocating the repeal and replacement of
Obamacare. This law has been a disaster for so many of you back home, and I
assure you that I remain diligent in my efforts to create a replacement
plan and provide relief for all.
Click here
or on the video above watch my full
speech.
This week, the president released yet
another disappointing budget proposal. We are now seven years into his
term and in the midst of one of the slowest economic recoveries to
dateour president aims to spend his way out of this economic crisis to the
tune of $2.4 trillion over the course of the next 10 years. I remain
committed to reining in Washingtons out-of-control spending and will
continue to focus my efforts on empowering hard-working Americans, as
opposed to empowering the checkbooks of bloated government
agencies.
The House of
Representatives also voted on H.R. 596 in an effort to repeal and
replace Obamacare. This law has been nothing but a costly disaster to
constituents in the Second District of North Carolina and across our
country, and I was proud to support this legislation. I will continue
working with my colleagues on the Energy &amp; Commerce Committee to find
an appropriate replacement that is patient-centered and allows for the
American people to make choices that are best for themselves and
their families. I hope you will
click here to read my full statement
on this
legislation.
If you haven't already, I would love for you to like my
Facebook
page
and follow me on
Twitter
so that you can receive regular updates on my day to day
activities. As always, please reach out to my Asheboro, Dunn, or D.C.
office if there is ever anything we can do for you.
Receiving Updates on Fort
Bragg:
Earlier in the week, I sat down with
Lieutenant General Anderson, Commanding General of the XVIII Airborne Corps.
LTG Anderson provided me with an update on the state of Fort Bragg, and
we discussed ways we can work to preserve this critical installation
within the Second District. It was also great to see LTG Anderson back
home in the United
States.
A member of my staff attended the Fort
Bragg "listening session" on Thursday, where retired Air Force Brig.
Gen. Paul Dordal - a member of the NC Military Affairs Commission- spoke
about the future of Fort Bragg.
President Obama's $4 Billion Budget
Proposal:
The President's $4 billion dollar budget proposal
is irresponsible and does nothing to slash our nation's $18 trillion
dollar debt. Congress will put forward a fiscally responsible and
balanced
budget.
How does Obamacare Affect
You?
Thursday morning, I spoke to a constituent
via Google Chat who lives in Apex North Carolina. We spent time
discussing the difficulties that Obamacare poses on his day to day, and I was
proud to vote this week to repeal and replace this ill-conceived
law.
This week I was proud to vote in favor of H.R. 596 to
repeal and replace Obamacare. How has this law affected you and your
family? *By answering this
survey, you are subscribing to my newsletter. If you are having
trouble, click here.
Washington, DC
1210 Longworth HOB
Washington, DC 20515
Phone:
(202) 225-4531
Fax: (202) 225-5662
Dunn NC
406 W. Broad Street
Dunn, NC 28334
Phone: (910) 230-1910
Fax:
(910) 230-1940
Asheboro, NC
222 Sunset Avenue, Suite 101
Asheboro, North Carolina 27203
Phone: (336) 626-3060
Fax:
(336) 629-7819
Toll Free in NC:
1-877-645-8764
Unsubscribe
|
Update My Profile
|
Privacy Policy
gateway mail end
