
If you are having trouble viewing this message
or would like to share it on a social network, you can
view the message online .
About
Contact
Services
Media Center
Legislation
Issues
Resources
February 09, 2015
IN CASE YOU MISSED IT: CONGRESSMAN
PITTENGERS OP-ED ON CUBA
OBAMA
HAS BAD JUDGEMENT PICKING FRIENDS
By Congressman Robert Pittenger (NC-09)
The Washington Examiner
Sunday, February 8, 2015
The
feckless foreign policy forays of our President beg for some critical
understanding. His initiatives have not only left America more vulnerable
than since Pearl Harbor or Sept. 11, but they have sent terrible signals
to friends and encouraged provocation from our adversaries. The most
recent diplomatic normalization with Cuba once again tells the world
that he either doesn't understand terrorists, or seemingly has some
measure of guilt or sympathy for those who deride American
interests.
President Obama has been consistent. He has demonstrated
deference, apology, and weakness time and again, from appeasing Iran,
changing his mind on Syria, standing down on missile defense, lowering our
Army and Navy readiness force, no meaningful commitment to Ukraine,
and now Cuba.
Click
here
to read Congressman Pittenger's op-ed in Sunday 's
Washington
Examiner.
In her opening statement, Ms. Rogers-Spring conveyed that the State
Department was currently conducting a review of the status of Cuba as
a designated "terrorist state." Rogers-Spring could not answer the
question of why this investigation was not conducted prior to President
Obama's decision to lift sanctions and provide full diplomatic status.
Of note, Cuba, Iran, Sudan, and Syria are the four countries listed by
the State Department as state sponsors of terrorism. And just four
months ago, the Administration determined that trade with Cuba was not
in the best interest of America's national security.Let's take a look
at Cuba. At a House Financial Services Committee briefing on Jan. 27,
2015, the State Department's Acting Deputy Director for the Bureau of
Western Hemisphere Affairs and Caribbean, Mary Brett Rogers-Spring,
provided testimony regarding the President's decision to recognize Cuba
with diplomatic privileges.
During further questioning, I
asked Ms. Rogers-Spring to respond to the following major concerns that,
by any measure, should be impediments to the privileged economic
status of formal relations with the United States:
1. Cuba is
the first and only country in the Western Hemisphere to have cooperated
with North Korea to smuggle arms (which were intercepted) in
contravention of UN Security Council prohibitions. As the Administration's own
Ambassador to the United Nations, Samantha Power, described it, the
act was "a cynical, outrageous and illegal attempt by Cuba and North
Korea to circumvent United Nations sanctions."
2. Cuba is
harboring Joanne Chesimard, who is designated as a "domestic terrorist"
and on the FBI's Most Wanted Terrorist List.
3. Cuba harbors
Frank Terpil, a US fugitive and rogue CIA agent, who, in a BBC
documentary, recounts working for Moammar Gadhafi's political hit
squads.
4. Cuba continues to harbor Revolution Armed Forces of
Colombia (FARC) terrorists.
Additional basis for Cuba to remain
listed as a state sponsor of terrorism include:
1. Cuba
continues to permit 70 fugitives wanted by the United States to reside in
Cuba, and provides them with food, housing, and medical
care.
2. In addition to Cuba's relationship with FARC terrorists, Cuba
exhibits a long history of providing a safe haven and cooperating with
Basque Fatherland and Liberty (ETA).
3. On May 12, 2014,
Secretary of State John Kerry issued a determination and certification
that Cuba "[is] not cooperating fully with United States antiterrorism
efforts."
On February 5th, Congressman Robert Pittenger participated in a House
Foreign Affairs Committee hearing on human rights in
Cuba.
Nothing has changed in
regards to Cuba's dangerous behavior toward the United States, the Western
Hemisphere, or its own people, who continue to be oppressed and denied
basic human rights. What has changed is that President Obama sees
himself and America's place as the leader of the Free World much
differently than the nine Presidents who preceded him.
So, President
Obama's diplomacy is to elevate and honor a known
terrorist-sponsoring state, while giving a snub to Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin
Netanyahu during his upcoming visit to the United States, when he will bring
a clear perspective regarding the greatest threat we face in
Iran.
Are we back to Jack Nicholson, Mr. President? "The truth, you
can't handle the truth?"
In my meetings with Prime
Minister Netanyahu during trips to Israel, along with other heads of state in
the Middle East, I found they don't understand our President. The
Crown Prince in the UAE said, "We should be joined with the United States
and Israel to defeat the Islamic extremist
terrorists."
Mr. President, you didn't seem to get the basic training in your youth
to understand bad guys and how to pick your friends. The problem is
that our national security has floundered, and we face graver and more
perilous threats because of your nave understanding of human nature and
your bad judgment.
Rep. Robert Pittenger, R-N.C., is
Chairman of the Congressional Task Force on Terrorism and
Unconventional Warfare and a Member of the House Committee on Financial
Services.
CONGRESSMAN PITTENGER URGES "REPEAL AND REPLACE" ON
OBAMACARE
Last week,
Congressman Pittenger urged his colleagues to replace the flawed system of
Obamacare with "freedom of choice, not more fines and taxes."
Click here to watch his full
speech .
CONGRESSMAN PITTENGER ON
SiriusXM
As Chairman of the
Congressional Task Force on Terrorism and Unconventional Warfare,
Congressman Pittenger is frequently asked for interviews by both national
and international media.
Last week, he appeared on SiriusXM to
discuss ISIS, the crisis in Ukraine, and America's next step in
dealing with both conflicts.
Click here to
listen.
HONORING D-DAY VETERAN HAROLD EATMAN OF
MATTHEWS
Harold Eatman of Matthews is one of the
few paratroopers to make all four major World War II combat jumps.
Learn more in Congressman Pittenger's speech honoring
Mr. Eatman.
Tell a Friend
E-mail:
Washington, DC
Tours
Planning a Spring Break to DC?
Contact Congressman Pittenger's office
now
to
request a White House tour, schedule a U.S. Capitol tour, and for other
helpful travel tips. Click
here
for more
information or call Congressman Pittenger's Washington, DC office at
202-225-1976.
SURVEY OF THE MONTH Your opinions are very important to me.
After all, as your
Congressman, I work for you.
Please take just a moment to share your
thoughts via this brief survey of the month: Are you concerned ISIS may strike the
United States, or attempt to harm a member of your
family? Select One Yes No Prefer not to
answer Do you believe President Obama and his Administration are doing
enough to thwart ISIS and prevent an attack on American
soil? Select One Yes No Prefer not to
answer In your opinion, what action should Congress take on
Obamacare? Select One Repeal Obamacare Repeal Obamacare and replace
with a system of free market reforms designed to lower costs, protect
those with pre-existing conditions, and ensure
portability Leave Obamacare alone Prefer not to answer Would you like to receive updates on
Congressman Pittenger's media appearances? Select
One Yes No Prefer not to answer
Please subscribe me to your
Enewsletter If you are
having trouble, click here.
Charlotte Office
2701 Coltsgate Rd., Suite 105
Charlotte,
NC 28211
Phone: (704) 3621060
Hours: 8:30-5:30 PM
(M-F)
Mooresville Office
116 Morlake Dr, Suite
101A
Mooresville,NC 28117
Phone: (704) 6968188
Hours:
8:30-5:30 PM (M-F)
Please call ahead to ensure staff
availability
Washington D.C. Office
224 Cannon
HOB
Washington, DC 20515
Phone: (202) 2251976
Hours:
8:30-5:30 PM (M-F)
Unsubscribe
|
Update My
Profile
|
Privacy Policy
gateway
mail end 