
The roundtable will feature White House Task Force on 21st Century Policing Co-Chair and Philadelphia Police Commissioner Charles Chuck Ramsey (a former D.C. police chief).
Also featured will be Howard University Student Government President Leighton Watson, who helped organize demonstrations in the District of Columbia after Ferguson and spent time on the ground in Ferguson, and will offer the perspectives of young people who have made profiling of people of color a national issue.
Standing Up to Republican Threats Against D.C. Officials Over Marijuana Reform Law
Last Thursday, the District of Columbias marijuana reform law, Initiative 71, officially took effect.
But before that even happened, Republican Members of Congress issued unnecessarily hostile congressional warnings to D.C. Mayor Muriel Bowser and other D.C. officials that they could go to jail for implementing Initiative 71.
I decried these baseless threats,
because it is clear that there is an honest difference of legal opinion between the lawyers representing Republicans and the lawyers representing D.C. officials.
Residents should be careful about smoking pot
it is not legal everywhere in D.C. and there is a lot we do not know about marijuanas effects on health; but I am glad that the will of D.C. voters was implemented.
People around the country learned more about how the Congress hypocritically interferences into our local affairs because of this dustup.
Ultimately, Initiative 71 is not about the desire of some residents to smoke marijuana legally, but an effort to combat the racial injustice after two independent studies showed that a disproportionate share (9 out of 10) of marijuana arrests were of Black D.C. residents, despite an equal rate of marijuana use by Black and White residents.
Giving D.C. a Local Prosecutor to Prosecute Local Crimes
In 2002, 82% of D.C. voters supported an advisory referendum to create a local prosecutor.
That is why each Congress since I have introduced a bill to establish a local prosecutors office, designated under local law, to prosecute all local crimes in the District of Columbia.
Currently, the U.S. Attorney for the District of Columbia, a federal official, prosecutes most of D.C.s criminal laws.
A separate D.C. referendum led to the historic election of the first popularly elected Attorney General, Karl Racine, last November, but his duties do not include prosecuting most local crimes.
A local prosecutor would be a critical step on our road to statehood.
Time to Let Kids and Parents Sled on Americas Front Lawn!
When the first snow of the year blanketed our city, kids and their parents flocked to the Capitol to hit the slope with their sleds.
But they were turned away by U.S. Capitol Police officers, who cited a prohibition on sledding on the Capitol Grounds.
In order to address this arbitrary ban, I wrote a letter to U.S. Capitol Police Board Chair Frank Larkin urging the board to overturn the prohibition.
I have always fought to increase public access to public space in D.C., and the Hill is a perfect example of where our residents deserve to be able to enjoy the few times it snows here a year!
doctype html
Congresswoman Nortons e-Newsletter
Monday, March 2, 2015
Event This Week:
Tuesday: Norton to Host Congressional Caucus on Black Men and Boys Roundtable on Racial Profiling
Racial Profiling
What Next after Ferguson and New York City
Tuesday, March 3, 2015
1:00 p.m.
2167 Rayburn House Office Building (Transportation &amp; Infrastructure Committee Hearing Room)
Congressman Danny Davis (D-IL) and I, who are co-chairs of the Congressional Caucus on Black Men and Boys, will host a roundtable discussion on policing in communities of color in the wake
of last years police tragedies in Ferguson and New York City.
The roundtable, coming the day after the release of the interim report of the Presidents Task Force on 21st Century Policing, will provide the first opportunity for Members of Congress to hear
the reports findings, ask questions, and offer comments.
The event is open to the public.
The roundtable will feature
White House Task Force on 21st Century Policing Co-Chair and Philadelphia Police Commissioner Charles Chuck Ramsey (a former D.C. police chief).
Also featured will be Howard University Student Government President Leighton Watson, who helped organize demonstrations
in the District of Columbia after Ferguson and spent time on the ground in Ferguson, and will offer the perspectives of young people who have made profiling of people of color a national issue.
Standing Up to Republican Threats Against D.C. Officials Over Marijuana Reform Law
Last Thursday, the District of Columbias marijuana reform law, Initiative 71, officially took effect.
But before that even happened, Republican Members of Congress issued unnecessarily hostile
congressional warnings to D.C. Mayor Muriel Bowser and other D.C. officials that they could go to jail for implementing Initiative 71.
I decried these baseless threats,
because it is clear that there is an honest difference of legal opinion between the lawyers representing Republicans and the lawyers representing D.C. officials.
Residents should be careful about smoking pot
it is not legal everywhere in D.C. and there
is a lot we do not know about marijuanas effects on health; but I am glad that the will of D.C. voters was implemented.
People around the country learned more about how the Congress hypocritically interferences into our local affairs because of this dustup.
Ultimately, Initiative 71 is not about the desire of some residents to smoke marijuana legally, but an effort to combat the racial injustice after two independent studies showed that a disproportionate share (9 out of 10) of marijuana arrests were of Black
D.C. residents, despite an equal rate of marijuana use by Black and White residents.
Giving D.C. a Local Prosecutor to Prosecute Local Crimes
In 2002, 82% of D.C. voters supported an advisory referendum to create a local prosecutor.
That is why each Congress since
I have introduced a bill to establish a local prosecutors office,
designated under local law, to prosecute all local crimes in the District of Columbia.
Currently, the U.S. Attorney for the District of Columbia, a federal official, prosecutes
most of D.C.s criminal laws.
A separate D.C. referendum led to the historic election of the first popularly elected Attorney General, Karl Racine, last November, but his duties do not include prosecuting most local crimes.
A local prosecutor would be a
critical step on our road to statehood.
Time to Let Kids and Parents Sled on Americas Front Lawn!
When the first snow of the year blanketed our city, kids and their parents flocked to the Capitol to hit the slope with their sleds.
But they were turned away by U.S. Capitol Police officers,
who cited a prohibition on sledding on the Capitol Grounds.
In
order to address this arbitrary ban, I wrote a letter to U.S. Capitol Police Board Chair Frank Larkin urging the board to overturn the prohibition.
I have always fought to increase public access to public space in D.C., and the Hill is a perfect example of where our residents deserve to be able to enjoy the few times it
snows here a year!
Thanks for subscribing!
Follow Congresswoman Norton on
Facebook ,
Twitter ,
Instagram ,
YouTube , or her
website
for more updates.
Capitol Hill Office
2136 Rayburn HOB
Washington, D.C. 20515
Phone: (202) 225-8050
Fax: (202) 225-3002
S.E. District Office
2041 Martin Luther King Jr. Ave., S.E.
Washington, D.C. 20020
Phone: (202) 678-8900
Fax: (202) 678-8844
Main District Office
90 K Street, N.E., Suite 100
Washington DC 20001
Phone: (202) 408-9041
Fax: (202) 408-9048
To unsubscribe from our list, please click here .
