
mar
14
News from Senator Ayotte's Office
Dear Friends,
As you've seen in the news, there's been a significant amount of public debate about an open letter I signed with 46 of my colleagues to the leaders of Iran.
This letter was written following the president's threat to veto bipartisan legislation - the Iran Nuclear Agreement Review Act - I'm cosponsoring that would ensure congressional review of any comprehensive agreement on Iran's nuclear program and give Congress a say in whether the sanctions we put in place are lifted as part of a final deal.
While the Commander in Chief has a unique constitutional role in conducting foreign affairs, Congress has an important role to play too.
Congress - despite the administration's initial opposition - led the effort to impose tough sanctions on Iran, which brought Iran to the negotiating table. Without Congress' efforts, it's unlikely the administration would have anyone with whom to negotiate.
The purpose of the letter was to make it clear that Congress, as a co-equal branch of government, has an important role to play in adopting any international agreement regarding Iran's nuclear program. The letter also explained the fact that any agreement on Iran's nuclear weapons program that is not approved by Congress may not last beyond the end of the president's term in office.
I and many of my colleagues - both Democrats and Republicans - are deeply concerned that the potential agreement the administration is pursuing would only delay, not dismantle, Iran's nuclear program - while ignoring its continued support of terrorism around the world.
It's important to take into account that during these negotiations, Iran has continued to support and fund terrorist organizations like Hezbollah and the murderous Assad regime in Syria; engaged in cyberattacks against America and our allies; and it continues to unjustifiably imprison American citizens and persecute and oppress its own people. Iran has also continued to develop its Intercontinental Ballistic Missile Program - which our intelligence community says would be Iran's preferred means of delivering a nuclear weapon.
Administration officials have also suggested they may seek approval of the deal from the United Nations -- while bypassing Congress.
If Congress has an opportunity to conduct oversight of this deal, it will almost certainly better protect the American people - and enjoy more credibility and durability-even after President Obama leaves office.
If we get this deal right, it will be a blessing.
If we get it wrong, it will be a nightmare.
Congressional review and approval of the deal would increase the likelihood of getting the former and not the latter.
This week, the Senate took up the Justice for Victims of Trafficking Act - bipartisan legislation that would provide law enforcement with the tools they need to crack down on human traffickers while helping victims restore their lives.
This issue touches every community and every state - and even New Hampshire is not immune from this problem.
In fact, a report last month from the National Human Trafficking Resource Center found that the number of reported human trafficking cases in New Hampshire has increased.
We're also seeing a troubling connection between drug trafficking and sex trafficking in our state.
We're fortunate in New Hampshire to have dedicated law enforcement and victims' service providers and advocates working tirelessly to prevent trafficking and support victims. The bill I'm cosponsoring would support those efforts by treating those who purchase sex or labor from a trafficking victim as a human trafficker under the law. And it would ensure that trafficking victims are treated as victims - not as criminals.
See below for more news from my office - and have a great weekend!
NH Students Attend Senate Youth Program
On Wednesday, Senator Ayotte welcomed two New Hampshire students who were selected as delegates to the 53rd annual U.S. Senate Youth Program (USSYP) in Washington, D.C. Devin McMahon of East Hampstead and Jessie Osgood of Henniker were selected to join more than 100 students from across the nation to spend a week in Washington experiencing the federal government in action.
Senator Ayotte met with Devin and Jessie during a special reception on Capitol Hill.
Read more.
Preventing Overdose Deaths &amp; Protecting First Responders
This week, Senator Ayotte and Senator Edward Markey (D-MA) introduced the Opioid Overdose Reduction Act to protect first responders, health professionals and family members who are educated in administering an opioid overdose prevention drug, such as naloxone (also known as Narcan) in an emergency situation of overdose.
"As we work to address New Hampshire's growing heroin and prescription drug abuse epidemics, we also need to ensure that our first responders, firefighters, and law enforcement officials have all the resources they need to save lives in the event of an overdose," said Senator Ayotte. "This bipartisan legislation will provide important liability protections for law enforcement, first responders, firefighters and other properly trained individuals who administer naloxone in an emergency overdose situation."
"The timing of this legislation couldn't be better, and the New Hampshire Association of Chiefs of Police support this legislation and thank Senator Ayotte for taking this action," said Enfield Police Chief Dick Crate, president of the New Hampshire Association of Chiefs of Police.
Read more.
Ayotte Vows to Fight Renewed Effort to Pass Online Sales Tax Legislation
Senator Ayotte this week vowed to fight a renewed effort to pass onerous online sales tax requirements that would hurt online retailers in New Hampshire and across the nation.
Ayotte has led the fight in Congress against the mis-named "Marketplace Fairness Act," which was reintroduced on Tuesday in the Senate.
"Since arriving in the Senate, I've fought to protect online retailers in New Hampshire from burdensome online sales tax requirements, which would force them to become tax collectors for nearly 10,000 jurisdictions across the country," said Ayotte.
"The so-called &lsquo;Marketplace Fairness Act' would trample on New Hampshire's choice not to have a sales tax, and I will continue to do everything in my power to stop this legislation."
Ayotte has worked diligently to protect New Hampshire Internet businesses from collecting sales taxes, and previously introduced bipartisan legislation expressing the sense of the Senate that no federal legislation should give states the authority to impose any new burdensome or unfair tax collecting requirements on Internet businesses and entrepreneurs.
Ayotte Highlights NH National Security Assets During First Hearing as Chair of Armed Services Readiness Subcommittee
On Wednesday, Senator Ayotte presided over her first hearing as chair of the Senate Armed Services Readiness and Management Support Subcommittee. In her remarks, Senator Ayotte discussed the importance of New Hampshire's national security assets to our nation, including the New Hampshire National Guard, Pease Air National Guard Base and the Portsmouth Naval Shipyard.
Ayotte also reiterated her opposition to the administration's request for another Base Realignment and Closure round.
Read more.
Ayotte, Blumenthal Re-introduce Mental Health First Aid Act
Senator Ayotte and Senator Richard Blumenthal (D-CT) this week re-introduced the Mental Health First Aid Act, bipartisan legislation to expand mental health first aid training and help the public identify, understand, and address crisis situations safely.
"Improving mental health first aid training for individuals in the community will help ensure they have the tools they need to identify warning signs and help direct individuals to proper treatment," said Ayotte.
"Last year, I worked across the aisle to include funding for mental health first aid training for schools in the budget of the Substance Abuse and Mental Health Services Administration.
Our bipartisan legislation would expand the eligible training audiences to allow for even more individuals to receive this critical training.
Given the overwhelming bipartisan support for action on mental health, I urge Senate leaders to take up this important bill without delay."
Read more.
Ayotte Questions Treatment of Female Guards at Guantanamo Bay
On Thursday, Senator Ayotte questioned General John Kelly, Commander of U.S. Southern Command, about reports that female guards stationed at Guantanamo Bay are not being permitted to serve in the same capacity as their male counterparts. In response to Senator Ayotte's questions, General Kelly confirmed that high-value Guantanamo detainees had protested being guarded by women because the terrorist detainees claimed it violated their religious principles.
Click here to
watch
the exchange.
Photos of the Week
Speaking at this week's New Hampshire Credit Union League breakfast
With members of the New Hampshire Credit Union League group this week
With Paul and Adam Godbout of the NH Society of American Florists &amp; Jacques Flowers Shop in Manchester
With Ken Jones of Amherst and members of the national Multiple Sclerosis Society
Doug Thomson, David Costello, John Allard, and David Sadowski of Granite State Manufacturing stopped by during their visit to DC
Warm Regards,
Kelly Ayotte
United States Senator
Email Kelly
Manchester Office
1200 Elm Street, Suite 2
Manchester, NH 03101 Phone:
603-622-7979
Nashua Office
144 Main Street
Nashua, NH 03060 Phone:
603-880-3335
North Country Office 19 Pleasant Street, Suite 13B
Berlin, NH 03570 Phone:
603-752-7702 Fax:
603-752-7704
Portsmouth Office
14 Manchester Square, Ste 140
Portsmouth, NH 03801 Phone:
603-436-7161
Washington, DC
144 Russell Senate Office Building
Washington, DC 20510
Phone:
202-224-3324
Email Kelly
|
ayotte.senate.gov
|
Unsubscribe
