
Senators, Do Your Job.
It was my privilege to stand with sheriffs, constables and other law enforcement officers in my district to
call on the U.S. Senate to do their job and pass necessary Border and Homeland Security funding . The House
passed this important funding
-- with specific language to stop the President's Executive Amnesty action -- six weeks ago. It's time for the Senate to act.
With Montgomery County Sheriff Tommy Gage &amp; local constables
Watch the Montgomery County Law Enforcement News Conference video by clicking
here .
With Grimes County Sheriff Don Sowell, constables, the DA, DPS &amp; Game Warden
Watch the Grimes county law enforcement news conference video by clicking
here .
With Madison County Sheriff Travis Neeley, constables &amp; county judge
Watch the Madison County Law Enforcement News Conference video by clicking
here .
President Obama Vetoes Keystone XL Pipeline
This veto has shown that this White House continues to put their liberal special interests over hardworking American families who want jobs and energy security. The American people spoke out in favor of this project in poll after poll and I will keep fighting to see it become a reality.
At a time when America needs jobs, this is not an issue Congress intends to walk away from.
As I
fight every day for more American energy, for
equal Social Security treatment for our teachers, firefighters and police officers ,
to
close the growth gap
holding our economy back, for education reform that puts local parents and teachers back in control,
to
make Texas' state and local sales tax deduction permanent ,
for
economic freedom
so our Texas businesses have more customers to sell to ,
for American families to have an off ramp from ObamaCare , to
stop fraud in Medicare , pay the local doctors who treat your mom and mine fairly, and so much more,
I appreciate everyone who stays in touch with me via
Facebook ,
email ,
and
Twitter .
TRUE BLUE Honors
The Family Research Council presented me with their True Blue Award for my 100% Pro-Family voting record.
Kolaches with Kevin In Willis
Thanks to all who came out to my Kolaches with Kevin town hall in Willis. We talked about a lot of issues from Homeland Security funding to High Speed Rail.
Kolaches with Kevin in New Caney
Read more in the
Cleveland Advocate
by clicking
here .
Kolaches with Kevin in Coldspring
Read more about our meeting in Coldspring in the
Eastex Advocate
by clicking
here .
Hanging Out with Local Heroes
I always enjoy hearing war stories from my heroes and share some great catfish.
Talking with the Leadership Montgomery County Alumni
Our local leaders and those learning leadership skills from them give me so much hope for a bright future.
NOTE: Please DO NOT respond to this email as this inbox is unattended. To contact my office please
click here
Connect:
WASHINGTON, D.C. OFFICE
301 Cannon H.O.B.
Washington, DC 20515
P:
(202) 225-4901
F:
(202) 225-5524
CONROE DISTRICT OFFICE
200 River Pointe, Ste 304
Conroe, TX 77304
Phone: (936)441-5700
Fax: (936)441-5757
HUNTSVILLE DISTRICT OFFICE
1300 11th Street, Suite 400
Huntsville, TX 77340
Phone: (936)439-9532
Fax: (936)439-9546
UNSUBSCRIBE
|
PRIVACY POLICY
|
CONTACT US
Click Here Click Here