
If you are
having trouble viewing this message or would like to share it on a
social network, you can
view
the message online .
HOME
ABOUT
CONTACT
ME
SERVING YOU
MEDIA CENTER
ISSUES &amp;
LEGISLATION
OUR DISTRICT
March 13, 2015
Dear
Friend,
Water continues to be one of the most important, if not the most
important issue, in our area. It impacts our jobs, our homes, our
utility costs and our communities. I continue to work with colleagues in the
House and Senate on legislative solutions to help lessen the
devastating effects of our drought. This week I joined Congressman McClintock
from Elk Grove in sending a letter to the U.S. Fish &amp; Wildlife
Service, the U.S. Bureau of Reclamation, and the National Oceanic &amp;
Atmospheric Administration asking them to meet immediately and enter
into emergency consultation proceedings to devise a new plan to conserve
water in New Melones reservoir and ensure the Stanislaus River has
flow all year. Our federal regulators must provide balance in water
storage and delivery
instead currently proposed water release plans
threaten to leave the New Melones reservoir dry as early as this summer.
These plans amount to gross mismanagement of the river.
Check out my letter here
and let me know your thoughts in the
survey at right.
I also wanted to mention good news. Last
week I joined colleagues in sending
a letter
to
the director of the ATF protesting the Administration's proposed
"Framework" banning M885 sporting ammunition, typically used in hunting
rifles. I'm pleased to report that the ATF has withdrawn their proposal
and I will continue to stand for your Second Amendment
rights.
I spent the week at home and traveled across the district
to
Turlock, Tracy, Escalon, Modesto, Ceres, Lathrop and
Manteca.
I read House Mouse,
Senate Mouse to Jessica Kimbrells 4 th
grade class
at Central Elementary. I also quizzed the kids how many members of
Congress there are and answered their questions about my favorite hobbies
(I mentioned going to my kids games and riding my motorcycle), what I
like about my job (helping people) and if Ive ever seen the
President (spoiler alert: I have).
I
joined my colleague Congressman Swalwell from Dublin on a bipartisan
rolling roundtable meeting aboard the westbound ACE Train #05 Thursday
morning to talk to commuters about their experiences with ACE, their
concerns with federal legislation and how we can work together to
create more jobs.
This is Esther, who showed me a picture of the two of us together
the last time I did a rolling roundtable two years ago! Esther is a
loyal ACE rider. We talked about the work I've been doing to help the
Assyrian community, especially those whose family members are being
persecuted in their home countries, and Esther asked me to sign her
flag.
We talked to these two gentlemen, constituents
from Modesto and Manteca, about how we can rein in our out-of-control
spending and lower our $18 trillion
debt.
At the
end of the trip, we stopped at the train station in Fremont to meet the
owners of the coffee shop next door. Always great to see local small
businesses thriving!
My Instagram feed has more photos -- and video -- from the
rolling roundtable .
I visited with constituents at my offices
monthly Mobile District Office Hours in Escalon.
My staff and I hold these all over the district in locations near
you . I hope youll attend with questions for me and for any help you
need with federal
agencies.
I joined members of
my Veterans Advisory Committee, Supervisor Bob Elliot and members of
the Tracy community to present the American Legion with a new American
flag flown over the Capitol on Veterans Day last
year.
On Wednesday I was honored to receive
an
award
from The Alliance for Patient Access for my work
protecting Medicare patients rights. Our seniors are often among the most
vulnerable when it comes to cutting costs for health care plans, and I
will continue to fight for the preservation of crucial programs like
Medicare in order to protect our seniors healthcare
coverage.
Hope you all have a great
weekend.
JEFF DENHAM
Do you believe
theres enough water storage within the state?
Yes No Do you believe current federal water plans properly balance water
between families, the environment and businesses?
Yes No *By answering this survey, you are
subscribing to my newsletter. If you are having trouble, click
here.
E-mail
Updates
Yes, please periodically send me e-mail
updates.*
*By subscribing to
my
e-mail updates, you are authorizing me to send regular e-mail
updates from my office to your e-mail account.
DC
office:
1730 Longworth HOB
Washington, DC
20515
P:
202-225-4540
F: 202-225-3402
Modesto
Office:
4701 Sisk Road, Suite 202
Modesto, CA
95356
P: 209-579-5458
F: 209-579-5028
Unsubscribe
|
Update My Profile
|
Privacy
Policy
