 Mail begin
If you are having
trouble viewing this message or would like to share it on a social network,
you can
view the
message online .
Home
|
About
|
How Can I
Help?
|
Media
|
Issues
|
The 6th District
On Education: Parents and Locally
Elected School Boards Know Best
Dear
Friends:
When it comes to our childrens education
there is too much Washington and not enough Colorado. Parents and
locally elected school boards know far more than DC bureaucrats about what
each student needs to succeed.
That is why I have
been working in Congress to bring the power and funding back to the
schools of Colorado and away from the federal
government.
A bill moving through Congress, the Student Success Act, will
take billions currently tied up in federal mandates and other
Washington, DC dictates and block grant it back to the states. It will also
prevent the Obama administration, and future White Houses, from forcing
states into Common Core.
That is the crux of
the fight over Common Core
Washington doesnt know best. Parents
do.
While the Student Success Act doesnt have every
reform I would like to see, it moves us in the right direction. The
right direction is a road leading out of
Washington.
The bill is an update on No Child Left Behind, a bill that had good
intentions to improve education but unfortunately fell prey to the
most common of Washington tendencies
namely, concentrating influence
in the nations capital.
I take a different view.
I believe that the federal government tries to do too many things,
and as a result, doesnt do much very
well.
Instead I support focusing on what Washington must do and making it
better.
The Student Success Act is a step in that
direction. DC bureaucrats dont know best. Parents and locally elected
school boards do. Lets give them more of the funding and the
power.
Sincerely,
Mike
Coffman
U.S. Representative
If you would like to sign up to receive regular email
updates from Mike, please visit
this
link
$ 18,140,678,832,128
Share on Facebook
Share on Twitter
Share on LinkedIn
Rep. Coffman really
is a 'combat veteran'
By: Michelle Ye Hee Lee
The Washington Post
Published
February 23, 2015
Let me start by telling you
something I havent done, said
Coffman , a Marine Corps
combat veteran. I have never run a federal agency that tolerates
corruption the way the VA has. Ive never built a hospital thats years
behind schedule and hundreds of millions over budget. And Ive never been a
shill for inept bureaucrats who allowed American heroes to die on a
medical waiting list while waiting for medical
care.
Rep. Mike Coffman
(R-Colo.), statement on website, Feb. 12,
2015
This statement comes from
Coffmans
response to Veterans Affairs Secretary Robert McDonald, after a heated
exchange during a recent budget hearing.
When grilled by
Coffman
on whether progress has been made since McDonald
took office and whether he has changed the culture of mismanagement and
unethical behaviors at the VA, the new chief responded in defense of
his record: I ran a large company, sir, what have you
done?
This Oh, snap! moment went viral, and
Coffman
issued a statement about his own credentials in response, including that he
is a Marine Corps combat veteran.
Coffmans
spokesman Tyler Sandberg noted again to our colleagues at In the Loop that
Coffman
is a combat veteran who served in both Iraq
wars, and took another jab at McDonalds performance in his first six
months on the job. Veterans groups also criticized McDonald for being
disrespectful to a 22-year veteran who served in two wars. (McDonald
himself is an Army veteran.)
A reader asked The Fact Checker to
confirm
Coffmans
combat experience. The reader, who
identified himself as a veteran, wrote: The usage of the term combat
veteran was normally only applied to a soldier who actually directly
engaged the enemy and received fire as a member of a unit assigned to
combat operations. The remaining veterans served in a combat zone, but
were not actual combat veterans.
The question piqued our
interest.
Coffman
has repeatedly been described a combat
veteran. Others who have done so, like Joni Ernst, recently have been
criticized for using the term while not having engaged in
firefights.
Did
Coffman , in fact, actually fight in
combat? What are the criteria to qualify as a combat
veteran?
The Facts
Coffman
was deployed twice
in
1990 as an infantry officer in the first Gulf War, and in 2005 as a
civil affairs officer working in support of the Independent Electoral
Commission of Iraq.
For his first deployment,
Coffman
earned the Combat Action Ribbon, awarded to Navy, Marine Corps
or Coast Guard members who participated in ground or surface combat and
rendered satisfactory performance under enemy fire. In short,
people who receive this award have been shot at and had the opportunity to
fire back. (In 2012, the requirements were changed to include those
who had direct exposure to or worked to disable improvised explosive
devices, or IEDs.)
Marine Corps requirements state that merely
serving in a combat area or being exposed to enemy fire or threat of
enemy fire does not make a member eligible.
The Marines
Manpower and Reserve Affairs Office confirmed
Coffman
received this award for his actions during Operation Desert Storm.
Sandberg also sent The Fact Checker this 2010 photo of
Coffman
wearing the ribbon on the top right among his
insignia.
The controversy over the use of combat veteran stems from its
vagueness and various technical uses of the term.
Dan Caldwell,
legislative director for Concerned Veterans for America and former Marine,
said the generally accepted use of the term is for those who were
with a unit, in the military, on the ground, and you were supporting or
directly engaged in military effort against an enemy in Iraq or
Afghanistan or another combat zone.
For tax purposes, the term
technically can apply to any veteran who served in a combat zone, which
are established through executive order. The designation allows military
members to exclude military pay from federal income taxes. The Combat
Zone Tax Exclusion was created to exempt members from income tax
increases to fund World War I and II, according to a Defense Department
report.
American troops in the Philippines helping with intel
and training in conjunction with Operation Enduring Freedom are in
Afghanistan combat zone. The entire Arabian peninsula has been designated
as a combat zone since 1991.
During his second deployment,
Coffman
helped establish interim local governments in
the Western Euphrates River Valley, according to his bio. He was
deployed to a combat zone in the technical sense, but he served as a civil
affairs officer.
When it comes to VA benefits, the definition
is narrower. The VA provides health benefits for veterans who confirm
they served in theater combat, by showing documentation that shows
they received a combat service medal, hostile fire pay, imminent danger
pay or tax benefits. But the veteran also must meet other criteria,
such as serving at least 24 continuous months or being discharged under
honorable conditions.
Caldwell said disputes over whether a
combat veteran truly was in a firefight while serving in a combat zone
take the focus off larger veteran issues.
The bigger issue
is, did somebody blatantly misrepresent their service
i.e., ribbons
they didnt rate, lying about things they didnt actually experience,
and even the larger issues of, What are the larger strategic
implications behind the combat that they supposedly are engaging or arent?
Caldwell said. We, as a veteran community, sometimes get hung up on
these things that, at the end of the day, dont make a big
difference.
The Pinocchio Test
There are many uses of the term
combat veteran. The broadest sense of the word
that a member served
in active duty in a geographical area designated as a combat zone
is
used for tax exemption purposes. A narrower definition is used for
veterans to receive health benefits. It is a vague title that can be
interpreted in different ways within the veteran community.
But
when it comes to
Coffmans
record, he is a combat
veteran in the most literal and widely-understood use of the term. The
criteria for the Combat Action Ribbon that
Coffman
received requires proof he was in actual combat operations. Without having
been there with him, this is the best measure to confirm his
experience. We award
Coffman
the elusive Geppetto
Checkmark.
Washington Post fact checker gives
rare all-true mark to GOP congressman
By: T. Becket Adams
Washington
Examiner
Published February 24, 2015
Rep. Mike
Coffman , R-Colo., achieved a very rare feat Monday: He earned a
Geppetto checkmark from the Washington Posts official fact
checker.
The Posts fact checker usually awards Pinocchios, which are
meant to classify the degree of falsehood in statements uttered by
public figures.
A Geppetto checkmark, however, is used only
when a public figure says something thats undeniably rooted in
fact.
For
Rep. Coffman , a veteran of United States
Marines, his claim to have been in combat zones with the U.S. military
earns him a coveted Post Geppetto
checkmark.
Coffmans
claim drew the Posts scrutiny after he and Veterans
Affairs Secretary Robert McDonald got into a heated exchange earlier this
month during a budget hearing on the troubled federal
agency.
When pressed for answers regarding how much progress the VA has made
towards addressing its allegedly deep-rooted culture of incompetence
and corruption, a testy McDonald asked
Coffman : I
ran a large company, sir, what have you done?
Republican
congressman and veteran of the Gulf War shot back: Let me start by telling
you something I havent done. I have never run a federal agency that
tolerates corruption the way the VA has. Ive never built a hospital
thats years behind schedule and hundreds of millions over
budget.
And Ive never been a shill for inept bureaucrats who allowed
American heroes to die on a medical waiting list while waiting for
medical care, he said.
The congressman, who actually took a
leave of absence from his seat in the Colorado legislature to serve in the
Gulf War, followed up by releasing a statement underscoring his
record as a combat veteran in the U.S. military. The Department of Defense
and the VA both define a "combat veteran" as a person who served in an
area designated as a combat zone and drew imminent danger
pay.
After reviewing both his budget hearing remarks and his
post-hearing statement, the Post fact checker deemed it all to be true, and
graded
Coffman
accordingly.
There are many uses
of the term combat veteran. The broadest sense of the word
that a
member served in active duty in a geographical area designated as a
combat zone
is used for tax exemption purposes, the Post
reported.
A narrower definition is used for veterans to receive health
benefits. It is a vague title that can be interpreted in different ways
within the veteran community. But when it comes to
Coffmans
record, he is a combat veteran in the most literal and widely
understood use of the term. The criteria for the Combat Action Ribbon
that
Coffman
received requires proof he was in
actual combat operations. Without having been there with him, this is the
best measure to confirm his experience, the Post added.
The
issue of public figures and their supposed experiences in combat zones
has become a topic of interest recently following an attempt by the
Huffington Post to portray Sen. Joni Ernsts, R-Iowa, oft-repeated claim
that she is a combat veteran as less-than-honest.
As an Iowa
Guard lieutenant colonel, Ernst commanded the 1168th Transportation
Company during an overseas tour that lasted from 2003 to 2004. She
dealt mostly with transportation runs in Kuwait and Iraq and worked a
protection detail in Kuwait.
The areas she served in were combat
zones as designated by the DOD.
Ernst was never shot at,
nor did she ever suffer the devastating effects of a roadside bomb, and
for this the Huffington Post article suggested she may be embellishing
her military record by claiming she is a combat
veteran.
[N]othing in the 1168th's tour of duty stands up to the average
citizen's idea of combat duty. And when the Senator calls herself the first
female combat veteran to serve in the Senate, or when she allows her
own husband to say twice that she led her troops into combat she's
betraying the code of honor she lets people think she stands for, the
Huffington Post said.
The freshman senator pushed back against
the articles suggestion, saying in a statement: "I am very proud of my
service and by law I am defined as a combat veteran. I have never
once claimed that I have a Combat Action Badge. I have never claimed that
I have a Purple Heart. What I have claimed is that I have served in a
combat zone.
The Huffington Post's review of Ernst's record
came almost immediately after it was revealed by Stars and Stripes
that NBC News anchor Brian Williams had spent years embellishing stories
of his supposed wartime heroism when he covered the 2003 U.S.
invasion of Iraq. Williams is currently on probation as NBC News continues to
investigate the embattled newsmans decades of anecdotes and
reports.
Washington Office
2443 Rayburn HOB
Washington, D.C. 20515
Phone:
(202) 225-7882
Fax: (202)
226-4623
District Office
Cherry Creek
Place IV
3300 S. Parker Road,
Suite #305
Aurora, CO 80014
Phone: (720) 748-7514
Fax: (720) 748-7680
Unsubscribe
|
Update My Profile
|
Privacy Policy
gateway mail end
