
Website
|
About
|
Contact Me
|
Serving You
|
Media Center
|
Legislative Work
|
Our District
|
Resources
February 23, 2015
The Scalise Capitol Report
Bloc king the Presidents Unconstitutional Executive Overreach
Legal immigration has played a vital role in building the United States of America. However, just as we are a nation of immigrants, we are also a nation of laws. Our Constitution is very clear on this issue: it is the role of Congress to write our nation's immigration laws, and the president cannot create his own laws unilaterally from the Oval Office.
America experienced a victory for the rule of law last week when a federal judge in Texas ruled against President Obamas illegal overreach on immigration. Not only are the president's actions unpopular among Americans, the court ruling confirms what House Republicans have been saying all along: President Obama does not have the legal authority to grant executive amnesty to millions who are here illegally.
The message this ruling sends to Senate Democrats is loud and clear: Get back to Washington to do your job and stop blocking funding for the Department of Homeland Security (DHS) as a way to defend the president's unlawful action. House Republicans fulfilled our promise to Americans with a bold vote to uphold the rule of law by blocking President Obama's illegal executive actions, while also fully funding DHS. I have been urging Senate Democrats to respect the rule of law and end this partisan filibuster, rather than shut down the Department of Homeland Security just to defend the president's illegal amnesty. Regardless of the obstructionism by a minority of Senators, the House will continue to defend the Constitution and
hold this Administration accountable .
Standing Up for a Strong National Defense
The Louisiana delegation has invited Brigadier General Roger L. Cloutier to an upcoming Army Listening Session at Fort Polk in Louisiana to discuss the Armys ongoing active-duty force reductions. Louisiana is home to a number of important military bases and installations, and Fort Polk is a vital asset to America's national security. A robust national security structure requires a fully-equipped and readily available military. We cannot afford deeper cuts to our defense budget that jeopardize our nation's military preparedness. We will maintain an open dialogue with the Department of Defense to ensure that our military leaders understand the important role military bases like Fort Polk play in protecting our country.
Rejecting BPs Attempt to Reduce Fines
A federal judge has
rejected
British Petroleums attempt to reduce its Deepwater Horizon oil spill fines. After nearly five years since the disaster, it is time for the Clean Water Act fines to be settled so that RESTORE Act funds can be used to rehabilitate Louisiana's coast from the devastating impacts of the spill. Judge Barbier's court ruling is a victory for Louisiana's recovery from that tragedy, as well as the rest of the Gulf Coast states. Five years is far too long for the people of Louisiana to wait to preserve and restore our coastal wetlands.
Honoring the Lenten Season
"Lent comes providentially to reawaken us, to shake us from our lethargy."
-Pope Francis
As we begin the Lenten season, I am reminded of the countless sacrifices Jesus made during his time on earth. Millions of Americans, myself included, will give up some of life's pleasures that might mildly change the routine of our day for the next 40 days. These small sacrifices might not be easy, but they pale in comparison to the ultimate sacrifice Jesus made for us all. I pray that this Lenten season draws each of us closer to Christ and that he blesses you for your sacrifice.
It is an honor to represent you in Congress. For more information please visit my
website ,
Twitter ,
Instagram , and
Facebook
pages.
God Bless,
Steve Scalise
House Majority Whip
WEBSITE
|
UNSUBSCRIBE
|
CONTACT
Washington DC Office
2338 Rayburn HOB
Washington, DC 20515
Phone: (202) 225-3015
Houma Office
8026 Main Street
Suite 700
Houma, LA 70360
Phone: (985) 879-2300
Metairie Office
110 Veterans Boulevard
Suite 500
Metairie, LA 70005
Phone: (504) 837-1259
Mandeville Office
21454 Koop Drive
Suite 1E
Mandeville, LA 70471
Phone: (985) 893-9064
Hammond Office
1514 Martens Drive
Suite 10
Hammond, LA 70401
Phone: (985) 340-2185
Click Here Click Here