
If you are
having trouble viewing this message or would like to share it on a social
network, you can
view
the message online .
HOME
ABOUT
CONTACT
ME
SERVING YOU
MEDIA CENTER
ISSUES &amp;
LEGISLATION
OUR DISTRICT
February 27, 2015
Dear
Friend,
Heres a quick rundown of what I was up to this week, as told in
photo form.
This week
I spoke to the California State Association of Counties and the
National Association of Counties on ways we can solve our infrastructure
crisis going forward.
We have an incredible backlog
of transportation and infrastructure projects, and short-term
authorizations do little to help solve that problem. Passing long-term bills
for our infrastructure systems, including rail systems and highways, is
a top priority of mine to help local and state officials plan
ahead.
On Wednesday I participated in a meeting of the House
Agriculture Committee on the past, present and future of the
Supplemental Nutrition Assistance Program (SNAP). This is an issue well be
focused on in the coming months as we look to ensure this crucial program
stays up to date and continues fulfilling its essential
purposes.
I met with CSU Stanislaus Associated Students to talk
about increasing and maintaining access to a college education and how
we can help facilitate a movement to keep students in school for the
full four year degree.
It was an honor to meet with the
Japanese Ambassador to the United States, Minister Yamaniuchi and
discuss our nations shared
priorities.
Lastly, I got to meet
briefly with the Century 21 st
Real Estate group,
which visited our DC office and toured the capitol this week. Many members
of this lively, exuberant group were from our district, including
21 st
Century CEO John Melo, who hails from
Oakdale.
On the floor this week, I
supported a bill to protect the 529 college savings plans that many
hardworking families currently hold for their children. As the father of
two kids, one in college and one preparing for college, I understand
how difficult it can be to save up for your childrens future.
American families are struggling more than ever to keep up with the rising
costs of higher education, and
this legislation
works to address this growing issue by improving existing 529 College
Savings Plans and keeping them tax-free.
As you may be
aware, we have spent much of this week working to address the pending
deadline for funding the Department of Homeland Security. As I
prepare for to vote on this issue I want to thank you all for your calls,
emails and messages about this topic. Funding DHS is crucial to ensuring
the safety of the American people, and I do not want to jeopardize
the departments essential work. I also cannot support the Presidents
immigration executive action, which ignores the will of the country and
which he himself said he did not have authority to carry out. These
two facts are weighing heavily on my decision going forward, as are
your views on this matter. I hope to have more to share about DHS funding
in the next week.
JEFF DENHAM
Do you support withholding funding for the Department of Homeland
Security due to President Obamas November 2014 executive
action? Yes No Do you support long-term (five or six year) bills
for our transportation and infrastructure systems over short-term
authorizations? Yes No Do you support increasing
funding for bridges and other failing pieces of infrastructure?
Yes No *By answering this survey, you
are subscribing to my newsletter. If you are having trouble,
click here.
E-mail Updates
Yes, please periodically send me
e-mail updates.*
*By
subscribing to my
e-mail updates, you are authorizing me to send
regular e-mail updates from my office to your e-mail account.
DC
office:
1730 Longworth HOB
Washington, DC
20515
P: 202-225-4540
F: 202-225-3402
Modesto Office:
4701 Sisk Road, Suite
202
Modesto, CA 95356
P: 209-579-5458
F: 209-579-5028
Unsubscribe
|
Update My Profile
|
Privacy
Policy
