
RAND'S NEWSLETTER UPDATE
FEBRUARY 27, 2015
Please allow me to update you on this week's happenings in Washington, D.C.
Dr. Rand Paul Meets with the Kentucky Farm Bureau
I had the pleasure of meeting with the Kentucky Farm Bureau this week in Washington, D.C. On Tuesday, I spoke at the Kentucky Farm Bureau Congressional Breakfast discussing the key issues affecting agriculture in Kentucky, more specifically on environmental and labor regulations. Later that day, I participated in the Farm Bureau Senate Question and Answer, alongside Sen. Mitch McConnell.
(Dr. Rand Paul speaks at the Kentucky Farm Bureau Congressional Breakfast, Photo Credit: Joe Cain - February 24, 2015)
(Dr. Rand Paul and Sen. Mitch McConnell fielding questions at the Kentucky Farm Bureau Q&amp;A - February 24, 2015)
Dr. Rand Paul Meets with Kentucky Broadcasters Association
On Wednesday morning, I had the opportunity to meet with the members of the Kentucky Broadcasters Association in the Strom Thurmond room in the U.S. Capitol. At the meeting, I heard their concerns on the reforms to the tax treatment of advertising costs and the performance tax on local radio broadcasters.
(Dr. Rand Paul and the Kentucky Broadcasters Association - February 24, 2015)
Dr. Rand Paul Meets with the Kentucky Medical Association
On Tuesday, I had the opportunity to meet with the Kentucky Medical Association in my offices in Washington, D.C. As a physician for 20 years, I particularly enjoyed speaking with the group on many important topics including medical practice regulation and graduate medical education.
(Dr. Rand Paul and Kentucky Medical Association - February 24, 2015)
Dr. Rand Paul Meets with American Legion Auxiliary's Department of Kentucky
I also had the opportunity to meet with American Legion Auxiliary's Department of Kentucky in my offices on Tuesday afternoon. It was a pleasure meeting with the group to discuss solutions for issues negatively affecting our nation's Veterans.
(Dr. Rand Paul and Kentucky's American Legion Auxiliary - February 24, 2015)
Dr. Rand Paul Meets with Kentucky Association of Electric Cooperatives
I had the opportunity to meet with Kentucky Association of Electric Cooperatives CEO Chris Perry on Tuesday afternoon. During the discussion, we touched on many important topics including various issues facing the electric industry.
(Dr. Rand Paul and Kentucky's Association of Electric Cooperatives - February 24, 2015)
Dr. Rand Paul Meets with the Kentucky Wing of the Civil Air Patrol
I had the opportunity to meet with the Kentucky Wing of the Civil Air
Patrol, including Lieutenant Colonel Don Morgan on Thursday afternoon.
During the discussion, we touched on many topics including an update
from the group on the activities of the Kentucky Wing of the Civil Air
Patrol Congressional Squadron.
(Dr. Rand Paul and Kentucky Wing of the Civil Air Patrol- February 26, 2015)
Dr. Rand Paul Meets with the Paducah Chamber of Commerce
On Wednesday, I met with the Board of the Paducah Chamber of Commerce and Economic Development, and the Mayor of Paducah, Gayle Kaler. It was great meeting with the group and discussing important issues affecting the area of Paducah.
(Dr. Rand Paul and Paducah Chamber of Commerce - February 25, 2015)
Media Wrap-Up
This week, I appeared on Fox's
The Kelly File with Martha MacCallum
and Special Report with Bret Baier, and
Yahoo News with Katie Couric . I spoke with several radio stations across the country, as well as stations in Kentucky. I also penned an op-ed in the
Huffington Post .
Have An Issue Or Concern?
If you are a Kentucky resident and need assistance with a federal agency or concern, feel free to contact the Bowling Green office (270-782-8303) to have a discussion with the appropriate staff member.
Stay in Touch with Sen. Paul's Social Media
You can find updates on what I'm doing by visiting my Senate website,
www.paul.senate.gov
and you can follow my official Google+ account
HERE . You can also subscribe to my YouTube channel
HERE . Don't forget to become a fan of my
official Facebook page
and my
official Instagram page
for other timely updates.
Warm Regards,
To unsubscribe from Rand's newsletter, please visit the
unsubscribe page
