
If
you are having trouble viewing this message or would like to share it
on a social network, you can
view the message online .
Website
About David
Contact
Serving
You
Media
Center
Legislative Work
District
February 06, 2015
Keeping Our Promise on
Obamacare
On Tuesday, I voted to repeal Obamacare and
replace it with a common-sense plan. This is the fourth time I have
voted for the full repeal of Obamacare. Families and businesses in West
Virginia were promised they could keep their doctor, keep their plan,
and that their cost of healthcare would decrease. All of these promises
were broken. Instead, American families have faced fewer health care
options, unaffordable costs and even canceled plans under
Obamacare.
To replace Obamacares top-down government controls, House
and Senate leaders released a plan to empower patients with more choice,
lower costs by increasing competition, and modernizing Medicaid for
generations to come. You can read more about that plan
here .
Speaking Straight on the
Taliban
This week, I introduced a resolution urging the
Obama Administration to call the Taliban a terrorist group. This
resolution was introduced after the White House refused to call the Taliban
in Afghanistan terrorists in a January 28 briefing.
Instead,
they only choose to call them an armed insurgency.
Under
federal law, a foreign terrorist organization is a group that is a)
foreign, b) engaged in terrorist activity, and c) threatens the security
of the United States or its citizens.
The White House and
the State Department refuse to refer to the Taliban as a terrorist
group despite the Department of the Treasury and the National
Counterterrorism Center designating the Taliban as a terrorist organization.
Its time for consistency and straight talk across our federal
government.
Earlier this week I spoke on the floor about this
resolution:
Ensuring an Effective Flu
Vaccine
America is currently in the midst of a
severe flu season and reports indicate that the vaccine has been only 23
percent effective. This year the CDC is expecting over 50,000 deaths and
200,000 hospitalizations due to this flu. How did this
happen?
On Tuesday, the House Energy and Commerce Committee held a
hearing to review this years response and to find out what went
wrong.
Watch my questioning of the witnesses here:
In short, disease experts learned earlier this summer
that this flu strain had mutated so much that the vaccine would not be
effective. This situation raises questions about whether the federal
government has an effective public health strategy and communication
program on flu, and whether it manages its resources
effectively.
We must modernize the process so it is not a game of chance. The
archaic process our public health officials use to choose the vaccine
must be reformed. As the Committee learns more, I look forward to
working on legislative solutions to ensure Americans have access to an
effective flu vaccine.
Helping Our Veteran
Students
The transition from war zone to campus is not
always an easy one. After meeting with student veterans at West
Virginia University, Fairmont State, and Potomac State this past year, it
became clear to me that veterans would benefit from more time to finish
their degrees in the science, technology, engineering, math and health
fields.
Along with Rep. Dina Titus (D-NV), I introduced
H.R. 748, the GI Bill STEM Extension Act on Thursday. This proposal gives
students who utilize the Post-9/11 GI Bill the option to apply for an
extra nine months of benefits if they pursue a degree in one of the
STEM fields.
I also had the honor to attend the dedication
of the student veterans lounge at Potomac State College on
Friday:
Mountaineers
Update
This past Tuesday the Mountaineers travelled
out of state to face off against Oklahomas Sooners. It was a
disappointing 71-52 loss against a Big 12 opponent, especially this late in the
season. WVU was unable to put forward a solid offense, shooting a
poor 34 percent of its field goals.
Despite this setback, the
Mountaineers return this weekend to the Coliseum. WVU faces off
against 19 th -ranked Baylor in an important conference
matchup.
This week was also National Signing Day.
Heres
a rundown of all the recruits coming to WVU in the fall. A
warm welcome to these new Mountaineers!
Planning a
Trip to
Washington?
Visiting Washington is an exciting and educational experience. My door is
always open, so please doesnt hesitate to stop by my office. In
addition,
my staff can serve as a resource to you in booking
tours for your trip.
If you want an appointment just give my office a call at 202-225-4172,
or submit a request on my website at
www.mckinley.house.gov .
American Sniper Have you seen "American Sniper"
yet? Yes No Not Yet/Don't Know *By answering this survey, you
are subscribing to my newsletter. If you are having
trouble, click here. Share on Facebook Share on Twitter
Washington,
DC
412 Cannon HOB |
Washington, DC 20515
Phone:
(202)
225-4172 |
Fax: (202) 225-7564
Morgantown
709 Beechurst Ave.
Suite 29
Morgantown, WV
26505
Phone: 304.284.8506
Fax: 304-284-8505
Wheeling
Horne
Building
1100 Main Street, Suite 101
Wheeling, WV 26003
Phone:
(304) 232-3801
Fax: 304-232-3813
Parkersburg
Federal Building
425 Juliana Street Suite 1004
Parkersburg, WV 26101
Phone: (304)
422-5972
Fax: 304-422-5974
Unsubscribe
|
Update My Profile
|
Privacy Policy
gateway mail
end 