
February 6, 2015
Dear Fellow New Mexican,
Ramah, New Mexico resident Frank Lambert enlisted in the Navy when he was 20 years old. He spent 18 months aboard an amphibious naval craft transporting troops and supplies upstream along the many rivers in central Vietnam. Mr. Lambert was awarded several medals for his service. When he was honorably discharged, he was expecting his medals in the mail, but they never arrived.
In 1984, Mr. Lambert began the pursuit to receive his medals, and care for a hearing problem he incurred as a result of his time in Vietnam. After three decades without any progress, he came to my office seeking assistance. My office went straight to work on his case, contacting the various agencies to assist him with his VA disability claim and search for his medals.
My staff worked diligently on Mr. Lambert's case, and today he has the service medals he bravely earned so many years ago and is receiving the veteran's benefits he was promised.
It was an honor to assist Mr. Lambert, and on behalf of all New Mexicans, I'm truly grateful for his service to our country.
One of the most rewarding parts of serving as your U.S. Senator is being able to help New Mexicans like Mr. Lambert. And my office has a proven track record, with more than 1,600 cases completed in 2014. My office can assist with things like Social Security benefits, Medicare, immigration issues, veterans benefits, and other federal programs. While I cannot guarantee a specific outcome, I will ensure that your case is reviewed fairly, thoroughly, and in a timely manner.
My staff also holds
Mobile Office Hours
on a regular basis throughout the state. In 2014, we held more than 50 Mobile Office Hours events in every county.
If you are experiencing an issue with a federal agency, please do not hesitate to
contact one of my offices near you
to see how I can assist you.
It is an honor to serve you in the United States Senate.
Sincerely,
MARTIN HEINRICH
United States Senator
Follow me on Facebook and Twitter:
To unsubscribe from this mailing list,
click here .
To continue to receive updates,
click here
&ldquo;As the saying goes, &lsquo;you can judge a person by his friends&rsquo; and I say &lsquo;you can judge a senator by his staff&rsquo;. Thank you.&rdquo;
&ndash;Frank Lambert
