
If you are having trouble
viewing this message or would like to share it on a social network, you
can
view the message
online .
About Lynn
|
Constituent Services
|
Issues
|
Media
Center
|
Legislative Center
|
Georgia's Third District
|
Contact Me
March 15, 2015
Capitol Corner: Protecting the Integrity of
the Child Tax Credit
There is
nothing that makes me happier than being a father, but I know firsthand
that raising children is expensive.
In fact, a recent study by
the
Department of Agriculture
found that for a middle-income, two-parent family, the total average
expected expenditures on a child from birth through age 18 has reached
$245,340. With so many families struggling with the recovering economy
and the burden of our tax code, its time we provide solutions that
give American families relief while upholding the integrity of the
law.
Last week I introduced H.R.
1333, the Child Tax Credit Integrity Preservation Act, to close the
loophole that currently allows illegal immigrants to claim the Additional
Child Tax Credit (ACTC), which is currently costing taxpayers
billions. The ACTC was put in place to provide a tax credit for lower income
Americans with children. Unfortunately, because the law only requires
an Individual Tax Identification Number rather than a Social Security
number, some illegal immigrants have used the ACTC to illegally claim
this tax credit. H.R. 1333 would change the U.S. tax code to require
filers to provide Social Security numbers in order to qualify for the
Additional Child Tax Credit, a requirement that the Joint Committee on
Taxation estimates would save approximately $20 billion over 10
years.
The burden the federal
tax system places on our families and businesses is one of the
reasons why I first ran for office in Georgia, and continues to be a
motivation for my service in Congress. It is completely unacceptable that the
federal government continues to waste billions of taxpayer dollars on
improper and fraudulent tax refunds.
I will continue to fight
to protect the benefits of our tax code for those who are in this
country legally and have legally obtained a social security
number.
Share on
Facebook
Share on Twitter
ATF Drops Proposed AR-15
Ammunition Ban
Tuesday, the Bureau of
Alcohol, Tobacco, Firearms, and Explosives (ATF) announced they will no
longer move forward with proposed framework to ban a form of armor-piercing
ammunition commonly used in AR-15 hunting rifles. The decision was
made in response to over 80,000 comments received by the ATF, including
a letter sent from Georgia House Republicans expressing concern and
opposition to the proposal.
The
decision by the ATF proved that for once, the Obama Administration heard
the American people loud and clear. Due to the peoples overwhelming
opposition, the ATFs proposed framework to ban ammunition commonly
used for AR-15 hunting rifles has been halted. The proposed framework was
another regulatory overreach by the Presidents administration to
punish law abiding hunters and gun owners.
I joined both the
Georgia House Republicans and 239 House members in expressing opposition to
the proposed framework, and I am thankful the ATF did not move forward
with it. I will continue to fight for law abiding citizens to
exercise their Second Amendment rights and keep this administration
accountable for upholding the integrity of the United States
Constitution.
To view the letter sent by
Georgia House Republicans to the ATF on February 26th, please
click
here .
To view the bipartisan letter sent by 239 House members to
the ATF on March 4th, please
click
here .
To read the full statement by
the ATF, please
click
here .
Share on Facebook
Share on
Twitter
Join the Conversation
Tell a Friend
E-mail:
In Other News
VIDEO: Westmoreland Concerned Over Clinton Email Scandal, Joins
Lou Dobbs to Discuss
Last week, news reports
broke that former Secretary of State Hillary Clinton used two personal
email addresses and a private server during her four years at the State
Department and did not have a government email
account...
Westmoreland: C-SPAN Radio Hears from
Westmoreland on Clinton Email Scandal
Wednesday
Congressman Lynn Westmoreland joined C-SPAN Radio's Washington Journal to
discuss State Hillary Clinton's press conference addressing the
scandal surrounding her personal email account...
Westmoreland: This District Work
Week
I've been staying busy down in GA03 this week. Check out my
Facebook album for photos of what I've been up to...
Westmoreland: Congressional Art
Competition
The GA-03 Congressional Art Competition will be held
March 28 at the CEC in Newnan...
Reminder: Registration for Academy Day Now
Open
I invite you to meet representatives of Americas Service
Academies on Saturday, May 9th from 10:00 a.m. until 11:30 a.m. at
Dobbins Air Reserve Base in Marietta,
Ga
WASHINGTON, DC OFFICE 2202 Rayburn House Office
Bldg Washington, DC 20515 Phone (202) 225-5901 Fax (202)
225-2515
THIRD DISTRICT
OFFICE
1601-B East Highway
34 Newnan, Georgia 30265 Phone (770) 683-2033 Fax (770) 683-2042
Unsubscribe
|
Update My Profile
|
Privacy Policy
gateway mail end
