
If
you are having trouble viewing this message or would like to share it on
a social network, you can
view the message online .
HOME
ABOUT
CONTACT
ME
SERVING YOU
MEDIA CENTER
ISSUES &amp;
LEGISLATION
OUR DISTRICT
March 20, 2015
Dear
Friend,
I began this week with a vote that is crucial to helping
protect our volunteer emergency responders. I supported the Protecting
Volunteer Firefighters and Emergency Responders Act, which prevents
volunteer fire departments and other providers of emergency services from
bearing the unmanageable costs of providing healthcare for their
volunteers. The bill, H.R. 1191, guarantees that volunteer firefighters and
other volunteer emergency personnel are not counted as employees
under the Internal Revenue Code. Preventing this employee designation
means fire departments will not be forced to cut back on emergency
services or close under the steep costs of providing healthcare under the
Affordable Care Act.
Volunteer fire departments play a
vital role in Californias emergency response system. This bill is
imperative to protecting many communities that rely on men and women who
voluntarily give their time and talents to keep us safe. Without this
legislation, the ACA mandate could potentially lead numerous volunteer
fire departments to close or significantly cut back on their emergency
response activities.
I was honored to receive the Benjamin Franklin award from the 60+
Association yesterday for my commitment to repealing the death
tax.
This award is presented to
lawmakers who avidly support the death tax repeal, and is named in
remembrance of the man who famously said, There are two certainties in
life death and taxes. This temporary death tax is a job-robbing,
confiscatory tax that should have been repealed 100 years ago.
On Wednesday I met with
representatives of the Alyeska Pipeline Service Co., which runs the
800-mile Trans-Alaska Pipeline System (TAPS), which transports oil from the
North Slope of Alaska to Valdez so it can be shipped to the lower 48
states.
I appreciated hearing
from them as I work to ensure efficiency and safety of our pipelines
as Chairman of the Railroads, Pipelines and Hazardous Materials
subcommittee.
Constituents from Tracy and Manteca visited my office to advocate for prostate
cancer research and continued focus on fighting this deadly disease
and the treatment side effects that often accompany
it.
We discussed the Department of
Defenses prostate cancer research program and the Centers for Disease
Controls budget.
I
spent time with Senam Mohamed, the European representative of Rojava
Autonomous regions in Syria, and Mehmet Yuksel, the representative of
Peoples Democratic Party in Turkey, on
Thursday.
The ongoing turmoil in Syria is having a
terrible impact on many Valley Assyrians and those around the globe
and
Im committed to doing everything I can to help. I wrote President
Obama a letter earlier this month recommending several steps the
Administration must take to assist.
Watch the video outlining
my letter here .
Next week the House is likely to
vote on a FY 2016 budget. My work in Congress has been to promote
pro-growth policies that will address economic growth, the debt and long-term
unemployment head-on.
Our taxpayers deserve assurance that
their hard-earned dollars are not subject to fraudulent waste and instead
are going towards policies that actually help, not hinder, local and
state economies. Small businesses and family farms, not government, are
the engine of growth for our economy. As I consider supporting a
budget for the coming fiscal year and vote on bills appropriating funds to
all of our major departments, Im looking for legislation that helps
eliminate bureaucratic red tape and removes barriers to job creation.
The Presidents proposed budget, which never balances, isnt a viable
option.
More spending isnt the responsible solution
hardworking Americans are looking for, and raising taxes on one group is
short-term thinking instead of finding a larger tax reform solution
that makes our tax code flatter, fairer and easier to understand.
Moreover, we have a responsibility to balance our budget just like families
all across the country do every day.
As always, I
appreciate hearing your feedback on the budget and other legislative
proposals. Please contact me via email, through the mail, or via
phone.
Wishing you a wonderful weekend and a happy first day of
spring!
JEFF DENHAM
Do you support the
FY 2016 budget proposed by the House Budget Committee?
Yes No Would you support a balanced budget amendment to the
U.S. Constitution?
Yes No Do you support the FY
2016 budget proposed by President Obama?
Yes No *By answering this survey, you are subscribing to my
newsletter. If you are having trouble, click
here.
E-mail
Updates
Yes, please periodically send me e-mail
updates.*
*By subscribing to my
e-mail updates, you are authorizing me to send regular e-mail updates
from my office to your e-mail account.
DC
office:
1730 Longworth HOB
Washington, DC
20515
P:
202-225-4540
F: 202-225-3402
Modesto
Office:
4701 Sisk Road, Suite 202
Modesto, CA
95356
P: 209-579-5458
F: 209-579-5028
Unsubscribe
|
Update My Profile
|
Privacy Policy
