
Miller Newsletter
February 15, 2015
Washington Update
House Passes S.1, the Keystone XL Pipeline Approval Act
More than six years after the application to construct the Keystone XL pipeline was submitted to the Obama Administration, the project remains delayed in a bureaucratic nightmare.
Keystone XL would create more than 40,000 jobs, help lower energy costs for consumers, increase energy security, and, according to the State Departments own analysis, have minimal environmental impact.
The House has acted multiple times to approve Keystone XL, including earlier this year, and, after considering amendments, the Senate sent S.1, their version of the
Keystone XL Pipeline Approval Act , to the House, which we voted on last week.
I voted in favor of S.1, which passed the House by a vote of 270-152.
This bill will now be sent to the President, where he will have to decide whether to sign it and approve this commonsense project, or follow through on his veto threat.
The American people overwhelmingly support Keystone XL.
It is time for the President to do the right thing and sign this bill.
House Passes H.R. 636, the Americas Small Business Tax Relief Act of 2015
The House passed H.R. 636, the
Americas Small Business tax Relief Act of 2015 , which comprises three separate measures to permanently extend certain temporary tax provisions that provide critical tax relief to our Nation's small businesses.
Specifically, this bill would make permanent a provision that allows businesses to expense up to $500,000 in equipment, property, and computer software used in a trade or business; would permanently extend the five-year period for which an S corporation must hold its assets following conversion from a C corporation to avoid the tax on built-in gains; and would make permanent a provision that allows S corporation shareholders to reduce the basis of their shares by the adjusted basis of charitable contributions.
As a result of this measure, small businesses would be provided the certainty to invest and build their businesses and create jobs.
H ouse Passes H.R. 644, the America Gives More Act of 2015
Americans are some the most charitable in the world, both in domestic charities assistance and donations to charities abroad.
Incentivizing this charitable nature would only unleash additional giving, reducing dependence on government programs and fostering communities through private donations nationwide.
Last week, the House passed H.R.644, the
America Gives More Act of 2015 , which would make permanent an extension and expansion of charitable tax deduction for contributions of food inventory by businesses, establish certain tax-free distributions from Individual Retirement Accounts for charitable purposes, and would make permanent tax deductions for contributions of conservation easements and a flat one-percent excise tax on investment income of private foundations.
Making these provisions permanent avoids annually legislating charitable donations through a piecemeal approach, providing greater certainty to charitable tax policy.
Congress Passes H.R.431, Awarding the Congress' Highest Honor to
the Foot Soldiers who participated in Bloody Sunday, Turnaround Tuesday, or the final Selma to Montgomery Voting Rights March in March of 1965, which served as a catalyst for the Voting Rights Act of 1965
Next month, our Nation will mark the 50th anniversary of one of the seminal moments in the Civil Rights Movement: the Selma to Montgomery marches.
Last week, the House unanimously passed legislation to award a Congressional Gold Medal to the thousands of individuals who participated in these marches.
On March 7, 1965, a group of more than 500 individuals, led by then-Chairman of the Student Nonviolent Coordinating Committee and current Member of Congress, John Lewis, and Reverend Hosea Williams of the Southern Christian Leadership Conference, set out to make the 54-mile march from Selma, Alabama to the Alabama State Capitol Building in Montgomery to draw attention to the widespread disenfranchisement of African-American voters in Dallas County, where Selma is located.
As they attempted to leave the city of Selma, the marchers were viciously attacked and the march was turned back.
Two days after this event, known as Bloody Sunday, Dr. Martin Luther King, Jr. led a second march, known as Turnaround Tuesday, which was also stopped as the marchers attempted to leave the city of Selma.
Despite these attempts at intimidation, a third march from Selma to Montgomery began on March 21 and was completed on March 25, when the marchers arrived at the State Capitol in Montgomery, by which time their numbers had increased to an estimated 25,000 individuals.
There are many moments which have changed the course of our Nations history, and the Selma to Montgomery marches certainly belong in this category.
In an address to a joint session of Congress, which was televised for the Nation, President Johnson cited the Selma to Montgomery marches as one of the key catalysts for the introduction and eventual passage of the
Voting Rights Act of 1965 .
Although the
Voting Rights Act
came about after a moment of strife and discord, it is emblematic of what can be achieved when Americans of all stripes come together to stand up for our inalienable constitutional rights.
As we celebrate Black History Month during the month of February, it is fitting for the House to pass legislation granting the Congressional Gold Medal to the participants of these marches in recognition of their brave actions, which helped change the course of our Nations history.
H ouse Passes Important Transportation Security Measures
This House took an important step last week in successfully passing legislation to increase the effectiveness of maritime transportation security, combat waste within the Transportation Security Administration, and improve emergency preparedness and response capabilities at domestic airports.
Specifically, H.R.710, the
Essential Transportation Worker Identification Credential Assessment Act , without authorizing additional funds, calls for an assessment of the effectiveness of the transportation security card program at enhancing security and reducing security risks for maritime facilities and vessels and a corrective action plan in response.
H.R.719, the
TSA Office of Inspection Accountability Act , combats government waste by directing the Department of Homeland Security (DHS) Inspector General to analyze the data and methods used to classify criminal investigator positions to determine whether or not the data and methods are adequate and valid.
Lastly, H.R.720, the
Gerardo Hernandez Airport Security Act , ensures that the implementation and performance of security measures that U.S. airports have in place can respond to security incidents inside the airport perimeter, including active shooters, acts of terrorism, and incidents that target passenger-screening checkpoints.
Collectively these bills would require greater DHS oversight at the highest levels to improve security while ensuring the taxpayer's dollar is put to good use.
Meeting with NAIOP Leadership
I met with Ms. Doris Mink from Gulf Power and Mr. Joe Buehler, from J.G. Buehler &amp; Co., as part of the the NAOIP Commercial Real Estate Development Association, regarding their legislative priorities for the 114th Congress.
In the meeting, we discussed several issues, including tax extenders; tax reform; transportation and infrastructure investment; and energy efficiency.
Without question, our economy is saddled by burdensome regulations and unpredictable tax structures.
I appreciate Ms. Mink and Mr. Buehler for taking the time to visit with me, and I look forward to continuing to work with NAOIP and my colleagues in Congress to allow our real estate industry to not only improve, but to flourish.
Congr essman Miller meeting with Mr. Joe Buehler and
Mrs. Doris Mink (center right to right)
Veterans Corner
House Committee on Veterans' Affairs Full Committee Meets to Review VA's Budget Request for Fiscal Year 2015
In the months since VAs medical care wait times and accountability crises were exposed, the departments budget has generated much discussion. VA officials have insisted the department needs even more money on top of the $15 billion in additional funding included in the
Veterans Access, Choice and Accountability Act , which became law in August 2014. VA officials have also said the department needs to hire as many as 28,000 additional employees, but it is unclear what that figure is based on given that the department didnt even start tracking unfilled medical positions until June of 2014.
Last week, the House Committee on Veterans Affairs met to review the Department of Veterans Affairs $168 billion budget request for Fiscal Year 2016, including $70.2 billion for discretionary spending, an increase of 7.8 percent from FY 2015. This request for additional resources comes despite the fact that until the most recent fiscal year, VA left hundreds of millions in health care funding unspent every year since 2010.
Wednesday's hearing provided the committee the opportunity to examine the details behind VAs budget request and determine how the department would use its budget to improve the quality, efficiency and timeliness of services to veterans, while increasing accountability and transparency across the department.
To view the hearing, click on the images below.
To view part one of the February 11, 2015 VA Budget Hearing, click on the left image (start at 37:38).
To view part two of the February 11, 2015 VA Budget Hearing, click on the right image.
House Committee on Veterans' Affairs Advances Pending Legislation
Last week, the House Committee on Veterans' Affairs advanced four important measures to the full House. Specifically, the Committee passed H.R.280, which would authorize the VA Secretary to recoup bonuses and awards paid to VA employees; H.R.294, which would authorize the VA Secretary to transfer a veteran who is being provided nursing home care to a medical foster home; H.R.216, which would direct the VA Secretary to submit annually to Congress a future-years veterans program that reflects estimated expenditures and proposed appropriations; and H.R.189, which would amend current law to extend through 2016 the one-year period after a servicemember's military service that protects them any forced sale, foreclosure, or seizure of their real or personal property without their signed agreement.
Currently, the extended one-year period is scheduled to expire on December 31, 2015, and return to a nine-month period.
To view the legislative markup, click on the image below.
Click on the image above to view the Febr uary 12 House Committee on Veterans' Affairs Markup (start at 25:01)
The SAV Act
Becomes Law
Following its passage out of both houses of Congress, and with the help of Clay Hunt's parents who fought tirelessly to shepherd it through the legislative process, the president signed the
Clay Hunt Suicide Prevention for American Veterans Act
(SAV Act) into law.
Named for veteran Clay Hunt,
the SAV Act
provides comprehensive, new ideas to improve the accessibility and effectiveness of veterans' mental health care and is an important step toward helping to stop the epidemic of veteran suicides.
The law is not only a fitting tribute to the legacy of Clay Hunt and a tool to help improve veterans' mental health care, it's also a shining example of how our legislative process is supposed to work.
I was humbled to participate in House Speaker John Boehner's signing ceremony for the
SAV Act
as well as attend the presidents signing ceremony at the White House.
Chairman Miller speaks at House Speaker John Boehner's (R-OH) signing ceremony (left); Chairman Miller reviews the Clay Hunt Suicide Prevention for American Veterans Act with Clay Hunts parents, Susan and Richard Selke (right)
The President Sig ns the Clay Hunt Suicide Prevention for American Veterans Act into Law.
Click on the image above to view the ceremony.
The National Association of State Approving Agencies 2015 Lifetime Achievement Award
I was honored to receive the National Association of State Approving Agencies (NASAA) Inaugural Lifetime Achievement Award last week.
NASAA has a long history of serving veterans, dating back to the World War II era, and maintains a crucial partnership with VA and schools, along with the House Committee on Veterans' Affairs, to help ensure that veterans receive the quality education and training they have earned.
Accepting this award as a result of our collaborative work provided me the opportunity to thank NASAA for all of their efforts to ensure that educational institutions continue providing quality offerings to those using GI Bill benefits and in educating its schools and states' elected officials on the importance of implementing the in-state tuition provision of the
Veterans Access, Choice, and Accountability Act
that was signed into law last summer.
I appreciate NASAA's valuable insight and diligence and look forward to our continued work in finding solutions that protect taxpayers and student veterans alike.
Chairman Miller accepted the National Association of State Approving Agencies Lifetime Leadership Award from NASAA President Joe Wescott (left) and NASAA Legislative Chair Tim Freeman (right )
Meeting with Jewish War Veterans
I met with members of the Jewish War Veterans of the United States of America last week regarding VAs budget request as well as the House Committee on Veterans' Affairs legislative and oversight agenda for the 114th Congress. We also talked about reducing wait times and backlogs at VA facilities nationwide. Although, there have been steady improvements, VA still has much work to do to provide our veterans with the quality care they deserve, and I appreciate the Jewish War Veterans continued interest in this important topic.
Chairman Miller meeting with
Members of the Jewish War Veterans of the United States of America
Visit with Combat Veterans to Careers
I had the pleasure of visiting with David Booth, President and CEO of Combat Veterans to Careers (CVC) and U.S. Army (ret.), along with Carey Baker, Lake County, Florida, Property Appraiser, U.S. Army (ret.), and a former Florida State House colleague of mine; Kent Adcock, Chief Executive Officer, Habitat for Humanity of Lake-Sumter, Florida, Inc.; Felix Ramirez, President of the Habitat for Humanity of Lake-Sumter, Florida, Inc. Board of Directors; and City Manager Al Minner of Leesburg, Florida.
Since May 2012, Florida-based CVC has partnered with local residents, businesses and academia to assist veterans in their transition back to the civilian world. CVC shepherds transitioning veterans toward meaningful employment and works with them in accessing VA benefits, housing, counseling and educational opportunities.
I also learned about Habitat for Humanity of Lake-Sumter's plans to build a Habitat community in Leesburg and the groups Veterans Housing Initiative.
Habitat for Humanity of Lake-Sumter, which recently completed a house for a disabled Vietnam Veteran, has committed to building at least one home a year for a veteran in need.
I appreciate these individuals efforts to help our Nations veterans, which serve as a stalwart example for the rest of the Nation.
Chairman Miller visiting with
Mr. Minner, Mr. Adcock, Mr. Ramirez, Mr. Baker, Mr. Booth (left to right)
In the News
This week we collectively mourn the latest victim held in captivity by Daesh, or ISIL. Moved by images of children suffering in the early stages of Syrias civil war, Kayla Muellera 26 year old aid workerleft her Arizona home in December 2012 to work with the Danish Refugee Council in alleviating the plight of Syrian refugees. Eight months later, Kayla was taken hostage by Daesh. On Tuesday, Kaylas family received verification of her tragic death.
In addition to countless victims from other countries, Kaylas death marks the fourth American tragedy at the hands of Daesh. As a Nation we remember the beautiful memory and example of service left behind by Kayla, and our sincerest thoughts and prayers are with the Mueller family during this tragic time.
Without question, Daesh is at war with the United States and the civilized world. In response, the President has finally sent to Congress his request for the Authorization for Use of Military Force (AUMF) against Daesh. While action must be taken and the President was right to come to Congress, I remain concerned with how exactly his proposal will enable our military commanders to defeat this threat. The president must detail how the military can operate within the restrictions he has suggested and explain to the American people why he is seeking to tie his own hands by limiting authority he has already claimed. Constrained, piecemeal implementation of forces may not achieve the necessary objectives, and hampering military commanders may place our servicemembers in additional and unnecessary danger while carrying out the mission. We must assure our allies and our enemies that we are committed to the fight against an evil unprecedented in recent memory. Any AUMF against Daesh must provide the requisite tools needed by our military commanders, and political expediency must not dictate military strategy.
My colleagues and I on the House Armed Services Committee held a hearing on the state of Islamic extremism, focusing on its key trends, challenges, and implications for U.S. policy.
The witnesses, Mr. William Braniff from the National Consortium for the Study of Terrorism and Responses to Terrorism; Dr. Marc Lynch from George Washington University, and General Michael Flynn (USA, ret.), former Director of the Defense Intelligence Agency; provided us with an in-depth analysis on the current threats facing us in the region, specifically with the barbaric thugs of Daesh. Click on the image below to view my questions posed to the witnesses at the February 13, 2015 hearing.
Click on the image
above
to view
my question ing the witnesses at the February 13 House Armed Services Committee Hearing
Miller Media Clips
To read some recent press clips highlighting my work on behalf of Florida's First Congressional District and our Nations veterans and servicemembers, click on the links below:
Suicide Prevention for Veterans Act Signed Into Law
Florida Congressmen Promise 'Trust But Verify' Approach to VA Budget
President Obama Signs the Clay Hunt Suicide Prevention Act: 'The Stigma Has to End...'
Budget Proposal Restricts GI Bill Funding to For-Profit Colleges
GAO: Veterans' health care costs a 'high risk' for taxpayers
After Years of Cuts or Freezes, Committee Leaders Hope to Bolster Budgets
VA Health System Added to High Risk List for Failing to Fix Problems
Congress Acts on Veteran Suicides
Constituent Voice
Childhood Cancer Research
Constituents from across Floridas First Congressional District have reached out to my office advocating for increased funding for childhood cancer research.
Like these constituents who have contacted my office, I believe we have a moral duty to protect the most vulnerable among us, and there are few groups more worthy of support than the 10,380 children under the age of 15 who the American Cancer Society estimates will be diagnosed with cancer this year. As a member of the bipartisan Childhood Cancer Caucus, I believe it is vital that Congress work together across party lines in support of measures that will ease the pain, suffering and long-term effects of childhood cancers, as researchers across the country work toward the goal of eliminating childhood cancer.
The National Cancer Institute, part of the National Institutes of Health, supports research each year to help scientists and doctors better understand the causes of cancer and pursue possible treatments and cures.
With these efforts, and the advocacy and support of millions of Americans, we have seen the survival rates for childhood cancer increase significantly over recent decades; nonetheless, even one innocent life lost to childhood cancer is one too many.
I believe that we should increase the funding available for childhood cancer research, and that is why I joined with many of my colleagues on the Childhood Cancer Caucus to request an increase in funds for research for fiscal year 2015.
In addition, I believe we must do a better job of coordinating research and development of potential treatments and cures, and that is why language was included in the FY15 spending bill to direct the National Cancer Institute to provide a detailed summary of all the pediatric cancer research it has funded in the past three years and to use funds from the Cures Acceleration Network to increase the speed of development for pediatric cancer drugs.
In the coming weeks and months, Congress will begin the appropriations process for FY16 spending bills.
As these bills are being crafted, I will continue to work with my colleagues in Congress to support additional funding for the necessary life-saving research needed to beat pediatric cancer and to pray for the children and families battling against this horrible disease.
As always, I welcome your comments. To share your thoughts on legislation, votes or issues, please visit http://jeffmiller.house.gov/ to send an e-mail or call any of my offices.
Thanks,
Jeff
Click Here
to view this email in your browser
Click Here
to be removed from this list