DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.0 Transitional//EN" "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml1/DTD/xhtml1-transitional.dtd"
If you are having trouble reading this email,
please view the web version .
Republicans Getting Ready for Obamacare Court Decision
This week, the Supreme Court heard oral arguments in King v. Burwell This is a case that could determine whether the government can provide tax subsidies to purchase insurance in states that dont run their own Obamacare exchange. Last week in front of the Health Subcommittee, HHS Secretary Burwell said the administration has no plan if this case goes against the administration and millions of people lose benefits. However, House Republicans will be ready should the court strike down subsidies in 34 states. I wrote about our plan in the
Philadelphia Inquirer . Basically our plan has two parts: First, end the extensive federal mandates created by Obamacare and give choices to states, individuals, and families. Second, create a new way to support Americans' purchase of insurance. Legislation based on these principles will be introduced before the Supreme Court decision comes down. The President may not be ready, but we certainly will be.
Homeland Security Spending Passes House
Last week, the Senate passed a Homeland Security spending bill that did not contain the House provisions opposing the Presidents immigration orders. In order to give the House time to press for a conference with the Senate, Republican leaders introduced a three-week spending bill. Unfortunately, this measure failed and the House was only able to pass a one-week bill hours before a DHS shutdown. With the Senate refusing to negotiate with the House, there was no chance of averting a shutdown before the Friday deadline. I do not believe that shutting down the department during a time of increasing terrorist threats is good for national security or would have gotten any concessions out of the President, who seemed to be relishing a potential shutdown. I reluctantly supported the full year funding. Congress is supposed to be a check on the Presidents power, but the Senate Democrats refuse to do anything to prevent the President from overstepping his constitutional bounds.
My Thoughts on Prime Minister Netanyahus Address
With the intense focus on the rise of the Islamic State in recent months, Im glad that Prime Minister Netanyahu reminded us of the potent threat a nuclear Iran presents to the Middle East. The Iranian regimes willingness to use terrorism to accomplish its goals makes it impossible to tolerate their development of nuclear weapons. We cannot lose sight of just how much devastation could come from Iran becoming a nuclear power. I want to thank the Prime Minister for his words and his contribution to the debate over a proper nuclear deal. To view the complete address,
CLICK HERE .
Reintroducing the International Religious Freedom Act
On Wednesday, I reintroduced the Shahbaz Bhatti International Religious Freedom Act. The bill makes amendments to the International Religious Freedom Act of 1998 to strengthen U.S. advocacy for freedom of religion or belief abroad. This is identical to the bill I introduced late last year with Rep. Anna Eshoo (D-CA). The bill creates new provisions in the law that will seek to sanction some of the non-state actors who are now increasingly responsible for religious violence, like ISIS and Boko Haram. I think there is a good chance that this legislation will get serious consideration this year. Ill be working hard to get it passed through the House and Senate.
Op-ed of the Week: The Consequences of Sloppy Work
In just a few weeks, it will be five years since President Obama signed the Affordable Care Act into law. The legislative process that created Obamacare may seem like ancient history now but it continues to have an impact on how the law is functioning today.
READ MORE
Facebook
Podcast
Tell Joe Your Opinion
Issues
The 16th District
Ask Joe For Help
The Government
Legislation
Press
About Joe Pitts
Photo Gallery
Please feel free to
forward this email to your friends and family .
Recent Videos
Protection from Obamacare Hacks
Rep. Pitts discusses his bill to promptly inform consumers if Obamacare exchanges are hacked.
Obamacare Hurts Local Schools
Rep. Pitts speaks in support of the bill repealing Obamacare, noting that the bill is hurting local schools.
Washington, D.C. Office
420 Cannon House Office Building
Washington, DC 20515
(1st Street and Independence Avenue)
202-225-2411
202-225-2013 (fax)
Chester County Office
Post Office Box 837
Unionville, PA 19375
(Routes 82 and 926)
610-444-4581
610-444-5750 (fax)
Lancaster Office
150 North Queen Street
Suite 716 (7th floor)
Lancaster, PA 17603
717-393-0667
717-393-0924 (fax)
Click Here Click Here