
More Misguided Policy under Obama
Recently, I had the opportunity to visit Guantanamo Bay Naval Base to learn more about its operations.
I believe many of us agree the President is wrong about a lot, but when it comes to Guantanamo,
the President could not be more misguided.
The bottom line is that there are people out there that continue to be a threat to our country that we simply cannot allow to return to the fight.
By releasing those who want to do our nation harm,
the President is not only putting the America at risk, but is putting our soldiers that defend our freedom in harms way.
Quite frankly, I do not buy the Presidents argument that there is a need to close down Guantanamo.
The people housed there are terrorists and will return to fight regardless of group affiliation.
These are people who want to do harm to America because the freedoms and privileges that all American citizens enjoy. With ISIL in the Middle East and while our borders are not secure,
we cannot gamble with our national security by letting these people return to the fight.
One of the essential roles of our government is to provide for a common defense.
Guantanamo Bay Naval Base helps accomplish that goal. In matters like this, it is the role of Congress to advise and give consent to the President. Clearly, he is making poor choices, and I will work with my colleagues in the House to make sure that Guantanamo continues to be in operation while we face threats both at home and abroad.
More Big Government in Your Life
Later this month, the Federal Communications Commission (FCC) is set to approve a rule that will regulate Internet Service Providers (ISPs) as a public utility under Title II of the Communications Act.
The lack of transparency by the FCC should be especially concerning to us all.
Quite frankly, I believe this is one of those situations where
the government wants a solution without a problem.
As a business owner that founded a tech company, I have seen firsthand how keeping the Internet largely free of government intervention has led to an explosion of investment and innovation.All of us can agree that a free and open internet is a good thing. But I want to make one thing clear,
332 pages of heavy-handed regulation is not the answer.
I have concerns that the FCCs actions will open the door to new taxes and fees that will be passed down to all consumers.
I encourage you to participate in the survey provided
here , and tell me your opinions on a 332 page document proposing to regulate the internet.
Texas is More than Ready
Its been six years since the application to build the Keystone XL Pipeline was first submitted to the U.S. State Department. I have said time and time again that building the Keystone XL Pipeline is
not only about jobs, but it is about lowering energy costs for Americans , as well as increasing our
energy independence.
This past Wednesday, the House passed,
S.1 , the Keystone XL Pipeline Approval Act, by a bipartisan vote of
270-152 . If the President is truly listening to American voters, then he will sign this legislation into law. If not, I will continue to work hard and pass legislation that promotes both job growth and energy independence.
Keeping Washington out of Your Healthcare Decisions
Every week, I hear stories about how the Presidents failed healthcare law hurts Texans. I hear about plans being dropped, increased deductibles and skyrocketing premiums.
Real healthcare reform would lower costs,
improve access, and raise the quality of healthcare. Real healthcare reform would place health care decisions in the hands of doctors and their patients, not unaccountable Washington bureaucrats.
Congress has a lot of work to do in fixing our healthcare system. It starts with repealing Obamacare. On February 3rd, with my support, the House passed
H.R. 596 , doing just that.
The President can threaten to veto actions taken by Congress all he wants, but the fact remains clear.
The voters sent a message to Washington during last Novembers election, making it clear that they are fed up with the Presidents failed policies .
Repealing Obamacare is a start. I look forward to finding solutions that eliminate the burdens placed on both individuals and businesses and enacting solutions that put s
more money in peoples pockets and giving them more healthcare choices.
Maintaining My Commitment to the I-69 Corridor
I re-launched the bi-partisan I-69 Caucus with Congressman Henry Cuellar (TX-28), Congressman Ed Whitfield (KY-01), Congressman Steve Cohen (TN-09), Congressman Larry Bucshon (IN-08), and Congressman Bennie Thompson (MS-02). Texas is the nations fastest growing economy, and because of this, we need the infrastructure to support it.
Not only will the I-69 corridor help move goods more efficiently through Texas, its designation as a national interstate will speed improvements and improve safety for those traveling along the corridor.
Additionally, I recently sent a letter to local city officials and leaders expressing my support for the proposed upgrade to State Highway 361 as part of the Unified Transportation Program.
I have urged our local leaders to contact the Texas Transportation Commission with their support for the project as well so that new lanes can be added to the highway to improve safety and connectivity to the road.
I have long been supportive of improving State Highway 361. I look forward to working with my colleagues at the federal, state, and local levels, as well as the Texas Department of Transportation to make sure this project gets approved.
Six Week Review
The start to the 114th Congress has been one of the strongest ever. I have been working hard the last 6 weeks in Washington to accomplish your priorities. So far there has been 42 good, common sense pieces of legislation passed by the House. This includes bills that create jobs, keep big government out of your life, and derail the Obama Administrations harmful agenda.
However, the work is not done.
I often hear about the negative impacts of the Presidents unconstitutional actions on immigration. I upheld my promise to reign in this lawlessness by supporting the Department of Homeland Security (DHS) funding bill that included language to defund the Presidents actions. On February 28, DHS funding expires.
In November, after the President announced his amnesty plan, there were 8 Democrat Senators including Joe Donnelly (D-IN), Joe Manchin (D-WV), Heidi Heitkamp (D-ND), Angus King (I-ME), Al Franken (D-MN), Mark Warner (D-VA), Claire McCaskill (D-MO), and Jon Tester (D-MT), who spoke against the use of executive action.
Now these 8 Senators are blocking a Senate vote on the House passed bill.
The Presidents actions are flat out unconstitutional, and need to be stopped. These Senators must stop playing politics and work to fund our nations security.
CONNECT
IN THE NEWS
Congress is stuck in the past, says congressman in DeLorean time machine
Washington Post
YODA law would ensure devices can be resold free of copyright
GigaOm
OVERNIGHT TECH: Congress takes on the FCC
The Hill
YODA Back, It Is: Law To Let You Actually Own Your Devices Even When Copyright Gets In The Way
Techdirt
SNAPSHOTS
2/12- Peewee's Pet Adoption World and Sanctuary in Corpus Christi celebrated the opening of their spay &amp; neuter animal hospital earlier this afternoon. My wife Debbie, is even a former Peewees board member. Way to go Ernie, Alan, Sheila and everyone else involved!
2/9- I had the opportunity meet with an Atlas Air crew. Atlas Air has the worlds largest fleet of 747 freighter aircraft that services the airline industry, freight-forwarding companies and U.S. Military customers. Part of their core business involves Air Force One training, military and commercial operations as well as making Texas one of their hubs! Thanks to everyone at Atlas Air for helping our country and communities reach new heights.
2/9-Texas A&amp;M AgriLife Extension Service held their 2015 Wharton County Roundup on Monday. Congratulations to all the winners, and good luck as you move on to the District and State Competitions.
2/7- I attended the 82nd Annual Back to Nature Awards Banquet being hosted by the Refugio County Chamber of Commerce at the Refugio County Community Center. Among those being recognized are high school seniors from Austin-Tivoli, Refugio and Woodsboro High Schools. Join me in congratulating this years award winners!
WEBSITE
|
UNSUBSCRIBE
|
CONTACT
Click Here Click Here