
If you are having trouble viewing this
message or would like to share it on a social network, you can
view the message online .
About
Contact
Services
Media
Center
Legislation
Issues
Resources
March 17, 2015
Dear
David,
Here is a brief update on my work on
behalf of Ventura County's veterans, local businesses, our ports and
harbors, and Naval Base Ventura County.
My number one
goal has always been to provide the highest level of constituent
services possible. If you need help with a federal agency, please do not
hesitate to contact my district office.
I hope that you will
reach out to me to express your views about legislation and issues
important to you. It is with your input that I can best advocate for our
community.
JULIA
BROWNLEY
Member of Congress
Table of Contents
Brownley Statement on Metrolink
Accident
House Passes
Brownley Amendment on Grade Crossing Safety
Brownley Authors Transportation and
Infrastructure Op-Ed
Brownley Highlights Port of Hueneme with House Transportation
and Infrastructure Committee Ranking Member
DeFazio
Brownley Helps Secure Overdue
VA Benefits for Local Veteran
Brownley Participates in Second Annual Valentines
for Vets
Brownley Speaks with Oxnard Kiwanis
Brownley Applauds Signing of Clay Hunt Suicide
Prevention for American Veterans Act
Brownley Meets with Ventura County CEO Mike
Powers
Brownley Meets
with California Flower
Growers
Brownley Statement on Metrolink
Accident
My thoughts and prayers go out to the passengers
and crew on the Metrolink train (VC Line 102) that was involved in a
collision in Oxnard. I have been in touch with federal, state, and
local agencies responsible for coordinating the accident investigation,
and I will continue to monitor the investigation closely. Clearly,
there are many unanswered questions that must be addressed, but one thing
is clear: we must improve safety at the intersection.
House Passes Brownley Amendment on Grade Crossing
Safety
In response to the Metrolink accident, I introduced
an amendment to the Passenger Rail Reform and Investment Act of 2015
(H.R. 749) that would require states to develop rail-highway grade
crossing safety plans, which the House approved. It is critically
important for Congress to ensure that federal dollars for passenger rail
infrastructure improvements are used wisely. We must also ensure that
federal funds are prioritized to address safety improvements at the most
dangerous crossings and crossings that have experienced multiple
accidents, like the Rice Avenue crossing in Oxnard.
Brownley Authors Transportation and Infrastructure Op-Ed
with Ranking Member DeFazio
I authored an op-ed in
the Ventura County Star along with House Transportation and
Infrastructure Committee Ranking Member Peter DeFazio explaining how we are
fighting to improve transportation infrastructure in our community and
across the nation. We need to see investments in infrastructure for what
they are: investments in our future, investments in our safety and
investments in our nation's economic prosperity. Click below to read the
full story:
Brownley Highlights Port of
Hueneme with House Transportation and Infrastructure Committee Ranking
Member DeFazio
House Transportation and
Infrastructure Committee Ranking Member Peter DeFazio joined me on a tour of the
Port of Hueneme to discuss the port's vital importance to Ventura
County's economy. Afterwards, Ranking Member DeFazio and I hosted a
roundtable discussion with port commissioners, local elected officials, and
community stakeholders at which we discussed our community's unique
transportation infrastructure needs. I want to thank CEO and Port
Director Kristin Decas, VCTC Executive Director Darren Kettle, and Ventura
County Airports Director Todd McNamee for their presentations at the
event. I look forward to continuing to work together to improve Ventura
County's transportation future.
Brownley highlights the importance of the Port of
Hueneme to the regional economy while on a tour with House Transportation
and Infrastructure Ranking Member Peter DeFazio
(D-Ore).
Brownley Helps Secure Overdue VA Benefits for
Local Veteran
I was pleased to meet with Christine
Fuller of Ventura, who had contacted my office in November of 2013 for
help with her VA claim, which had initially been denied. My office was
able to expedite her reopened claim so that she could get the proper
service-connected disability rating, along with the benefits she so
honorably earned and deserves. Christine said that without my offices
intervention, she knows her claim would not have received the attention
and results that it did. If you or a family member needs help with a
VA claim, please reach out to my office. We're here to
help!
Brownley meets
Christine Fuller and discusses how her office can be a resource for
Ventura County veterans needing assistance with their VA
claims.
Brownley Participates in Second Annual
Valentines for Vets
I was pleased to host the annual
Valentines for Vets event with students at Red Oak Elementary School in
Oak Park. I spoke with students about the program as they crafted
valentines for Ventura County's veterans. I was especially delighted to
see the schoolchildren's enthusiasm for celebrating our nation's
heroes.
Brownley talks about how she is advocating for veterans while the students
at Red Oak Elementary School make Valentines for
Vets.
Brownley Speaks with Oxnard
Kiwanis
I had the privilege to speak at the Kiwanis of Oxnards 68th
Anniversary Luncheon, where I discussed the importance of community and
public service. For several decades, the Kiwanis of Oxnard have served our
community through an array of projects that have had a lasting impact
on our region as a whole. The Kiwanis of Oxnard exemplify the global
organization of volunteers mission and are all dedicated to
improving the world, one child and one community at a time.
Brownley speaks at the
Kiwanis of Oxnards 68th Anniversary Luncheon about education and community
service.
Brownley Applauds Signing of
Clay Hunt Suicide Prevention for American Veterans
Act
My colleagues and I attended the White House signing ceremony for
the Clay Hunt Suicide Prevention for American Veterans Act, which
passed the Senate and House with overwhelming bipartisan support. Far too
many veterans take their own lives. The Clay Hunt Suicide Prevention
for American Veterans Act will improve VA mental health programs and
help stop these preventable tragedies. As Ranking Member of the House
Veterans Affairs Subcommittee on Health, improving access to
high-quality mental health services is one of my highest priorities.
Brownley took this photo when
she attended of the White House signing ceremony for the Clay Hunt
Suicide Prevention for American Veterans
Act.
Brownley Meets
with Ventura County CEO Mike Powers
I was pleased
to meet with Mike Powers, County Executive Officer for Ventura County.
In this role, Mike is responsible for overseeing and supporting all
major functions of the county including budget, legislation, and human
resources. Our meeting was a great opportunity to discuss the countys
federal priorities, as well as how our offices can work together on
the issues important to Ventura County and its residents.
Brownley meets with Ventura
County CEO Mike Powers to discuss federal legislation important to the
county.
Brownley Meets with
California Flower Growers
Did you know that California
produces 77 percent of American-grown flowers? Recently, I met with
California flower growers and florists to discuss how U.S. flowers help create
jobs and strengthen the economy. I was also happy to meet with local
flower growers from our community, Tony Ortiz and Lane
DeVries.
Brownley meets
with California flower growers to discuss the importance of flower
growers and florists to the regional and national
economy.
E-mail Updates
Yes, please periodically send me e-mail
updates.*
*By subscribing
to my
e-mail updates, you are authorizing me to send regular
e-mail updates from my office to your e-mail account.
Tell a Friend
E-mail:
Share on Facebook Share on LinkedIn Share
on Twitter
Washington D.C.
Office
1019 Longworth HOB
Washington, DC 20515
Phone: 2022255811
Fax:
2022251100
Hours: Mon.-Fri. 9:00am-6:00pm
Eastern
Oxnard, CA Office
300 E.
Esplanade Drive, Suite 470
Oxnard, CA
93036
Phone: 8053791779
Fax: 8053791799
Hours: Mon.-Thurs.
9:00am-5:30pm Pacific
Fri. 9:00am-5:00pm
Pacific
Thousand Oaks, CA Office
223 E. Thousand Oaks Blvd., Suite 411
Thousand Oaks, CA 91360
Phone Number:
8053791779
Fax: 8053791799
Hours: Mon.-Thurs. 9:00am-5:30pm Pacific
Fri. 9:00am-5:00pm Pacific
Unsubscribe
|
Update My Profile
|
Privacy Policy
gateway mail end
