
If you are having trouble viewing
this message or would like to share it on a social network, you can
view the message
online .
Home
Contact Me
About
Services
News
Issues
March 08, 2015
Dear
David,
Hearing leaders from around the globe share
their perspectives is helpful in developing an effective foreign
policy. This week, Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu addressed a
joint meeting of Congress to give his thoughts on the dangers that a
nuclear Iran presents to Israel, the Middle East, and the world. He
certainly spoke with moral clarity on the issue. This is the third time he
has addressed Congress -- only Winston Churchill has spoken to
Congress that many times.
Also, February 28 was Rare Disease Day
where people around the country wore 'rare' clothing to recognize the
challenges that 30 million Americans with a rare disease face. A rare
disease is any affliction that affects less than 200,000 people. My
piece of rare clothing was a tie made by Themis, who came to my office
with a group of Minnesotans who have been impacted by rare diseases. See
my photo with Themis' tie and
read my blog post on
Rare Disease Day here .
I want to thank everyone who
joined my recent telphone town hall meeting. I appreciate your thoughts,
questions, and ideas. Please feel free to share your input and advice
by calling my office or sending me an
email through
my website . During the call, I asked the question, "Should
Congress and the President pass a budget that balances?" The poll results are
below:
As always, if I can be
of assistance to you or your family, dont hesitate to give me a call. Join
the conversation online by visiting my
website ,
Facebook page ,
Twitter ,
and don't forget to watch my weekly video,
Erik's
Correspondence Corner .
Sincerely,
Erik
Paulsen
Member of Congress
Helping Families Save for
College
The cost of college continues to rise and its
squeezing the budgets of millions of hardworking families. And, if you
work hard to save for your children's college education, you should be
able to count on that money being there down the road without any
delays or penalties. Recently, the House passed a bipartisan initiative
which I coauthored that strengthens and expands popular college savings
plans so families have more tools for their children to pursue higher
education.
The bill, H.R. 529, eliminates unnecessary
paperwork that is time consuming and also expands the benefits offered by
college savings plans to include coverage of expenses like computers and
internet access. There are now over 12 million 529 college savings
accounts across the country.
Protecting
and Strengthening Medicare
Millions of Americans have paid
into Medicare, and they expect that the program will be there when they
need it. One of the best ways to make sure Medicare is there for them
is by eliminating waste, fraud, and abuse from the program. Every
dollar that is stolen or wasted is a dollar that isn't going to our
seniors. The House Ways and Means Committee, a panel I serve on, passed
bipartisan legislation to strengthen Medicare by making commonsense
changes to reduce the risk of errors in payments. It also removes social
security numbers from Medicare cards to help prevent millions of dollars
from being stolen by identity thieves ever year.
Another
highlight for me this week was receiving recognition for my
work to protect Medicare -- the Minnesota Rural Health Association,
Vietnameese Social Services of Minnesota, and the Epilepsy Foundation of
Minnesota presented me with an award for my work championing patient
access to Medicare.
Holding the VA
Accountable
The men and women who sign up to serve our country
deserve our appreciation and respect. We have an obligation to keep the
promises that were made for them after they leave the military. This
week, the House passed legislation I supported to ensure that VA
officials who were part of falsifying documents would not be able to
receive performance bonuses. With the most recent VA scandals, it's
important that Washington addresses the lack of timely care that our veterans
are encountering. While a number of employees at the VA do a great
job, those responsible for mismanagement should not be
rewarded.
Erik sporting his 'rare' tie in support of Rare
Disease Day on February
28.
Congressman Paulsen meets with
representatives of the
VFW.
Erik receives an award from
Minnesota health groups for championing patient access to
Medicare.
###
Unsubscribe
|
Update
My Profile
|
Privacy Policy
