
If you are having trouble viewing this message or
would like to share it on a social network, you can
view the message online .
Home
About Deb
Constituent Services
News Room
Priorities
Contact Deb
February 26, 2015
Dear
Friends,
Last week, the Senate
had its state work period and I was delighted to be home in Nebraska.
As I travelled the state, I had the opportunity to visit with many
Nebraskans and hear your thoughts on a variety of different
issues.
Nebraskans are engaged in many of the serious issues facing our nation.
From ensuring quality health care for our veterans to improving
transportation, our citizens want to see meaningful change in a number of
areas.
Im looking forward to sharing the feedback I received from you
with my colleagues
whether its in committee hearings, on the Senate
floor, or at the leadership table. By working together, we can unite
to advance common-sense solutions that will have a positive impact
across Nebraska and our country. Each and every day I am honored to
represent Nebraska in the U.S. Senate, and I hope you will continue to keep
me informed of the issues that matter to you.
KETV
INTERVIEW
I sat down with
KETV anchor Rob McCartney this month for a one-on-one interview that
aired on the February 22 edition of The Chronicle. I discussed a wide
variety of topics, including the threat of ISIL, harmful EPA
regulations, and my new subcommittee chairmanships in the 114th Congress. Watch
the full video
here .
E-mail Updates
Yes, please
periodically send me e-mail updates.*
*By subscribing to my
e-mail updates, you are authorizing me to
send regular e-mail updates from my office to your e-mail
account.
FIGHTING FOR YOU
ON THE ISSUES THAT MATTER
Balancing the
Budget
Our national debt has been out of control for
years and now stands at over $18 trillion. But as millions of families
are sacrificing to make ends meet, our government has had little
incentive to do the same. Thats why I am proud to once again support a
balanced-budget amendment to the Constitution. This common-sense amendment
will help future generations enjoy the blessings of prosperity rather
than suffocate under the wasteful plundering of our resources.
Click here
to read
more.
CoOportunity Health Collapse
Due to the failure of
CoOportunity Health, thousands ofNebraskans are now forced to decide
whether to give up the health care that they chose or lose the subsidies
they were promised. This month, I joined Iowa Senators Chuck Grassley
and Joni Ernst to send a letter pressing CMS, the federal agency in
charge of health care co-ops, for answers on helping those affected by
CoOportunitys collapse.
Click
here
to read more.
Keep Goods
Moving
Our nations ports play a vital role in the growth of Nebraskas
economy. As Chairman of the Surface Transportation Subcommittee, I held a
hearing this month examining the role of ports in our nations
transportation network, particularly as it relates to port infrastructure and
efficiency. The hearing also highlighted the effect of service
disruptions happening at West Coast ports. These delays have already affected
imports and exports to and from Nebraska.
Click here
to learn more and watch the
hearing.
Bipartisan Sportsmens Act
Hunting and fishing are a
way of life in Nebraska and part of our rich heritage. This month, I
was proud to help introduce The Bipartisan Sportsmens Act
a bill
that would enhance recreational opportunities in Nebraska and across the
country. The legislation would prevent anti-hunting groups from
restricting sportsmens ammunition choices. Such unnecessary
constraints are driving up hunting costs, impeding participation in shooting
sports, and decreasing conservation funding.
Click here
to watch a video of my floor speech on the
bill.
IN CASE
YOU MISSED IT
SENATOR FISCHER IN THE
NEWS
Fischer on Presidents budget: it spends and
taxes too much
Nebraska Radio
Network
If 10 years down the road we can get a budget that balances; that is
what I hear from Nebraskans. Ive heard it the last three years:
cut back on the spending and live within your means, Fischer tells
Nebraska reporters in a conference call. We do that as families and we
need to do that as a country.
Fischer
challenges federal agency on CoOportunity
Lincoln
Journal Star
In a letter to Marilyn Tavenner, administrator
of the federal Centers for Medicare and Medicaid Services, Fischer
joined U.S. Sens. Chuck Grassley and Joni Ernst of Iowa in calling
attention to CMS's failure to support it and its customers in its
distress.
Fischer asks: What's the end
game?
Lincoln Journal Star
"It is very important
we have an end game," Fischer said. "We have not heard any strategy
from the president.""Are we going to be confronting Iran and deal with
their growing belligerence and growing ambitions in the region?" Fischer
asked. "Those multi-layered (concerns) need to be addressed in a way
that the American people understand what's involved," she
said.
Deb Fischer seeks changes in way student loan
cost gets calculated
Omaha World
Herald
Last week, Sen. Deb Fischer, R-Neb., renewed her push to move to a
fair-value accounting system, saying that is a more honest approach and
one that is particularly needed in light of the nations mounting
debt. It will also ensure that the risks to taxpayers are properly and
accurately evaluated in order to prevent shortfalls, Fischer said in a
statement.
Fischer says immigration ruling
could be game-changer
Lincoln Journal
Star
Sen. Deb Fischer said Wednesday the ruling of a federal judge
in Texas temporarily blocking President Barack Obama's executive
actions on immigration could be "a game-changer" in helping ease a standoff
with Congress.
Nebraska Sen. Deb Fischer
says U.S. must stand against Islamic State
Omaha
World Herald
This isnt a regional problem, she said
during an interview in Omaha. It is our fight. The administration needs
to come to Congress and lay out an end-game strategy and what it
needs, Fischer said.
World-Herald editorial:
Ports deal needs OK
Editorial - Omaha World
Herald
In a congressional subcommittee hearing she chaired this
month, U.S. Sen. Deb Fischer, R-Nebraska, heard representatives from
ConAgra, Cargill and BNSF Railway describe the supply upheavals and
expected increases in costs.
PHOTOS OF THE MONTH
I had the pleasure of welcoming LEAD fellows to Capitol Hill this
month. As an alumna of this important program, I was thrilled to see
LEAD Class 34 continue the strong legacy of Nebraskas agricultural
leaders.
It was great to visit with Wayne State
College honor students who were in Washington for a political science
conference. These students have a bright future ahead of
them!
I also met with representatives from the Nebraska Corn
Growers Association in my Capitol Hill office.
I was honored to welcome members of the Nebraska American Legion to
Capitol Hill. I am thankful for these veterans faithful service to
our country and our state.
Over the state
work period, I visited Werner Trucking and presented a flag flown over
the Capitol to David Green
a military veteran and Werner truck
driver. David has earned a prestigious spot on the American Trucking
Associations 2015-2016 Americas Road Team.
In Omaha on February 19, I enjoyed a productive meeting
with a number of different Nebraska transportation
stakeholders.
During a visit to the Lincoln VA campus on
February 18, I met with staff and local representatives to discuss their
progress toward a new facility. Duncan Fallon, facility director of the
Lincoln VA Clinic, and Dr. Christie Emler, chief medical officer at the
Lincoln VA Clinic, were kind enough to lead me on an informative tour
of the facility.
Washington
D.C. Office
383 Russell Senate
Office
Building
Washington, DC 20510
Phone: (202)
2246551
Fax: (202) 2281325
Lincoln
Office
440 North 8th Street
Suite 120
Lincoln,
Nebraska 68508
Phone: (402) 4414600
Fax: (402) 4768753
Omaha
Office
11819 Miracle Hills Drive
Suite 205
Omaha, Nebraska
68154
Phone: (402) 3913411
Fax: (402) 3914725
Scottsbluff
Mailing
address:
PO Box 2264
Scottsbluff, NE 69363
(308)
6366344
Please do not
reply to this email. Responses sent to this email address will not be
received by a staff member of Senator Fischer.
If you wish to contact
Senator Fischers office, please use the online form on her website by
clicking
HERE
Unsubscribe
|
Update My Profile
|
Privacy Policy
