
Website
|
About
|
Contact Me
|
Serving You
|
Media Center
|
Legislative Work
|
Our District
|
Resources
March 15, 2015
The Scalise Capitol Report
Fighting for American Energy Opportunities
I recently joined members of the Louisiana Oil and Gas Association (LOGA) at their annual meeting to discuss upcoming opportunities to grow our economy and strengthen American energy security in spite of President Obama's anti-fossil-fuel agenda. With a Republican majority in the House and Senate, we have opportunities to pass legislation that will tap into our American energy potential. For example, the House Energy and Commerce Committee is currently drafting an energy bill that focuses on energy infrastructure, promoting American energy opportunities abroad, electric grid reliability and workforce development. Additionally, the House Natural Resources Committee will be drafting bills aimed at addressing the impact the Endangered Species Act has on oil and gas production. I shared with LOGA that I continue to demand that our federal regulators stop slow-walking permit approvals so that those hard-working taxpayers who produce American energy can still do their jobs and help us achieve energy independence!
I appreciate the work LOGA does to create good-paying jobs and to make America work.
Discussing opportunities for the American energy industry at LOGAs annual meeting
Blocking the ATF's Proposed Ammo Ban
The Bureau of Alcohol, Tobacco, Firearms and Explosives (ATF) has finally backed down by announcing that they will shelve their radical plan to ban ammunition rounds used in the AR-15 rifle, the most popular sporting rifle in the United States. This happened after the ATF received more than 80,000 comments in less than one month on their misguided proposal. Among the comments submitted was
a letter
Sen. David Vitter and I sent to the Director of the ATF recently, urging the Obama Administration to withdraw their reclassification of M855 ball ammunition as armor piercing ammunition. In the letter, we expressed our strong opposition to the proposed ban and urged the Administration to abandon their misguided effort. Hailed as a great victory for our Second Amendment rights, the reversal by President Obama and his liberal lieutenants at the ATF was a result of the strong urging by Congress and the American people to halt their attempt to infringe upon the hard-fought rights of Americans. Even though they finally backed down on this attempted ammo grab, we will continue keeping a close eye on the Obama Administration and their constant attempts to take away the Second Amendment rights of law-abiding citizens.
Fighting a Bad Deal with Iran
Iran has made it very clear over the years that they want to develop a nuclear weapons capability. The Obama Administration is currently involved in a multi-nation negotiation with Iran over their nuclear program as well as the sanctions Congress passed that successfully crippled Iran's economy and forced them to the table.
I remain very concerned, as the details of this deal are emerging, that it will not lead to a dismantling of Iran's nuclear weapons capabilities. A nuclear Iran not only threatens America's national security, but also threatens the security of our strong ally Israel and would likely kick off a nuclear arms race throughout the Middle East. Iran cannot be allowed to develop a nuclear weapon, and lawmakers on both sides of the aisle have serious concerns with Irans support for terrorism and their continued call for the annihilation of Israel. The House will continue to voice our strong concerns with the Administration that any agreement must prevent Iran from obtaining a nuclear weapon and result in the complete dismantling of their nuclear program. Additionally, any final deal must be passed by Congress, as the original sanctions were imposed by us with a strong, bipartisan vote.
Click on the photo above to watch my interview on WWLTV my take on the Administrations attempt to circumvent Congress
It is an honor to represent you in Congress. For more information please visit my
website ,
Twitter ,
Instagram , and
Facebook
pages.
God Bless,
Steve Scalise
House Majority Whip
WEBSITE
|
UNSUBSCRIBE
|
CONTACT
Washington DC Office
2338 Rayburn HOB
Washington, DC 20515
Phone: (202) 225-3015
Houma Office
8026 Main Street
Suite 700
Houma, LA 70360
Phone: (985) 879-2300
Metairie Office
110 Veterans Boulevard
Suite 500
Metairie, LA 70005
Phone: (504) 837-1259
Mandeville Office
21454 Koop Drive
Suite 1E
Mandeville, LA 70471
Phone: (985) 893-9064
Hammond Office
1514 Martens Drive
Suite 10
Hammond, LA 70401
Phone: (985) 340-2185
Click Here Click Here