
Official Site
Constituent Services
News
Contact
U.S. Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell&rsquo;s eNewsletter - - Week of February 23, 2015
President Vetoes Bipartisan Infrastructure Jobs Bill; Senate Will Vote to Override Veto Next Week
On Tuesday, the 114th Congress sent the bipartisan Keystone XL infrastructure jobs bill to the President.
In a joint op-ed for
USA Today
newspapers , Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell and Speaker of the House John Boehner wrote that the President has no good reason to veto this bipartisan jobs bill.
Unfortunately, the President vetoed the bipartisan bill on the day he received it. Following the President&rsquo;s veto, Senator McConnell said, &ldquo;It&rsquo;s extremely disappointing that President Obama vetoed a bipartisan bill that would support thousands of good jobs and pump billions of dollars into the economy. It passed both houses of Congress with strong bipartisan support and it&rsquo;s a priority for organized labor as well&hellip;Americans should know that the new Congress won&rsquo;t stop pursuing good ideas, including this one.&rdquo;
On Tuesday, the bipartisan Keystone XL infrastructure jobs bill (S. 1) was sent to the President and he vetoed the bill the same day.
This week, Senator McConnell and Senate GOP Leaders hosted a media stakeout in the U.S. Capitol and spoke about their support for the bipartisan Keystone bill and the energy and the jobs that would come with its approval.
Coming up:
The United States Senate will soon vote to override the President&rsquo;s veto of the bipartisan Keystone XL jobs bill. Follow Senator McConnell's press offices on Twitter at
@McConnellPress
and
@SenateMajLeader
to stay up to date on the latest on what is happening with the bill.
Senator McConnell Condemns the Administration&rsquo;s Move to Put Internet Under Control of Federal Bureaucrats
On Thursday, Senator McConnell spoke on the Senate Floor condemning the Obama Administration&rsquo;s &lsquo;Net Neutrality&rsquo; rule, saying the proposal, &ldquo;would strike a blow to the future of innovation in our country&hellip;The Obama Administration needs to get beyond its 1930s rotary-telephone mindset and embrace the future. That means encouraging innovation, not suffocating it under the weight of an outdated bureaucracy and poorly named regulations like this one.&rdquo;
Click the image below to view the Senator&rsquo;s floor remarks.
Senators McConnell and Paul Address the Kentucky Farm Bureau in Washington, D.C.
On Tuesday, Senators Mitch McConnell and Rand Paul met with Kentucky Farm Bureau (KYFB) members from across the Commonwealth during their visit to Washington, D.C. During their meeting at the U.S. Capitol, Senator McConnell discussed with KYFB members issues of importance to Kentucky farmers and talked about Kentucky&rsquo;s agriculture priorities.
Senators McConnell and Paul welcomed more than 200 Kentuckians to Washington, D.C.
Senators McConnell and Paul during the questions and answers session with the Kentucky Farm Bureau members.
The Bouldin Family of Bowling Green, Kentucky visits with Senator McConnell following the KYFB meeting.
The Kentucky Chamber of Commerce Salutes Majority Leader Mitch McConnell
Photo credit: Kentucky Chamber of Commerce
On Tuesday, the Kentucky Chamber of Commerce hosted an event in Washington, D.C. honoring Senator McConnell in his new role as the United States Senate Majority Leader. Senator McConnell is only the second Kentuckian to lead his party in the U.S. Senate. The other Senator from Kentucky to serve as his party&rsquo;s leader was Alben Barkley, who led the Democrats from 1937 to 1949.
More than 200 Kentuckians attended the event as Senator McConnell was recognized by the Kentucky Chamber of Commerce for his professional and historic accomplishments for the Commonwealth.
The following delivered remarks during the event celebrating Senator McConnell&rsquo;s leadership and what it means for our state:
Kentucky Chamber Board Chairman, Wil James, Jr., President, Toyota Motor Manufacturing Kentucky Kentucky Chamber President &amp; CEO, Dave Adkisson Kentucky Senate President Robert Stivers U.S. Representative Hal Rogers U.S. Senator Rand Paul
Senator McConnell and Kentucky Chamber Board Chairman, Wil James, Jr. Photo credit: Kentucky Chamber of Commerce
Welcome to Washington, D.C.
On Monday, Senator McConnell welcomed to his office in the U.S. Capitol Kentuckians with the Disabled American Veterans (DAV).
On Tuesday, Senator McConnell introduced Jeffery Hall of Louisville, Kentucky to the U.S. Senate Committee on Agriculture, Nutrition, and Forestry. Senator McConnell is a senior member of the committee and spoke in support of Hall&rsquo;s nomination to serve as a board member for the Farm Credit Administration (FCA).
Senator McConnell delivers remarks during the Agriculture Committee hearing. Photo credit: Senate Agriculture Committee
FCA nominee, Jeffery Hall, and family visit Senator McConnell&rsquo;s office.
On Wednesday, Senator McConnell enjoyed meeting with members of the Kentucky Broadcasters Association in his office in the U.S. Capitol.
Also on Wednesday, Senator McConnell welcomed to his office, the Report to the Nation delegates for the Boy Scouts of America as they hand delivered the organization&rsquo;s annual record of their achievements.
Visiting our Nation's Capital
If you&rsquo;re planning a trip to Washington, D.C., please check out Senator McConnell's
website
and visit his office while you are in town. Every week, Senator McConnell welcomes to his office in the U.S. Capitol many Kentuckians from across the Commonwealth to discuss issues of importance to Kentucky. Also, the Senator&rsquo;s office has information on tours, places to visit and local restaurants to help make your trip to the nation&rsquo;s capital one to remember.
Keeping Up With Senator McConnell
Keep up with the latest news and alerts from our nation&rsquo;s capital as well as updates on things happening back home in Kentucky by becoming a fan of Senator McConnell&rsquo;s
Facebook
page, and get the latest news from Senator McConnell&rsquo;s press office on Twitter at
@McConnellPress . Senator McConnell is also on Instagram - Follow him at
@McConnellPress .
Get this newsletter delivered to your inbox by signing up
HERE
Official Site
|
Privacy Policy
|
Unsubscribe
