
If you are having trouble viewing this message or would like to share
it on a social network, you can
view the message online .
HOME
ABOUT
SERVICES
ISSUES &amp; LEGISLATION
MEDIA CENTER
DISTRICT
CONTACT
Dear
friend,
Every March we come together as a nation to celebrate Womens History
Month
a time to honor the women in our lives personally and in our
history nationally.
This year in particular, Womens History Month
encourages this reflection with the theme of Weaving the Stories of
Womens Lives,
and as youll see at the end of this email, theres a
way for you to highlight the story of a young woman in South Florida
who is making a
difference.
Like many places in the world, there are far too many instances in our
nations history where the stories and contributions of women have
been ignored, minimized, or altogether deleted.
From Elizabeth Cady
Stanton being told men should represent women at the polls, to the
experiences of Sojourner Truth being discounted because she didnt sound
or look like the right kind of woman, to American history textbooks
failing to recognize the role of women in World War II.
This type of silencing and erasure
served to marginalize women and their stories as well as undermine the
magnitude of womens contributions to our nation.
That is why
national moments in time like Womens History Month are such important
opportunities to not only right this wrong, but commit to always giving
the perspectives of women the attention they
deserve.
Perhaps the most significant outcome of
ensuring that womens lives and stories are included as an essential part
of the American narrative is the impact this type of elevation can have
on young women and girls.
I know how powerful this can be
first-hand.
When I was 25-years-old and made the decision, against
the recommendation of most, to run for office in the Florida House of
Representatives, I found strength in the successes of the women who came
before me.
The perseverance and tenacity of women like Abigail
Adams who spent her life ensuring male politicians would remember the
ladies and Miamis own Gloria Estefan, the daughter of immigrants
who became one of the worlds best-selling artists of all time, inspired
me to push forward as I knocked on all 25,000 doors in the District
that summer.
And just as inspirational were the womens stories I
learned along the way.
Behind many doors in South Florida I
found older, more established women eager to tell me their tales of
struggle and triumph
Jewish grandmas who saw their daughters and
granddaughters in me, for example.
Those stories and the support they
provided were my lifeline and reassured me that I could in fact achieve
my dream of making a difference in my
community.
We stand on the shoulders of the women that came
before us and without being taught about those women, we have nothing to
stand on.
Our daughters must know that their experiences and
contributions matter.
That is why this March I am asking
principals, school guidance counselors, and other youth leaders to
nominate a girl from Floridas 23rd District for the first annual Make Your
Mark award to recognize and honor the girls in our
community.
I am thrilled to encourage nominations throughout the month of March
and looking forward to eventually visiting the school of the winner
in April.
To learn more about this award and nomination process,
contact Michael Liquerman in my Pembroke Pines office at
954-437-3936.
Womens lives are important.
Womens contributions are powerful.
Womens stories deserve an
audience.
This March I join South Florida and communities across the
nation in celebrating the women of the United States, and I wish you
all a joyous Womens History Month.
Sincerely,
Debbie
Washington DC
118
Cannon H.O.B
Washington, DC 20515
Phone: 202-225-7931
Fax: 202-226-2052
Pembroke Pines Office
10100 Pines
Blvd.
Pembroke Pines, FL 33026
Phone:
954-437-3936
Fax: 954-437-4776
Aventura Office
19200 West Country Club
Drive
Aventura, FL 33180
Phone:
305-936-5724
Fax: 305-932-9664
Update My Profile
-
Unsubscribe
-
Privacy Policy
