
STAY CONNECTED
EMAIL LORETTA
SUBSCRIBE
Dear Friend &ndash;
Our veterans have made tremendous sacrifices in order to serve our country, yet many face chronic homelessness.
I&rsquo;d like to share an article with you that appeared in this month&rsquo;s Apartment Association of Orange County&rsquo;s magazine about just how important finding housing is for veterans.
I hope you&rsquo;ll read it and help spread awareness about this important issue.
----
Property owners and managers are needed to house OC veterans
By Karen Roper, Director of the Orange County Housing and Community Services Department and Executive Director of OC&rsquo;s Commission to End Homelessness
There are at least 446 veterans who are homeless on any given night in Orange County according to the 2013 Orange County &ldquo;Point in Time Homeless Count&rdquo;. In addition, to this number, there are more than 2,000 veterans with incomes below 50% of the County&rsquo;s median income applied on the Orange County Housing Authority waiting list for housing assistance during a two-week period in February 2012.
This demonstrates the immediate needs of local veterans for basic shelter and for long term decent, safe and affordable housing.
The 2013 Annual Homeless Assessment Report (AHAR) to Congress stated that many homeless veterans need supportive services and case management to successfully transition from homelessness to permanent housing.
In addition, these veterans typically do not have the financial resources to pay rent. They may also face barriers such as poor credit, prior evictions or lack of funds for a security deposit or other move-in expenses.
To help address the needs of homeless veterans, the Orange County Housing Authority (OCHA) has applied for and received HUD Veterans Affairs Supportive Housing (VASH) vouchers.
These Vouchers are reserved exclusively for homeless U.S. Veterans receiving services from the Veterans Affairs (VA) Medical Center in Long Beach. VASH veterans receive extensive case management from the VA and also receive support from the Orange County Veterans Service Office, in combination with housing assistance provided by OCHA. This collaboration has proven successful in housing over 400 VASH veterans since the first allocation of 70 VASH Vouchers was awarded in 2009. OCHA recently received its 6 th
annual VASH Voucher award and can now assist up to a total of 580 homeless veterans.
Approximately 70% of the currently assisted VASH veterans are single persons and the remaining 30% are families.
Veterans who receive a VASH Voucher are able to shop for a rental unit of their choice and pay approximately 30% of their household income for their share of rent.
OCHA pays the balance of rent directly to participating property owners and managers. In addition to providing monthly housing assistance payments, OCHA has also secured other funding to help eligible VASH veterans with move-in costs such as security deposits.
In addition to VASH veterans, OCHA is also issuing regular Housing Choice Vouchers to other Veterans who received priority placement on the Housing Choice Voucher Program waiting list.
As a result, there are a record number of veterans with Housing Vouchers currently seeking rentals at this time and OCHA is reaching out to rental property owners and managers who can help our veterans find housing in Orange County.
Those who are interested can list available rental units at no cost on OCHA&rsquo;s referral listings by calling: 714/480-2866 or visiting OCHA&rsquo;s website at
OChousing.org .
In addition to the OCHA programs, the VA has a program called Supportive Services for Veteran Families (SSVF) which is administered by various service providers in Orange County.
SSVF is a housing-stability program, primarily designed to help homeless Veterans and their households.
Services may include payment of the move-in deposit and for non-VASH Veterans or payment of their rent for a short period of time.
Additionally, for Veteran households who are behind in their rent, SSVF can, in some cases assist Veterans with their arrears. For more information on SSVF, contact Phil Bowers at: 714/615-2279.
-----
Very truly yours,
Loretta Sanchez
Member of Congress
OFFICE LOCATIONS
WASHINGTON DC OFFICE
1211 Longworth HOB
Washington DC 20515
Phone: (202) 225-2965
Fax: (202) 225-1859
DISTRICT OFFICE
12397 Lewis Street, Suite 101
Garden Grove, CA 92840
Phone: (714) 621-0102
Fax: (714) 621-0401
Privacy Policy
|
Unsubscribe
