
Can't see the pictures? Select "Always display images" or
view this message in your browser .
#DontShutDownOurSecurity
#DontShutDownOurSecurity
As House Republicans do their best to shift blame for their dangerous internal chaos, the clock is ticking down once again with funding for the Department of Homeland Security set to expire on Friday.
Last week, House Democrats showed their unity in demonstrating that the Department of Homeland Security must be fully funded.
Every House Democrat is cosponsoring clean, long-term funding legislation that overwhelmingly passed the Senate, and it is clear this crisis only exists because anti-immigrant extremists are being prioritized over the safety of the American people.
If the Department of Homeland Security is forced to shut down on Friday:
Approximately
30,000 men and women
of the Department must be furloughed and sent home without pay.
Nearly
170,000 employees
- border patrol, coast guard, and secretive service law enforcement agents - will be required to work, but will not get paid for that work during the period of a shutdown.
$600 million
in Urban Area Security Initiative Grants
essential funding that supports the preparedness of nearly 40 high-threat communities across the country, including San Francisco
will be blocked.
Its time to strengthen our homeland, protect the American people, and pass clean, long-term funding for the Department of Homeland Security immediately.
For Americas Daughters
Womens History Month
in March marks a time for us to remember the sacrifices of bold women who contributed to the founding of our nation, created our flag, healed our wounded, labored in fields and factories, fought for and won the right to vote, served our country in uniform and continue to improve our nation.
When
women succeed, America succeeds , which is why
we will continue to fight
for our economic agenda for women and working families: equal pay for equal work, affordable child care, bigger paychecks and better infrastructure for the American people to provide for their families and strengthen our nation.
Throughout this month, we salute the contributions of extraordinary women and ensure the equality of opportunity needed to help Americas daughters thrive.
Please feel free to
forward this information to your family and friends . To learn more about these efforts, to express your views, or to sign up for email updates,
please visit my website . I am also on
Twitter at http://twitter.com/NancyPelosi .
best regards,
This mailing was prepared, published and mailed at taxpayer expense
Unsubscribe
WASHINGTON, DC
235 Cannon HOB
Washington, D.C. 20515
Phone: (202) 225-4965
Map it!
DISTRICT OFFICE
90 7th Street, Suite 2-800
San Francisco, CA 94103
Phone: (415) 556-4862
Map it!
