
Can't see the pictures? Select "Always display images" or
view this message in your browser .
February 19, 2015
Upcoming Events
Government in the Grocery
Description
Provides constituents with an easy and convenient way to meet and connect with Ed and his staff about issues, concerns, and needs.
Time &amp; Date
Saturday, February 21, 10am to noon
Location/How
Natural Grocers (Vitamin Cottage) 7745 Wadsworth Blvd. - Arvada, CO |
MAP
Telephone Town Hall
Description
A telephone town hall is a live conference call you can participate in from your own home. Ed invites you and your neighbors to participate in a live town hall to discuss important issues such as the economy, job and wage growth, and other issues important to Coloradans.
Time &amp; Date
Wednesday, March 11,
7 to 8pm
Location/How
Click here to sign up
and you will receive a call when the town hall is starting.
Twitter Town Hall
Description
Sometimes an hour is just not enough time to answer everyone&rsquo;s questions.
Join Ed for more Q&amp;A on Twitter immediately following the telephone town hall.
Time &amp; Date
Wednesday, March 11,
8 to 8:30pm
Location/How
Tweet
@RepPerlmutter
to follow up on questions from the telephone town hall or ask new questions.
Senior Resource Fair
Description
Ed is hosting a Senior Resource Fair to provide information about Medicare, senior fraud protection, mental wellbeing, healthy living, and more.
Time &amp; Date
Friday, March 13, 10am to Noon
Location/How
Thornton Rec Center- 11151 Colorado Blvd - Thornton, CO 80233 |
MAP
SURVEY QUESTIONS: Authorization of Military Force &amp; DHS Funding
Last week, President Obama submitted a draft proposal to Congress that would authorize the continued use of limited military force against ISIL.
Do you support the authorization of use of military force (AUMF) against ISIL?
If you are having trouble viewing or completing this survey, click here.
Yes
No
Not Sure
In November 2014, President Obama announced executive action to address our nation&rsquo;s broken immigration system by keeping families together and focusing on deporting criminals.
To try and limit Obama&rsquo;s ability to implement the executive action, House Republicans only funded the Department of Homeland Security (DHS) through February 27, 2015.
The deadline to fund the department is fast approaching.
What do you think Congress should do?
Pass a clean bill to fund DHS through FY 15
Not vote to fund DHS which will lead to a partial government shutdown
*By clicking submit, you are agreeing to receive periodic updates from my office.
ICYMI: Denver Post - Gardner, Perlmutter Land Posts with Sway on Colorado Space Business
I&rsquo;m pleased to announce I will join the House Committee on Science, Space, and Technology in the 114th Congress. As part of my assignment, I will be serving on the Space and Energy subcommittees. Colorado is leading the nation&rsquo;s efforts in energy research, developing cutting edge technologies, and the space program. Having a member from the &lrm;Colorado delegation on the committee will benefit the state&rsquo;s aerospace economy and help advance important projects.
The Denver Post highlighted my new committee assignment over the weekend (full article below).
Earlier this week, I met with my newly-formed Science, Space and Technology Advisory Committee to learn about current projects they are working on and how I can leverage my role on the committee to help these industries across Colorado.
Denver Post: Gardner, Perlmutter land posts with sway on Colorado space business
By Laura Keeney
February 15, 2015
The appointments of U.S. Rep. Ed Perlmutter and U.S. Sen. Cory Gardner to key congressional committees overseeing national space policy and science exploration could help propel Colorado to the top of the aerospace heap.
"We now have stability in Congress to make sure dollars and projects underway in Colorado don't get curtailed," said Metro Denver Economic Development Corp. CEO Tom Clark. "This is significant momentum to us in terms of moving that Colorado brand forward &mdash; we don't have to spend so much time looking over our shoulders."
Perlmutter's appointment to the
House Committee on Science, Space and Technology
is mirrored in the Senate, where Gardner will serve on the
Senate Subcommittee on Space, Science and Competitiveness .
These posts give Colorado a visible seat at the national aerospace and science table for the first time since 2009, when Mark Udall, who served on the House committee, was elected to the Senate.
Gardner and Perlmutter say they have goals &mdash; big ones &mdash; for the coming year. At their core is the Colorado-centric Orion mission, which is integral to NASA's ambitious plan to send humans to Mars by 2030.
Orion, designed and built by Littleton-based Lockheed Martin Space Systems, almost fell victim to budget cuts in 2010. Budgetary constraints will keep Orion from heading to space until 2018. The spacecraft's first crewed mission is not scheduled until 2021.
"We all have to be in this for the long haul, so if I can shrink some of these time periods for Orion, I will," said Perlmutter, a Democrat from Jefferson County. "President Kennedy said we're going to the moon, telling us it was all hands on deck, and they did it. So what kind of effort would be required to get this thing moving and focused, knowing full well they were pretty much on their last legs a few years ago?"
Gardner, a Republican from northeastern Colorado, agreed, saying he will "lean heavily" on NASA and others to make sure the mission stays on task and on target.
"Delays create questions on future funding," he said. "We have to make sure that we are always looking forward."
Colorado currently ranks No. 1 in the nation for private aerospace employment as a percentage of total employment, according to data from the Metro Denver Economic Development Corp.
The state is home to aerospace behemoths like Lockheed Martin Space Systems, Ball Aerospace, Sierra Nevada Space Systems, United Launch Alliance and DigitalGlobe, and many research institutes in the state were involved with some of 2014's biggest space stories, including
NASA's Mars MAVEN mission
and the
European Space Agency's Rosetta comet landing mission .
Yet, despite these high-profile missions, Colorado isn't necessarily what first comes to mind with the mention of aerospace. Gardner hopes to change that and make Colorado "first in space," both in perception and reality.
"One of the most amazing experiences I've had over the last four years serving in Congress is traveling to places near and far and meeting people doing absolutely amazing things in Colorado that no one knows about," Gardner said. "Whether it's the covered wagons of 100 years ago, or a spaceship of tomorrow, that's what makes Colorado unique &mdash; we are always looking forward."
Federal funding is central to the state's aerospace economy. Colorado companies and agencies received $1.8 billion in NASA prime contract awards in 2013, $9.2 billion in Department of Defense contracts, and $60.3 million in Small Business Innovation Research awards in 2013, according to Vicky Lea, EDC's aerospace director. The 2013 data was the most recent available.
Additionally,
$379.2 million from the National Science Foundation came to the state in 2014 , funding research at places like the
University of Colorado, Boulder's Laboratory for Atmospheric and Space Physics
and the
Aspen Center for Physics .
While the committees on which Perlmutter and Gardner now serve don't directly allocate these funds, they do influence legislation and policy.
This has caused concern for
many in the space and science communities , especially in the newly GOP-controlled Senate, where Texas Republican Sen. Ted Cruz now helms the Subcommittee on Science, Space and Competitiveness. Cruz,
who has outlined an ambitious plan for space exploration , also calls global warming a
"so-called scientific theory" .
Gardner said he will not be swayed by others' views and will stand up for Colorado.
"I'm one of the few Republicans who has already shown I will vote against my party when it comes down to it," he said. "I'm not afraid to buck the party line, and I've proved that."
As for Perlmutter: There are two quotes on the wall of the House Science and Technology Committee meeting room in Washington, D.C. One is from the Bible. The other is from Alfred Lord Tennyson: "For I dipped into the future, far as human eyes could see, saw the vision of the world and all the wonder that would be."
And this, Perlmutter said, inspires him. It also confirms his decision to advocate for space after serving years on the House Financial Services Committee.
"I love space exploration, and I've always believed that humans, but especially Americans, are explorers at heart," he said. "There are individuals that are skeptical about all this stuff and really are not big fans of science, which is startling in this day and age. But that's what's going to be so fun about it &mdash; there will be plenty of political wrangling."
This isn't a new role for Perlmutter, who was integral in University of Colorado Boulder
landing the bid for the National Solar Observatory
in 2011. However, he said this new seat allows him the ability to better advocate for agencies, programs and other areas of space exploration research at the core of Colorado's economy.
He's already started: Last week, he urged
NOAA and the Obama administration to make the country's aging fleet of weather satellites a priority .
But keeping the dollars flowing and missions on track will take more than just passing legislation.
"We are in a good spot, but you can never get too comfortable that we're number one. We'll only be at the top of this aerospace ladder if people are always vigilant and fighting for it," Perlmutter said. "You could be on every committee in the Congress, but it means nothing if you don't actually work for it."
Read the full article
here .
Congressman Ed Perlmutter
Connect With Me
Facebook
Twitter
YouTube
Unsubscribe
Washington DC Office
1410 Longworth House Office
Building
Washington, DC 20515
Phone: 202.225.2645
Fax: 202.225.5278
District Office
12600 West Colfax Avenue, Suite
B-400
Lakewood, CO 80215
Phone: 303.274.7944
Fax: 303.274.6455
Please do not reply to this email.
To contact me, please
click here
and let me know your thoughts on how I can better represent your beliefs and values in our nation's Capitol.
