
Official Site
Constituent Services
News
Contact
U.S. Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell&rsquo;s eNewsletter - - Week of March 9, 2015
Senate Confirms Kentuckian to Farm Credit Administration Board; McConnell Recommended Jeff Hall of Louisville for the Position
On Monday, the United States Senate voted to confirm Jeff Hall of Louisville, Kentucky for the Farm Credit Administration Board. Senator McConnell recommended Hall for the position.
Following the Senate&rsquo;s vote, Senator McConnell said, &ldquo;I am proud that a Kentuckian has been confirmed to serve on the Farm Credit Administration Board. Jeff Hall has devoted his 30-year career to serving the farming community and the people of Kentucky. Given Jeff&rsquo;s wealth of experience and his tremendous work ethic and can-do attitude, I have no doubt he will be a great member of the Farm Credit Board.&rdquo;
Last month, Senator McConnell introduced Hall
to the U.S. Senate Committee on Agriculture, Nutrition, and Forestry. Senator McConnell is a senior member of the committee and spoke in support of Hall&rsquo;s nomination.
Senate Considers Bipartisan Legislation to Combat Human Trafficking
Bill Would Aid Victims of Human Trafficking, Enhance Law Enforcement Tools
Throughout the week Senator McConnell spoke on the Senate Floor regarding the
Justice for Victims of Trafficking Act , bipartisan legislation designed to tackle human trafficking. Senator McConnell urged Senators to support the bipartisan human rights legislation which is scheduled for a vote next week.
Click the image below to view the Senator&rsquo;s floor speech on Tuesday.
On Thursday, Senator McConnell held a press conference in the U.S. Capitol with GOP Senators and spoke about the
Justice for Victims of Trafficking Act
and how the bipartisan bill would aid victims of human trafficking and enhance law enforcement tools to protect victims and to combat these crimes.
L-R: Sen. Joni Ernst (R-IA), Sen. John Cornyn (R-TX), Sen. McConnell, Sen. John Thune (R-SD).
The
Daily News
in Bowling Green, Kentucky reports:
Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell, R-Ky., has for the last four days straight taken to the Senate floor to urge support of the bipartisan Justice for Victims of Trafficking Act&hellip;
Marissa Castellanos, human trafficking program manager for Catholic Charities of Louisville, is grateful to McConnell for using his position in the Senate to bring attention to human trafficking&hellip;
&ldquo;I really appreciate Senator McConnell and other legislators at the federal level giving attention to what is a really important need legislatively. I hope they will continue to provide their voice and lend their support to this issue,&rdquo; she said.
Click
HERE
to read the full newspaper article from the
Daily News .
For more information regarding the
Justice for Victims of Trafficking Act , click the image below to view a powerful video.
In the Media
This week, Senator McConnell appeared on CBS&rsquo;s &ldquo;Face the Nation.&rdquo; Click the image below to view the Senator&rsquo;s interview with the host, Bob Schieffer.
Last week, Senator McConnell penned an opinion piece for the
Lexington Herald-Leader
regarding the Obama Administration&rsquo;s anti-coal regulations that would likely shrink our economy by almost $2 billion and throw even more Kentuckians out of work.
Click the image below to read the Senator&rsquo;s full op-ed.
This week, in response to the Senator&rsquo;s op-ed,
The New York Times
Editorial Board attacked Senator McConnell for defending Kentucky coal miners and their families. Click
HERE
to read the editorial.
On Tuesday, Senator McConnell and GOP Senators hosted a media stakeout in the U.S. Capitol and spoke about the
Justice for Victims of Trafficking Act .
On Friday, Senator McConnell joined Terry Meiners on 84WHAS-Radio in Louisville.
Coming Up&hellip;
U.S. Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell will appear on CNN&rsquo;s &ldquo;State of the Union&rdquo; on Sunday, March 15th. Check your local listings for broadcast times in your area.
Visiting our Nation's Capital
On Tuesday, Senator McConnell welcomed to his office in the U.S. Capitol members of the Kentucky Credit Union League.
Also on Tuesday, Senator McConnell welcomed to the Capitol Kentuckians Abby Smith and Trevis Kaiser of Oldham County.
Recently, the National Park Service (NPS)
announced
that the peak cherry blossom-bloom is predicted to be April 11th-14th. Click
HERE
to read more from NPS about the Cherry Blossom Festival.
If you&rsquo;re planning a trip to Washington, D.C., please check out Senator McConnell's
website
and visit his office while you are in town. Every week, Senator McConnell welcomes to his office in the U.S. Capitol many Kentuckians from across the Commonwealth visiting D.C. to meet with Senator McConnell and discuss issues of importance to Kentucky. Also, the Senator&rsquo;s office has information on tours, places to visit and local restaurants to help make your trip to the nation&rsquo;s capital one to remember.
Keeping Up With Senator McConnell
Keep up with the latest news and alerts from our nation&rsquo;s capital as well as updates on things happening in Kentucky by becoming a fan of Senator McConnell&rsquo;s
Facebook
page, and get the latest news from Senator McConnell&rsquo;s Press Office on Twitter at
@McConnellPress
and on Instagram at
@McConnellPress .
For a more behind-the-scenes view of the Senate Majority Leader's office, be sure to follow
@SenateMajLdr
on Twitter and
@SenateMajLdr
on Instagram.
Get this newsletter delivered to your inbox by signing up
HERE
Official Site
|
Privacy Policy
|
Unsubscribe
