
HOME
|
About Mike
|
Contact YOUR Office
|
Serving You
|
Newsroom
|
Legislative Work
|
4th District
|
Resources
WEBSITE
| SHARE ON:
Greetings,
Aviation matters in the Fourth Congressional District of Kansas.
The past few weeks, weve had some good news.
General Electric to Build New Engines at Ark City for the First Time
For the past 20 years, the Strother Field location of GE Aviation has had a primary function of overhauling and repairing engines.
This week, the Arkansas City leadership announced the skilled workforce at Strother Field will now be assembling GEs Passport 20 engine right here in South Central Kansas!
This new engine is set to power the Bombardier Global 7000 and 8000 ultra-long-range twinjets, beginning in 2016.
GEs selection of the Strother facility upholds our regions reputation as the home of world-class aviation workers and is evidence that the work ethic of Kansans is second to none.
This important strategic move will guarantee a long-term workload at the Strother facility and benefit our state and the families in Cowley County for decades to come.
I was happy to be able to celebrate with the men and women whose hard work and dedication led to this important achievement.
I spoke at the announcement ceremony at GE Aviation on March 9, 2015.
In addition to the people at GEs facility, I want to thank the community and state leaders who all had a hand in making sure that freedom and opportunity continue to make South Central Kansas a great place for global companies like GE to invest.
Progress on Getting the FAA Out of the Way so Aviation Manufacturers are Globally Competitive
In 2013, I spearheaded a bill that requires the FAA to get out of the way of our small businesses engaged in building airplanes and airplane components for the world.
I have continued to work to make sure that the FAA does what is required.
Recently, my Kansas colleague, Representative Kevin Yoder, leaned in too, asking the Secretary of Transportation, Anthony Foxx, about the status of the implementation of my Small Aircraft Revitalization Act (SARA).
Secretary Foxx promised that the rules freeing up hard-working Kansans will be completed by his agency by this summer.
Once fully implemented, SARA will increase safety and reduce certification costs -- making the American worker even more competitive.
Rep. Kevin Yoder during a recent House Appropriations Subcommittee on
Transportation, Housing and Urban Development hearing.
Thank you to all of you who have helped me make this smaller-government bill become law.
I look forward to its implementation so opportunities in aviation will remain in Kansas for years and years to come.
Finally, thanks to all of you who shared your thoughts with me this past week.
A collection of pictures from these community events can be found on my
Facebook page .
I traveled all over the district this week, from Cowley County to Greenwood County.
I visited schools from Madison and Hamilton to Winfield and Wichita.
I learned a great deal and was privileged to meet many Kansans who share my view that our best days are in front of us.
Visiting with the senior class at Hamilton High School.
Sincerely,
Mike Pompeo
Member of Congress
Connect With Mike
NOTE: Please
DO NOT
respond to this email as this
inbox is unattended . To contact my office please
click here
WASHINGTON, DC OFFICE
436 Cannon HOB
Washington, DC 20515
Phone:
(202) 225-6216
Fax:
(202) 225-3489
WICHITA, KS OFFICE
7701 E. Kellogg, Suite 510
Wichita, KS 67207
Phone:
(316) 262-8992
Fax:
(316) 262-5309
UPDATE SUBSCRIPTION OPTIONS
|
PRIVACY POLICY
|
CONTACT US
Click Here Click Here