
Did you hear? Jon Stewart announced last night that he would be leaving The Daily Show after this year.
David -- Did you hear? Jon Stewart announced last night that he would be leaving
The Daily Show
after this year.
Are you a huge Jon Stewart fan? Then sign our card and thank him for 16 incredible years. Let&rsquo;s get 100,000 fans in the next 24 hours!
The Daily Show
set the bar for making politics funny, combining hard-hitting news analysis with a large dose of humor. In his nearly two decades on the air, Jon has never been afraid to take hypocritical politicians and their outrageous agendas to task. We&rsquo;ll miss looking forward to 11 p.m. on weeknights to see how he responds to the day&rsquo;s news.
Sign our card to thank Jon and wish him luck in whatever he does next -- you can even add a personal note!
Thanks,
DSCC Breaking News
P.S. Elizabeth Warren wrote: &ldquo;Washington is rigged for the big guys -- and no person has more consistently called them out for it than Jon Stewart.&rdquo; Do you agree?
Sign our card.
Democratic Senatorial Campaign Committee
P.O. Box 96047
Washington, DC 20090
Paid for by the Democratic Senatorial Campaign Committee, dscc.org,
and not authorized by any candidate or candidate&#39;s committee.
The DSCC is the only organization solely dedicated to supporting Democrats in the U.S. Senate. This message was sent to dj724530@gmail.com because you are a part of the DSCC&rsquo;s grassroots network. Please add us to your address book or approved senders list to make sure you keep receiving DSCC updates.
Emails are a critical way for us to stay in touch with our grassroots supporters. 99% of the DSCC&rsquo;s contributions come from grassroots donors giving less than $200. We also strive to keep you updated on issues related to the Democratic Party&rsquo;s values.
If you&rsquo;d like to stop receiving emails related to this campaign, please
click here .
If you&#39;d like to make a contribution to support us, please
click here . We are already beginning to prepare for the fight ahead &ndash; reclaiming the majority in 2016. It will take every single grassroots supporter, but we know it&rsquo;s possible with your help. If you&rsquo;d like to stop receiving all emails from the DSCC, please
unsubscribe . We greatly appreciate your continued support.
Contributions or gifts to the DSCC are not tax deductible.
