
Week in Review| March 13, 2015
Click here
if you have trouble viewing this email
Week in Review
Dear Friends,
Thank you for subscribing to my e-newsletter!
Here, you can find out the latest information on what I have been working on at home in Central New York and in Congress.
Listening Across the District
Through a series of Listening Sessions across the 24th Congressional District, I hope to provide an informative environment to allow constituents to ask questions and get real answers on some of the top issues facing Central New York.
This week, we continued the conversation in Wayne County on Assisting our Veterans and in Oswego County on Strengthening Economic Development.
In Wayne County, our panel of veterans experts led an informative discussion on services and local facilities available to assist
Central New York veterans.
I will continue to fight for our veterans community in Congress.
We had a tremendous showing from the Oswego County community at our Listening Session this week on creating a more economically viable Oswego and Central New York.
Our panel of local economic and community partners fostered a wonderful conversation on creating jobs, bolstering manufacturing, and strengthening the economy in Oswego County and across NY-24.
Investing in CNY's Port City
After spending two full days visiting with local businesses and healthcare centers and meeting with constituents in Oswego County,
I was proud to announce this week that the U.S. Army Corps of Engineers will provide funding for vital dredging and breakwater repair at the Port of Oswego.
As the only deep water port on the U.S. shores of Lake Ontario, the Port of Oswego is a critical asset for attracting new economic growth opportunities in Oswego County and across Central New York.
You can read more about the project,
here .
Visit to Hancock Field and Fort Drum
I had the high honor this week of visiting the 174th Attack Wing at Hancock Field and Fort Drum with fellow New York delegation members, Rep. Elise Stefanik (NY-21) and Rep. Richard Hanna (NY-22).
Our New York bases are critical assets to our national defense and to strengthening Central New York's economy.
Painting the City Green
This morning's painting of the green stripe on South Salina Street marked the unofficial start to Saint Patrick's Day in Syracuse. Have a safe and Happy Parade Day!
Again, thank you for subscribing to my e-newsletter!
Sincerely,
John Katko (NY-24)
Member of Congress
CONNECT
IN THE NEWS
Power Play: Ice Hockey with Lawmakers and Lobbyists
Staffers and lawmakers from the Hill suit up for one of Washington's least-known sports traditions: Monday-night hockey.
HOW CAN WE HELP YOU?
Our constituent service team is made up of experienced caseworkers and trained social workers who specialize in helping constituents and their families solve problems with federal agencies.
Please contact my Syracuse District Office at (315) 423-5657 if you would like assistance with:
Dealing with Federal agencies
Purchasing U.S. Flags
Military Academy Nominations
Tours and tickets for your visit to Washington, D.C.
Internships
Forward to a Friend
|
Share on Facebook
|
Share on Twitter
|
Permalink
Syracuse, NY District Office
440 South Warren St.
7th Floor Suite 711
Syracuse, NY 13202
P: (315) 423-5657
F: (315) 423-5604
Auburn, NY Regional Office
71 Genesee St.
Auburn, NY 13021
P: (315) 253-4068
F: (315) 253-2435
Washington, DC Office
1123 Longworth HOB
Washington, DC 20515
P: 202.225.3701
F: 202.225.4042
UPDATE SUBSCRIPTION OPTIONS
|
PRIVACY POLICY
|
CONTACT US
Click Here Click Here