
Protecting America's School Children
I am working to protect our children in the classroom. This is a personal issue for me. When any of my three young children get on the bus to go to school, I have every right as a parent to know they are going somewhere safe. Every other parent in American should have this right too.
My bipartisan legislation,
Protecting Students from Sexual and Violent Predators Act , requires background checks for all school employees who have unsupervised access to children. It also ends "passing the trash" - the practice of a school helping a known child predator land a new job in a new school district.
I attempted to offer my legislation as an amendment to the Victims of Trafficking Act of 2015, but unfortunately, Senate Democrats have been standing in the way and are preventing me from even getting a vote on this proposal. This is commonsense legislation. I will keep fighting until my legislation is enacted to protect our children in the classroom.
I spoke about my legislation on the Senate floor. You can watch my remarks
here . I am also proud to have the support of Harrisburg's Charlie Gerow. You can read why he supports this legislation
here .
Standing Up For Law Enforcement
We must always be mindful of the sacrifice our police officers make every day to make our streets safer. Last week was a sad one for the City of Philadelphia and the entire Commonwealth of Pennsylvania. While trying to stop a robbery at a local store, Philadelphia Police Officer Robert Wilson III was brutally killed. My wife, Kris, and I send our prayers and deepest sympathies to Officer Wilson's family, friends, and fellow officers.
Recently, I think our police officers have not gotten the recognition and appreciation they deserve. Some of the anti-police sentiments expressed in recent months do not represent the views of most Americans. Our law enforcement officers deserve to be recognized for their dedication to preserving the safety of our local communities.
You can read more about my thoughts on this matter
here .
A Woman Of Achievement
This week, Janet Murnaghan from Newtown Square was honored by the Delaware County Women's Commission and received the Women of Achievement award. I first met Janet and her husband, Fran, two years ago at the Children's Hospital of Philadelphia. Their daughter Sarah was battling cystic fibrosis and desperately needed a lung transplant, but a badly flawed system prevented the transplant due to her age. Janet would not take no for an answer.
She found supporters on social media and appeared on national television to plead for her daughter's life. After trying to persuade HHS Secretary Kathleen Sebelius and filing a lawsuit challenging the policy that prevented the transplant, Janet finally won. A mother's love for her daughter saved Sarah's life.
Janet and Sarah's work led to the transplant rule being permanently revised and has saved the lives of other children just like Sarah. Janet has certainly set herself apart as a woman of achievement. I am proud to call her a friend of mine.
I submitted a statement to the Congressional Record in honor of Janet's much-deserved, prestigious award. You can read it
here .
Supporting Civic Engagement
The
United States Senate Youth Program
had its 53 rd
annual Washington Week this week. This program is a national initiative to provide opportunities for talented young people who are future leaders and are interested in our political process. My Senate colleagues, Susan Collins of Maine and Cory Gardner of Colorado, got their start as Senate Youth Program participants.
Two students are selected from each state. This year, Nathan Bonham of Westfield (Tioga County) and Catherine Zhang of Wexford (Allegheny County) were chosen for the program. I met with them on Wednesday evening and spoke about leadership and my role in the Senate. Both Nathan and Catherine are very involved in their school's Student Councils, and I look forward to seeing these bright students contribute their talents to their communities.
10 Fascinating Pennsylvania Women
March is Women's History Month! Pennsylvanians have a lot to be proud of when it comes to influential women. For example, Betsy Ross (pictured above) owned an upholstery business in Philadelphia during the time of the American Revolution. As the legend goes, she was commissioned by George Washington to make a flag for the newly minted United States.
You can learn about nine more incredible Pennsylvania women like Marian Anderson and Nellie Bly in this
Buzzfeed article
I wrote.
#PatsFacts
ALLENTOWN, PA
PH: (610) 434-1444
ERIE, PA
PH: (814) 453-3010
HARRISBURG, PA
PH: (717) 782-3951
JOHNSTOWN, PA
PH: (814) 266-5970
PHILADELPHIA, PA
PH: (215) 241-1090
PITTSBURGH, PA
PH: (412) 803-3501
SCRANTON, PA
PH: (570) 941-3540
WASHINGTON, D.C.
PH: (202) 224-4254
UNSUBSCRIBE
