
February 27, 2015
Continuing the Fight Against the President's Illegal Amnesty
Dear Friend,
On February 16, a Federal District Court in Texas immediately halted the processing of applications for President Barack Obamas illegal executive amnesty . Todays votes allow Congress to continue the fight against the Presidents actions while ensuring the men and women at our ports, borders, and coastlines get paid on time when they put their lives on the line.
By funding the Department of Homeland Security (DHS), Republicans in Congress are once again stepping up to fulfill its core constitutional responsibility - funding for the defense of our country - while the President walks away from his
executing our countrys laws.
But make no mistake
the fight is not over.
My highest priority is to ensure that the Obama Administration enforces our immigrations laws and secures our border. I am determined to do whatever it takes to stop the implementation of President Obamas illegal and unconstitutional executive amnesty.
The bill I voted for today only funds the Department for seven days in order to give Congress time for a conference committee to work out the differences between the House and the Senate . We also need time for the federal district judges order blocking the amnesty to be heard by the 5th Circuit Court of Appeals, and there is a good chance they will issue a ruling soon. Odds are the 5th Circuit will support the district court and rule that President Obamas amnesty is illegal. This will tremendously strengthen our hand in a conference committee to add restrictions to DHS funding to block the amnesty. I will continue to use every legislative tool at my disposal to stop President Obama from doing further damage to the rule of law in our nation.
I will not surrender or accept funding the DHS for the rest of the year unless we block President Obamas illegal amnesty .
On Thursday, I went to the House floor to speak out on this issue, which I believe represents a pivotal moment in the history of the United States because it will determine whether or not we will continue to be a nation of laws, and whether or not we will preserve the American Republic left to us by our Founders. I hope you will take a moment to watch my remarks.
Thank you for entrusting me with the honor of representing you in Congress, and I promise that I will continue the fight against the President's illegal amnesty.
Sincerely,
John Culberson
Tell a Friend
Forward this email
to a friend.
E-mail Updates
Yes, please periodically
send me e-mail updates.
Multimedia
To view the latest video of Congressman Culberson,
click here .
NOTE: Please DO NOT respond to this email as this inbox is unattended. To contact my office please
click here
UNSUBSCRIBE
|
PRIVACY POLICY
|
CONTACT US
Click Here Click Here