
Protecting the Constitution
This week, I voted against the so-called clean funding bill to fund the Department of Homeland Security that did nothing to rein in the Obama Administrations unconstitutional overreach on immigration. I fought that measure and voted against it because there is nothing clean about trampling the Constitution or allowing a minority party to take the United States Congress hostage. Ultimately, the vote was about securing the separation of powers and protecting the Constitution.
Well before funding was set to expire for DHS on February 27th, House Republicans stood strong against President Obamas unilateral overreach and voted to ensure critical homeland security programs were funded. For weeks, Senate Democrats stood in the way of a vote on the House-passed bill that would have funded DHS and held the President accountable. The Senate even refused to agree to a conference meeting to discuss our differences.
Providing common defense for the American people is one of the primary Constitutional responsibilities of Congress. Having seen the challenges we face firsthand during a Congressional trip to the Southwest border, I can tell you illegal immigration and our lack of border security pose a grave threat to our ability to fulfill that responsibility.
By taking unilateral and unconstitutional steps to implement his own agenda over the will of the American people, President Obama weakens our ability to confront these threats.
I remain deeply concerned about President Obamas executive overreach in our lives
from immigration to health care to telecommunications to overregulation
and I will continue to fight to protect representative government and to place boundaries on the Presidents authority.
ICYMI: Israeli Prime Minister Netanyahu Addresses Congress
Tuesday morning, I had the honor to receive Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahus third address to Congress.
As the only democracy in the Middle East, Israel is one of our closest and most important allies. Prime Minister Netanyahu is a great friend of our nation who is committed to defending our values and interests in the region.
It is important that the Prime Minister joined us because it is crucial for Congress, and all Americans, to hear of the grave dangers that haunt Israel because these threats are also perilous to our own national security.
The Prime Ministers inspiring address reinforced my belief that we must stand up to Irans dangerous nuclear program.
I stand with Prime Minister Netanyahu and Israel, not only for the security of the Middle East, but for the defense of Georgians and all Americans, as well.
In case you missed it, click
here
to watch my thoughts on the address.
FROM OUR NATION'S CAPITOL IX
Monday, March 2, 2015:
Since we were in session late last Friday night working on the DHS funding bill and I missed my flight out, I addressed a national pharmacy compounding group via Skype from my office Saturday morning before heading to Atlanta. On Sunday morning I had the good fortune of addressing another pharmacy group, this time a Southeastern U.S. retail group in Birmingham, AL. This morning Im back in Atlanta where I have the opportunity to visit the State Capitol where I am honored to address both the House and Senate. This is a very special time for me as I get to spend the morning visiting many good friends I made during the ten years I spent in the Georgia Legislature. After meeting with Governor Nathan Deal early in the afternoon, I head back to Washington for early evening votes where we pass H.R. 294, the Long-term Care Veteran Choice Act. This bill authorizes the Secretary of Veterans Affairs to transfer a veteran to a medical foster home that meets VA standards at the veterans request.
Tuesday, March 3, 2015:
Today is a very special day at the U.S. Capitol and the building is buzzing with the pending historic address to Congress by Israel Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu. My first meeting this morning is with Executive Director Mary Jane Crouch and others representing Americas Second Harvest of Coastal Georgia in Savannah. Mary Jane and her group do an outstanding job with this much needed food bank as does Executive Director Frank Richards and his group at Second Harvest of South Georgia in Valdosta who I meet with next. After a Republican Conference meeting, I head over to the Capitol for Prime Minister Netanyahus address to Congress. I am honored that my good friend from Savannah, Jerry Konter, has accepted my invitation to join me and witnesses the speech from the House gallery. Prime Minister Netanyahus address is Churchillian and, without question, one of the greatest speeches I have ever heard. The Prime Ministers timely speech is both inspirational and frightening as he reminds us of the very dangerous world we live in today. Once I get back to my office, I meet with constituents from the Jewish community who are in town to hear the Prime Minister's address before meeting with a group representing the Veterans of Foreign Wars. Later I meet with representatives from the sugar industry before meeting with Admiral Buschman who is the incoming D7 Commander for the Coast Guard for the First District. Before heading to the House chamber to vote, I meet with Camilla Knowles, the new Commissioner of Georgias Department of Community Affairs. Finally, the Senate has acted on the original DHS funding bill that we sent them nearly fifty days ago and it is now back before us. As expected, the bill has been stripped of our original amendments to prevent President Obama's immigration executive orders and now only includes funding for DHS through the end of the fiscal year. After a failed vote to table the Senate bill, the bill passes, without my support, and now goes to the President for his signature. After a brief meeting of the Committee on Government Oversight and Reform, I head back to my office where I meet with representatives from Hyundai Motors and later from the Georgia Association for Career and Technical Education. My last meeting of the day is with the American Medical Association, which turns out to be one of the most productive of the year as we discuss our mutual concerns regarding the future of health care in our country.
Wednesday, March 4, 2015:
The weather forecast for the DC area is not good and the Majority Leader, whose job it is to set our schedule, sends out notices that today will be our last day in session this week so that we may get home before the next winter storm hits this area. The day starts early with a radio interview with Bill Edwards on WTKS in Savannah as we discuss yesterdays address by Prime Minister Netanyahu. Afterwards, I meet with a group of Cardiologists, speak to a group of Submarine parts suppliers, and visit with airport officials from Savannah and the Southeast- all before 9:00 am! Later in the morning I have my first opportunity to preside over morning orders in the House Chamber as Speaker Pro Tempore. Next I head to an Education and Workforce Committee meeting before returning to my office to meet with representatives from the National Association of Convenience Stores and Dubuque University. I also meet with executives from JCB who are visiting the Capitol before heading back to the chamber to vote on H.R. 749, the Passenger Rail Reform and Investment Act, a bill that continues to subsidize Amtrak. Although I voted against this bill, it did pass. When I get back to the office I meet with the National Alliance of Independent Crop Consultants before meeting with representatives from the American Institute of Architects. Before heading out to the airport to catch the last flight out tonight, I meet with two machinists from Camden County to discuss future trade pacts and with two engineers from Savannah representing the American Institute of Aeronautics and Astronautics.
Thursday, March 5, 2015:
Thankfully I was able to get home last night as I learn that the D.C. area got 6 inches of snow this morning. Its always good to be home in the district but today is a special treat since it was unexpected. I take advantage of the day by having lunch with one of my favorite groups, the Richmond Hill Rotary Club. Later in the afternoon I attend the Effingham County Chamber of Commerces annual Taste of Effingham where I get to visit with many long-time friends.
Friday, March 6, 2015:
Were in Glynn County this morning for a Red Cross breakfast honoring
youth heroes from around the region. The dedication and volunteerism of these young people is inspiring and certainly worthy of their recognition. Later in the afternoon we have an opportunity to tour the Mercedes-Benz Vehicle Preparation Center (VPC) on Colonels Island and learn more about this impressive facility. Later I visit our Brunswick district office where our District Director, Jud Seymour, and Field Representative Emmitt Nolan are based before heading back to Savannah.
WEBSITE
|
UNSUBSCRIBE
|
CONTACT
Click Here Click Here