DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.0 Transitional//EN" "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml1/DTD/xhtml1-transitional.dtd"
March 12, 2015
Click here
if you have trouble viewing this email
Reducing burdens on our small businesses
Dear Friend,
Finally, spring is on the horizon! It has been another hard winter for Upstate New York, but we have good reason to be hopeful moving forward. Several recent developments in the House of Representatives have buoyed my spirits.
We had a productive hearing last week with the House Small Business Committee, discussing the state of small businesses and entrepreneurship. I had the opportunity to communicate many of the priorities our small business owners have raised with me personally during meetings across the district: lower taxes, tax and regulatory reform, access to community bank credit, and lower health care and energy costs.
Already this Congress, the House passed the following:
H.R. 37, the Promoting Job Creation and Reducing Small Business Burdens Act , a legislative package that includes 11 bipartisan bills aimed at promoting capital formation and job creation.
H.R. 50, the Unfunded Mandates Information and Transparency Act , which offers serious reforms to ensure that states, localities, and private-sector job creators are not continually burdened by onerous federal mandates.
H.R. 527, the Small Business Regulatory Flexibility Improvements Act , which closes loopholes in the Regulatory Flexibility Act and the Small Business Regulatory Enforcement Fairness Act to ensure agencies adequately analyze proposed rules for their potential impacts on small businesses.
H.R. 636, the Americas Small Business Tax Relief Act , which includes three separate bills (H.R. 636, H.R. 629 and H.R. 630) and makes permanent expensing limits on certain equipment owned by small businesses.
Also last week, the Housed passed the
Passenger Rail Reform and Investment Act of 2015 , which supports critical transportation links across our region and provides for critical safety improvements. H.R. 749, which authorizes appropriations for Amtrak through 2019, also enacts reforms to upgrade rail infrastructure, reduce debt, create greater accountability, and make Amtrak less reliant on federal funds.
These are smart investments that reduce congestion on our aging roads and bridges, saving travelers time and money and making counties in Upstate New York more competitive. I am proud to help build strong, bipartisan consensus on this and other transportation initiatives, and I will extend these efforts in the months ahead to that Congress adopts a badly needed, long-term surface transportation bill.
With the onset of warmer weather, were also gearing up for Saint Patricks Day. Ill be participating in parades this weekend and next in Kingston, Hoosick Falls, and Delhi. My parents instilled in me a deep appreciation for our Irish heritage, and I always look forward to these celebrations of the Irish in America.
My calendar also includes a visit with martial arts students in Kingston tomorrow and dinner with volunteer firefighters in Sharon Springs Saturday. Community events like these are excellent opportunities to visit with you and hear whats on your mind. To that end, I anticipate hosting two town hall meetings via telephone in the weeks ahead, so you may receive a call from me on a weekday evening.
Please feel free to submit your questionsI will do my best to address your concerns during the call.
I also meet regularly with constituents in my district offices. To schedule a meeting, or to invite me to a gathering near you, please email me at gibsonscheduling@mail.house.gov or call me in Washington at 202-225-5614. Thank you!
Sincerely,
Chris Gibson
Member of Congress
IN THE NEWS
Post Star:
School mental health center legislation gets bipartisan, cross country support
WAMC:
Congressional Corner With Chris Gibson
Journal News:
View: Scenic landscapes rely on land conservation
Southern Ulster Times:
Suicide Prevention
Poughkeepsie Journal:
Gibson offers way forward vs. Islamic State
Capital Tonight:
Rep. Gibson on Veterans Assistance Bill, Political Future
WIVT:
Gibson has optimistic outlook on Congress
ON THE HILL
How can we help you?
CONNECT
RSS Feeds
Facebook
Youtube
Twitter
Click Here Click Here