
If you are having trouble
viewing this message or would like to share it on a social network, you can
view the message
online .
About Lynn
|
Constituent Services
|
Issues
|
Media Center
|
Legislative Center
|
Georgia's Third District
|
Contact Me
March 08, 2015
Westmoreland Votes Against Clean DHS
Funding
Tuesday, the House passed a clean funding bill for the
Department of Homeland Security through September. I did not support
this bill.
I could not support
a long term funding bill that did not specifically ban the President
Obamas executive amnesty for millions of illegal aliens. We provided
the Senate with an opportunity to vote on a bill that funds DHS and
prohibits the President from enacting his executive amnesty, along with a
vote to go to conference. However, the Senate decided to put
procedure first and deny congress from doing whatever it takes to protect the
Constitution.
I will
remain committed to using our legislative tools to stop the presidents
executive overreach and prevent him from acting on immigration reform.
Currently, the Presidents executive amnesty has been halted due to a
Texas federal judges temporary injunction. I hope the judicial
system proves that the Presidents executive actions are in fact
unconstitutional. The court case may take time but unlike the President I
respect the Constitution, the balance of power, and the three divisions of
government.
Share on
Facebook
Share on Twitter
Westmoreland Attends Netanyahu Address to
Congress
Tuesday, Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu of
Israel addressed the United States Congress on the threat of a nuclear
Iran to the Middle East.
It was
an honor and a privilege to hear Prime Minister Netanyahu speak this
week. His unique perspective on the situation in the Middle East is
critical as we develop our strategy to defeat ISIL and prevent a nuclear
Iran. As the Prime Minister pointed out, Iran is a state sponsor of
terrorism and we must make sure that nuclear weapons do not get in the
hands of terrorists. Prime Minister Netanyahu warned of a nuclear
nightmare that could result from the administrations emerging nuclear
deal with Tehran that loosens sanctions against Iran. It is a warning
this administration must take very
seriously.
I am very disappointed the President of the United States
chose to snub the Prime Minister during his visit, but I am hopeful
that the administration understands Israels concerns, and is transparent
with Israel on their discussions with Iran. Our government has a
responsibility to protect the relationship with our greatest ally in that
region, Israel, and todays speech reflect that those of us in
Congress who stand with Israel stand with them unconditionally. We should
never let politics get in the way of the security of our nation or our
allies, and Prime Minister Netanyahu has my support.
Share on Facebook
Share on
Twitter
Join the Conversation
Tell a Friend
E-mail:
In Other News
VIDEO: Westmoreland on Lou Dobbs on Iran,
Israel, &amp; Secret Clinton
Emails
On Thursday, March 5, 2015 Congressman Lynn Westmoreland joined Lou
Dobbs Tonight on Fox Business to share his thoughts on the developing
nuclear deal with Iran, Israeli Prime Minister Netanyahu's address to
congress, and the recent discovery by the Select Committee on Benghazi
of Hillary Clinton using her personal email address for official State
Department business...
VIDEO: Westmoreland Questions CFPB Director at FSC
Hearing
On Tuesday, March 3, 2015, Congressman Lynn
Westmoreland (R-GA) questioned CFPB Director Richard Cordray at the House
Financial Services Committee hearing on their semi-annual
report...
Capitol Corner: The New
ObamaNet
The internet has been one of the few remaining
government-free frontiers, and now it, too, is no longer safe from
government regulation...
Westmoreland: Registration for Academy Day Now Open
I
invite you to meet representatives of Americas Service Academies on
Saturday, May 9th from 10:00 a.m. until 11:30 a.m. at Dobbins Air
Reserve Base in Marietta, Ga
WASHINGTON,
DC OFFICE 2202 Rayburn House Office
Bldg Washington, DC 20515 Phone (202) 225-5901 Fax (202) 225-2515
THIRD DISTRICT OFFICE
1601-B East Highway 34 Newnan, Georgia
30265 Phone (770) 683-2033 Fax (770) 683-2042
Unsubscribe
|
Update My Profile
|
Privacy
Policy
