DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.0 Transitional//EN" "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml1/DTD/xhtml1-transitional.dtd"
Send me an email
|
Forward to a Friend
The Sandwich Generation
By Congressman Randy Forbes
March 16, 2015
Theres something special about photographs that capture multiple generations of family members together. Grandfather, father, and son. Grandmother, mother, and daughter. Great Aunt, father, and daughter.
Theyre special because you can see the resemblance
the thread of family heritage
passed down between the family members, from the gray hair and smile lines of the oldest to the youthful energetic smile of the youngest family member.
The photos are also a beautiful representation of how care is passed down from one generation to another. A reminder that, at some point in our lives, we will be both a recipient of care and a giver of care, whether as a child, a parent, or a family caregiver.
One group of Americans is very aware of this cycle of care. These Americans are providing care in two very different directions. Theyre called the Sandwich Generation
individuals who find themselves sandwiched between caring for an aging parent and their own young children or young adult.
The Sandwich Generation isnt a new phrase, but the group of Americans who will be put into roles as sandwiched caregivers is growing. Almost half ( 47%)
of Americans in their 40s and 50s have a parent who is 65 or older and are either raising a minor child or financially supporting an adult child at the same time. The Sandwich Generation will continue to grow. An increasing number of baby boomers are moving into retirement age, living longer lives, and, as a result, requiring costlier care. A Pew Research
study
pointed to the recession and sluggish economic recovery as another reason for the rise. Slow economic recovery has taken a toll on young adults, many who have had difficulty finding full-time jobs and may rely on extra support from their parents.
Americans who find themselves sandwiched caregivers dont just have dual responsibilities. Some spend an average of 20 hours a week providing care for a parent on top of working a full-time job. This could be anything from simple and sporadic care, like running errands and helping with finances, to time-consuming care like doctor and hospital visits and advance care planning. Add in the financial and emotional investment of caring for multiple generations, and the responsibilities grow quickly.
Its likely that you or someone you know is in this situation, or will be at some point in the future. Here are some resources you can refer to that may help you as you provide care to our aging generations:
Virginia Division for the Aging
has a network of 25 agencies that provide services for seniors in Virginias communities. The site includes an option for you to search for agencies near your home.
Full Circle of Care
offers a range of resources, from tax assistance resources, caregiver checklists, information on long-distance caregiving, information on services for caregivers, and more.
HUD Information for Seniors
provides information on housing options for aging parents or relatives.
The
Virginia Family Caregiver Solution Center
offers an online forum connecting people caring for elderly parents. Participants post ideas, questions, and recommendations.
Virginia Navigator
provides access to programs and services available to Virginia seniors and caregivers.
In addition, my office has produced a
Seniors Organizational Toolkit
that you can use to help a parent or loved one organize important documents.
Many of us will either become members of the Sandwich Generation at some point in our lives or find ourselves caring for an aging family member. Whether providing full- or part-time, or in-home or long-distance care, the people, services, and information you have access to will help you in your journey.
If youre a caregiver in the Sandwich Generation, wed like to hear about it on Facebook. Perhaps there is a resource youve found helpful or tip youd like to share with others who find themselves in this role. Join the conversation at
https://www.facebook.com/randyforbes .
Home
|
Contact
|
Forward to a Friend
|
Unsubscribe
|
Subscribe
|
Privacy
|
Office Locations
Please do not reply to this message. This email address does not accept incoming messages. To send an email,
click here .
Click Here Click Here