
Rick's Weekly Report
to sign up click
HERE
Friend,
This week, I'm pleased to report the House passed several pieces of legislation to protect hardworking Americans from government overreach.
For too long, EPA's heavy-handed regulations created behind closed doors have burdened Georgia families and business owners -- particularly in agriculture, our state's top industry. That's why
the House acted to pass two bills that will help bring much-needed transparency and accountability to the EPA .
I was also proud to support a resolution to stop the National Labor Relations Board (NLRB) from enforcing its misguided "ambush" union election rule. The rule undermines the rights of both workers and employers and jeopardizes the privacy of employees and their families. You can learn more
HERE .
I was grateful for the opportunity to meet with Major General Stephen Fogarty and Command Sergeant Major Travis Cherry of the Cyber Center of Excellence and Fort Gordon this week. We discussed Fort Gordon's important ongoing missions and their critical role in our nation's defense. I also was honored to receive the Department of the Army official seal, which is proudly displayed in my DC office as a reminder of the bravery of our men and women in uniform.
Major General Stephen Fogarty (left) and Command Sergeant Major Travis Cherry (right) present Congressman Allen with the official seal of the Department of the Army on Capitol Hill in Washington, D.C.
During the House's district work period last week, I spent time visiting several businesses and speaking with Georgians across the 12th district. A highlight was a tour of Plant Vogtle, a great asset to Georgia and our country, to learn more about ongoing development at the site and its work to provide clean, safe, affordable and reliable energy.
Congressman Allen tours Plant Vogtle on March 10, 2015.
Thank you to all who joined us for the opening of my Augusta office last week. We had a great crowd, and my staff and I stand ready to provide help with a federal agency and other assistance for constituents in the 12th district.
Click here
to find contact information for my offices in Augusta, Dublin, and Statesboro.
Congressman Allen is joined by family, staff, and members of the Augusta Metro Chamber of Commerce for the ribbon-cutting of his district office in Augusta.
I also announced today the
2015 Congressional Art Competition
open to all high school students in the 12th district. Winners will have their artwork displayed in the U.S. Capitol or one of my offices in DC and the district. You can read more about the rules and guidelines on my website
HERE .This competition is a wonderful opportunity to highlight the creativity and artistic talents of our young artists, and I look forward to seeing this year's submissions.
Sincerely,
Rick Allen
Member of Congress
WEBSITE
|
UNSUBSCRIBE
|
CONTACT
Click Here Click Here