
Tax Preparation and Financial Services Fair This Saturday!
Saturday, February 21, 201510:00 a.m.
Noon
Washington Convention Center
801 Mount Vernon Place NW, Washington, D.C.
Toss the ads that want you to pay for tax preparation services!
Our annual D.C. Tax Preparation and Financial Services Fair will be here on Saturday.
Modest income D.C. residents are invited to receive free tax preparation services from IRS-certified experts who also serve our neighborhoods.
In addition, many kinds of Financial Services will be available regardless of income.
D.C. residents who have no vote in Congress should not have to pay to get their tax refunds!
View the flyer for full details.
Demanding Action to Prevent More Avoidable Metro Accidents
At the first congressional hearing on the January 12 Metro accident, last Friday, I asked Washington Metropolitan Area Transit Authority (WMATA), emergency personnel, and the National Transportation Safety Board (NTSB) to engage in real-time, on-site disaster training in Metro tunnels as a matter of best practice.
I also asked that there be no fare increases at a time when riders already are turning away from Metro, and WMATA Board of Directors Chairman Mortimer Downey seemed to agree.
The January 12 Metro accident was predictable and avoidable, which makes the loss of life and hundreds of injuries to passengers even worse.
Neither D.C. residents nor the federal government can function without Metro.
That is why Congress and federal agencies, most recently the Federal Transit Administration, have a responsibility to ensure the highest level of safety is maintained by WMATA.
NTSB has provided WMATA with a number of recommendations,
including fixing the ventilation systems that failed to expel smoke from the tunnels and train cars.
Metro is fixing defects as they are discovered to regain your trust.
My Bill to Provide Parity between Transit Benefits and Driving Benefits to Help Avoid Raising Metro Fares
At the end of 2013, commuter transit benefits were cut almost to half the level of commuter parking benefits ($245 per month).
Both were made temporarily equal by the stimulus bill.
This irrational difference makes using public transportation more costly, and has been a major cause of a striking reduction in transit system ridership across the country, including a 25% decrease on Metrorail.
That is why Im introducing a bill to restore parity between the two types of commuter benefits .
This legislation comes at a critical time, because last week WMATA officials discussed raising fares on Metro riders.
We need more riders on Metro, not higher fares.
I Will Seek a Vote for D.C. Residents Before Giving More Blood and Treasure in Another Middle East War
I cannot support the ISIL war authorization proposed by President Obama, which authorizes District of Columbia residents to go to war, yet again, in the Middle East without a vote on whether to go to war .
Our citys residents have bravely fought in every war since the Revolutionary War.
The United States must learn that we cannot wage a successful war in the Middle East by ourselves, or by leading those under direct siege.
It is their war to lead on their territory.
Our unilateral action only incites more resentment and extremism in the region.
I will seek a privileged motion to force a debate to give the District of Columbia a vote on the final passage of any authorization of military force.
Speaking out Against Insulting Republican Hearing on Non-Existent Immigrant Voter Fraud While Millions of Americans Face Deliberate Obstacles to Voting
Last week, I served as the lead Democrat of a House Oversight and Government Reform subcommittee hearing focused on President Obamas immigration executive actions and their impact on voter fraud.
This hearing came at a time when Republicans in Congress have refused even a hearing on the need to update and expand the Voting Rights Act while the country is commemorating the 50th anniversary of the Voting Rights Act of 1965.
Immigrant voter fraud has been documented to be minimal. It is a fabricated crisis Republicans are using as part of their war against the executive actions that are keeping families together.
Increasing Security at the White House While Maintaining Public Access
In response to my question at a House Oversight and Government Reform Committee hearing, the Secret Service Protective Mission Panel chair said that it was significant that their report following the notorious fence jumping incident did not endorse curtailing public access to the White House grounds and Lafayette Park .
Security officials must be charged with securing the White House without excluding the public.
Celebrating Tax Benefits for Disabled Americans to Become Independent
Last week I joined Vice President Joe Biden and members of Congress at a special ceremony in praise of the enactment of the long-sought Achieving a Better Life Experience (ABLE) Act.
The bipartisan legislation, which I cosponsored, permits tax-free savings accounts for individuals with disabilities.
I shared the story of my daughter, Katherine, who has Downs Syndrome, lives with me, and was the 2014 Global Down Syndrome Foundation Ambassador of the year.
Families of disabled loved ones want independence for them more than any single desire.
Many now feel able because of the ABLE Act.
Opening a New Campus for International Public Charter School at Armed Forces Retirement Home
Last week I spoke at the lease signing ceremony marking an innovative partnership between the Armed Forces Retirement Home (AFRH), a federal institution, and Creative Minds International Public Charter School (CMI).
AFRH needs revenue and some of its historic structures are unoccupied.
Our charter schools need first-rate facilities, and thats what CMI is getting on the beautiful AFRH grounds.
Much of the remaining available land in the District today is federally owned.
I am open to ideas on how D.C. can get greater access to federal land as part of my work on the House Transportation and Infrastructure Subcommittee on Economic Development, Public Buildings, and Emergency Management.
doctype html
Congresswoman Nortons e-NewsletterTuesday, February 17, 2015
*This Week: Two Important Events Wednesday and Saturday*
Wednesday: Join Julian Bond, Howard University Student Leaders, and me for an Intergenerational Conversation on Solutions
to Racial Profiling
Crossing the Bridge Together: A Conversation with Civil Rights Activists from Different Civil Rights Eras Addressing the Unfinished Business of Racial Profiling in America
Wednesday, February 18, 20156:00 p.m.
8:00 p.m.
Howard University School of Business Auditorium
2600 6 th
Street NW, Washington, D.C
To commemorate Black History Month, I will be participating in a community conversation in the wake of demonstrations across
the nation after Ferguson and New York City. We will focus on finding solutions to racial profiling with Julian Bond, a founder of the Student Nonviolent Coordinating Committee (SNCC), a former Georgia legislator and national NAACP Chair, and currently a visiting
professor at American University, and with two Howard University student leaders who have organized protests and discussions on racial profiling.
Police shooting in New York City and Ferguson have become a vehicle for an outpouring of activists and citizens
in the streets on a scale we have not seen since the civil rights movement.
What brought people of every race out was the chance to do something about the targeting and stopping of people of color in the streets and on highways because of the color of their
skin.
Now that this age-old issue is finally out, what are we going to do about it? Join us at Howard University and speak up during the audience response.
View the flyer for full
details.
Tax Preparation and Financial Services Fair This Saturday!
Saturday, February 21, 201510:00 a.m.
Noon
Washington Convention Center
801 Mount Vernon Place NW, Washington, D.C.
Toss the ads that want you to pay for tax preparation services!
Our annual D.C. Tax Preparation and Financial Services Fair
will be here on Saturday.
Modest income D.C. residents are invited to receive free tax preparation services from IRS-certified experts who also serve our neighborhoods.
In addition, many kinds of Financial Services will be available regardless of income.
D.C. residents who have no vote in Congress should not have to pay to get their tax refunds!
View the flyer for full
details.
Demanding Action to Prevent More Avoidable Metro Accidents
At the first congressional hearing on the January 12 Metro accident, last Friday,
I asked Washington Metropolitan Area Transit
Authority (WMATA), emergency personnel, and the National Transportation Safety Board (NTSB) to engage in real-time, on-site disaster training in Metro tunnels as a matter of best practice.
I also asked that there be no fare increases at a time when riders already are turning away from Metro, and WMATA Board of Directors Chairman Mortimer Downey seemed to agree.
The January 12 Metro accident was predictable and avoidable, which makes the loss
of life and hundreds of injuries to passengers even worse.
Neither D.C. residents nor the federal government can function without Metro.
That is why Congress and federal agencies, most recently the Federal Transit Administration, have a responsibility to
ensure the highest level of safety is maintained by WMATA.
NTSB
has provided WMATA with a number of recommendations,
including fixing the ventilation systems that failed to expel
smoke from the tunnels and train cars.
Metro is fixing defects as they are discovered to regain your trust.
My Bill to Provide Parity between Transit Benefits and Driving Benefits to Help Avoid Raising
Metro Fares
At the end of 2013, commuter transit benefits were cut almost to half the level of commuter parking benefits ($245 per month).
Both were made
temporarily equal by the stimulus bill.
This irrational difference makes using public transportation more costly, and has been a major cause of a striking reduction in transit system ridership across the country, including a 25% decrease on Metrorail.
That is why Im introducing a bill to restore parity
between the two types of commuter benefits .
This legislation comes at a critical time, because last week WMATA officials discussed raising fares on Metro riders.
We need more
riders on Metro, not higher fares.
I Will Seek a Vote for D.C. Residents Before Giving More Blood and Treasure in Another Middle
East War
I cannot
support the ISIL war authorization proposed by President Obama, which authorizes District of Columbia residents to go to war, yet again, in the Middle East without a vote on whether to go to war .
Our citys residents have bravely fought in every war since the Revolutionary War.
The United States must learn that we cannot wage a successful war in the Middle East by ourselves, or by leading those under direct siege.
It is their war to lead on their
territory.
Our unilateral action only incites more resentment and extremism in the region.
I will seek a privileged motion to force a debate to give the District of Columbia a vote on the final passage of any authorization of military force.
Speaking out Against Insulting Republican Hearing on Non-Existent Immigrant Voter Fraud While
Millions of Americans Face Deliberate Obstacles to Voting
Last week,
I served as the lead Democrat of a House Oversight and Government Reform subcommittee hearing focused on President Obamas immigration executive actions and their impact on voter fraud.
This hearing came at a time when Republicans in Congress have refused even a hearing on the need to update and expand the Voting Rights Act while the country is commemorating the 50 th
anniversary of the Voting Rights Act of 1965.
Immigrant voter
fraud has been documented to be minimal. It is a fabricated crisis Republicans are using as part of their war against the executive actions that are keeping families together.
Increasing Security at the White House While Maintaining Public Access
In response to my question at a House Oversight and Government Reform Committee hearing,
the Secret Service Protective Mission Panel chair
said that it was significant that their report following the notorious fence jumping incident
did not
endorse curtailing public access to the White House grounds and Lafayette Park .
Security officials must be charged with securing the White House without excluding
the public.
Celebrating Tax Benefits for Disabled Americans to Become Independent
Last week
I joined Vice President Joe Biden and members of Congress at a special ceremony in praise of the enactment of the long-sought Achieving a Better Life Experience (ABLE) Act.
The
bipartisan legislation, which I cosponsored, permits tax-free savings accounts for individuals with disabilities.
I shared the story of my daughter, Katherine, who has Downs Syndrome, lives with me, and was the 2014 Global Down Syndrome Foundation Ambassador
of the year.
Families of disabled loved ones want independence for them more than any single desire.
Many now feel able because of the ABLE Act.
Opening a New Campus for International Public Charter School at Armed Forces Retirement Home
Last week
I spoke at the lease signing ceremony marking an innovative partnership between the Armed Forces Retirement Home (AFRH), a federal institution, and Creative Minds International Public Charter School (CMI).
AFRH needs revenue and some of its historic structures are unoccupied.
Our charter schools need first-rate facilities, and thats what CMI is getting on the beautiful AFRH grounds.
Much of the remaining available land in the District today is federally owned.
I am open to ideas on how D.C. can get greater access to federal land as part of my work on the House Transportation and Infrastructure Subcommittee on Economic Development, Public
Buildings, and Emergency Management.
Thanks for subscribing!
Follow Congresswoman Norton on
Facebook ,
Twitter ,
Instagram ,
YouTube , or her
website
for more updates.
Capitol Hill Office
2136 Rayburn HOB
Washington, D.C. 20515
Phone: (202) 225-8050
Fax: (202) 225-3002
S.E. District Office
2041 Martin Luther King Jr. Ave., S.E.
Washington, D.C. 20020
Phone: (202) 678-8900
Fax: (202) 678-8844
Main District Office
90 K Street, N.E., Suite 100
Washington DC 20001
Phone: (202) 408-9041
Fax: (202) 408-9048
To unsubscribe from our list, please click here .
