
The position, like the federal judges I recommend, is nominated by President Obama and confirmed by the U.S. Senate.
The position is a 6-year term with the possibility to serve up to 12 years.
U.S. Parole commissioners have an influential role in helping to reduce crime and improve reintegration of returning citizens into society.
Experience with the criminal justice system is preferred, but not required.
Interested candidates must submit their applications by March 9.
Applicants should include a rsum and a letter of interest outlining their qualifications and reasons they want the position.
Applications should be sent to:
Pauline A. Schneider
Chair, Federal Judicial Law Enforcement Nominating Commission
Ballard Spahr LLP
1909 K Street NW, 12th Floor
Washington, DC 20006
Civil Rights Student Leaders from Different Eras Working Together to Solve Racial Profiling
Last week, for
Black History Month, in the wake of nationwide demonstrations across the nation after police shootings in Ferguson and New York City, Julian Bond, a founder of the Student Nonviolent Coordinating Committee (SNCC), of which I was also a member, and I had a public dialogue with two Howard University student leaders who have organized protests and discussions on racial profiling.
Student leaders from two generations exchanged ideas on solutions to racial profiling.
People of color have been talking about the issue of racial profiling for generations.
We need to keep a public discussion going in order to solve this problem.
D.C. Residents Get Their Taxes Filed for Free
Many D.C. residents braved the weather this past Saturday and had their taxes prepared for free at our annual Tax Preparation and Financial Service Fair.
They also got access to a variety of financial services, including housing, credit, mortgages, D.C. Tuition Assistance Grant Program, and credit unions.
D.C. residents, who pay the highest federal taxes per capita in the country and who have no vote, should not have to pay to pay their taxes or get their refund.
Please also note that we are encouraging constituents to file their taxes as soon as they are able this year because huge cuts to the IRS budget have created backlogs, including for people who want to speak to the IRS for assistance.
Remember, our local Volunteer Income Tax Assistance (VITA) sites have IRS-certified experts who prepared taxes last Saturday and are available in our neighborhoods until April 15.
To view a full list of VITA sites in D.C., click here.
Women Civil Rights Leaders Honored at the White House
Last week, I had the honor of speaking at a discussion at the White House
among different generations of women civil rights leaders about their roles in fighting for change and how they are continuing that movement.
First Lady Michelle Obama gave splendid opening remarks and set the tone for a far-reaching conversation on the role of women during the Civil Rights Movement in the past and today.
The White House asked me to give closing remarks following a panel discussion that included: Charlayne Hunter-Gault, the first African American woman to enroll at the University of Georgia; Carlotta Walls, a member of the Little Rock Nine; Sherrillyn Ifill, President and Director-Counsel of the NAACP Legal Defense and Education Fund; Chanelle Hardy, Executive Director of the National Urban Leagues Washington Bureau; Janaye Ingram, National Executive Director of the National Action Network; and Allyson Carpenter, a student at Howard University.
You can watch the full video of the panel discussion here.
doctype html
Congresswoman Nortons e-NewsletterMonday, February 23, 2015
Do You, or Does Someone You Know, Want to be Nominated by President Obama to the U.S. Parole Commission?
My Federal Law Enforcement Nominating Commission is accepting applications
for a position on the U.S. Parole Commission.
The position, like the federal judges I recommend, is nominated by President Obama and confirmed by the U.S. Senate.
The position
is a 6-year term with the possibility to serve up to 12 years.
U.S. Parole commissioners have an influential role in helping to reduce crime and improve reintegration of returning citizens into society.
Experience with the criminal justice system is preferred,
but not required.
Interested candidates must submit their applications by
March 9 .
Applicants should include a
rsum and a letter of interest outlining their qualifications and reasons they want the position.
Applications should be sent to:
Pauline A. Schneider
Chair, Federal Judicial Law Enforcement Nominating Commission
Ballard Spahr LLP
1909 K Street NW, 12th Floor
Washington, DC 20006
Civil Rights Student Leaders from Different Eras Working Together to Solve Racial Profiling
Last week,
for
Black History Month,
in the wake of nationwide demonstrations across the nation after police shootings in Ferguson and New York City,
Julian Bond, a founder of the Student Nonviolent Coordinating Committee (SNCC), of which I was also a member, and I had a public dialogue with two Howard University student leaders who have organized protests
and discussions on racial profiling.
Student leaders from two generations exchanged ideas on solutions to racial profiling.
People of color have been talking about the issue of racial profiling for generations.
We need to keep a public discussion going
in order to solve this problem.
D.C. Residents Get Their Taxes Filed for Free
Many D.C. residents braved the weather this past Saturday and had their taxes prepared for free at our annual Tax Preparation and Financial
Service Fair.
They also got access to a variety of financial services, including housing, credit, mortgages, D.C. Tuition Assistance Grant Program, and credit unions.
D.C. residents, who pay the highest federal taxes per capita in the country and who have
no vote, should not have to pay to pay their taxes or get their refund.
Please also note that we are encouraging constituents to file their taxes as soon as they are able this year because huge cuts to the IRS budget have created backlogs, including for
people who want to speak to the IRS for assistance.
Remember, our local Volunteer Income Tax Assistance (VITA) sites have IRS-certified experts who prepared taxes last Saturday and are available in our neighborhoods until April 15.
To view a full list of VITA sites in D.C., click here.
Women Civil Rights Leaders Honored at the White House
Last
week, I had the honor of speaking at a discussion at the White House
among different generations of women civil rights leaders about their roles in fighting for change and how they are continuing that movement.
First Lady Michelle Obama gave splendid
opening remarks and set the tone for a far-reaching conversation on the role of women during the Civil Rights Movement in the past and today.
The White House asked me to give closing remarks following a panel discussion that included: Charlayne Hunter-Gault,
the first African American woman to enroll at the University of Georgia; Carlotta Walls, a member of the Little Rock Nine;
Sherrillyn Ifill, President and Director-Counsel of the NAACP Legal Defense and Education Fund; Chanelle Hardy, Executive Director of the National Urban Leagues Washington Bureau; Janaye
Ingram, National Executive Director of the National Action Network; and Allyson Carpenter, a student at Howard University.
You can watch the full video of the panel discussion here.
Thanks for subscribing!
Follow Congresswoman Norton on
Facebook ,
Twitter ,
Instagram ,
YouTube , or her
website
for more updates.
Capitol Hill Office
2136 Rayburn HOB
Washington, D.C. 20515
Phone: (202) 225-8050
Fax: (202) 225-3002
S.E. District Office
2041 Martin Luther King Jr. Ave., S.E.
Washington, D.C. 20020
Phone: (202) 678-8900
Fax: (202) 678-8844
Main District Office
90 K Street, N.E., Suite 100
Washington DC 20001
Phone: (202) 408-9041
Fax: (202) 408-9048
To unsubscribe from our list, please click here .
