
If you are having
trouble viewing this message or would like to share it on a social
network, you can
view the
message online .
March 17, 2015
Constituent Services
|
Issues
|
Legislation
|
District 15
|
About Rubn
|
Media
Center
|
Contact
Dear Friends,
With the beginning of the
114 th
Congress of 2015 well underway, we have seen progress on
many fronts. Because of the Affordable Care Act, more people are covered
by health insurance in the 15 th
Congressional district
than before. Job growth remains on the rise as we continue through
bipartisan efforts to keep Americans working.
Through bipartisan
efforts we are also working towards the goal of realizing a full service
hospital for our veterans in the Rio Grande Valley. Just last week, I
introduced a bill in Congress that has bipartisan support. In this
letter you will read about other changes and important events that have
taken place, all in an effort to keep America strong on all
fronts.
Since the Affordable Care Act was passed into law in 2015, and
later implemented, we have had hundreds of families in the
15 th
Congressional district enroll in the new health care system. By
coordinating numerous ACA enrollment fairs throughout my Congressional
District 15, many residents have been assisted in securing their
health care benefits under our new law. According to Enroll America,
before the ACA was made law, Hidalgo County alone had a 37% of its
population uninsured for health care. After the implementation of the ACA,
that percentage dropped to 24%, and those of the other seven counties in
my district dropped considerably as well.
(See chart
below)
While
much progress has been made, there is still much work to be done. The
state of Texas did not sign up for the Medicaid Exchange portion of this
legislation. What that means is that Texas will not accept federal
funding that would help the poorest of our residents in our great state.
I will continue to work towards the goal of helping our most
vulnerable residents to qualify for health care
coverage.
VETERANS HOSPITALNEW
LEGISLATION:
Last week, I introduced H.R. 1294, which is called the Meeting the
Inpatient Health Care Needs of Far South Texas Veterans Act of
2015.
We know that many times Democrats and Republicans differ
on issues; however one issue many do agree on is that the veterans of
the Rio Grande Valley deserve a full service hospital built for them to
serve their medical needs.
I have worked along with Senator
John Cornyn to get a bill passed that would fund this much needed
project. Now, we have many other Texas members in Congress supporting a
veterans hospital in the RGV. There have already been discussions with
Texas Governor Gregory Abbotts office, and mine, in forming a bipartisan
effort to see that our goal is realized. We are making progress on
this front and we are in hopes that after so many years of struggle we
will finally prevail and our veterans will finally get the hospital
they deserve.
HEROES
HONORED:
Congressman Hinojosa at
far right with (l-r) Rep. Filemon Vela of Brownsville, Eugene
Gutierrez and his wife Penny
It was a great honor to have
attended the Congressional Gold Medal Award Ceremony at the U.S. Capitol
in February where McAllen resident, Eugene Gutierrez, was honored
along with his comrades in World War II for their heroism. The
Congressional Gold Medal was awarded to the members of the First Special Service
Force (FSSF) also known as the famous Devils Brigade, an elite
Special Forces unit made up of soldiers from the U.S.A. and
Canada.
These men were known to be the most feared warriors in the
European front during WWII. Their courage and commitment knew no bounds and
their contribution to the war effort no doubt helped our side succeed.
Gene Gutierrez is a hero who fought in fierce battles pushing back
Nazi troops in Italy, helping to liberate the city of Rome. At home, Gene
Gutierrez is known as a dedicated educator who has inspired so many
of his students to succeed.
The Congressional Gold Medal is an
award bestowed by the United States Congress; the Congressional Gold
Medal and the Presidential Medal of Freedom are the highest civilian
awards in the United States. It is awarded to persons "who have
performed an achievement that has an impact on American history and culture
that is likely to be recognized as a major achievement in the
recipient's field long after the achievement. (Source:
Wikipedia.org)
OFFICE CHANGES IN THE NORTHERN
DISTRICT:
In an effort to reach as many constituents as possible, I
have expanded the locations and times where residents can visit with
District Director, Mark Gonzales to discuss their needs and
issues.
Below, in this e-newsletter, you will see the schedule of the
weekly neighborhood office locations and hours. Any updates can be viewed
on my website at;
www.hinojosa.house.gov
under the Contact section at the top of the Home page, then search under
North District Neighborhood Locations.
The
idea is to expand our outreach to constituents in the northern part of
the 15 th
Congressional District of Texas. We have listened
to residents who say that traveling to one main office in Seguin was
difficult at times.
We are striving to facilitate as many of our
constituents as possible through this new concept. My District
Director will be available at many locations, each week, to help serve the
needs of the communities.
JOB GROWTH
REPORT:
For sixty
months now, our nation has experienced consecutive job growth. According
to todays report from the Bureau of Labor and Statistics, (see
graphic below) in February, 288,000 new jobs were created and 3.2 million
were created over the past 12 months. Americans are going back to work
by the millions and we in Congress must continue to work together to
build on these gains. We must work in a bipartisan effort to keep up
this momentum.
2015 ARTISTIC
DISCOVERY COMPETITION:
High School Art
students and teachers mark your calendars for the 2015 Artistic
Discovery Congressional Art Competition. The deadline to submit art pieces to
the Congressmans office is Wednesday April 8, 2015.
The
judging and reception for the competition finalists will be held on Friday
April 17, 2015 at the Art Village on Main in McAllen, time to be
announced later.
I look forward to working with all of my colleagues in the
114 th
Congressional session in hopes that we will make progress
on legislation that will continue to make our country and our economy
stronger.
Sincerely,
Ruben Hinojosa
Member of Congress
E-mail
Updates Yes, please periodically send me e-mail
updates.* Click
Here *By subscribing to my
e-mail
updates, you are authorizing me to send regular e-mail updates from my
office to your e-mail
account.
Tell a Friend
E-mail:
E-mail:
E-mail:
Did you find this information useful? Yes No *By
answering this survey, you are subscribing to my newsletter. If you are having trouble, click here.
Washington,
DC Office
U.S. House of
Representatives
2262 Rayburn House Office Building
Washington, DC
20515
Phone: (202) 225-2531
Fax: (202)
225-5688
Edinburg Office
2864 West Trenton
Road
Edinburg, TX 78539
Phone :
(956) 682-5545
Fax: (956) 682-0141
Seguin
Office
100 South Austin Street, Suite
1
Seguin, Texas 78155
Phone : (830)
401-0457
Fax: (830)
379-0984
Unsubscribe
|
Update My Profile
|
Privacy
Policy
