
RAND'S NEWSLETTER UPDATE
FEBRUARY 6, 2015
Please allow me to update you on this week's happenings in Washington, D.C.
Dr. Paul To Oppose Loretta Lynch for U.S. Attorney General
Mrs. Lynch has a track-record of violating the individual freedoms granted to us by our Constitution. She considers civil asset forfeiture to be a 'useful tool,' while I
consider
it to be an infringement on the Fifth Amendment. She remains non-committal on the legality of drone strikes against American citizens, while I
believe
such strikes unequivocally violate rights granted to us by the Sixth Amendment. Mrs. Lynch also supports President Obama's calls for executive amnesty, which I vehemently
oppose .
The Attorney General must operate independent of politics, independent of the president and under the direction of the Constitution. I cannot support a nominee, like Mrs. Lynch, who rides roughshod on our Constitutional rights.
Click
HERE
to read my statement in it's entirety.
Dr. Paul Asks Kentucky General Assembly to Pass Expungement Legislation
I support efforts in the Kentucky General Assembly to pass legislation that would allow some nonviolent, low-level ex-offenders in the Commonwealth to ask courts to expunge their records.
I believe that an individual should have the opportunity for redemption. One mistake should not keep someone from being able to seek employment and build a better future. Those who have paid their debt to society should be able to take the steps they need to move forward with their lives.
A bill has been filed in the General Assembly this year addressing the expungement issue. House Bill 40, filed by State Reps. Daryl Owens (D-Louisville) and Larry Clark (D-Louisville), would expand the scope of expungements to include felonies referred to a grand jury where no indictment ensues, as well as to Class D felonies.
Click
HERE
to read more.
Dr. Paul Leads Bipartisan, Bicameral Introduction of the Justice Safety Valve Act
This week, I joined Sen. Patrick Leahy (D-VT), Rep. Thomas Massie (R-KY), and Rep. Bobby Scott (D-VA) in introducing the Justice Safety Valve Act (S. 353/H.R. 706) in the Senate and House of Representatives.
The Justice Safety Valve Act would give federal judges the ability to impose sentences below mandatory minimums in appropriate cases based upon mitigating factors.
Since mandatory sentencing began, America's prison population has quadrupled, to 2.4 million. America now jails a higher percentage of its citizens than any other country due to mandatory minimum sentences. These sentences disproportionally affect minorities and low-income communities, while doing little to keep us safe. The federal government should get out of the way, and allow local and state judges to do their jobs. We must work hard in a bipartisan fashion to change these laws.
Click
HERE
to read more about the Justice Safety Valve Act.
Dr. Paul Meets with Representatives from KY Private College
On Tuesday, I met with representatives from Kentucky's private colleges and universities. We discussed the Higher Education Act and other pieces of legislation that directly affect private colleges in Kentucky.
(Dr. Rand Paul with representatives from KY Private Colleges and Universities- February 3, 2015)
Dr. Rand Paul Meets with the KY School Board Association
Also on Tuesday, I had the opportunity to meet with members of the Kentucky School Board Association. We discussed localizing our education system through school choice.
(Dr. Rand Paul with KY School Board Association- February 3, 2015)
Dr. Rand Paul Meets with KY County Agencies for Substance Abuse Policy and Prevention
On Wednesday, I met with representatives from various Kentucky agencies for substance abuse policy and prevention. Throughout the meeting, we discussed drug policy and criminal justice reforms.
(Dr. Rand Paul with KY County Agencies for Substance Abuse Policy and Prevention- February 4, 2015)
Media Wrap-Up
This week, I appeared on Fox News Channel's
Hannity
and
On the Record with Greta Van Susteren
and spoke with several radio stations across the country, as well as stations in Kentucky such as Breakfast Brunch with Brian Jackson and the Leland Conway show. You can also read an op-ed I penned for CNN
HERE .
Have An Issue Or Concern?
If you are a Kentucky resident and need assistance with a federal agency or concern, feel free to contact the Bowling Green office (270-782-8303) to have a discussion with the appropriate staff member. Stay in Touch with Sen. Paul's Social Media
You can find updates on what I'm doing by visiting my Senate website,
www.paul.senate.gov
and you can follow my official Google+ account
HERE . You can also subscribe to my YouTube channel
HERE . Don't forget to become a fan of my official
Facebook page
for other timely updates.
Warm Regards,
To unsubscribe from Rand's newsletter, please visit the
unsubscribe page
