DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.0 Transitional//EN" "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml1/DTD/xhtml1-transitional.dtd"
February 17, 2015
Visit My Website
|
Forward to a Friend
| Find me on:
Federal Court Blocks President's Unilateral Amnesty
Today, a federal judge in Texas
halted implementation
of President Obamas unilateral amnesty. The ruling is a clear rebuke of the presidents overreach and an important victory for the rule of law. It also reaffirms the position I have taken from the beginning: the president does not have standing to grant amnesty to millions of illegal immigrants through executive fiat. The president himself said this over 20 times before he disregarded the democratic process on immigration.
I fully agree with Governor Abbott and the 26 states that have joined Texas' legal challenge to President Obamas unilateral amnesty. When the case was filed in early December, my Texas Delegation colleagues and I wrote him to express our strong support. You can read our letter
here .
Tax Relief for Small Businesses &amp; Working Families
The U.S. is the only country that allows important portions of its tax code to expire every couple of years. This leaves small businesses and working families throughout the country guessing about how to plan for their futures. That is why I helped pass the
Americas Small Business Tax Relief Act
and the
Fighting Hunger Incentive Act . These bills will provide greater certainty for Americans by making permanent some of our nation's long-standing tax provisions that support small businesses and charitable giving.
The
Americas Small Business Tax Relief Act
makes permanent a number of provisions that foster small business growth by making it easier for small businesses to reinvest in new technology and equipment. Of particular note, this bill permanently extends and improves Section 179 expensing, which is important to many small businesses in my district. Making it permanent is
estimated to create over 200,000 jobs
nationwide and boost economic output by $18 billion. The bill passed
272
142 . You can read my full statement about it
here .
The
Fighting Hunger Incentive Act
would help amplify the good work of our nations food banks and charitable organizations by making permanent a number of provisions that encourage charitable giving. Important provisions made permanent by this legislation include the deduction for charitable contributions of food inventory, the provision allowing for tax-free distributions from IRAs for charitable purposes, and the deduction for charitable contributions of conservation easements. The bill passed
279
137 .
In addition to supporting the passage of these two bills, I also worked to advance three bills out of the Ways and Means Committee that further our efforts to provide tax certainty for small businesses and working families. These include:
H.R. 622 : Makes permanent the state and local sales tax deduction
H.R. 880 : Simplifies and makes permanent the research and development tax credit
H.R. 529 : Improves and expands 529 college savings accounts
savings plans on which President Obama wanted to hike taxes in his 2016 budget proposal
The state and local sales tax deduction is especially important for working families in my district and across Texas. I have long supported making it permanent and I'm an original cosponsor of H.R. 622. I will be working hard to ensure this bill passes the House along with the others mentioned above. It only makes sense to provide working families and small businesses with greater certainty as we work to make our tax code simpler, flatter, and fairer.
Protecting Small Businesses from Government Intrusion
The Ways and Means Subcommittee on Oversight held its first
hearing of the 114th Congress on protecting small businesses from government intrusion.
Under current civil asset forfeiture laws, the IRS can seize the assets of a small business owner based on little more than suspicion of criminal activity.
To gain a seizure warrant, federal investigators need only to demonstrate probable cause by showing that a business has made deposits of less than $10,000. After that, it can take months and cost small business owners thousands of dollars in legal fees before they can recover their earnings.
During the hearing, IRS Commissioner John Koskinen
apologized
for seizing the assets of law-abiding small business owners and vowed to work with us to improve the intrusive policy. As the second highest-ranking Republican on the Oversight Subcommittee, I will work to hold him to this promise .
My full statement about the hearing and the complete video recording can be found
here .
Recognition for Pro-Life, Pro-Family Voting Record
I was honored to accept the Family Research Councils True Blue award for voting
100 percent
in defense of faith, family, life, and individual liberty during the 113th Congress. I will continue to stand strong for these fundamental principles throughout the 114th Congress.
Click the "Like" button and follow me on Facebook to get daily updates on how I am serving you and the 24th District of Texas.
It is an honor to represent you in Washington and I value your input. Please don't hesitate to contact one of my offices or
send me an email .
UPDATE SUBSCRIPTION OPTIONS
|
PRIVACY POLICY
|
CONTACT US
