
If you are having trouble viewing this
message or would like to share it on a social network, you can
view the message online .
March 13, 2015
Unsubscribe
Update My Profile
Website
|
Meet Rodney
|
11th
District
Services
|
Newsroom
|
Contact Rodney
Assessing U.S. Security Relations: Egypt,
Cyprus, Ukraine, UK
Iran Occupies
Iraq
Assessing U.S. Security Relations:
Egypt, Cyprus, Ukraine, UK
At this writing, I am
preparing to return to the United States after leading a bipartisan
fact-finding Congressional delegation to several key nations.
I was
accompanied by both the Ranking Democrat, Rep. Peter Visclosky of Indiana
and the Vice-Chair of the House Appropriations Subcommittee on Defense,
Rep. Kay Granger of Texas, and five Subcommittee members as we met
with civilian and military leaders in Egypt, Cyprus, Ukraine and the
United Kingdom.
As we begin to prepare the Fiscal Year
2016 Defense Appropriations bill, we focused on the U.S. security
relationship with these nations. We were honored to meet with President
Fattah el-Sisi in Egypt and President Petro Poroshenko in
Ukraine.
Members of the delegation also visited the Multinational Force
and Observers (MFO) - an independent international organization, with
peacekeeping responsibilities in the Sinai Peninsula.
The
origins of the MFO can be found in the 1979 Treaty of Peace between Egypt
and Israel, the Camp David Accords".
Nearly 700 U.S.
soldiers participate in the MFO. Once again, I was humbled and honored to
meet the young men and women who are serving our country so far from
home. They perform with a great sense of pride in their
mission.
In Cyprus, the delegation met with the Cypriot Minister of
Defense, Christoforos Fokaides and visited key sites along the United
Nations buffer zone.
In Kiev, the delegation met with President
Petro Poroshenko and members of his cabinet.
Discussions centered
on the ongoing conflict with Russian-backed separatists in eastern
Ukraine.
The people and the government of Ukraine deserve praise
for their courageous defense of their independence and sovereignty in
the face of brutal attacks by Russian-armed separatists and Russian
soldiers.
This violence continues even after the Minsk ceasefire
went into effect.
In anticipation of further Russian efforts to
destabilize Ukraine and seize additional territory, I believe the
United States should approve additional measures to help Ukraine defend
its sovereign territory, including the transfer of lethal, defensive
weapons systems to the Ukrainian military.
I was accompanied on
the trip by Subcommittee Vice-Chair Rep. Kay Granger (TX),
Subcommittee Ranking Democratic Member, Rep. Pete Visclosky (IN), Rep. John
Carter (TX), Rep. Marcy Kaptur (OH), Rep. Ken Calvert (CA), Rep. Steve
Womack (AR), Rep. Steve Israel, (NY).
Iran Occupies
Iraq
While Washington focuses on Iran-U.S. nuclear
talks, the Islamic Republic is making a major but little-noticed strategic
advance. Irans forces are quietly occupying more of Iraq in a way
that could soon make its neighbor a de facto Shiite satellite of
Tehran. Read the excellent editorial in the Wednesday
Wall
Street Journal , Iran Occupies Iraq
here:
Contact
Information
WASHINGTON, D.C.
2306 Rayburn House Office
Building
Washington, DC 20515-3011
(202) 225-5034
NEW
JERSEY
30 Schuyler Place, Second Floor
Morristown, NJ
07960
(973) 984-0711
Update My Profile
-
Unsubscribe
-
Privacy
Policy
