Copyright (c) 1996-2015 Constant Contact. All rights reserved.
Except as permitted under a separate
written agreement with Constant Contact, neither the Constant Contact software, nor any content that appears on any Constant Contact site,
including but not limited to, web pages, newsletters, or templates may be reproduced, republished, repurposed, or distributed without the
prior written permission of Constant Contact.
For inquiries regarding reproduction or distribution of any Constant Contact material, please
contact legal@constantcontact.com.
Mike Kelly's Weekly E-Newsletter
March 6, 2015
Follow me on Twitter!
Visit my YouTube page!
Click here to subscribe to my weekly
E-newsletter
My Offices
ERIE DISTRICT OFFICE 208 E. Bayfront Parkway Suite 102 Erie, PA 16507 Phone: (814) 454-8190 Fax: (814) 454-8197
BUTLER DISTRICT OFFICE
101 East Diamond St Suite 218 Butler, PA
16001 Phone: (724) 282-2557
Fax: (724) 282-3682
SHARON DISTRICT OFFICE
33 Chestnut Street Sharon, PA
16146 Phone: (724) 342-7170 Fax: (724) 342-7242
WASHINGTON, DC OFFICE
1519 Longworth HOB Washington, DC 20515 Phone: (202) 225-5406 Fax: (202) 225-3103
CRAWFORD COUNTY OFFICE Every Wednesday 9:00 a.m. - 4:00 p.m. 908 Diamond Park Meadville, PA 16335
ARMSTRONG COUNTY OFFICE
Every Thursday 9:00 a.m. - 4:00 p.m. 300 South McKean Street Kittanning, PA 16201
LAWRENCE COUNTY
Every Friday 9:00 a.m. - 4: 00 p.m. Lawrence County Courthouse 430 Court Street New Castle, PA
16101
Dear Friend, Earlier this week I voted against the Senate's bill to fund the
Department of Homeland Security
since it did not include any measures to stop
President Obama's unconstitutional amnesty actions.
While some people called for a "clean" funding bill -- meaning no restrictions on the president's actions at all -- the Senate bill was anything but "clean"
since it included taxpayer funding for illegal activity, and
therefore I could not support it .
A truly clean DHS funding bill was
the one that was passed by my colleagues and I in the People's House
on January 13th.
Unfortunately, a small minority of Senators stubbornly stood in the way
of a vote on this bill and didn't even let the Senate debate it.
Remember: President Obama himself
has publicly stated on at least 22
occasions
that he does not have the authority to act unilaterally on
immigration. I, along with most Americans, agree: he does not have the
authority to rewrite our nation's laws.
The president's executive action is not only an overreach of his
power-it is a direct disregard for the will of the American people,
which is for their elected leaders -- Democrats and Republicans alike -- to work
together on smart, commonsense solutions for America.
Going forward, I will
continue to listen to you, my constituents, and keep fighting to protect our
citizens, uphold our Constitution, and defend our system of government.
Sincerely,
Rep. Kelly Attending Commemoration of 50th Anniversary of Selma March
Rep. Kelly arrived in Selma, Alabama, earlier today to participate in this weekend's
2015 Congressional Civil Rights Pilgrimage
to commemorate
the 50th anniversary
of Bloody Sunday, the Selma-to-Montgomery March, and the Voting Rights Act of 1965.
Statement by Rep. Kelly:
"Fifty years ago, a generation of the 20th century's bravest Americans fought for something they should never have had to fight for: basic freedom and equality before law, as envisioned by our founding Declaration. This weekend, it is my honor to be here at the site of that fight to pay tribute to the hard-fought victories that made our great nation even greater and stronger. I am personally proud to have my grandson George accompanying me so that he may witness this historic pilgrimage firsthand and may carry the experience with him - along with the solemn meaning beneath it all - until the march's 100th anniversary, and God willing, beyond."
COMING SOON
Rep.
Kelly to Host Live Tele-Town Hall for Constituents
w/IRS Experts on Filing Taxes
Rep. Kelly
will be hosting a special toll-free telephone town hall meeting next week for constituents to communicate with liaisons from the Internal Revenue Service (IRS) on the basics of filing individual income taxes.
WHO:
Representative Mike Kelly (PA-03)
With special guests:
Regis P. Bodnar -- Senior Stakeholder Relationship Tax Consultant, IRS
Frank Quinn -- IRS Governmental Liaison, Pennsylvania
WHEN:
Tuesday, March 10, 2015
|
6:00 - 7:30 PM
CALL-IN INFORMATION:
To participate, dial
877-228-2184
and enter event ID
19013
at the time of the event.
COMING SOON
Pennsylvania
Free File
Briefing and Demonstration
Rep. Kelly will be speaking at an upcoming public briefing to highlight and explain the
PA Free File
program for moderate and lower income taxpayers.
All are welcome to attend. Participation is free.
WHAT:
A free seminar on how to use
PA Free File ,
a public-private partnership that provides free online federal and state income tax preparation and e-filing services for eligible.
Opening remarks to be delivered by Rep. Kelly. Refreshments will be served.
WHEN:
Friday, March 13, 2015
12:30 PM: Registration begins 1:00 PM: Public briefing with Rep. Kelly 1:30 PM: Free File demonstration
WHERE:
Lawrence County Community Action Partnership
241 West Grant St.
New Castle, PA 16103
To RSVP, please contact Lori Baux at
MLBaux@gmail.com
or (202) 265-8148
BACKGROUND:
The Free File program
is a partnership between the IRS and name-brand tax software companies that provides eligible taxpayers (those with an income of $58,000 or less) free use of their tax software products. According to the
Computer & Communications Industry Association
(CCIA), Pennsylvania is one of 22 states (in addition to the District of Columbia) that sponsor a Free File program, allowing eligible residents to complete both their federal and state taxes easily and accurately. According to the IRS, 40 million taxpayers have prepared their federal returns through Free File services.
More information about Free File can be found
here ,
here , and
here .
Rep. Kelly Co-Founds Bipartisan House Retirement Security Caucus
On Monday, Rep. Kelly
-- a member of the House Ways and Means Subcommittee on Social Security -- issued the following statement announcing the creation of the Retirement Security Caucus in the House of Representatives, a bipartisan organization that he has officially co-founded with his co-chairman and fellow Ways and Means Committee member, Rep. Richard Neal (D-MA). The Senate Retirement Security Caucus is being co-chaired by Sens. Rob Portman (R-OH) and Ben Cardin (D-MD).
"I am proud to announce this new bipartisan, bicameral caucus to raise awareness about the importance of properly planning ahead for a safe and secure retirement. All Americans deserve to enjoy their later years in comfort and in peace of mind-and wallet. This caucus will heed the concerns of millions of Americans about achieving financial security in their retirement and ensure that federal policies are crafted to make such security as easy to realize as possible."
NOTE:
The primary mission of the House Retirement Security Caucus is to educate policy makers and the public about how national retirement policies can encourage Americans to save more money and plan more responsibly for their retirement. As the retirement income landscape has changed over the past few decades, recent studies confirm that many Americans are not saving enough for retirement, or are not saving at all.
Rep. Kelly Enlists House Freshmen in Fight to Stop UN Arms Trade Treaty
Sends letter to President Obama co-signed by 34 new members of
Congress expressing full opposition to treaty
Treaty threatens US sovereignty,
lawful firearm ownership,
and allies including Israel
On Tuesday, Rep. Kelly
issued the following statement after sending
a letter to President Obama co-signed by 34 new members of Congress
elected in 2014 to express unified opposition to the United Nations Arms Trade Treaty (ATT) - which has been signed by the Obama administration but never submitted to the U.S. Senate for ratification - and a firm commitment to deny any federal funding for the treaty's implementation.
Statement by Rep. Kelly:
"I thank and applaud each of these new representatives for joining the fight to stop this dangerous treaty. They join leaders in both parties and both houses of Congress in not only opposing the ATT but also vowing to use our power as legislators to prevent it from ever being unilaterally implemented by this or any future administration. Together, we will safeguard the Constitutional rights of all Americans and the security of our closest allies abroad by ensuring that the ATT is never permitted to affect our nation's policies."
Excerpts of
letter to President Obama :
On October 15, 2013, I had the honor to lead 181 members of Congress in
a bipartisan letter to you
opposing the ratification of the United Nations Arms Trade Treaty and its implementation in law. Today, an additional 34 members of Congress elected in 2014 join me in expressing their whole-hearted opposition to this treaty, based on the six concerns set out in that letter, which they fully support.
I note, with deep concern, that the Arms Trade Treaty is now being described as a global and legally binding treaty - whereas in fact it has only been ratified by 62 nations - that has as one of its main objectives the prevention of the diversion of firearms, which implies that treaty supporters seek to use it to impinge on the lawful ownership, use of, and trade in firearms.
...
As members of Congress, we pledge to support the Senate in opposing the ratification of this treaty, and we give notice that we do not regard the U.S. as bound to uphold its object and purpose.
Further, we regard this treaty as non-self-executing, and we oppose the passage of implementing legislation that is necessary for it to have any domestic effect. Lastly, as members of the House of Representatives, which is particularly invested with the power of the purse, we oppose the use of any funds to implement the Arms Trade Treaty.
Rep. Kelly Applauds Israeli Prime Minister Netanyahu's Address to Congress
Rep. Kelly issued the following statement on Tuesday regarding Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu's visit to Washington, DC, and his address to a joint meeting of Congress.
"This morning I was extraordinarily privileged to listen to the impassioned words of one of the world's most courageous leaders. Prime Minister Netanyahu's speech was stirring, urgent, and powerfully reflective of the times in which our countries live. He reminded the entire world that no matter the challenges at hand, and no matter where those challenges may come from, the people of Israel can always depend on their friends in the United States of America.
"Simply put, the enemies of Israel are the enemies of democracy and they must be confronted and defeated. Today the Prime Minister spoke with impressive moral clarity about our duty to stand up to the evil of radical Islam. It was refreshing to hear a leader speak so boldly not only about the need to thwart Iran's nuclear ambitions but also the resolve that must be summoned to do so. He was especially insightful and absolutely correct when he pointed out that 'when it comes to Iran and ISIS, the enemy of your enemy is your enemy.'
"I thank the Prime Minister for addressing Congress and pray that his words will move our nation's leaders to be strong, united, and relentless in our critical mission to stop a nuclear Iran and secure the survival of the Jewish state. History is all too clear about the consequences of weakness."
Rep. Kelly & Rep. Kaptur Announce the Bipartisan House Automotive Caucus
On Wednesday, Rep. Kelly and Rep. Marcy Kaptur (D-OH) announced that they will co-chair the bipartisan House Congressional Automotive Caucus during the 114th Congress. Created in 1983, the House Auto Caucus has a long history of reaching across the aisle to promote a strong and vibrant American automotive industry.
Supported by a diverse group of automotive associations, the House Auto Caucus will continue the tradition of working with industry stakeholders to educate Capitol Hill policy makers and advance a legislative agenda that encourages an innovative, competitive, and growing automotive sector.
Statement by Rep. Kelly:
"It is truly an honor to serve as the Republican co-chair of the House Auto Caucus. Having spent my entire life working in the auto industry, I know firsthand how crucial this sector is to our local and national economies. In my home state of Pennsylvania, the industry employs more than 250,000 men and women and provides nearly $5 billion in annual state revenues. As a car guy, I am very excited to have the opportunity to work with Rep. Kaptur and a growing group of committed members to help make our auto industry even stronger."
Statement by Rep. Kaptur:
"For many Americans, the auto industry is part of life, part of their community. No other industry drives so many retail jobs and so much commerce or is as closely linked to American manufacturing. In recent years, automotive manufacturing has played a critical role in the U.S. economic recovery and its success or failure is shared by families throughout the nation. In part because it is so central to the work of our nation, the auto industry is vulnerable to global forces and its security requires vigilant and concerted attention. That is why this Caucus is so important."
At 53 members and growing, the House Auto Caucus will also be led by Representatives Dan Kildee (D-MI) and Chuck Fleischmann (R-TN) who will serve as Vice Co-Chairs.
Represented by manufacturers, suppliers, dealers, and the many auto affiliated businesses, the automotive industry employees more than 8 million American workers and generates more than $500 billion in annual compensation.
The industry has a strong multiplier effect as it supports many other sectors through the purchase of raw materials, equipment, and services. Historically, the auto industry has contributed 3.5% of America's total gross domestic product. Under the leadership of Co-Chairs Kelly and Kaptur, the House Auto Caucus will work with members to build upon this tremendous growth and ensure a prosperous future for this vital industry.
Rep. Kelly & Sen. Enzi Introduce the Child Welfare Provider Inclusion Act
Head congressional effort to ensure children can continue to get care from people of faith
Faith-based organizations play an important role in communities across the country helping children in need. Unfortunately, there are some states preventing faith-based organizations from providing welfare services because of their religious beliefs, according to U.S Senator Mike Enzi, (R-WY) and Rep. Mike Kelly.
The lawmakers introduced legislation on Wednesday to ensure faith-based institutions and individuals can continue to provide services for those who need them.
For decades, adoption and foster care providers - secular, government-operated and faith-based - have worked side-by-side to serve infants, expectant mothers, adoptive and foster families, children, teens and families under economic and emotional pressure. The Child Welfare Provider Inclusion Act of 2015 would prevent providers of child welfare services from being excluded by states from offering these services based on their religious beliefs.
"Whether providing adoption services, foster care work or counseling for children, faith-based organizations shouldn't have to worry that they will be discriminated against because of their religious beliefs. This type of discrimination hurts the families and children who rely on these organizations most of all,"
said Enzi.
"This legislation will help ensure faith-based providers and individuals can continue to work alongside other agencies and organizations and that adoptive and foster parents have access to the provider of their choice."
"Faith-based organizations have always played an extraordinary role in caring for our nation's most vulnerable children. Millions of Americans are better off today because of their noble work,"
said Kelly.
"This commonsense bill simply ensures that these child welfare providers can keep doing what they do best and are treated the same as the rest. When it comes to helping kids and making families stronger, all service providers - religious or otherwise - should have a seat at the table. That's what this bill is about. It is 100 percent inclusive and child-focused. No provider should ever have to forfeit their First Amendment rights in order to create a better life for a child."
Adoption and foster care is intensely personal and emotional for all those concerned.
All participants, infants, children, teens and families involved have benefited from having a range of service options to best suit their emotional, spiritual, and financial needs and circumstances, according to Enzi and Kelly.
Click here to read the legislation .
Rep. Kelly Pays Tribute
to Father Theodore Hesburgh
of Notre Dame
Introduces bipartisan resolution, delivers tribute on House floor
On Wednesday,
Rep. Kelly joined Rep. Jackie Walorski (R-IN) and Sens. Joe Donnelly (D-IN) and Dan Coats (R-IN) in introducing a concurrent resolution to honor the life of Father Theodore Hesburgh, president of the University of Notre Dame from 1952 to 1987, who passed away on February 26, 2015. Rep. Kelly -- a member of the Notre Dame Class of 1970 -- also honored Fr. Hesburgh with a speech on the floor of the House of Representatives.
READ THE RESOLUTION HERE
WATCH REP. KELLY'S FLOOR SPEECH HERE
Statement by Rep. Kelly:
"Father Hesburgh lived an extraordinary life-one marked by devotion to
God, dedication to country, and steadfast support for the community he
loved so dearly. As president of Notre Dame for 35 years, he transformed
Catholic higher education in America and was a powerful moral voice in
national affairs and the world.
Over the course of his life, he
faithfully served under four Popes and nine presidential administrations
and received 150 honorary degrees, the most ever awarded to a single
individual. Through it all, Fr. Hesburgh was a dedicated public servant
grounded by deep faith, love for the poor, and a fundamental belief in
the human rights of all people. Our resolution will honor the life and
memory of Fr. Hesburgh, and the great things he achieved for so many."
Rep. Kelly Sends Letter of Support to US Ambassador to South Korea Following Attack
Kelly is Co-Chairman of Congressional Korea Caucus
On Thursday, Rep. Kelly -- a co-chairman of the Congressional Caucus on Korea -- sent a letter of support to Mark W. Lippert, Ambassador of the United States to the Republic of Korea, following
Wednesday's knife attack . Text of
Rep. Kelly's letter
to Ambassador Lippert:
It was with profound shock that I learned of the horrific attack on you in the course of your duties yesterday in Seoul. As a Co-Chairman of the Congressional Caucus on Korea, I want to convey my thoughts and prayers to you on a full and speedy recovery. Please know that my colleagues in the Congress also share in the sentiment of our collective support for you and your family during this difficult time.
As you're well aware, the U.S.-Korea alliance is the linchpin of America's foreign and national security policy in Asia. You stand at the forefront of this key relationship and I wish to commend you for your good work in both strengthening and enlarging it.
Once again, please accept my best wishes on your recovery and thank you for your incredible service to our great nation.
A copy of Rep. Kelly's letter can be viewed here .
Forward this email This email was sent to dj724530@gmail.com by
thomas.qualtere@mail.house.gov
|
Update Profile/Email Address
|
Rapid removal with
SafeUnsubscribe &trade;
|
Privacy Policy . The Office of Representative Mike Kelly
|
1519 Longworth House Office Building
|
Washington
|
DC
|
20515
