
E-news Sign-up
Sunday March 22, 2015
CONTACT STEVEN
Continuing Mississippi Tradition
In Case You
Missed It...
Palazzo gets Appropriations Committee spot in U.S. House
S un Herald
"I am pleased to learn that Rep. Palazzo is joining the House Appropriations Committee," Ingalls President Brian Cuccias said. "During these times of tight federal budgets, it is important to have our region's interests represented, and I'm glad that Rep. Palazzo will be fighting for us on this critical committee."
Palazzo: Delay of ATF bullet ban 'smart move'
WDAM
"The Bureau of Alcohol, Tobacco and Firearms this week announced it was delaying a ban on a popular type of rifle ammunition. It's a decision
Congressman Steven Palazzo
calls a, "smart move."
Follow Congressman Palazzo on his South Mississippi tour
Examiner.com
He's a tough guy to keep up with and Mississippi's 4th Congressional District Representative Steven Palazzo proved that to the Gulf Coast Examiner during his recent constituent visit across Southern Mississippi.
Washington, D.C.
This week I was appointed to serve on the
House Committee on Appropriations .
Mississippi has a long history of appropriators in Congress,
and I am honored to be selected to continue that tradition.
No one can truly fill the shoes of my friend Alan Nunnelee, but I will work to uphold the values he held so dear by fighting for Mississippi and for our country every single day.
South Mississippi
Before heading back to Washington, D.C. on Monday morning, I made a stop in Long Beach to tour Leidos' state-of-the-art Research, Development, Integration, and Production facility.
I enjoyed getting to see firsthand their programs and ongoing projects.
Theyve had a powerful presence on the Gulf Coast for over 30 years, and I look forward to their continued success and investment in South Mississippi.
Constituent Visits
This week a student from South Mississippi, William Robinson, visited my Washington, DC office.
It's always great to see South Mississippians in DC!
If you're planning a trip to Washington, DC, my office can also assist you with various tours and tickets to area sites, including the United States Capitol Building.
To receive assistance or for more information please visit
my website .
I also hope you'll stop
by my Washin gton, DC office to say hello!
As always, if we can be of any assistance please call or visit my office.
For more updates I encourage you to connect with me on
facebook ,
t witter ,
or by visiting m y
website .
In Your Service,
Steven M. Palazzo
NOTE: Please DO NOT respond to this email as this inbox is unattended. To contact my office please
click here
UNSUBSCRIBE
|
PRIVACY POLICY
|
CONTACT US
Click Here Click Here