
[if (gte mso 9)]>
<![endif]
Rep. Bob Goodlatte
Enforcement Comes First
There are many issues
plaguing our nation&rsquo;s immigration system, but the biggest problem is that immigration laws are not enforced. While presidents of both parties
have not fully enforced our immigration laws, President Obama has made several moves to unilaterally gut them altogether. In order to protect against
this, it is essential that any immigration reform start with enforcement.
Over the last several weeks, the House Judiciary Committee, which I chair, has
approved four bills focused on enforcement of the law.
These bills
would strengthen the interior enforcement of our immigration laws, remove the ability of the President to unilaterally shut down immigration
enforcement, ensure jobs are preserved for American citizens and legal workers, reform the United States&rsquo; asylum laws, and make sure
unaccompanied alien minors who make the dangerous trek to the U.S. are safely returned home.
By refusing to enforce the law, the President&rsquo;s immigration policies collectively undermine our immigration system
and send the message to the world that our laws can be violated without consequence. These four bills end many of the Obama Administration&rsquo;s
disastrous polices that wreak havoc on our immigration system and strengthen the interior enforcement of our immigration laws. I hope that the full
House of Representatives will take up these bills soon. We must ensure enforcement of our immigration laws before we can address other broken aspects
of the system.
Read more on these bills in my full weekly
column.
Congressional Art Competition Deadline Approaching
There is just one month left
until the April 22 deadline for submissions to the Congressional Art Competition. All high school students who reside in the Sixth Congressional
District are invited to participate. The winner's artwork will be on display in the U.S. Capitol for one year!
Piedmont Mill by Briannah Ecklund, the Sixth District's 2014 winner,
hangs in the U.S. Capitol.
Each year I am impressed by the skills of young artists in the Sixth Congressional
District, and I look forward to reviewing this year&rsquo;s submissions. I encourage students to pick up their paint brushes and pencils and submit
their original artwork by April 22. For information on the competition,
please visit my website.
Next Week: Wrecking the Internet to Save It?
That's the question raised by the FCC's recent rules issued on net
neutrality. On Wednesday, March 25, at 10AM, the House Judiciary Committee will hold a hearing to examine these rules and the impacts they will have
on Internet service, including cost and choice for consumers.
The
Internet doesn&rsquo;t need an inflexible &lsquo;one-size-fits-all&rsquo; government mandate to ensure net neutrality. You can
watch the hearing live
on the Committee's website.
In the News...
News Virginian :
Goodlatte joins legal brief against
president
ATF Director
Resigns --
Goodlatte:
It
is clear the ATF needs a change in leadership to repair its tarnished image.
Goodlatte to Secretary Johnson:
Changes Needed to Reduce Fraud in Immigration
System
# # #
www.Goodlatte.House.Gov
This message was
generated from an unattended mailbox.
Should you have further questions, please visit the &quot; Contact Bob &quot;
section of my website or call my office at (202) 225-5431.
This message was intended for:
dj724530@gmail.com
You were added to the system November 2, 2013.
For more information
click here .
Update your preferences
Unsubscribe
|
Unsubscribe via email
