 Mail
begin
If you are having trouble viewing this message or
would like to share it on a social network, you can
view the message online .
February 09, 2015
Unsubscribe
Update My Profile
Website
|
About Doug
|
Constituent
Services
|
Issues &amp; Legislation
|
News
|
Contact Doug
Stars and Stripes
Op-Ed: Obama policies weaken military, embolden
enemies
2/9/15
Please take a few minutes to read my latest Op-Ed that
appeared in Stars and Stripes discussing the failures of President
Obama's foreign policy:
"Obama
policies weaken military, embolden enemies"
By Congressman Doug Lamborn
I believe in a smarter kind of American leadership. We lead
best when we combine military power with strong diplomacy; when we
leverage our power with coalition building; when we dont let our fears
blind us to the opportunities that this new century presents. Thats
exactly what were doing right now ?? and around the globe, it is making
a difference.
President
Barack Obama, Jan. 20
President
Obama made that bold pronouncement in his State of the Union address.
Unfortunately, the reality of the Obama administration is the exact
opposite: Obamas weak foreign policy is masking how much damage his cuts
to our military are doing.
The weakness of the presidents foreign policy is painfully obvious. He
wont stand with our allies like France when they are hurting. He is
sacrificing our relationship with Israel in a vain attempt to befriend
Iran. He left our friends in Ukraine to their own devices as Russians
invaded their country. Obama draws lines in the sand, and then
immediately ignores them, making them meaningless to every nation in the
world. Even his supposed foreign policy successes, like Libya, have
devolved into disasters because of the politically motivated decision to
lead from behind. Simply put, Obama is alienating our allies and aiding
our enemies.
Even liberal
foreign policy leaders are growing more critical of Obamas foreign policy.
Leslie Gelb, a Carter and Clinton administration official and former
president of the Council on Foreign Relations, recently wrote: The
Obama team lacks the basic instincts and judgment necessary to conduct
U.S. national security policy in the next two years. Its simply too
dangerous to let Mr. Obama continue as is
with his current team and
his way of making decisions.
The other dangerous facet to this failed foreign policy is how it is
hiding the harm being done by the presidents draconian cuts to our
military. For example, previous presidents of both parties likely would
have sent an aircraft carrier into the Black Sea or the Baltic Sea to
respond to Russian aggression. However, Obamas budget cuts have made
this extremely difficult
we simply dont have enough aircraft carriers
today. In fact, as I write this, we have one aircraft carrier deployed
in the Middle East, and thats it. We have no carriers in the
Mediterranean Sea as Libya dissolves and the threat of al-Qaida grows across
northern Africa. No carriers in the Indian Ocean. Even though there
has supposedly been a pivot to the Pacific, reports now show that over
a third of the time, there is no carrier in the Pacific Ocean. The
bad actors in the western Pacific can sleep more easily, knowing that we
are not there.
Unfortunately,
what is true of aircraft carriers is also true of other vital
military assets like bombers and advanced fighter aircraft, or missile
defense and special operations units
because Obama has been decimating the
defense budget, cutting the number of personnel in our military and
cutting the aircraft, ships and equipment those men and women in
uniform need to fight and win.
A
smaller military can only be stretched for so long before it becomes
hollow, leaving soldiers without training, airmen without aircraft, and
servicemen and women struggling with overly long
deployments.
A smaller military means that the
enemies of America have more freedom to plot, plan and execute destructive
actions against our interests and
allies.
In his State of the Union speech, Obama claimed to be
connecting military power with strong diplomacy. The truth is that the
president is weakening our military and failing at
diplomacy.
Even worse, Obamas incoherent foreign
policy is hiding the true impact of defense budget cuts. The president
fails to grasp that a weakened military will lead to weakened
diplomacy, which will lead to increased risk to the United States. The purpose
for a strong military is not to make war, but to prevent war by
reinforcing diplomacy. As President Ronald Reagan famously said, we want
peace through strength. The enemies of America will take diplomacy much
more seriously if the United States and our allies have a powerful and
credible military.
Congress
must stand up in a bipartisan fashion against Obamas foreign policy
and defense failures. The presidents dangerous combination of failed
foreign policy and devastating defense cuts must be opposed at every
turn.
If we want true peace, we
must be strong diplomatically and militarily. This has worked for
America in the past and will work again in the
future.
Contact Info
WASHINGTON OFFICE
2402 Rayburn HOB
Washington, DC
20515
Phone: (202) 225-4422
Fax: (202) 226-2638
DISTRICT OFFICE
1125
Kelly Johnson Blvd., Suite 330
Colorado Springs, CO 80920
Phone: (719) 520-0055
Fax: (719) 520-0840
DISTRICT OFFICE
415 Main Street
Buena Vista, CO 81211
Phone:
(719) 520-0055
Fax: (719) 520-0840
Update My
Profile
-
Unsubscribe
-
Privacy Policy
gateway mail end
