
If you are having trouble viewing this message or would like to share
it on a social network, you can
view the message online .
Home
|
About
|
How Can I
Help?
|
Media
|
Issues
|
The 6th District
Insults Over
Answers
Dear Friends:
When confronted with
serious criticism, the Obama administration prefers to strike back at its
critics rather than address the issue at hand. The most arrogant
administration in our lifetime, they are seemingly incapable of feeling
shame.
I experienced this first hand while
pressing the VA Secretary for answers this week about continued VA failures
in Colorado. Rather than provide direct answers to my questions the
Secretary preferred to shift blame, claim he was offended by my
questions, and resort to obnoxious insults, challenging me with the question:
Ive run a large company, sir, what have you
done?
Its unfortunate, but not surprising coming out of the VA.
Whistleblowers across the VA have been ignored, insulted or even threatened
when they brought forward serious allegations of fraud and
misconduct.
Today the White House Press Secretary
claimed my criticism of the administration was rooted in a desire to simply
be an antagonist to the Obama administration.
Frankly, I couldn't care less if the Secretary or President are
offended by my tough questions
I believe its my duty to ask them.
As a Marine Corps combat veteran, and the only
Member of Congress to serve in both Iraq wars, I feel a special bond
with my fellow veterans. I feel especially obligated to ensure our
nation honors our obligations to the men and women who have sacrificed
greatly in defense of this nation.
The Obama
administration prefers insults. I prefer answers. And I will keep asking
them until they get answered.
Sincerely,
Mike Coffman
U.S.
Representative
If you
would like to sign up to receive regular email updates from Mike,
please visit
this
link
$ 18,128,054,479,312
Share on Facebook
Share on Twitter
Share on LinkedIn
VA
director's whistleblower threat outrages
congressman
By: Melissa
Blasius
9
News
Published February 12, 2015
A Colorado
congressman is calling for a broader investigation into wrongdoing at the Denver
Veterans Affairs Hospital after the hospital director made "veiled
threats" to potential whistleblowers.
"Once you talk to the
media, you are on your own. The VA does not support you." Director
Lynette Roff said in an employee meeting on Jan. 30. "Once you are in hot
water, nobody will help you."
9Wants to Know obtained a
recording of the meeting, in which Roff also discussed a secret patient
waiting list exposed in an earlier 9Wants to Know
report.
"Director Roff's threats are exactly what is wrong with the leadership
at the VA," said
Rep. Mike Coffman , (R-Aurora), a
Marine Corps combat veteran. "We owe a great deal of gratitude to the
whistleblowers across the VA. Without them, many of the worst cases of
corruption and mismanagement would never have been uncovered had they not
had the courage to step forward."
Coffman
says he is now asking for an expanded independent federal
investigation of the VA's Eastern Colorado Health Care System. He wants that
probe to include a look at any efforts to stifle whistleblowers.
Nationally, the Department of Veterans Affairs has a Whistleblower Protection
Program.
The VA Rocky Mountain Network, the regional VA
office that oversees the Denver area, told 9Wants to Know it "fully
supports" an employee's right to raise any issue forward.
"While
we encourage employees to raise concerns within the organization to
allow us the opportunity to address issues," a regional office
spokeswoman said in an email, "we acknowledge and support their right to engage
the media or their elected officials. We are in 100% support of the
VA's Whistleblower protection policy."
Roff has repeatedly
denied interview requests from 9WTK, which had aired several reports
about delays in care. A VA hospital spokesman initially denied the
existence of secret patient waiting lists. Later, Roff confirmed that an
unauthorized patient list did exist in the hospital's sleep lab in 2011
and 2012, but she says calling is "secret" is a mischaracterization.
She recently announced she will retire March 1.
"Change at
the VA has been far too slow in coming from the top down, but thanks to
whistleblowers it can come from the bottom up,"
Coffman
said.
He is a co-sponsor for a bill that would expand
existing whistleblower protections. The Veterans Affairs Retaliation
Prevention Act of 2015 would establish mandatory discipline for VA
employees who retaliate against
whistleblowers.
Coffman
also promised to personally protect and watch out for any
veteran willing to come forward, in the media or otherwise, with evidence
of wrongdoing in the Department of Veterans
Affairs.
White House calls Coffman 'agressive
antagonist'
By:
Melissa Blasius and Brandon Rittiman
9 News
Published February 13,
2015
The White House is
calling
Rep. Mike Coffman
(R-Aurora) a "pretty
aggressive antagonist" after a heated exchange between the congressman and
the Secretary of Veterans Affairs.
In a budget hearing Wednesday,
Coffman
and VA Secretary Robert McDonald sparred over the delayed construction
of a new VA hospital in Aurora.
During the
discussion , McDonald said, "I've run a large company, sir. What have you
done?"
Coffman
is a former combat Marine who served in both Iraq wars. He
also served as Colorado's Treasurer and Secretary of State before
being elected to Congress. McDonald, also a veteran, is the former CEO of
Procter &amp; Gamble.
Concerned Veterans of America have called the McDonald's remarks
"disrespectful," "inexcusable" and something that "requires a formal
apology."
It does not appear
that apology is forthcoming, based on comments from White House
spokesman Josh Earnest to 9NEWS Political Reporter Brandon Rittiman on
Friday.
"I know
Congressman Coffman
likes to style himself as a pretty
aggressive antagonist of the Obama Administration," said Earnest. "That may be
good politics, but that's certainly not going to solve problems for
our veterans."
Earnest
also said Sect. McDonald has made "tremendous progress in reforming
bureaucracy.""Contrary to the White House's spin,
Mike
Coffman
had more of his bills signed into law by President Obama last
Congress than the rest of the Colorado delegation combined," said
Coffman spokesman Tyler Sandberg. "But Mike's not going to roll over and
play dead while this administration tries to gloss over its scandalous
record on veteran's issues. We've got half-built, behind-schedule
veteran's hospitals across the nation, and veterans are literally dying on
medical waiting lists while bureaucrats play cover-up."
The Next Constituent One-on-One
Meeting
U.S. Rep. Mike Coffman will meet one-on-one with constituents
at the Smoky Hill Library, 5430 South Biscay Circle,
Centennial,
CO
80015 on Saturday, February 14th, from 10:00AM to
11:30AM.
Constituents are invited to come to the library to
meet with Rep. Coffman and discuss issues that are important to
them.
This event is open only to residents of the 6th
Congressional
District.
Washington Office
2443 Rayburn HOB
Washington, D.C. 20515
Phone: (202) 225-7882
Fax: (202) 226-4623
District
Office
Cherry Creek Place IV
3300 S. Parker Road, Suite #305
Aurora, CO 80014
Phone: (720) 748-7514
Fax: (720)
748-7680
Unsubscribe
|
Update My
Profile
|
Privacy Policy
