
If
you are having trouble viewing this message or would like to share it
on a social network, you can
view the message online .
March 17, 2015
Biography
|
Contact Us
|
Constituent Services
|
Issues
|
Newsroom
|
District Map
Dear
Friend,
During this tax filing
season, please be aware there are a number of tax credits and deductions
that benefit low and middle income Americans and their families. In this
newsletter, I have highlighted two of the most widely used credits in
our district. You will also find information regarding why I do not
support the current version of the Elementary and Secondary Education
Act (ESEA) reauthorization bill, my co-introduction of the Farm to
School Act of 2015, and the U.S. Army Corps of Engineers hearing on
open-lake dredging.
Have a good
week,
Marcia L.
Fudge
Member of Congress
Farm to School Act of 2015
On February 25, I was pleased to co-introduce the Farm
to School Act of 2015, expanding the U.S. Department of Agriculture's
successful grant program of the same name. This bill will bring Farm
to School programs to preschools, after-school programs and summer
food service sites, and increase annual funding from $5 million to $15
million. Farm to School helps children and youth develop good eating
habits that reduce the risk of childhood obesity and related health risks
such as diabetes and heart disease. It also targets increased
participation from new, veteran, and socially-disadvantaged farmers and
ranchers. This program is good for our kids and good for Americas farmers.
View the fact sheet to learn more.
Tax Credits
The Earned Income Tax Credit (EITC) is available
to people who earned $52,427 or less in 2014. In the
11th District, more than 89,000 people filed for the credit in 2013, receiving an
average refund of $2,716 from the IRS. The EITC is available to
qualifying wage earners with or without children, and the amount varies
with income and family size. Due to changes in EITC financial, marital or
parental requirements, you may be eligible even if you were not
before. Please remember, receiving the EITC is not automatic, so those who
qualify
must
file and claim the credit to get
it.
Another important tax tool is the Child Tax Credit (CTC). According to
the U.S. Census Bureau, the CTC and EITC lifted more children out of
poverty than any other federal program. The CTC was expanded through
the American Taxpayer Relief Act, but it will expire in 2017 unless
Congress acts. I will be co-sponsoring a bill this year to make the CTC
expansion permanent, so two million children do not fall back into
poverty. In the meantime, I hope you will explore whether this tax credit
is available to you.
U.S. Army Corps of Engineers
(USACE) Dredging
Hearing
On February 17, the U.S. Army Corps of Engineers (USACE) held
a public hearing in Cleveland on its proposal to dispose of sediment
dredged from Cleveland Harbor in 2015. The new proposal does not
include dumping contaminated sediment into the open waters of Lake Erie as
USACE had originally recommended. The State of Ohio refused to grant
permits for open lake dumping and I fully supported the states
position. I also support USACE's mission to maintain navigation channels from
the Cuyahoga River to Lake Erie, but there must be conscious,
coordinated efforts to minimize the risk dredging poses to the millions of
people who depend on a healthy lake. Lake Erie is the source of drinking
water for 11 million people and a vital natural resource that supports
commerce and recreation. I submitted written testimony urging USACE
to work closely with the State of Ohio to develop responsible disposal
plans for future years. Dredging is vital to stimulating and
sustaining our economic growth, but we must do it right.
ESEA Reauthorization
Every student in
America has a right to a quality education, but H.R. 5 - the current
version of the Elementary and Secondary Education Act (ESEA)
reauthorization bill - does not protect that right. Instead, it represents a
significant step backwards in meeting the educational needs of low-income
children by allowing states to redirect Title I funds from high-poverty
to low-poverty schools. In Cleveland, the possible loss of $14.1
million from the $55 million its schools currently receive is the tenth
worst cut in the nation. H.R. 5 fails the children ESEA was intended
to help, which is why I fought to amend it in committee ( pictured
above ). I refuse to fail our students and their families. They
deserve better, and I will work to ensure that is what they
get.
Find me on Facebook, Twitter,
Instagram and YouTube:
AIPAC Students Meet With Congresswoman Fudge
This month I met with
students, local, and Ohio representatives of AIPAC (American Israel
Public Affairs Committee). These young people, our nation's next
generation of leaders, were impressive. It was a pleasure to meet with them
and have an engaging dialogue.
Rep. Fudge Visits Selma
I was proud to be among those
gathered on the Edmund Pettus Bridge on March 7, 2015 to mark the 50th
anniversary of "Bloody Sunday." Together we honored the legacy of those
600 brave Americans who marched in Selma for the right to vote.
Scam Alert: IRS Imposter Scams
Internal Revenue Service imposter scams
are on the rise.
In this scam, callers claiming to be from the
IRS threaten a lawsuit or arrest to intimidate you into sending them
money.
To protect yourself and your identity, never give your
personal or financial information over the phone.
If you have
concerns about owing money to the IRS, check with the IRS directly at
1-800-829-1040.
Learn the warning signs
here.
Thank You! Wow! Since writing you last night, I have
received a call from the Medicaid office and my application has now
been processed.
I cant thank you enough for helping to expedite
the process.
D.
M., Cleveland
I received
my Federal IRA tax overpayment refund check in the mailI appreciate
whatever it was you did - as their lengthy delay for repeated,
continual review of my return, coincidentally came to an end once you
contacted them on my behalf.
Much appreciated!
D. V., Broadview
Heights
Contact
Info
Washington, DC Office
2344 Rayburn House
Office Building
Washington, D.C. 20515
Phone: (202)
225-7032
Fax: (202) 225-1339
District Office - Cuyahoga County
4834 Richmond Road, Suite 150
Warrensville Heights, OH 44128
Phone: (216) 522-4900
Fax: (216) 522-4908
District Office - Summit County
1225 Lawton Street
Akron, OH
44320
Phone: (330) 835-4758
Fax: (330)
835-4863
Unsubscribe
|
Update My
Profile
|
Privacy Policy
gateway mail end
