
Photo of the Week:
North Carolinas Second District has received more wintry precipitation this season than usual. Driving conditions have been dangerous in many counties, so I hope all of you stayed safe and warm during last week's snow storm.
Weekly Update:
This past week, our president made the decision to place politics ahead of common-sense policy
when he vetoed the Keystone Pipeline . This veto stalls an opportunity that would boost jobs and advance our nations economic
growth- and despite rigorous environmental analyses and a series of extensive reviews, he made the baffling choice to veto. I remain disappointed by his decision, but please be assured that this fight is far from over.
The House of Representatives focused this week on enacting conservative educational reforms. As a mother, I know how important it is that we focus our attention and efforts on strengthening our educational system. This past week, the House passed H.R. 529, which helps hardworking families save for their childrens college education fundbe it technical, community, or a 4-year university. We want to reward those who play by the rules and ensure that every student in every school receives an excellent education.
I hope you and your families stay safe and warm during this winter weather.
Snow Scenes from Around the District:
Pictured above is the First Baptist Church of Dunn. This was the gorgeous view
from our Dunn District Office one morning this past week.
The Second District was transformed into a beautiful winter wonderland this week. The above photo was taken in Randolph County showing Thursdays 8-inch snowfall in Asheboro.
Securing our Nation's Energy Needs
I wrote an opinion piece for a publication called
Roll Call , and I criticized the president for his shaky efforts in securing our nation's energy needs.
Click here
to read the full piece.
"The House of Representatives has continuously voted to promote American energy independence
only to find this administration standing in the way... If we are to reach energy independence, we have to start by enacting policies that enhance energy production from all sources and reduce regulatory hurdles. If America is going to continue as the world's energy superpower, we must take advantage of our energy resources and move forward."
Congressional Art Competition
If you know a high school student in the Second District interested in
submitting their artwork for the 2015 Congressional Art Competition,
the
deadline for submissions to my office is April 3, 2015. You can find
additional information by clicking here
or by contacting my Dunn office at 910-230-1910.
WEBSITE
|
UNSUBSCRIBE
|
CONTACT
Click Here Click Here