
E-news Sign-up
Sunday March 15, 2015
CONTACT STEVEN
South Mississippi
It was great to be back in South Mississippi this week!
I had the privilege of participating in events, meeting with constituents, and visiting towns and businesses across the 4 th
District.
From the Pine Belt to the Gulf Coast, I enjoyed having the opportunity to listen, speak, and celebrate with South Mississippians.
Hattiesburg WWII Veteran Receives Medals
This week, we held a ceremony at Camp Shelby honoring Mr. Travis Johnson of Hattiesburg where I presented him with the Army of Occupation Medal with the Germany clasp and the European-African-Middle East Campaign Medal with 3 bronze stars for his service in the 311th Infantry Brigade.
Todays freedoms were borne on the backs of our military and their selfless sacrifice as well as the sacrifices of their families. I was proud to present these medals and decorations to a fellow soldier and a proud son of Mississippi.
Meals on Wheels
The City of Hattiesburg has declared March as March for Meals Month to raise awareness and show support for the Meals on Wheels program.
Meals on Wheels is a program at Christian Services that brings hot meals and warm smiles to older adults and homebound individuals in the City of Hattiesburg and its surrounding areas.
Wednesday, I visited their facilities in Hattiesburg and had the privilege of working alongside the men and women who make these deliveries possible.
I commend Christian Services and the volunteers who work tirelessly to ensure that the Meals on Wheels program is a success!
Around South Mississippi
In Lucedale on Monday, I stopped
in for a visit to Edwards Discount Drugs before attending the Lucedale Rotary meeting.
After the meeting I met with officials at the Mississippi Gulf Coast Community College and toured their George County Campus.
I had the privilege of speaking at the ADP First Friday breakfast in Hattiesburg.
Then I headed over to Purvis to attend the
John Hill Law Enforcement First Friday Luncheon.
As always, it was a great day in Jones County!I enjoyed attending the Jones County Republican Womens meeting, as well as my time spent seeing the members of the Laurel Kiwanis Club.
I ended the week attending a graduation ceremony at Maxwell Air Force Base where my very own Deputy Chief of Staff, Hunter Lipscomb, graduated from Officer Training School.
It gives me great pride to congratulate now Lieutenant, Hunter Lipscomb, on his graduation from OTS and his commissioning as an officer in the Mississippi Air National Guard.
Finally, I hope you will each take a moment to pray for our law enforcement officers and their families across the country.
This has been a tough week for those who protect and serve, from Ferguson, Missouri to right here at home in Hurley, Mississippi.
Thank you to all of those who wear the uniform in defense of your fellow citizens.
In Your Service,
Steven M. Palazzo
NOTE: Please DO NOT respond to this email as this inbox is unattended. To contact my office please
click here
UNSUBSCRIBE
|
PRIVACY POLICY
|
CONTACT US
Click Here Click Here