
Miller Newsletter
March 1, 2015
In the News
President Obama Vetoes Keystone Pipeline
The Presidents decision to thwart Congress and ignore the will of the American people by vetoing the approval of Keystone XL is a clear and troubling indication that the President is more interested in pursuing partisan politics during his last years in office than he is in working with Congress and the American people.
Keystone XL has been in the works for more than six years, and during this time, it has been extensively vetted by communities, local and state officials, the Presidents own State Department, and numerous outside groups.
Despite the disparate nature of these groups, the conclusion is clear: Keystone XL will create tens of thousands of jobs, bring nearly a million barrels of oil a day to our country, generate billions in investment, help spur economic growth for small businesses, and work towards achieving the North American energy independence that is necessary to help reduce energy costs for consumers.
Given the enormous positive impact of Keystone XL, it is no wonder that polls consistently show that a vast majority of Americans support the project, and, in the days since the President vetoed the bill, American citizens, businesses and newspapers have all come out strongly against the Presidents decision and in favor of finally beginning this job-creating project.
While the House has been busy working to put the American peoples priorities into action, passing nearly 50 bills in the first weeks of this new Congress, the President has decided he would like to see how his veto pen feels.
In his first six years in office, the President issued just two vetoes.
Now, however, in less than two months he has already vetoed Keystone XL and threatened to veto more than a dozen other bills, despite the fact that most of these bills, like Keystone XL, passed with bipartisan support.
House Republicans made a commitment to the American people to do the peoples work.
Despite the Presidents intransigence, we will continue to do this work and keep the pressure on the Administration, and when it comes to Keystone XL, the fight is far from over.
Miller Media Clips
To read some recent press clips highlighting my work on behalf of Florida's First Congressional District and our Nations veterans and servicemembers, click on the links below:
Veterans propose major changes in VA health care
House committee agrees to field hearing in Tomah
VA employee reforms, good or not, could be road map for other agencies
Washington Update
Department of Homeland Security Appropriations Act, 2015
In accordance with our promise to act decisively to counter the President's illegal executive amnesty, the House passed legislation in early January to fund the Department of Homeland Security (DHS) for the remainder of the fiscal year.
This bill, H.R.240, would keep a crucial component of our national security running, while also taking strong steps to stop the Presidents executive amnesty by defunding it and prohibiting any federal funds from being used to carry out, administer, or enforce executive amnesty.
Immigration is a key issue that millions of Americans are concerned about.
I am firmly opposed to rewarding millions of individuals who have broken our immigration laws with amnesty, and I believe we must fully enforce the laws we have on the books and secure our borders.
President Obama and his allies have a completely different view on the matter.
Under our constitutional system of government, the place to address this issue is in Congress, to allow the peoples representatives in the House and Senate to do their jobs.
But instead of debating this issue, the President has, once again, gone it alone and issued a wide-sweeping executive order that doesnt even pass the smell test.
Meanwhile, after seemingly spending his entire tenure as Senate Majority Leader labeling Republicans as obstructionists, Harry Reid and his cadre of Senate Democrats have shown the American people a true example of what obstructionism looks like, blocking consideration of H.R.240, the House-passed DHS funding bill, on at least 5 separate occasions.
Just one day before funding for DHS was set to elapse, Senator Reid said of House Republicans, If they send over a bill with all the riders in it, theyve shut down the government. Were not going to play games.
I would suggest to Senator Reid that what we are doing isnt playing games; what we are doing is following constitutional procedure by passing a bill in the House and sending it over to the Senate.
If Senate Democrats think it is right for the President to act unilaterally on immigrationwhich the President himself said he did not have the constitutional authority to do on more than twenty occasionsthen they ought to stand up on the Senate Floor and defend the Presidents actions.
With Senate Democrats blocking consideration of H.R.240, the House acted to pass a one-week short-term Continuing Resolution (CR) to prevent a shutdown of DHS.
It is unfortunate that Senate Democrats would rather give cover to the Presidents illegal actions and push us to the brink of a shutdown of DHS than debate the Presidents actions in a constitutional light.
As I have also said on numerous occasions, governing by CRs is not the best way to ensure that funding our government receives the proper level of responsible scrutiny needed to ensure taxpayer funds are being spent judiciously.
Nonetheless, I voted for the one-week DHS Continuing Resolution because I do not believe that shutting down the department and leaving an even larger vacuum for the Administration to exert further influence over immigration policy is the best course of action.
I will continue to combat the obstructionist legislative procedures displayed by Democrat leadership as best I can to ensure our borders are secure, our immigration laws are dutifully enforced, and our Constitution is not trampled on by an out-of-control Administration.
House Passes
H.R.1020, the STEM Education Act of 2015
In an ever more competitive global economy, it is more crucial than ever that we support the teaching of critical subjects in the science, technology, engineering, and math (STEM) fields.
Last week, the House passed H.R.1020, the
STEM Education Act of 2015 , which would strengthen current STEM education efforts taking place outside the classroom and to ensure that computer science is included in these efforts.
To achieve this, H.R.1020 directs the National Science Foundation (NSF) to continue awarding competitive merit-reviewed grants for STEM education that takes place outside the classroom.
This helps keep students engaged in STEM and encourages them to pursue careers in these fields.
Additionally, the bill expands access to allow teachers pursuing Masters degrees to participate in the NSFs Master Teaching Fellowship program.
I voted in support of H.R.1020, which passed the House by a vote of 412-8.
House Passes H.R.529, To amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to improve 529 plans
One of the key tools utilized by parents to help save for their childrens higher education expenses is through the 529 savings plan, which allows parents to put away money tax-free for qualified higher-education expenses. With an ever greater emphasis on utilizing technology as an integral tool in higher education, many students today need access to the computer equipment and software needed to make the most of their higher education experience, and that is why the House passed H.R.529 last week. This bill would expand the definition of qualified higher-education expenses for 529 plans to include computers, computer software and peripheral equipment, as well as expenses for Internet access and related services. Computer technology is an essential component of todays higher education landscape, and expanding the 529 savings plans to include this technology reflects this reality. I voted for H.R.529, which passed the House 401-20.
House Armed Services Committee Hearing on Outside Perspectives on the Presidents Proposed Authorization for the Use of Military Force Against the Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant
Last week, I attended the House Armed Services Committee Hearing on the Presidents proposed Authorization for the Use of Military Force (AUMF) against the growing ISIL threat.
Former U.S. Army Vice Chief of Staff General Jack Keane, USA (Ret.); Charles I. Francis Professor in Law Associate Dean for Academic Affairs Robert M. Chesney, University of Texas; and Governance Studies Senior Fellow Benjamin Wittes, Brookings Institution, shared their outside perspectives and concerns with the current draft of the proposed AUMF, to include time, geographical, and ground combat troops constraints, as well as the role it will play with regards to the existing 2001 AUMF. Considering the global nature of the threat posed by ISIL, I agree with General Keane's concerns of the geographical constraints within the President's proposed AUMF. Additionally, the President's decision to place a three-year moratorium on the AUMF fails to send a strong signal of U.S. resolve to both our enemies and allies.
Given the weight of decision to send our troops into harm's way, not only was it right for the President to come to Congress, but it is crucial for Congress to exercise its constitutional duty.
To that end, these hearings afford members the opportunity to receive testimony from expert witnesses to carefully and fully examine the President's proposal, and I look forward to additional hearings in the coming weeks on this topic and on our overall strategy moving forward.
Celebrating 100 Years of the United States Navy Reserve
The United States Navy Reserve celebrated its centennial anniversary in a ceremony on Capitol Hill Thursday.
My colleague, Congressman Tim Murphy (R-PA), and I joined the Chief of Naval Operations, Admiral Greenert, and Chief of Navy Reserve Vice Admiral Robin Braun in commemorating this remarkable milestone.
The Navy Reserve is composed of more than 20 percent of total Navy assets and, when called to action, can be found abroad, on shore, in the air, or at sea. Currently, 55,761 Navy reservists stand ready to join the fleet when needed as active parts of the largest and most powerful naval force in the world.
I want to thank all the Naval reservists for their tireless efforts, and I congratulate them on a century of selfless service to our Nation.
Congr essman Miller with Chief of Naval Operations Admiral Jonathan W. Greenert
Meeting with Escambia County Commissioner Grover Robinson
Escambia County Commissioner Grover Robinson stopped by my office while he was in Washington D.C. last week to attend the National Association of Counties Legislative Conference.
We discussed a range of important issues, including the implementation of the
RESTORE Act
and legislation to allow Santa Rosa Island leaseholders the option to receive fee simple title to their property.
Congr essman Miller meeting with
Escambia County Commissioner Grover C. Robinson, IV, District 4
Meeting with Florida Fish and Wildlife Commission
I met with Nick Wiley, the Executive Director of the Florida Fish and Wildlife Conservation Commission (FWC); FWC Division of Marine Fisheries Management Director, Jessica McCawley; FWC Division of Habitat and Species Conservation Director, Thomas Eason; and Brett Bolton, Deputy Director, Office of Governor Rick Scott to discuss reauthorization of the
Magnuson Stevens Act
and Gulf Red Snapper management.
With the House planning to work on legislation to reauthorize
Magnuson Stevens , I believe there is ample opportunity to work with all stakeholders on a Gulf Red Snapper management solution that improves access to the crucial resource.
Congressman Miller meeting w ith
Florida Fish and Wildlife Conservation Commission
Meeting with the Poarch Band of Creek Indians
I also met last week with leadership from the Poarch Band of Creek Indians, including Tribal Vice-Chair Robert McGhee.
Though principally located just over the Alabama border, the Poarch Band of Creek Indians also has longstanding ties in Northwest Florida, and I appreciated having the opportunity to discuss important issues affecting the Native American communities along the Gulf Coast and throughout the Nation.
Congr essman Miller meeting with
Poarch Band of Creek Indians
Veterans Corner
Increasing Veteran Access to Capital
Our Nations servicemembers develop unique leadership qualities as a result of their military service. As they transition from the military into the civilian sector, potential veteran entrepreneurs seek access to capital to establish small businesses within our communities across the country. However, credit union lending to members for business purposes is limited to 12.25 percent of the institutions assets. With so many of our veterans possessing membership with credit unions, exempting them from this lending cap would allow veterans with an entrepreneurial spirit better access to capital. To that end, I reintroduced a bill which would amend the
Federal Credit Union Act
to exclude extensions of credit made to veterans from the definition of a member business loan. Small businesses are the engine of our economy, and veteran entrepreneurs possess the qualities to successfully lead them. I look forward to working with my colleagues in both the House and Senate to get this bill passed, as this measure is one small way of thanking our Nations heroes for their selfless service.
Joint Hearing of the House and Senate Veterans' Affairs Committees to receive the Legislative Presentation of the Disabled American Veterans
Last week, the House and Senate Veterans' Affairs Committees conducted a joint hearing to receive the legislative presentation of the Disabled American Veterans (DAV). During the hearing, DAV outlined its support for a number of items, including reforming VAs budget and appropriations process to provide advance funding and ensuring women veterans receive equal benefits and services from VA. I thanked DAV leaders for their input and for conveying the concerns of their members. To view the hearing, click on the image below.
To view the February 24, 2015 Joint Hearing of the House and Senate Veterans' Affairs Committees, click on the image above (start at 19:19).
Joint Hearing of the House and Senate Veterans' Affairs Committees to receive the Legislative Presentation of The American Legion
The House and Senate Veterans' Affairs Committees held a second joint hearing last week to receive the legislative presentation of The American Legion. The hearing included testimony on the VA and DoD budgets, medical care for veterans with traumatic brain injuries and post-traumatic stress, as well as issues such as veterans homelessness and employment. I commend the American Legion for its outstanding work and thank its members for their continued partnership. To view the hearing, click on either image below.
To view the February 25, 2015 Joint Hearing of the House and Senate Veterans' Affairs Committees, click on either image above (start at 25:35).
The day prior to the joint hearing, I spoke at the American Legion Commander's Call during its 55th annual Washington Conference. I took the opportunity to thank Legion members for all they do on behalf of America's veterans and assured them that I will continue fighting to reform VA into an organization truly worthy of the veterans it is charged with serving. As one of the first veterans service organizations to call for accountability at the top of VA during last years VA scandal, the Legion's work to improve the lives of America's veterans is invaluable. I'm grateful to have the great men and women of the Legion as allies in the fight to reform the department. To view my remarks, click on the image below.
Chairman
Miller speaking at the February 2 4, 2015
American Legion
Commander's Call in Washington, D.C.
I also participated at the American Legion Department of Florida Legislative Luncheon. The informal setting afforded me the opportunity to visit with Legion members from the great state of Florida and hear directly from them regarding issues facing our Nation's veterans right in our backyard, including sequestration, recommendations from the Military Compensation and Retirement Modernization Commission, as well as the ongoing challenges with VA health care reform.
Chairman Miller with members of the Florida Department of the American Legion (left); Chairman Miller speaking with the members of the Florida Department of the American Legion at the Legion's Legislative Luncheon (right)
Veterans Service Organizations Roundtable
Last Friday, I hosted a roundtable discussion with leadership of our Nations veterans service organizations (VSOs). The event was also attended by House Majority Leader Kevin McCarthy, House Republican Conference Chair Cathy McMorris Rodgers, House Armed Services Committee Chairman Mac Thornberry, House Budget Committee Chairman Tom Price and members of the House Veterans Affairs Committee. The roundtable brought members of Congress together with leaders from nearly 30 VSOs for a frank discussion on the issues todays veterans are facing.
The active role these groups play in educating Congress, other federal agencies and the public is invaluable, and I look forward to our continued collaboration.
Chairman Miller with the participants of the February 27, 2 015 Veterans Service Organizations Roundtable
Concerned Veterans for America Fixing Veterans Health Care Taskforce"
I addressed Concerned Veterans for Americas Fixing Veterans Health Care Task Force Summit, which included former U.S. Senate Majority Leader Dr. Bill Frist (R-TN), former Congressman and Army Ranger Jim Marshall (D-GA), former VA Under Secretary for Health Dr. Michael Kussman and Manhattan Institute Health Care Scholar Avik Roy. The mission of the task force was to isolate existing challenges to veterans health care, identify unique and systemic solutions and propose concrete reforms. I spoke regarding critical elements within VA that need improvement and received the task forces findings and policy recommendations. Although there have been steady improvements, VA still has work to do to provide our veterans the timely quality care they so well deserve.
Chairman
Miller speaking at the February 2 6 , 2015
Concerned Veterans for America Fixing Veterans Health Care Taskforce" Summit in Washington, D.C.
National Association for Uniformed Services Hail, Farewell, and Recognition
Last week I was honored to receive the Lifetime Achievement Award from the National Association for Uniformed Services (NAUS). Since 1968, NAUS has advocated and fought for the earned benefits of uniformed service members, retirees, veterans, their families and survivors. Additionally, it has consistently led the charge on Capitol Hill to advocate for a strong national defense to protect this Nation and maintain the premier standing of the United States around the globe. NAUS has supported the TRICARE for Life and Senior Pharmacy Program and fought to protect the Cost of Living Adjustment for service members as well as numerous other benefits essential to our Nations military and veteran families. I appreciate the association's continued service, and I was truly humbled to receive this award.
Congr essman Miller
with Lieutenant General
Jack Klimp, NAUS President
As always, I welcome your comments. To share your thoughts on legislation, votes or issues, please visit http://jeffmiller.house.gov/ to send an e-mail or call any of my offices.
Thanks,
Jeff
Click Here
to view this email in your browser
Click Here
to be removed from this list