
If you are
having trouble viewing this message or would like to share it on a
social network, you can
view the message online .
HOME
ABOUT
STEVE
SERVICES
3RD DISTRICT
ISSUES &amp; LEGISLATION
NEWSROOM
February 06, 2015
CALLING ALL INTERNS
My office is currently seeking highly
motivated college students to serve as interns in my Washington, D.C. office,
as well as my district offices in Rogers, Fort Smith, and Harrison,
for the following sessions:
Summer Session I: May 25,
2015 - July 3, 2015
Summer Session II: July 6, 2015 - August 7,
2015
A
Congressional internship is a rewarding experience, and both Washington,
D.C.
and district office interns will work
closely with my staff and constituents while learning the inner workings of
the United States Congress and about issues affecting Arkansans. I
encourage those interested in political science, government, public
policy, business, and social work to apply.
Internship requirements and application
materials are available
on
my website . For more information, please call
(202) 225-4301.
WEEK IN
REVIEW
This week, I was glad
to see so many Arkansans in Washington! My thanks to all those who
visited my office, including the Fort Smith and Benton Police Departments,
Oren Paris from Ecclesia College, Ethan Branscum of Marianna, the
Arkansas School Boards Association, Dr. Gooden from the Fort Smith School
System, Chip Pollard from John Brown University, Bruce McLarty from
Harding University, Roderick Smothers from Philander Smith University,
Leigh Harvey of Fayetteville, members of the Arkansas National Guard,
Dr. Patricia Relph of the Walton Arts Center, Dawn Watts and Jack
Mitchell from HealthSouth, Bill Wilde, the NWA Tobacco and Drug Free
Coalition, and the Cain family from Berryville. Safe travels
home.
On Monday, President Obama
submitted his fiscal year 2016 budget request to Congress. With a
deficit of over $18 trillion, his calls for $2.4 trillion in new spending
and $2.1 trillion in tax increases were bold to say the least. Adding
insult to injury, his plan never balances and continues down the same
unsustainable path that the American people have resoundingly
rejected. Our fragile economy cannot handle it, and as a member of the
House Appropriations and Budget Committees, I look forward to doing the
work the President wont: reviewing our current spending line by line
to ensure taxpayer dollars are spent responsibly and
purposefully.
I posted a video with my
thoughts on President Obamas budget on my Facebook page.
Watch it
here!
On Tuesday, I joined U.S.
Senators John Boozman and Tom Cotton to announce that the University of
Arkansas (U of A) has been awarded funding to develop an online and
in-person training and mentoring program for military veterans and
minority farmers. The funding comes from the U.S. Department of Agricultures
(USDA) National Institute of Food and Agriculture (NIFA). U of A will
receive $749,720 to establish the program in collaboration with NIFA.
Farmers are essential players in the Natural States economy, and we
welcome this USDA-University of Arkansas collaboration, which will
help grow our next generation of farmers.
On Tuesday afternoon, the House passed
H.R. 596 , by a vote of 239-186. (See
Roll Call #58 )
The
bill repeals the Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act (PPACA) and
the health care-related provisions in the Health Care and Education
Reconciliation Act of 2010 in their entirety and calls on the relevant
House committees to submit legislation within each committees
jurisdiction to find new solutions to health care problems based on twelve
guiding principles. Obamacare has increased costs for families and
businesses alike, killed jobs, made full-time employment harder to find, and
limited choice in and access to health care.
Now that the law
is fully implemented, its clear that this law is more of a train wreck
than ever.
Americans deserve better, and they should be able to
choose the health care plan they want, which doctors they see, and
the costs they can afford instead of receiving directives from the
federal government.
I was proud to cosponsor and vote in favor of
it.
On
Wednesday, Representatives Bob Goodlatte (R-VA-6), Peter Welch (D-VT-AL),
Jim Costa (D-CA-16) and I introduced
H.R. 704 , the
RFS Reform Act , in the U.S. House
of Representatives. The RFS Reform Act eliminates the corn-based
ethanol requirement, caps the amount of ethanol that can be blended
into conventional gasoline at 10 percent, and requires the Environmental
Protection Agency (EPA) to set cellulosic biofuels levels at
production levels. The bill had 34 cosponsors at the time of introduction
and is supported by a diverse coalition of over
50 organizations . Not
only has the misguided RFS failed to lower prices at the pump, but the
artificial market for ethanol it created is having unintended and
profound effects on consumers, energy producers, livestock producers,
retailers, and our food supply.
Congress must reform the RFS and
provide Americans relief. Read the
Democrat-Gazette
and
Times Records
coverage
of the RFS Reform Act.
Also on Wednesday, the House passed
H.R. 50 ,
the Unfunded Mandates Information and Transparency Act of 2015, by a vote
of 250-173. (See
Roll
Call #64 )
H.R. 50 amends the Unfunded
Mandates Reform Act (UMRA) and the Congressional Budget Act of
1974 to require the CBO to assess the cost of changes in
conditions that may be required of state, local, and tribal governments in
order to receive federal assistance and eliminates the current
exemptions held by independent regulatory agencies from the UMRA reporting
requirements.
Thursday morning, I was glad to have Pastor Ronnie
Floyd join me in Washington to attend the National Prayer
Breakfast.
After the breakfast, Representative Ron Kind
(D-WI-3) and I
along with 21 of our House colleagues
introduced
the
Fair Brewers Excise and Economic Relief
( Fair BEER ) Act of 2015. This
bipartisan bill comprehensively reforms the federal beer tax imposed on beer
importers and all brewers
without picking the winners and losers
by
eliminating the production cap and replacing it with the graduated,
equitable, and simplified tax structure.
Federal excise taxes for all beer importers
and for brewers of more than two million barrels annually are
currently $18 per barrel.
Brewers that produce less than two million
barrels annually are taxed at a rate of $7 per barrel for their first
60,000 barrels, significantly decreasing their effective tax
rate. While this reduced tax rate has successfully encouraged new entry into
the market, it unintentionally created a barrier to further growth.
Our tax policies shouldnt discourage the growth and continued success
of an industry that supports jobs for more than two million Americans,
and it shouldnt pick the winners and losers in the market. This
comprehensive reform bill supports brewpubs, microbrewers, national craft
brewers, major brewers, and importers alike and encourages their
entrepreneurial spirit, which is exactly the spirit we need to get Americas
economic engine going again. The final text of the bill can be found
here .
On Thursday afternoon, the
House passed
H.R.
527 , the Small Business Regulatory Flexibility Improvements
Act of 2015, by a vote of 260-163. (See
Roll Call #68 ) H.R. 527 amends the
Regulatory Flexibility Act (RFA) and the Small Business Regulatory
Enforcement Fairness Act (SBREFA) to expand the number of rules subject to
the RFA and requires agencies to meet additional requirements when
conducting a regulatory flexibility analysis to account for how a
regulation would affect small businesses. Moreover, this legislation
provides new authority to the Small Business Administration's (SBA) Office
of Advocacy to provide support for rulemaking, closes loopholes, and
reduces the burden that over-regulation places on small businesses,
expands the terms of the biannual regulatory agenda mandated under the
RFA, and clarifies how agencies are to conduct periodic regulatory
reviews.
Tomorrow, Im
looking forward to celebrating the launch of the U.S. Marshals
Commemorative Coin in Fort Smith!
Next week, in addition to suspensions, the House will consider
the Keystone XL Pipeline Approval Act (S. 1), the Fighting Hunger
Incentive Act of 2015 (H.R. 644), and the America's Small Business Tax
Relief Act of 2015 (H.R. 636).
From the
Front...
Congressman Steve Womack
Arkansas Third
District
Washington,
DC
1119 Longworth HOB |
Washington, DC 20515 |
(202) 225-4301 tel |
(202)
225-5713 fax
Fort
Smith
423 North 6th
Street
Fort Smith, AR 72902
(479) 424-1146 tel
(479) 424-2737 fax
Harrison
303 N. Main Street,
Suite
102
Harrison, AR 72601
(870) 741-6900 tel
(870) 741-7741 fax
Rogers
Office
3333 Pinnacle Hills,
Suite 120
Rogers,
AR 72758
(479)
464-0446 tel (479) 464-0063
fax
Unsubscribe
|
Update My Profile
|
Privacy
Policy
