
Website
|
About
|
Contact Me
|
Serving You
|
Media Center
|
Legislative Work
|
Our District
|
Resources
February 16, 2015
The Scalise Capitol Report
Its Time For The Senate to Do Its Job
Last month, House Republicans fulfilled our promise to Americans by funding the Department of Homeland Security (DHS) for the rest of this fiscal year, while preventing President Obama from moving forward on illegal executive actions on immigration
an approach that
Pew Research Center finds
the majority of Americans oppose and that the president himself has said 22 times he cannot do. The Senate is blocking debate of this House-passed DHS funding bill so that they can protect the president's unconstitutional actions. The House has done its job and I am urging the Senate to stop playing partisan political games with our national security and do their job.
Click on the photo above to read more of my take on DHS funding in USA Today
Sending Keystone XL Approval to the Presidents Desk
From Day One of Americas New Congress, the House has been focused on creating jobs and fighting for the priorities of the American people. Last week the House voted for the eleventh time to approve the more than 40,000 jobs that would be created with the construction of the Keystone XL Pipeline. This action in the House sends legislation authorizing construction of the Keystone XL Pipeline to the presidents desk. The American people have waited far too long for this critical infrastructure project. President Obama must drop his veto threat and quickly sign this much-needed bipartisan legislation that will create good-paying American jobs and increase our energy security.
Click on the photo to watch me explain why the president has every reason to sign this bill.
Improving Efficiency at the FCC
The House Energy and Commerce (E&amp;C) Committee unanimously approved my FCC Consolidated Reporting Act. Full committee passage of this legislation is another crucial step in reforming the Federal Communications Commission (FCC), a much-needed modernization of their operations. My bill requires the FCC to eliminate outdated reports and consolidate numerous mandated reports into one comprehensive report on the communications industry. This will help the FCC operate more efficiently and encourage the commission to holistically analyze competition in the marketplace, rather than basing their analysis on the outdated silos that no longer reflect the 21st century communications economy. The FCC must operate in a manner consistent with the innovative era in which we live, and I am pleased that the E&amp;C Committee agrees. I look forward to the bill being considered on the House floor in the near future.
Calling All High School Artists
Im proud to announce that Louisiana: The Place I Call Home is the LA-01 theme for the 2015 Congressional Art Competition. Louisianas one-of-a-kind culture, vibrant wetlands, unique architecture, diverse heritage and unmatched cuisine are just some of the distinct staples that make me proud to call our state home. I look forward to seeing why the young artists in my district are proud to call this place home too. Entries can be submitted to my
Hammond ,
Houma ,
Mandeville , or
Metairie
offices. The deadline to do so is Friday, April 24. The winner will be invited along with a guest to Washington, D.C., to view their artwork at an official ceremony in the U.S. Capitol and participate in a reception with fellow award winners. High school artists must fill out and submit
this release form
along with the artwork. Additional rules and details can be found
here . I look forward to seeing the entries and recognizing our talented artists!
Celebrating the Successes of School Choice in Louisiana
The Recovery School District (RSD) in New Orleans has scored the highest in school choice in the nation for the third consecutive year. Louisiana's RSD serves as a model for school choice across our nation and is a testament to the educational opportunities that all children deserve and can obtain. The successes we fought so hard to achieve for all children in New Orleans must be protected and expanded as beacons of hope for all students across our nation. I will continue to fight for legislation that promotes innovation, quality, and choice within our nations school systems. Every child in America deserves an equal opportunity to get a quality education, and all parents should be able to make the best educational choices for their children.
Click on the photo above for an interactive map of the top 10 scoring districts
It is an honor to represent you in Congress. For more information please visit my
website ,
Twitter ,
Instagram , and
Facebook
pages.
God Bless,
Steve Scalise
House Majority Whip
WEBSITE
|
UNSUBSCRIBE
|
CONTACT
Washington DC Office
2338 Rayburn HOB
Washington, DC 20515
Phone: (202) 225-3015
Houma Office
8026 Main Street
Suite 700
Houma, LA 70360
Phone: (985) 879-2300
Metairie Office
110 Veterans Boulevard
Suite 500
Metairie, LA 70005
Phone: (504) 837-1259
Mandeville Office
21454 Koop Drive
Suite 1E
Mandeville, LA 70471
Phone: (985) 893-9064
Hammond Office
1514 Martens Drive
Suite 10
Hammond, LA 70401
Phone: (985) 340-2185
Click Here Click Here