DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.0 Transitional//EN" "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml1/DTD/xhtml1-transitional.dtd"
If you are having trouble reading this email,
please view the web version .
Protecting Consumers from Hackers
This week, I reintroduced a bill to help protect consumers if the Obamacare exchanges are hacked and their private information gets stolen, the Health Exchange Security and Transparency Act. You may have seen that last week Anthem, one of the largest health insurers in the U.S., lost data for up to 80 million Americans. Clearly, hackers find health information to be very valuable. In many cases, hacked organizations delayed in informing their customers. Taking prompt action to protect your identity is necessary after a data breach. My bill would require the government to inform consumers within two days of a breach. This bipartisan legislation passed the House of Representatives with a veto-proof majority. Unfortunately, it was never taken up in the Senate. This year, we might have a real chance of sending it to the President. To view my comments from the House floor,
CLICK HERE .
Keystone XL Bill Headed to the President
On Wednesday, the House of Representatives passed the Senates version of the bill to authorize the Keystone XL pipeline. The bill passed the House 270-152, with 29 Democrats joining Republicans to send the bill to the President. The President has threatened a veto so this may be the first bill of the year that he stops from becoming law. While it doesnt appear that there are enough votes in the Senate or House to overcome that veto, there may be other opportunities this year to attach that legislation to something the President might sign. Its probably not the end of the line for the project.
President Asks for Authorization of Mission Against ISIL
The President has asked Congress to consider authorizing military force against ISIL in Iraq and Syria. I appreciate that the President wants to work with Congress. However, we need to have a thorough review of this authorization and only pass something that gives our military the flexibility to defeat these terrorists. I believe that it is important that any Congressional authorization doesnt tie the hands of our military commanders or of a future president. Trying to run a war from Congress is impossible. The House and Senate Armed Services Committees will be holding hearings on the Presidents request and will make changes that they believe to be appropriate. I look forward to having a robust debate on the floor of the House.
Tax Relief for Small Businesses
Today, the House passed the Americas Small Business Tax Relief Act of 2015. The bipartisan bill passed 272-142 with 33 Democrats voting yes. According to the National Federation of Independent Business, the bill could result in 200,000 more jobs. The legislation expands and makes permanent tax provisions that allow small businesses to immediately deduct the cost of purchasing new equipment. It also makes it easier for small businesses to access capital.
Op-ed of the Week: ISIL on the Move
The rise of the Islamic State in Syria and Iraq, ISIS or ISIL, reminds us of something that is easy to forget in America: true evil exists and is powerfully attractive for many around the world. The leaders of ISIL are intent on building a state that perfectly conforms to their interpretation of Islam. Their means of doing this is the glorification of violence against their enemies. They have attracted a legion of followers from around the world and now they are spreading their ideology in places far from the Middle East.
READ MORE
Facebook
Podcast
Tell Joe Your Opinion
Issues
The 16th District
Ask Joe For Help
The Government
Legislation
Press
About Joe Pitts
Photo Gallery
Please feel free to
forward this email to your friends and family .
Recent Videos
Protection from Obamacare Hacks
Rep. Pitts discusses his bill to promptly inform consumers if Obamacare exchanges are hacked.
Obamacare Hurts Local Schools
Rep. Pitts speaks in support of the bill repealing Obamacare, noting that the bill is hurting local schools.
Washington, D.C. Office
420 Cannon House Office Building
Washington, DC 20515
(1st Street and Independence Avenue)
202-225-2411
202-225-2013 (fax)
Chester County Office
Post Office Box 837
Unionville, PA 19375
(Routes 82 and 926)
610-444-4581
610-444-5750 (fax)
Lancaster Office
150 North Queen Street
Suite 716 (7th floor)
Lancaster, PA 17603
717-393-0667
717-393-0924 (fax)
Click Here Click Here