
January 14, 2015
Keeping My Promise to Stop the Presidents Amnesty
Dear Friend,
President Obama made a purely political decision when he ordered DHS to stop enforcing our nations immigration laws. Its unprecedented thatrather than negotiating with Congresshe is using unelected bureaucrats to change our immigration law.
Today, House conservatives joined together and kept the promise we made to you last November. We passed legislation that will completely stop the presidents illegal executive amnesty.
I spoke on the House floor about the bill and our commitment to upholding the rule of law. I hope you take a minute to watch:
The bill we passed today sends the President a clear message: we are listening to the American people and not his unilateral demands. The fiscal year 2015 Homeland Security appropriations bill blocks the implementation of the Presidents unconstitutional immigration actions, and it ensures that the Department of Homeland Security (DHS) will have the resources they need to protect us from evolving threats such as overseas hackers targeting our military and violent criminal gangs coming across our porous borders.
With my support, the House passed the following five amendments, which stop the presidents illegal executive amnesty and restore common sense to our immigration policies:
Aderholt/Mulvaney/Barletta Amendmen t
This amendment is based on a bill I coauthored with Representative Aderholt ( H.R. 191 ), and it blocks
any
federal funds from
any
source from being used to implement President Obamas illegal executive amnesty. Additionally, it makes the legal changes necessary to prevent similar policies from taking effect in the future. Finally, it prevents federal benefits from going to undocumented aliens.
Blackburn Amendment
This amendment is similar to Rep. Blackburns bill that I coauthored last Congress ( H.R. 5160 ). It overturns President Obamas Deferred Action for Childhood Arrivals (DACA) policy, which grants amnesty to a select group of undocumented immigrants. By blocking funding for the Administrations consideration of new, renewed, or previously denied DACA applications, the program will shut down.
Roby/DeSantis Amendment
Inexplicably, DHS does not classify illegal aliens convicted of child or domestic abuse in its top classification for deportation.This amendment requires DHS to treat any alien convicted of domestic violence, sexual abuse, child molestation, or child abuse in its top classification for deportation. This will ensure that illegal aliens convicted of these heinous crimes will be deported as quickly as possible.
Salmon/Thompson Amendment
This amendment reaffirms Congresss opposition to the Administrations policies that make it more economically advantageous for companies to hire illegal immigrants than legal immigrants.
American citizens should always be first in line for job vacancies.
Schock Amendment
This amendment will ensure legal immigrants will always have their interests put ahead of illegal immigrants.
The bill we passed today provides enough funding to maintain the highest-ever number of agents and support personnel at Immigration and Customs Enforcement (ICE) and Customs and Border Protection (CBP)the two agencies most directly responsible for immigration enforcement. It provides funding for an eighth National Security Cutter for the Coast Guard to help patrol the waters off the coast of the Port of Houston and a robust increase in funding for critical cybersecurity programs to better combat attacks on our newest frontier. We also cut $6 million for the DHS headquarters in Washington, D.C.targeted at the people responsible for the memos that betray the very ideal of the rule of law.
The changes that we make to DHS are common-sense, and are grounded in the conservative principles on which this great country was foundedall principles deliberately ignored by this Administration. While the Obama Administration has not missed an opportunity to undermine the rule of law to advance their liberal agenda, conservatives will continue to use our majority to stop the Administrations lawlessness and preserve the America that we know and love.
I will always keep my word to you. My good name is my most valuable possession, and my reputation as your representative in Congress is built on trust. I will continue to do everything in my power as your representative to stop Barack Obama from doing more damage to this great nation, and I will not rest until we have undone his illegal executive amnesty. I will always do the right thing for the right reasons, and I will keep working to cut spending and taxes, to balance our budget, and to restore the 10th Amendment to get the federal government out of our lives so that Texans truly run Texas.
Sincerely,
John Culberson
Tell a Friend
Forward this email
to a friend.
NOTE: Please DO NOT respond to this email as this inbox is unattended. To contact my office please
click here
UNSUBSCRIBE
|
PRIVACY POLICY
|
CONTACT US
Click Here Click Here