
If you are having trouble viewing this message or would like to share
it on a social network, you can
view the message online .
HOME
|
ABOUT
ME
|
CONSTITUENT
SERVICES
|
ISSUES
NEWS
&amp; MEDIA
|
4th
DISTRICT
|
CONTACT
January 30, 2015
Dear Friend,
Here is a quick update with the latest
in what is happening in Washington and around Alabama's 4th District.
As always, please let me know whenever I can be of assistance.
Keep in touch
and remember to follow me on
Twitter
and
Facebook . Also, for
updated information check out my
virtual office
and
encourage your friends and family to sign-up for my monthly
e-newsletter, the
Aderholt Address .
Sincerely,
Robert B. Aderholt
Member of Congress
A New Year and A New Congress
On
January 6th I took the oath of office for the 114th session of Congress.
With the start of the new Congress, I am more hopeful than I have been
in quite some time that with the help of a Republican controlled
Senate and the majority of Republicans in the House, we can make
substantive, conservative change for our nation and chart a new course away
from the Presidents executive overreach and liberal policies that we
have seen.
Fighting Executive
Amnesty
As Im sure many of you are aware, in November of last
year, President Obama decided to circumvent the constitutional
responsibility of Congress and issue his own decree concerning immigration
policy here in the United States. His executive actions granted de-facto
amnesty for almost five million people living in the U.S. illegally.
Not only do I believe the President overstepped his constitutional
authority, as do many others, I also see his actions as ultimately unfair
to those who are waiting to go through our immigration system
legally.
Members of my staff I and talked to many of you about
this and we discussed ways to push back on the unilateral action by the
President. With that in mind, my staff and I worked over the Christmas
and New Years holidays preparing legislation to stop this overreach.
On the second day of the new term, I introduced legislation that
would reverse the Presidents executive action. It not only defunds the
Presidents Executive Amnesty but also removes the Presidents
discretion to grant work permits, Social Security, and other federal benefits
to those here unlawfully. My legislation also puts limits on the
Presidents future ability to enact similar wide-reaching actions that would
circumvent Congress. It returns legislating authority to where it
rightfully belongs: the legislative branch.
I can report
that what has become known as the "Aderholt-Mulvaney Amendment" passed
the House and has been added to the funding bill for the Department of
Homeland Security. This amendment defunds the Presidents Executive
Amnesty programs and passed the House of Representatives by a vote of 236
to 191. It is under consideration in the
Senate.
Inauguration Day in Alabama
On January 19th I
had the honor and privilege of attending the inauguration ceremony in
Montgomery. This is a once-every-four-year event; it is always special.
While I serve our state on the federal level, it takes a lot of
cooperation on the state and local level to get things done and make life
better for Alabamians. I congratulate Governor Bentley and the other
constitutional officers of the state of Alabama as they begin to serve
our state this term. Being in Montgomery also gave me the opportunity to
reconnect with Alabama state leaders like Governor Bentley, Lt.
Governor Kay Ivey, various state legislators, and constitutional officers.
I know that our state and nation will face many challenges during the
next few years and I look forward to working with my colleagues in
Montgomery on the issues that impact our state.
The
inaugural parade is a great tradition and featured several marching bands from
schools across the 4th District and the state. The schools whose
bands were featured, in order of appearance, were Brookwood High School,
Walker High School, Gadsden City High School, Haleyville High School,
Marion County High School, Albertville High School, Arab High School,
and Muscle Shoals High School.
As someone who had the
privilege to march in the governors inauguration back in January of 1979,
I appreciate the students, band directors, teachers, principals and
parents who helped make the day special and represented the 4th
District so well. Also, luckily the weather on inauguration day was
picture-perfect. It was a much different story when I marched in that same
parade back in 1979. Did I mention we marched in the snow, uphill both
ways? At least it seemed that way.
Recent
Happenings
Here are some photos from
recent events and meetings across the 4 th
District of Alabama
and in Washington, DC.
Walker Elementary
School teacher Krystle Bryant receives a call from Rep. Aderholt,
congratulating her on receiving the Milken Educator Award.
Congressman Aderholt discusses current legislation with Alabama Public
Television's Don Daily in Montgomery.
Click
here
to see interview
(drag
cursor to 29:30).
Congressman Aderholt pauses for a
picture with his children, Robert Hayes and Mary Elliott, when he is
sworn into the 114th Congress.
OFFICE LOCATIONS
Washington D.C. Office
235 Cannon House
Office Building
Washington, D.C. 20515
Cullman District Office
205 Fourth Ave. NE, Ste 104
Cullman, AL 35055
Tuscumbia District Office
1011 George Wallace Blvd
Suite 146
Tuscumbia, AL 35674
Jasper District Office
247 Carl Elliott Building
1710 Alabama Avenue
Jasper, AL 35501
Gadsden District Office
107
Federal Building
600 Broad
Street
Gadsden, AL 35901
Unsubscribe
|
Update My Profile
|
Privacy Policy
