
If you are
having trouble viewing this message or would like to share it on a social
network, you can
view the
message online .
About
Contact
Services
Media Center
Legislation
Issues
Resources
December 21, 2014
Friends,
Were only a few days away
from Christmas
one of my favorite holidays of the
year.
Through all the hustle and bustle of this holiday season, I hope
youve had time to wrap all your gifts, trim the tree and hang your
stockings by the fireplace. Ive been fortunate to be able to spend the
last few days in Concord, meeting with constituents, enjoying the
Christmas lights downtown, and experiencing the cheerfulness of folks in our
community.
One of the best parts of my job is the work I
do in our community, and Im so grateful for the time I spend back
home.
Its a reminder of my number one priority to serve
you and our community by providing top-notch constituent services and
being accessible to hear your needs, thoughts and
concerns.
Last Thursday, I hosted a Military
Academy Nomination Ceremony to congratulate students from the eighth
district for being nominated to attend our U.S. Service
Academies.
I was so inspired by the tremendous group of students and their
families who are interested in pursuing this honorable calling to
serve in our Armed Forces.
Every year, I have the privilege
of
nominating
a limited number of young
men and women to our service academies. In simplest terms, a
nomination is a recommendation
it is my stamp of approval that these young
men and women will contribute greatly to our service academies.
Receiving a nomination from a Member of Congress, the Vice President or the
President is a requirement to be considered for appointment to four of
the five service academies: the U.S. Military Academy, the U.S. Naval
Academy, the U.S. Merchant Marine Academy, and the U.S. Air Force
Academy.
One of my top
priorities is providing genuine opportunity for folks in our district, and
my responsibility to nominate young men and women to our service
academies is something I take very seriously.
Each student
must complete and submit an application to be considered for a
nomination. Once the applications are carefully reviewed by the Eighth District
Nomination Committee, the students are interviewed by the panel and
evaluated by their leadership skills, academic achievements,
extra-curricular activities, physical aptitude, character and motivations. The
panel then provides me with their recommended nominees for each
academy.
This year, it is my privilege to
nominate eight of our driven students who are interested in serving our
country and a cause greater than oneself. I wish them all the best as
they take this extraordinary step and continue to pursue this honorable
goal.
These young men and women are not just our future
they are our present.
It is the work they do now and
the work I know theyll accomplish that will get our country on a better
path.
Their spirit and
determination to serve selflessly so that our nation can continue to be free is
a reminder of what the holiday season
and Christmas
is all about.
The holiday season is such a special time, but more important than
the gifts we receive and the time off from work or school is the true
meaning of Christmas - the gift of Jesus Christ.
As we
celebrate the birth of our Savior, let us rejoice in knowing He brought
peace to this earth. Renee and I wish you and your loved ones a special
holiday season full of love, joy and
happiness.
Merry Christmas
and God bless,
Richard
Hudson
Member of
Congress
IN CASE YOU MISSED
IT
I'm excited to announce that
t wo of my bills
were signed into law by the
President last week - making it my first and second bills to be signed into
law in my first
term.
As Representative of North Carolinas eighth district, I set out to
work with my colleagues on both sides of the aisle to advance fiscally
responsible, commonsense solutions that root out government waste and
save taxpayer dollars.
Im proud of the bipartisan support these
laws received, and I hope that its a model we can follow on some of
the bigger issues facing our country.
Concord Office
325 McGill
Ave, NW
Suite 500
Concord, NC
28027
Phone: (704) 7861612
Rockingham Office
1015
Fayetteville Rd
Rockingham, NC 28379
Phone: (910) 9972070
Washington D.C. Office
429
Cannon HOB
Washington, DC 20515
Phone: (202) 2253715
Unsubscribe
|
Update My Profile
|
Privacy Policy
