
By Candice Miller, Detroit Free Press guest writer
[DFP oped Miller High.JPG]
Anyone who spends any time traveling around southeast Michigan by car knows that our roads and highways are in critical need of repair.
Crumbling pavement and rotting bridges are an expensive and dangerous reality for Michigan drivers. And Michigan lawmakers have rightfully focused attention on the state's road-spending deficit.
Early next year, it falls to Congress to address the nation's transportation infrastructure deficit when the current federal Highway and Transportation Funding Act expires and comes up for re-authorization.
As has been the case on the state level, the money available for highway and bridge construction on the federal level has, in recent years, not kept pace with our nation's needs. The Congressional Budget Office estimates the gap between spending needed to keep pace with our infrastructure needs and available revenue (most of it from fuel taxes in the Highway Trust Fund) at about $15 billion a year from 2015 through 2020.
But limited revenue should not preclude an unflagging effort by those of us entrusted with maintaining our nation's infrastructure - and our economic vitality - to find ways to maximize progress.
When I arrived in Congress, Michigan was getting less than 90 cents back on every federal tax dollar we sent to Washington. Over the years we closed that gap, and now we actually get back more than we send. This is important, because even a couple of pennies extra in return can mean hundreds of millions of dollars more to fix our roads.
As a member of the House Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure, I will be looking for every possible means to leverage available funding and maximize improvements for Michigan's motorists.
And I hope my colleagues will join me in exploring innovative solutions, especially those designed to take advantage of private-sector resources and emerging technology.
Earlier this year, I served on a special congressional panel exploring the use of public-private partnerships to address large infrastructure projects. Such arrangements have been successfully implemented around the country to undertake major improvements for which public funding alone is inadequate.
Although various legal and tactical hurdles remain to their implementation on federally funded highway infrastructure projects, I remain hopeful those obstacles can be overcome.
It is also time for federal infrastructure policy to embrace the many technological advances in transportation that have emerged in recent years.
Among those technologies are some now under development to communicate crucial safety and traffic information to highway users, both from vehicle to vehicle and from infrastructure (bridges, for example) to vehicles.
Think about it. Creating the capability of drivers to receive real-time information about road conditions and hazards (icy bridges, multi-car pileups etc.) that lie ahead would be a boon for traffic safety and the efficient flow of commerce. And work on vehicle-to-infrastructure technology is currently under way in Michigan under a partnership between the state Department of Transportation, the University of Michigan, GM and Ford.
I am committed to hastening that progress by inserting language in the transportation bill to authorize the use of federal highway funds to develop such technology.
Improving our highway infrastructure with finite resources will be a daunting task, but that doesn't mean it cannot be done.
Last year, I was involved in the bipartisan effort to expand funding for our harbors and waterways in the Water Resources Redevelopment Act. As a result, the Great Lakes were recognized for the first time as a single navigational system for the purposes of federal funding, allowing our harbors to compete for project dollars with other national waterways (like the Mississippi River system) instead of against each other.
I believe that experience can be used as a model as we rewrite the federal transportation act. And I will work tirelessly to see that Michigan motorists have a seat at the table in the process.
Candice Miller, a Republican, is the U.S. representative for Michigan's 10th Congressional District, which includes northern Macomb, Huron, Lapeer, Sanilac and St. Clair counties.
###
DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.0 Transitional//EN" "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml1/DTD/xhtml1-transitional.dtd"
Connect with Representative Miller online:
In Case You Missed It: Detroit Free Press:
Federal
transportation needs attention, too
By Candice Miller, Detroit Free Press guest writer
Anyone who spends any time traveling around southeast Michigan by car knows that our roads and highways
are in critical need of repair.
Crumbling pavement and rotting bridges are an expensive and dangerous reality for Michigan drivers.
And Michigan lawmakers have rightfully focused attention on the state&#8217;s road-spending deficit.
Early next year, it falls to Congress to address the nation&#8217;s transportation infrastructure deficit
when the current federal Highway and Transportation Funding Act expires and comes up for re-authorization.
As has been the case on the state level, the money available for highway and bridge construction on
the federal level has, in recent years, not kept pace with our nation&#8217;s needs. The Congressional Budget Office estimates the gap between spending needed to keep pace with our infrastructure needs and available revenue (most of it from fuel taxes in the Highway
Trust Fund) at about $15 billion a year from 2015 through 2020.
But limited revenue should not preclude an unflagging effort by those of us entrusted with maintaining
our nation&#8217;s infrastructure &#8212; and our economic vitality &#8212; to find ways to maximize progress.
When I arrived in Congress, Michigan was getting less than 90 cents back on every federal tax dollar
we sent to Washington. Over the years we closed that gap, and now we actually get back more than we send. This is important, because even a couple of pennies extra in return can mean hundreds of millions of dollars more to fix our roads.
As a member of the House Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure, I will be looking for every
possible means to leverage available funding and maximize improvements for Michigan&#8217;s motorists.
And I hope my colleagues will join me in exploring innovative solutions, especially those designed
to take advantage of private-sector resources and emerging technology.
Earlier this year, I served on a special congressional panel exploring the use of public-private partnerships
to address large infrastructure projects. Such arrangements have been successfully implemented around the country to undertake major improvements for which public funding alone is inadequate.
Although various legal and tactical hurdles remain to their implementation on federally funded highway
infrastructure projects, I remain hopeful those obstacles can be overcome.
It is also time for federal infrastructure policy to embrace the many technological advances in transportation
that have emerged in recent years.
Among those technologies are some now under development to communicate crucial safety and traffic
information to highway users, both from vehicle to vehicle and from infrastructure (bridges, for example) to vehicles.
Think about it. Creating the capability of drivers to receive real-time information about road conditions
and hazards (icy bridges, multi-car pileups etc.) that lie ahead would be a boon for traffic safety and the efficient flow of commerce. And work on vehicle-to-infrastructure technology is currently under way in Michigan under a partnership between the state
Department of Transportation, the University of Michigan, GM and Ford.
I am committed to hastening that progress by inserting language in the transportation bill to authorize
the use of federal highway funds to develop such technology.
Improving our highway infrastructure with finite resources will be a daunting task, but that doesn&#8217;t
mean it cannot be done.
Last year, I was involved in the bipartisan effort to expand funding for our harbors and waterways
in the Water Resources Redevelopment Act. As a result, the Great Lakes were recognized for the first time as a single navigational system for the purposes of federal funding, allowing our harbors to compete for project dollars with other national waterways
(like the Mississippi River system) instead of against each other.
I believe that experience can be used as a model as we rewrite the federal transportation act. And
I will work tirelessly to see that Michigan motorists have a seat at the table in the process.
Candice Miller, a Republican, is the U.S. representative for Michigan&#8217;s 10th Congressional District,
which includes northern Macomb, Huron, Lapeer, Sanilac and St. Clair counties.
###
TELL A FRIEND
Feel free to share this e-mail with your friends and family by forwarding this email. If this e-mail has been forwarded to you, please sign up to receive Congresswoman Candice Miller
electronic newsletter .
CONTACT INFORMATION
Washington Office
U.S. House of Representatives
320 Cannon House Office Bldg
Washington, DC 20515
Phone: (202)225-2106
Fax: (202)226-1169
DISTRICT OFFICE
48701 Van Dyke Ave
Shelby Township, MI 48317
Phone: (586)997-5010
Fax: (586)997-5013
E-MAIL Candice
LEARN MORE
UNSUBSCRIBE
NOTE:
This mailbox is unattended. To send e-mail to Congresswoman Candice Miller, please go to
her contact form . To unsubscribe from future electronic updates, please use
this link .
