
Connect with Representative Miller online:
Rep. Miller on Release of Alan Gross
WASHINGTON D.C.
&#8211; Today, Rep. Candice Miller (MI-10),
Vice Chair of the House Homeland Security Committee and Chairman of the Subcommittee on Border and Maritime Security,
issued the following statement on the release of Alan Gross and U.S. relations with Cuba:
&#8220;Every American today celebrates the fact that, for the first time in five years, Alan Gross will be home to spend this holiday season in the warm embrace of his family.
The fact is that Alan Gross should never
have been arrested and certainly should not have had five years of his life stolen from him by the corrupt Castro regime for simply trying to provide internet access for members of the Jewish community in Cuba.
Unfortunately, this type of tyranny is all too
common in Castro&#8217;s Cuba.
&#8220;In exchange for Mr. Gross&#8217;s freedom, President Obama sent back to Cuba three spies convicted of espionage against America, including one who was convicted of conspiracy to murder Americans.
In stark contrast,
Mr. Gross was working as an international aid worker.
This sets a very dangerous precedent, as similar dictatorial regimes across the world now know the price that can be extracted when Americans are taken and wrongfully imprisoned which could put countless
Americans at risk across the globe.
&#8220;The fact that President Obama has decided to liberalize relations with the dictatorial Castro regime without requiring the regime to allow political freedom for the Cuban people is a betrayal of America&#8217;s pro-democracy
principles and a propaganda coup for the regime.
Additionally, the opening of diplomatic relations and weakening sanctions will simply provide more hard currency to the Western Hemisphere&#8217;s worst abuser of human rights.
Today, Cuba is the only nation in
our hemisphere where the people have no ability to participate in elections that choose their leaders, and that will not change with the President&#8217;s action today.
Instead, the Castro regime is now empowered and emboldened.
If President Obama wanted real
change for the Cuban people, he would have continued the demand to force the Castro regime to answer to its own people, who continue to be denied basic human rights, in free and fair elections. &#8221;
###
TELL A FRIEND
Feel free to share this e-mail with your friends and family by forwarding this email. If this e-mail has been forwarded to you, please sign up to receive Congresswoman Candice Miller
electronic newsletter .
CONTACT INFORMATION
Washington Office
U.S. House of Representatives
320 Cannon House Office Bldg
Washington, DC 20515
Phone: (202)225-2106
Fax: (202)226-1169
DISTRICT OFFICE
48701 Van Dyke Ave
Shelby Township, MI 48317
Phone: (586)997-5010
Fax: (586)997-5013
E-MAIL Candice
LEARN MORE
UNSUBSCRIBE
NOTE:
This mailbox is unattended. To send e-mail to Congresswoman Candice Miller, please go to
her contact form . To unsubscribe from future electronic updates, please use
this link .
