
Tuesday January 6, 2015
WEBSITE
|
FORWARD TO A FRIEND
| SHARE ON:
Congressman Palazzo Statement on Speaker Vote
WASHINGTON, D.C.
Congressman Steven Palazzo (MS-4 ) released the following statement today following the Speaker of the House election:
This week, I strongly considered opposing John Boehner for Speaker.
After much prayer and deep reflection I realized that a viable, more conservative candidate would not, and ultimately did not, emerge.
While Mr. Gohmert and Mr. Yoho should be applauded, in the end they simply did not have the votes to beat Speaker Boehner, period.
I realize many people disagree with this decision, but I was not willing to compromise my ability to serve South Mississippi for a purely symbolic vote that could later be used to punish my constituents.
Throwing my constituents under the bus is just not an option.
Instead, last night I met with Speaker Boehner one-on-one and man-to-man for more than an hour. I expressed grievances and laid out exactly what the people in South Mississippi want, a conservative leader who will stand up to the liberal agenda of President Obama as the nations top Republican.
Then I looked him directly in the eye and asked if he could and would be the man for that job, and he unequivocally said yes.
I believe him, and am willing to give the Speaker and his team a chance to put us back on a conservative path for America.
Make no mistake, I will hold Speaker Boehner accountable for his actions.
If he refuses to put forward conservative solutions to our nations problems, I will strongly oppose his every move.
At the end of the day, we all want a more conservative, more prosperous America.
So, lets get to work.
###
Palazzo is a Marine veteran of the Persian Gulf War and currently serves as a noncommissioned officer in the Mississippi National Guard. The Enlisted Association of the National Guard of the United States recently awarded Palazzo with the G.V. Sonny Montgomery Eagle Award for his work on the House Armed Services Committee.
NOTE: Please DO NOT respond to this email as this inbox is unattended. To contact my office please
click here
UNSUBSCRIBE
|
PRIVACY POLICY
|
CONTACT US
Click Here Click Here