
District Update | December 12, 2014
Click here
if you have trouble viewing this email
Fighting to address critical funding for our rural schools
Click here to watch Video
Many counties in Southwest Washington rely on the Secure Rural School program to provide essential funds for schools and emergency services. This program began in 2000 because the federal government severely limited the local timber production that used to provide tax revenue for these public services.
I obtained a guarantee from the U.S. House Majority Leader this week that this will be one of the main priorities addressed early next year. I wont stop fighting to permanently address this problem by restoring active management to our federal forests.
U.S. House approves funding for key Southwest Washington priorities
This week, the U.S. House ensured that resources will be available to keep the Ports of Ilwaco and Chinook passable for commercial boats in 2015, that rural communities will get the emergency services assistance they were promised, that we can fight and prevent wildfires, that cleanup will continue at the Hanford nuclear site, and much more.
We also strengthened oil train safety regulations, sex trafficking programs, salmon recovery, and access to
our
federal forests
Read more about these provisions here.
Fishing-jobs bill passes Congress, heading to Presidents desk
I am pleased to announce that Friday afternoon the U.S. Senate passed my Revitalizing the Economy of Fisheries in the Pacific (REFI) Act. Senator Maria Cantwell (D-WA) and I worked together on this important bill because of the 3,000 fishing jobs it will support in Washington state, many of which are in Pacific County. This bipartisan legislation will give West Coast groundfish fishermen the relief they need to expand their business and support the local economy.
Read more about my bill here.
TOP NEWS
WAHKIAKUM EAGLE:
House passes bill for fisheries
READ MORE HERE
CHRONICLE : Herrera Beutler Praises Efforts of Chehalis Basin Work Group
READ MORE HERE
LONGVIEW DAILY NEWS:
State Salmon Recovery Funding Board funded grants totalling $2.7 million
READ MORE HERE
Thanks State Forester Association!
I was honored to receive an award for my bipartisan forest roads bill that helps protect the 107,000 forest-related jobs here in Washington. Thank you to the National Association of State Foresters for this award, and for your assistance on this vital bill!
Click here to read more about my bill that protected our forest jobs.
Forward to a Friend
|
Share on Facebook
|
Share on Twitter
|
Permalink
Washington, DC Office
1130 Longworth HOB
Washington, DC 20515
Phone: (202) 225-3536
Fax: (202) 225-3478
Vancouver Office
O.O. Howard House (Officers' Row)
750 Anderson Street, Suite B
Vancouver, WA 98661
Phone: (360) 695-6292
Fax: (360) 695-6197
UPDATE SUBSCRIPTION OPTIONS
|
PRIVACY POLICY
|
CONTACT US
