
If you are having trouble viewing this message or would
like to share it on a social network, you can
view the message online .
HOME
ABOUT
ME
CONTACT ME
SERVING YOU
MEDIA CENTER
OUR DISTRICT
RESOURCES
January 20, 2015
ICYMI: Rep.
Yoder Responds to State of the Union Address
Click here to watch Congressman Yoder's response
to the State of the Union Address.
TRANSCRIPT: Good
evening, Im Congressman Kevin Yoder.
Tonight, President Obama
came before a joint session of Congress for the State of the Union
Address.
Like many Kansans, I was
interested to hear the Presidents ideas on how we could solve many of the
challenges facing our country. Kansans are tired of the broken policies
of the past, and they are hopeful that the President will work with
this new Congress to actually get things done for the American people.
Kansans know that taxes are too high, that federal deficits are too
large, and that while there may be plenty of high paying jobs in
Washington, there arent enough at home in
Kansas.
Sadly, the President decided to turn back the clock and double
down on those very broken policies that have hurt our country, slowed
growth, and dimmed the lights of our economic future. Even worse, the
President missed an opportunity to unite our country, and instead he
embraced the tired cynical politics that pit one group of America
against another and weaken and divide our
country.
The Presidents speech touched on many topics tonight but
they all come back to one central set of questions: Do we want an old,
tax and spend, top-down approach that grows big government and borrows
from our children at the expense of our economy and our future
prosperity? Or do we want to go a new direction, where we are unified.
Together, one nation
with a leaner more efficient and effective government,
a government that lives within its means, that keeps our taxes down,
and removes the debt and government weight that slows down our economy
and hurts American workers.
The
Presidents plan to raising taxes on investment and savings will hurt our
economy, slowing job growth and making us more dependent on Washington
DC. Raising taxes on college savings in particular, will make it that
much harder on families to ensure that their children have the tools
necessary for their future. Rather than encourage us to save and
prepare, the President will give away free college education, with higher
taxes and deficits to pay for it.
The
people of Kansas dont want a nation where we are dependent on the
Federal Government for all of our needs. And we know, with all of these
expensive new plans, someone always has to pay
and that someone
always ends up being hard-working American
families.
The House of Representatives has already begun to lay out
its positive vision for a brighter economic future for our children and
grandchildren. Weve begun to pass legislation that will create
energy jobs, jobs for veterans,
that will secure our borders, remove
regulations and keep taxes down on hard working American families. We
must look forward, past the politics of division that have held us
back. Lets unite
and grow the economy for everyone
lets encourage
investment and saving
lets be that Shining City on the Hill
the
beacon of hope and freedom from around the
world.
Its time to roll up our sleeves and get to work - time to
rise to the challenge and stand up for the American
people.
Thank you for listening tonight, and thank you
again for giving me the honor of representing you in the United States
House of Representatives.
Washington, DC
215 Cannon HOB
Washington, DC
20515
Phone: (202) 225-2865
Hours: Monday-Friday
9:00AM
-6:00PM EST
Overland
Park
7325 W. 79th St.
Overland Park, KS 66204
Phone: (913)
621-0832
Fax: (913) 621-1533
Hours: Monday-Friday
8:00AM -5:00PM
CST
Unsubscribe
|
Update My Profile
|
Privacy Policy
gateway mail end
