DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.0 Transitional//EN" "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml1/DTD/xhtml1-transitional.dtd"
Send me an email
|
Forward to a Friend
The remarkable collapse of our trust in government
By Congressman Randy Forbes
January 23, 2015
Do you trust the federal government?
an overwhelming majority of America doesnt. That widely accepted belief hasnt always been the case. In fact, throughout our nations history, Americans have generally trusted government all the time or most of the time, according to historical research from Pew Research Center. Americans
for the most part
generally thought the government was there to create positive outcomes for our nation.
Until a certain point.
Last month, the Washington Post
featured an article with a Pew chart
showing trust trend lines. They called it, The remarkable collapse of our trust in government in one chart. And the change
is
remarkable. It can be pinned to a certain period in our American history; beginning in the late 1960s, trust in government plummeted. Since that point, trust has continued to decline.
Today, the general publics level of trust in government is
near its lowest levels on record. An overwhelming
79%
said they trusted government only some of the time or never.
The Washington Post noted that the change began around the time of the Vietnam War and the Watergate scandal. Its true, Vietnam and Watergate were tumultuous times for our nation
Americans felt they lacked accurate information, thousands of American lives were lost, and people wondered to what end politicians in Washington would go to achieve their personal and political goals. Certainly, these events were major contributors to Americans lack of faith in government.
But there is something else curious about the Pew chart. When you overlay a graph of our
gross public debt , the trend lines are similar. Government spending skyrockets. Trust in government plummets.
I wonder the degree to which the two are related
perhaps
this
is the real truth behind the remarkable collapse in our trust in government.
Across Washington, we have heard some leaders calling for more, bigger government.
They believe government intervention is the answer to fixing most anything ailing our country and our citizens. Government already intrudes into almost every aspect of our daily lives
from our healthcare, to the taxes that we pay on almost everything we touch. Government regulations are stifling our businesses, limiting creativity and innovation, and restricting economic growth. Just ask a small business owner. Just ask a teacher. Just ask a farmer.
In a financial sense, excessive government has caused federal spending to skyrocket. Every year, our federal government spends
billions
of dollars on duplicative, underutilized, and wasteful programs. Our bloated federal debt brought us to sequestration. Its caused us to mortgage our childrens future to pay for yesterdays expenses. In an administrative sense, federal agencies are mismanaged. Whether it is spending on lavish conferences, first-class flights, excessive bonus payments, or special projects agencies decide to fund, taxpayers are weary of the government misusing their hard-earned dollars.
A
2014 Gallup poll
indicates that the American taxpayer believes federal government wastes 51 cents of every hard earned dollar they pay in taxes.
In my view, its no coincidence that when the federal government grew exponentially
not just in spending, but also in scope
Americans started to doubt their faith in our government.
If we are going to allow ourselves to be mothered by the federal government, shouldnt we believe that mother knows best? And for that matter, shouldnt we believe that government has our best interests at heart?
We are individuals and we all have competing interests. Its hardly possible for government to have every individuals best interests at heart.
Our Founding Fathers created the Declaration of Independence and the Constitution of the United States to provide rules for governing our nation. They were created to protect the peoples rights
not to protect the people from themselves.
We must grapple with the ever increasing size, scope, and spending of government. We must restore faith in government by restoring the proper function of government. We must work to ensure a better future for our children and grandchildren, and rebuild confidence that the American dream is still achievable. Government will never be the one to solve our problem. If we are to restore trust in government, we need to give power back where it belongs
with the people.
Home
|
Contact
|
Forward to a Friend
|
Unsubscribe
|
Subscribe
|
Privacy
|
Office Locations
Please do not reply to this message. This email address does not accept incoming messages. To send an email,
click here .
Click Here Click Here