
January 2015 Newsletter
Is this email not displaying correctly? View it in your browser .
January 2015
The day after Republicans won the largest majority in the House of Representatives in almost 100 years and won a significant majority in the Senate, our liberal activist President claimed to hear the voices of all the people who didn&#39;t vote.
It was another example of stunning obstinacy from this President.
It seemed Democrats were melting down, Republicans were unified, and all we had to do was buy enough time to get our Republican reinforcements to Washington in January.
Like President Obama, Speaker Boehner must have heard voices that didn&#39;t vote.
Together they crafted the CR/Omnibus, a $1.1 trillion spending bill which funded the government for 10 months and blocked our newest elected Republicans from advancing conservative policy and delivering on campaign promises.
With this vote, Republicans gave away the best tool available to rein in our liberal activist President: the power of the purse.
The power of the purse is Congress&#39; Constitutional strength.
For the next 10 months, the CR/Omnibus will fulfill Obama&rsquo;s ambition of creating an even larger constituency of dependency on Obamacare. The President&rsquo;s goal has always been to create as much dependency as possible before enforcing the destructive employer mandate.
The CR/Omnibus hands the liberals that victory.
This is unconscionable after watching the campaign rhetoric that won such decisive victories for the GOP.
Department of Homeland Security (DHS) appropriations expire in February, when Republicans will supposedly fight to defund the illegal amnesty plan created by the President.
Does anybody believe that President Obama is concerned about Republicans not funding DHS?
Immigration and Customs Enforcement agents have already sued the Administration for not allowing them to enforce the law.
The Constitution requires the President to faithfully execute the laws of the United States.
He has refused to enforce the laws on border security, Obamacare, illicit drugs, and the release of detained terrorists.
His activism in his last two years has accelerated to include executive amnesty, initiating international climate deals without a treaty, and establishing an embassy in Cuba without consulting Congress.
When our Constitution is under assault and House Republicans give away our Constitutional power of the purse, they share the guilt of abandoning our founding principles.
The CR/Omnibus legislation sufficiently undermines the checks and balances enshrined in the Constitution that it warrants my pending vote against the Speaker.
Speaker Boehner went too far when he teamed with Obama to advance this legislation.
He relinquished the power of the purse, and with it he lost my vote.
Two Good Choices
I congratulate Congressman Louie Gohmert for courageously offering his name as a candidate for Speaker of the House. Louie has a great understanding of the legislative process and the fortitude to challenge the leftist agenda of President Obama.
Read More
Major Fails: CRomnibus Funds Obamacare and Executive Amnesty
Misconceptions about &ldquo;mandatory&rdquo; spending appear to have confused some in the Republican Party regarding our ability to defund Obamacare.
Read More
My Vote Against the CRomnibus Bill
The omnibus bill did not block the President&rsquo;s unconstitutional action, so sixty seven Members of the House, including myself, cosponsored an amendment to block funding, but the amendment was not allowed.
Read More
follow on Twitter
|
friend on Facebook
|
forward to a friend
Copyright &copy; 2015 Congressman Jim Bridenstine, All rights reserved.
You are receiving this email because you opted in at our website or at an event.
Our mailing address is:
Congressman Jim Bridenstine 2448 E 81st St Suite 5150 Tulsa ,
OK
74137 Add us to your address book
unsubscribe from this list
|
update subscription preferences
