
HOME
|
About Mike
|
Contact YOUR Office
|
Serving You
|
Newsroom
|
Legislative Work
|
4th District
|
Resources
WEBSITE
| SHARE ON:
Greetings,
In America, the people rule, not their President.
Today, the House passed H.R. 240, the Department of Homeland Security Appropriations Act.
It uses Congresss power of the purse to stop President Obamas unconstitutional overreach and asserts Congressional control over how your money will be spent on border security and defense against terror threats at home.
Equally as important, it denies the President any taxpayer dollars to support his current refusal to enforce our nations immigration laws.
The graphic below gives an overview of what is covered by this appropriations bill:
(Click on the image to enlarge)
This bill, if it becomes law, will go a long way in maintaining our security here at home.
With more money for the men and women charged with securing our borders and focused spending on preparing to defend against cyber threats from nations like Iran, China, and North Korea.
The original bill was improved by
five amendments , each of which I voted for, aimed at denying the President the ability to use taxpayer dollars to carry out his unconstitutional executive actions related to immigration.
These amendments are needed because no one should be above the Constitution, least of all the President of the United States.
This bill makes it very clear that the Presidents actions related to immigration enforcement are unlawful and that this Republican House will take every opportunity to hold him accountable.
The President himself said
Im not the emperor of the United States ; this bill uses the constitutional powers granted to House of Representatives to ensure that it is so.
I made a promise to the 4 th
District to stop the Presidents blatant executive overreach and I fully intend to keep it.
I look forward to the new Senate doing the same and urge the President to follow his obligation to the American people to behave within the bounds of our founding documents.
If you have any questions about this issue, please call my D.C. office at (202) 225-6216.
Sincerely,
Mike Pompeo
Member of Congress
Connect With Mike
NOTE: Please
DO NOT
respond to this email as this
inbox is unattended . To contact my office please
click here
WASHINGTON, DC OFFICE
436 Cannon HOB
Washington, DC 20515
Phone:
(202) 225-6216
Fax:
(202) 225-3489
WICHITA, KS OFFICE
7701 E. Kellogg, Suite 510
Wichita, KS 67207
Phone:
(316) 262-8992
Fax:
(316) 262-5309
UPDATE SUBSCRIPTION OPTIONS
|
PRIVACY POLICY
|
CONTACT US
Click Here Click Here