
Website
|
About
|
Contact Me
|
Serving You
|
Media Center
|
Legislative Work
|
Our District
|
Resources
February 1, 2015
The Scalise Capitol Report
Celebrating Equal Educational Opportunities for All
This past week our nation celebrated the importance of education with National School Choice Week. Every child in America deserves an equal opportunity to get a quality education, and all parents should be able to choose the best educational options for their children. Im proud of the phenomenal education successes we have achieved in Louisiana, including both charter and private schools. We must protect and expand these beacons of hope for all students and educators across the country. Next month, the House of Representatives will vote on a bill that increases opportunities for school choice as part of broader education reforms.
I am proud to cosponsor this legislation which promotes innovation, quality, and choice within our nations public school system. It is far past time for the federal government to recognize the success of this movement that gives parents and students better educational choices, and to embrace programs that build upon it.
Discussing hope and opportunity in education with students from across the country
Touring the Jefferson Chamber Foundation Academy in Harvey, LA
In addition to National School Choice Week, this past week was also
Catholic Schools Week . Did you know that there are more than 1,970,000 students enrolled in Catholic schools nationwide? In fact, Louisiana has one of the highest Catholic school enrollments in the country. A direct testament to the success of Catholic schools is the national secondary school graduation rate of 99 percent. I believe Catholic schools instill values of faith, knowledge and service in their students, and I am proud they are a part of my familys life.
Ending Human Trafficking
House Republicans passed 12 bipartisan bills last week to crack down and end human trafficking in our nation. This $32 billion a year industry is second only to drug trafficking as the most profitable form of transnational crime. The harsh realities and dangers of sex trafficking could affect 300,000 young Americans each year. Thats completely unacceptable. I'm encouraged that we moved these human trafficking bills so quickly through the House. My hope is that they will now move through the Senate and ultimately to the president's desk. We must seize this opportunity to aggressively combat this problem that shockingly has proliferated all across our country and throughout the world.
Addressing the Threat of a Nuclear Iran
This Administration has a history of giving concessions to our enemies without getting any policy victories in return. I have grave concerns regarding the failed foreign policy decision-making that comes out of the White House, just like when they eased sanctions against Iran without securing a reversal of Iran's nuclear proliferation. The last thing we need is a nuclear-armed Iran; its a danger to Americas national security and poses a serious threat to one of our strongest allies in the Middle East-- Israel. On March 3rd, Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu will address a joint session of Congress. I look forward to and welcome Prime Minister Netanyahu; we are united in our resolve to prevent Iran from attaining a nuclear weapons capability. Congress remains in strong support of our friendship and strategic alliance with Israel.
Increasing American Energy Exports
The House has moved to create more American jobs, grow our economy, and increase our natural gas exports by passing Congressman Bill Johnson's LNG Permitting Certainty and Transparency Act. The U.S. natural gas revolution has dramatically changed the landscape of the global energy market, making America the worlds No. 1 natural gas producer. Unfortunately, our nations energy infrastructure, due to unnecessary red tape and an outdated permitting process, has failed to keep up with todays growing pace of energy production. This critical legislation will bring the liquefied natural gas (LNG) industry into the 21st century and play a crucial role in creating high-paying jobs while increasing American energy exports to global markets. I applaud Chairman Upton and Rep. Johnson for bringing to the floor this much-needed legislation that will create a healthy economy by growing American jobs and strengthening energy security at home and abroad.
It is an honor to represent you in Congress. For more information please visit my
website ,
Twitter ,
Instagram , and
Facebook
pages.
God Bless,
Steve Scalise
House Majority Whip
WEBSITE
|
UNSUBSCRIBE
|
CONTACT
Washington DC Office
2338 Rayburn HOB
Washington, DC 20515
Phone: (202) 225-3015
Houma Office
8026 Main Street
Suite 700
Houma, LA 70360
Phone: (985) 879-2300
Metairie Office
110 Veterans Boulevard
Suite 500
Metairie, LA 70005
Phone: (504) 837-1259
Mandeville Office
21454 Koop Drive
Suite 1E
Mandeville, LA 70471
Phone: (985) 893-9064
Hammond Office
1514 Martens Drive
Suite 10
Hammond, LA 70401
Phone: (985) 340-2185
Click Here Click Here