
If you are having trouble
viewing this message or would like to share it on a social network,
you can
view the message
online .
CONTACT
ABOUT
SERVICES
NEWS
OFFICE
LOCATIONS
Tonights State of the
Union Address
Senator Corker today released the following statement in advance of
President Obamas State of the Union address.
While I know it is the tradition for presidents
to address the nation in this way, I always pay closer attention to
actions after these types of speeches are delivered, said Corker.
Tennesseans are ready for both the Congress and the White House to govern
responsibly and finally focus on growing our economy, repairing our
fiscal house and strengthening our nations role in the world. It is my
hope the president will recognize that the only way to solve some of
the big issues we face and create a stronger, more prosperous nation for
future generations is to roll up his sleeves, provide leadership and
work with this new Congress. If he does that, I think we can begin to
deliver real, long-lasting results for hardworking American
families.
Debut Hearing as Chairman of the Senate Foreign Relations
Committee
Senator Corker will preside over his first hearing as chairman of the
Senate Foreign Relations Committee in a hearing on the status of Iran
nuclear negotiations and the role of Congress tomorrow (Wednesday) at
9:30 a.m. ET. The hearing is scheduled to be webcast live
here .
As chairman, the senator
will work with his colleagues to set the committee agenda and help
carry out the legislative and oversight responsibilities of the
committee.
Tennesseans have given
me the great privilege of serving in the United States Senate, and I am
excited about the opportunity to lead the Senate Foreign Relations
Committee at a time when pragmatic U.S. leadership around the world
matters more than ever to our nations security and prosperity. We look
forward to continuing to strengthen the committees role in the Senate
and working with members of both parties to provide oversight and
accountability to the State Department and its activities
globally.
With limited resources, Congress
must work to ensure the American people that their taxpayer dollars
are used efficiently in advancing U.S. interests. We will begin
conducting immediately a thorough review of all State Department programs and
practices, with the goal of passing a responsible reauthorization of
the department, something Congress has not done in 13 years. We must
also do a better job of explaining how strategic U.S. engagement
overseas improves our economy and makes us safer here at
home.
The United States is confronting
numerous serious challenges around the world, and I'm committed to making
this committee a place where we can have robust and thoughtful debate,
where the views of all members can be heard, and together, we can help
strengthen this nation for generations to
come.
Read more about Senator Corkers election as
chairman of the committee
here .
Key Issues Facing
Congress in the Year Ahead
Appearing on Bloomberg Television with Peter Cook from the
Senate-House Republican retreat on Thursday, Senator Corker discussed
some of the major issues facing Congress in the year ahead including
Iran nuclear negotiations, an authorization for the use of military
force (AUMF) against ISIS, Department of Homeland Security (DHS) funding
in light of President Obamas recent executive action on immigration,
the need for Congress to address housing finance reform, and oversight
of the Federal Reserve.
Click
here
or on the image above to watch the
video.
Honoring Dr. Martin Luther King,
Jr.
Senator Corker released
the following statement yesterday in honor of Dr. Martin Luther King,
Jr.
"As we honor Dr. King's
legacy may his dream inspire us to rededicate ourselves to service
and working together to strengthen our country for future generations,
said Corker.
Tennesseans Visit
Washington
Senator Corker met with
Montgomery County Mayor Jim Durrett, Clarksville Mayor Kim McMillan and
Hopkinsville Mayor Carter Hendricks last week to talk about Fort
Campbells unique capabilities.
Expressing Sympathy for the Loss of Lives in the
Paris Attacks
Senator Corker hosted His Excellency Gerard Araud, the ambassador of
France to the U.S., at the Capitol last week to express his deep
sympathy for the loss of lives in the Paris attacks.
Meeting with Prime
Minister Netanyahu
Senator Corker and a bipartisan Senate delegation met
with Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu yesterday in
Jerusalem.
Home
|
Privacy Policy
|
Unsubscribe
gateway mail
end 