
January 9th, 2015
The Conaway Chronicle: Start of the 114th Congress,
Vote for Speaker of the House , Keystone Pipeline, Supporting our Veterans
__________________________________________
Thank you for reading The Conaway Chronicle, a review of my activities in Congress and the 11th District.
Start of the 114th Congress:
The start of the 114th Congress marks the first time that Republicans have been in control of both the House of Representatives and the Senate in eight years. This is an opportunity for us to make headway on policies that have been stymied by a Democratic Senate for too long.
This week, I had the honor of officially becoming the 50th Chairman of the House Agriculture Committee. This is an incredible responsibility, and I look forward to working on behalf of the farmers, ranchers, and all Americans who rely on these men and women to keep our country going. I am so fortunate that Suzanne was able to join me for this important day. She even donned her Raider red and black for the occasion.
Vote for Speaker of the House:
Many of you have expressed concerns about Rep. Boehner serving another term as Speaker of the House. This is not a decision I took lightly, and I want to take the time to explain this vote to all of you. The legislative battles over the last few years, including those over healthcare, immigration, reducing government spending, and others, have reached a level of tension and partisanship rarely seen in Washington. During the course of these debates, some became concerned with the leadership of Speaker Boehner and believe that his time as Speaker of the House should end. Having worked with Speaker Boehner during my time in Congress, I respectfully disagree with this position. I carefully considered my vote for Speaker of the House and voted for whom I believe was the most qualified person on the ballot.
After the elections in November, House Republicans, including newly elected members, met in conference to discuss nominations for Speaker of the House. No other candidate stepped forward, and we all unanimously agreed that Speaker Boehner was the best choice to lead the House of Representatives. At that time, I gave my word to Speaker Boehner that I would support him as Speaker. My word is a reflection of my integrity, and as such I will always do my best to keep the promises I make through the actions I take. I choose to show the same respect to my colleagues as I do the people of District 11.
Speaker of the House is an important position. In addition to leading the efforts of the House, the Speaker is second in line for presidential succession behind the vice president. The Speaker also decides what legislation is brought to the floor for a vote. Over his tenure as Speaker, Rep. Boehner brought hundreds of conservative bills to the House floor that passed, only to have them die in the Democratic-controlled Senate. These bills included defunding and repealing Obamacare, protecting our second amendment rights, protecting the life of the unborn, approval of the Keystone XL pipeline, and jobs bills that would help thousands of Americans find work. Now that the Senate has a Republican majority, under Speaker Boehners leadership these same bills will now receive the chance to be voted on and passed by both chambers of Congress.
It is important to note, that while I stand behind my vote for Speaker Boehner, I share many disagreements with him that I have made known to the Speaker himself. When these disagreements come to the floor in the form of legislation, I stand by my word and conservative principles and vote against the legislation. In December, I voted against the Speaker and the so-called Cromnibus bill.
I will continue to be open and transparent about my record and the votes I make. You elected me to do a job, and I take this responsibility very seriously. Rest assured, I weigh every decision with the full weight of this responsibility in mind. I make the decisions of my votes based on the thoughts of my constituents as well as my experience, both professionally and personally. When constituents question my decisions on a vote I take, I owe them an explanation on how I came to that decision. I have done that faithfully during my time in Congress and will continue to do so. In representing your interests in Congress, it is very helpful to me to have the benefit of your personal perspective on issues confronting the country. Be assured that when decisions come before the House, I will have the views of my constituents in mind.
I remain committed in my fight to reverse President Obamas liberal policies and to ensure the vision laid out by our Founding Fathers will be passed on to our children and grandchildren.
Keystone Pipeline:
Today, the House of Representatives voted overwhelmingly to pass legislation authorizing construction of the Keystone XL Pipeline. The initial application for the Keystone XL Pipeline was submitted over six years ago, and has undergone a series of reviews which have all deemed the pipeline to be ready for construction. The Senate is expected to vote on this legislation next week.
The Keystone XL Pipeline will create tens of thousands of quality jobs and is expected to bring $2 billion in earnings to the United States, all while making America more energy secure. Unfortunately, President Obama has chosen to play politics with this important project despite the fact that his own Administration has cleared the pipeline for construction. In addition to its job-creating potential, the Keystone XL Pipeline has the potential to help free America from unstable energy sources in the Middle East. By blocking construction of the pipeline, the President is harming our own national security interests. I cosponsored this legislation and proudly voted for it because I believe that this project has been delayed long enough. Its time to build the Keystone XL Pipeline.
Supporting our Veterans:
The men and women who have proudly served our nation deserve access to the same opportunities that every citizen does. This week, the House of Representatives passed the Hire More Heroes Act, which will help small businesses ease the financial burdens of complying with Obamacare and incentivize them to hire veterans. Under this legislation, employers will no longer be required to count those who are receiving healthcare through the Department of Veterans Affairs towards their total number of full-time employees that determines the businesss standing under Obamacare.
This commonsense legislation simply fixes one of Obamacares many faults: it doesn't require businesses to pay for health insurance for those who are already receiving it. Our veterans have proven their dedication and willingness to work. Its time we showed them the same in return.
As always, you can follow me on
Facebook ,
YouTube , and
Twitter .
Sincerely,
Rep. Mike Conaway, 11th District
Click Here
to view this email in your browser
Click Here
to be removed from this list