 for D.C.
It contains compromise language I negotiated to enable the District of Columbia to maintain the full 67 acres at the former Walter Reed Army Medical Center, and provides a pathway for Children's National Medical Center to obtain the old Pathology Building instead of allowing the Department of State to acquire it and tear it down.
The building is perfect for Children's because it contains a state-of-the-art lab.
For the third-straight year, I was able to defeat a gun amendment aimed at undermining D.C.'s current gun laws.
NDAA also contained language that establishes Pershing Park as the World War I Memorial and protects the D.C. War Memorial for D.C. veterans only.
Encouraging a New Era of Police Reform
Last Monday, the President unveiled a plan , I support, to fund 50,000 body-mounted cameras for local law enforcement agencies across the country.
D.C. has already implemented a body-mounted camera pilot program.
In the wake of the Michael Brown and Eric Garner tragedies, Americans are awakening to the need for true police reform. This past Tuesday, I spoke on the House floor about the death of Michael Brown as a chance to expose disparities in our criminal justice system and to initiate a broader and much-needed discussion about racial profiling by law enforcement.
Blocking Anti-Home-Rule Riders From 2015 Spending Bill
I have been working day and night
with leaders from the House and Senate and White House to ensure we defeat the three amendments that try to block D.C.'s right to self-government: a gun amendment that prohibits D.C. from using local funds to enforce local gun laws, a marijuana amendment that prohibits D.C. from using local funds to enforce its locally-passed marijuana laws, and the annual abortion amendment that prohibits D.C. from using its local funds on abortion service for low-income women.
The marijuana amendment is of particular concern, as marijuana legislation has racial implications for the District of Columbia.
Believe me, Democrats are working to undo these harmful amendments.
Two D.C. Committee Chairmen Supporting Home Rule
Last Thursday, I released a statement expressing my gratitude
concerning home-rule statements from the two new chairs with jurisdiction over D.C. affairs, Senator Ron Johnson (R-WI), presumptive chair of the Senate Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs Committee, and Representative Jason Chaffetz (R-UT), chair of the House Oversight and Government Reform Committee.
Final DOL Rule Protects LGBT Federal Contract Workers From Workplace Discrimination
Early last week, the Department of Labor issued a final rule
that implements President Obama's executive order on protecting LGBT federal contract workers from discrimination, the first about federal protection prohibiting this type of discrimination.
Federal protection against discrimination based on gender and sexual orientation in the workplace has been the last frontier in the struggle to ensure a safe, equitable work environment for all American citizens.
Now, Congress must follow suit and pass the Employment Non-Discrimination Act, which will ban discrimination in the private sector based on race, religion, creed, and ethnicity.
Supporting Low-Wage Federal Contract Workers
I spoke at a rally
of hundreds of federally contracted, low-wage fast food workers employed at federal buildings who currently work inflexible hours without benefits, and have no right to unionize.
They held a press conference and launched a strike to get a living wage of $15 per hour.
Congratulating Burrows, Lopez on Being Confirmed by the Senate for Top EEOC Positions
Last week, I cosigned a Congressional Black Caucus letter in support of Charlotte Burrows and P. David Lopez, both of whom received Senate confirmations
to positions in the Equal Employment Opportunity Commission (EEOC), which I once chaired.
Burrows became a new commissioner, and P. David Lopez was confirmed as General Counsel for a second term.
Both are highly capable lawyers with experience that will truly benefit the commission.
Mourning A.J. Cooper, Activist and Candidate for D.C. Council
I was shocked and saddened
to learn that A.J. Cooper, District of Columbia resident and candidate for the D.C. council, passed away last Wednesday morning.
I first got to know A.J. when he worked on teen pregnancy as policy director for the D.C. Campaign to Prevent Teen Pregnancy.
I have spoken with Peggy Cooper Cafritz, my good friend and A.J.'s aunt, to express my condolences, and I send my thoughts and prayers to the entire family and friends of A.J. Cooper.
doctype html
Congresswoman Norton&#8217;s e-Newsletter
December 8, 2014
Legislative Wins for the District in the National Defense Authorization Act
The National Defense Authorization Act (NDAA), which the House passed last Tuesday, contains
important wins
for D.C.
It contains compromise language I negotiated to enable the District of Columbia to maintain the full 67 acres at the former Walter Reed Army Medical Center, and provides a pathway for Children&#8217;s National
Medical Center to obtain the old Pathology Building instead of allowing the Department of State to acquire it and tear it down.
The building is perfect for Children&#8217;s because it contains a state-of-the-art lab.
For the third-straight year, I was able to defeat a gun amendment aimed at undermining D.C.&#8217;s current gun laws.
NDAA also contained language that establishes Pershing Park as the World War I Memorial and protects the D.C. War Memorial for D.C. veterans only.
Encouraging a New Era of Police Reform
Last Monday, the President
unveiled a plan , I support, to fund 50,000 body-mounted cameras for local law enforcement agencies across the country.
D.C. has already implemented a body-mounted camera pilot program.
In the wake of the Michael Brown and
Eric Garner tragedies, Americans are awakening to the need for true police reform. This past Tuesday, I spoke on the House floor about the death of Michael Brown as a chance to expose disparities in our criminal justice system and to initiate a broader and
much-needed discussion about racial profiling by law enforcement.
Blocking Anti-Home-Rule Riders From 2015 Spending Bill
I have been working
day and night
with leaders from the House and Senate and White House to ensure we defeat the three amendments that try to block D.C.&#8217;s right to self-government: a gun amendment that prohibits D.C. from using local funds to
enforce local gun laws, a marijuana amendment that prohibits D.C. from using local funds to enforce its locally-passed marijuana laws, and the annual abortion amendment that prohibits D.C. from using its local funds on abortion service for low-income women.
The marijuana amendment is of particular concern, as marijuana legislation has racial implications for the District of Columbia.
Believe me, Democrats are working to undo these harmful amendments.
Two D.C. Committee Chairmen Supporting Home Rule
Last Thursday, I released a statement expressing my
gratitude
concerning home-rule statements from the two new chairs with jurisdiction over D.C. affairs, Senator Ron Johnson (R-WI), presumptive chair of the Senate Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs Committee, and
Representative Jason Chaffetz (R-UT), chair of the House Oversight and Government Reform Committee.
Final DOL Rule Protects LGBT Federal Contract Workers From Workplace Discrimination
Early last week, the Department of Labor issued a
final rule
that implements President Obama&#8217;s executive order on protecting LGBT federal contract workers from discrimination, the first about federal protection prohibiting this type of discrimination.
Federal protection
against discrimination based on gender and sexual orientation in the workplace has been the last frontier in the struggle to ensure a safe, equitable work environment for all American citizens.
Now, Congress must follow suit and pass the Employment Non-Discrimination
Act, which will ban discrimination in the private sector based on race, religion, creed, and ethnicity.
Supporting Low-Wage Federal Contract Workers
I spoke at a
rally
of hundreds of federally contracted, low-wage fast food workers employed at federal buildings who currently work inflexible hours without benefits, and have no right to unionize.
They held a press conference and launched
a strike to get a living wage of $15 per hour.
Congratulating Burrows, Lopez on Being Confirmed by the Senate for Top EEOC Positions
Last week, I cosigned a Congressional Black Caucus letter in support of Charlotte Burrows and P. David Lopez, both of whom received Senate
confirmations
to positions in the Equal Employment Opportunity Commission (EEOC), which I once chaired.
Burrows became a new commissioner, and P. David Lopez was confirmed as General Counsel for a second term.
Both are
highly capable lawyers with experience that will truly benefit the commission.
Mourning A.J. Cooper, Activist and Candidate for D.C. Council
I was
shocked and saddened
to learn that A.J. Cooper, District of Columbia resident and candidate for the D.C. council, passed away last Wednesday morning.
I first got to know A.J. when he worked on teen pregnancy as policy director
for the D.C. Campaign to Prevent Teen Pregnancy.
I have spoken with Peggy Cooper Cafritz, my good friend and A.J.&#8217;s aunt, to express my condolences, and I send my thoughts and prayers to the entire family and friends of A.J. Cooper.
Thanks for subscribing!
Follow Congresswoman Norton on
Facebook ,
Twitter ,
Instagram ,
YouTube , or her
website
for more updates.
Capitol Hill Office
2136 Rayburn HOB
Washington, D.C. 20515
Phone: (202) 225-8050
Fax: (202) 225-3002
S.E. District Office
2041 Martin Luther King Jr. Ave., S.E.
Washington, D.C. 20020
Phone: (202) 678-8900
Fax: (202) 678-8844
Main District Office
90 K Street, N.E., Suite 100
Washington DC 20001
Phone: (202) 408-9041
Fax: (202) 408-9048
To unsubscribe from our list, please click here .
