
If you are having trouble viewing this
message or would like to share it on a social network, you can
view the message online .
About Lynn
|
Constituent Services
|
Issues
|
Media Center
|
Legislative
Center
|
Georgia's Third District
|
Contact Me
January 11, 2015
House Passes Jobs Bills in First Week of 114th
Congress
This week, the
House passed three bills to provide job opportunities and security, and
stability to American energy production. The three bills were H.R. 22,
the Hire More Heroes Act of 2015, H.R. 30, the Save American Workers
Act, and H.R. 3, Keystone Pipeline XL Act. I strongly supported each
of these bills.
House Republicans
have always made their priority jobs, and this week we have once again
proved our commitment to getting all Americans back to work. First,
we passed the Hire More Heroes Act of 2015, which creates incentives
for businesses to hire veterans by allowing businesses to exempt
employees with healthcare through the Department of Defense or Veterans
Affairs from being subject to Obamacares employer mandate. By exempting
them from the employer mandate tax, businesses can use this tool to hire
those who gave so much for our nation by providing stable jobs
following their
service.
Obamacare has also done a tremendous amount of damage to our workforce in
terms of what is defined as full-time employment. The healthcare law
defines full-time as 30 hours a week and employers must provide health
coverage to employees who meet those hours. Many businesses have
reduced employees to part-time hours, or just below 30 hours, to avoid
having to purchase more health benefits or else be forced to pay a fine to
the federal government. The Saving American Workers Act the House
passed this week changes the definition of full-time employment back to
40 hours a week, meaning more employees can work longer hours and
small businesses arent subject to being fined by the government. It
helps middle-class Americans keep the jobs and hours they have by
relieving the employers from the burden of Obamacare and its hefty fines. I
support a full repeal of Obamacare, and these bills are another step
forward in breaking down this job-killing healthcare
law.
Finally, the House approved the construction of
the Keystone Pipeline XL, which has been stalled by the administration
for over six years. This is a step towards greater American energy
independence and will provide both direct and indirect jobs as a result
of the construction.
I am
thankful to have the Senate on the peoples side in passing these bills
and sending them to the presidents desk. Together, we can provide
opportunities to those looking for jobs, and relief to the hard working
business owners who hire them. These bills are just the start of
getting the peoples priorities addressed in Washington, putting jobs and
the economy first as we put our nation back on the right
track.
The Hire More Heroes Act of 2015, Saving
American Workers Act of 2015, and Keystone XL Approval will now head
to the Senate, where Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell will
schedule them for a vote. I look forward to their quick passage and
encourages President Obama to put politics aside and sign these bills into
law.
Share on Facebook
Share on
Twitter
Capitol Corner: New Year, New Republican
Congress
January 6, 2015 marks a new era for the
Republican party
its not only the first day of session in the 114th
Congress, but its the day the Republicans take back control of both
chambers. Its the day we get our nation headed back in the right
direction.
The American people had
their voices heard this past November. They dont want Executive Orders,
they dont want the EPA reaching into their farmland, and they dont
want the IRS fear mongering and targeting them for their political
beliefs. They want government bureaucrats out of their healthcare, they
want to increase American made energy, and most importantly, the
American people want job
stability.
Republicans plan to do just that. This spring we have the opportunity to
return to regular order, meaning we can address the deficit and out of
control government spending through smaller appropriations bills. By
passing bills individually instead of package deals, we can cut
wasteful spending in departments and agencies to reduce the size of the
government.
The new Senate majority
has also announced it will start with approving the long overdue
construction of the Keystone XL pipeline. It will boost thousands of much
needed direct and indirect jobs that have been stalled by President
Obama and Senate Democrats for six years. Keystone XL pipeline provides
stability, something many Americans havent experienced for years.
Dozens of other jobs and energy bills that have passed the House and have
been sitting on Minority Leader Harry Reids desk finally have a chance
at helping Americans and businesses get back on the right
path.
I look forward to working with my
colleagues in both the House and Senate to find solutions for all
Americans. We will focus on empowering citizens both at work and home,
building a healthy economy, holding government accountable, and promoting
opportunity for all. 2015 is fresh start for our nation, and I will
continue to fight for a better America for our children and
grandchildren.
Share on
Facebook
Share on Twitter
Join the Conversation
Tell a
Friend
E-mail:
In
Other News
Laying Down the
L.A.W. Blog:
Westmoreland's 2014 Year in
Review
As we begin this New Year and the new era for
the Republican Party, I believe it is a great time to reflect on the
past and look confidently toward the future...
Westmoreland Constituent Response Letter on
Boehner for Speaker Re-election
Click
here to view my response to this weeks speaker of the house
elections...
The Atlanta
Journal-Constitution: Mercedes confirms metro Atlanta U.S. headquarters
move
Mercedes-Benz, the storied German automaker, confirmed
on Tuesday weeks of speculation that the company will move its U.S.
division headquarters to metro Atlanta...
Fox Business: U.S. Economy Adds More Jobs Than Views in
December
The U.S. added 252,000 jobs in December,
offering further evidence that labor markets are well on their way to a
sustained recovery after years of fits and starts following the 2008
financial crisis...
Fox
News: French police kill Paris massacre suspects, hostage-taking ally in
separate raids
Near-simultaneous raids by French
police Friday evening at locations 25 miles apart took out the Islamist
brothers behind Wednesday's massacre at a Paris satirical magazine, and
a cop-killing crony who had seized hostages at a Paris grocery on
their behalf, but also left at least four hostages dead, according to
authorities and reports from the scene...
The Wall Street Journal: Community College Plan to Cost
$60 Billion Over 10 Years
The White House announced
on Friday that its plan to provide free community college to all
students would cost the federal government about $60 billion over 10
years...
Washington Post: Boston
selected by U.S. Olympic Committee as U.S. bid city for 2024
Olympics
The U.S. Olympic Committee selected Boston on
Thursday as the city it feels represents the best chance to return the
Olympics to American soil. In bypassing Washington and two other cities for
the right to bid on the 2024 Summer Games, USOC officials opted for a
cost-efficient vision put forward by Bostons supporters that relies
heavily on the citys array of universities and public
spaces
WASHINGTON, DC OFFICE 2433
Rayburn House Office Bldg Washington, DC 20515 Phone (202)
225-5901 Fax (202) 225-2515
THIRD DISTRICT
OFFICE
1601-B East
Highway 34 Newnan, Georgia 30265 Phone (770) 683-2033 Fax (770)
683-2042
Unsubscribe
|
Update My
Profile
|
Privacy Policy
gateway mail
end 