
Share:
Click here to view this
message in your browser
December 30, 2014
Dear David,
As 2014 comes to a close, I want to let you know that it has been an honor serving you and the people of the Second Congressional District. The last two years have not been easy for our communities. The tragic mudslide that devastated the Oso, Darrington and Arlington communities forever changed the lives of many people throughout Northwest Washington. The healing process continues today, and I am humbled by the strength of the first responders, community leaders, friends and neighbors who continue to come together to support one another.
We also lost five young people in the appalling shooting at Marysville-Pilchuck High School that so violently ripped apart the Marysville and Tulalip communities. Two months later, the pain is still sharp, yet students, teachers, families and community leaders have shown their resilience in joining together to celebrate these young people&rsquo;s lives, though they were cut terribly short. My thoughts and prayers are with all of those suffering a loss this holiday season.
As we remember the hardest moments, I also want to reflect on a few successes from the last couple of years and some of the ways our communities have grown stronger. Investing in our roads, bridges, highways and ferries is one of the best ways to create jobs and grow our local economy. We cannot have a big league economy with little league infrastructure. I was pleased to keep the
Mukilteo Ferry Terminal
moving forward, which will help reduce congestion and serve as a transportation hub in Snohomish County. After the Skagit River Bridge collapse last year, I worked quickly with officials at all levels of government to
expedite bridge repairs to keep people and commerce moving
along the I-5 corridor.
About forty percent of jobs in Washington state are tied to trade, and helping our businesses export their goods to new markets is an important way we create jobs here at home. My
District Export Promotion Program
connects small businesses with resources to help send the things we make, instead of our jobs, overseas. Washington state also received nearly $500,000 in federal funds this year to help businesses overcome hurdles to exporting their goods.
In the Pacific Northwest, we know protecting the environment is essential to our way of life. That is why I was so pleased to lead efforts to protect
Illabot Creek
in the Skagit Valley, and to save the historic
Green Mountain Lookout , an icon of our outdoor heritage. I also helped local residents push successfully to create the
San Juan National Monument
to preserve the wildlife and landscapes that draw thousands of tourists each year. These and many other open spaces in Northwest Washington are part of what make our region unique, and I will continue working to protect Washington state&rsquo;s environment.
The success of our economy and our democracy depend on all Americans&rsquo; participation.
I worked hard to break down barriers to protect people&rsquo;s fundamental right to vote, to reform our country&rsquo;s broken immigration system, and to build a stronger middle class. While there is much more work to do, I am honored to use my voice and my vote to expand opportunities for people to contribute to our communities.
Hearing from you is critical in guiding the work that I do while I am in Washington, D.C. Your letters, phone calls, emails and visits help me better understand your stories and the issues that are important to you. Some highlights from the last two years of talking with you include:
Responses to more than 111,000 emails, calls and letters.
Successful assistance to 550 constituents facing issues with federal agencies.
3 telephone town halls, 9 community coffees and 14 roundtables with veterans.
Through the hardships and triumphs, I deeply appreciate the chance to work for you and the people of the Second Congressional District. I hope you will keep in touch next year. And from my family to yours, I wish you a happy and safe New Year.
Sincerely,
Rick Larsen
United States Representative
Washington State, 2nd Congressional District
Sign Up for Updates
|
Contact my Office
Unsubscribe
