
Mail begin
If you are having trouble viewing
this message or would like to share it on a social network, you can
view the message
online .
HOME
ABOUT ME
CONTACT
ME
SERVING YOU
MEDIA CENTER
OUR
DISTRICT
RESOURCES
December 29, 2014
Investing in America
Again
After the Great Recession at the
end of the last decade, Americans hoped for the historic post-recession
bump that our economy has always experienced. Grounded in unending
American optimism, fueled by tireless effort and ingenuity, we were
primed and prepared to regain our economic foothold and put Americans back
to work.
Unfortunately and unsurprisingly,
Washington had different ideas.
Leaders on Capitol Hill decided the
economy had failed because the regulators hadnt controlled it enough,
the IRS hadnt taxed it enough, and bureaucrats hadnt mandated enough.
The Washington establishment tried everything it could to do exactly
the opposite of what the economy needed, dreaming up a laundry list of
policies that siphoned off the certainty and predictability that
encourages investment.
One
major culprit in the Washington slow-down of our economy has been the
2,300 pages of red tape passed in the waning months of the Democratic
controlled Congress in 2010. Named after its authors, former Senator
Chris Dodd (D-CT) and Representative Barney Frank (D-MA.), this
legislation was full of provisions harassing everyone from realtors to
auto-dealers to banks of all stripes and sizes.
As then-White House Chief
of Staff Rahm Emanuel said, never let a crisis go to waste. Liberal
House and Senate leaders took every big government tool they could
imagine and built a dam in front of the flow of capital and investment
in our economy.
Thousands of pages of rules and
regulations later, a predictable bottle-neck on investment and growth
put a strong drag on our economy.
Its no wonder we've seen the
worst recovery following a recession in the post-World War
II-Era.
The recession was bad, but the destructive policies in the tender
moment of recovery have been even worse.
The
bitter-irony of all of these big government plans?
As the cost of
government regulations rises to almost $2 trillion dollars this year,
hard-working families end up paying the bill. In Wyandotte County, one
new EPA regulation alone is set to cost $250 million to the Board of
Public Utilities. A typical familys utility bill is set to spike over 20
percent.
Income inequality has risen and
the average Americans take home pay has failed to keep pace with
inflation. The labor force participation rate is at its lowest point in
36 years. Only 29 percent of Americans believe the US economy is in
good shape.
If we have any hope of growing the
earning power of the American family, we must encourage investment in
America again.
That starts by undoing the most burdensome
regulations that discourage lending and slow financial capital from flowing to
new job creation.
Recently, a bipartisan effort
in both houses of Congress did just that by amending an unneeded and
duplicative Washington regulation. Section 716 of Dodd-Frank was so
extreme and unnecessary that Barney Frank didn't even propose it in the
original House version of the bill. Even former Federal Reserve Chairman
Ben Bernanke called Section 716 counter-productive,
a
provision that would lead to more systematic risk." Keeping a mind toward a
better balance between regulation and freedom, Congress took the first
step toward undoing the provisions of Dodd-Frank that make it harder
for our economy to recover and grow.
By
amending Section 716 of Dodd-Frank, we will allow banks to cover their
risk, invest, and lend to American businesses again. Over two-thirds of
the House - including 70 Democrats - took action to make banking
safer, specifically commodities markets for agriculture and energy
producers, while not exposing the American taxpayer to further liability. To
be unequivocally clear, taxpayer bailouts relating to the
credit-default swaps on mortgage-backed securities that were to blame for the 2008
meltdown remain prohibited.
The moderate
Bi-Partisan Policy Center, founded in part by Bob Dole, hailed this as an
example of a smart regulatory achievement that fixes a costly and
unnecessary provision. They called it a move that will lead to economic
growth."
As the economy finally begins to reemerge, the last thing we need is
further regulation to stifle investment and growth. Now that this
proposal has been signed into law, perhaps there is a crack in the seam.
Perhaps this is a model to show how the two parties can work together to
put the economy and American workers ahead of over-regulation and
Washington control. Its time to begin investing in America
again.
President Signs ABLE Act Into Law
Click here to watch Fox 4 News' coverage of the
ABLE Act.
Recently, the president signed
the ABLE Act into law. This is a commonsense, bipartisan law that I
was proud to cosponsor. It will help millions of Americans achieve a
better, independent future.
I was first made aware of
this proposal in the early days of my Congressional career in 2011
when Jonathan, Jawanda, and Rachel Mast from Olathe brought it to my
attention. I want to say thank you to the Masts for their efforts over
the years, and to Rachel - I look forward to hopefully joining you when
you go to the bank to open your ABLE account.
President Announces Shift in Cuba Policy
I applaud the
release of Alan Gross and am pleased to see his safe return to America.
While his welcome home is long awaited, it is unfortunate that the
President has again decided to negotiate the release of an innocent
American in return for guilty foreign nationals. The implication of
negotiating with Cuba, a State Sponsor of Terror, sends a dangerous message to
those who would seek to do the 6-million-plus American citizens
living abroad harm.
While I always
seek ways to broaden markets for Kansas products, I am further
concerned that any economic benefit of the Presidents unilateral decision
will not reach the Cuban people who have long been oppressed by the
Castro regime. Without freedom for the people of Cuba it is not possible
for our relations to really be normalized. It is my sincere hope that
the President will seek congressional approval for these policy
changes and any future related decisions.
Overland Park
Rotary Club
Congressman Yoder with Gerry Ray in Overland
Park.
Click here to
follow me on Instagram @RepKevin Yoder.
It was great to see
Gerry Ray at the Overland Park Rotary Club meeting two weeks ago.
Gerry was my predecessor in the Kansas State House of Representatives and
remains a good friend to this day.
Congressional Forum
Congressman Yoder poses with the Doctor's
Notes.
It was a pleasure to be in downtown Kansas City,
Kansas two weeks ago at the KCK Chamber of Commerce monthly
Congressional Forum meeting. Theyve been meeting monthly for 46 years and have
never missed a meeting. I spoke about the 2015 spending bill, the ABLE
Act, the presidents shift on Cuba policy, digital privacy, and much
more. Also, special thank you to the Doctors Notes, an A-Capella group
of medical students from the University of Kansas Medical Center for
bringing some holiday cheer to the meeting.
Happy New Year
Congressman Yoder and David Perryman at the Hy-Vee in Mission,
KS.
Click here to follow me on
Twitter @RepKevin Yoder.
It was good to visit with my friend
David Perryman once again this holiday season. David has rang the
Salvation Army bell for 19 years at the Hy-Vee in Mission. Hes a great
example of service to us all. Thank you, David and all those who take time
to serve others now and throughout the year.
From my family to yours, have a safe and
Happy New Year.
Congressional Swearing-In
Events
Next week, the 114th Congress will be sworn in for the new
session. We'll be hosting a few events at my office in Washington, DC.
Any Kansans visiting for the ceremony are welcome to join
us.
Monday, January 5th
My staff will be
offering a personal tour of the Capitol Building. Those interested
should meet in 215 Cannon House Office Building at 3:45
PM.
Tuesday, January 6th
The swearing-in ceremony will
begin at 12:00 PM at the Capitol. Guests are welcome to watch on the
TVs in my office. There will be a reception following the ceremony at
3:30 PM in the office where guests can meet and greet my family and
staff.
Fact of the
Week
North Korea's recent hack of Sony Pictures was at least the
27th publicly-known, large-scale hack on US companies in
2014.
Timeline of Events: Dodd-Frank Section
716
April 2010:
Senator Blanche Lincoln (D-AR) offers an
amendment to HR 4173, the Dodd-Frank financial reform bill, to insert
Section 716 - the swaps push out provision. Neither the original House
nor Senate proposals included the provision. It is not subject to debate
by the full House of Representatives.
May
2010:
Federal Reserve Chairman Ben Bernanke criticizes the inclusion of
Section 716 in the financial reform package. In a letter to the
Senate Banking Commitee, Bernanke says, "I am concerned that Section 716 in
its present form would make the US financial system less resilient
and more susceptible to systemic risk, and thus, is inconsistent with
the important goals of financial reform
legislation."
July 2010:
Dodd-Frank becomes law with Section 716
included.
May 2012:
The House Financial Services
Committee passes HR 1838 by voice vote, the Swaps Bailout Prevention
Act, introduced by Rep. Nan Hayworth (R-NY). The bill repeals Section
716 of Dodd-Frank. It is never considered by the full House of
Representatives.
September 2013:
The House
Financial Services Committee passes HR 992, the Swaps Regulatory
Improvement Act, by a 53-6 vote. The bill was introduced by Rep. Randy
Hultgren (R-IL) and amends Section 716 to fix it.
October
2013:
HR 992 passes the full House of Representatvies by a
292-122 vote. It is never considered by the full
Senate.
July 2014:
Congressman Yoder offers an amendment based
on the language of HR 992 to HR 5016, the Financial Services
Appropriations Bill, during its consideration by the full House Appropriations
Committee. After debate and discussion, the Committee passes the
amendment by voice vote.
July 2014:
HR 5016
passes the full House of Representatives by a 228-195
vote.
December 2014:
The full House of
Representatvies passes HR 83, the Consolidated Appropriations Act - otherwise known
as the "CRomnibus" spending bill for 2015 - by a 219-206 vote. The
CRomnibus includes HR 5016 as one of 12 appropriations bills consolidated
into one package, per standard appropriations
procedure.
December 2014:
The full Senate passes HR 83 by a
56-40 vote.
December 2014:
President
Obama signs HR 83 into law.
Frequently Asked
Questions
Q) Was Section 716 included in the originally
proposed House or Senate versions of the Dodd-Frank financial reform
bill?
A) No. The provision was added into the Senate
version by former-Senator Blanche Lincoln (D-AR). It was not deliberated
by the House of Representatives, but was included in the final
package.
Q) Did major regulators at the time support
the inclusion of Section 716 in the final bill?
A) No.
Former-Federal Reserve Chairmen Ben Bernanke and Paul Volcker, as well as
former-FDIC Chairwoman Sheila Bair warned that the provision would
actually create more risk and uncertainty in the financial
system.
Q) Did Section 716 ban all forms of derivatives
trading?
A) No. Over 90% of derivatives trading would still
be allowed, even if Section 716 were to go into effect without being
amended.
Q) What is the actual value of a swap
transaction to a bank?
A) Banks use swaps to protect themselves
from risk, not create more risk. Lending is actually the riskiest
activity banks partake in, and by engaging in swaps transactions, banks
hedge against potential risk and make their institutions more
secure.
Q) Does the amendment introduced by Congressman
Yoder change any existing policies in place
today?
A) No. The amendment was included in the spending bill in order to
prevent Section 716 from becoming operative next July. The amendment
allows commodity swaps to remain as a part of banks' regulated
portfolios, just as they are today, rather than be pushed out onto the
unregulated, shadowy banking sector that Section 716 would have required them
to.
Q) Are the riskiest types of credit default
swaps on mortgage-backed securities that were to blame for the 2008
financial crisis still banned even after the amendment fixes Section
716?
A) Yes. The amendment offered by Congressman Yoder
does not change policy relating to these types of risky swaps. They will
still be required to be pushed out of the banks' normal
portfolios.
Q) Does this amendment provide new taxpayer
bailout protection to banks?
A) No. The amendment actually
allows banks to protect themselves against risk, which provides for
greater protections against taxpayer bailouts than would have existed if
Section 716 were to be allowed to go into effect
unchanged.
Q) Was Congressman Yoder's amendment added into the
spending bill at the last minute with no debate or
discussion?
A) No. The provision was debated by three full House
Committees, passed the House of Representatives three times, and has been
supported by large numbers of Democrats and Republicans each time. It has
arguably been debated more extensively than any other potential fix to
Dodd-Frank.
Q) Does the amendment only benefit
large, Wall Street banks?
A) No. Smaller regional
banks, farmers, energy producers, manufacturers, and other Main Street
businesses are positively affected by this fix. For example, the owner
of a trucking company who wants to lock in low gas prices, allowing
him to spend capital elsewhere to grow his business, may continue to do
so. Should Section 716 have been allowed to go into effect unchanged,
his ability to make that every-day business transaction with his
regional bank would have been jeopardized or eliminated
completely.
Kansas City Regional Home Care Association
Award
Recently, I was honored to receive the Kansas City Regional Home Care
Associations Noni McCall Legislative Award.
Although votes in Washington prevented me from accepting the award in
person, I am grateful for the KCRHCA committee members and their efforts
to recognize the outstanding home care, hospice, home infusion, and
medical equipment suppliers that provide quality services to our friends
and neighbors. I am proud of the dedicated service home care companies
provide to seniors in the Third District and look forward to working
with Rick Lane and his colleagues across the region.
Legislative Week Ahead
The House of Representatives will
resume business when the 114th Congress is sworn in on January 6,
2015.
Staff Community Office Hours
A member of
my staff will be available to help you navigate problems with federal
agencies. Everything from VA, Social Security, and Medicare benefits to
getting your passport. Stop by the locations below at the listed
times.
3:30 - 5:00 PM on
January 21, 2015
West
Wyandotte Library
1737 N. 82nd St.
Kansas City,
Kansas 66112
11:30 AM - 1:00 PM
on February 27, 2015
Olathe
Library
Indian Creek Branch
12990 S. Black
Bob Rd.
Olathe, Kansas 66062
Washington, DC
215 Cannon
HOB
Washington, DC 20515
Phone: (202) 225-2865
Hours:
Monday-Friday
9:00AM -6:00PM EST
Overland Park
7325 W. 79th St.
Overland
Park, KS 66204
Phone: (913) 621-0832
Fax: (913)
621-1533
Hours: Monday-Friday
8:00AM -5:00PM CST
Unsubscribe
|
Update My Profile
|
Privacy Policy
