
December 12th, 2014
Click here
if you have trouble viewing this email
ABOUT DENNIS
|
SERVING YOU
|
NEWSROOM
|
ISSUES &amp; LEGISLATION
|
15TH DISTRICT
|
CONTACT
15th District Update
Dear Neighbor,
As we near the end of 2014,
the One Hundred Thirteenth United States Congress also comes to a close. In the last two years we had many accomplishments, as well as some disappointing setbacks. As a Senior Deputy Majority Whip, I will continue to ensure conservative priorities and solutions are presented at the leadership table in the year to come.
Week in Review
On Tuesday, I met with House Majority Leader Kevin McCarthy to discuss the 2015 House Republican legislative agenda. During this meeting I brought up a few key issues that my colleagues and I must address. First and foremost, we must pass a strong border security bill. This past summer, we saw an overwhelming amount of undocumented migrants cross our southern borders. During this next congress, addressing President Obama's executive action and strengthening our border security need to be two of the first items we address.
On Thursday, after much debate, the House of Representatives passed H.R. 83, the
Consideration and Further Continuing Appropriations Act of 2015 , also known as the FY15 Omnibus .
As promised, my colleagues and I fulfilled our Constitutional duty to fund the federal government and did not allow a government shutdown.
This funding bill reflects conservative priorities with the lowest discretionary spending levels in nearly a decade. The result is an overall decrease of $176 billion in discretionary spending since FY 2010. When I ran for office, I made a promise I would cut spending. This legislation accomplishes that.
It is important to remember the House of Representatives were forced to consider the recent omnibus funding measure because
Senate Democrats refused to take up any of the House passed appropriation bills this year.
As a result, House Republicans had to clean up Harry Reids mess.
As Republicans, we constantly preach the importance of planning for both businesses and families. Governing from crisis to crisis is inefficient, and counterintuitive to these ideals.
This legislation is pro-business, pro-life, pro-gun, pro-Veteran, and pro-Florida agriculture. It prohibits the Obama administration from using funds to limit the rights of gun owners. It also protects the sanctity of the unborn, repeals several regulatory strangleholds on families and businesses, and ensures taxpayers no longer fund political conventions. In addition, this legislation provides critical funding to process backlogged VA claims.
Also, the omnibus funds the Department of Homeland Security only until February 27, 2015. This will provide Republicans the best opportunity to challenge President Obamas executive order on immigration when we have a majority in both the House and the Senate. I welcome this fight to hold the president accountable, not only to the laws of our land, but also to the American people.
This package also includes provisions that will hold agencies accountable by putting the brakes on harmful federal regulations. It will prioritize funding for important programs that will strengthen American innovation, bolster job creation, and allow our businesses to thrive.
This legislation is also crucial for Florida agriculture. It provides an additional $4.5 million to combat citrus greening
which is decimating the Florida citrus industry. It also includes a restriction on the Grain Inspection, Packers and Stockyards Administration from implementing regulations harmful to the livestock and poultry industry. This is important because Florida is home to four of the ten largest beef cow-calf operations in the U.S. In addition, there is language that would prevent burdensome regulations that would harm farmers and ranchers from obtaining a loan and expanding their business.
To have a better understanding of the bill, please read my press release for highlights of H.R. 83, the
Consideration and Further Continuing Appropriations Act of 2015 :
http://dennisross.house.gov/news/documentsingle.aspx?DocumentID=398231
You may also listen to my interview with Gordon Deal on Wall Street Journal radio for a detailed explanation of the Omnibus bill:
https://soundcloud.com/wsjthismorning/whats-in-the-trillion-dollar-budget-deal
As always, please continue to
write ,
call , and
email
your opinions to my office. I could not effectively represent you in Congress without the advice of my constituents. It is an honor and a privilege to serve you in Congress.
Your Congressman,
Dennis A. Ross
WASHINGTON, D.C. OFFICE
229 Cannon HOB
Washington, D.C. 20515
T(202) 225-1252
F(202) 226-0585
LAKELAND OFFICE
170 Fitzgerald Rd., Ste 1
Lakeland, FL 33813
T(863) 644-8215
T(813) 752-4790
F(863) 648-0749
UPDATE SUBSCRIPTION OPTIONS
|
PRIVACY POLICY
|
CONTACT US
Click Here Click Here