
It&rsquo;s the start of a new Congress. Republicans are in control of the Senate. And who did they pick to chair a subcommittee on science and space exploration?
Friend -- It&rsquo;s the start of a new Congress. Republicans are in control of the Senate. And who did they pick to chair a subcommittee on science and space exploration?
We&rsquo;re in disbelief! They want Ted Cruz, who denies that climate change is caused by humans, to run the subcommittee that oversees the government&rsquo;s space and science programs?
Add your name: Demand Republicans remove Cruz! We need 50,000 signers by noon tomorrow!
Your Action History
Last Petition Signed:
N/A
Demand to Remove Cruz:
Signature Pending &gt;&gt;
Let&rsquo;s review why Ted Cruz is the WORST pick to chair the Subcommittee on Space, Science, and Competitiveness:
Despite the overwhelming scientific evidence, he refuses to accept that climate change is caused by humans, calling it a &ldquo;so-called scientific theory&rdquo;
He is constantly pressing for cuts to federal science and health programs, including NASA
He orchestrated the disastrous federal government shutdown of 2013, which kept workers home without pay and stopped life-saving scientific research
Simply put? Ted Cruz could be a DISASTER for America&rsquo;s highly-regarded space and science programs. He&rsquo;s absolutely the wrong choice for this position.
Sign our petition to tell Republicans to remove and replace Cruz!
Thanks for your help,
DSCC Breaking News
P.S. We see that your 2014 membership has expired.
Will you renew your Democratic membership for 2015 to help us fight back against GOP science deniers?
Democratic Senatorial Campaign Committee
P.O. Box 96047
Washington, DC 20090
Paid for by the Democratic Senatorial Campaign Committee, dscc.org,
and not authorized by any candidate or candidate&#39;s committee.
The DSCC is the only organization solely dedicated to supporting Democrats in the U.S. Senate. This message was sent to dj724530@gmail.com because you are a part of the DSCC&rsquo;s grassroots network. Please add us to your address book or approved senders list to make sure you keep receiving DSCC updates.
Emails are a critical way for us to stay in touch with our grassroots supporters. 99% of the DSCC&rsquo;s contributions come from grassroots donors giving less than $200. We also strive to keep you updated on issues related to the Democratic Party&rsquo;s values.
If you&rsquo;d like to stop receiving emails related to this campaign, please
click here .
If you&#39;d like to make a contribution to support us, please
click here . We are already beginning to prepare for the fight ahead &ndash; reclaiming the majority in 2016. It will take every single grassroots supporter, but we know it&rsquo;s possible with your help. If you&rsquo;d like to stop receiving all emails from the DSCC, please
unsubscribe . We greatly appreciate your continued support.
Contributions or gifts to the DSCC are not tax deductible.
