
If you are having
trouble viewing this message or would like to share it on a social
network, you can
view the
message online .
HOME
ABOUT
CONTACT ME
SERVING YOU
MEDIA CENTER
ISSUES &amp;
LEGISLATION
OUR DISTRICT
December 19, 2014
Dear Friend,
This
week President Obama announced an end to the decades-long embargo on
Cuba. Thankfully, we also saw the release of Alan Gross, an American who
had been working for USAID when he was arrested in Cuba in 2009 and
was unjustly detained in Havana for the last five years. I welcome the
news of Alans return to his family, but unfortunately, the Cuban
government continues to hold prisoners who have dared to challenge the
Castro regime and speak in favor of the freedom the Cuban people
deserve.
Congress must carefully review any agreement made with
Cuba to ensure that we are not enabling the continued survival of a
regime that has preyed on the Cuban people for more than five decades. I
am not confident we have received any meaningful guarantee of
political reform.
The news that 33 people were
killed and more than 200 women and children kidnapped by Boko
Haram
in Nigeria is a tragic reminder that the capacity of this evil group
to perpetrate terror has not been diminished by recent international
efforts to defeat it.
Please join me in praying for the
victims and their families as they face this unendurable trial. Please
also remember the many special operators, including members of the
California National Guard, who are currently deployed to assist the
Nigerian military as they struggle to combat Boko Haram.
This
week the President signed a year-long funding bill into law. I look
forward to working next Congress with colleagues on both sides of the
aisle to return to the kind of regular order appropriations process the
Senate hasnt participated in in years. The bill we passed also sets
up the strongest possible circumstances for Congress to send a clear
message that we cannot allow the President to ignore the will of the
American people in taking executive action on immigration reform. I will
continue to push for reform for our broken system, but it must be done
in a way that respects the views of Americans across the country.
Last weeks newsletter included a breakdown of some of the key components
of our funding bill
read it
here .
Ill be cheering on the Central Catholic Raiders today in their face
off against St. Margarets of San Juan Capistrano for Division IV
State champs! The Raiders will be fighting for their third state
championship. Kickoffs at 4 p.m. and you can
watch a
livestream online .
From my family to yours, wishing you a
blessed and peaceful Christmas and good health, happiness and
prosperity in the New Year.
JEFF DENHAM
Do you
support President Obamas decision to end the trade embargo with
Cuba?
Yes No Do you feel that the President has
stood up for American interests abroad?
Yes No *By answering this survey, you are subscribing to my
newsletter. If you are having trouble, click here.
E-mail Updates
Yes, please periodically send me e-mail
updates.*
*By subscribing to my
e-mail
updates, you are authorizing me to send regular e-mail updates from my
office to your e-mail account.
DC office:
1730
Longworth HOB
Washington, DC
20515
P: 202-225-4540
F:
202-225-3402
Modesto
Office:
4701 Sisk Road, Suite 202
Modesto, CA 95356
P:
209-579-5458
F: 209-579-5028
Unsubscribe
|
Update
My Profile
|
Privacy Policy
gateway mail end 