
Friday, January 30, 2015
WEBSITE
|
FORWARD TO A FRIEND
| SHARE ON:
Foxx Report
This week the House passed 12 bills designed to fight the growing problem of human trafficking in the United States.
According to the FBI, sex trafficking is the fastest-growing business of organized crime and the third-largest criminal enterprise in the world. More than 300,000 American children are at risk of becoming victims of sex trafficking annually, and its estimated that child sex trafficking in the United States is a $9.8 billion industry.
Human trafficking is modern day slavery that preys on vulnerable individuals, and this epidemic is not isolated to far-off places on the other side of the world. It is happening every day in the places we call home. These bipartisan bills will protect children and provide support to combat this growing problem.
529 College Savings Plans
On Monday I
spoke on the House floor
in opposition to President Obamas plan to raise taxes on popular college savings accounts.
Since 2001, students have been able to withdraw earnings from 529 investment plans tax-free if the funds are used to pay for qualified higher education expenses. Last week the president proposed taxing those withdrawals and treating the earnings as student income, which would hurt a childs chances of receiving financial aid. On Wednesday night the White House announced the president would drop the plan.
With student loan debt surpassing credit card debt, it was incredibly irresponsible of the president to want to take away a valuable tool that millions of American families use to save for college, and Im glad he abandoned his proposal.
LNG Permitting Certainty and Transparency Act
On Wednesday the House passed legislation to leverage our shale natural gas revolution by expediting the approval process of export permits for liquid natural gas, also known as LNG.
America has been blessed with an abundance of domestic energy resources, and we cant let bureaucratic delays stand in the way of accessing or advancing those assets. This legislation would lead to the creation of countless manufacturing jobs and provide a stable source of energy for our allies who are dependent on Russian resources.
New Boone Office
Earlier this month my office in Boone moved to a new location designed to better serve residents of North Carolinas 5th District. The office is now located at 400 Shadowline Drive, Suite 205, Boone, NC 28607.
The Boone office is one of three offices that I maintain to be of service to my constituents. You can find contact information for my offices in Boone, Clemmons and Washington by visiting my website at
http://foxx.house.gov/ .
Whats Coming Up
Next week the House will consider H.R. 50, the Unfunded Mandates Information and Transparency Act, which is my bipartisan legislation to hold Washington bureaucrats accountable for the true cost
in dollars and in jobs
that federal dictates pose to the economy. We will also vote on important legislation to repeal Obamacare and direct the relevant committees to develop replacement legislation to restore our health care system to free-market, patient-driven principles.
Sincerely,
NOTE: Please DO NOT respond to this email as this inbox is unattended. To contact my office please
click here
SIGN UP TO RECEIVE REGULAR UPDATES
|
PRIVACY POLICY
|
CONTACT US
Click Here Click Here