
If you are having trouble viewing this message or would
like to share it on a social network, you can
view the message online .
Home
|
About
|
How Can I
Help?
|
Media
|
Issues
|
The 6th District
Inexcusable VA Bonuses in
Aurora
Dear Friends:
The Aurora VA hospital is hundreds of millions of dollars over
budget and years behind schedule. If that doesnt make you mad, this
will:
the VA official in charge of hospital construction has
received over $60,000 in taxpayer funded bonuses since
2009.
Only in government is such
inexcusable failure and waste of hard-earned taxpayer dollars rewarded
so handsomely.
After pressure on the VA, this one construction official is being
removed from his position, but in typical federal government fashion,
hes not being fired. Hes receiving a lateral move and who knows what
project he will screw up next.
That is not acceptable to me and its not acceptable
to the veterans, taxpayers and 1,400 construction workers building the
Aurora VA hospital.
Im working hard to make sure the hospital gets built as
quickly as possible for our Colorado veterans who need the cutting edge
care this new hospital will provide. I am working equally hard to ensure
that the balance of this project is completed as cost effectively as
possible for the taxpayers who have seen their hard earned money
squandered by incompetent bureaucrats. To achieve these goals, Im currently
working on legislation to ensure the VA is not allowed to continue to
manage this project and locking the U.S. Army Corps of Engineers
(USACE) in place as the management authority on the hospitals
construction. My legislation will also unfortunately have to raise the spending
cap set on the hospital by several hundred million dollars so a new
contract can be signed to see the project through to
completion.
My case to my
colleagues in Congress for allocating this appalling amount of
additional money is this: we cannot erase the costly and unforgivable mistakes
of the VA, but we can fire them and bring in professionals who will
get the balance of the project done in the most cost effective fashion
possible.
I
personally think the VA construction officials bonuses should be taken
back and put towards the cost of the hospital, but current law
unfortunately doesnt allow us to claw back bonuses for sheer incompetence.
The House Veterans Affairs Committee, and my subcommittee on Oversight
and Investigations, will review the current law and potential changes
to it so we can ensure taxpayer dollars are not used in the future to
fund bonuses for officials found to have failed our country and our
veterans so outlandishly.
On this project, the VA has failed our veterans and failed
our taxpayers. I pledge to you my continued commitment to right this
wrong. I will not rest until we
do.
Sincerely,
Mike Coffman
U.S.
Representative
If you would like to sign up to receive regular email updates from
Mike, please visit
this
link
$ 18,090,521,876,223
Share on Facebook
Share on
LinkedIn
Share on Twitter
VA
Deputy Secretary answers tough questions from Congress about Aurora
hospital construction delay
By: Jennifer Kovaleski
ABC 7 News: Denver
Published January 21, 2015
Members of Congress had
tough questions for leaders of the Department of Veterans Affairs over
construction mismanagement and soaring costs at the VA hospital being
built in Aurora.
On Wednesday, the House Committee on
Veterans Affairs held a hearing prompted after the contractor walked off the
job in Aurora last month. Kiewit-Turner shutdown construction in
December after a board found the VA had breached its
contract.
Both sides were able to reach a temporary agreement to get crews back
to work, but the VA said the project could end up costing more than a
billion dollars to complete. Significantly more than its original
price tag of $328 million.
Speaking before the committee,
Deputy VA Secretary Sloan Gibson called the situation unacceptable,
promising to make it right for veterans and hold those responsible
accountable.
We have an obligation to ensure that this never happens
again, that means learning all we can from past mistakes and putting
in place corrective actions to improve future performance, he
said.
Rep. Mike Coffman (R-Co.)
also attended
Wednesday hearing and told 7NEWS Reporter Jennifer Kovaleski he does not
believe the VA will hold anyone accountable.
Do I have
confidence in this administrative board set up by the VA, and the answer
is no I dont, he said.
During the hearing Gibson said
Congress will likely have to approve hundreds of millions more before
June to keep construction going at the site.
Beyond June it
would require some kind of supplemental appropriation by the congress
to keep the project going, so thats going to be something that Ive
taken on, its going to be something thats not going to be easy, said
Rep. Coffman.
Rep.
Coffman
said he believes not providing the additional funding would create
even more problems and lead to more costs to halt
construction.
He also said Congress will have to vote to increase the cap on how
much money can be spent on the project. Right now, by law the cap is
set at $800 million.
Gibson said he believes if the cap is
increased to $1.2 billion it should be enough to support the project
through completion.
Gibson also said he would consider
turning over all hospital construction projects to the Army Corps of
Engineers.
Turning everything over the corps would be a very big
decision and a decision that we would want to make very well informed
basis, he said. If a more expansive role for the Corps is the right
route to get there, then we are all for it.
The Army
Corps of Engineers has assumed oversight of the Aurora project, which is
now scheduled for completion in 2017.
Rep.
Coffman
said he plans to introduce legislation that would completely
strip the VA from its ability to work on any future major construction
projects over $10 million. Instead, that authority would be given to
the Army Corps of Engineers.
The Next Constituent One-on-One Meeting
U.S. Rep. Mike Coffman will meet one-on-one with constituents at the
Martin Luther KIng Library, 9898 East Colfax Avenue,
Aurora,
CO
80010 on Saturday, January 24th, from 10:30AM to 12:00
Noon.
Constituents are invited to come to the library to meet with Rep. Coffman and
discuss issues that are important to them.
This event is open only to
residents of the 6th Congressional
District.
VA leaders in charge of failed hospital
projects take home bonuses
By: Tak Landrock
Fox 31: Denver
Published
January 20, 2015
Veterans
Affairs executives in charge of four hospital projects currently over
budget and years behind schedule were given bonuses, despite the
administration admitting failures in their jobs.
FO X31 Denver asked for inf ormation about
performance awards or bonuses since 2007. Documents we obtained
showed executives in the VA were given $22 million dollars in bonuses
over the last six years.
PDF:
Performance awards from 2007 to
2011
PDF:
Performance awards for
2012
PDF:
Performance
awards for 2013
The new VA Medical Center being
built in Aurora was supposed to open in 2015, but delays and legal
battles with contractors Kiewit-Turner have now pushed the opening date to
sometime in 2017, according the Department of Veterans
Affairs.
In December a federal court ruled the VA breached its contract
with Kiewit-Turner and the contractors walked off the job days before
Christmas. A temporary agreement was reached shortly afterwards and
workers are back building the new medical center.
The last
Government Accountability Office report in 2013 found the Aurora facility
is not the only one behind schedule and hundreds of millions of
dollars over budget. Hospitals being built in New Orleans, LA; Orlando, FL
and Las Vegas, NV have faced the same problems. The Las Vegas facility
opened up last year.
After years of fighting the
congressional leaders the VA gave up and will now let the Army Corp of Engineers
take over construction management of the hospital in
Aurora.
But FOX31 Denver is discovering, despite years of problems managing
the construction of these hospitals bonuses were still handed out to
those in charge.
Glenn Haggstrom, the Director of Logistics
and Construction, took home a nearly $64,000 in bonuses since
2007.
After the 2013 GAO report concerning the mismanagement of
the four failed hospital project Haggstom was questioned by lawmakers in
Washington D.C., about whether or not he deserved the
bonuses.
Congressman, those bonuses were not determined by myself. They
were determined by my supervisors and senior leadership at the VA and
with all due respect I would ask you to take it up with them, he told
Republican Rep. Tim Huelskamp of Kansas.
Sloan Gibson,
Deputy Secretary of the Department of Veterans Affairs, told reporters at
a December news conference that he didnt know about bonuses being
given out to top executives in charge of the Aurora hospital project.
Under the federal government, once a bonus has been paid and that
performance appraisal period has concluded that is the property of that
executive. Gibson said.
Rep. Mike Coffman
told us the system within the VA is corrupt and incompetent. The VA is
abuses the bonuses system probably more than any other agency of the
federal government.
He is pushing legislation to strip the
VA of overseeing construction of all projects and making the Army Corp
of Engineers in charge.
On Monday the VA announced the
outcome of the Aurora hospital project was unacceptable. By learning all
we can from past mistakes and put in place corrective actions to
improve future performance. Veterans and taxpayers also expect a thorough
review be completed and those responsible are held accountable. With
these objectives in mind, the following actions are being taken, a
spokesperson said in a statement.
The spokesperson also said
the VA will ask the Corps to complete a detailed examination of the VA
major construction program to improve management processes, structures,
and controls ?in project oversight and delivery.
This
decision comes days before
Coffman
planned on bring VA
leadership to Capitol Hill to question them about the mismanagement of
hospital projects across the US.
Coffman
also told us
that he would question leaders about bonuses.
The VA will
also be convening an Administrative Investigation Board to review all
aspects of the Denver project to determine the facts that led to the
current situation and gather evidence of any misconduct or mismanagement
that contributed to this unacceptable outcome.
Washington Office
2443 Rayburn HOB
Washington, D.C. 20515
Phone: (202)
225-7882
Fax: (202)
226-4623
District Office
Cherry Creek Place
IV
3300 S. Parker Road, Suite
#305
Aurora, CO 80014
Phone: (720) 748-7514
Fax: (720) 748-7680
Unsubscribe
|
Update My Profile
|
Privacy Policy
gateway mail end 