DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.0 Transitional//EN" "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml1/DTD/xhtml1-transitional.dtd"
For over half a century, the United States has maintained a strict ban on the majority of trade with Cuba. The ban originated during the 1959 Cuban Revolution, as a U.S. response to the Cuban governments takeover of privately owned American businesses.
Since that time, the United States has upheld the ban as long as the Cuban government continued to resist the establishment of a democracy and neglect human rights.
The United States has not had formal diplomatic relations with Cuba since 1961; however, that changed yesterday when President Obama
announced
the release of American citizen, Alan Gross, who was arrested for trying to increase Internet access in small communities across Cuba and was imprisoned there for 5 years; as well as the release of three Cubans who were part of the
Cuban Five
and imprisoned in Florida for 15 years on spying charges.
The Presidents announcement is part of his plan to normalize relations between Cuba and the United States, and will also include reviewing the designation of Cuba as a state sponsor of terrorism, easing financial restrictions, easing travel restrictions, and beginning the effort to lift the 54-year-old ban on trade between the two countries. Additionally, the United States will begin looking to establish an embassy in Havana in the coming months.
In return, Cuba also agreed to allow greater Internet access for its citizens and easier telecommunications with the United States.
Question of the week :
Do you support the Presidents announcement to reestablish diplomatic, economic, and travel ties with Cuba?
( ) Yes.
( ) No.
( ) I dont know.
( ) Other. Share your thoughts on my blog here.
Take the Poll
here.
Find the results of last weeks InstaPoll
here.
Home
|
Contact
|
Unsubscribe
|
Privacy
|
Office Locations
Please do not reply to this message. This email address does not accept incoming messages. To send an email,
click here .
Trouble viewing this email? See it in your web browser: http://forbes.house.gov/news/email/show.aspx?ID=YPAIBXGWSECND5LMGP3HTGQKU4
Click Here Click Here