DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.0 Transitional//EN" "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml1/DTD/xhtml1-transitional.dtd"
December 19, 2014
Click here
if you have trouble viewing this email
Year-end Update
Dear Friend,
Merry Christmas and Happy Chanukah!
As we all make plans to celebrate this holiday season, I wanted to take a few moments to put in perspective several issues of national importance.
In the rough and tumble world of cable news, where partisans emphasize sharp differences perceived in our country, we miss other more encouraging indicators that show, as a nation, we are coming together and moving forward. While there are significant differences on policy issues that remain in our country, I want to begin this update by laying out some facts that have not received much attention in the media recently.
First, our last jobs report was encouraging. Our economy created over 321,000 jobs, a sizeable increase. Our Gross Domestic Product, an important indicator of the overall health of our economy, also increased by around 4% in each of the last two quarters. Thats a quarterly figure that matches periods of renowned economic growth in the 1980s and 1990s. In previous decades, we were able to sustain those strong figures for many quarters, even years, so only time will tell if these encouraging reports develop into a new pattern of sustained economic growth. Still, they are a positive sign.
In Washington, both parties came together at the end of the session to ensure we kept the government open and passed laws to help facilitate these encouraging economic trends, including extending lower tax policies to spur investment and charitable giving.
With economic growth, we see the possibility for raising standards of living for our people and continued movement back to a balanced budget, meant to ensure that future generations get the same choices and freedoms weve had. A fact that gets very little coverage, since 2010 we have reduced the annual deficit from $1.3 trillion down to $483 billion (a reduction of the deficit by about two-thirds in just four years) and these latest actions in Washington should ensure we continue on the path to a balanced budget. Once we get back to a balanced budget, we need to stay there, and every year that follows as we grow the economy, we will pay down our debt. We have been on this responsible path for the past four years and that needs to continue. Working together, we can help facilitate both economic growth and responsible fiscal policies that balance current and future needs.
In terms of Upstate New York priorities, we recently witnessed important progress. First,
our office helped pass important legislation
to require the Federal Energy Regulatory Commission (FERC) to report to Congress on actions and costs to consumers related to the capacity zone in the Hudson Valley.
Over the past six months we have seen our energy costs (gas, home heating, and electricity) decrease. That helps our families and small businesses and represents a top priority for our office. We will continue that fight in the New Year to reverse FERCs electricity rate hikes and hold this agency accountable to the people as we continue to work to lower overall energy costs.
Other important developments include enacting a manufacturing bill our office helped write to spur research, innovation, and technology.
The Revitalize American Manufacturing and Innovation Act
of 2014 will establish centers for manufacturing innovation through the Department of Commerce to expand industrial production jobs. This program will help employers in our state by providing access to capital-intensive infrastructure, a peer exchange, documentation of best practices, and support for workforce training and education, among other provisions supporting new uses for cutting-edge technologies.
We also enacted measures to protect our family farmers from regulatory overreach by ensuring that their ponds and irrigation ditches are exempted from a proposed rule that would have put them under federal regulatory jurisdiction. This was the top priority of the New York Farm Bureau this fall, and I am proud that we delivered for them on that score. Facilitating the profitability of our family farms is essential to advancing the rural economy.
As a veteran,
I am especially pleased to announce that we also provided $344 million
to ensure the Departments of Defense and Veterans Affairs are developing electronic health records that will seamlessly transfer medical information. I have made this a top priority since I entered Congress, and I will continue my efforts to see that no veteran is kept waiting for medical care due to needless administrative delays or a lack of adequate resources at the VA. To that end, weve dedicated $2.5 billion, $69 million more than the 2014 level, to process the unacceptable backlog of VA disability claims.
In the area of education, weve made an investment of over $11.5 billion for state special education grants, $25 million above current levels, and we increased Pell Grant awards to $5,830. At the same time, we scored an important win for more local control of schools. As you know, I oppose Common Core, and recently we were able to defund the Race to the Top program that has been used to expand Common Core. We have much more to do on this score, but these developments (more funding for schools and more local control of education decisions) are encouraging.
In other legislative news, I am pleased to report the House approved the
Achieving a Better Life Experience (ABLE) Act
of 2014, which allows disabled individuals and their families to save their own money in a 529A account to maintain health and independence without the threat of losing Medicaid or Supplemental Security Income. This legislation gives families some peace of mind and encourages Americans with disabilities to engage in the workplace and in the community so they can live full, rewarding lives.
I hope that your school vacations, family trips, and holiday gatherings are filled with warmth and joy. Please keep our servicemen and women, our first responders, and their families in your thoughts and prayers. Without them we would not be able to enjoy these special times with family and friends.
I look forward to serving you in the 114th Congress, and I urge you to contact me if I can be of assistance.
Sincerely,
Chris Gibson
Member of Congress
IN THE NEWS
Daily Mail:
Veterans clinic 'vital'
Mid Hudson News:
Livingston Manors severe flooding to be corrected by Army Corps of Engineers
Poughkeepsie Journal:
Bill requires FERC to report on power zone impacts
AP:
NY picked for USDA farm-to-school pilot project
Post Star:
Gibson: Suicide prevention bill passes House
WAMC:
NY Farm Bureau Tells EPA To Ditch The Rule
ON THE HILL
How can we help you?
CONNECT
RSS Feeds
Facebook
Youtube
Twitter
Click Here Click Here