
If you are having
trouble viewing this message or would like to share it on a social
network, you can
view the
message online .
About
|
Contact
|
My
Priorities
|
Services
|
Resources
|
Legislation
|
Media Center
December 22, 2014
Hello!
This is my last newsletter for the
113 th
Congress, and for 2014. I have been honored to serve a
wonderful two years as your representative, from the Valley to
Washington. My staff and I have worked hard to make certain that we represent
you in the Nations Capital and that we address the challenges and
issues you raise in our Valley office.
We have a lot of work
ahead of us in 2015. For two years, House leadership has obstructed
the path of some important legislation. My hope is that in the coming
two years, we will move forward and help restore the American
Dream.
I will continue fighting for the issues that are critical to
the Valley, from bringing great middle-class jobs to California and the
L.A. region, to assisting our Veterans, ensuring healthcare coverage
for all our friends and working families and passing Comprehensive
Immigration Reform.
I hope I can keep doing a great job for
you. If you have questions or comments about how Im doing,
please let me know .
In the meantime, I wish you
and your family a joyous holiday season and a very happy New
Year!
WERE MOVING!
My offices in both
Washington, D.C. and the San Fernando Valley will be moving for 2015.
The new San Fernando Valley location opened for business Monday
morning, November 24. It is now located at
8134 Van Nuys Blvd., Suite
206, Panorama City, CA 91402 . The phone number has also
changed.
To reach me, call (818) 781-7407 . Office hours
remain Monday through Friday, 8:30 a.m. to 5:30 p.m., Pacific
Time.
In Washington, my office will relocate beginning in 2015.
The new address will be
1510 Longworth House Office Building,
Washington, DC, 20515 . Our phone number in Washington will
remain
(202) 225-6131.
My office in Washington is open
from 9 a.m. to 6 p.m., Eastern Time.
START THE NEW YEAR OFF
RIGHT!
LIKE me on Facebook:
and
FOLLOW me on Twitter:
Want to get more information about my
work in Washington and the San Fernando Valley?
SUBSCRIBE TO MY NEWSLETTER
EXTRA:
E-mail Updates
Yes, please
periodically send me e-mail updates.*
*By subscribing to my
e-mail updates, you are authorizing me to
send regular e-mail updates from my office to your e-mail
account.
PASSING MY FIRST LAW
Last week, I passed my first
piece of legislation in Congress, as part of the National Defense
Authorization Act (NDAA). My new law will help protect Valley businesses from
foreign hacking and other cyber threats.
While hacking
and cyber crimes have come into sharp scrutiny in Los Angeles with the
hacking of Sony emails, more than 200,000 cyber incidents involving
federal agencies, companies that run critical infrastructure like nuclear
power plants, dams and transit systems and contract partners,
occurred in 2013.
Defending our nation is not limited to
military bases and warzones. Every year thousands of attempts are made to
break into critical systems in our government, through small businesses
who may not have robust computer security. We must work with small
businesses in our country to make certain that none of these attempts
succeed.
My original amendment to the NDAA would have created
cybertraining and education by the Defense Department for small
businesses that contract with the Pentagon. Included in these would be
hundreds of San Fernando Valley contractors who manufacture parts and
technologies for the United States government.
The conference
committee, which made the changes that became the final, approved
version of the NDAA, began the process of creating my proposed education
schemes by directing the Government Accountability Office (GAO) to
prepare a report on gaps and weaknesses in these areas of
cybersecurity.
Los Angeles and the Valley are driven by manufacturing.
Many of these manufacturers support the brave men and women who defend
our country. We have to protect the intellectual property of these
companies from hacking, and we absolutely must safeguard the technologies
that protect our
warfighters.
EXCITING NEWS!
I am excited to announce that I
will be serving on the prestigious Energy and Commerce
Committee of the U.S. House of Representatives starting in January. Energy
and Commerce is the most powerful and oldest of the authorizing
committees in our House, where many pieces of historic legislation have
been created and first debated.
As one of California's
voices on the Energy and Commerce Committee, I will focus on
issues important to moving our economy forward. I intend to use
all of my experience at the federal, state and local level to be
ready on day one to discuss solutions to the challenges our nation
faces.
I will serve as one of only two Latinos on the
committee, helping represent the 20 percent of American consumers and
business owners who are part of our community. I will also be the only
member from Los Angeles, one of the most diverse economic regions in
the nation and a key driver of international business. Our region was
previously represented
by Rep. Henry Waxman from Santa Monica,
who retired from Congress this year.
At its core, our
government must fight to promote the health and welfare of our citizens. I
will continue my fight to protect the underserved in our nation,
including protecting the Affordable Care Act, while also working to create
good, middle-class jobs for American families. I am excited to
have a new platform on this great committee to do
so.
HEALTH INSURANCE ENROLLMENT IS NOW
OPEN!
Open enrollment has begun for health insurance plans
covered under the Affordable Care Act. Like last year, I am focused on
ensuring that as many families in the San Fernando Valley are covered as
possible.
Last
month, I spoke at the opening of the 2 nd
Annual Family Health
and Resource Fair in Branford Park, where I was pleased to offer
certified specialists in health insurance enrollment, to help Valley
families sign up for insurance.
The Health Fair featured health
screenings and more than three dozen information booths to provide
area residents with information about both health care and insurance
plans. More than a dozen certified enrollers were present to help
families sign up for health insurance, and to find out if they are eligible
for the subsidies created by the Affordable Care
Act.
Please visit
www.coveredca.com
to learn more about
how you can benefit from the Affordable Care
Act.
HEALTH CARE WORKSHOPS ARE
BACK
This year, I am continuing the successful series of health care
workshops held in the Valley last year.
Last year, during open
enrollment for insurance under the Affordable Care Act, my staff enrolled
more than 1,000 Valley families in health insurance policies, giving
many their first access to affordable, quality
healthcare.
Each workshop this year will allow area families to learn about
the options available to them under the Affordable Care Act, including
learning about insurance policies that can be purchased through the
Covered California health insurance exchange.
Families will
also be able to speak with certified counselors, who will be able to
pre-approve health insurance applications.
Workshops will be
held:
Jan. 17 from 10 a.m. to 2 p.m. at Panorama High
School, 8015 Van Nuys Blvd., Los Angeles
Jan. 31 from 10 a.m. to
2 p.m. at Mission Community Police Station,11121 Sepulveda Blvd.,
Mission Hills
Feb. 14 from 10 a.m. to 2 p.m. at Pacoima Branch
Library, 13605 Van Nuys Blvd.,
Pacoima
I'M FIGHTING TO PROTECT
MEDI-CAL
Following reports in the media indicating that hundreds of thousands of
L.A. County residents could lose Medi-Cal benefits due to a government
error, I wrote Director Toby Douglas of the California Department of
Health Services calling on him to extend Medi-Cal renewal deadlines
for those affected.
While 22 percent of Medi-Cal customers
have a primary language other than English, and Medi-Cal documents are
required by law to be fully accessible by the public, CDHS sent
English-only renewal documents to five million customers statewide, six
months later than normal. Because of translation issues and the delay in
mailing, 200,000 L.A. County residents may lose coverage. This is
unacceptable.
With less time to process the renewal and without
sufficient English comprehension, many families did not realize the
steps necessary to renewing their Medi-Cal coverage.
CDHS is
urging those who lose Medi-Cal coverage to call a local legal aid
program at 888-804-3536.
If youre interested in reading more,
check out
this great article in the L.A. Daily
News .
Washington, DC Office
1508
Longworth House Office Building
Washington, DC
20515
Phone: 202-225-6131
Fax: 202-225-0819
hours: M-F
9-5:30pm
District Office
9300 Laurel Canyon Blvd.
Second Floor
Arleta, CA 91331
Phone: (818) 504-0090
Fax: (818)
504-0280
Unsubscribe
|
Update My
Profile
|
Privacy Policy
