Copyright (c) 1996-2014 Constant Contact. All rights reserved.
Except as permitted under a separate
written agreement with Constant Contact, neither the Constant Contact software, nor any content that appears on any Constant Contact site,
including but not limited to, web pages, newsletters, or templates may be reproduced, republished, repurposed, or distributed without the
prior written permission of Constant Contact.
For inquiries regarding reproduction or distribution of any Constant Contact material, please
contact legal@constantcontact.com.
Mike Kelly's Weekly E-Newsletter
December 12, 2014
Follow me on Twitter!
Visit my YouTube page!
Click here to subscribe to my weekly
E-newsletter
My Offices
ERIE DISTRICT OFFICE 208 E. Bayfront Parkway Suite 102 Erie, PA 16507 Phone: (814) 454-8190 Fax: (814) 454-8197
BUTLER DISTRICT OFFICE
101 East Diamond St Suite 218 Butler, PA
16001 Phone: (724) 282-2557
Fax: (724) 282-3682
SHARON DISTRICT OFFICE
33 Chestnut Street Sharon, PA
16146 Phone: (724) 342-7170 Fax: (724) 342-7242
WASHINGTON, DC OFFICE
1519 Longworth HOB Washington, DC 20515 Phone: (202) 225-5406 Fax: (202) 225-3103
CRAWFORD COUNTY OFFICE Every Wednesday 9:00 a.m. - 4:00 p.m. 908 Diamond Park Meadville, PA 16335
ARMSTRONG COUNTY OFFICE
Every Thursday 9:00 a.m. - 4:00 p.m. 300 South McKean Street Kittanning, PA 16201
LAWRENCE COUNTY
Every Friday 9:00 a.m. - 4: 00 p.m. Lawrence County Courthouse 430 Court Street New Castle, PA
16101
Dear Friend,
After a long debate and serious deliberation, last night I voted for
the Omnibus Appropriations bill for Fiscal Year 2015
which was passed by the House with bipartisan support. While the bill is very far from perfect, I considered it necessary to keep the government operating while securing some very important conservative victories, including the reduction of federal discretionary spending to its lowest level since before President Obama took office and even before Nancy Pelosi held the Speaker's gavel.
(In fact, with this budget, the House has now cut discretionary spending by $165 billion since 2010.)
It also maintains the crucial ban on funding for the implementation of the dangerous U.N. Arms Trade Treaty, an extremely important measure for the defense of our national sovereignty and our Second Amendment rights. Other policy provisions within the bill will achieve the following: Protect the unborn by banning the funding of abortion in the District of Columbia, within the federal employee health benefits program, and for federal prisoners Force all Obamacare plans to inform Americans if they provide any abortion services Prevent the taxpayer bailout of the Obamacare Risk Corridor program Massively cut funding for the EPA and forces the agency to reduce its staff size to its lowest level since 1989 Prohibit the EPA from regulating lead content in ammunition or fishing tackle Stop the Export-Import Bank from blocking any new or existing coal projects Prohibit the Department of Energy from forcing manufactures to stop making certain lightbulbs Ban federal funds from being used to transfer terrorists at Guantanamo Bay to our homeland Slash the IRS by more than $345 million, bringing its funding to pre-Obama levels ($1.5 billion below the president's request) Prohibit funding for the IRS to target any organization for regulatory scrutiny - even when ordered by the White House - based on its ideological beliefs or for exercising its First Amendment rights ( A more extensive list of the policy provisions contained within the omnibus budget bill can be viewed here .)
Since President Obama first announced his radical plan to grant amnesty to 5 million illegal immigrants, I have
publicly condemned it
as outrageous and unconstitutional. I consider it a direct challenge to our system of government that must be opposed. That is why I voted to pass the
Preventing Executive Overreach on Immigration Act
last week, and co-sponsored an amendment to last night's bill which would have banned any funding for the president's order. Because of the unlawful nature of the president's unilateral action, the House ensured that the budget only funds the Department of Homeland Security - which handles immigration - until the end of this coming February. By then, conservatives will fully control both houses of Congress and will have the stronger ground necessary to stop the president's illegal order without Harry Reid thwarting our actions.
With a government shutdown now averted, I look forward to the good work that can finally get done in the next Congress, without an obstructionist Senate, and am prepared to fight for commonsense conservative principles on behalf of Western Pennsylvanian families and workers every day on the job.
Sincerely,
Rep. Kelly's Message of
Economic Opportunity Featured by
Comcast Newsmakers
WATCH HERE
Rep. Kelly was recently featured as a "National Newsmaker" by
Comcast Newsmakers , a national news program produced by NBC Universal and distributed via Comcast's
XFINITY On Demand service , as well as its
social
media
and
online platforms .
The interview was conducted on December 3, 2014, and was based on Rep.
Kelly's unique assessment of the United States as "the world's next
great emerging economy."
Rep. Kelly explains his optimism regarding America's economic future:
"I know what the popular narrative is, but I also know what the truth
is. And when you look at who we are and the gifts that we have been
given - we are awash in so many natural resources that the rest of world
covets."
"One fifth of the world's fresh water, potable water, is right here
in the United States - not just Pennsylvania's [fresh water], but one
fifth of the world's fresh water.
We have potable water, we have tillable soil; we produce more [food] per acre than anybody else in the world."
"We talk about energy opportunities ... we have an abundance of oil, of
coal, of natural gas, and we can extract these very safely, bring them
to the surface where they really help us drive an economy that is
limitless right now."
Rep. Kelly on how America can realize its economic potential:
"We do need pro-growth tax reform. There is no one else out there
that thinks what we are doing right now [regarding our tax code] makes
sense. ... I would just suggest to you that we reform taxes and we make it
a pro-growth tax reform."
"When we look at regulations right now - well-intended when they came
out, [they] now have become almost to the point of being overbearing
and are not allowing us to become who we need to become."
"We have people here that are the most productive people the world
has ever seen. We have the opportunity to educate people for the jobs
that are available. People from all over the world come to America. Why
do they come to America? They come to our educational institutions
because we offer the best product. A lot of them want to stay and they
want to help. We need to look at how we address that; we've got to grow
from the inside out. We've got to make our people stronger, and our
people need to believe again of who we are and what we are."
Rep. Kelly on the future of political partisanship and participation:
"I came out of the private sector; I've only been here [in
Washington] four years. ... I'm an automobile dealer, who grew up being
able to reach out across the desk and make agreements with people on a
transportation need they had."
"I want you to think about this: every single person that serves in
this country - I don't care if it is your local school board, your
towns, your states, whatever - they are all elected
people. What we need to do is to look at the tremendous amount of
potential we have locally; ask those people to step forward and serve.
They're all elected; they just don't go in and sit down."
"The opportunities for Americans now have never been greater, but we
need to have a fix on the future and say, 'This is where we can go.'"
Rep. Kelly
Champions Great Lakes Restoration Initiative Act
on House Floor
WATCH HERE
On Tuesday, Rep. Kelly -- co-chairman of
the Northeast-Midwest (NEMW) Congressional Coalition
-- delivered remarks on the floor of the House of Representatives in support of
H.R. 5764 ,
the Great Lakes Restoration Initiative Act of 2014, of which he is an original
co-sponsor. The bipartisan legislation was passed unanimously by the
House that afternoon.
Highlights of Rep. Kelly's floor speech:
"We all understand what it is that makes the Great Lakes great, and I
think that's the whole point of what we're talking about: this is a
gift from God."
"If you could just close your eyes for one minute and visualize in
your mind's eye the continental United States, the landmass, the volume
of freshwater contained in our Great Lakes would cover that landmass by 9
to 10 feet! It is an incredible amount of water. But more
importantly, it is an incredible gift from God. We have to protect this
area. Why would we not? The statistics that we talk about are
overwhelming."
"We thank a lot of people for being involved with this, but you know
who I want to thank more than anybody else? It's the hardworking
American taxpayers. By our Constitution, we are granted the authority to
tax them, but we are also given the responsibility to spend their money
the right way."
"One-fifth of the world's freshwater - not one-fifth of
Pennsylvania's, not one-fifth of the United States', not one-fifth of
North America's - but one-fifth of the world's freshwater resides in the Great Lakes."
"We have an opportunity to do something that just makes sense to each
and every one of us. We can get this done. And if I may, just for a
minute, to paraphrase Luke 12:48: 'To whom much is given, much is
required.' Mr. Speaker, I would suggest that this is not an option. This
is a moral obligation, on behalf of the people of this great country,
to look at one of the assets that we have, a gift from God, and make
sure that we preserve it for future generations."
NOTE:
The Great Lakes Restoration Initiative Act of 2014 (
H.R. 5764 )
amends the Clean Water Act to authorize the Great Lakes Restoration
Initiative (GLRI) for Fiscal Years 2015 - 2019. The GLRI was an
inter-agency program launched by President Obama in 2009 to implement a
regional collaboration strategy developed in 2005 through a process
established by an executive order from then-President George W. Bush in
2004. The GLRI had not previously received congressional authorization.
Without increasing federal spending, this bill would authorize the GLRI
at $300 million (the amount already appropriated over the past four
fiscal years) each year for the next five years.
With the help of GLRI, Presque Isle Bay in Erie, Pennsylvania was
removed from the Environmental Protection Agency's list of Areas of
Concern in 2013. Additionally, the GLRI has been instrumental in keeping
Asian Carp from invading the Great Lakes and threatening its world
class fisheries.
Forward this email This email was sent to dj724530@gmail.com by
thomas.qualtere@mail.house.gov
|
Update Profile/Email Address
|
Rapid removal with
SafeUnsubscribe &trade;
|
Privacy Policy . The Office of Representative Mike Kelly
|
1519 Longworth House Office Building
|
Washington
|
DC
|
20515
