
January 11, 2015
WEBSITE
|
FORWARD TO A FRIEND
| SHARE ON:
Kline's Corner: 2014 Year in Review
In This Week's Kline's Corner
Reflecting on Last Year
Creating Jobs, Easing Energy Costs
Helping Our Veterans and Small Businesses
2014 Year in Review
Dear Friends,
As your Congressman, I work diligently to ensure your voice is heard in Washington and remain committed to sharing with you my work on behalf of the people of Minnesotas 2nd District. I invite you to check out my 2014 Year in Review which highlights some of the work we accomplished together over the past 12 months. To view the Year in Review, please
click here .
Creating Jobs, Easing Energy Costs
On Friday, the House voted for the 10th time to approve the Keystone XL pipeline energy project. I hear from Minnesotans time and again they want a government that works together to deliver commonsense solutions that improve our economy, like
Keystone, and I was pleased to support that bipartisan legislation. You can read more
here .
Helping Our Veterans and Small Businesses
Our veterans and their families have sacrificed a great deal in service to our country, yet the unemployment rate among veterans remains much higher than the rest of the nation. I was pleased to support bipartisan legislation this week that helps our veterans find work and provides our small businesses relief from burdensome regulations and red tape imposed by the Presidents health care law that stymies their ability to hire qualified, well-trained employees. Read more
here .
Have a great week!
John Kline
Member of Congress
TOP NEWS
VIDEO: John Kline Urges Support for the Save American Workers Act
Minnesota Congressman John Kline, Chairman of the House Education and the Workforce Committee, highlighted the challenges facing teachers, employers, and workers because of the flawed health care law and urged his colleagues to support the bipartisan Save American Workers Act (H.R. 30) which the House of Representatives debated earlier today. This bipartisan legislation would repeal the health care laws 30-hour definition of full-time employment and restore the traditional 40-hour work week.
Read more.
UPDATE SUBSCRIPTION OPTIONS
|
PRIVACY POLICY
|
CONTACT US
Click Here Click Here