
If you are having trouble viewing this message or would like to share
it on a social network, you can
view the message online .
Website
About David
Contact
Serving You
Media Center
Legislative Work
District
December 19, 2014
A Partial Victory on Coal
Ash
For the past four years we have sought to find
a workable solution for the regulation of coal ash, the unavoidable
byproduct of burning coal, that will maintain hundreds of thousands of
jobs, encourage recycling, protect the environment, and provide
certainty.
Today the EPA made a decision to not regulate
coal ash as a hazardous material, meaning it can continue to be recycled
and used in everyday products, such as concrete, bricks, and wall
board . This announcement shows that our work has made a difference,
but there is still more to be done.
Removing uncertainty on
coal ash will allow more coal byproducts to be recycled and protect the
316,000 jobs related to coal ash. Were proud to have played a role in
helping avoid the disastrous outcome a hazardous designation would
have created. However, the EPA falls short of offering a functional
regulatory system, fails to address key issues, and still leaves
uncertainty for both industry and environmental groups. A legislative answer is
still necessary to close many of the open-ended questions and
concerns the EPA left us under this regulation.
The
plan we laid out in
H.R. 2218 calls for federal
standards for coal ash disposal and requires the states to develop disposal
programs that meet those standards.
This approach was developed
in consultation with states, utilities, recyclers, and the EPA, and
remains the best way to ensure coal ash can continue to be disposed and
recycled in a safe and economical manner.
This solution has
received strong bipartisan support and passed the House on multiple
occasions since 2011, but has consistently been blocked in the Senate.
Early next year we plan to introduce a similar bill to address this
problem once and for all. With new leadership in the Senate, we expect our
common sense plan can finally pass the Senate and be signed into
law.
Nominating Future Leaders
Earlier this week, my
office nominated
15 West Virginia students to United
States service academies including the U.S. Air Force Academy, the U.S.
Naval Academy, the U.S Military Academy, and the Merchant Marine
Academy.
Congressional nomination is the first step in a
process toward appointment to a military academy. Nominated students
must also meet the stringent admission requirements of the academies to
earn an appointment.
These students are the future leaders of America.
To earn
this nomination they have excelled both inside and outside the classroom
and shown strong leadership potential. Their hard work and exemplary
character make me proud to be a West Virginian.
These young
men and women have a strong desire to serve their country. I wish them
the best for the future and look forward to seeing what they
accomplish.
Marshall University President
Stephen Kopp, Rest in Peace
Marshall University
and West Virginia lost a true leader this week
after
the sudden death of Marshall University president Stephen Kopp.
Marshall Board of Governors chairman Michael Sellards called Kopp one
of the most dedicated and long-serving president in the 177-year
history of Marshall University. His dedicated to higher education saw
Marshall University grow over his 9 year tenure.
This is a truly tragic loss. My thoughts and prayers are with
President Kopps wife, their children, grandchildren,
and the entire Marshall community , during this time of loss and
healing.
Working for the Hearing
Impaired
As someone with a hearing impairment, in
Congress I have worked to advocate for people who face similar
challenges.
This week the Charleston Daily Mail highlighted
my efforts and personal experience I have on the challenges the face
people with hearing impairments .
Some of my
accomplishments include fighting against a proposed Center for Medicare &amp;
Medicaid Services (CMS) rule that would have eliminated longstanding
Medicare coverage on several types of hearing devices. This issue was
personal to me, as a hearing impaired American with a cochlear implant and a
grandfather of a child with a hearing devise.
In Congress I
also serve as co-chairman of the Congressional Hearing Health Caucus. I
hope with my personal experience I can work to open doors of
opportunity for hearing challenged
people.
Continuing Our District Work
Earlier this week
I continued my travels through the First Congressional District and
holding several meetings in Harrison and Hancock Counties. In Hancock
County I met with the Salvation Army and other organizations that help
low income families and continued i n Harrison County
with a roundtable discussion with North Central West Virginia Airport
officials . At the meeting we were able to discuss their concerns
about the workforce, business, and how my office can help fight for
their issues in Congress.
Over the past four years I have
traveled through all 20 counties and held nearly 250 meetings in the First
Congressional District meeting with individuals, businesses, and other
groups. These meetings ensure that my office understands the issues
facing industries in West Virginia, and allows me to better represent
the First District. Next Congress, we will continue holding these
discussions. Keep an eye out, I may be coming to a town near
you.
Holiday Season
With
the holiday season upon us my offices will remain open on December
22-23, December 29-31, and January 2. Please feel free to reach out to my
offices during these times. Regarding issues before Congress please
contact my Washington, D.C. office by phone at (202) 225-4172; for
constituent services, my Morgantown office may be reached at (304)
284-8506.
I also encourage you to visit my website at
www.mckinley.house.gov , where you can send me an email and sign up
for my email newsletter.
From myself,
Mary, the whole McKinley family and staff - Happy Holidays. We look
forward to continuing serving you in the 114 th
Congress.
What do you think? What do you like best about the holiday season? Gifts Family Tradition Food Other *By answering
this survey, you are subscribing to my newsletter. If you
are having trouble, click here. Share on
Facebook Share on Twitter Share on LinkedIn Survey Results What type of
Christmas tree are you getting? Answer Total Real 14.15% Artificial 66.10% No
tree 17.80% Other
1.95%
Washington, DC
412 Cannon HOB
|
Washington, DC 20515
Phone:
(202) 225-4172 |
Fax: (202)
225-7564
Morgantown
709 Beechurst
Ave.
Suite 29
Morgantown, WV 26505
Phone: 304.284.8506
Wheeling
Horne Building
1100 Main Street, Suite 101
Wheeling, WV
26003
Phone: (304) 232-3801
Fax: 304-232-3813
Parkersburg
Federal Building
425 Juliana Street
Suite 1004
Parkersburg, WV 26101
Phone:
(304) 422-5972
Unsubscribe
|
Update My Profile
|
Privacy Policy
gateway mail end
