
If you are having trouble viewing this message or would like to
share it on a social network, you can
view the message online .
HOME
|
ABOUT
|
CONTACT
|
HOW CAN I HELP
|
MEDIA
|
ISSUES
|
THE 12TH DISTRICT
|
LEGISLATION
Dear
David,
Constituent Services
This holiday season, I have a lot to be thankful
for - I have been blessed with a lovely wife, four healthy children,
great parents, and fantastic friends. I also have the distinct pleasure
of being your Representative in Congress. It is both an honor and a
privilege. Below is a friendly reminder of the many constituent services
my office can provide you. I hope you and your family enjoy a lovely
holiday, and please do not hesitate to reach out to my office if I can
be of assistance.
Legislative Wrap-Up
I have been involved with the passage of a number of important
legislative items this past Congress. Among those are bringing jobs to
the Tampa Bay area, mitigating flood insurance rate increases, and
supporting positive reforms for Veterans, while securing funding for a new
Veterans consolidated clinic. I have also held a number of
roundtables in the District.
Brand
USA
reauthorization was signed into law when my
bill, H.R. 4450, the Travel Promotion, Enhancement, and Modernization
Act, was included in H.R. 83.
Tourism is an integral part of our economy
especially in
Florida. Increased tourism means more American and Floridian jobs. My bill
means job growth without utilizing a cent of taxpayer money. In fact,
it lowers the deficit. Millions of Americans across the country are
still struggling, and Brand USA reauthorization is a jobs bill with a
proven track record of success..
It is a big win for all Americans in the service and tourism
industries, and Floridians all across the state, including the Tampa
Bay area. Common sense solutions like these to boost the economy and
create jobs will spur our slow economic
recovery.
Earlier this year,
my constituents
faced astronomical increases in their flood insurance rates.
I worked with a bipartisan group of my colleagues to
get the Homeowner Flood Insurance Affordability Act signed into law. It
was a great example of good government. People were hurting, and in
dire need of assistance. Republicans and Democrats came together and got
legislation passed and signed into law that will help the American
people. I was proud to have been a vital part of this process. My
constituents and Americans across the country got the relief they so
desperately needed. Make no mistake; this was a huge win for the American
people.
I was also proud
to be involved in the crafting of
H.R. 3230, the Veterans
Access, Choice, and Accountability Act of 2014.
This agreement will help Veterans get more timely access to quality
care, and will authorize leases for critical new VA clinics, including a
single, consolidated clinic in Pasco County. Our Veterans deserve the
best access to care, and it was important that the Pasco lease was
included in the final version of this legislation.
The VA has systemic failures that promote a
culture of mediocrity and discourage transparency and accountability,
which has resulted in a backlog of Veterans claims and excessive wait
times to receive care. This law, which will help Veterans get access
to care and reduce the backlog, is the first step toward fully
reforming the VAs culture so that it serves the Veteran, not the
bureaucrat.
I also held a
number of roundtables and public events in my District .
These include, but are not limited
to:
A mental health and substance
abuse community conversation, to discuss the challenges people suffering
from mental illnesses and substance abuse issues
face;
Two 21 st
Century Cures
roundtables, to talk with patients, patient advocates, and health care
providers about how we can quickly approve drugs that those suffering
from rare and chronic conditions need;
An identity theft fair, where individuals of all
ages could come and learn from industry professionals about how to
best protect their identity; and
My 8 th
Annual Veterans
fair.
Moving forward, I will continue
to hold events like these. It is important to engage with you
my
constituent. Your views inform the work I do in Washington on your
behalf.
Casework
I can provide assistance with a federal agency. The federal
government is bogged down by red tape. Although I have worked throughout
my tenure in Congress to reduce the burdens federal agencies place on
constituents, much of it persists. You do not have to deal with a
federal agency alone
I have a team of caseworkers who are experts in
dealing with these agencies, and they are here to assist
you.
If you know a Veteran who needs
assistance accessing benefits from the VA, my office can help; or, if
you need assistance collecting disability or Social Security payments,
my office can help. If you or someone you know is dealing with a
federal agency, dont do it alone
let my office help.
Click here
or photo above to find out more about
casework.
Visiting Our Nations
Capital
If you are planning on visiting Washington, D.C., my
office can book tours for you and your group. By clicking the photo above,
you can view a range of options
everything from tours of the Capitol
Building and the White House to the Pentagon. There is also
additional information on monuments, museums, transportation options, and other
places of interest.
Service
Academy
Nominations
My office also provides service academy
nominations. Each year, I have the privilege of nominating a limited
number of students to four of the five service academies. Electing to
attend a service academy is a choice to receive a fantastic education and
serve your country. I wish the best to all those who pursue that path.
You can find information and frequently asked questions about a
service academy nomination on my website by clicking
here .
Addressing Your
Concerns
I
take my constituents thoughts, concerns, and ideas very seriously. I
am in Washington
to represent you.
If
you want to comment on a bill, give me an idea, or tell me some of your
concerns,
click here to drop me a line ! I will
get back to you with a letter or email
you can also call my offices
at (727) 232 2921 or (202) 225 5755 and share your thoughts and
opinions over the phone.
A Blessed
Holiday Season
As we find ourselves embarking on the holiday season, we
know that there are those all over the world who wont know the comfort
and warmth that we are blessed to share.
I ask that you say a
prayer for them and keep them close in your thoughts.
And to you
and yours, celebrating Christmas or Hanukkah, may there be joy in your
lives and peace in the world and may the New Year bring us closer
together in friendship.
Sincerely,
Gus Bilirakis
Member of Congress
Unsubscribe
|
Update My Profile
|
Privacy Policy
