
Connect with Representative Miller online:
Rep. Miller Outlines Legislative Priorities for 2015
WASHINGTON &#8211; Today, U.S. Representative Candice Miller (MI-10), Vice Chair of the House Homeland Security Committee and Chairman of the Subcommittee on Border and Maritime Security, issued the following statement outlining her legislative
priorities for the first Session of the 114 th
Congress:
&#8220;Tomorrow begins the 114 th
Congress as my colleagues and I
are sworn into office and I renew my solemn oath to
protect and defend the sacred freedoms guaranteed by our Constitution and to advocate for reforms and policies that are in the best interest of the hardworking families
in Michigan&#8217;s 10 th
Congressional District.
Last year, we celebrated some important legislative victories that helped create jobs, reduced regulatory overreach, and increased the federal
resources dedicated to preserving and maintaining our magnificent Great Lakes.
&#8220;We had some important legislative achievements in 2014.
However, with Republican majorities in both chambers, I believe we can tackle some much-needed reforms that will protect the Homeland, create even greater economic opportunity,
and preserve Michigan&#8217;s natural resources for future generations.
Specifically, I want to pass a comprehensive strategy to secure our borders, overhaul our broken tax system, stop Asian carp from invading the Great Lakes, and adopt a new highway bill that
provides Michigan with the resources needed to repair and improve our transportation infrastructure.
&#8220;First, we must address border security. Last year, we witnessed a humanitarian crisis as tens of thousands of unaccompanied children crossed our southern border, and the President&#8217;s most recent executive order is certain to exacerbate
the problem.
Therefore, border security must be addressed immediately. We must also tackle tax reform. The best way, I believe, to turbocharge our economy would be to adopt fundamental tax simplification and reform. I hear all the time from families and small
businesses that our tax code has become too complex and the cost of complying is going through the roof. That has to change.
&#8220;I also believe we need to stop Asian carp from invading the Great Lakes. Last year, I introduced legislation that would authorize a complete hydrologic separation between the Mississippi River and Lake Michigan
to prevent this invasive, destructive species from invading the Great Lakes. Since its introduction, my bill received a lot of support from local, state, national and even international stakeholders, but it also received a great deal of pushback.
This Congress,
I plan to reintroduce my legislation as well as work with my colleagues from the Great Lakes region to identify ways to stop Asian carp. Too much is at stake, and we need to keep fighting for our Lakes.
&#8220;This year, the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure will take up the reauthorization of our national highway bill with the final product likely to come before the full House as early as this summer.
As was the case with the Water Resources Reform and Development Act, I will be deeply involved in the process to make certain Michigan gets our fair share so that our highway infrastructure can better meet our needs.
&#8220;In addition to these priorities, we must also focus on regulatory reforms and domestic energy production, including sending President Obama commonsense legislation approving the long-overdue construction
of the Keystone XL Pipeline that will help to further reduce the price of gas and our reliance on foreign sources of energy.
&#8220;I believe that, working with my colleagues from both sides of the aisle in both chambers, I can help advance these important reforms and initiatives that will create more opportunities for all of the hardworking families in Michigan&#8217;s
10 th
Congressional District.&#8221;
###
TELL A FRIEND
Feel free to share this e-mail with your friends and family by forwarding this email. If this e-mail has been forwarded to you, please sign up to receive Congresswoman Candice Miller
electronic newsletter .
CONTACT INFORMATION
Washington Office
U.S. House of Representatives
320 Cannon House Office Bldg
Washington, DC 20515
Phone: (202)225-2106
Fax: (202)226-1169
DISTRICT OFFICE
48701 Van Dyke Ave
Shelby Township, MI 48317
Phone: (586)997-5010
Fax: (586)997-5013
E-MAIL Candice
LEARN MORE
UNSUBSCRIBE
NOTE:
This mailbox is unattended. To send e-mail to Congresswoman Candice Miller, please go to
her contact form . To unsubscribe from future electronic updates, please use
this link .
