
Can't see the pictures? Select "Always display images" or
view this message in your browser .
Dear Friends,
Each tax season brings with it a new set of challenges. This year, many individuals and families will be filing their taxes following their first year on Connecticut&rsquo;s health insurance exchange &ndash; Access Health CT. Whether you enrolled in coverage through Access Health CT or not, Connecticut and the IRS provide a variety of resources to help you file your tax paperwork this year.
Please use the following links to help answer your questions this tax season:
Access Health CT, Tax Information : If you received health insurance from Access Health CT and received help paying for coverage, you need to file taxes for 2014. Follow the link for more information.
Access Health CT, Tax Time Tips : Follow the link for a simple tip sheet on filing your taxes this year if you received coverage from Access Health CT.
IRS, Affordable Care Act Tax Provisions : This is the first year that you will report health coverage on your tax return. Follow the link for general information on how the Affordable Care Act impacts your tax filings this year.
IRS, Affordable Care Act Tax Provisions for Individuals &amp; Families : The law requires that you and each member of your family have qualifying health insurance, a health coverage exemption, or make a payment when you file. Follow the link for more information for individuals and families.
IRS, Affordable Care Act Tax Provisions for Employers : The Affordable Care Act, or health care law, contains benefits and responsibilities for employers. Follow the link for more information for employers.
Additional Resources:
Click here
to find free, in-person help from Access Health CT or call 1-855-909-2428 for assistance from Connecticut&rsquo;s Health Insurance Exchange.
Click here
for a comprehensive IRS packet on &lsquo;Health Care Law: What&rsquo;s New for Individuals &amp; Families&rsquo;.
Click here
for information on what it means for your taxes if you do not have health coverage from the Health Insurance Marketplace.
Click here
for a U.S. Department of Health &amp; Human Services Fact Sheet on health coverage and federal income taxes in 2015.
Click here
for the Connecticut Department of Revenue Services website.
Click here
to find your local IRS Taxpayer Assistance Center.
The IRS Volunteer Income Tax Assistance (VITA) and the Tax Counseling for the Elderly (TCE) Programs also offer free tax help for taxpayers who qualify at thousands of sites across the country.
Click here
for more information on these programs and where to find one near you.
Sincerely,
Click here to unsubscribe
Washington Office
1501 Longworth House Office Building
Washington, DC 20515
Phone: (202) 225-2265
Hartford District Office
221 Main Street, 2nd Floor
Hartford, CT 06106
Phone: 860-278-8888
This mailing was prepared, published, and mailed at taxpayer expense.
