
Dear Friend,
Thank you for signing up to receive my email newsletter. These
newsletters will cover a variety of topics, including events happening
in Indiana, legislation being considered in Congress, and my
perspective on current issues. My hope is to keep you updated and
informed on how issues in Washington may impact Hoosiers. I welcome
your feedback.
Thanks for reading,
Dan Coats
_____
America's Retreat from the World Stage
Throughout history, a single picture has revealed the world's momentary
political reality. Before photography, artistic representations of
Caesar entering Rome, Napoleon crossing the Alps and General Washington
crossing the Delaware defined periods of history.
With photography, we are able to see images that define America's role
in the pivotal moments of existential threats to our values, faiths and
way of life. Moments like President Roosevelt and Winston Churchill
sitting beside Josef Stalin in Tehran and later at Yalta, President
Kennedy at the City Hall in Berlin and President Reagan at the
Brandenburg Gate.
These are all powerful images, and the photographic ones have a common
theme: America's essential leadership role in global affairs. In these
examples and thousands of others, we can see the world looking at
America with respect and the expectation that we will lead in moments
critical to the world's future.
This week, the most powerful image that evokes the world's new
political reality is a photo featuring several of the world's most
significant, influential leaders walking arm-in-arm down a Paris
boulevard. These influential leaders, from Europe, Africa and the
Middle East, are united in protest against the grotesque barbarism of
radical jihad that threatens us all.
But it is not who is in the photo that gives the image its importance.
Instead, it is the utter absence of America that gives this picture its
profound significance.
If the world needs any further demonstration of America's decline, it
is our absence at this potentially defining moment in rallying the
nations of the world to defend our values and freedoms. And it is just
not an image problem, although the image itself carries the message. It
is a substance problem.
This group of world leaders and millions of others joined together in
Paris last weekend to show the entire world that a threat to our
principal freedoms is entirely unacceptable and will be resisted.
Millions gathered not only because 16 people in France died so
tragically. They gathered because those who would pervert their faith
in order to lure deluded young people into violent extremism must know
that we will all oppose them, no matter what it takes.
How can we reconcile this vital mission with America's utter absence?
No excuses are sufficient. No apologies or explanations about
bureaucratic ineptitude will be enough to undo the damage caused by our
nonappearance.
Sadly, the president's absence is in fact an accurate reflection of how
this administration sees our role in the world. Most of the foreign
policy challenges we face - from ISIS to Syria to Iraq - have been
aggravated by U.S. policy failures under President Obama. Those
failures have come from a White House isolated in a wasteland of
confusion.
Shrouded in this fog of indecision and failure, is it any wonder that
our government could not find the vision to join with the rest of the
world to show purpose in Paris?
It is deeply ironic and appropriate that the events in Paris were all
generated by the power of imagery - cartoons no less. Those events have
now produced a new imagery, a picture of global common action in which
the United States of America is tragically absent.
_____
Administration Must Outline Cuba Policy
This week I joined with my Senate colleague Marco Rubio to ask Treasury
Secretary Jacob Lew to detail how the Department of the Treasury plans
to lawfully implement President Obama's announcement that he is
unilaterally normalizing relations with Cuba.
In our letter, we wrote:
"We are deeply concerned that several aspects of the President Obama's
new approach to Cuba, especially those related to unilaterally easing
U.S. sanctions, violate the letter and spirit of several U.S. laws, and
increase the moral and financial risk to the American taxpayer and
financial system of doing business through Cuba's government-controlled
financial system."
To read the full letter, click here
.
Coats in the News
White House hit for using security as 'excuse'
for no-show at Paris rally
Dan Coats, Marco Rubio challenge Obama's power to 'unilaterally' lift
Cuba sanctions
Coats, Donnelly co-sponsor bill to repeal medical device tax
Coats comments on Labor Department's December report
Coats supports bill to eliminate Obamacare's IPAB
_____
Stay Connected
_____
Go Colts!
_____
Coats on TV
Click here
or on the image above to watch me
discuss this week's cyber hack on U.S. Central Command's social media
accounts.
Click here
or on the image above to watch me
speak with CNN about the Keystone Pipeline.
_____
To unsubscribe please
Click Here
Contact Me
Latest News
A message
from Senator Dan Coats
Dear
Friend,
Thank you for signing up to receive my email
newsletter. These newsletters will cover a variety of topics,
including
events happening in Indiana, legislation being
considered
in Congress, and my perspective on current issues.
My
hope is to keep you updated and informed on how issues in Washington may impact Hoosiers. I welcome your
feedback.
Thanks for reading,
Dan Coats
America&#8217;s Retreat from the World Stage
Throughout history, a single picture has revealed the world&#8217;s momentary political
reality. Before photography, artistic representations of Caesar entering Rome, Napoleon crossing the
Alps and General Washington crossing the Delaware defined periods of history.
With photography, we are able to see images that define America&#8217;s role in the
pivotal moments of existential threats to our values, faiths and way of life. Moments like President
Roosevelt and Winston Churchill sitting beside Josef Stalin in Tehran and later at Yalta, President Kennedy
at the City Hall in Berlin and President Reagan at the Brandenburg Gate.
These are all powerful images, and the photographic ones have a common theme: America&#8217;s
essential leadership role in global affairs. In these examples and thousands of others, we can see the
world looking at America with respect and the expectation that we will lead in moments critical to the
world&#8217;s future.
This week, the most powerful image that evokes the world&#8217;s new political reality
is a photo featuring several of the world&#8217;s most significant, influential leaders walking arm-in-arm
down a Paris boulevard. These influential leaders, from Europe, Africa and the Middle East, are united
in protest against the grotesque barbarism of radical jihad that threatens us all.
But it is not who is in the photo that gives the image its importance. Instead, it is
the utter absence of America that gives this picture its profound significance.
If the world needs any further demonstration of America&#8217;s decline, it is our absence
at this potentially defining moment in rallying the nations of the world to defend our values and freedoms.
And it is just not an image problem, although the image itself carries the message. It is a substance
problem.
This group of world leaders and millions of others joined together in Paris last weekend
to show the entire world that a threat to our principal freedoms is entirely unacceptable and will be
resisted. Millions gathered not only because 16 people in France died so tragically. They gathered because
those who would pervert their faith in order to lure deluded young people into violent extremism must
know that we will all oppose them, no matter what it takes.
How can we reconcile this vital mission with America&#8217;s utter absence? No excuses
are sufficient. No apologies or explanations about bureaucratic ineptitude will be enough to undo the
damage caused by our nonappearance.
Sadly, the president&#8217;s absence is in fact an accurate reflection of how this administration
sees our role in the world. Most of the foreign policy challenges we face &#8211; from ISIS to Syria
to Iraq &#8211; have been aggravated by U.S. policy failures under President Obama. Those failures have
come from a White House isolated in a wasteland of confusion.
Shrouded in this fog of indecision and failure, is it any wonder that our government
could not find the vision to join with the rest of the world to show purpose in Paris?
It is deeply ironic and appropriate that the events in Paris were all generated by the
power of imagery &#8211; cartoons no less. Those events have now produced a new imagery, a picture of
global common action in which the United States of America is tragically absent.
Administration
Must Outline Cuba Policy
This
week I joined with my Senate colleague Marco Rubio to ask Treasury Secretary Jacob Lew
to detail how the Department of the Treasury plans to lawfully implement President Obama&#8217;s announcement that
he is unilaterally normalizing relations with Cuba.
In
our letter, we wrote:
&#8220;We
are deeply concerned that several aspects of the President Obama&#8217;s new approach to Cuba, especially
those related to unilaterally easing U.S. sanctions, violate the letter and spirit of several U.S. laws,
and increase the moral and financial risk to the American taxpayer and financial system of doing business
through Cuba&#8217;s government-controlled financial system.&#8221;
To
read the full letter, click
here .
Coats
in the News
White
House hit for using security as &#8216;excuse&#8217; for no-show at Paris rally
Dan
Coats, Marco Rubio challenge Obama&#8217;s power to &#8216;unilaterally&#8217; lift Cuba sanctions
Coats,
Donnelly co-sponsor bill to repeal medical device tax
Coats
comments on Labor Department&#8217;s December report
Coats
supports bill to eliminate Obamacare's IPAB
Stay
Connected
Go Colts!
Coats on TV
Click
here
or
on the image above to watch me discuss this week's cyber hack on U.S. Central Command's social
media accounts.
Click
here
or on the image above to watch me speak with CNN about the Keystone Pipeline.
To
unsubscribe please
Click
Here
Contact
Me Latest
News
