
January 20, 2015
IN THIS ISSUE:
Senator Collins Officially Assumes Role of Chairman of Senate Aging
Committee
Senator Collins' Floor Speech on the Priorities of the Aging Committee
Senator Collins Announces Participation in Bipartisan Civil Rights
Pilgrimage to Selma, Alabama
Collins, Donnelly: 40 Hours is Full Time
Collins, King, and Poliquin Urge Commerce Secretary to Investigate
unfair Canadian Trade Practices in Paper Market
Maine Bridge Project Gets $1m Federal Grant
President Signs Senator Collins' Bill to Study Creation of National
Women's History Museum
Senator Susan Collins Officially Assumes Role of Chairman of Senate
Aging Committee
Senator Susan Collins was officially elected as the Chairman of the
Senate Special Committee on Aging. Serving as Ranking Member for the
past two years, Senator Collins pursued a leadership position on the
Committee because Maine has the oldest median age in the nation, and
this position will enable her to continue to work on issues that are of
particular interest and concern to seniors. This is the first time that
a Mainer has held the top position on the Committee since the early
1990's when Senator Bill Cohen served as both Ranking Member and
Chairman of the Committee.
In the 114th Congress, Senator Collins is the highest ranking
Republican woman Senator, while ranking 9th in the Republican Caucus
and 19th in seniority in the full Senate.
Senator Collins' Floor Speech On the Priorities of the Aging Committee
Speaking from the Senator Floor, Senator Collins outlined the goals and
priorities of the Aging Committee.
Senator Collins plans to maintain the Committee's focus on health care,
retirement security, transportation, and scams targeting seniors. In
addition, Senator Collins' priorities on the Committee include
highlighting the importance of biomedical research on diseases such as
Alzheimer's and diabetes.
Watch Senator Collins' floor speech here
.
Senator Collins Announces Participation in Bipartisan Civil Rights
Pilgrimage to Selma, Alabama
At the 19th annual Dr. Martin Luther King, Jr. breakfast, sponsored by
the University of Maine and the Greater Bangor NAACP, Senator Susan
Collins announced that she will travel to Selma, Alabama on the 50th
anniversary of "Bloody Sunday," to participate in the Bipartisan
Congressional Civil Rights Pilgrimage. The trip will commemorate the
famous civil rights march that led to the enactment of the Voting
Rights Act of 1965.
Senator Collins was invited by U.S. Senator Tim Scott (R-SC), the first
African-American Senator elected from the south since 1881, and the
bipartisan delegation will be led by Congressman John Lewis of Georgia,
who participated in the original Selma March in 1965.
The commemoration will take place March 6-8, 2015 in Selma and
Montgomery, Alabama, and will involve visits to historic sites and
church services.
Media Coverage from the 19th annual Dr. Martin Luther King, Jr.
breakfast is available here
.
Collins, Donnelly: 40 Hours is Full Time
U.S. Senators Susan Collins (R-ME) and Joe Donnelly (D-IN) reintroduced
the bipartisan Forty Hours is Full Time Act which would change the
definition of a "full-time employee" under the Affordable Care Act to
someone who works an average of 40 hours per week.
The bill would help ensure that millions of American workers do not
have their hours, and their paychecks, reduced. The employees affected
by this rule aren't limited to any one sector. School employees,
restaurant staff, seasonal employees, home care nurses, municipal
workers, and many more, are all in danger of seeing their hours and
paychecks cut.
Watch the full press conference here
.
Senator Collins recently wrote a Weekly Column on the Forty Hours is
Full Time Act, which is available here
.
Collins, King, and Poliquin Urge Commerce Secretary to Investigate
Unfair Canadian Trade Practices in Paper Market
In a letter, U.S. Senators Susan Collins (R-ME) and Angus King (I-ME),
and Congressman Bruce Poliquin (R-ME), urge the U.S. Secretary of
Commerce to address and put a stop to unfair Canadian trade practices
in the paper market. At issue are potentially illegal subsidies being
provided by the provincial government of Nova Scotia to the Port
Hawkesbury Paper mill in Nova Scotia. Yesterday, Madison Paper
Industries, which owns a mill in Madison, cited these subsidies as a
major reason why it is being forced to curtail production for at least
two weeks later this month and temporarily lay off most non-salaried
employees.
Video is available from WLBZ-2 here
.
In their letter to Commerce Secretary Penny Pritzker, Senators Collins
and King and Congressman Poliquin wrote, "Members of the Maine
delegation have previously brought this matter to the attention of U.S.
Trade Representative Ron Kirk, and we understand that the current Trade
Representative Michael Froman raised this issue on several occasions
with the Canadian trade authorities. Despite these efforts, the
subsidies continue to flow from the Nova Scotia government to Port
Hawkesbury Paper, putting U.S. jobs at continued risk.
The full text of the letter can be found here
.
Maine Bridge Project Gets $1m Federal Grant
>From the Associated Press
:
"US Senator Susan Collins of Maine says a new federal grant of $1
million for the Sarah Long Bridge replacement project should help
expedite the construction of a new bridge. Collins said Sunday the
additional funding from the Federal Highway Administration will enable
the Maine Department of Transportation to hire a construction
manager/general contractor to hasten the design process and consult
with the private sector. The construction manager will also study
cost-effective and efficient construction methods. The bridge runs
between Kittery, Maine, and Portsmouth, N.H. In September,
transportation officials from the two states reached a $158.5 million
tentative price agreement to replace the bridge, which is rated
structurally deficient. The new bridge is expected to open in August
2017."
Footage from the event is available here
.
President Signs Senator Collins' Bill to Study Creation of National
Women's History Museum
A bill to form a commission on the creation of a National Women's
History Museum, authored by Senator Susan Collins, has become law. The
bill was included in the 2015 National Defense Authorization Act which
was approved by both the Senate and House and signed by the President.
OFFICE OF SENATOR SUSAN COLLINS
413 Dirksen Senate Office Building
Washington, D.C. 20510
Phone: (202) 224-2523
Fax: (202) 224-2693
To UNSUBSCRIBE, please click here
DEFAULT TABLE ATTRIBUTES ARE:
DEFAULT TD STYLE IS:
DEFAULT LEFT SIDEBAR IS:
DEFAULT RIGHT COLUMN IS:
Can't
see the images? Make sure your e-mail is set to download pictures in order to see the full content
of this e-newsletter.
January
20, 2015
IN
THIS ISSUE:
Senator Collins Officially Assumes Role of Chairman of Senate Aging
Committee
Senator Collins' Floor
Speech on the Priorities of the Aging Committee
Senator Collins Announces Participation
in Bipartisan Civil Rights Pilgrimage to Selma, Alabama
Collins, Donnelly: 40 Hours is Full Time
Collins, King, and
Poliquin Urge Commerce Secretary to Investigate unfair Canadian Trade Practices in Paper Market
Maine Bridge Project Gets $1m Federal Grant
President Signs Senator Collins' Bill to Study Creation of National
Women's History Museum
Senator Susan Collins Officially Assumes Role of Chairman of Senate Aging Committee
Senator
Susan Collins was officially elected as the Chairman of the Senate Special Committee on Aging. Serving
as Ranking Member for the past two years, Senator Collins pursued a leadership position on the Committee
because Maine has the oldest median age in the nation, and this position will enable her to continue
to work on issues that are of particular interest and concern to seniors. This is the first time that
a Mainer has held the top position on the Committee since the early 1990&#8217;s when Senator Bill Cohen
served as both Ranking Member and Chairman of the Committee.
In the 114th Congress, Senator Collins is the highest ranking Republican woman Senator, while
ranking 9th in the Republican Caucus and 19th in seniority in the full Senate.
Senator Collins' Floor Speech On the Priorities of the Aging
Committee
Speaking from the
Senator Floor, Senator Collins outlined the goals and priorities of the Aging Committee.
Senator
Collins plans to maintain the Committee&#8217;s focus on health care, retirement security, transportation,
and scams targeting seniors. In addition, Senator Collins&#8217; priorities on the Committee include
highlighting the importance of biomedical research on diseases such as Alzheimer&#8217;s and diabetes.
Watch Senator Collins&#8217; floor speech
here .
Senator Collins Announces Participation in Bipartisan Civil Rights
Pilgrimage to Selma, Alabama
At
the 19th annual Dr. Martin Luther King, Jr. breakfast, sponsored by the University of Maine and the Greater
Bangor NAACP, Senator Susan Collins announced that she will travel to Selma, Alabama on the 50th anniversary
of &#8220;Bloody Sunday,&#8221; to participate in the Bipartisan Congressional Civil Rights Pilgrimage.
The trip will commemorate the famous civil rights march that led to the enactment of the Voting Rights
Act of 1965.
Senator Collins was invited by U.S. Senator Tim Scott (R-SC), the first African-American Senator
elected from the south since 1881, and the bipartisan delegation will be led by Congressman John Lewis
of Georgia, who participated in the original Selma March in 1965.
The commemoration will take place March 6-8, 2015 in Selma and Montgomery, Alabama, and will involve
visits to historic sites and church services.
Media Coverage from the 19th annual Dr. Martin Luther King, Jr. breakfast is available
here .
Collins,
Donnelly: 40 Hours is Full Time
U.S. Senators Susan Collins (R-ME) and Joe Donnelly (D&#8211;IN) reintroduced the bipartisan Forty
Hours is Full Time Act which would change the definition of a &#8220;full-time employee&#8221; under
the Affordable Care Act to someone who works an average of 40 hours per week.
The bill would help ensure that millions of American workers do not have their hours, and their
paychecks, reduced. The employees affected by this rule aren&#8217;t limited to any one sector. School
employees, restaurant staff, seasonal employees, home care nurses, municipal workers, and many more,
are all in danger of seeing their hours and paychecks cut.
Watch the full press conference
here .
Senator
Collins recently wrote a Weekly Column on the Forty Hours is Full Time Act, which is available
here .
Collins, King, and Poliquin Urge Commerce Secretary to Investigate
Unfair Canadian Trade Practices in Paper Market
In a letter, U.S. Senators Susan Collins (R-ME) and Angus King (I-ME), and Congressman Bruce Poliquin
(R-ME), urge the U.S. Secretary of Commerce to address and put a stop to unfair Canadian trade practices
in the paper market. At issue are potentially illegal subsidies being provided by the provincial government
of Nova Scotia to the Port Hawkesbury Paper mill in Nova Scotia. Yesterday, Madison Paper Industries,
which owns a mill in Madison, cited these subsidies as a major reason why it is being forced to curtail
production for at least two weeks later this month and temporarily lay off most non-salaried employees.
Video
is available from WLBZ-2
here .
In their letter to Commerce Secretary Penny Pritzker, Senators Collins and King and Congressman
Poliquin wrote, &#8220;Members of the Maine delegation have previously brought this matter to the attention
of U.S. Trade Representative Ron Kirk, and we understand that the current Trade Representative Michael
Froman raised this issue on several occasions with the Canadian trade authorities. Despite these efforts,
the subsidies continue to flow from the Nova Scotia government to Port Hawkesbury Paper, putting U.S.
jobs at continued risk.
The full text of the letter can be found
here .
Maine
Bridge Project Gets $1m Federal Grant
From
the
Associated
Press :
"US
Senator Susan Collins of Maine says a new federal grant of $1 million for the Sarah Long Bridge replacement
project should help expedite the construction of a new bridge. Collins said Sunday the additional funding
from the Federal Highway Administration will enable the Maine Department of Transportation to hire a
construction manager/general contractor to hasten the design process and consult with the private sector.
The construction manager will also study cost-effective and efficient construction methods. The bridge
runs between Kittery, Maine, and Portsmouth, N.H. In September, transportation officials from the two
states reached a $158.5 million tentative price agreement to replace the bridge, which is rated structurally
deficient. The new bridge is expected to open in August 2017."
Footage
from the event is available
here .
President
Signs Senator Collins' Bill to Study Creation of National Women's History Museum
A bill to form a commission on the creation of a National Women&#8217;s History Museum, authored
by Senator Susan Collins, has become law. The bill was included in the 2015 National Defense Authorization
Act which was approved by both the Senate and House and signed by the President.
OFFICE OF SENATOR SUSAN COLLINS
413
Dirksen Senate Office Building
Washington, D.C. 20510
Phone: (202) 224-2523
Fax: (202) 224-2693
To UNSUBSCRIBE,
please
click here
