
January 23, 2015
Greetings,
This week I introduced two measures to protect Americans and provide for our troops.
The first prevents any American who joins terrorists from reentering the United States.
The second ensures that we recognize and adequately compensate the soldiers who are risking their lives to combat the spread of Ebola.
It is our duty to provide for the common defense, and I hope Congress sends these bills to the President as an important step to keep America safe and free.
Please keep reading for an update on the Senate.
All the best,
Ted Cruz
Sen. Cruz Introduces Bills to Protect National Security,
Support Men and Women in Uniform
On Thursday, Sen. Cruz
introduced two bills to protect our national security and support our men and women in uniform . First, the Expatriate Terrorist Act (ETA), will prevent Americans who are fighting alongside a terrorist organization overseas from reentering the United States and recognizes such actions as a renunciation of U.S. citizenship. Second, the Operation United Assistance Tax Exclusion Act, cosponsored by Sen. John Cornyn, R-TX, provides that members of our military deployed to combat the spread of Ebola be entitled to the same tax benefits as those serving in a combat zone.
Click to view video
&ldquo;America continues to suffer the consequences of the failed Obama-Clinton-Kerry foreign policy,&rdquo; said Sen. Cruz. &ldquo;From Syria to Iraq to Yemen, it is clear that when America withdraws from the world, the world becomes a more dangerous place. We must take bold action to protect our homeland by declaring that Americans who have traveled abroad to fight with radical Islamic terrorists have renounced their citizenship, and we must preempt any of their efforts to re-enter the country and launch further attacks on Americans.&rdquo;
Sen. Cruz continued, &ldquo;While we take steps to protect Americans at home, we must never forget that once our Armed Forces are deployed in harm's way, Congress and the Commander-in-Chief have a responsibility to support them and their families who remain behind. That&rsquo;s why I am also reintroducing the Operation United Assistance Tax Exclusion Act, to give our troops the appropriate recognition for their service in the fight against Ebola.&rdquo;
Read the full release here.
On Friday, Sen. Cruz released a video to shed light on President Obama&rsquo;s unserious approach to our national security and his refusal to face the reality these threats pose to America and our allies.
Watch the video here.
Sen. Cruz Commends 2015 March for Life
On the 42nd anniversary of the
Roe v. Wade
decision, Sen. Cruz
released the following statement
in support of the 2015 March for Life:
&ldquo;Today thousands of students, families, and church communities have traveled to Washington to march for life and lift up our nation in prayer.
&ldquo;Forty-two years ago,
Roe v. Wade
overturned a Texas law and in one sweeping decision legalized abortion on demand across our nation. We are filled with grief for the nearly 57 million souls who will never have a chance to become the next teachers, artists, entrepreneurs, and heroes.
&ldquo;This anniversary marks a shadow in our nation&rsquo;s history, but one that is not without hope. Since that decision, communities have come together to embrace life and help women in need, and states have enacted laws to protect the health of mothers and the unborn. I remain a strong supporter of the Pain Capable Unborn Child Protection Act, a measure that has overwhelming support of Texans and Americans and that is an important step in recognizing the sanctity of life, and it is my hope that we swiftly pass this legislation and send it to the President&rsquo;s desk.
&ldquo;Thanks to the courageous efforts of sojourners across the country, the light of hope is illuminating the corners of our world and restoring a culture of life in America.
&ldquo;Each life is a gift from God. Without life, there is no liberty. So today, and every day, we stand united for life, and we resolve to always cherish and defend it.&rdquo;
Sen. Cruz Responds to President Obama&rsquo;s State of the Union Address
After the State of the Union, Sen. Cruz
responded
to President Obama&rsquo;s address:
"Tonight, America saw a powerful demonstration that it is time to move on beyond President Barack Obama.&rdquo; Sen. Cruz said. &ldquo;Just two months ago we had a national election, in which the American people spoke loud and clear and said the path we're on isn't working. The American people said the Obama economy isn't working, millions are hurting, and we want a different path.
Click to view video
"Tonight, the President told the American voters not only does he not hear their message, but he intends to do precisely the opposite. He intends to double down on the failed policies of the last six years. He intends to have yet more and more government spending and taxes and debt and all of the policies that are hurting hardworking Americans.
"Tonight, not a word was said about radical Islamic terrorism. Those words did not come out of the President's mouth. We cannot win a war on radical Islamic terrorism with a President unwilling to even say the words &lsquo;radical Islamic terrorism.'&rdquo;
Central Texas Office
300 E. 8th St,
Suite #961
Austin, TX 78701
Phone: (512) 916-5834
North Texas Office
Lee Park Tower II,
3626 N. Hall St., Suite #410
Dallas, TX 75219
Phone: (214) 599-8749
Southeast Texas Office
808 Travis St.,
Suite #1420
Houston, TX 77002
Phone: (713) 718-3057
South/Central Texas Office
9901 IH-10W,
Suite # 950
San Antonio, TX 78230
Phone: (210) 340-2885
East Texas Office
305 S. Broadway,
Suite 501
Tyler, TX 75702
Phone: (903) 593-5130
South Texas Office
200 S. 10th St,
Suite 1603
McAllen, TX 78501
Phone: (956) 686-7339
Washington Office
185 Dirksen Senate Office
Building
Washington, DC 20510
Phone: (202) 224-5922
If you no longer wish to receive these emails
click here to unsubscribe .
