
Monday, January 12, 2015
WEBSITE
|
FORWARD TO A FRIEND
| SHARE ON:
America's New Congress
Congress opened the new session last week passing bipartisan bills to show you that your priorities are our priorities
jobs and the economy. I wanted to share with you what these bills are and how they affect you.
Hire More Heroes Act : This bill will provide relief to small business owners and will help our nations veterans. Currently, employers are required to count service men and women towards the 50 employee threshold that subjects businesses to Obamacares employer mandate, even though more than 9 million veterans are already receiving health benefits through the Department of Defense or the Department of Veterans Affairs. This bill would exempt these veterans from being counted toward the employee threshold in the health care law, which will encourage the hiring of veterans a decrease for small businesses. I am a proud cosponsor of this bill and am pleased it passed the House by a vote of 420-0. It will now be sent to the Senate for consideration.
Save American Workers Act : This bill that restores the 40-hour work week passed the House with support from both sides of the aisle by a vote of 252-172. Obamacares employer mandate incentivizes employers to limit workers hours to 30 per week by defining full time employee as one who works 30 hours per week instead of the traditional 40-hour work week. While thousands of workers have seen their hours cut, a Hoover Institution study found that the mandate particularly impacts women and low-income workers. The study found that the Obamacare mandate puts 2.6 million Americans who earn less than $30,000 per year at risk of losing hours and wages. Sixty-three percent of those workers are women.
Approving the Keystone Pipeline : This bill would authorize the construction, connection, operation, and maintenance of the Keystone XL pipeline. Its been six years since the original application was submitted and President Obama continues to delay final approval despite six State Department reports indicating the pipeline would be in the best interest of our nation. Studies show it would support 42,000 jobs and generate $2 billion in earnings. The bill passed by a vote of 266-153-1 on the same day the Nebraska Supreme Court issued a ruling that paves the way for final approval of the route pipeline through their state. Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell (R-KY) has indicated that passing this legislation is a high priority in the Senate.
CONNECT
LATEST NEWS
Week One: Veto threats, 300 new regulations
Transitioning to the new Congress
New Committee Positions
NOTE: Please DO NOT respond to this email as this inbox is unattended. To contact my office please
click here
UPDATE SUBSCRIPTION OPTIONS
|
PRIVACY POLICY
|
CONTACT US
Click Here Click Here