
For Immediate Release
Contact: Lale Morrison
January 07, 2015
(202) 225-1313
January 2015
The Hastings Monthly Report
Beginning of the 114th Congress
As we begin a new year and new Congress, I would like to take this opportunity to share with you an overview of the work that I have done as your Member of Congress, as well as speak briefly on some of the salient issues facing our nation moving forward.
During the 113th Congress, I introduced more than 30 bills, amendments, and resolutions, while also co-sponsoring hundreds of other pieces of legislation.
The bills I introduced sought to address a variety of issues important to communities in Florida and across the country as a whole, ranging from the preservation of the Everglades and disaster relief initiatives to protecting the pensions of our nations veterans.
However, like many of you, I am frustrated with the dysfunction in Washington. Despite this gridlock, I am committed to continuing to work in the 114th Congress to improve the lives of my constituents and all Americans, and provide more opportunities for success through job creation, education, and the protection of civil rights.
Many pressing challenges currently face our nation and must be addressed in the coming year.
Congress has the responsibility to do more than just exchange partisan rhetoric and work together to accomplish real and needed change on myriad issues, from reforming our outdated and broken immigration system to defeating the terrorist threat posed by the Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant (ISIL).
The only way these issues will be resolved is to put aside destructive partisan politics and go about the business of the people by governing responsibly. I welcome this opportunity and will continue to work diligently in Congress as your Representative.
As we look forward to the 114th Congress, I am honored to have the chance to continue to serve the people of the 20th Congressional district.
Voting Rights Act (50th Anniversary) / Citizens United (5th Anniversary)
The ability of all citizens to have equal access to the ballot box is a cornerstone of our democracy. This month, we mark two important, but divergent anniversaries in the democratic legacy of our republic: the 50th anniversary of the passing of the Voting Rights Act of 1965 (VRA) and the 5th anniversary of the U.S. Supreme Courts
Citizens United v. Federal Election Commission
decision.
The Voting Rights Act, passed 50 years ago this month, provides vital voting rights protections for historically disenfranchised populations in our nation. The VRA, through its preclearance requirement, mandates that jurisdictions with historically racially discriminatory voting practices receive permission from the U.S. Department of Justice before making changes to their voting laws - ensuring that access to the ballot box is open, fair, and uniform throughout the nation.
Unfortunately, a recent Supreme Court decision has eroded the protections provided for in the VRA. In
Shelby County v. Holder , the Supreme Court dealt a devastating blow to the VRA, striking down the formula used to determine which jurisdictions must comply with the preclearance requirement; effectively rendering this protection ineffective.
Meanwhile, shortly after the Court weakened voting protections for disenfranchised members of our society, it delegated more power to corporations and the wealthiest Americans.
In its
Citizens United
decision, the Court struck down various campaign finance regulations, opening the flood gates for corporate campaign donations and undisclosed, dark money to secretly influence our elections. In the 5 years since this decision, we have seen corporations and anonymous wealthy donors exert outsized influence on our elections, contributing millions of dollars worth of secret money to influence campaigns to the determent of the average American voter who doesnt have the same financial means.
While I was disheartened by these Supreme Court decisions, on the anniversaries of the passing of the VRA and the Supreme Courts recent decisions, I am not without hope. Congress has the ability to pass legislative fixes to these decisions. As your member of Congress, I will continue to advocate for transparent campaign finance reforms to get dark money out of politics and to reinstate the vital protections established by the VRA.
Holocaust Memorial Day
This month we recognize a very somber day of remembrance: International Holocaust Memorial Day. The atrocities of the holocaust remain a dark stain on humanity, but on January 27th, the 70th anniversary of the liberation of the AuschwitzBirkenau concentration camps, we remember the nearly 11 million lives, including those of nearly 6 million Jews, tragically cut short during the worst genocide in human history. More than just a day for solemn remembrance, during this anniversary we also take the opportunity to rededicate ourselves to the principles of fighting injustice, preventing new genocide, and standing up for the human rights of all people.
Worldwide, Auschwitz-Birkenau has become a symbol of both horror and evil. Yet, the survivors of the Holocaust are a testament to the strength of the human spirit and the ability to persevere in times of great sorrow. Despite the great strides that have been made, anti-Semitism still thrives around the world and violence against ethnic and religious groups persists. The lessons of the Holocaust must serve as a reminder to us all to stand up against persecution of any kind.
As a representative of South Florida, an area that is home to one of the largest populations of Holocaust survivors in the world, I will continue to support efforts to protect human rights, promote equal opportunities in America and beyond, and defend human dignity across the globe. The memories of those who suffered and perished during the Holocaust must never be forgotten.
Congressman Alcee L. Hastings serves as Senior Member of the House Rules Committee, Ranking Democratic Member of the U.S. Helsinki Commission, and Co-Chairman of the Florida Delegation
###
NOTE: Please DO NOT respond to this email as this inbox is unattended. To contact my office please
click here
UNSUBSCRIBE
|
PRIVACY POLICY
|
CONTACT US
Click Here Click Here