
If you are having
trouble viewing this message or would like to share it on a social
network, you can
view the
message online .
January 05, 2015
Unsubscribe
Update My
Profile
Website
|
Biography
|
Contact Me
|
Services
|
Issues &amp; Legislation
|
Newsroom
|
28th
District
Dear
Friend,
Now that we are about to start a new session of Congress, I wanted
to share a few thoughts with you on 2014, some of our successes and
some of the new initiatives that I plan to work on this
year.
While 2014 was often characterized by excessive partisan bickering
on a range of issues, the year also brought some positive news with
jobs rebounding and the economy getting better.
And while too
many families in the middle class have yet to feel the benefits of an
improving economy and are still struggling, there has been marked
improvement. Thankfully, Congress avoided a repeat of the prior year's
government shutdown and "fiscal cliff" crisis.
It's my
hope that we can make continued progress in 2015 by working together
to solve some of our most pressing national needs -- from repairing,
replacing and modernizing our nation's crumbling infrastructure to
bringing manufacturing back to America and reforming our tax
code.
I hope you will let me know what your priorities are for the
new year. Many of my best ideas have come from you and other
constituents. Certainly, most of my most satisfying moments have come during the
interactions that I have had with you -- whether it was in a meeting
in Washington, DC, or at one of the many events that I have held or
attended in the district. I welcome hearing from you on any matters you
wish to discuss, and hope that you will stay in
touch.
Below is a recap of some of the issues I worked on in 2014, and some
fun news too!
All my best,
Adam
P.S. You
can always keep up to date with what I'm working on through
liking our page on Facebook
or
following me on
Twitter .
Securing Major Funding for West Coast Earthquake
Early Warning System
This year, Rep. Adam Schiff
and Senator Dianne Feinstein helped secure $5 million in the annual
funding bill for a West Coast Earthquake Early Warning System, the first
time Congress has ever provided funding specifically for the
system.
Developed by Caltech, UC-Berkeley and University of Washington,
in conjunction with the United States Geological Survey (USGS), a
limited system has already been deployed and has proven that the early
warning technology is sound. This $5 million in funding will allow those
developing the statewide system to begin purchasing and installing
additional sensors, build new stations, speed up the ShakeAlert system,
and come closer to deploying comprehensive early earthquake warning
coverage throughout earthquake prone regions of the West Coast.
Its absolutely critical that the West Coast
implement and build out an earthquake early warning system to give us a heads
up before the big one hits, so we can save lives and protect
infrastructure, said Schiff. This funding will help build out additional
stations, speed up the ShakeAlert system, and make it more reliable in
our highest priority areas
including Los Angeles and the Bay Area
and those critical few seconds or a minute of warning will allow people
to seek cover, automatically slow or stop trains, and pause
surgeries. This first phase of funding will allow the work to begin expanding
the system, and we will continue to work to secure future funding along
with our other federal, state and local
partners.
Watch coverage of the announcement
below:
Read more:
Los Angeles Times
California
receives U.S. funding for earthquake early-warning system
KPCC
California gets $5 million in funding for quake warning
system
Pasadena Star-News
Earthquake Early Warning System gets $5
million from federal
government
Working to Reform the NSA and Our
Nation's Surveillance
Rep. Adam Schiff continued his
push to reform our nation's surveillance capabilities, something he
began behind closed doors before the programs were made public. Schiff led
the charge in the House to reform the NSA and other programs, and
introduced a package of bills to make key changes to the Foreign
Intelligence Surveillance Court (FISC)
also known as the FISA Court
including bills to declassify significant court opinions, improve the
process for nomination and confirmation of FISA Court judges, and create an
adversarial progress in the Court. Schiff also introduced legislation
to end the bulk collection of phone metadata, which eventually was
included in the USA Freedom Act.
While the USA Freedom
Act proposed and voted on in the Senate contained many of these
reforms that Schiff championed, it unfortunately was blocked and did not
pass. Schiff will continue to use his position on the House Intelligence
Committee to push for needed reforms in the upcoming
year.
?
Read
more:
National Journal
Democrat to NSA: Forget Congress,
Stop Mass Spying Now
Los Angeles Times
Obama's NSA compromise
plan wins initial praise
The Hill
Schiff unveils NSA metadata
reform bill
The Guardian
NSA reform advocates vow
to fight on after Senate rejects USA Freedom
Act
Washington Post
NSA reform legislation blocked in Senate amid renewed
fears of terrorist
attacks
Schiff Rides in AIDS Life/Cycle from San
Francisco to Los Angeles
Rep. Adam
Schiff has the privilege of representing a large LGBT community,
including West Hollywood, and at the encouragement of his constituents
participated in the 545-mile bike ride from San Francisco to Los Angeles
to benefit the Los Angeles LGBT Center. After being invited to speak
the previous year at the closing ceremony of ALC, dedicated to the
riderless bicycle (a deeply moving and potent symbol for those that weve
lost to AIDS, who can no longer take the ride), Schiff said that if
the legislative calendar ever allowed him to participate, he
would.
Little did he know that it would happen the very next year in
2014.
Throughout the journey, Schiff live-blogged the
experience on his Facebook and Instagram accounts, describing the tents,
pitstops, riders he met along the way, and why so many were riding for
different reasons, the people they'd lost, and the experience of it
all. Afterwards Schiff summed up his ride: "At the top of one of the
last big hills of the ride, a simple sign said, 'Your pain is tribute to
their suffering.' To me, that said it all
lets put an end to HIV
and AIDS. Ride
on."
Read more:
The
Advocate Op-ed
Ride On in the Fight Against HIV and
AIDS
WehoVille
Rep. Schiff Pedaling from SF to LA with
HIV/AIDS Ride
WeHo News
Schiff first congress
member to attempt AIDS/LifeCycle Ride
Roll Call
Adam Schiff
Embraces Rigors of AIDS/LifeCycle
Ride
Pushing for Debate and Vote on War Authorization Against ISIS in Iraq and
Syria
Since the war against the terrorist
group ISIS, also known as the Islamic State, began in Iraq and Syria
this past year, Rep. Adam Schiff has been pushing for Congress to fulfill
it's constitutional obligation to debate and vote on a war
authorization.
To accomplish this, Schiff put forward what he felt was a
narrow and tailored authorization that would give the President enough
authority to target ISIS, but also preclude the use of American ground
troops and place a time limit on the war, requiring the President to
come back to Congress within 18 months for further approval and
funding.
In an op-ed in the Los Angeles Times, Schiff
wrote: "As we prepare to close the book on what is regarded as the most
unproductive Congress in the history of unproductive Congresses, the
House and Senate can take an important step in demonstrating not only a
capacity to act, but also a commitment to our constitutional
duty."
?
?
Read more:
Los Angeles Times Op-ed
Congress must exercise its war powers
New York Times
Editorial
Congress Must Act on War Authority
BuzzFeed
Democratic Congressman Will Introduce Bill Authorizing Use Of Force
Against ISIS
TIME Magazine Op-ed
Congress Must Vote
on War
Slate
The Forever
War
Armenian
Orphan Rug Displayed at the White House Visitors
Center
This past month, the Armenian Orphan Rug
also
known as the Ghazir Rug
a work of art that was woven by orphan
survivors of the Armenian Genocide and gifted to U.S. President Calvin
Coolidge in 1925 in appreciation for U.S. humanitarian assistance following
Turkey's mass murder of over 1.5 million Armenians and other
Christians during World War I, was displayed at the White House Visitors
Center.
For the past year, Rep. Schiff has been working with members
of the Armenian American community, as well as several of his
colleagues, to convince the White House to reverse a 2013 decision to not allow
the rug to be displayed. Display of the Armenian Orphan Rug is
especially sensitive to the Turkish government, which objects to any
official U.S. commemoration of the Armenian Genocide. Ankara has been able to
block its exhibition for decades.
At the White
House Visitors Center, Schiff met with many descendants of those lost
in the Genocide, and said: I want to thank the Administration for
working with me and with the community on this issue.
It has been a
long road from last years no to this years yes.
The Ghazir
Rug is not just a carpet; it is a tangible connection to the first
genocide of the Twentieth Century
a silent, beautiful rebuttal to
those who deny the murder of 1.5 million men, woman and children in a
campaign of mass murder, forced marches, rape and looting that befell the
Armenian people from 1915-23.
As the world prepares to
commemorate the centennial of the genocide, the Ghazir Rug is a poignant
reminder of the shattered families and the mass inhumanity that was visited
upon the Armenian people. I hope that it can serve to educate a new
generation of Americans about one of the great tragedies of history and
leads to a redoubling of efforts in 2015 to finally and forever, honor
the genocide of the Armenians without equivocation. The Armenian
people should not have to wait any
longer.
Read more:
Los
Angeles Daily News
Armenian orphan rug gets brief display at White
House Visitors Center Los Angeles Times
Historic rug woven by Armenian
orphans goes on display at White House
McClatchy
Armenian
Orphan Rug, symbol of tragic past, is briefly on
view
2014 EVENTS AND
FORUMS
Every
year, Rep. Adam Schiff hosts a number of events to engage constituents,
solicit feedback and provide information that is useful.
Astronaut Visits to Local Schools
?
Each year,
Rep. Adam Schiff brings astronauts to local elementary schools as a way
to encourage young students to study and pursue science and math
educations.
This year, Schiff brought Los Angeles-native Dr. Tracy
Caldwell Dyson, visiting La Crescenta Elementary School in La Crescenta
and Logan Street Elementary School in Echo Park. Dr. Dyson was born in
Arcadia, Calif. and received her B.S. in chemistry from the
California State University at Fullerton and Ph.D. in chemistry from the
University of California at Davis before venturing into space multiple
times.
As Members of Congress, we must
do our part to advance scientific knowledge and exploration as core
values of our society," said Schiff. "One important way we can engender
a sense of excitement about math and science is by bringing Americas
astronauts into the classroom. I hope that the students we visited
will seriously consider careers in math and science, especially at
NASA-affiliated institutions like JPL and Caltech, right in our
backyard.
Watch coverage of one of the
visits here.
Forum on Identity
Theft
This August, Rep. Adam Schiff and his staff hosted
an Identity Theft Forum to help constituents learn more about identity
theft and ways to protect themselves from data breaches, scams
involving persons posing as federal agencies, and even pick-pocketing or
dumpster-diving, there are more threats facing our personal information
than ever
before.
Schiff
brought representatives from the Internal Revenue Service (IRS), Post
Office (USPS), FBI, Federal Trade Commission (FTC) and Social Security
Administration to take questions and help constituents learn how to avoid
being the target or victim of identity theft, saying that "only by
being vigilant, alerting authorities quickly, and learning the tools to
protect against identity theft, can we combat this very widespread and
destructive crime."
Women of the Year Awards
?
Each year, Rep. Adam Schiff honors inspiring
women from communities in the 28th Congressional District
Hollywood,
West Hollywood, Burbank, Pasadena, Silver Lake, Echo Park, Elysian
Valley, Los Feliz, SunlandTujunga, Glendale, Atwater Village, La Caada
Flintridge and La Crescenta
at a luncheon, this year in Hollywood.
This recognition is made each year during Womens History Month. These
women come from all walks of life and represent the thousands of
women who make a positive impact in our region. While there are no
specific criteria for nomination, Rep. Schiff looks for women who
through
their work or volunteerism
have improved the quality of life for our
community.
Below is a full list of all
the honorees this year: Alexandra Helfrich (Burbank), Alice Steere
Coulombe (Pasadena), Barbara Ferris (Los Feliz), Blaire Lennane
(Elysian Valley), Cheryl Davis (La Crescenta), Christy Schilling (Glendale),
Drian Juarez (Hollywood), Martha Burns (La Caada Flintridge), Nadine
Trujillo (Silver Lake), Elizabeth Garo (Echo Park), Ruth Williams
(West Hollywood), Shelli-Anne Couch (Atwater Village), and Sonia Tatulian
(Tujunga).
It was an honor and a pleasure to meet
with the 2014 Women of the Year awardees, and to recognize their
outstanding work and community leadership, said Rep. Schiff. Each woman
honored today has demonstrated an ability to help others, to work
tirelessly for a cause important to us all, and to make our communities a
better place. They serve as a shining example of service throughout
the 28th Congressional District, and it was wonderful to recognize their
extraordinary work and capabilities.
Congressional Art and STEM Competitions
Each year, Rep. Adam Schiff and all
Members of Congress host competitions to engage high school students.
The Congressional Art Competition this year was hosted at Van De Kamp
Hall in Descanso Gardens.
During the exhibit, attended by more
than 200 students, teachers and parents, Schiff announced that
Immaculate Heart High School student Celynne Hebrons piece This Too Shall
Pass had won first place and will be included in the nationwide
Congressional Arts Competition: An Artistic Discovery in Washington,
D.C.
Additionally, Schiff announced that Grace Poole, a student from La
Crescenta attending Crescenta Valley High School, and Madisen Hunt, a
student from Glendale attending Crescenta Valley High School, had won
second and third place, respectively. Schiff also awarded the
Peoples Choice award to Gigi Manukyan, a student from Burbank attending
Burbank High School.
Almost 2,000 constituents voted in the
Peoples Choice online voting contest this
year.
Every year, I get the opportunity to see some absolutely
amazing artwork submitted by high school students from across our
community, said Schiff.
All of the students involved deserve
recognition for their hard work and exceptional talent, and I hope that they
will all continue to enrich us with their artwork.
I
particularly want to congratulate Celynne, Grace, Madisen and Gigi on being named
the winners, and look forward to enjoying their artwork in the
Capitol and my offices throughout the coming
year.
?
The Congressional STEM Competition, in its
first year, will challenge high school students in a STEM-related
activity -- this year it was building an "app" for a tablet or phone.
The award ceremony was attended by more than eighty students, parents
and teachers at the Jet Propulsion Laboratory (JPL) in Pasadena. 1st
place went to a team from Hollywood High School for their app #MYOOTD,
allowing users to generate, save and try out new outfits on their
phones before buying or wearing them. A student from Crescenta Valley High
School won 2nd place for his app "Mission Multiplication," combining
learning multiplication tables with a space adventure
encouraging
young students to learn their multiplication tables by traversing an
asteroid field in a ship, shooting asteroids out of the way, and guiding
the spaceship through the correct answer. Students from Clark Magnet
High School, Hollywood High School, Crescenta Valley High School, John
Marshall High School, La Caada High, and University High School
participated in the first annual contest.
This challenge was an extraordinary opportunity for
students to put their technical skills to the test and try something
different, said Schiff. In the next decade, the U.S. economy is expected
to add over 8 million new STEM jobs, but faces a shortage of graduates
trained in those fields. If this contest is any example, well have
some amazing talent coming out of our community who can come up with new
and innovative ideas that will help shape our economy. If these
talented students keep it up, I wouldn't be surprised to find the next
Steve Jobs among
them.
2014
BY THE
NUMBERS!
9:
Number of Bills Introduced in
2014
Highlights:
This year, Rep. Adam Schiff introduced nine total
bills, while co-sponsoring over forty other pieces of
legislation.
FISA Court and NSA
Reform:
One bill would end the bulk collection of metadata by the
government, another introduced by Schiff would require the Attorney
General to declassify significant court opinions where the Court has
interpreted the legal authorities created under Section 215 of the PATRIOT
Act and Section 702 of the FISA Amendments Act. His third bill would
require that the judges on the Court be nominated by the President and
confirmed by the Senate. Finally, Schiff introduced legislation to
introduce adversarial process to the FISA Court by creating a pool of
attorneys and technologists to argue on behalf of privacy and civil
liberties in certain cases the court
hears.
War Authorization Against ISIS:
As
part of his push to get Congress to debate and vote on an
authorization for war against ISIS, Schiff introduced a narrow and tailored
authorization for use of military force against ISIL, meeting Congress'
constitutional imperative in declaring war. First, the authorization
would give temporary, tailored authority for the combat ongoing against
ISIL in Iraq, and for strikes against ISIL targets in Syria.
And
second, the measure would harmonize the legal authorities under which
the President is authorized to take offensive action by sunsetting the
2002 Iraq AUMF immediately and then sunsetting both the new
authorities and the 2001 AUMF eighteen months after the enactment of the joint
resolution.
Third, the resolution does not authorize the use of
ground combat forces in Iraq or
Syria.
Improving Veterans
Healthcare:
Schiff introduced the Improving Clinical Care for Our Vets Act, which
would improve the delivery of veteran health care by ensuring full
collective bargaining rights to all VA frontline clinicians. Enacting these
important workplace rights is essential to the VA's ability to remain
a competitive health care employer that can retain and attract the
best clinicians to care for our returning service
members.
Drones
Transparency:
Schiff introduced bipartisan legislation
the Targeted
Lethal Force Transparency Act
to
require an annual report on the
number of combatants and civilians killed or injured annually by
strikes from remotely piloted aircraft, also known as drones. The
requirement is retroactive for five years so that trends can be assessed. It
also requires that the report include the definitions of combatants and
civilian noncombatants
used.
Protections for Children through Background
Checks:
Schiff introduced bipartisan legislation to establish a
permanent, nationally-accessible background check system for
youth-serving organizations. The bill, the Child Protection Improvements Act,
would make background checks for volunteers working with children
reliable, affordable, and
comprehensive.
1,110:
Number of Constituents Helped by December 30,
2014 by the office of Congressman
Schiff.
Highlights:
Every year, Congressman Schiff's dedicated staff members
work tirelessly to help constituents access the federal benefits they
deserve and ensure that they are treated fairly.
While not
successful in every case, Schiff's office helps constituents navigate the
complicated immigration and visas system, get back benefits for
veterans or medals they have earned while serving, help with the IRS or
Social Security, and many, many more.
For help, please call his
district office in Burbank at
(818)
450-2900 .
Contact Information
Washington, DC
2411 Rayburn House Office
Building
Washington D.C. 20515
Phone: (202)
225-4176
Facsimile: (202) 225-5828
Burbank
Office
245 E. Olive Ave., #200
Burbank,
California 91502
Phone: (818) 450-2900
Phone: (323)
315-5555
Facsimile: (818) 450-2928
Update My
Profile
-
Unsubscribe
-
Privacy Policy
