
Tonight will be important. When President Obama addresses Congress and the nation in his 6th State of the Union address, he&rsquo;ll be talking about how he&rsquo;s going to use his remaining two years
Friend -- Tonight will be important. When President Obama addresses Congress and the nation in his 6th State of the Union address, he&rsquo;ll be talking about how he&rsquo;s going to use his remaining two years in office to push for bold progressive action. The message?
His work isn&rsquo;t done yet.
Add your name: Say you&rsquo;ll stand with the President in his last two years. Sign before his speech starts at 9 pm ET.
President Obama will talk about what we&rsquo;ve achieved together -- and what remains to be done:
The economy.
The private sector has been adding jobs for 57 straight months. Now Congress must work to reduce inequality by passing policies like a minimum wage raise and paid sick days for all.
Health care.
Obamacare is working. The uninsured rate is the lowest since 2008. But Republicans must stop trying to undermine the program and let it do its job!
Social Security:
It&rsquo;s a lifeline for millions of retired and disabled Americans -- and we must work to keep it safe for future generations.
The President will also be speaking about some other exciting initiatives, like expanding access to community college and calling on businesses to help employees manage their work, family, and health obligations.
In short, he&rsquo;s going to show that he stands with the American people. Will you say you stand with him? Sign on by 9 pm ET.
Thanks,
DSCC Rapid Response
Democratic Senatorial Campaign Committee
P.O. Box 96047
Washington, DC 20090
Paid for by the Democratic Senatorial Campaign Committee, dscc.org,
and not authorized by any candidate or candidate&#39;s committee.
The DSCC is the only organization solely dedicated to supporting Democrats in the U.S. Senate. This message was sent to dj724530@gmail.com because you are a part of the DSCC&rsquo;s grassroots network. Please add us to your address book or approved senders list to make sure you keep receiving DSCC updates.
Emails are a critical way for us to stay in touch with our grassroots supporters. 99% of the DSCC&rsquo;s contributions come from grassroots donors giving less than $200. We also strive to keep you updated on issues related to the Democratic Party&rsquo;s values.
If you&rsquo;d like to stop receiving emails related to this campaign, please
click here .
If you&#39;d like to make a contribution to support us, please
click here . We are already beginning to prepare for the fight ahead &ndash; reclaiming the majority in 2016. It will take every single grassroots supporter, but we know it&rsquo;s possible with your help. If you&rsquo;d like to stop receiving all emails from the DSCC, please
unsubscribe . We greatly appreciate your continued support.
Contributions or gifts to the DSCC are not tax deductible.
