
If you are having trouble viewing
this message or would like to share it on a social network, you can
view the message
online .
Home
|
About
|
How Can I Help?
|
Media
|
Issues
|
The 6th
District
Jobs, Obamacare, and North
American Energy Independence
Dear
Friends:
This
week, the 114 th
session of Congress was sworn in and we
immediately went to work with a focus on ways to create more jobs,
reduce the burden of Obamacare, and move towards North American energy
independence.
The
first bill up was the
Hire More Heroes Act , a bill I
was pleased to co-sponsor.
This bill will help our veterans
find work and reduce the harmful effects of the Obamacare employer
mandate on them. As someone who struggled to find work after returning from
active duty in the Marines in the 1980s, I know firsthand the
challenges veterans face when they arrive home.
We, as a nation, need to
do what we can to help our heroes as they return to civilian
life.
The employer
mandate, starting in 2015, requires companies with over 50 full-time
employees provide health insurance or pay a fine. The
Hire More
Heroes Act
allows veterans whose health insurance is already
provided under TRICARE or the VA to not count towards the 50 employee
threshold. This will give employers an incentive to hire more
veterans.
The employer
mandate, one of the more damaging aspects of Obamacare, was delayed
past the last election and only took effect in January of this year. If
policies have to be delayed past elections, it is generally a sign
they are bad policies. The employer mandate is a perfect example of
that, but by passing this bill we can at least limit its impact on
veterans.
In
addition to the
Hire More Heroes Act , I also voted for the
Save American Workers Act
this week. This bill will
repeal the 30-hour week as the full time definition under Obamacare and
replace it with a 40-hour work week definition. Research has shown
that the 30-hour definition could harm up to 2.6 million Americans by
causing employers to cut their hours to less than 30 per week to avoid
paying the employer mandate fine.
Unfortunately, the reality is that there are not
enough votes to override a presidential veto to repeal Obamacare and
replace it with a patient-centric system that expands access and brings
down costs. In the meantime, I will continue working to find ways, such
as the
Hire More Heroes Act
and the
Save
American Workers Act , to lessen the harmful impacts of
Obamacare.
Finally, we
ended the first week of the 114 th
Congress
voting again to approve the Keystone XL Pipeline. All five of my overseas tours
in the military were, in one way or another, related to energy
security. We need to responsibly and thoughtfully move toward North American
energy independence so we never again send the men and women of our
armed services overseas in search of energy security. The Keystone XL
Pipeline puts us on a path towards that
goal.
There is much work to be done by this
Congress and the bills the House passed this week are a good start.
With a Republican-controlled Senate, I feel confident we will accomplish
a great deal more before the 114 th
Congress is
done.
Sincerely,
Mike
Coffman
U.S. Representative
If you would like to sign up to receive
regular email updates from Mike, please visit
this
link
$ 18,105,630,398,744
Share on Facebook
Share on
LinkedIn
Share on
Twitter
Getting our veterans hospital
built
By U.S. Rep. Mike
Coffman
Aurora
Sentinel
Published January 7,
2014
On the southeast corner of the Anschutz Medical Research
Center in Aurora is a half-finished Veterans hospital that, when
completed, will be a state-of-the-art medical center designed to meet the needs
of the men and women who have served our nation in
uniform.
Unfortunately, the construction of the Aurora VA hospital is
hundreds of millions over budget and is already years behind schedule due
to the extraordinary incompetence of the VA. The general contractor,
Kiewit-Turner Construction (KT), sued the VA for its mismanagement of
the design process, which led to a $1 billion design on a $600 million
budget.
Early last month, the Civilian Board of Contract
Appeals agreed with KT and ruled that it had the right to stop work on
the project and for a brief period of time all construction activity
stopped, leaving 1,400 workers without jobs right before Christmas.
Fortunately, the VA and KT were able to reach an interim agreement that
put those workers back on the job and the hospital back on track
for
now.
Under the interim agreement the VA paid KT $157
million for work already completed; brought in the U.S. Army Corps of
Engineers in to take over management of the project; and provided
approximately $70 million to keep the project going while a new contract with
the Army Corps of Engineers can be negotiated.
The Army
Corps of Engineers has built similar construction projects for the
Department of Defense consistently on time and within budget while every
major construction project managed by the VA has been hundreds of
millions of dollars over budget and years behind schedule.
My goal is
to completely strip the VA of its authority to manage its own
construction projects and permanently transfer that authority to the Army
Corps of Engineers.
The next major complication is that
after paying KT the money it is already owed and funding the interim
contract, we still have to figure out how to come up with enough money to
complete the hospital. The hospitals total cost, under current law, is
capped at no more than $880 million while the final price tag will
probably exceed a billion dollars. To start addressing this problem, as
soon as the 114th Congress convenes, I plan to submit legislation that
will raise the spending cap for the hospital to $1 billion and put
into law the permanent transfer of authority to manage the VAs
construction projects to the U.S. Army Corps of Engineers. Given the VAs past
mismanagement, it cannot be trusted to manage its own construction
projects.
The challenge then is where to find the money to
cover the shortfall. One possibility is for the VA to search through
its own budget for unexpended appropriations in what is known as
reprogramming within its Major Construction Account. This would cause a
slowdown on the start dates for other VA major construction projects
that havent broken ground yet.
The other possibility,
unfortunately, is getting more money approved by Congress, and that may
not be possible until much later this year. The issue will be in
getting the additional funding approved before the money runs out and the
construction is forced to shut down until the money can be found to
resume construction.
My fear is that mothballing an unfinished
hospital will cause the cost to go up even more than it already
has.
My case to Congress is that we cant erase the costly mistakes
that the VA has already made but the leadership of the Army Corps will
do everything that is reasonably possible to bring down the cost and
speed up the construction of the hospital.
The VAs
incompetence has done serious damage to this hospital project. It has
harmed our veterans, who have been waiting over a decade for this
state-of-the-art facility and, it has harmed the taxpayers of this nation who
must now come up with the hundreds of millions of dollars to cover the
cost overruns and to fix the VAs costly mistakes.
We
cannot abandon this hospital. We owe it to our veterans, the taxpayers,
and to the 1,400 construction workers to keep this project going and to
ultimately get it done.
U.S. Rep. Mike Coffman is
chairman of the Oversight and Investigations Subcommittee for House
Veterans Affairs and is a U.S. Marine Corps combat
veteran.
The Next Constituent One-on-One
Meeting
U.S. Rep. Mike Coffman will meet one-on-one with
constituents at the Martin Luther KIng Library, 9898 East Colfax
Avenue,
Aurora, CO
80010 on Saturday, January 24th, from 10:30AM to
12:00 Noon.
Constituents are invited to come to the
library to meet with Rep. Coffman and discuss issues that are important to
them.
This event is
open only to residents of the 6th Congressional District.
_ _
_ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _
One VA construction boondoggle
after another
By: The Editorial Board
Las Vegas
Review-Journal
Published January 5, 2015
The Department of
Veterans Affairs has become a symbol of federal incompetence. In addition
to neglecting our veterans through unacceptable delays in processing
disability and compensation claims, the VA has routinely harmed them
by making them wait months for appointments for routine care and
covering up excessive wait times.
And if all of that wasnt
bad enough, the VA has proved itself useless when it comes to building
hospitals, as well. According to members of the House Committee on
Veterans Affairs Subcommittee on Oversight and Investigations, major VA
medical facility construction projects typically run an average of 35
months late and $360 million over budget
each! The delays and
overspending have led to a congressional battle regarding mismanagement of
VA construction projects across the country.
This isnt
news to Southern Nevadans. A sparkling new VA hospital opened in North
Las Vegas in August 2012 at a cost of about $1 billion to taxpayers
despite the fact that it had no land costs because it was built on
federal acreage. It took six years to finish, with construction costs
soaring far, far beyond a $286 million initial estimate. Yet during the
previous decade, four new private-sector hospitals opened in the
valley at a total cost
including paying for land
of $468 million. Those
four hospitals added more than 600 beds, three times the number of
beds at the new VA hospital
at less than half the
cost.
The VA center took so long to build the emergency room was outdated
the day it opened; the North Las Vegas ER had to be expanded at
additional cost.
That boondoggle pales in comparison, however,
to overspending and delays involving a VA hospital project in Aurora,
Colo. The original, 2005 design estimate for the Aurora VA facility
was $328 million. By 2008, changes in design led Congress to raise that
number to $568 million. In 2010, lawmakers increased the budget
again, to $800 million. Today, virtually all of that money has been spent
on the project, and it remains only half-finished, which has infuriated
area veterans.
With building costs soaring and the VA
falling behind on its payments to the general contractor,
Kiewit-Turner, the company sued. The U.S. Civilian Board of Contract Appeals
agreed with the contractors assessment that the project could no longer be
completed for less than $1 billion, and it allowed the company out of
its contract. Kiewit-Turner packed up and left, leaving 1,400 workers
out of a job, resulting in VA Deputy Secretary Sloan Gibson going to
Colorado to apologize and negotiate the workers
return.
Colorado
Rep. Mike Coffman , an Army and Marine
Corps combat veteran who represents the district where the Aurora facility
is (slowly) being built, says he plans to introduce legislation that
would strip the VA of its authority to manage construction projects
and give that authority to the Army Corps of Engineers
instead.
That would be a reasonable first step. But the VA shouldnt be
building hospitals in the first place. It shouldnt be supervising our
veterans health care, either. When is enough enough? The VA needs to
be privatized
yesterday. Our veterans deserve
better.
Washington
Office
2443 Rayburn HOB
Washington, D.C. 20515
Phone: (202) 225-7882
Fax: (202) 226-4623
District
Office
Cherry Creek Place IV
3300 S. Parker Road, Suite #305
Aurora, CO 80014
Phone: (720) 748-7514
Fax:
(720) 748-7680
Unsubscribe
|
Update
My Profile
|
Privacy Policy
gateway mail end
