
Thank You for the Honor of Serving
CLICK HERE TO WATCH SENATOR HAGAN'S HOLIDAY MESSAGE TO NORTH CAROLINA
Dear Friend,
With the year coming to a close, I'd like to wish everyone in North Carolina a joyful holiday season and a happy New Year.
For me, there is no better gift than the opportunity to be surrounded by my loved ones during these winter holidays. And as many of you know, the past six years have been full of exciting milestones and new additions for the Hagan family. Since my term in the Senate began, my two daughters have both gotten married and had babies of their own - I now have a one-year-old grandson, Harrison, and a two-week-old granddaughter, Christine. Like any proud grandmother, I love showing them off, and I want to share a couple recent photos of Harrison and Christine with you.
My family is so thankful for the blessings that we have experienced over the last six years. And while many of them have been personal,
I want to especially thank you, the people of North Carolina , for what has been one of the greatest privileges of my life: the opportunity to serve you in the United States Senate.
You sent me to Washington six years ago to fight for the priorities that make our state great, and I've put North Carolina first every single day. I am forever humbled and grateful for the opportunity to serve, and I am extremely proud of what we've been able to accomplish.
I'm proud that working together, Senator Burr and I were finally able to get servicemembers and their families affected by water contamination at Camp Lejeune the answers and the health care they deserve.
I'm proud of our work to support our teachers and students.
And I'm proud of the work we've done to promote job growth and boost North Carolina's economy.
I'm extremely proud of my staff, and I believe the work we've done has helped set our state on a path to a brighter future. But if we are going to continue to make progress on the issues that matter - strengthening our education system, growing our economy and supporting our servicemembers and veterans - then all of our representatives, Democrats and Republicans, must work together.
One of my guiding philosophies is "To whom much is given, much is expected." Six years ago, you gave me the opportunity to be your voice in the Senate, and I've put North Carolina first every day. I urge my colleagues to do the same - to break through the political gridlock, to see past the "D" or the "R" behind someone's name, and to work together in a bipartisan manner, as I have, to move our state and our country forward.
Indeed, working together is the only way we can ensure that North Carolina remains the place "where the weak grow strong and the strong grow great."
It has been an honor to serve you, the people of North Carolina, and I extend my warmest wishes of the holiday season to you and your families.
Sincerely,
To unsubscribe from Kay's Newsletter, please visit the
unsubscribe page .
