
Miller Newsletter
January 11, 2015
Washington Update
114th Congress Commences
I was humbled and honored to be sworn in as a Member of the 114th Congress last week.
Serving the people of Floridas First Congressional District is a great privilege and responsibility, and it is one that I do not take lightly.
I also believe that all Members have a solemn duty to uphold our Constitution and the founding principles upon which this great Nation was founded, and that is why I was pleased that one of the first acts taken by the 114th Congress was to carry out a reading of the Constitution on the House Floor.
The 114th Congress also convenes at a crucial time in our Nations history.
It is imperative that Congress immediately get to work to pass conservative solutions to the challenges that our country is facing.
In the House, we started our work this week by passing a series of important pro-growth bills that would make it easier to hire veterans, protect American businesses and workers from Obamacare, and help promote energy independence.
I was glad to support each of these measures.
For the first time in 8 years, both the House and Senate are unified under Republican leadership.
I look forward to working with my colleagues throughout the course of the 114th Congress to advance a robust legislative agenda based on conservative values.
There are a number of important items on the agenda for the next two years.
Top of the list for the many hard-working American families that are struggling in a stagnant economy is pro-growth jobs legislation.
The Republican 114th Congress will pick up where the House left off by promoting economic growth through a wide range of jobs bills aimed at reducing red-tape, making it easier for businesses to grow and hire new employees, getting government out of the way to let American ingenuity create economic prosperity, reforming our tax code to make it fairer and simpler, and unleashing our Nations abundant energy resources to lower costs for American families and businesses.
It is also vital to hold Washington accountablewhether at the VA, IRS, EPA, or any other federal agencyto ensure that the federal government remembers who it works for: the American people.
As Chairman of the House Committee on Veterans Affairs, I will continue to work with colleagues in Congress and all veterans stakeholders to ensure that VA lives up to its mission.
We also must ensure that federal agencies are transparent, responsible, and, perhaps most importantly, that these executive agencies do not overstep their constitutionally limited authorities.
In the 114th Congress, Republicans will continue to work to rein in the size and scope of the federal government, reduce spending to work towards a balanced budget, and to push back on the Obama Administrations executive overreach.
We also have vital problems to solve, like the failure to secure our borders and enforce our current immigration laws.
We are a Nation of laws, and any individual who wants to come to this country must respect the rule of law.
In light of the Presidents recent actions, it is even more vital to put in place the necessary mechanisms to curb illegal immigration, and I am committed to working with my colleagues to secure our borders and oppose amnesty.
It is also imperative that Congress take action to protect the American people from the negative impact of Obamacare.
Americans have already seen rising premiums and costs, limited choice, and increased interference from federal bureaucrats.
It is time to repeal Obamacare and replace it with patient-centered reforms that utilize the free market to bring down costs and increase choice.
Finally, Congress must never forget that one of governments clearest constitutional directives is to provide for the common defense.
On all fronts, we must support the brave men and women who put their lives on the line to secure our liberty.
I will continue to work with my colleagues as we craft the annual National Defense Authorization Act, as well as other important measures aimed at ensuring that Americas Armed Forces remain the strongest fighting force the world has ever seen.
In the month ahead, we will continue our work with several crucial bills, including: an appropriations bill for the Department of Homeland Security, where we will have the opportunity to address the Presidents troubling executive amnesty; measures intended to bring increased accountability to the federal regulatory process; several important energy bills aimed speed up the federal permitting process for pipeline construction and making it easier to export liquefied natural gas; and legislation to combat human trafficking.
These bills will build on the legislation already passed by the House last week, including three important measures below that I supported.
Hire More Heroes Act
Our Nation makes a sacred promise to support our veterans when they return from duty.
Far too often these returning heroes have trouble finding employment when they return, despite their considerable talents and proven ability to perform under the most high pressure circumstances imaginable.
The unacceptably high veterans unemployment rate makes the already challenging transition to civilian life that much more difficult for these brave men and women, and that is why I believe we should be doing everything we can to make it easier for unemployed veterans to find jobs.
There are many areas where we can work to reduce veterans unemployment, and I was pleased that the House took action last week by passing a commonsense bill that would help incentivize businesses to hire veterans.
H.R.22, the
Hire More Heroes Act , would allow for small businesses to exclude employed veterans receiving health care under either TRICARE or the VA from the calculations used to determine whether the employer is subject to the employer mandate.
Small businesses have ample reasons to hire veterans, and I was glad to support the
Hire More Heroes Act
to ensure that onerous Obamacare regulations are not jeopardizing their ability to hire hard-working veterans.
Save American Workers Act of 2015
It is no secret that Obamacare is a massively misguided overhaul of our Nations health care system that is already causing significant harm to millions of Americans.
Unfortunately, Obamacares negative impact stretches far beyond the realm of health care thanks to a provision buried in the law that revises the federal definition of full-time employment from the traditional 40-hour work week to 30 hours.
This definition of full-time employment is crucial because it is used to calculate whether or not companies provide health care to their workers.
Thanks to Obamacares redefinition of the work week, more than 2 million Americansthe vast majority of whom are low-wage employees already struggling to stretch their paychecksare at risk of losing their jobs or having their hours cut, while businesses will have to figure out whether they have to cut back on hiring, reduce hours, or let go of some of their employees.
The 40-hour work week has been the standard for full time employment since the
Fair Labor Standards Act of 1938 , and there is no reason to change this standard, much less to institute such a wide sweeping change to employment law in a health care bill.
So, to help protect Americans workers from the threat of losing their job or losing hours at their work, the House passed H.R. 30, the
Save American Workers Act of 2015 .
This commonsense bill would reinstate the 40 hour work week, thereby making life easier, not harder, for workers and businesses alike.
I supported this bill, which passed the House by a vote of 252-172.
Keystone XL Pipeline Act
It has now been more than 2,300 days since the original application for the Keystone XL pipeline was submitted for approval to the State Department; howeverdespite exhaustive reviews at the federal, state, and local level and numerous attempts by Congress to approve and begin constructionthe project remains bogged down in unnecessary bureaucracy.
This ridiculous bureaucratic holdup is, unfortunately, emblematic of the Obama Administrations failed energy policies and refusal to back important projects that would help boost our economy now and in the future.
More than three years ago, in December of 2011, the House and Senate passed a bill, which the President himself signed into law, requiring approval of Keystone XL within 60 days, unless the President determined that Keystone XL was not in the national interest.
Given the fact that Keystone XL will transport approximately 830,000 barrels of oil per day into this country from Canada, bring an estimated $7 billion in direct investment, and create 42,000 direct and indirect jobs, there is no question that this project is in the national interest.
Add to this the fact that Keystone XL will integrate the most advanced pipeline safety technology availableleading the most recent State Department Environmental Impact Statement to conclude that there are greater safety and environmental risks from not building the pipeline, as the oil would still be transported by other means, like rail and truckand failure to approve this pipeline can be seen as nothing more than kowtowing to radical environmental interests.
Last week, the House voted, once again, to approve the Keystone XL pipeline so that construction can begin as soon as possible.
The Senate has also committed to taking up this legislation, meaning that an unequivocal approval of Keystone XL will be on the Presidents desk shortly.
The American people expect solutions, and I am confident that the 114th Congress will advance the serious conservative agenda that our country needs. Looking back at the last time that we had a unified Republican Congress and a Democrat President, several important pieces of legislation were enacted, including comprehensive welfare reform and a balanced budget. Unfortunately, the President issued veto threats for both the
Keystone XL Pipeline Act , as well as the
Save American Workers Act , sending a message to the American people early on in this new Congress that he is not willing to join Republicans in Congress to put the needs of the American people ahead of politics. I sincerely hope that the President changes his stance and signs these, and other important bills, when they are sent to his desk.
Veterans Corner
Four Corners Meeting with VA Leadership
With the new year in full swing and the 114th Congress now in session, it is imperative that House and Senate Committee leadership continue working with VA leadership to reform the culture of the department.
To that end, I, along Ranking Member of the House Veterans' Affairs Committee Corrine Brown, Chairman of the Senate Veterans Affairs Committee (SVAC) Senator Johnny Isakson, and SVAC Ranking Member Richard Blumenthal, met with VA Secretary Bob McDonald and Deputy Secretary Sloan Gibson last Tuesday. It was a productive meeting that provided a great opportunity for us to ensure the department is correctly implementing recent VA reform legislation aimed at increasing accountability and transparency while providing more health care choices to our Nations veterans.
Meeting with Leadership of the Veterans of Foreign Wars
Veterans service organizations are an instrumental ally to our Nations veterans, providing guidance to and a voice for those who have left so much on the battlefield. Tracing its roots back to 1899, Veterans of Foreign Wars (VFW) assists veterans seeking compensation, educational and health care benefits. Last week, I visited with VFW Executive Director Bob Wallace and Legislative Director Ray Kelley to discuss the organizations priorities for 2015, including implementation of
T he Veterans Access, Choice and Accountability Act of 2014 , ongoing VA construction issues as well as the departments disability compensation claims backlog, among many other pressing matters. I thank Bob and Ray for their continued service to our Nations veterans and for taking the time to sit down with me.
Congressman Miller meeting with VFW Executive Director Bob Wallace and Legislative Director Ray Kelley
Meeting with Leadership of the National Veterans Legal Services Program
Last week, I also met with senior members representing the National Veterans Legal Services Program (NVLSP). We discussed the Veterans Benefits Administrations claims and appeals process as well as NVLSPs ongoing continued push for VA reform. We also talked about NVLSPs volunteer program, which has recruited dozens of private law firms across the country to represent our veterans at no cost. I appreciate the work that the NVLSP does to help ensure we are taking care of Americas warriors.
Congressman Miller meeting with Bart Stichman and Ron Abrams, Joint Executive Directors, of the National Veterans Legal Services Program
Miller Media Clips
To read some recent press clips highlighting my work on behalf of Florida's First Congressional District and our Nations veterans and servicemembers, click on the links below:
Lawmakers' priority: Fortify promises to vets
Obama Leaves Phoenix Without Visiting Scandal Plagued Facility
House moves on bill to protect workers on health care law
Walz reintroduces suicide prevention bill in Washington
Pasco arrest becomes part of Congressional inquiry
Congressional leaders charge potentially deceptive sales tactics by SolarCity, others
VA chairman: House could take up veterans suicide bill in February
House committee demands records of VA whistleblower
Political clout missing as Floridas population rank rises
Will Veteran Homelessness End in 2015?
Bernardo de Glvez y Madrids Very Good Year
As always, I welcome your comments. To share your thoughts on legislation, votes or issues, please visit http://jeffmiller.house.gov/ to send an e-mail or call any of my offices.
Thanks,
Jeff
Click Here
to view this email in your browser
Click Here
to be removed from this list