
If you are having trouble viewing this
message or would like to share it on a social network, you can
view the message online .
December 18, 2014
Unsubscribe
Update My Profile
Website
|
About Doug
|
District Map
|
Constituent
Services
|
Issues &amp; Legislation
|
News
|
Contact |
Dear Friend,
Last
week, I cast my vote against the so-called Cromnibus package
because it funded lawless executive amnesty for millions of illegal
immigrants, and that is something I cannot support. I also introduced an
amendment to the legislation that would have prohibited federal funds
from being used to carry out amnesty. Unfortunately, the leadership
rejected this common sense
approach.
As with any large, omnibus legislation, there are good
aspects to this bill. However, I must hold fast to my Constitutional oath
and do everything in my power to stop and defund President Obamas
executive amnesty. This is a consistent vote as I have been on record
supporting any practical legal steps to prevent this unlawful use of
executive power.
I was
also able to pass two pieces of legislation through both Houses and to
the President's desk, an achievement I will discuss in more detail
below. Additionally, I will share information on bipartisan legislation I
introduced designed to assist the Colorado Springs Airport, and other
smaller, regional facilities across the
nation.
As the 113th Congress draws to a
close, I want to wish each of your a Merry Christmas and Happy Holidays. I
hope that you enjoy a peaceful and restful time with family and loved
ones.
Please let me know if you require any assistance with
a federal government agency by contacting my local office at (719)
520-0055.
Sincerely,
HONORING AND FIGHTING FOR OUR
VETERANS
The Senate
passed my legislation naming the new Colorado Springs VA Clinic after PFC
Floyd K. Lindstrom. PFC Lindstrom was a Colorado Springs native who
gave his life serving the country in World War II and is a Medal of
Honor
recipient.
Ensuring that our veterans have access to
convenient, comprehensive healthcare has always been a priority of mine.
It was an honor to partner with so many Southern Colorado veterans to
help bring a fantastic new Colorado Springs Community Based Outpatient
Clinic for our veterans. Today, the facility is complete. The Senate,
thanks to the efforts of my colleague Senator Udall, has passed my
bill designating the new clinic as the PFC Floyd K. Lindstrom
Department of Veterans Affairs Clinic.
PFC Lindstrom was posthumously
awarded the Medal of Honor for his heroic actions during WWII and is one
of the Fifth Congressional Districts
and the nations
greatest
heroes.
He is buried in Colorado Springs at the Evergreen
Cemetery and I can think of no one more deserving of this honor.
I want
to thank Brian Binn and the Colorado Springs CBOC Naming Committee
and everyone else who worked so hard to make this
happen.
Please
click
HERE
to watch Congressman Lamborn's House
Floor remarks
Both Houses of
Congress also passed my legislation H.R. 2366, the World War I American
Veteran's Centennial Commemorative Coin Act. To honor their service and
sacrifices, Congress created the World War I Centennial Commission in
2013 and tasked them with planning and executing activities to
commemorate the centennial of World War I through the use of private donations
and coin sales. By requiring the Secretary of the Treasury to mint
coins to commemorate the centennial, this bill would allow us to honor
the memory, service and sacrifice of the brave veterans of World War I,
while providing the means to pay tribute to the end of World War I
battlefield hostilities. Other great conflicts, including the Civil War,
World War II, the Korean War, and the Vietnam War, have all been
memorialized on United States commemorative coins, but no such honor has
been extended to the brave veterans of World War I. This year, 2014, is
the 100th anniversary of the start of World War I, making it very
fitting that we pass this measure this
year.
Please click
HERE
to watch my remarks on the House
Floor
I
joined my colleagues in the Colorado Delegation in sending a joint
letter to the U.S. Department of Veterans Affairs (VA), Kiewit
Corporation, and Turner Construction, urging immediate negotiations to determine
a path forward to continue construction of the VA hospital in Aurora.
The letter, co-signed by the entire Congressional delegation, laid
out the need for a short and long-term solution and the importance of
the construction project for the veterans of the Rocky Mountain region
and the State of
Colorado.
"The veterans of the Rocky
Mountain West have waited more than a decade for this hospital, and 1,400
construction workers are being sent home right before the holidays with
their jobs in jeopardy as this project sits idle," the delegation
wrote. "Given the size, scope, and importance of this construction project
to our veterans and the State of Colorado, we urge in the strongest
terms possible, for immediate negotiations between the VA and KT
resulting in a new contract modification to allow continued construction for
60
days."
The letter is in response to a Civilian Board of
Contract Appeals ruling that determined the VA was in material breach
of the contract. Kiewit Turner has since responded to this ruling by
stopping all work on the project. The letter urges both parties to
consider the long-term consequences of any action and for immediate
negotiations to result in a new contract modification negotiated by the Army
Corps of
Engineers.
STANDING UP TO EXECUTIVE
OVERREACH
I
supported H.R. 5759, the Preventing Executive Overreach on Immigration
Act. This bill states that, except within strict limits, the President
does not have the authority to exempt categories of people unlawfully
present in the U.S. from removal or to defer that removal. H.R. 5759
will apply to President Obamas recently announced executive actions and
any future ones that also attempt to circumvent the law. The bill
passed by a vote of 219 to 197. President Obama's actions are unlawful
and emblematic of his blatant disregard for the American people and our
system of government. I supported this bill because we must do
everything in our power to combat amnesty for illegal immigrants. H.R. 5759
is an important first step that reaffirms that unlawful executive
actions must not be allowed to carry the force of law. I, like the
President, made an oath to uphold the Constitution. The difference is that I
have every intention to continue to keep that
promise.
Background Information from the House Judiciary
Committee
On November 20,
2014, President Obama gave a speech to the nation in which he outlined
his intent to ignore immigration law violations of certain categories
of people
unlawful aliens who have been here for more than five
years and have U.S. citizen or legal permanent resident children in the
country
and grant them the affirmative immigration benefits of work
authorization and legal presence.
He also
expanded the Deferred Action for Childhood Arrivals (DACA) program, to
remove the age cap by which applicants previously had to apply and to
change the eligible entry date from 2007 to 2010.
The President is alleging prosecutorial discretion as authority for
his
actions.
HR 5759 demonstrates that the Presidents
actions are not acceptable uses of prosecutorial discretion and that
they violate Article I Section 8 and Article II Section 3 of the
Constitution.
It further states that the Presidents actions are
without constitutional or statutory
basis.
The bill provides
for necessary exceptional humanitarian and law enforcement
exceptions.
The effective date of the bill coincides with the
Presidents speech of November 20, and applies to all new and previously
denied requests for exemptions from and deferrals of removal from the
United States, as well as any related work
authorization.
I joined many of my conservative
colleagues in offering an amendment to the so-called "cromnibus" funding
legislation. The amendment reads, in part, "None of the funds appropriated
or otherwise made available, including any funds or fees collected or
otherwise made available for expenditure, by this division or any
other Act, or otherwise available to the Secretary of Homeland Security,
for any fiscal year may be used to implement, administer, carry out,
or enforce the [amnesty] policies." This amendment will prohibit
federal funds from being used to carry out the President's unlawful
executive amnesty plan. The President is charged with faithfully executing
laws, not unilaterally creating new policies. This is one more step I am
taking to uphold my oath to protect and defend our
Constitution.
Text of
Amendment
SUPPORTING
OUR MILITARY
I
joined a strong House majority in supporting the passage of the 2015
National Defense Authorization Act by a bipartisan vote of 300 to 119.
As a senior member of the House Armed Services Committee, Congressman
Lamborn played a key role in crafting the legislation and the final
bill features numerous examples of his
input:
Incorporates language originally authored by Rep. Lamborn
regarding C-130 aircraft and the 302nd/52nd airlift wing at Peterson
requiring a certification from the Secretary of the Air Force that the MAFFS
mission will not be negatively impacted before any aircraft can be
removed (Secs. 138 &amp;
140).
Incorporates language
calling for an analysis of a new Joint DOD-VA Clinic in Northern El
Paso County. As our military and veterans populations continue to grow,
military medical care will become an even greater priority for our
region. This amendment directs the Secretary of Defense and Secretary of
Veterans Affairs to investigate the possibility of a new
clinic.
Includes $6 million to modernize Air Force ejection seats, a
project that Lamborn has been working on all
year.
Fully funds military construction projects in Colorado Springs
($109.2M).
Includes a requirement for the Treasury Department to
list all companies and persons violating Iran sanctions (Sec.
1270).
Requires ongoing reports on Irans nuclear program (Sec.
1271), something which Lamborn has strongly advocated
for.
Includes language offered by Lamborn amendment to enhance the
ability of the Air Force Academy athletic programs to accept donations
(Sec.
554).
Review and report of suicide prevent efforts
in SOCOM (Sec.
582).
Independent assessment of mental
health challenges facing SOCOM (Sec.
586).
$24M increase
for SOCOM embedded mental health
providers.
Fully
funds Israeli missile defense
programs.
Requires DOD to
develop an acquisition strategy for health care professional staffing
(Sec.
725).
Establishes a pilot program for acquiring
commercial satellite communication services (Sec.
1605).
I recognize that, as with most omnibus bills, there
were some elements of this legislation that are disappointing. For
instance, some military pharmacy copays will increase by three dollars
for one year. However it is important to remember that generic
prescriptions received through the mail will have no copay increases. This is
an outcome House Republicans fought hard for. The White House and
Senate wanted to double and triple all copays for an indefinite amount of
time. Furthermore, I was disappointed by the lack of a larger pay raise
and by changes to the Base Allowance for Housing. I understand that
some people are disappointed by some of the provisions of this bill,
but having a completed NDAA, that has fully moved through the
Congressional budget process, is a good thing for our military. It allows them
to shape their decisions and plan their actions with budgetary
certainty. I am confident that this bill will allow our military to continue
to be the most capable, flexible, and effective force on the face of
the
earth.
SUPPORTING
OUR LOCAL AIRPORT
I partnered with my Democrat colleague Beto O'Rourke (TX-16)
to introduce bipartisan legislation designed to update the
eligibility requirements for Department of Transportation grants that helps
expand service at small and underserved
airports.
Small Community Air Service Development
(SCASD) grants provide much-needed boosts for small airports across the
country to pay for advertising and other startup costs associated with new
airline routes. These grants may only go to airports considered small
hubs or smaller by the Federal Aviation Administration. The law
authorizing SCASD stipulates that only airports considered small hubs in
1997 are eligible for the program. The grants typically range in value
from $100,000 to
$900,000.
The 21st Century Small Community Air
Service Development Program Act eliminates the current requirement that
limits grants to only airports that were classified as small in
1997.
Airports that would benefit from the legislation: Colorado
Springs, El Paso, Tucson, Louisville, Reno-Tahoe, Will Rogers in
Oklahoma, Tulsa, and
Guam
I am happy to be partnering with Congressman
O'Rourke on this bipartisan reform legislation. It is important that our
aviation laws reflect the most current status of our airports. The
Colorado Springs Airport is a fantastic facility that is making real
strides of progress. My hope is that this legislation is one more tool
that will allow the Colorado Springs Airport to continue its
transformation and add more air service to our
region.
"Thank you to
Congressmen Lamborn and O'Rourke for introducing this much-needed piece of
legislation. Having the ability to be competitive for SCASD grants will
be very beneficial as we work hard to increase service at the Colorado
Springs
Airport."
- Colorado Springs Airport Aviation Director Dan
Gallagher
Text of the
Legislation
STANDING WITH
ISRAEL
I partnered with dozens of my House
colleagues to call on the White House to not impose economic sanctions on our
friend and ally Israel. Recent media reports suggest that this might
be an option being considered by the President. It would be extremely
worrisome if the Administration unilaterally imposed sanctions on
Israel.
STANDING UP FOR THOSE WHO PROTECTED
AMERICA
I
released the following statement upon the publication of the Senate Select
Committee on Intelligence's report on the CIA's Detention and
Interrogation Program: "The partisan conclusions reached in the Senate Select
Committee on Intelligence report on CIA enhanced interrogation
techniques is designed to humiliate our nation and the intelligence
community.
It also has the potential to endanger the lives of Americans.
I believe in transparent government, but I also believe in a
government that is able to use all the tools at its legal disposal to
protect American citizens.
There should be no doubt that harsh
interrogation techniques produced actionable intelligence from a handful
of terrorists that could not have been obtained any other way.
There is a real danger that this report could imperil our ongoing
intelligence gathering partnerships, techniques, and
capabilities."
DENVER POST
EDITORIAL BY CONGRESSMAN LAMBORN:
On Browns Canyon,
All Citizens Deserve to Be
Heard
The recent Denver Post
editorial calling for Browns Canyon to be designated as a National Monument
was flawed on multiple levels. First, it made the false statement that
there is consensus among local Chaffee County residents. That is simply
not true. During my time in Congress, I have heard from multitudes of
locals whose concerns about grazing rights, outdoor recreation, and
the inability of first responders to manage and fight wildfires in the
area have never been addressed by Senator Udall. In fact, he and I
held a town hall there on the issue where there were roughly as many
opponents as proponents. Second, national monuments created by
Presidential executive order under the Antiquities Act almost always become
underfunded, neglected properties. This is because they were created
without normal Congressional and local consensus and buy in. They become
orphans stranded outside the National Park Service. Does Browns Canyon
really deserve second-class
status?
Lastly, the use of the
Antiquities Act to circumvent Congress is an abuse of executive privilege. It
robs the American people of a fair and open process and stifles the
input of the affected community. The possibility of designating Browns
Canyon as a National Monument should only be considered in an open and
public Congressional setting so that all parties, including those who
support and those who oppose the measure, have an equal opportunity to
voice their
concerns.
It is disappointing that the Denver
Post and our two current Senators are advocating for a top-down, big
government step that disenfranchises the concerned citizens in the
Browns Canyon region. This kind of government by decree was soundly
rejected in the last election. I simply cannot support a plan for Browns
Canyon that attempts to create false consensus, endangers the long-term
health and status of the property, and tramples on the valid concerns of
so many local
residents.
SPEAKING
OUT TO PROTECT
CHRISTMAS
Its the most wonderful time of the year.
A time when millions of Americans gather together to celebrate
Christmas.
For many of us, Christmas is a time to remember the humble
birth of our Savior on a holy night more than 2,000 years ago in the
town of Bethlehem. We give thanks for Jesus message of love and peace
and remember the sacrifice He made for us all.
It is a season of
giving, of love, and of joy. According to a recent poll, 9 out of 10
Americans celebrate Christmas.
Sadly, however, there is a
troubling effort in America, by a vocal minority, to remove the symbols and
traditions of Christmas from the public arena.
There have been
countless examples of various atheist, and humanist groups working to
public nativity displays, and other Christmas decorations.
Just
last year, in my home state of Colorado, an anti-religious organization
filed a lawsuit against school officials for their support of student
led involvement with Operation Christmas Child, a Christian charity
that gives shoeboxes filled with small gifts to underprivileged
children throughout the world. These efforts by a small group offended by
Christmas, violates the freedom of religion our founding fathers provided
for us in the Constitution.
I have introduced a resolution to
protect the symbols and traditions of Christmas for use by those who
celebrate the holiday.
The resolution also disapproves of efforts
to ban references to Christmas.
We must not allow those who
choose to take offense to shut down the religious celebration or
acknowledgement of every other American.
I urge its passage.
Please click
HERE
to
watch my Floor Speech
Interesting Articles and Recommended
Reading
Clinic Named For World War II Hero
by the
Colorado Springs Independent **Story Features Congressman
Lamborn**
Colorado Springs Airport Could Get a
Boost
by
the Colorado Springs Independent
**Story Features Congressman Lamborn**
Colorado
Republican Blasts Senate's CIA Torture Report
by Real Aspen **Story
Features Congressman Lamborn**
Rinsing Israel Out of
Europe
by the Wall Street Journal
Failed to
Cut a Deal with Iran? Better Than Making a Bad One
by the
Wall Street Journal
Social Media Update
If you would like to follow me on twitter please
find me at
@RepDLamborn
On
my Facebook
this week constituents shared their
feelings on my vote against the "Cromnibus"
legislation:
Steve
Scanlon
-
Thank you!!!
Victoria Walker
- All Republicans shouldve
voted against it.
Mark
Simmons
-
Great. Keep up the
fight!
Fran
Vansyoc
-
Not only did Obama miss the election message, the
Republican leadership also missed it! So glad to have you as my
representative!
Suzanne
Prechtl
-
We support all of your efforts Congressman. We
pray for you.
Donald
Womack
-
Good
job.
Florence Sebern
-
Thank
you, Congressman Lamborn! Standing strong against political party
leadership pressure is admirable.
Jim
Bensberg
-
We need about 434 more
Doug Lamborns in Congress (and about 100 more in the
Senate).
CONTACT
INFORMATION
WASHINGTON OFFICE
2402 Rayburn HOB |
Washington, DC 20515
Phone: (202)
225-4422
Fax: (202) 226-2638
DISTRICT
OFFICES 1125 Kelly Johnson Blvd., Suite 330
Colorado Springs, CO 80920
Phone: (719) 520-0055 |
Fax: (719) 520-0840
DISTRICT
OFFICES
415 Main Street |
Buena Vista, CO
81211
Phone: (719) 520-0055 |
Fax: (719)
520-0840
Update My
Profile
-
Unsubscribe
-
Privacy Policy
