
Amid partisan gridlock, Senator Bob Casey ended 2014 with significant accomplishments on behalf of Pennsylvanians.
Not displaying correctly?
View in browser .
Dear David:
As we face the start of a new year and a new congress, I wanted to share with you some of what we
accomplished
together in 2014.
ABLE Act Now Law
Since 2009, I have championed the ABLE Act, which creates tax-free savings accounts for individuals with disabilities. With its passage, millions of Americans will be able to save for their futures, creating peace of mind for individuals and families across the Nation.
Read More .
CHGME Reauthorization Act Now Law
The Children&rsquo;s Hospitals Graduate Medical Education (CHGME) program provides freestanding children&rsquo;s hospitals with federal graduate medical education (GME) support similar to the funding that other teaching hospitals receive through Medicare. My bill reauthorized the program for five years at $300 million a year.
Read More .
Emergency Medical Service for Children Act Now Law
Pediatric patients have important physical, developmental, and mental differences from adults.
From smaller-sized medical equipment to different dosage requirements for medicine, the Emergency Medical Services for Children (EMSC) program helps medical professionals meet the unique needs of pediatric patients and provide state of the art emergency medical care for ill and injured children and adolescents.
Read More .
Bill on Traumatic Brain Injuries Now Law
The Traumatic Brain Injury Reauthorization Act of 2014 (S. 2539) reauthorized the Prevention of Traumatic Brain Injury program and the National Program for Traumatic Brain Injury Surveillance and Registries. The prevention program funds educational programs and materials for health departments, community-based organizations, parents, teachers and coaches; and research into effective prevention strategies.
Read More .
Investing in PA
Western Pennsylvania&rsquo;s job-creating waterways infrastructure will see upgrades that have been sought for decades thanks to measures I passed in two separate bills: The Water Resources Development Act (WRDA) and the end of year tax extenders bill. Additionally the effort to bolster job creation in Southeastern Pennsylvania through the deepening of the Delaware River received significant support following my efforts.
Read More .
These are just a few highlights of my work on behalf of Pennsylvanians this past year. For a more complete list of our 2014 accomplishments,
click here . I hope you and your family have a happy and healthy new year!
Sincerely,
follow on Twitter
|
friend on Facebook
|
forward to a friend
You are receiving this email because you
subscribed to Senator Casey's newsletter at
http://www.casey.senate.gov
Our mailing address is:
United States Senate 393 Russell SOB Washington ,
DC
20510 Add us to your address book
unsubscribe from this list
|
update subscription preferences
