
Worth the Fight
**Happy Hanukkah to our friends in the Jewish Community!**
Our Veterans: Worth the Fight
Just 1% of Americans serve in the armed forces.
Yet they often pay a heavy price for their work
some return home with lasting physical and mental injuries.
Some do not return to their families.
In this Rigell Report, we want to share with you some of the work Congressman Rigell has been doing to protect our troops and veterans and honor those who have paid the ultimate sacrifice in defense of our freedoms.
Scott speaks to a group of veterans participating in the Honor Flight program
Reducing Veteran Suicides
Earlier this month the House passed H.R. 5059, the Clay Hunt Suicide Prevention for American Veterans Act, to improve access to mental health care for troops and veterans, enhance Veterans Affairs Department recruiting efforts for psychiatrists, and mandate evaluations of existing prevention programs to ensure their effectiveness. Clay was a Marine and a veteran activist who took his own life in 2011. Additionally, the House passed H.R. 83 last week which provides $53.3 million toward military suicide prevention efforts.
Too many of our heroes are at risk.
Here are some ways to get help right away:
Dial 1-800-273-8255 (National Suicide Prevention Hotline) and Press 1 to talk to someone
Start a confidential online chat session at www.VeteransCrisisLine.net/chat
Send a text message to 838255 to connect to a VA responder
Take a self-check quiz at www.VeteransCrisisLine.net/quiz
If you or a Veteran you know is in crisis, find a facility near you
Visit www.MilitaryCrisisLine.net if you are Active Duty, Reserve, or Guard
If you know a veteran who is struggling, visit http://www.mentalhealth.va.gov/suicide_prevention/ to learn how you can help.
****
Stopping BRAC and Protecting the Military through the Recent Government Funding Bill
Last week Scott voted for and the House of Representatives passed H.R. 83, commonly known as the 'CRomnibus', which advances the best strategy to properly fund the federal government while stopping President Obamas recently announced immigration executive order. Specifically, the legislation funds the Department of Homeland Security through February 27, 2015, and the remainder of the government through September 30, 2015. This puts Congress, with a Republican-led House and Senate, in the strongest position to block and defund the Presidents executive order.
Although this legislation is far from perfect, its passage was
very important for our military-heavy Hampton Roads region. It fully funds our national defense
and supports the following local provisions:
Rejects another military base realignment and closure round (BRAC)
$848 million to overhaul the aircraft carrier USS George Washington (critical to Newport News Shipbuilding and hundreds of defense subcontractors in VA and around the country)
Appropriates funding for two Virginia-class submarines
$1 billion toward constructing a final San Antonio-class amphibious warship
Pay increase for service members
$53.3 million toward military suicide prevention efforts
$190 million to maintain operations at on-base commissaries
Prevents GITMO detainees from being transferred to the US
Scott spoke on the John Fredericks show earlier this week and worked through some of the misinformation and confusion surrounding parts of the bill.
Listen to the full radio interview
here .
****
The holidays provide an opportunity to honor the fallen.
Scott and Teri joined other members of our staff, including Bre Kingsbury, our Military Liaison, who organized the outing, to lay wreaths at the graves of the fallen at Arlington National Cemetery.
Scott and Teri participated in Wreaths Across America at Arlington National Cemetery this past weekend to honor and remember our fallen heroes and the Gold Star families they left behind
*****
Honoring a Legend
On December 9, Congressman Rigell spoke from the House floor to pay tribute to Jimmy Mills Hargrove, a Montford Point Marine who passed away on July 29, 2014, at the age of 84.
The Montford Point Marines were the first African Americans to serve in the Marine Corps.
Watch the speech by clicking
here
or the photo below.
Scott honors the life of a Montford Point Marine from VA-02, Jimmy Hargrove, from the House floor
*****
Congressman Rigell taped a special message for our service members who will be overseas during the holiday season. Forgive us
the iPhone quality is not the best
but our hard-charging troops will see a much crisper video! From all of team Rigell: thank you - and your families - for all you do to defend our freedoms and keep our nation safe. Merry Christmas, Happy Hanukkah, and Happy New Year.
Click
here
to watch the video.
*****
Scott speaks to those in attendance at the 2014 Gold Star Family Evening
Scott recently spoke at the Fifth Annual Gold Star Family Evening.
The event was held on December 7, the 73rd anniversary of the Attack on Pearl Harbor.
At the event, a young man named Elijah Prakash, an 8th Grade student at Atlantic Shores Christian School, read a moving essay he had written on the Attack on Pearl Harbor.
We asked Elijah if we could share it with you, and he said yes.
Pictured above: Elijah Prakash, an 8th Grade student at Atlantic Shores Christian School, and his parents, Felix and Edith
"Franklin Delano Roosevelt our 32nd president called December 7, 1941 a date that will live in infamy. I wholeheartedly agree with him. Infamy in the dictionary means: the state of being well known for some bad quality or deed. On this day, Sunday morning the Japanese bombed Pearl Harbor. Japanese carriers from the Pacific bombed the U.S. Naval and air bases in Hawaii. Sadly, nineteen American ships were sunk or disabled. Also nearly two hundred planes were destroyed, and more than two thousand men were killed, and over one thousand more were wounded.
"What is so confusing is the United States was at peace with Japan. We were having communications with the Japanese government and emperor looking toward the continuance of peace in Japan and the other Pacific countries.
"Because of the men and women who were courageous and risked their lives to save their country, we can now live peacefully. If they did not act, the Japanese would have caused more damage that could have cost us the war and many more casualties. These brave men and women felt that their country was more important than their life.
"As Americans and Christians we need to give them their honor. As it says in Roman 17:3, it instructs to give respect to whom respect is owed, and honor to whom honor is owed. Some of these people who gave or risked their lives, lived or are living like regular people, when they should have been or should be living like heroes, because truly they sacrificed for others.
"As Americans we must truly remember Pearl Harbor as a day that will live in infamy. Not as a day that we were shot down, but as a day that we learned to get back up and keep fighting and persevering at all costs. Since they sacrificed or risked their lives for us, why dont we sacrifice our time to honor them? They deserve it without a doubt. Without these soldiers we as Americans would not be the people who we are today."
You Should Go...
The Chesapeake Bay Foundation's Brock Environmental Center opened in November.
The Center, located at Pleasure House Point in Virginia Beach, is an innovative example of environmentally sensitive and smart buildingamong the first in the nation to embrace energy and water independence.
The building meets the strictest environmental standards in accordance with the Living Building Challenge and features solar panels, wind turbines, geothermal wells, rain cisterns, waterless toilets, and natural landscaping.
Staff will begin operating full-time out of Brock Environmental Center by January 5, 2015.
Tours will begin in February.
Brock Environmental Center Guided Tours will be available on the 1st and 3rd Friday of each month, and by RSVP only.
More information and registration is available by emailing Hamptonroads@cbf.org or by calling 757-622-1964.
Visit
www.cbf.org/Brock
for more information.
Quoteworthy:
As we express our gratitude, we must never forget that the highest appreciation is not to utter words, but to live by them.
- President John Fitzgerald Kennedy on veterans
Helpful Resources
Watch live floor proceedings in the House of Representatives (when in session)
Find out what happened on the House floor today
Learn about the legislative process
2015 House Legislative Calendar (114th Congress, First Session)
WEBSITE
|
UNSUBSCRIBE
|
CONTACT
Click Here Click Here