DOCTYPE html
February 1, 2015
Congressman McHenry Weekly Update
Recognizing the Importance of School Choice
This week I joined with Americans from all 50 states in recognizing the importance of school choice as we celebrated National School Choice Week of 2015.
Far too often America's students are stuck in underperforming schools that do not serve their needs.
I believe that parents should have the freedom to find the best educational opportunities for their children whether they be public, private, charters or magnets.
On Wednesday I took to the House floor to speak about the value of school choice.
You can watch video of my remarks by clicking the image below.
Later on Wednesday I joined a bipartisan and bicameral rally that included the likes of Speaker John Boehner and Senator Ted Cruz to celebrate National School Choice Week.
Additionally, I further outlined my stance on school choice and why I think it is so vital to the success of our children in an op-ed published in 10th District newspapers including the
Hickory Daily Record
and the
Lincoln Times-News .
You can read that op-ed by clicking the image below.
Fighting Human Trafficking
Human trafficking has been described as "modern-day slavery" and while many like to think that these heinous crimes could not happen in the United States, that is sadly not the case.
The statistics are staggering as human and sexual trafficking represents a nearly $10 billion industry annually.
This week the House took action to help end these horrific crimes by passing 12 bipartisan bills to address the issue.
The legislation passed this week will reallocate federal resources allowing law enforcement to better fight these crimes, encourage safe harbor laws so victims will be treated as such instead of as criminals, make it a federal crime to advertise for sex acts, provide greater resources to victims, and other important steps.
A full list with descriptions of each bill can be found
here .
I spoke in the House about the horror of human trafficking last year.
Those remarks can be seen by clicking the image below.
Are You on Instagram?
Continuing with my constant efforts to keep you updated on my work both in Western North Carolina and Washington, I have increasingly used Instagram to share pictures of my work, meetings, and my visits across the 10th District.
This week I shared a photo of one of my favorite responsibilities as a Member of Congress: calling 10th District high school students to inform them they have received appointments to our nation's service academies.
You can see that photo below.
Click on the photo to see my full Instagram profile, follow me, or sign up for yourself if you do not currently have an account.
What I Have Been Reading
Obama drops proposal to tax 529 college savings plans
CNBC
During his State of the Union address President Obama outlined a number of misguided policy proposals but perhaps the most egregious was his plan to tax 529 college savings plans.
These plans are used by middle class families to save for their children's education and, if anything, should be expanded, not taxed.
I commend President Obama for finally coming to his senses and scrapping this regrettable plan to further tax the middle class.
Lower taxes good for craft brewers, McHenry says
Hickory Daily Record
Last week I toured Catawba County's Olde Hickory Brewery.
Following that tour I sat down with the
Hickory Daily Record
to discuss the craft beer industry, the tax burden they face, and the industry's importance to Western North Carolina.
Craft brewers are small businesses and with a reduced tax burden, they serve as job creators for our communities.
French Broad, where an Asheville chocolate-making duo sets a high bar
Washington Post
It is always a pleasure to see stories about Western North Carolina when in Washington.
In this case, it was a
Washington Post
Travel Section story on Asheville's French Broad Chocolate Lounge.
It is an excellent profile on the owners and how they settled for Asheville after living on a cacao farm in Costa Rica.
WASHINGTON, D.C. OFFICE
2334 Rayburn HOB
Washington, D.C. 20515
Telephone: 202.225.2576
Fax: 202.225.0316
HICKORY DISTRICT OFFICE
87 4th St. NW, Ste A, PO Box 1830
Hickory, NC 28603
Telephone: 828.327.6100
Toll-Free in NC: 800.477.2576
Fax: 828.327.8311
GASTONIA DISTRICT OFFICE
Suite 115
Gaston Co. Administrative Bldg
128 West Main Avenue
Gastonia, NC 28053
Telephone: 704.833.0096
BLACK MTN. DISTRICT OFFICE
160 Midland Avenue
Black Mountain, NC 28711
Telephone: 828.669.0600
Click Here Click Here