
If you
are having trouble viewing this message or would like to share it on a
social network, you can
view the message online .
December 11, 2014
Unsubscribe
Update My
Profile
Website
|
Meet
Rodney
|
11th District
Services
|
Newsroom
|
Contact Rodney
Memorandum
TO: Concerned
Citizens
FROM: Rep. Rodney Frelinghuysen
(NJ-11)
Date: 12-11-14
RE: Responsibly
Funding the Government
A few minutes ago, the House
passed H.R. 83, the Omnibus Appropriations Act for Fiscal Year 2015, which
responsibly provides funding for the entire U.S. government and
avoids a costly and damaging shutdown.
Under this
comprehensive bill, the vast majority of agencies are funded through the end
of the Fiscal Year, September 30, 2015.
However, operating funds
for the Department of Homeland Security (DHS) are essentially frozen
and provided under a temporary Continuing Resolution mechanism that
expires in late February.
Following this route will allow DHS to
continue to maintain essential security functions while giving the
Congress the ability to revisit the Presidents recent unlawful executive
action on immigration early next year.
I wish that we did
not have to be considering this huge, catch-all spending
package.
However, when Harry Reids Senate failed to approve even a single
one of the 12 annual appropriations bills, this was the only way we
could do our duty under the Constitution to fund the government while
increasing oversight and accountability.
The central part of
the Omnibus package is the Defense Appropriations bill that my
committee crafted earlier this year and the House passed overwhelmingly in
June.
The compromise measure keeps faith with the two priorities
I outlined earlier this year as chairman.
First, it
ensures that our men and women in uniform have the resources they need to
defend our nation and support their families.
Second, it ensures that the Department of Defense and Intelligence
community have the resources they need to carry out their critical mission
in the most efficient and effective manner.
The
Omnibus legislation, approved last night, is a clear example of our
commitment to U.S. military dominance across the air, land and sea and our
commitment to our allies and partners.
I would also add that
the measure includes Overseas Contingency Operations funding to combat
the real-world threat posed by ISIL, al Qaeda and other extremist
groups and other dangers presented by such crises as the West Africa
Ebola outbreak.
Beyond the defense section of package, is
thisOmnibus bill perfect?
By no means!
But, as long as the
Senate approves and the President signs it, H.R. 83 allows us to fulfill
our Constitutional duty to responsibly fund the federal government and
avoid a damaging and costly government shutdown.
Clearly,
this is not the way the appropriations process should work.
But
hopefully, with Republicans taking control of the Senate next month, we
will be able to return to regular order and pass each of our
spending bills individually while demanding of President Obama, his Cabinet
and staff, greater accountability.
In a larger sense, I
hope tonights action will set the stage for a productive 2015 during
which our friends and allies see American leadership again, rather than
disengagement, ambivalence and an unwillingness to confront challenges
in the Middle East and Russian and Chinese
expansionism!
And, be assured in 2015 our focus will remain on job creation, cutting
red tape, reducing the over-reach of the federal government and
promoting economic freedom.
Eight Things
You (Probably) Didnt Know About the Omnibus Appropriations
Act
1. The bill abides by last years bipartisan budget
agreement.
As a result, overall discretionary spending has been
reduced by $165 billion since FY 2010.
When projected out over 10
years, that adds up to saving taxpayers $2.13 trillion!
2. The
centerpiece of the Omnibus, Rodneys Defense Appropriations bill,
addresses a number of national security priorities, including $64 billion
to combat the threat of ISIL, train our Iraqi allies, and reinforce
European countries facing Russian aggression.
Notably, the bill
stops the transfer or release of Guantanamo detainees into the
U.S.
3. The bill includes several provisions to protect jobs and
rein in regulatory overreach, including a provision amending the
Dodd-Frank law to protect farmers and other commodity producers from having to
put down excessive collateral to get a loan, expand their businesses,
and hedge production.
4. The bill protects jobs and
advances a number of energy priorities, including a measure prohibiting
funds for the Army Corps of Engineers to change the definition of fill
material, a maneuver that would hurt many industries.
The bill
also blocks an administration proposal to impose new fees on onshore oil
and gas producers while providing additional resources to expedite
domestic onshore, offshore energy, and minerals development.
Notably, the bill cuts funding for the EPA for the fifth consecutive year,
and reduces its staffing to the lowest level since 1989.
5.
The bill includes no new funding for ObamaCare and cuts the
Independent Payment Advisory Board by $10 million.
6. The bill
slashes funding for the IRS by $345 million, to below its FY 2008
level.
Notably, the bill prohibits funds for the IRS to target groups for
scrutiny based on their political beliefs or to target citizens for
exercising their First Amendment rights.
7. The bill
continues our work to deliver a 21st-Century health care system for our
veterans and their families, including provisions to address the VA
goal of ending the disability claims backlog by the end of 2015, ensure
the Department of Defense and the VA are developing electronic health
care records that seamlessly transfer information between the two
departments, and eliminate $41 million from VA performance
bonuses.
8. The bill increases funding for the National Institutes of
Health (NIH) and boosts funding for Alzheimers, cancer, and brain
research, and includes $2.7 billion in emergency funding to address the
Ebola crisis.
Contact
Information
WASHINGTON, D.C.
2306 Rayburn
House Office Building
Washington, DC 20515-3011
(202)
225-5034
NEW JERSEY
30 Schuyler Place, Second
Floor
Morristown, NJ 07960
(973) 984-0711
Update My
Profile
-
Unsubscribe
-
Privacy Policy
gateway
mail end 