
Jan
30
News from Senator Ayotte's Office
Dear Friends,
On Thursday, the Senate voted 62-36 to approve bipartisan legislation that would allow the Keystone XL pipeline project to move forward.
I voted in support of this legislation because of the project's expected positive impact on energy production and economic growth.
I'm also pleased this bill includes provisions I cosponsored to boost energy efficiency -- including my Better Buildings Act, which would incentivize tenants in commercial buildings to take voluntary steps to conserve energy.
The bill also includes an amendment I cosponsored with Senators Susan Collins (R-ME) and Mark Warner (D-VA) to boost energy efficiency in schools.
Rather than create any new federal programs, this amendment would simply streamline communication and better coordinate existing programs.
This week, I also helped introduce legislative proposals to hold corrupt officials at the VA fully accountable, and increase transparency and accountability in the federal budget.
See below for more info.
Like all of you, Joe, Kate, Jake, and I can hardly wait for Sunday night.
Enjoy the Super Bowl -- LET'S GO PATS!
Continuing Efforts to Reform the VA
Continuing her efforts to hold corrupt officials at the VA fully accountable, Senator Ayotte joined Senators Jerry Morran (R-KS), Marco Rubio (R-FL) and John McCain (R-AZ) this week to introduce legislation that would give the VA Secretary more authority to hold corrupt executives accountable for their actions. The legislation would give the VA Secretary the authority to reduce the pensions of executives convicted of a crime, limit the amount of time VA senior executive service (SES) employees can spend on paid administrative leave, and reform the Department's performance appraisal system for senior executives.
"VA employees convicted of criminal conduct in the course of their work shouldn't be rewarded with bonuses, paid leave and additional pension benefits, and this bipartisan bill builds on important reforms I supported that were signed into law last year to help ensure that senior VA officials involved in wrongdoing are held fully accountable for their actions," said Ayotte.
"I will also continue my efforts to revoke bonuses from VA employees who were involved in the manipulation of waitlists."
Read more.
Pork Watch: The Taxpayers Right to Know Act
On Thursday, Senator Ayotte joined a bipartisan group of Senators in reintroducing the Taxpayers Right To Know Act, a bill that would provide Americans with a better understanding of how their tax dollars are spent.
The bill would increase transparency regarding the details, costs, and performance metrics of every federal program.
"Americans deserve to know how their tax dollars are being spent, and this commonsense measure would shine a bright light on how funds are spent and encourage performance-based reviews of federal programs," said Ayotte.
"With our nation over $18 trillion in debt, it's unacceptable that Washington keeps wasting billions on programs that don't work, and this bill would support efforts to eliminate duplicative and underperforming programs."
Senator Ayotte cosponsored similar legislation last Congress.
She is also cosponsoring the Duplication Elimination Act, which aims to save billions of taxpayer dollars by requiring Congress and the Administration to implement recommendations outlined in the Government Accountability Office's Annual Report on Fragmentation, Overlap, and Duplication.
Read more.
Ayotte Defends Service Members' Right to Communicate with Congress
At a Senate Armed Services Committee hearing today, U.S. Senator Kelly Ayotte (R-NH)
questioned
the Chief of Staff of the Air Force, General Mark Welsh, regarding recent
comments
allegedly made by Air Force Major General James Post, vice commander of Air Combat Command, in which he warned Air Force personnel that passing information to members of Congress regarding the A-10 is "committing treason."
Ayotte strongly condemned these reported comments and emphasized the legal right of service members to communicate with Congress.
Read more.
Armed Services Committee Hearing on Global Security Challenges
Senator Ayotte chaired Tuesday's full committee hearing on global security challenges and U.S. national security strategy. During her opening statement and during her questioning of the witnesses, Ayotte underscored her concerns regarding several national security challenges currently facing our nation - including Iran's nuclear program, continued Russian aggression against Ukraine, and the administration's stepped up efforts to transfer Guantanamo Bay detainees so it can empty and close the facility.
Read more.
Ayotte: Taliban 5 Transfer Was Dangerous
Senator Ayotte released the following statement Thursday regarding a report that one of the "Taliban 5" released from Guantanamo Bay last year is suspected of reengaging in terrorist activities:
"I am extremely disturbed by a report that one of the Taliban 5 is suspected of reengaging in terrorist activities.
This report highlights the danger of the administration's irresponsible decision to transfer the Taliban 5, and underscores yet again the serious risks posed by the misguided effort to empty Guantanamo in order to close it.
"With nearly 30 percent of former Guantanamo detainees suspected or confirmed of reengaging in terrorism, the administration's continued policy of releasing dangerous terrorists endangers Americans and our allies.
Consistent with the legislation I have introduced, I renew my call for suspending transfers of detainees assessed to be high or medium risk.
I look forward to the Senate Armed Services Committee considering this legislation as soon as possible."
Photos of the Week
Senator Ayotte with members of Londonderry High School's student council.
With students from Pinkerton Academy's student council.
With students from Timberlane Regional High School.
Senator Ayotte with Brigadier General (Ret.) Jack Hammond, Michael Allard, and Joe Donovan of the Red Sox Foundation and Massachusetts General Hospital Home Base Program.
Home Base provides care and support services for New England service members, veterans, and their families.
Warm Regards,
Kelly Ayotte
United States Senator
Email Kelly
Manchester Office
1200 Elm Street, Suite 2
Manchester, NH 03101 Phone:
603-622-7979
Nashua Office
144 Main Street
Nashua, NH 03060 Phone:
603-880-3335
North Country Office 19 Pleasant Street, Suite 13B
Berlin, NH 03570 Phone:
603-752-7702 Fax:
603-752-7704
Portsmouth Office
14 Manchester Square, Ste 140
Portsmouth, NH 03801 Phone:
603-436-7161
Washington, DC
144 Russell Senate Office Building
Washington, DC 20510
Phone:
202-224-3324
Email Kelly
|
ayotte.senate.gov
|
Unsubscribe
