DOCTYPE html PUBLIC '-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.0 Transitional//EN' 'http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml1/DTD/xhtml1-transitional.dtd'
Congressional Report
January 7, 2014
SERVING THE 34TH DISTRICT OF TEXAS
Share
Dear Friends,
I hope that everyone enjoyed the Holiday Season, as we spent time catching up with family, friends, and loved ones. December was a busy month as the 113th Congress came to a close. The President exercised his authority under the U.S. Constitution to take the first step toward comprehensive immigration reform. Instead of separating families, the Department of Homeland Security will focus its limited enforcement resources on felons, gang members, and other criminals. The actions taken by the President are not amnesty. Like Presidents Ronald Reagan, George H. W. Bush and Bill Clinton, President Obama used executive action to address the immigration issue, and individuals eligible for relief must submit to a thorough background check, pay taxes, and meet a number of other strict requirements before receiving a temporary work permit.
I will continue to fight for comprehensive immigration reform, which would not only restore fairness to our broken immigration system but would also reduce the national debt by $200 billion over the next ten years.
I will also continue to work with senior leadership in Congress to address issues such as water, agriculture, transportation and infrastructure, and violence in Mexico caused by drug cartels. Currently, I am working to resolve the water deficit Mexico has with the United States, to secure our border, and to bring economic investment to our communities through trade and commerce.
Congressman Filemon Vela and HUD Secretary Julian Castro
speak with a health care specialist in the Rio Grande Valley
Recently, I hosted U.S. Housing and Urban Development (HUD) Secretary Julian Castro in the 34th District of Texas. Together we attended a Health Care Enrollment Fair and met with housing officials and tenants in Brownsville.
Secretary Castro spoke about the importance of having access to affordable health care.
Secretary Castro joined me and Congressman Ruben Hinojosa on a tour of the area during which we discussed the impact of investment in ports, the energy industry, and affordable housing.
I will continue to bring key national leaders to South Texas so they can see firsthand our rich history, traditions, and culture.
These visits provide an important opportunity to showcase the Rio Grande Valley and to urge additional investment in the region.
American Legion Post 43 Commander Raul Leal plays the bugle at the opening ceremony
for the 2nd Annual Veterans Summit in Brownsville, Texas
South Texas is home to more than 30,000 veterans, and I was pleased to host the Congressional Veterans Summit last month in Brownsville.
Attended by hundreds of veterans and their families, the summit was a success. Brownsville Metro and Valley Metro provided free transportation to the summit, and organizations like Valley Baptist Medical Center were on site to provide free health screenings. Veteran-friendly employers were in attendance to assist veterans seeking employment opportunities. It was a great feeling to watch an entire community work so hard to support our veterans. Thanks to all who took part in the Congressional Veterans Summit.
Congressman Filemon Vela meets with 4-H Students from South Texas
I recently had the opportunity to meet with some of our brightest students from South Texas. They were in Washington, D.C. attending the Texas 4-H Leadership Conference, an event to recognize senior 4-H participants who have received a first place record book. During our meeting, we discussed my role as their U.S. Representative and many issues that face the 34th District of Texas such as immigration, agriculture, transportation and infrastructure, and water. I thank them for making the trip to Washington and hope they enjoyed their time with us.
A ten-point buck enjoys the South Texas beauty at the Laguna Park Recreation Area
I participated in the opening of the Laguna Park Recreation Area in Port Mansfield, Texas.
Theodore Roosevelt said, The nation behaves well if it treats its natural resources as assets which it must turn over to the next generation increased, and not impaired, in value.
Thanks to Willacy Countys foresight, the park has nature trails and fishing piers.
I had the added bonus of seeing dozens of white-tailed deer, including a ten-point buck, on my drive to the recreation area.
Congressman Vela speaks with IDEA Academy's AP Government students
I visited with IDEA Academys Advance Placement (AP) Government students in San Benito to explain my Congressional duties and listen to their concerns.
We discussed projects that are vital for South Texas growth including SpaceX, port dredging, and infrastructure improvement.
In closing, I thank you -- the constituents of the 34th District -- for allowing me the honor of serving as your Congressman. In the 114th Congress, I will continue working to find solutions to matters that directly affect South Texas, to enact common sense reforms to our broken immigration system, to invest in the regions infrastructure, to bring innovation along with business and job opportunities, and to serve as your voice and advocate with federal agencies.
I look forward to serving you in the 114th Congress.
Sincerely,
Filemon Vela
Member of Congress
Rep. Vela in the News
Congressman Vela meeting with press after naturalization ceremony at Palo Alto Battlefield National Historical Park
Click to see recent news reports
Social Media
To keep up with news and developments from the 34th District of Texas and Capitol Hill, follow Congressman Vela online.
Focus on the District
34th District
Help with a Federal Agency
Request a Flag
Tour Requests
TEXAS OFFICES
WASHINGTON DC OFFICE
Alice Office
500 East Main
Alice, TX 78332
Phone: (956) 544-8352
Brownsville Office
333 Ebony Avenue
Brownsville, TX 78520
Phone: (956) 544-8352
San Benito Office
1390 W. Expressway 83
San Benito, TX 78586
Phone: (956) 544-8352
437 Canon HOB
Washington, DC 20515
phone: 202-225-9901
Unsubscribe
-
Privacy Policy
Click Here Click Here