
Miller Newsletter
January 25, 2015
In the News
Response to the State of the Union
I had hoped to hear President Obama reach out to both sides of the aisle and embrace the opportunity to work with the new majority in Congress to improve the economy, defend our shores, and make life better for all Americans.
I had also hoped the President would have built on areas of agreement between the parties, for example, the continued need to reform the VA, and demonstrate some leadership.
But, rather than look to chart a new course to improve our economy, move forward with comprehensive tax reform, secure our borders, make the serious reforms needed to bring transparency and accountability to federal agencies, and reduce spending to balance our budget, the President decided to, once again, take a go-it-alone approach.The Presidents refusal to work with Congress to do the peoples work was highlighted before the speech even began when Dan Pfeiffer, a senior White House advisor, said We will not be limited by what will pass this Congress because that would be a very boring two years.
Leaving aside the most important, and blaringly obvious, fact that only Congress has the authority to pass laws, it is astounding that, less than a month into the new Congress, the White House has already written off the will of the strong majority of Americans who voted in the midterm elections.
The fact is that in the first few weeks of the 114th Congress, both the Senate and House have shown that we are serious about legislating and passing pro-growth bills to help hard-working Americans and small businesses.
Thus far, the House has passed bills to make it easier to hire veterans (H.R. 22); protect American workers from Obamacare and restore the 40-hour work week (H.R. 30); and reduce the regulatory red-tape that is keeping small businesses from accessing capital (H.R. 37).
We have also passed a bipartisan bill (H.R. 3) to approve the Keystone XL pipeline, and the Senate is considering amendments and is expected to approve Keystone XL shortly.
And these are just the jobs bills that have been passed by the House thus far.
We have also passed legislation to support our veterans by ensuring VAs mental health and suicide prevention efforts receive crucial independent, third party oversight, while creating a greater accounting of available services and fostering an enhanced community approach to delivering veterans suicide prevention and mental health care treatment (H.R. 203); stopping the Presidents executive amnesty (H.R. 240); and protecting the sanctity of life and the rights of the unborn (H.R. 7).
With his State of the Union address, President Obama would have us believe that all is well here at home and abroad.
But, the reality is that median household income is down almost $2,000 since the President took office, while the cost of health care and other essentials is just rising.
And the President said very little in his speech about the many serious foreign policy challenges that we continue to face, refusing to even accept the fact that we are still fighting a global war against terrorism and radical Islamists.
And while the President gave a nod to the service and sacrifice of our heroes, he failed to mention the VA scandal or the steps that still must be taken to bring transparency and accountability to ensure that VA lives up to its commitment to our veterans.
In the wake of the departments massive wait time scandal, his VA has not fired a single executive for medical care wait time manipulation, and his Department of Justice has not prosecuted a single VA employee in connection with the schemes.
Unless the President addresses these problems head on, many in the veterans community will be left wondering.
Unfortunately, rather than address these critical issues, President Obamas laundry list of agenda items focused on the failed policies of the past.
Americans have said they want a secure border, more jobs, better wages and lower health care and education costs. In short, they want a government that works for them.
To truly right this economy, we need to cut government spending, we have to shrink the size of the federal government, and we have to stop the federal intrusion and overreach that hurts hardworking Americans.
We need to move towards a balanced budget, and this government needs to stop mortgaging the future of our children and grandchildren.
If the President was really serious about turning around this country, then he would be working with Congress to find solutions to our problems, not threatening to veto bills, as he has already done with five separate bills already this year.
Towards the end of his address, President Obama said Imagine if we did something different.
Well, Mr. President, it is hard for the American people to imagine something different when all they hear and see from this Administration is more of the same.
News Radio 1620 (01.21.15)
To listen to my interview with News Radio 1620's Andrew McKay in regards to the State of the Union, click on this
link .
Miller Media Clips
To read some recent press clips highlighting my work on behalf of Florida's First Congressional District and our Nations veterans and servicemembers, click on the links below:
Congress turns up heat on VA in wake of Tomah opiate reports
VA Bill Would Reduce Pensions of Convicted Executives, Limit Bonuses
House bill would reduce SES pensions at VA
Congressmen blast VA about construction debacles
Sweeping Veterans Affairs bill targets senior execs
Jeff Miller Proposes New VA Employee Reform Bill
House bill would give VA more authority over executives
Enough is enough: Key lawmaker says its time for another VA reform bill
House anti-corruption bill would cut benefits, leave for VA executives
Key Republican gives Obama an F- for failing to address the VA scandal
VA construction woes cost billions
Obama urged to address veteran suicides in State of the Union
Washington Update
March for Life
Last Thursday, Americans from all walks of life and all corners of the country joined together in unison to march for a cause greater than themselvesprotecting the rights of the unborn. The March for Life, which began as a small demonstration in 1974 on the first anniversary of the Supreme Court decisions in
Roe v Wade
and
Doe v Bolton , is an annual event that brings together tens of thousands of individuals each year to Washington, D.C. to celebrate the sanctity of life. This years themeEvery Life is a Giftreminds us that all life is truly precious. The March for Life is a strong signal that millions of Americans are united and committed to protecting the life and rights of the unborn.
As a staunch pro-life conservative, I strongly support this commitment.
2015 March for Life
House Passes H.R. 7 - No Taxpayer Funding for Abortion and Abortion Insurance Full Disclosure Act of 2015
The spirit of the March for Life flowed through the Halls of Congress when, on the day of the March, the House passed a crucial piece of legislation that protects the life of the unborn. H.R.7, which passed with bipartisan support, would prohibit any federal funds from being used to pay for abortions except in the case of rape, incest, or if the life of the mother is in danger. The bill would also prohibit the use of Obamacare's cost-sharing subsidies and the small business tax credits for the purchase of health insurance that includes abortion coverage, and would require health plans to disclose information regarding abortion coverage in each plan. Abortion is not a Republican issue, and it is not a Democrat issue. It is a human issue, and I look forward to the opportunity to continue to lend my support to efforts in the 114th Congress that guarantee the protection of life and promote traditional family values.
House Passes H.R. 161 - Natural Gas Pipeline Permitting Reform Act
Thanks to abundant natural resources, coupled with investments and advancements in energy technology, the United States is the worlds leading producer of natural gas, which, in addition to its use as an energy source, is used to manufacture everything from common household products, like paper and garbage bags, to life saving medicines.
American natural gas helps to lower the cost of energy at home, putting more money back in the pockets of hard-working American families and small businesses, while also helping to promote economic growth and job creation across virtually all sectors of our economy.
Unfortunately, the overly bureaucratic and inefficient federal permitting process is causing significant delays in pipeline construction, meaning that many regions of the country cannot easily get the natural gas that they need.
Without firm timelines for the consideration of pipeline requests, delays are all too common.
In fact, according to independent analysis, the permitting process for natural gas pipelines has slowed down in recent years, with delays in permitting increasing by 28 percent.
To help reform the federal permitting process and ensure that pipelines can be constructed to transport natural gas throughout the country, the House passed H.R.161, the
Natural Gas Pipeline Permitting Reform Act
last week.
This bill would modernize the permitting process for pipeline construction by instituting firm timelines for review of applications.
Specifically, this bill would require the Federal Energy Regulatory Commission (FERC) to approve or deny a pipeline application within 12 months.
After completing the FERC review, any other relevant federal agencies would have to either approve or deny the final application within 90 days of the competed FERC process.
H.R.161 is a commonsense measure that would help standardize the construction of natural gas pipelines so that all parts of our Nation can enjoy the lower costs that come with increased domestic natural gas production.
This bill is one of the many pro-growth energy bills passed by the House in the last Congress that the Harry Reid-led Senate refused to bring up for consideration.
I look forward to working with the new Republican Senate to pass this and other important pro-growth bills in the 114th Congress.
Meeting with Gulf Oyster and Seafood Industry
A group from throughout the Gulf Coast representing the Gulf Seafood Institute stopped by my office last week to discuss important Gulf fisheries management issues, including oysters and red snapper.
We are blessed in Northwest Florida to have world-class fishing and unparalleled natural beauty right in our backyard.
I always appreciate having the opportunity to hear from Gulf Coast residents, and I remain committed to working with stakeholders, state and local officials, and my colleagues in Congress to ensure that current and future generations have access to the many resources that the Gulf has to offer.
Congressman Miller meeting with Gulf Coast Seafood Industry stakeholders
Veterans Corner
H.R.473, Increasing VA Accountability to Veterans Act of 2015
I introduced legislation last week that would give the Department of Veterans Affairs secretary more authority to hold corrupt executives accountable, limit the amount of time VA senior executive service (SES) employees can spend on paid administrative leave, and reform certain aspects of the departments performance appraisal system for its senior executives. More than nine months after the VA scandal, Americans are asking "where is the accountability?" Unfortunately, VA doesnt have a good answer to this question. Thats why my committee's focus remains on giving the VA secretary more tools to ensure corrupt and incompetent executives face serious consequences for mismanagement and malfeasance that harms veterans. Right now, the task at hand for VA leaders is replacing the departments culture of complacency with a climate of accountability, and we are going to give them everything they need to get the job done.
House Veterans' Affairs Committee Hearing: "Building a Better VA: Assessing Ongoing Major Construction Management Problems within the Department"
Last Wednesday, the House Veterans' Affairs Committee met to address the continued mismanagement, delays, and cost overruns associated with major VA construction projects across the country.
The hearing focused largely on construction of the replacement Aurora, CO, VA Medical Center, where the Civilian Board of Contract Appeals recently found VA in breach of contract with its prime contracting vendor, creating a work stoppage on the project. VAs construction mismanagement problems are not limited to the Aurora VAMC, however. The Government Accountability Office has documented how construction projects in Aurora and other locations, including Las Vegas, New Orleans and Orlando, have been plagued by years long delays and cost overruns totaling nearly $1.5 billion. Without question, it's long past time for VA to correct the abysmal state of its major construction program.
To view my remarks and the January 21 hearing, click on the image below.
Click on the image above to view the January 21 House Committee on Veterans Affairs Hearing (start at 27:12).
Meeting with VA Secretary Bob McDonald
I met with Secretary McDonald last week to discuss the departments inability to properly schedule patient consults. VAs mismanagement of patient scheduling has jeopardized the health of veterans across the country. Secretary McDonald briefed me on the steps VA is taking to correct the problem. Our Nations veterans have served overseas in dangerous areas of the world. They should not have to fear for their health and safety while in the care of VA. I will continue to work closely with Secretary McDonald to ensure to remake VA into an organization truly worthy of veterans it is charged with serving.
Congressman Miller meeting with VA Secretary Bob McDonald
Meeting with Sergeant Thomas Block
I had the honor of meeting with Army Sergeant Thomas Block, the Army Times "2014 Soldier of the Year." Originally from Waseca, Minnesota, Sergeant Block was serving with 3rd Battalion, 75th Ranger Regiment when a suicide bomber detonated his device in close proximity to Sergeant Block and his unit. After undergoing multiple surgeries and learning to walk again, Sergeant Block continues to inspire all with his gallant service and unyielding strength and leadership.
I was humbled to visit with one our Nations best, and I thank him for his continued service and dedication.
Congressman Miller meeting with Sergeant Thomas Block
Meeting with Sean Ferritor, U.S. Veterans Hospice Committee
Sean Ferritor with the U.S. Veterans Hospice Committee stopped by my office last week to discuss the re-introduction of H.R. 294, the
Long-Term Care Veterans Choice Act , which I sponsored and introduced on January 13, 2015. Sean presented me with petitions his organization has been gathering from homeless veterans who are suffering from terminal illnesses. The hospice committee seeks to fund the establishment of a national network of hospices dedicated to caring for our homeless and ailing heroes. I appreciate the efforts of the U.S. Veterans Hospice Committee and their support for improving veterans care.
House Veterans' Affairs Committee Oversight Visit
Last week, I conducted an oversight visit to the VA Medical Center construction site in Denver, Colorado. Construction of the facility was halted last month after the United States Civilian Board of Contract Appeals determined VA was in breach of contract with its main contractor. The project, which was originally budgeted at $328 million, will now cost more than $1 billion due to VA mismanagement. This unacceptable situation is the result of years of egregious VA incompetence and occurred in spite of repeated attempts from this committee and members of Colorados congressional delegation to convince the Obama administration that the project was headed for disaster. To help turn the things around, VA has brought in the Army Corps of Engineers, one of the only federal entities with a successful construction track record, to oversee the project. That this project veered so far off course is an affront to veterans and taxpayers. Such waste and lack of accountability not only squanders limited funds and hard-earned taxpayer dollars, but also diverts those funds from care that could be provided directly to veterans.
Congressman Miller, along with Congressman Doug Lamborn (R-CO) and Congressman Mike Coffman (R-CO), visiting the Aurora VAMC site
MPAA American Sniper
What a humbling experience it was to be able to speak at the Motion Picture Association of America Screening of the film American Sniper. Over the course of four combat tours in Iraq, Chief Petty Officer (SEAL) Chris Kyle eliminated scores of enemy fighters who sought to kill our troops and innocent Iraqis. While this movie depicts a war hero, we should also acknowledge Chris actions at home in helping his comrades cope with the invisible wounds of war. Chris Kyle fought injustice and terrorism overseas, only to take up another fight at home: helping veterans transition to civilian life through his nonprofit organization FITCO Cares. I hope Chris story will galvanize the Nations interest in assisting our returning veterans. If we all follow his remarkable lead, imagine how much of a difference we can make in the lives of our returning heroes.
Congressman Miller speaking at MPAA screening of "American Sniper"
In the District
Upcoming Mobile Office Days in Bonifay and DeFuniak Springs, Wednesday-January 28
In order to better serve the needs of constituents who are not close to the Pensacola or Fort Walton Beach offices, special mobile office days modeled after veterans assistance days have been established to better serve our growing population in Northwest Florida. I am pleased to announce upcoming office hours that will be held this Wednesday, January 28. My staff will be available to answer questions about problems with federal agencies or other issues affecting the First Congressional District at the following locations and times: 10:00 a.m.
11:30 a.m. at the Holmes County Chamber of Commerce (106 East Byrd Avenue, Bonifay) and 2:00 p.m.
3:30 p.m. at the Walton County Chamber of Commerce (95 Circle Drive, DeFuniak Springs).
As always, I welcome your comments. To share your thoughts on legislation, votes or issues, please visit http://jeffmiller.house.gov/ to send an e-mail or call any of my offices.
Thanks,
Jeff
Click Here
to view this email in your browser
Click Here
to be removed from this list