DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.0 Transitional//EN" "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml1/DTD/xhtml1-transitional.dtd"
If you are having trouble reading this email,
please view the web version .
Thoughts on the State of the Union Address
Last fall, the American voters sent a clear message to President Obama and Congressional Democrats rejecting big government. Instead of looking for common ground with the new Congress, the President is doubling down with a whole host of proposals to increase the size and scope of the federal government. I think there are opportunities to get things done this year. The Presidents Precision Medicine Initiative sounds similar to 21st Century Cures initiative that Democrats and Republicans have been working together on since last year. Im going to continue leading my colleagues on the Health Subcommittee to guide a bill that can help patients get access to the latest treatments faster. I hope the President can work with us there. Read more of my thoughts in this weeks
OP-ED .
House Passes Bill to Stop Taxpayer Funding of Abortion
This week, the House passed the No Taxpayer Funding for Abortion Act, a bill we also passed in the last Congress. This measure establishes a permanent, government-wide prohibition on taxpayer subsidies for abortion. The bill also makes critical changes to Obamacare to prevent taxpayers from subsidizing insurance plans that cover abortion. This would apply the Hyde amendment to the new health care law. Consumers would also be able to know whether health plans in the Obamacare exchanges cover abortion, something that is currently hidden from most consumers. Maybe this year, important legislation to protect taxpayers conscience will actually be taken up in the Senate. To view my opening comments from the House floor,
CLICK HERE .
Health Subcommittee Looks at Critical Medicare Reform
A Health Subcommittee hearing I chaired this week discussed the need to reform the way we pay doctors working in Medicare. The Sustainable Growth Rate policy created by Congress years ago would cut reimbursement to doctors so greatly that many physicians may not be able to continue participating in Medicare. Congress has long-recognized that the so-called SGR could hurt access, so for over a decade now weve been passing temporary patches to prevent the policy from going into effect, legislation that has been known as the doc fix. Last year, we worked out a bipartisan bill to permanently replace the SGR. At this hearing we heard from some prominent Democrats including former Sen. Lieberman and former Clinton budget director Alice Rivlin, who support the proposal. The current patch expires in a couple months, and I think we have the chance to permanently fix this problem and move forward on real Medicare reform to strengthen and save the program for future generations. To read my opening statement,
CLICK HERE .
Op-ed of the Week: Bipartisanship Requires More than Words
At the end of the Wizard of Oz, Dorothy taps her feet three times while saying, Theres no place like home. She wakes up back in Kansas in her own bed. In dreams, mere words may be able to make something happen. Here in the real world and especially in politics, words arent enough to get things done.
READ MORE
Facebook
Podcast
Tell Joe Your Opinion
Issues
The 16th District
Ask Joe For Help
The Government
Legislation
Press
About Joe Pitts
Photo Gallery
Please feel free to
forward this email to your friends and family .
Recent Videos
The Tenth Amendment
Rep. Pitts reads the Tenth Amendment as part of the House reading of the U.S. Constitution.
Obamacare and the "Stupidity" of the American Voter
Rep. Pitts highlights remarks from an Obamacare architect who bragged about the law's lack of transparency.
Washington, D.C. Office
420 Cannon House Office Building
Washington, DC 20515
(1st Street and Independence Avenue)
202-225-2411
202-225-2013 (fax)
Chester County Office
Post Office Box 837
Unionville, PA 19375
(Routes 82 and 926)
610-444-4581
610-444-5750 (fax)
Lancaster Office
150 North Queen Street
Suite 716 (7th floor)
Lancaster, PA 17603
717-393-0667
717-393-0924 (fax)
Click Here Click Here