
If you are having trouble viewing this message or would like to
share it on a social network, you can
view the message online .
HOME
ABOUT RENEE
2ND DISTRICT
NEWSROOM
CONSTITUENT
SERVICES
LEGISLATION
CONTACT US
December 14, 2014
Picture of the Week:
This week, members of the
Republican Women's Policy Committee , which I chair,
posed for a group portrait. It is always so much fun when these
ladies are gathered in one room. We were able to give our best wishes to
Rep. Michele Bachmann, who is retiring, and Senator-elect Shelley Moore
Capito, as she is heading to the newly-elected and
Republican-controlled
Senate.
This past week
marked the conclusion of the 113th Congress. At the start of this
week, I was able to participate in a POLITICO Women Rule summit with
other female members of Congress. This past election cycle produced some
of the biggest gains the Republican party has ever seen -- particulary
in terms of women elected to Congress-- and so this Summit allowed
for us to discuss ways to continue encouraging women to run for public
office.
During this past week, Members of Congress voted on several pieces of
legislation, including one to keep the federal government open. While no
budget is perfect, this bill had a number of strong, conservative wins
including a fully-funded pay raise for our troops and cuts to
Obamacare, the IRS, and the EPA. Additionally, this legislation freezes
funding at the Department of Homeland Security and the U.S. Center for
Immigration Services, which are two of the primary agencies tasked with
carrying out Obamas executive orders on immigration. In freezing
funding at these agencies, we are ensuring they have no money necessary to
implement Obamas executive orders, which allows for us to directly
challenge the presidents unilateral action in the new Congress.
Click here
if youd
like to read my full statement on this
legislation.
In wrapping up this Congress, my
office in D.C. is getting ready to move to a new building. We'll now
be in Longworth House Office Building, room 1210,
so I hope that
you'll swing by to visit us if you are ever in the area. Enjoy your
time with your family as we get closer to the Holiday season, and
please contact my office if there is anything we can do for
you.
Politico's "Women Rule"
Summit:
I really enjoyed discussing
the role and need for more women in politics, and talking with other
members about how we can encourage women to run for public office. This
discussion was hosted by POLITICO and included Senator Susan Collins,
Senator-elect Shelley Moore Capito, Senator Jeanne Shaheen and Rep.
Debbie Wasserman Schultz.
My Interview with
Newsmax:
I had the opportunity to join Ed Berliner on Newsmax TV
to discuss the House's recent vote on the Omnibus Appropriations Bill.
Click here
or
on the image above to see my
interview.
The Snowball Express:
Members of
my district staff joined Santa and many others in the festive send-off
of the "Snowball Express" flight at the Fayetteville Regional Airport
this week. The Snowball Express is a trip sponsored by American
Airlines for family members of fallen U.S.
soldiers.
This year's Snowball Express left
Fayetteville for Fort Worth, Texas, where the family members are treated to a
fun-filled vacation. Many of this year's participants have gone on
previous Snowball Express trips and enjoyed seeing one another
again.
Video of the
Week:
This week, I managed House floor debate on the reauthorization of
the EARLY Act, which educates young women on the importance of early
detection to prevent breast cancer.
Click
here
or on the image above to watch the
video.
Washington, DC
426 Cannon HOB
Washington, DC
20515
Phone: (202) 225-4531
Fax: (202) 225-5662
Dunn NC
406 W. Broad Street
Dunn,
NC 28334
Phone: (910) 230-1910
Fax: (910) 230-1940
Asheboro,
NC
222 Sunset Avenue, Suite 101
Asheboro, North Carolina
27203
Phone: (336) 626-3060
Fax: (336) 629-7819
Toll Free in NC:
1-877-645-8764
Unsubscribe
|
Update My
Profile
|
Privacy
Policy
gateway mail
end 