
If you are having trouble viewing this message or would
like to share it on a social network, you can
view the message online .
HOME
ABOUT RENEE
2ND DISTRICT
NEWSROOM
CONSTITUENT
SERVICES
LEGISLATION
CONTACT US
January 25, 2015
Video of the Week:
This week, I had the honor
of speaking on behalf of H.R. 7 -- as it is conservative legislation
that advances the pro-life cause and guarantees that no taxpayer dollars
are spent funding abortion. I will continue to
This week started with a bang, as
President Obama attended a joint session of Congress to give his annual
State of the Union. This was the seventh time he has addressed the
American people and the seventh time we have all had to witness the same
empty promises.
The American people spoke very clearly in November they are ready for
us to work together and ready for the political gamesmanship to end.
Simply put, the presidents top-down approach to enacting policy isnt
real leadership, and it certainly isnt what the American people
deserve. I hope the president uses the final two years of his presidency
to show us that he is capable of putting down his pen and phone long
enough to reach across the aisle.
Click
here
to see my full response to his speech. I also had a
chance to talk to a reporter later that evening, so I hope you will
check out the
full interview I
gave here .
Also this week, I had the opportunity to introduce a
Human Trafficking
Bill .
This legislation would create a program for nursing and medical
schools to educate healthcare professionals so they can recognize signs
of human trafficking and intercede early-on. Oftentimes, members of
the medical community encounter these individuals while they are still
being trafficked; however, by training healthcare professionals and
equipping them with the right skills, we are enabling them to identify
hallmark signs of abuse and intervene quickly.
I look forward to continuing to work
on your priorities, and I want to thank you for the opportunity to be
your voice in Washington.
End
Trafficking:
To learn
more about the legislation I introduced to identify victims of human
trafficking,
click here or on
the picture above.
The Need for a Grid Infrastructure:
This week, I joined my colleague Rep. Jerry
McNerney from California and we wrote an op-ed discussing the need for
an updated electrical grid. A few paragraphs are posted below.
Click here to view
the op-ed in its entirety.
"Though our
grid has served us well, we've simply outgrown it. It's time to modernize
the grid so we can better provide reliable, efficient and cheaper
electricity while incorporating renewable sources to holistically tackle
our 21st century energy needs.
We've made some progress
over the past few years in modernizing the grid, but much more remains
to be done. The Department of Energy has succeeded in working with
the private sector to develop and implement new technologies that have
improved grid efficiency and reliability. This includes the innovation
of synchrophasors, which are devices making our grid "smart" -
reporting data about the health of the grid 30 times per second. This allows
for computers to manage power in real time and reroute it when
necessary in the case of a planned or unplanned power outage. Microgrids are
yet another example of this innovation, as they are smaller local
grids that can connect to a nationwide grid and also operate independently
if needed."
Share on Facebook Share on Twitter
Washington, DC
1210 Longworth HOB
Washington, DC 20515
Phone: (202)
225-4531
Fax: (202) 225-5662
Dunn NC
406 W. Broad Street
Dunn, NC 28334
Phone: (910) 230-1910
Fax: (910)
230-1940
Asheboro, NC
222 Sunset Avenue, Suite 101
Asheboro, North Carolina 27203
Phone: (336) 626-3060
Fax: (336)
629-7819
Toll Free in
NC:
1-877-645-8764
Unsubscribe
|
Update My Profile
|
Privacy Policy
gateway
mail end 