 to Speaker John Boehner (R-OH) and House Rules Committee Chairman Pete Sessions (R-TX) urging them to restore D.C.s previously authorized vote on the House floor in the Committee on the Whole (COW) for the 114th Congress.
Though both the U.S. District Court for the District of Columbia and the U.S. Court of Appeals for the District of Columbia Circuit have upheld the COW vote as constitutional under Article I of the U.S. Constitution, House Republicans havent allowed D.C. a vote in the COW since they regained the majority in the 112th Congress.
I appealed to both the Speaker and the Chairman in a number of ways, including one that should have resonance with themour desire for the vote as tax paying American citizens.
Protecting D.C.s Land at Walter Reed
The final fiscal year 2015 National Defense Authorization Act that was sent to the President last Monday contains the language I negotiated to protect the District of Columbia
and its 67 acres at the former Walter Reed Army Medical Center.
The language also contains another compromise I negotiated that enables an entity like Childrens National to get a state-of-the-art lab on the property if negotiations between the Army and State Department fail at Walter Reed.
Celebrating the Confirmation of All Ten of Our Judicial Recommendations
Last Tuesday night, the Senate confirmed
Amit Mehta, the last of my ten recommendations for District of Columbia federal district court judge.
Mehta will be the first Asian Pacific American judge on the U.S. District Court for the District of Columbia, and is currently a highly regarded partner in the law firm Zuckerman Spaeder LLP.
The Senate has now confirmed all ten of my judicial recommendations to President Obama, giving us an immensely talented bench and perhaps the most diverse district court in the nation.
I am grateful to Senate Judiciary Committee Chair Patrick Leahy (D-VT) and Senate Majority Leader Harry Reid (D-NV), whose strategy and stamina were critical to confirm the Presidents nominations.
White House Security Panel Report
The report released
by the U.S. Secret Service Protective Mission Panel to the Secretary of Homeland Security reflects some of the ideas we repeatedly urged following the infamous Omar Gonzalez jump over the White House fence.
The report recommended raising the height of the White House perimeter fence and curving it at the top, calling in outside leadership to run the agency, hiring more agents, and increased training time for agents.
While I am encouraged that the report addresses those issues, I am disappointed that it does not mention protecting the publics access to the White House.
So far, we have not seen action or proposals to reduce public access to the frontand I mean to keep it that way.
Democratic Support for More D.C. Bike Safety
I joined Representatives Rick Larsen (D-WA) and Peter DeFazio (D-OR) to ask the Government Accountability Office (GAO) to address the spike in pedestrian and bicyclist accidents and fatalities in recent years.
We sent a letter
to the Comptroller General, Gene Dodaro, with the hope that that GAO will help us gain insight into the trends and causes behind the accidents, and make recommendations on how to improve safety conditions.
D.C. has had its share of unfortunate bike accidents. Though deaths caused by motor vehicle accidents are declining in D.C., the ultimate goal is to make the roads in the District safer for bikers and pedestrians, too.
The President Takes First Steps to Normalize US-Cuba Relations
I released a statement
last Thursday on the Obama Administrations efforts to open discussions between the United States and Cuba.
Cubas willingness to participate in these exchanges may be due to the poor economic climate there, but isolating Cuba has done little to bring democracy and much to penalize the Cuban people.
An exchange that involves Alan Gross, a U.S. aid worker who had been imprisoned in Cuba for five years for bringing internet access to the Cuban Jewish community, was critical to this breakthrough.
Ironically, the U.S. and Cuba have now agreed to permit communications devices and telecommunications service into Cuba.
This could be the most important development for bringing more democracy to Cubans.
doctype html
Congresswoman Nortons e-Newsletter
December 22, 2014
Time to Stop Shutting D.C.s Vote Out of the Committee of the Whole
Last Tuesday,
I wrote a letter
to Speaker John Boehner (R-OH) and House Rules Committee Chairman Pete Sessions (R-TX) urging them to restore D.C.s previously authorized vote on the House floor in the Committee on the Whole (COW) for the 114 th
Congress.
Though both the U.S.
District Court for the District of Columbia and the U.S. Court of Appeals for the District of Columbia Circuit have upheld the COW vote as constitutional under Article I of the U.S. Constitution, House Republicans havent allowed D.C. a vote in the COW since
they regained the majority in the 112th Congress.
I appealed to both the Speaker and the Chairman in a number of ways, including one that should have resonance with themour desire for the vote as tax paying American citizens.
Protecting D.C.s Land at Walter Reed
The final fiscal year 2015 National Defense Authorization Act that was sent to the President last Monday contains the language I negotiated
to
protect the
District of Columbia
and its 67 acres at the former Walter Reed Army Medical Center.
The language also contains another compromise I negotiated that enables an entity like Childrens National to get a
state-of-the-art lab on the property if negotiations between the Army and State Department fail at Walter Reed.
Celebrating the Confirmation of All Ten of Our Judicial Recommendations
Last Tuesday night, the
Senate confirmed
Amit Mehta, the last of my ten recommendations for District of Columbia federal district court judge.
Mehta will be the first Asian Pacific American judge on the U.S. District Court for the District of Columbia, and is currently a highly regarded partner
in the law firm Zuckerman Spaeder LLP.
The Senate has now confirmed all ten of my judicial recommendations to President Obama, giving us an immensely talented bench and perhaps the most diverse district court in the nation.
I am grateful to Senate Judiciary
Committee Chair Patrick Leahy (D-VT) and Senate Majority Leader Harry Reid (D-NV), whose strategy and stamina were critical to confirm the Presidents nominations.
White House Security Panel Report
The
report released
by the U.S. Secret Service Protective Mission Panel to the Secretary of Homeland Security reflects some of the ideas we repeatedly urged following the infamous Omar Gonzalez jump over the White House fence.
The report recommended raising the height of the White House perimeter fence and curving it at the top, calling in outside leadership to run the agency, hiring more agents, and increased training time for agents.
While I am encouraged that the report addresses
those issues, I am disappointed that it does not mention protecting the publics access to the White House.
So far, we have not seen action or proposals to reduce public access to the frontand I mean to keep it that way.
Democratic Support for More D.C. Bike Safety
I joined Representatives Rick Larsen (D-WA) and Peter DeFazio (D-OR) to ask the Government Accountability Office (GAO) to address the spike in pedestrian and bicyclist
accidents and fatalities in recent years.
We
sent a letter
to the Comptroller General, Gene Dodaro, with the hope that that GAO will help us gain insight into the trends and causes behind the accidents, and make recommendations on how to improve safety conditions.
D.C. has had its share of unfortunate bike accidents. Though deaths caused by motor vehicle accidents are declining in D.C., the ultimate goal is to make the roads in the District safer for bikers and pedestrians, too.
The President Takes First Steps to Normalize US-Cuba Relations
I
released a statement
last Thursday on the Obama Administrations efforts to open discussions between the United States and Cuba.
Cubas willingness to participate in these exchanges may be due to the poor economic climate
there, but isolating Cuba has
done little to bring democracy and much to penalize the Cuban people.
An exchange that involves Alan Gross, a U.S. aid worker who had been imprisoned in Cuba for five years for bringing
internet access to the Cuban Jewish community, was critical to this breakthrough.
Ironically, the U.S. and Cuba have now agreed to permit communications devices and telecommunications service into Cuba.
This could be the most important development for bringing
more democracy to Cubans.
Thanks for subscribing!
Follow Congresswoman Norton on
Facebook ,
Twitter ,
Instagram ,
YouTube , or her
website
for more updates.
Capitol Hill Office
2136 Rayburn HOB
Washington, D.C. 20515
Phone: (202) 225-8050
Fax: (202) 225-3002
S.E. District Office
2041 Martin Luther King Jr. Ave., S.E.
Washington, D.C. 20020
Phone: (202) 678-8900
Fax: (202) 678-8844
Main District Office
90 K Street, N.E., Suite 100
Washington DC 20001
Phone: (202) 408-9041
Fax: (202) 408-9048
To unsubscribe from our list, please click here .
