
HUGE news: Just minutes ago, the Supreme Court announced that it will decide whether ALL 50 STATES must legalize marriage equality.
Friend -- HUGE news: Just minutes ago, the Supreme Court announced that it will decide whether ALL 50 STATES must legalize marriage equality.
This could be one of the most important civil rights rulings in our country&rsquo;s history!
Add your name: Tell the Supreme Court to extend marriage equality to all Americans. Let&rsquo;s get one million Democrats to sign on!
In the last few years, courts in state after state have struck down bans on marriage equality. But so far the Supreme Court hasn&rsquo;t addressed the critical issue of whether marriage equality must be the law in EVERY state.
But today, the Justices announced that they will take up the question of nationwide marriage equality this spring!
Will you sign on? Tell the Supreme Court that it&rsquo;s time for marriage equality to be the law of the land.
Thank you,
DSCC Breaking News
P.S.
Pitch in to help defeat Republicans who oppose marriage equality.
Democratic Senatorial Campaign Committee
P.O. Box 96047
Washington, DC 20090
Paid for by the Democratic Senatorial Campaign Committee, dscc.org,
and not authorized by any candidate or candidate&#39;s committee.
The DSCC is the only organization solely dedicated to supporting Democrats in the U.S. Senate. This message was sent to dj724530@gmail.com because you are a part of the DSCC&rsquo;s grassroots network. Please add us to your address book or approved senders list to make sure you keep receiving DSCC updates.
Emails are a critical way for us to stay in touch with our grassroots supporters. 99% of the DSCC&rsquo;s contributions come from grassroots donors giving less than $200. We also strive to keep you updated on issues related to the Democratic Party&rsquo;s values.
If you&rsquo;d like to stop receiving emails related to this campaign, please
click here .
If you&#39;d like to make a contribution to support us, please
click here . We are already beginning to prepare for the fight ahead &ndash; reclaiming the majority in 2016. It will take every single grassroots supporter, but we know it&rsquo;s possible with your help. If you&rsquo;d like to stop receiving all emails from the DSCC, please
unsubscribe . We greatly appreciate your continued support.
Contributions or gifts to the DSCC are not tax deductible.
