Copyright (c) 1996-2015 Constant Contact. All rights reserved.
Except as permitted under a separate
written agreement with Constant Contact, neither the Constant Contact software, nor any content that appears on any Constant Contact site,
including but not limited to, web pages, newsletters, or templates may be reproduced, republished, repurposed, or distributed without the
prior written permission of Constant Contact.
For inquiries regarding reproduction or distribution of any Constant Contact material, please
contact legal@constantcontact.com.
Mike Kelly's Weekly E-Newsletter
January 10, 2015
Follow me on Twitter!
Visit my YouTube page!
Click here to subscribe to my weekly
E-newsletter
My Offices
ERIE DISTRICT OFFICE 208 E. Bayfront Parkway Suite 102 Erie, PA 16507 Phone: (814) 454-8190 Fax: (814) 454-8197
BUTLER DISTRICT OFFICE
101 East Diamond St Suite 218 Butler, PA
16001 Phone: (724) 282-2557
Fax: (724) 282-3682
SHARON DISTRICT OFFICE
33 Chestnut Street Sharon, PA
16146 Phone: (724) 342-7170 Fax: (724) 342-7242
WASHINGTON, DC OFFICE
1519 Longworth HOB Washington, DC 20515 Phone: (202) 225-5406 Fax: (202) 225-3103
CRAWFORD COUNTY OFFICE Every Wednesday 9:00 a.m. - 4:00 p.m. 908 Diamond Park Meadville, PA 16335
ARMSTRONG COUNTY OFFICE
Every Thursday 9:00 a.m. - 4:00 p.m. 300 South McKean Street Kittanning, PA 16201
LAWRENCE COUNTY
Every Friday 9:00 a.m. - 4: 00 p.m. Lawrence County Courthouse 430 Court Street New Castle, PA
16101
Dear Friend,
This past week I was overwhelmingly honored to begin my third
term in the House of Representatives, and am sincerely grateful to each
of the Third District residents who sent me there.
As the 114th Congress gets underway, I believe our nation is entering an era of restoration.
Going forward,
week after week, through bill after bill, the president will have the
opportunity to support commonsense solutions from a unified
Congress that Americans want and deserve.
Our work began this week, and the newsletter below will expand on this. On a separate front, yesterday was the first-ever National Law Enforcement Appreciation Day. I extend my heartfelt thanks, appreciation, and support to every man and woman in law enforcement who nobly protects our communities and serves their fellow citizens. Donning a police officer's uniform is no easy task -- as recent months have made all too clear -- and those who do deserve the greatest possible gratitude of every single American. Day after day, week after week, year after year, they bravely put their lives on the line so that the rest of us may freely live our lives in peace and safety. The rule of law is the foundation of every civilized society on Earth-those that uphold it, flourish; those that denigrate it, fail. The United States of America remains the strongest and greatest nation on Earth because of our reverence not just for law and order but particularly for the selfless citizens behind the badge who defend it.
Police officers are our friends, our neighbors, our sons, our daughters, fathers, mothers, and so much more. To all of our law enforcers in Western Pennsylvania and across our great country: I join all grateful Americans in saluting you. God bless you always, and may He continue to bless the communities and country that you help protect.
Sincerely,
Rep. Kelly Discusses the Year Ahead on
KD/PG Sunday Edition
WATCH HERE
On December 21, 2014, Rep. Kelly joined
KD/PG Sunday Edition
in Pittsburgh to discuss current events with KDKA host John Delano and Pittsburgh Post-Gazette executive editor David Shribman.
Rep. Kell y Sworn-in
for Third Term in House
Joins Ways & Means Subcommittee on Select Revenue Measures
Co-sponsors Hire More Heroes Act on first day of 114th Congress
Rep. Kelly
issued the following statement on Tuesday after being inaugurated as Representative of the Third Congressional District of Pennsylvania for the 114th Congress. Rep. Kelly first took office in 2011 and currently serves on the House Ways and Means Committee. He will join the
Subcommittee on Select Revenue Measures , in addition to his current assignments on the Oversight and Social Security subcommittees. Rep. Kelly is an original co-sponsor of H.R. 22,
the Hire More Heroes Act of 2015 , bipartisan legislation which passed the House of Representatives unanimously earlier this week.
"I am overwhelmingly honored to begin my third term in the House of Representatives and am sincerely grateful to each of the Third District residents who sent me here. As with my first two terms in office, all of my work in Congress will be guided by my constituents' strongly held values, concerns, and priorities. My job is to bring Western Pennsylvania's voice to Washington, and never the other way around.
"As we enter the 114th Congress, I believe the nation is entering an era of restoration. The American people once again have a legislative branch that will put their priorities first and actually get things done. Our most important task remains helping to rebuild a dynamic and robust economy with new, family-sustaining jobs. That work begins today with bipartisan legislation to encourage businesses to hire more veterans and support those who have served in uniform from the harmful consequences of Obamacare. Going forward, week after week, through bill after bill, President Obama will have the opportunity to support such commonsense solutions from a unified Congress that Americans want and deserve.
"As we embark on this new period of governing, I am particularly excited to join the subcommittee on Select Revenue Measures, which has the primary subcommittee jurisdiction over examinations of our nation's tax policy before the Ways and Means Committee. I look forward to working with Chairman Ryan and the rest of my colleagues as we pave the way for pro-growth tax reform that will finally make our tax code fairer and simpler for all Americans."
Rep. Kell y Champions
Save American Workers Act
on House Floor
House passes bipartisan bill co-sponsored by Rep. Kelly to repeal Obamacare's job-killing 30-hour work week rule
WATCH HERE
Rep. Kelly
-- a member of the House Ways and Means Committee -- delivered remarks on the floor of the House of Representatives on Wednesday in support of H.R. 30,
the Save American Workers Act , of which he is an original co-sponsor. The bipartisan legislation would repeal the 30-hour definition of "full-time employment" in the employer mandate of the Affordable Care Act (Obamacare) and restore the traditional 40-hour definition. The House passed the bill that afternoon by a bipartisan vote of 252-172.
Highlights of Rep. Kelly's floor remarks:
"This is America's Congress. This is not a Republican Congress. This is not a Democrat Congress. It's America's Congress.
"Who have you hurt the most with this policy?
Women, lower-income, and middle-income people have suffered greatly.
How do I know that? Because I'm actually in the job market! I've actually hired people! I know the dignity of labor and I know the harm that is being done by this '[Affordable] Care Act' that is totally unaffordable and uncaring.
"We don't have to dismantle [Obamacare]. It's falling apart on its own. And in fact it's so bad that the president won't even enforce the full law until after an election. Please tell me politics didn't have anything to do with that.
"Let's do what's right for the American people for a change and quit trying to posture upon some kind of a political stance that is just based on fantasy."
Rep. Kelly Votes to Build the Keystone XL Pipeline
Yesterday,
Rep. Kelly issued the following statement in support of H.R. 3,
the Keystone XL Pipeline Act , which will authorize the construction, connection, operation, and maintenance of the Keystone XL Pipeline. The bill was passed by the House of Representatives yesterday afternoon by a bipartisan vote of 266-153.
"America's new Congress hears America loud and clear: It is long past time to finally approve the construction of the Keystone XL Pipeline. It will create 42,000 American jobs, help our economy, and strengthen our allies. The majority of the American people want it. It's supported by Democrats and Republicans, businesses and labor organizations, leaders like former presidents Bill Clinton and George W. Bush, and newspapers across our nation from
The Washington Post
to
USA TODAY . As the editorial board of USA TODAY
rightly put it , "On the merits, the Obama administration should long ago have said yes. ... But the White House seems to have been paralyzed by its fear of angering ally Canada if it says no or infuriating Democratic environmentalists if it says yes.' Now that the Nebraska Supreme Court has
cleared the way
for the pipeline's construction, the time for excuses and delay has run out. After the Senate follows our lead and passes today's bill, President Obama must do the right thing and stand with America by approving it."
WEEKLY PHOTO
Rep. Kelly with his family and Speaker John Boehner (R-OH) after being sworn-in for his third term in the House of Representatives on Tuesday
Forward this email This email was sent to dj724530@gmail.com by
thomas.qualtere@mail.house.gov
|
Update Profile/Email Address
|
Rapid removal with
SafeUnsubscribe &trade;
|
Privacy Policy . The Office of Representative Mike Kelly
|
1519 Longworth House Office Building
|
Washington
|
DC
|
20515
