DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.0 Transitional//EN" "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml1/DTD/xhtml1-transitional.dtd"
Share on:
News Brief
Message from Dave
Dear Friends,
The first few weeks have already been extremely packed. We heard the
Presidents State of the Union Address , held two different Ways and Means hearings to examine issues well be addressing this year such as tax reform and working towards high-standard, comprehensive free trade agreements to give American workers access to markets abroad. These are also topics we discussed at the Ways and Means retreat this week as well as health care, and helping people move out of poverty as we grow the economy. Weve passed legislation to reduce burdens on American workers, secure Americas energy independence, and send a message to the president that
border security and working together on immigration reform must be a top priority .
I also had the opportunity to hold a Law Enforcement roundtable in Issaquah, with chiefs of police and sheriffs from agencies across the 8 th
District. We discussed ways to keep our law enforcement officers safe and for our communities to be partners with law enforcement instead of adversaries. These were sentiments I also shared on the House floor this past Tuesday when I organized an hour for my colleagues to share their support for the men and women who sacrifice so much to keep us safe.
There is a lot of work to do this Congress and I look forward to hearing your thoughts and meeting with you all to work towards solutions that will strengthen and increase the prosperity of our country.
Sincerely,
Dave
From the
NEWSROOM
Click above to watch Rep. Reichert's opening statement during the special order hour honoring the men and women in law enforcement.
Click above to learn more about the ABLE Act if you or someone you know has a disability.
Other News:
- Washington House Delegation Makes Friendly Super Bowl Wager with Massachusetts Delegation
Website
|
Privacy
|
Contact
|
Multimedia
|
Newsroom
|
Click Here Click Here