DOCTYPE html PUBLIC '-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.0 Transitional//EN' 'http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml1/DTD/xhtml1-transitional.dtd'
Congressional Report
january
20 , 2015
SERVING THE 34TH DISTRICT OF TEXAS
Share
Dear Friends,
The 114th Congress is off to a good start. Ive been busy advocating for South Texas, addressing the issues that affect our community: immigration, agriculture, violence in Mexico, and veterans healthcare.
In partnership with U.S. Representative Rubn Hinojosa (D-Mercedes), I have urged Veterans Affairs Secretary (VA) Robert A. McDonald to visit South Texas to see first-hand the difficulties veterans face in accessing
healthcare and earned benefits. We hope he will accept our invitation and visit the Rio Grande Valley soon.
Through Brownsville Mayor Tony Martinez, I filed an amicus "friend of the court" brief supporting the Presidents executive action on immigration. Executive action is helping more than 4 million undocumented immigrants, who meet strict requirements, become part of society while legally working and contributing to this country.
In Congress, I have sought positions on committees which have responsibilities for issues and legislation of importance to South Texas. Several days ago, House of Representatives leaders appointed me as the Ranking Democratic Member to the House of Representatives Homeland Security Committee Subcommittee on Border and Maritime Security. Through this subcommittee assignment, Ill have direct influence on our national border policy.
I would also like to thank South Texans for their endless support. I am humbled and excited for this opportunity. I am also thankful for the support of my wife, Rose, and thankful to those that place their trust in me. I invite everyone to continue subscribing to this e-newsletter to know whats happening in the 114th Congress.
Congressman Filemon Vela is joined by his wife, Rose, as he is sworn in as a member of
the 114th Congress.
vela to lead democrats on border and Maritime security policy panel
Congressman Filemon Vela questions a witness during a Homeland Security Committee hearing.
Recently, I was named Ranking Member of the House of Representatives Homeland Security Committee Subcommittee on Border and Maritime Security. As the top Democrat on the panel, I will
help set the tone and agenda of the Subcommittee, which has jurisdiction over border and maritime issues as they relate to the U.S. Department of Homeland Security.
In this new leadership position, I will have additional opportunities to advocate for South Texas and the entire border region. I will continue my efforts to address violence in Mexico and to ensure that our land and water ports of entry have the infrastructure, staffing and resources they need to ensure the safe and efficient flow of legal goods and travelers. As the 114th Congress convenes, border policy and homeland security remain critical national issues, and I look forward to having an expanded role as important decisions are made in Washington.
ADDRESSING VIOLENCE IN MEXICO
In advance of meetings with Mexican President Enrique Pea Nieto earlier this month, I wrote a letter to Vice President Joe Biden, who led the joint high-level economic talks. I urged the White House to stress the need for security in Mexican northern border states.
Trade and commerce fuel our cross-border economy, but rising violence and crime in Mexican states that border the U.S., like Tamaulipas, threaten both nations. We must work with Mexico to reduce trafficking and criminal activity, to see that the rule of law is fully integrated into their society, and to promote socioeconomic initiatives that will improve the quality of life for all Mexicans.
Read the full text of the letter here:
http://goo.gl/ZQLkE
friend of the court brief in support of the president's executive action on immigration
In early January, I asked Brownsville Mayor, Tony Martinez, to file an amicus friend of the court brief in federal court on my behalf, supporting recent actions taken by President Barack Obama regarding the countrys immigration policies.
Over the past two years, Congress has failed to pass comprehensive immigration reform. The President acted to mitigate Congress inability to pass this needed legislation. I will continue to fight for comprehensive immigration reform that will move the South Texas economy forward, keep our families together, and bring common sense to immigration policy.
Read the full text of the amicus brief here:
http://goo.gl/s8FO8a
Veterans affairs Secretary Robert A. mcdonald invited to south texas
American Legion Post 43 Commander Raul Leal stands at attention at a veterans summit during the playing of the National Anthem in Brownsville, Texas.
U.S. Representative Rubn Hinojosa (D-Mercedes) and I sent a letter to Veterans Affairs Secretary Robert A. McDonald inviting him to South Texas to meet with veterans and tour a VA healthcare facilities in the Rio Grande Valley.
South Texas is home to more than 95,000 veterans who continue to experience difficulties in accessing healthcare and benefits. It is critical that VA Secretary McDonald visit the Rio Grande Valley so he can observe how our veterans are being served and what more must be done to fulfill our obligation to care for veterans and their families.
Read the full text of the letter here:
http://goo.gl/iZrNDr
VELA VISITS SOUTH TEXAS STUDENTS
Congressman Vela speaks with students in South Texas
On Friday, I visited students, staff and community members at two schools in the Brownsville Independent School District .
I read to a group of first graders at Villa Nueva Elementary in Brownsville, Texas. After reading to the first graders, I headed down the hall to speak with fifth graders about my role as a federal representative and how government works for them. I then visited students at Porter High School in Brownsville, Texas. There I took questions from seniors, discussed college opportunities and internships, and briefed them on the issues South Texas and 114th Congress face.
It was an honor to meet so many talented students and teachers on Friday. Seeing and experiencing the dedication to education from teachers and the willingness to learn by students gives me the confidence to say South Texas future is bright. To all the students and teachers, thanks for having me over. I truly enjoyed it!
In closing, I want to thank South Texans for placing their trust in me to represent the 34th District of Texas. I will work hard for you, continue to fight to bring investment to South Texas, and always side with common sense solutions to issues that affect South Texas. Its been a busy start to the year, but there is still more to do. Keep an eye out for the next e-newsletter to remain up-to-date on what I am doing for South Texans. Thanks for reading and allowing me the honor of being your U.S. Representat ive.
Sincerely,
Congressman Filemon Vela
Rep. Vela in the News
Congresman Vela speaks with news reporter
Click to see recent news reports
Social Media
To keep up with news and developments from the 34th District of Texas and Capitol Hill, follow Congressman Vela online.
Focus on the District
34th District
Help with a Federal Agency
Request a Flag
Tour Requests
TEXAS OFFICES
WASHINGTON DC OFFICE
Alice Office
500 East Main
Alice, TX 78332
Phone: (956) 544-8352
Brownsville Office
333 Ebony Avenue
Brownsville, TX 78520
Phone: (956) 544-8352
San Benito Office
1390 W. Expressway 83
San Benito, TX 78586
Phone: (956) 544-8352
437 Canon HOB
Washington, DC 20515
phone: 202-225-9901
Unsubscribe
-
Privacy Policy
Click Here Click Here