
If you are having trouble viewing this message or would like
to share it on a social network, you can
view the message online .
Website
News Center
Constituent Services
Issues
About the District
About
Me
Contact Us
December 17, 2014
Lipinskis Bill Requiring National Strategic Plan
for Manufacturing Becomes Law; Will Boost American Manufacturing and
Jobs
Congressman Dan Lipinskis (IL-3) bipartisan
legislation to boost domestic manufacturing and American jobs by
requiring a National Strategic Plan for Manufacturing became law this
week.
The bill requires that at least every four years the President
works with public and private stakeholders to produce and publish a plan
to promote American manufacturing.
In addition, every year the
Presidents budget blueprint will have to contain an explanation of how
it promotes the most recent manufacturing strategy.
The bill,
which has passed the House three times over the past five years, was
included in legislation that was attached to the spending bill that
passed Congress last week and is being signed into law by the
President.
"From my days
growing up near Midway Airport, I have understood how important
manufacturing is to good middle-class jobs, to strong communities, and to
Americas defense," said Rep. Lipinski.
"Since I have been in
Congress I have been relentlessly working to bring Washington around to
understanding this also, and to producing policies that promote
American manufacturing.
This bipartisan bill guarantees that Washington
has to pay attention to what can be done to help manufacturers and
workers.
Getting this provision into law can really make a
difference by leading to economic growth, increased American security, and
more middle class jobs that pay hard-working Americans a family
wage."
More information on this
important bill can be found
here .
Lipinski and Roskam Lead Successful Effort to Protect Local Economy and
Environment
U.S. Reps. Dan Lipinski (IL-3) and Peter
Roskam (IL-6) have succeeded in blocking an attempt to add language to the
annual federal spending bill
known this year as the cromnibus
that would have crippled the economically vital Illinois waterways
system and put our environment at risk.
Some members of the House had
been working on including construction authorization for physical
barriers that would restrict barge traffic at the Brandon Road Lock &amp;
Dam near Joliet and along the Chicago Area Waterways System.
If
approved, this would have had a disastrous impact on the current and
future potential of the area waterways system, which currently moves
100 million tons of goods worth nearly $28 billion each year, and would
have undermined the environmental reviews contained in the bipartisan
Water Resources Reform and Development Act signed into law this
year.
But after Lipinski and Roskam led 15 of their colleagues in a
bipartisan letter to Speaker Boehner, the final language of the report
accompanying the bill specifically forbids the installation of
infrastructure that would effectively close the waterway
a process formally
known as hydrologic separation that involves constructing physical
barriers.
"There is no question that we must continue to fight the spread of Asian
carp and other invasive species," said Rep. Lipinski.
"Unfortunately, some of our colleagues had proposed installing physical barriers
that would have effectively closed the Illinois Waterways, and would
have done so by circumventing congressional debate, proper project
review, and the necessary environmental reviews for this project.
But Congress responded to our concerns and included language that
clearly states that the issue would need to be fully analyzed by the Corps
of Engineers and that no funding has been provided in this bill for
hydrologic separation."
For the rest of the story, read
this article
in the
SouthtownStar .
Lipinskis
Cybersecurity Enhancement Act Passes Congress and Heads to the Presidents
Desk
Critical bipartisan legislation introduced by
Congressmen Dan Lipinski (IL-3) and Michael McCaul (TX-10) that will
increase the security of federal networks and information systems,
improve the transfer of cybersecurity technologies to the marketplace,
train a cybersecurity workforce, and coordinate and prioritize federal
cybersecurity research and development efforts has passed Congress and
now awaits the Presidents signature.
"Since I first introduced this bill in 2010, cyber
threats have gotten much worse," said Rep. Lipinski.
"Every day,
we wake up to reports of more cyber attacks in this country and
around the world.
In the United States, these attacks have the
potential to destroy our military and economic security.
American
workers have lost jobs and businesses have been damaged because of cyber
espionage, and thats why it has been a priority of mine for years to
get this bill onto the Presidents desk to help America thwart cyber
attacks."
For more on
whats in the legislation, click
here .
Washington, D.C.
Office
2346 Rayburn H.O.B.
Washington, DC 20515
P
(202) 225 - 5701 |
P (866) 822 - 5701
F (202) 225 - 1012
Chicago
Office
6245 South
Archer Avenue
Chicago, IL
60638
P (312) 886 -
0481
F (773) 767 - 9395
Oak Lawn Office
5309
West 95th Street
Oak Lawn,
IL 60453
P (708) 424 -
0853
F (708) 424 - 1855
Lockport
Office
Central
Square Building
222 E.
9th Street #109
Lockport,
IL 60441
P (815)
838-1990
F (815) 838-1993
Orland
Park Office
Orland Park Village Hall
14700 S.
Ravinia Avenue
Orland Park, IL 60462
P (708) 403-4379
F (708) 403-5963
Unsubscribe
|
Update My Profile
|
Privacy Policy
gateway mail end
