
If you are
having trouble viewing this message or would like to share it on a
social network, you can
view the message online .
Unsubscribe
Update My Profile
Jose E. Serrano, Representing the 15th Congressional District in
the Bronx
Website
|
Biography
|
Services
|
Press Releases
|
Issues
|
Legislation
|
Contact
December 12, 2014
On Capitol
Hill
Congressman Serrano Meets with Members of 1199
SEIU
On Wednesday, Congressman Serrano had the pleasure of meeting with
community members from 1199 SEIU.
"I was glad to voice my
support for the work that they are doing to bring attention to issues
regarding our health care industry. The union is resisting cuts to
Medicare, Medicaid and other vital health programs that would adversely
impact our communities. I support the union workers of my district in
fighting against these cuts," said Congressman Serrano.
In New York City
Governor
Cuomos Announcement of Funding to Expand College
Access
On Monday, Governor Andrew M. Cuomo announced that $3.2 million
in federal funding has been awarded to organizations across New York
state through the College Access Challenge Grant Program. The funding
will help increase college enrollment of low-income students. More
information on the funding can be found
here .
Under this program, New Settlement Apartments (The Crenulated
Company, Ltd.) in the Bronx will be receiving $124,740 to provide college
assistance to low-income students, and help match them with potential
schools.
Additionally, Kingsbridge Heights Community Center
in the Bronx will be receiving $162,535to help them with their
middle-school college preparedness program. Both programs will provide
intensive college preparedness and college application
counseling.
Congressman Serrano applauded the funding:
Oftentimes,
promising students from disadvantaged backgrounds cant reach the
next academic level simply because they dont have access to the
information, counseling, and resources they need to apply to college. We have
to invest in these students to help them reach their full potential.
The funds announced today by Governor Cuomo will help thousands of New
York City students, including students from the Bronx, access greater
academic opportunities and successfully graduate from college, said
Congressman Jos E. Serrano.
Grant
Announcement
Student Program for
Environmental Excellence in Design
(SPEED)
Deadline: February 22, 2015
The Environmental
Protection Agency has made funding available for the Student
Program for Environmental Excellence in Design (SPEED), which aims to
increase students awareness and understanding of the environmental benefits
associated with increased fuel efficiency, reduced carbon intensity
in transportation fuels, and reduced emissions in advanced vehicles.
Through SPEED, graduate-level students and senior-level undergraduate
students in the science, technology, and engineering disciplines would
be provided opportunities, and financial support to collaborate with
EPA staff at the EPAs National Vehicle and Fuel Emissions Laboratory
(NVFEL) in Ann Arbor, Michigan. Students would also obtain research
training on-site at the NVFEL. All non-profit organizations, local
governments, colleges, universities, and hospitals are encouraged to
apply.
Please follow this link for the full grant announcement
http://www.grants.gov/web/grants/view-opportunity.html?oppId=270026 .
For more information about federal grants
please visit
http://www.grants.gov .
CONTACT INFORMATION
WASHINGTON
OFFICE
2227 Rayburn House Office Building
Washington, D.C.
20515-3216
Phone: (202) 225-4361
Fax: (202) 225-6001
BRONX OFFICE
1231 Lafayette Avenue, 4th
Floor
The Bronx, NY
10474
Phone: (718) 620-0084
Fax: (718)
620-0658
Contact
Jose Serrano by E-mail:
CLICK HERE
Update My Profile
-
Unsubscribe
-
Privacy Policy
