 Mail begin
If you are having trouble viewing this message or would like to
share it on a social network, you can
view the message online .
HTML
Tweet of the Week
|
Videos of the Week
|
Statements &amp; Speeches
Tweet of the Week
Videos of the
Week
On NBC: Ros-Lehtinen Will
Continue Defending Human Rights, Ban Or No Ban
Ros-Lehtinen Controls the Debate On Legislation Sanctioning the
Maduro Regime in Venezuela
Ros-Lehtinen Promises To
Continue Advocating For
Those Fighting To Advance
Human Rights And Democracy in Cuba
The US Must Stand With Human Rights Leaders in Venezuela , Says Ros Lehtinen
Ros-Lehtinen: It Is Unjust That Maduro Regime Uses The Judiciary To Attack Maria
Corina Machado
On the Rundown with
Jose Diaz-Balart, Ros-Lehtinen Says We Must Use Tougher Sanctions
Against Iran
Statements and Speeches
Nicaragua Bans Marco Rubio, Ileana
Ros-Lehtinen From Travel Over Venezuela
Sanctions
" It's a badge of honor to be banned by a thug like Ortega. These
authoritarian heads of state like Ortega, Maduro and the Castro
brothers like to intimidate those who disagree with them and they use their
power randomly and ruthlessly, " Ros-Lehtinen said in a
statement Saturday morning. " I'm not worried about being banned in
Nicaragua. What frightens me is the erosion of fundamental human rights
throughout our hemisphere. I'm proud of the law that Marco, Bob and I
wrote that penalizes human rights violators in Venezuela and we'll
work to place violators on that list, ban or no
ban. "
( Miami Herald )
Congress Approves Legislation
to Sanction Human Rights Violators in
Venezuela
It is fitting and appropriate that today, International
Human Rights Day, the House of Representatives sends to President Obama
this important legislation that sanctions officials of the Venezuelan
regime accused of committing human rights abuses. Id like to thank
Senators Menendez and Rubio for working with me to garner Congressional
approval for legislation that seeks to deny visas of human right
violators, freeze their assets and block their properties in the United
States. Congress has acted in a unified and bipartisan manner to send a
clear and unequivocal message that the we will not continue tolerate
impunity of violations of human rights in Venezuela and we support the
calls of democracy and freedom by the people of
Venezuela."
( Link to
release )
Congress Delivers Condemnation of Hamas Despicable Use of Human Shields,
Stand United in Support of Israels Right to Defend Itself With
Passage of Ros-Lehtinen, Deutch
Resolution
Today, the United States Congress stood resolved in condemnation of
the despicable actions of the terrorist group, Hamas, and its use of
children, women and men as human shields. While Israel went to
extraordinary lengths this summer in Gaza to protect innocent civilian lives,
Hamas placed the Palestinian people directly in harms way by using
them as human shields and placing its rockets near densely populated
areas and near schools, hospitals and mosques. We cannot allow the false
moral equivalency between Israel and Hamas to be used by those who
seek to delegitimize Israel. It is time for other responsible nations to
join the U.S. in condemning Hamas terror and urging the Palestinian
leadership to get serious about negotiating peace with
Israel.
( Link to
release )
Ros-Lehtinen, Deutch, Poe, and Sherman Lead Bipartisan
Letter to Treasury Department Seeking Action Against Hamas Supporters In
Turkey and Qatar
Its no secret that Turkey
and Qatar provide refuge to many Hamas operatives, and that both of
these supposed American allies have become major terror financial hubs.
While the Treasury Department has taken significant action against
Hamas and its supporters, more can be done to halt support for this
terrorist group. Both Turkey and Qatar have thus far been extremely lax in
enforcing their terror financing laws and taking action against U.S.
designated individuals or entities. By going after those individuals
and entities tied to support for Hamas, Treasury can send a strong
message to both governments that they need to get on board and sanction
entities that are supporting terrorism or risk further isolation from
America and our financial sector.
( Link to release )
Stakes are Even Higher in
Afghanistan than Iraq; We Cannot Allow Taliban to Reestablish a Terrorist Safe
Haven in Afghanistan, Says
Ros-Lehtinen
This is the third and final hearing this session in a series of hearings
these two subcommittees have had aimed at examining the way forward
in Afghanistan and Pakistan after the US withdrawal. In addition, the
Middle East and North Africa subcommittee has held hearings on how our
counternarcotics efforts will be impacted by the withdrawal, and on
our relief and reconstruction efforts in Afghanistan and what needs to
be done to address the waste, fraud and abuse that the Special
Investigator General for Afghanistan Reconstruction (SIGAR) and the U.S.
Government Accountability Office (GAO) have found over the
years."
( Link to
release )
House Clears Venezuela Sanctions
Bill
Rep. Ileana Ros-Lehtinen (R-Fla.), the bill's
author, said Venezuela President Nicolas Maduro's regime should face
consequences for suppressing protests.
" The people of
Venezuela have been crying out for help, " Ros-Lehtinen said.
" Today, Congress speaks in a unified and bipartisan
voice. "
( The Hill )
Week in
Photos
Rep.
Ros-Lehtinen met with Iranian human rights leaders to discuss the
challenges faced by groups advancing democracy in Iran.
Tell a Friend
E-mail:
E-mail:
E-mail:
Share on Twitter Share on Facebook Share on
Digg Share on
LinkedIn
Washington, DC Office
2206 Rayburn
HOB | Washington, DC 20515
Phone: (202) 225-3931 | Fax:
(202) 225-5620
Miami Office
4960 SW 72 Ave, Suite 208
|
Miami, FL 33155
Phone: (305) 668-2285 |
Fax: (305) 668-5970
Unsubscribe
|
Update My Profile
gateway mail end
