
Miller Newsletter
December 21, 2014
In the News
U.S. Foreign Policy : Cuba
Last week, President Obama announced a disturbing shift in U.S. policy towards Cuba, a one party communist state with an appalling human rights record and a complete disregard for democracy.
Since the early 1960s, the United States has maintained a strict economic embargo.
This embargo has been strengthened several times by Congress, most recently by the
Cuban Liberty and Democratic Solidarity Act of 1996 .
This bill, which was enacted following Cuba's shooting down of two U.S. civilian planes in February 1996, increased the pressure on Cuba, while also providing for a plan to normalize relations if, and only if, Cuba meets a series of steps and begins a true transition to democracy.
Unfortunately, President Obama has, once again, ignored Congress and unilaterally decided to stretch his executive power and begin the process of normalizing relations with Cuba.
According to news reports, the Administration plans to open an embassy in the Cuban capital of Havana, as well as ease restrictions on travel for a number of reasons, including family visits and professional, educational and religious activities.
In addition, the President announced that he plans to ease banking restrictions, allowing the use of American debit and credit cards in Cuba and permitting American travelers to bring back up $400 worth of goods from Cuba.
I have serious concerns that the Presidents actions will embolden and strengthen the already iron-clad grip of the Castro brothers and the communist party in Cuba.
Additionally, the announcement of an easing of sanctions came on the heels of a prisoner swap in which three Cuban spies, incarcerated on espionage charges in federal prison here in the U.S., were transferred for one U.S. intelligence asset who was imprisoned in Cuba.
Alan Gross, a civilian contractor with USAID also imprisoned in Cuba for the supposed crime of helping bring internet access to the small Jewish Cuban community, was also released on humanitarian grounds.
While we always welcome the return of Americans falsely jailed in despotic countries, the easing of sanctions, coming after a prisoner swap that is being greeted in Cuba as a massive victory for the Castro regime, sends a dangerous message to hostile actors that the way to achieve concessions from the U.S. is to falsely imprison American citizens and then use them as a bargaining chip in future negotiations.
It is no wonder, then, that Yoani Sanchez, perhaps the most prominent Cuban dissident currently living in Cuba, wrote of the prisoner swap agreement that Castroism has won.
While a full lifting of the embargo, which I do not support, requires Congressional action, the President has essentially given the Castro regime every concession that they could possible hope for, short of a full lifting of the embargo from Congress.
While the President touted that the Castro regime has agreed to release some political prisoners and allow greater access to the internet for Cubans, Cuban President Raul Castro announced four years ago that all political prisoners were to be freed.
Unsurprisingly, he has failed to uphold that promise, and I sincerely doubt that he intends to make any moves towards democracy and freedom for the Cuban people.
I fear that the Presidents steps will provide the Castros with the lifeline they desperately need to hold on to power in the face of changing geopolitical winds.
General Bernardo de Galvez Bestowed Honorary American Citizenship
I am pleased to announce that last week the President signed into law a bill I authored to grant Honorary American Citizenship to General Bernardo de Galvez, a Spanish native who played an integral role fighting against the British during the American Revolutionary War.
General Galvez had an enormous impact on American history, and his legacy is particularly important to Northwest Florida, where he defeated the British at the famous two-month long Siege of Pensacola.
I want to thank all of those in Northwest Florida who have worked tirelessly to promote the history of General Galvez, as well as my colleagues in Congress who worked with me to pass this bill through the House and Senate.
General Galvez has now become just the eighth person ever to be granted Honorary American Citizenship, joining a distinguished list which includes other Revolutionary War heroes like the Marquis de Lafayette and General Casimir Pulaski, as well as famous historical figures like Sir Winston Churchill and Mother Teresa.
Miller Media Clips
To read some recent press clips highlighting my work on behalf of Florida's First Congressional District and our Nations veterans and servicemembers, visit the following links:
Inspector General: VA Made False Statements About Care Delays
VA misled Congress and the press, audit finds; report echoes agency credibility problems identified by AJC investigation
House lawmakers call for OFPP to issue reverse auction guidance
Rogers stood up for those in the shadows who defend America
House Passes Veterans Mental Health Bill, Senate Yet To Act
VA gives no bid deal to company in contract steering probe
Major messup: How the VA gave Congress and the media false information
Report: VA misled Congress and media
Inspector General: VA issued false statements
New Treasury procurement chief steered contracts to friends while at VA
Doctor says 'sham peer review' used to destroy his career after pointing out VA problems
Washington Update
113th Congress Comes to a Close
In the Second Session of the 113th Congress, the Republican-led House of Representatives continued to advanced a robust legislative agenda based on the conservative principles of limited government, individual liberty, and personal responsibility that serve as the foundation for this great Nation.
Whether promoting economic growth, reining in the excessive regulations that are hampering our economy and making it difficult for businesses to grow and hire new employees, cutting spending, supporting a strong national defense, maintaining stringent oversight of the executive branch, protecting the American people from Obamacare, or working to bring accountability and transparency to all federal agencies, especially VA, I have been proud to stand with my colleagues on many occasions and defend the conservative values that my constituents elected me to uphold.
Looking ahead to the 114th Congress, I will remain committed to advancing conservative solutions to address the problems that hard-working Northwest Floridians are most concerned about.
There is no question that we must take swift action to address the Presidents absurd and troubling executive amnesty, pass legislation supporting our Nations businesses and job creators to help get Americans back to work and our economy back in high gear, repeal and replace Obamacare, continue to support our Nations servicemembers and veterans, and work diligently to finally bring fiscal responsibility back to Washington.
With a change in leadership in the Senate, I am confident that both Houses of Congress will come together to stand up for conservatism and push back on big government expansion and overreach.
Veterans Corner
House Committee on Veterans Affairs Wraps Up Successful 113th Congress
The 113th Congress was a banner one for the House Committee on Veterans Affairs (HVAC). This Congress, the committee held more than 80 hearings, 13 field hearings and 10 Markups, which have resulted in seven bills that have been enacted into law. With very little cooperation from the Department of Veterans Affairs or the Obama Administration, HVACs oversight work helped bring VAs delays in care, data manipulation and accountability crises to the forefront of the national debate. The scandal, which was first made public at an April 9 HVAC hearing, set in motion a cascade of events that resulted in the confirmation of a new VA secretary and culminated with the passage of one of the most significant pieces of VA reform legislation in history.
As part of the House and Senate Veterans Affairs Conference Committee, HVAC members drafted and passed the
Veterans Access, Choice and Accountability Act . This monumental, bipartisan legislative achievement gets veterans off of waiting lists, gives veterans a real choice in their health care decisions, brings much-needed accountability to VAs senior executive corps and starts a larger conversation about how we can reform the department so it will better serve veterans for generations to come.
The tremendous work done by the committee this Congress did not stop with health care reforms, however. We also helped decrease the costs for many veterans using GI Bill benefits. We will continue to build on our success over the past two years as we head into 2015 and the 114th Congress. Remaking VA into an organization truly worthy of the veterans it is charged with serving will require carefully targeted legislative efforts, vigorous oversight and countless hours of hard work. As Chairman of the House Committee on Veterans Affairs, I welcome the challenge and the opportunity to do right by our Nations heroes.
In the District
28th Annual Holiday on the Harbor Lighted Boat Parade
On December 14, Vicki and I were delighted to attend the 28th Annual Holiday on the Harbor Lighted Boat sponsored by the Destin History and Fishing Museum Parade, where I also enjoyed participating as a judge. Boats of all shapes and sizes could be seen lit up and festively decorated along the Destin Harbor, creating a beautiful sight for all during this special season. Vicki and I would like to congratulate Swoop II, for claiming first place for the 6th year in a row.
Photo from https://www.facebook.com/SwoopPartyBoatDestin?fref=ts
Marcus Pointe Baptist Church Spirit of Christmas Celebration
Vicki and I were honored to attend Pensacolas Marcus Pointe Baptist Church Spirit of Christmas Service and Celebration, where we had the opportunity to hear Nik Wallenda tell his inspiring and powerful story. As a member of the Flying Wallendas, Nick became the first person to ever cross Niagara Falls and the Grand Canyon on a high wire. During these feats, Nick can be seen on national television, praising God and crediting his resounding faith for his success. He is truly an inspiration to all.
I would like to thank Pastor Godfrey and Marcus Pointe Baptist for putting together this event and for the reminder that Christmas is most importantly about celebrating our faith in the Lord.
Christmas Message
In just a few short days, families across the country, and throughout the world, will gather to celebrate Christmas.
The Christmas season is a joyous time for so many, but it also provides an opportunity to ask the Lord for guidance and give thanks for the many blessings He bestows upon us.
As we share in the Christmas cheer with our families, we should also reflect on the true reason for the seasonthe birth of Jesus Christ.
As we read in Isaiah 9:6 For unto us a child is born, unto us a son is given: and the government shall be upon his shoulder: and his name shall be called Wonderful, Counsellor, The mighty God, The everlasting Father, The Prince of Peace.
We are all blessed to live in a country where we have the right to openly and joyously practice the religion of our choosing because of the First Amendment protections enshrined in our Constitution.
In this, and so many other ways, the United States of America has been especially blessed.
May the Lord continue to bless the United States in the coming year and for centuries to come, and I wish you and your family a Happy Holidays, Happy Hanukkah, and of course a Merry Christmas!
Jeff
Click Here
to view this email in your browser
Click Here
to be removed from this list