
If you&rsquo;re anything like us, you are a big fan of Michelle Obama. Will you join us in wishing her a happy birthday?
Friend -- If you&rsquo;re anything like us, you are a big fan of Michelle Obama.
Will you join us in wishing her a happy birthday?
We just love Michelle, from her initiatives to help military families and promote healthy eating, to her steadfast support of her daughters and husband.
And we want to show her -- with a birthday card signed by 100,000 committed Democrats!
Will you be one of them? Sign to wish Michelle a happy birthday!
Thanks!
Team DSCC
P.S. Michelle&rsquo;s actual birthday is on Saturday -- so this is just between us for now, ok?
Democratic Senatorial Campaign Committee
P.O. Box 96047
Washington, DC 20090
Paid for by the Democratic Senatorial Campaign Committee, dscc.org,
and not authorized by any candidate or candidate&#39;s committee.
The DSCC is the only organization solely dedicated to supporting Democrats in the U.S. Senate. This message was sent to dj724530@gmail.com because you are a part of the DSCC&rsquo;s grassroots network. Please add us to your address book or approved senders list to make sure you keep receiving DSCC updates.
Emails are a critical way for us to stay in touch with our grassroots supporters. 99% of the DSCC&rsquo;s contributions come from grassroots donors giving less than $200. We also strive to keep you updated on issues related to the Democratic Party&rsquo;s values.
If you&rsquo;d like to stop receiving emails related to this campaign, please
click here .
If you&#39;d like to make a contribution to support us, please
click here . We are already beginning to prepare for the fight ahead &ndash; reclaiming the majority in 2016. It will take every single grassroots supporter, but we know it&rsquo;s possible with your help. If you&rsquo;d like to stop receiving all emails from the DSCC, please
unsubscribe . We greatly appreciate your continued support.
Contributions or gifts to the DSCC are not tax deductible.
