DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.0 Transitional//EN" "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml1/DTD/xhtml1-transitional.dtd"
January 30, 2015
Click here
if you have trouble viewing this email
Midwinter Report
Dear Friend,
I hope youre doing well as we close out this cold and snowy month. As I do every few weeks, I wanted to take a few moments to share my views on some important national issues and update you on our legislative priorities.
The drop in fuel costs couldnt come at a better time for American families, especially those of us who live in rural areas and do a good deal of driving. According to the Energy Department, the average household could see savings of $750 this year thanks to lower gas prices. This trend makes a huge difference, of course, as we pay our bills and try to save for the future. And it lowers the cost of doing business for our farmers, manufacturers, and shippers and the myriad small businesses of the 19th District. Its critical that our nation continue efforts to bolster domestic energy supplies and transmission capabilities while developing cleaner technologies that reduce dependence on fossil fuel.
My staff and I are working hard to support economic growth in our region, and for that reason I am very pleased to announce my appointment to the
House Small Business Committee
for the 114th Congress. This is an extraordinary opportunity to continue my advocacy for lowering energy and healthcare costs, expanding rural broadband, improving infrastructure, and supporting recovery efforts in communities hit hard by disasters like Hurricane Irene. I am also honored to continue my service during these next two years on the House Agriculture and Armed Services Committees.
In legislative news this month, the House passed legislation I co-sponsored called the
Clay Hunt Suicide Prevention for American Veterans Act , which increases access to mental health care by creating a peer support and community outreach program to assist transitioning servicemen and women. We are duty-bound to expand suicide prevention efforts within the VA and Department of Defense, and I expect this bill to be signed into law soon. My wife Mary Jo, a licensed clinical social worker, is also involved in this effort as co-chair of the Congressional Spouses for Suicide Prevention and Education. In addition, on Saturday, February 14, Mary Jo will be speaking at a free workshop for women called Love the Life You Live. If you have the opportunity, I encourage you to attend this special session.
We are also working to improve conditions in our nations classrooms, where the focus has turned in large part from teaching to testing. A bipartisan bill I authored called the
Student Testing Improvement &amp; Accountability Act
empowers state and local school systems by reducing the frequency of federally-mandated assessments in U.S. schools. This was a bill I led last Congress, and we reintroduced this legislation January 21, the same day a Senate committee held a hearing focused on federal testing requirements under the Elementary and Secondary Education Act. I am confident we have the momentum to get serious consideration of this legislation in this Congress.
A bill of critical importance to the farming community, the
Waters of the United States Regulatory Overreach Protection Act
of 2015, was also introduced in recent days with my full support. This legislation prevents the EPA and Army Corps of Engineers from implementing a proposed rule that changes the definition of navigable waters and creates needless regulatory burdens on people who work the land.
Finally this month,
I am pleased to report the House passed a series of bills
I co-sponsored to combat the sickening and unfortunately prevalent practice of human trafficking. The Congressional Research Service states that more than 17,000 people, including hundreds of exploited children, are trafficked into the U.S. each year. Human trafficking is a form of slavery. The bills passed this week strengthen anti-trafficking laws, provide services to victims, train law enforcement agencies, and protect our most vulnerable neighbors.
This weekend, Im looking forward to meeting with the members of the Delaware Valley Agricultural Society and the Federation of Dutchess County Fish &amp; Game Clubs. These are great opportunities to hear how my office can be helpful. If you need assistance with the federal government, please feel free to contact me in Kinderhook, Hyde Park, Kingston, Liberty, Delhi, or Cooperstown. Have a good weekend!
Sincerely,
Chris Gibson
Member of Congress
IN THE NEWS
Mid Hudson News:
Gibson calls for sweeping reforms: economy, education, foreign policy
US News &amp; World Report:
Test Case: Lawmakers Look to Revamp No Child Left Behind
Register Star:
County funding plan to expand broadband
WAMC:
Congressional Corner With Chris Gibson
WRGB:
SOTU coverage
Time Warner Cable News:
Veterans Find Support During Annual Ski Trip at Windham Mountain
ON THE HILL
How can we help you?
CONNECT
RSS Feeds
Facebook
Youtube
Twitter
Click Here Click Here