
If you are
having trouble viewing this message or would like to share it on a
social network, you can
view the message online .
HOME
ABOUT
STEVE
SERVICES
3RD DISTRICT
ISSUES &amp; LEGISLATION
NEWSROOM
January 16, 2015
CALLING ALL
INTERNS!
My office is currently seeking
highly motivated college students to serve as interns in my Washington,
D.C. office, as well as my district offices in Rogers, Fort Smith,
and Harrison, for the following sessions:
Summer Session I:
May 25, 2015 - July 3, 2015
Summer Session II: July 6, 2015 -
August 7, 2015
A
Congressional internship is a rewarding experience, and both Washington,
D.C. and district office interns will work closely with my staff and
constituents while learning the inner workings of the United States
Congress and about issues affecting Arkansans. I encourage those
interested in political science, government, public policy, business, and
social work to apply.
Internship requirements and application materials are
available
on my
website . For more information, please call (202)
225-4301.
ICYMI: MORE BILL
INTRODUCTIONS
Last week, I introduced H.R.
176, the Local Organization Cooperative Agreement for Land and Facility
Maintenance Act of 2015 (LOCAL Act).
In September 2013, after successful
joint-management program operation since 2009, the U.S. Army Corps of
Engineers (USACE) determined that it no longer had the statutory authority
to continue with the cooperative oversight of recreational facilities
across the country, upon recognizing a gap in its legislative
authorities. At the time of the USACE determination, ten such agreements
existed nationally
including agreements with the Friends of Lake
Ouachita and the Ozarks Rivers Heritage Foundation, which were
successfully maintaining facilities across the state of Arkansas
and another
twenty were in formation. In the Third District, a partnership
agreement for Beaver Lake had been signed just months before the
joint-management program was discontinued.
The LOCAL Act of 2015 returns this crucial ability
to the USACE, allowing trusted and transparent local, non-profit
organizations to construct, operate, and maintain recreational facilities
at certain lakes and reservoirs through partnerships with the USACE.
Those of us who call the Natural State home take pride in Arkansans
local land management abilities. These partnerships existed to
assist in water infrastructure maintenance without spending new federal
dollars; restoring them is an important step in not only leveraging
limited federal funding, but also utilizing the experience of the people
who live and work in each community to secure lasting recreational
opportunities.
The
final text of the bill can be found
here .
I also reintroduced the ENERGY STAR Regulatory
Improvement Act (H.R. 175) to address the Department of Energys (DOEs)
final rule (published March 7, 2011) that imposed blanket third-party
certification requirements for all products applying for participation in
the Environmental Protection Agencys (EPA) ENERGY STAR program.
Unfortunately, the rule disregarded successful and existing industry
programs and has increased the regulatory burden on manufacturers, as well
as the cost of testing for manufacturers
especially the consumer
electronics industry
and the federal government.
Specifically, H.R. 175 would allow
electronics manufacturers to earn their way out of the EPAs burdensome
requirement with a demonstrated track record of compliance and will further
serve the conservative goal of eliminating burdensome regulation and
red tape. The highly-touted ENERGY STAR brand, which American taxpayers
and businesses have spent a good deal of money to build, should not
have to serve as another example of overzealous bureaucracy. By
approaching this process in a commonsense manner, we can allow companies
who might otherwise be put off by certification hurdles to join the
ENERGY STAR label and get their products to market faster at the same
time.
The final text
of the bill can be found
here .
WEEK IN
REVIEW
This
week, I received my committee appointments for the 114th Congress and am
excited to announce that in addition to continuing to serve on the
House
Appropriations
Defense ,
Financial
Services and General Government , and
Labor, Health and Human Services, Education,
and Related Agencies
Subcommittees, I also
received an appointment to serve on the
House Committee on the
Budget !
Since coming to Congress and
being put on the House Appropriations Committee in 2011, I have been
on the front line in the fight for responsible discretionary spending.
I look forward to continuing this important work as member of
Appropriations. But Americas spending problem is driven by our mandatory
spending, and I am honored to also receive an appointment to the Budget
Committee and have the opportunity to comprehensively address our
nations out-of-control spending and $18 trillion debt.
On Tuesday, the House
passed
H.R.
185 , the Regulatory Accountability Act of 2015, by a vote of
250-175. H.R. 185 amends the Administrative Procedure Act (APA) to
reform the process by which federal agencies analyze and formulate new
regulations and guidance documents. Moreover, H.R. 185 codifies
key rule-making principles contained in a number of Executive Orders
issued by Presidents for the past thirty years, making them
judicially enforceable. These principles require federal agencies to consider:
the legal authority for the rule, whether the rule warrants new
regulations, whether the problem could be addressed by repealing or
modifying existing regulations, potential alternatives to adopting new
regulations, and the potential costs and benefits associated with each
alternative. H.R. 185 also improves the process for notice-and-comment
rule-making and generally requires agencies to issue the least costly
alternative rule that achieves relevant statutory objectives.
On
Wednesday, the House passed
H.R.
240 , the Department of Homeland Security
Appropriations Act of 2015, which provides $39.7 billion in discretionary
funding for the Department of Homeland Security (DHS), prioritizes the
security of our border and counterterrorism efforts, and protects us from
threats at home and abroad. Notably, H.R. 240 as passed includes five
amendments which address the Presidents recent executive action on
immigration by narrowly focusing on defunding these unconstitutional,
illegal executive actions in their entirety.
These unilateral actions on immigration
were an attempt to legislate from the Oval Office, and the President
overstepped his constitutional enumerated powers. In December, House
Republicans made a promise to the American people to stop this blatant
overreach when reinforcement arrived in the Senate, and I applaud the
passage of this bill, which makes good on that promise with careful
cuts and tough policy changes. The full text of the bill can be found
here , and
additional information on the amendments can be found
here .
To round out the
week, the House passed
H.R. 37 ,
the
Promoting Job Creation
and Reducing Small Business Burdens Act, by a vote of 271-154. H.R. 37
contains 11 bipartisan regulatory relief bills targeted toward small
businesses that were passed by the House during the 113th Congress,
including H.R. 801 as Title III, the Holding Company Registration
Threshold Equalization Act of 2013. Last year, I introduced this bill along
with Representatives Jim Himes (CT-4), John Delaney (MD-6), and Ann
Wagner (MO-2), and it passed the House on January 14, 2014, by a vote of
417-4. The legislation extends to savings and loan holding companies
the shareholder registration thresholds that the Jumpstart Our Business
Startups (JOBS) Act established for banks and bank holding
companies.
Savings and loan
institutions should be afforded the same flexibility bank and bank holding
companies have to ensure that they too can deploy capital throughout the
communities they serve, and I applaud the passage of both H.R. 37 and
the Holding Company Registration Threshold Equalization Act. I am
hopeful that in this new Congress, this legislation will be signed
into law, successfully resolving this problem once and for
all.
The text of H.R. 801
(Title III) can be found
here , and a full section-by-section summary of the
bill, provided by the Financial Services Committee,
can be found
here .
To close out this weeks
edition of From the Front Id like to give a special shout out to
the West Point Cadet Leadership Team, who I got to show around the
United States Capitol this week! What an impressive group. I am extremely
grateful for their service and have no doubt they will continue it as
leaders within our military.
Next week, in addition to suspensions, the House will
consider the Natural Gas Pipeline Permitting Reform Act (H.R. 161) and
the Pain-Capable Unborn Child Protection Act (H.R.
36).
From the Front...
Congressman Steve Womack
Arkansas Third
District
Washington, DC
1119
Longworth HOB |
Washington, DC 20515
|
(202) 225-4301 tel |
(202) 225-5713 fax
Fort Smith
423 North 6th Street
Fort Smith, AR 72902
(479) 424-1146
tel
(479) 424-2737
fax
Harrison
303 N. Main Street,
Suite 102
Harrison, AR 72601
(870) 741-6900
tel
(870) 741-7741
fax
Rogers Office
3333 Pinnacle Hills,
Suite 120
Rogers,
AR 72758
(479) 464-0446 tel (479) 464-0063
fax
Unsubscribe
|
Update My
Profile
|
Privacy Policy
gateway mail end
