
Your membership is going to expire at midnight tomorrow, and you only have 36 more hours to renew it for 2015!
Friend -- Your membership is going to expire at midnight tomorrow, and you only have 36 more hours to renew it for 2015!
We&rsquo;re starting at zero after this last election, and in order to bounce back and go on offense we need your urgent help.
Senate Republicans are already threatening OUTRAGEOUS votes to roll back abortion rights and repeal Obamacare.
You can&rsquo;t wait a single moment to fight back. We MUST take the momentum back immediately.
Membership Status:
expiring 12/31/14
2015 Membership Rate:
$5
(renew membership now)
Our critical end-of-year deadline hits in 36 hours. Will you become a 2015 member with a contribution?
The sooner you become a member, the more we&rsquo;ll be able to do with your gift. You can&rsquo;t wait until later to become a member -- it&rsquo;s critical that you act now.
We need every cent to hold Republicans accountable for their attacks on President Obama and Democrats.
President Obama and Democrats really appreciate all you&rsquo;re doing to help!
Thanks for your support,
DSCC HQ
Democratic Senatorial Campaign Committee
P.O. Box 96047
Washington, DC 20090
Paid for by the Democratic Senatorial Campaign Committee, dscc.org,
and not authorized by any candidate or candidate&#39;s committee.
The DSCC is the only organization solely dedicated to supporting Democrats in the U.S. Senate. This message was sent to dj724530@gmail.com because you are a part of the DSCC&rsquo;s grassroots network. Please add us to your address book or approved senders list to make sure you keep receiving DSCC updates.
Emails are a critical way for us to stay in touch with our grassroots supporters. 99% of the DSCC&rsquo;s contributions come from grassroots donors giving less than $200. We also strive to keep you updated on issues related to the Democratic Party&rsquo;s values.
If you&rsquo;d like to stop receiving emails related to this campaign, please
click here .
If you&#39;d like to make a contribution to support us, please
click here . We are already beginning to prepare for the fight ahead &ndash; reclaiming the majority in 2016. It will take every single grassroots supporter, but we know it&rsquo;s possible with your help. If you&rsquo;d like to stop receiving all emails from the DSCC, please
unsubscribe . We greatly appreciate your continued support.
Contributions or gifts to the DSCC are not tax deductible.
