DOCTYPE html
January 25, 2015
Congressman McHenry Weekly Update
Busy Day in Hickory
I began this past week by spending the day in Hickory.
My first stop of the day was a tour of the historic Lyerly Full Fashioned Mill.
The mill is listed on the National Register of Historic Places and is the only surviving two-story hosiery mill dating to the early 1900s.
Supply chain management firm Transportation Insight is currently restoring the mill to its original state to serve as part of their new corporate campus in Hickory.
During the visit I toured the mill and was updated on the renovations progress.
Following the mill visit, I headed to the campus of Lenoir-Rhyne University where I met with Dr. Wayne Powell, LRU's President.
After sitting down with Dr. Powell I toured Grace Chapel, the school's beautiful new on campus chapel led by Pastor Andrew Weisner.
My next stop at Lenoir-Rhyne was the school's recently launched Commercial and Social Entrepreneurship Center.
There I learned about this new small business incubator and met with the head of the program, Dr. Ralph Griffith.
My final stop of the day was at the Olde Hickory Brewery.
As a vice chair of the House Small Brewer's Caucus, I like to stay updated on the growth of the brewing community in Western NC.
At Olde Hickory I had the pleasure of touring their brewing facility with brew master Steven Lyerly.
For additional photos from my day in Hickory, be sure to like my
Facebook page
and follow me on both
Twitter
and
Instagram .
State of the Union Reaction
Tuesday evening President Obama came to Capitol Hill to deliver his annual State of the Union address.
I had hoped to hear a speech committing to working with the new Republican majority in Congress to find bipartisan agreement and compromise.
Instead we heard President Obama double down on the same failed policies that have not worked for the last six years and led to the largest Republican majority in the House since 1929.
Below is my full statement on President Obama's speech:
Additionally, I was troubled by President Obama's failure to even mention the threat posed by Iran and radical Islam.
After the recent Paris attacks this is something of great concern to many Western North Carolinians, myself included.
It is with that in mind that I applaud Speaker Boehner's decision to
invite Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu
to address a joint session of Congress on those subjects in March.
Defending the Unborn
This past Thursday marked the 42nd anniversary of the Supreme Court's tragic decision in Roe vs. Wade.
In recognition of the anniversary the House of Representatives debated and passed
H.R. 7, the No Taxpayer Funding for Abortion Act , on Thursday.
This critical legislation blocks all federal funds for abortion.
You can see my full statement on the vote
here .
After Thursday's vote I had the pleasure of meeting a youth group from St. Aloysius Catholic Church in Hickory who had traveled to Washington for the annual March for Life, held that morning.
It was great to speak with these young men and women committed to defending the unborn and standing for pro-life principles.
What I Have Been Reading
Remembering Dr. Martin Luther King Jr.
Billy Graham Evangelistic Association
Monday I joined with Americans across the country in
recognizing Martin Luther King Jr. Day .
As I prepared my statement for Monday, I happened across the story above about Reverend Billy Graham's interactions with Dr. King.
It was fascinating to learn about the mutual respect shared between these two hugely impactful men of faith.
Hunter Huss honors a legend with "Sylvia Rhyne Hatchell Court"
The Gaston Gazette
Gastonia native Sylvia Hatchell has been one of the most successful coaches in the history of women's college basketball and it was great to see her recognized by her alma mater Hunter Huss High School as their basketball court was named in her honor.
Coach Hatchell has been a tremendous role model for her players over the years and its wonderful to see her back coaching after her fight with leukemia.
McHenry: Keep scaling back Dodd-Frank
Lincoln Times-News
After being named Vice Chairman of the House Financial Services Committee I spoke with Michael Gebelein from the Lincoln Times-News about the committee's priorities for the next two years.
Read the story above to learn more about our plans to continue to unwind the onerous, job-killing regulations of Dodd-Frank and help expand access to credit for American consumers.
WASHINGTON, D.C. OFFICE
2334 Rayburn HOB
Washington, D.C. 20515
Telephone: 202.225.2576
Fax: 202.225.0316
HICKORY DISTRICT OFFICE
87 4th St. NW, Ste A, PO Box 1830
Hickory, NC 28603
Telephone: 828.327.6100
Toll-Free in NC: 800.477.2576
Fax: 828.327.8311
GASTONIA DISTRICT OFFICE
Suite 115
Gaston Co. Administrative Bldg
128 West Main Avenue
Gastonia, NC 28053
Telephone: 704.833.0096
BLACK MTN. DISTRICT OFFICE
160 Midland Avenue
Black Mountain, NC 28711
Telephone: 828.669.0600
Click Here Click Here