
If you are having trouble viewing this
message or would like to share it on a social network, you can
view the message online .
About Lynn
|
Constituent Services
|
Issues
|
Media Center
|
Legislative
Center
|
Georgia's Third District
|
Contact Me
February 01, 2015
Benghazi Committee Holds Hearing on Administrations Lack
of Transparency, Accountability, and
Timeliness
Today, the House Select Committee on Benghazi held its first
open hearing of the 114th Congress on the lack of transparency,
accountability, and timeliness by the Obama Administration. The Select
Committee has recently received 15,000 pages of new, relevant Benghazi
documents that were previously requested by other committees, such as House
Oversight and Government Reform Committee, and have never been seen by
Congress.
The stonewalling
by the Executive Branch on this investigation and this committee must
stop. And because of their inability and refusal to turn over all the
documents related to the investigation, we are being forced to focus
on the process of document requests versus the actual events that
occurred the night of the attack in Benghazi that resulted in the death of
four Americans. The withholding, excessive redactions, and delayed
responses by the State Department, CIA, and other agencies is
unacceptable and stalls the opportunity for this committee to produce a fair and
complete report of this
investigation.
Excuse after excuse has been made by this administration as to
why the Select and other Congressional committees have not received
all the documents and facts from their agencies. Well, the State
Departments production of 15,000 new pages of information relevant to the
attack proves the necessity of the Select Committee and this
investigation, and that we are on the right track towards getting answers.
However; the large amount of redactions in these documents hinder the
process of finding the truth and slow down the progress of the committee.
The responsibility of this committee is to use ALL information available
to produce a report and I look forward to the agencies in question
producing all relevant documents so that this committee can do its job
and we can prevent an attack like Benghazi from happening
again.
Congressman Westmoreland hopes the
focus of the investigation will return to obtaining all the documents and
all the facts in a timely manner so the Select Committee on Benghazi
can produce a complete report to the American
people.
Please click the following links to watch my
questioning of the CIA and State Department witnesses:
Part One
and
Part
Two .
Share on
Facebook
Share on
Twitter
Capitol Corner: Israeli Prime Minister
Netanyahu to Address
Congress
During President Obamas sixth State of the Union speech he stated
new sanctions passed by this Congress, at this moment in time, will
all but guarantee that diplomacy fails. This is just another example
of how Americas international presence has diminished under the Obama
administration and how out of touch he is with our foreign policy.
The president claims that negotiations with Iran are going well
and we should give it more time to develop rather than slapping on
economic sanctions. However, Republicans are not going to sit idly by and
watch the president make a bad deal with Iran. In giving Iran more
time and by not monitoring and sanctioning their country, we give them
opportunities to continue developing their nuclear program
a huge
threat to Americans national security. I believe that Congress must pass
an Iran Sanctions
bill.
Following the State of the Union, House Speaker John Boehner took it
upon himself to invite Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu of Israel to
address a joint session of Congress in the coming months. Although the
White House may disagree, I value Netanyahus perspective on the
threats that Iran poses to not only to the Middle East, but to the entire
world. Netanyahu has warned of Irans security threat in the Middle East
for years and has been a strong supporter of the economic sanctions
placed on Iran by
Congress.
As a member of the House of Representatives, I will continue
to support strengthening sanctions and doing anything necessary to
prevent a nuclear Iran. Israel is our greatest ally in the Middle East,
and we must continue to stand with them and strengthen the alliance
between our two nations.
Share on
Facebook
Share on Twitter
Join the Conversation
Tell a Friend
E-mail:
In Other News
Laying
Down the L.A.W. Blog: House Votes to Expedite Natural Gas
Permits
On January 21, 2015, the US House of
Representatives passed H.R. 161, the Natural Gas Pipeline Permitting Reform Act.
Congressman Westmoreland has consistently called for increased
domestic energy production during his time in Congress and is proud to show
his support by voting in favor of this bill...
Laying Down the L.A.W. Blog: House Combats
Human Trafficking
Human trafficking is one of the
most corrosive and exploitative practices in the world. It is estimated
that between 600,000 and 800,000 people are trafficked across
international borders each year, many of which are minors trafficked for
commercial sexual exploitation...
The New York Times: Senate Approves Keystone XL Pipeline Bill,
Testing Obama
The Senate passed a bill on Thursday to
force approval of the Keystone XL oil pipeline, which President Obama
is certain to veto in his first official clash with the new
Republican-majority Congress...
The Wall
Street Journal: U.S. Economic Growth Slows to 2.6% in Final Months of
2014
U.S. economic growth retreated to a modest
pace in the final months of 2014, underscoring obstacles facing the
recovery as troubles mount abroad..
WASHINGTON, DC OFFICE 2202 Rayburn House Office
Bldg Washington, DC 20515 Phone (202) 225-5901 Fax (202) 225-2515
THIRD DISTRICT OFFICE
1601-B East Highway 34 Newnan, Georgia
30265 Phone (770) 683-2033 Fax (770) 683-2042
Unsubscribe
|
Update My Profile
|
Privacy
Policy
