
If you are having trouble viewing this message or would
like to share it on a social network, you can
view the message online .
Home
|
About
|
How Can I
Help?
|
Media
|
Issues
|
The 6th District
We must renew our commitment to the war against
radical jihadists
Dear
Friends:
Recent attacks
that shock the conscience, from Paris to Nigeria, are a reminder of the
threat our nation and our values face from radical jihadists. Our
enemies seek nothing less than the destruction of the modern world,
viciously slaughtering anyone who gets in their way. From the terrorists who
murdered journalists at Charlie Hebdo to the animals of Boko Haram who
killed 2,000 mostly women, children and elderly Nigerians, the threat
of radical jihadists must not be
underestimated.
The enemies we face have no code
of conduct. They abide by no rules of engagement. Their only goal is
the utter destruction of modern society, so that they may create a
global caliphate where criticism is punishable by death and girls are not
allowed to go to school.
The enemy we face must be wiped from the
planet.
They cannot be
negotiated with, nor can they be bartered with, as President Obama so
foolishly did when he gave up five hardened terrorists from Guantanamo Bay in
exchange for Sgt. Bowe Bergdahl. That type of weakness is only an
invitation to more aggression.
We cannot be transferring detainees from Guantanamo Bay
only for them to rejoin the battlefield and continue attacks against
American soldiers and innocent civilians. Even one death caused by a
detainee we released would be unacceptable, but nearly a third of
detainees released from Guantanamo have rejoined terrorist groups to launch
more attacks.
The Obama administration is dead wrong. We must stop setting
terrorists free.
Recent news reports have indicated that one of the Paris terrorists met
with now-deceased al-Qaeda leader Anwar al-Awlaki at an al-Qaeda
training camp in Yemen in 2011. Yemen has become the Wild West for
terrorists and yet that is the same country that the Obama administration wants
to send Guantanamo detainees.
I voted, in 2013, to prohibit the
Obama administration from sending detainees to Yemen.
I believe
that such a ban is even more important
today.
We must also stand united against
our enemies.
I
was profoundly disappointed that the President, Vice President or
Secretary of State could not be troubled to march with the millions of
people and dozens of world leaders, in Paris, this past week to
demonstrate our nations solidarity with the French citizens so brutally
murdered by radical jihadists. How are we supposed to be a beacon of freedom
for the world if we dont bother to show
up?
Disconcertingly, this morning,
Secretary of State John Kerry sought to save face with the French by having
James Taylor sing Youve Got a Friend at a news conference to
demonstrate our commitment to them. That, to me, is a shameful
embarrassment. We should have marched last week with the millions, not sang folk
songs from the 70's a week later.
The recent attacks, and the continued horror
wreaked by ISIS on the same ground where I served in Iraq as a Marine,
underscore the challenge we face.
Our enemy seeks nothing less than our total
destruction and we must seek the same of them.
We must renew our commitment as a nation and a
society to win this war against radical
jihadists.
Sincerely,
Mike
Coffman
U.S. Representative
If you would like to sign up to receive regular
email updates from Mike, please visit
this
link
$ 18,088,845,771,869
Share on Facebook
Share on
LinkedIn
Share on
Twitter
It's only life or death!
Veterans subjected to
program that "incentivizes bad behavior."
By Jacqueline Klimas
WashingtonTimes
Published January 12,
2015
The
Philadelphia VA announced a new incentive program earlier this month
that rewards employees with cash and food for deciding cases quickly
a move that some employees say will encourage staff to rush claims
and reject deserving applicants, once again leaving veterans struggling
for benefits.
For some, the program is too similar to one
at the Phoenix VA hospital last year that led to patients dying while
waiting for care, even as employees manipulated wait time data to
collect bonuses.
The new Philadelphia program is designed to
push employees to clear a backlog in disability claims. The team that
has processed the most claims at the end of every other week will
receive a breakfast, luncheon or snack as a reward, according to an
incentive fact sheet obtained by The Washington Times. Each team that hits
its target of claims processed before Feb. 28 will receive a $15,000
bonus to be divided among team members.
Different teams
have different goals, ranging from about 400 to almost 1,000 claims
processed, the fact sheet said.
An employee at the
Philadelphia VA facility said the program could lead to the same kind of cooked
books that landed the Phoenix VA in trouble and ignited the nationwide
scandal that cost the former VA secretary his job and led to vows
that the department would put veterans needs ahead of the
bureaucracy.
This is more of the same failed and lethal methods, said
the employee, who said it often takes months to properly process a
claim but almost no time to deny it. The incentive plan could encourage
employees to deny claims in order to clear cases
quickly.
The VA, though, insisted it will review the work for quality
assurance, and said the Philadelphia office had a 92.8 percent accuracy rate
in 2014.
The Philadelphia Veterans Affairs Regional
Office has been challenged to meet an expected level of performance to
fulfill our commitment to providing timely and accurate benefits decisions
to our veterans and their survivors, the VA said in a statement. An
incentive program has been implemented to recognize team efforts that
allow us to achieve exceptional performance while still maintaining
quality standards.
But the Philadelphia employee feared
those employees who took time to do a thorough review could be fired
for not hitting processing targets.
Rep. Mike
Coffman , Colorado Republican, said bonuses should be given for
going above and beyond the call of duty, not just pushing paperwork for
the appearance of statistics.
When you reward people
for pushing paperwork, as we saw in Phoenix, you incentivize bad
behavior. The VA needs to do its job, and it shouldnt take extra taxpayer
funds to get them to do that, Mr. Coffman said in a
statement.
The Philadelphia VA is already under investigation for data
manipulation, including hiding or shredding returned mail that could not be
delivered and cherry-picking easy claims to process first to
misrepresent performance, according to testimony from Linda Halladay, the
assistant inspector general for audits and evaluations who appeared before
the House Committee on Veterans Affairs in October.
A
whistleblower alleged last year that at least 40 veterans died while
waiting for care on a secret list at the Phoenix hospital. That report
set off a nationwide investigation that found systemic problems across
the country of data manipulation and putting bureaucracy ahead of
veteran care.
In response, lawmakers passed a bill that
allowed veterans to seek care at private providers if they lived too far
from a clinic or waited too long for an appointment. The bill also
capped VA bonuses through 2024 at $360 a million a year, though it did not
go so far as a House-passed proposal that would have ended all VA
bonuses through 2016.
A House Committee on Veterans Affairs
staffer said its unclear why the VA would create a separate bonus
system on top of the hundreds of millions awarded annually in employee
bonuses.
This incentive plan is a typical approach for VA:
Award bonuses to people for merely doing their jobs, throw money at
problems without addressing their root causes, and focus on arbitrary
numbers rather than quality and standards, the staffer
said.
Iraq,
Afghan Vets Flood House Panel
By: Leo Shane III
MilitaryTimes
Published January 14, 2015
Less than 5 percent of Congress served in
Iraq or Afghanistan, but almost one-quarter of the new House Armed
Services Committee lineup boasts recent wartime credentials and
experience.
Fifteen of the 63 members of the new military oversight
panel deployed overseas in support of Operation Iraqi Freedom or
Enduring Freedom. Lawmakers say that background serves as a valuable
resource in discussions about use of force, personnel cuts, military family
concerns and a host of other key legislative issues.
"It
gives you a totally different perspective," said Rep. Duncan Hunter,
R-Calif., a Marine who served in both wars. "You have folks who can't be
hoodwinked by DoD, folks who don't get googly-eyed at the stars or
the brass that comes in."
The 38-year-old Hunter and
59-year-old
Rep. Mike Coffman , R-Colo., are the elder
statesmen of the unofficial caucus of recent war veterans. Both have served
on the committee for six years, and watched as they have slowly
shifted from being the only voices of experience on the panel to part of a
large chorus.
"What Iraq and Afghanistan combat veterans
bring is a more recent understanding of American foreign policy,"
Coffman said. "We're going to have major force restructuring issues. So
the experience we've had, that brings a more recent understanding of the
military."
Hunter said his service in Iraq has made him
more wary of the lack of public details about the current campaign in
that country, because he thinks he has a better idea of the resources
and support that type of mission needs.
He also said that
combat experience
which he and several other members have
gives a
unique perspective on equipment decisions and new personnel policies,
areas where Hunter has been vocal in the committee in the
past.
The committee boasts three female Iraq War veterans
Hawaii
Democrat Tulsi Gabbard, Illinois Democrat Tammy Duckworth and Arizona
Republican Martha McSally
and will have Iraq War veteran and Army
Reserve Brig. Gen. Joe Heck, R-Nev., chairing its personnel
subcommittee.
Heck said his military background and firsthand
knowledge of the war give more credibility in congressional
debates.
"Having served, we are more likely to step back and consider the
broader strategic implications of certain actions or identify potential
difficulties associated with certain actions, because we have seen
policy in action in Iraq and Afghanistan," he
said.
Freshman Rep. Ruben Gallego, D-Ariz., said he believes he brings "a very
personal view of war" with his military background. The former Marine
served in Iraq as an assistant machine gunner, "kicking down doors and
seeing exactly what urban warfare is."
He said that
perspective needs to be highlighted in all military policy conversations.
Gallego said he has been particularly concerned with recent congressional
conversations about trimming pay and benefits, saying some
non-veterans are being too casual about what such cuts could
mean.
"If you start changing the contracts you've made [with troops], it's
not good for military retention and readiness," Gallego said. "You have
to be realistic about the military budget, but you can't mess with
military benefits."
The Next Constituent One-on-One Meeting
U.S.
Rep. Mike Coffman will meet one-on-one with constituents at the
Martin Luther KIng Library, 9898 East Colfax Avenue,
Aurora, CO
80010 on Saturday, January 24th, from 10:30AM to 12:00
Noon.
Constituents are invited to come to the library to meet with Rep. Coffman
and discuss issues that are important to them.
This event is
open only to residents of the 6th Congressional
District.
Washington
Office
2443 Rayburn
HOB
Washington, D.C. 20515
Phone: (202) 225-7882
Fax: (202) 226-4623
District Office
Cherry Creek Place IV
3300 S. Parker Road, Suite #305
Aurora, CO 80014
Phone: (720) 748-7514
Fax: (720) 748-7680
Unsubscribe
|
Update My Profile
|
Privacy Policy
gateway mail end
