
It&rsquo;s HUGE NEWS: America&rsquo;s uninsured rate has dropped to a record low! President Obama and Democrats fought tooth and nail for the Affordable Care Act because we understand that every single American deserves access to care.
Time Magazine: Number of Uninsured Americans Near Historic Low
Friend -- It&rsquo;s HUGE NEWS: America&rsquo;s uninsured rate has dropped to a record low!
President Obama and Democrats fought tooth and nail for the Affordable Care Act because we understand that every single American deserves access to care.
The result has been record-shattering:
A new report shows that thanks to the Affordable Care Act, 9.7 million Americans have now obtained health insurance.
The drop in uninsured Americans is the largest in FOUR DECADES.
SIGN THE CARD: Thank President Obama and Democrats for standing up for what&rsquo;s right and fighting endlessly for the Affordable Care Act.
Your Action History
Last Petition Signed:
N/A
Thank President Obama:
Signature Pending &gt;&gt;
The Affordable Care Act has been an enormous success, leading to significant improvements in our healthcare system.
Finally, the days where Americans with cancer, asthma, and other pre-existing conditions can be denied health insurance are OVER.
Finally, young people have an affordable way to obtain health insurance. Finally, insurance companies can no longer charge women more than men for the same level of coverage. And finally, more low-income Americans can access care through expanded access to Medicaid.
This holiday season, let&rsquo;s thank President Obama and Democrats for having the courage to fight for the Affordable Care Act.
Will you join us? Add your name and sign our card thanking President Obama and Democrats for passing the Affordable Care Act.
Happy Holidays,
DSCC Rapid Response
P.S. Our work is far from over!
Will you pitch in so that we can fight Republican obstructionists and support President Obama&rsquo;s agenda?
Democratic Senatorial Campaign Committee
P.O. Box 96047
Washington, DC 20090
Paid for by the Democratic Senatorial Campaign Committee, dscc.org,
and not authorized by any candidate or candidate&#39;s committee.
The DSCC is the only organization solely dedicated to supporting Democrats in the U.S. Senate. This message was sent to dj724530@gmail.com because you are a part of the DSCC&rsquo;s grassroots network. Please add us to your address book or approved senders list to make sure you keep receiving DSCC updates.
Emails are a critical way for us to stay in touch with our grassroots supporters. 99% of the DSCC&rsquo;s contributions come from grassroots donors giving less than $200. We also strive to keep you updated on issues related to the Democratic Party&rsquo;s values.
If you&rsquo;d like to stop receiving emails related to this campaign, please
click here .
If you&#39;d like to make a contribution to support us, please
click here . We are already beginning to prepare for the fight ahead &ndash; reclaiming the majority in 2016. It will take every single grassroots supporter, but we know it&rsquo;s possible with your help. If you&rsquo;d like to stop receiving all emails from the DSCC, please
unsubscribe . We greatly appreciate your continued support.
Contributions or gifts to the DSCC are not tax deductible.
