
Connect with Representative Miller online:
Rep. Miller on Presidents Threat to Veto Keystone XL Pipeline Legislation Expected to Pass Congress
WASHINGTON
Today, U.S. Representative Candice Miller (MI-10) issued the following statement after the White House confirmed President Obama intends to veto legislation authorizing the construction of the Keystone XL Pipeline:
This week, for the 10 th
time, the House will vote to approve
the long-overdue construction of the Keystone XL Pipeline, which would help further reduce the price of gas, reduce our reliance on foreign sources of energy, and create tens of thousands of jobs at zero cost to taxpayers.
The construction of this pipeline shares bipartisan support and is, without question, in the best interest of the American people as well as our national security. The project was even deemed safe for the environment by the Presidents own State Department.
Unfortunately, the White House, today, indicated that the President intends to veto any legislation that would approve construction, a move that clearly demonstrates his willingness to put fringe politics before the American people.
I seriously hope, in the
upcoming days and weeks as this important legislation moves through Congress
the Peoples House
that President Obama reconsiders his threat to veto the construction of the Keystone.
###
TELL A FRIEND
Feel free to share this e-mail with your friends and family by forwarding this email. If this e-mail has been forwarded to you, please sign up to receive Congresswoman Candice Miller
electronic newsletter .
CONTACT INFORMATION
Washington Office
U.S. House of Representatives
320 Cannon House Office Bldg
Washington, DC 20515
Phone: (202)225-2106
Fax: (202)226-1169
DISTRICT OFFICE
48701 Van Dyke Ave
Shelby Township, MI 48317
Phone: (586)997-5010
Fax: (586)997-5013
E-MAIL Candice
LEARN MORE
UNSUBSCRIBE
NOTE:
This mailbox is unattended. To send e-mail to Congresswoman Candice Miller, please go to
her contact form . To unsubscribe from future electronic updates, please use
this link .
