
Saturday, December 20, 2014
WEBSITE
|
FORWARD TO A FRIEND
| SHARE ON:
Congressional Report
Dear Friends,
Please take a moment to read my latest update from this week in Washington and Texas Congressional District 28.
You can stay connected by signing up for my weekly email
here .
Meeting with Nurses and Residents at Laredo Nursing and Rehabilitation Center
I visited nurses and residents this week at the Laredo Nursing and Rehabilitation Center.
This week, I visited the Laredo Nursing and Rehabilitation Center in Laredo and spoke to residents, family members, and caregivers about issues facing the long-term healthcare sector.
Meeting with Egypt's Ambassador to the United States
I met with Egypt's Ambassador to the U.S. to discuss security threats in the region.
Recently I met with Mohamed Tawfik, the Ambassador to the United States from Egypt, to discuss security in the Middle East.
Our countries have an important relationship and it was beneficial to sit down in person with the Ambassador.
Congressional Recognition Presented to the Honorable Diana Bautista
I presented Atascosa County Judge, the Honorable Diana Bautista, with a Congressional Recognition honoring her service to the people of South Texas.
Monday, I presented Atascosa County Judge, the Honorable Diana Bautista, with a Congressional Recognition honoring her exceptional career. Judge Bautista has served Atascosa County admirably for over a decade, boldly advocating for the citizens and employees of the county. In addition to her exemplary career, Judge Bautista is a committed wife and mother and a cancer survivor.
TX28 Affordable Care Act Workshops
My Southern District Outreach Coordinator, Nichole Hernandez, gives information on the Affordable Care Act and how to get insurance coverage during an enrollment drive in Roma.
My office hosted an Affordable Care Act enrollment drive this past Saturday in Roma, Texas. Over 54 families came out to get information and the health insurance coverage they needed.
My staff hosted an enrollment event for constituents in Converse to learn more about health insurance options.
My office also hosted an Affordable Care Act enrollment drive with Enroll SA this past Saturday at Judson High School in Converse, Texas.
For more information on health insurance options, visit
www.healthcare.gov
or
www.cuidadodesalud.gov .
Meeting with Israeli Consul, Meir Shlomo
My staff met with Israeli Consul Meir Shlomo last week and gave an update on issues in the 28th District of Texas.
My Outreach Coordinator for Bexar County, Gilbert Lafuente, met with Israeli Consul Meir Shlomo last week in San Antonio to discuss updates in the 28th District of Texas and how to work with our ally in the Middle East.
U.S. Customs and Border Protection Launches Border Wait Time app
U.S. Customs and Border Protection released an app this week to make visits across the border easier for travelers.
This week, U.S. Customs and Border Protection (CBP) launched the Border Wait Time app to make it easier for travelers to plan their trips across the border. Travelers can locate ports of entry based on their location and see estimated wait times at points of entry, making travel easier, especially during this busy holiday season.
For more information on the app, click
here .
TX28 Federal Agency Tips
This video from HUD explains how to recover from an unexpected disaster
Please view this video from the Department of Housing and Urban Development
which explains what you need to know to rebuild your home after a natural disaster.
Intern Spotlight
Louise Bentsen is an intern in my Washington office, where she assisted my staff with legislative work.
Rice University graduate Louise Bentsen is an intern in my Washington, D.C. office. After earning a BA in History from Rice University in Houston, Louise went on to complete a Masters of Science in Conflict Studies at The London School of Economics.
She hopes to use her experience helping my staff and serving TX28 to work for an international organization, government agency, or NGO that deals with post-conflict reconstruction and democratization. Louise says the internship has helped her to gain confidence in herself and in her work.
Read more about Louise and other interns in my office
here .
Sincerely,
Henry Cueller
The House of Representatives is in recess next week
CONNECT
Rep. Cuellar In the News
12/14/14, FOX News: Debate Turns to Immigration on Capitol Hill
12/14/14, The McAllen Monitor: EDITORIAL: It comes down to economics: Reforms to Immigration Legislation Should Start with More Guest Workers
12/13/14, The McAllen Monitor: Omnibus Appropriations Bill Splits Valley, Texas Congressional Delegation
12/12/14, KGNS: Cuellar Releases Statement on Appropriations Agreement
12/11/14, C-SPAN: Rep. Henry Cuellar (D-TX) Supports the $1.1T "CRomnibus"
Neighborhood Office Hours
Tuesday, December 23
Poteet City Hall
474 Avenue H
10am011am
Poteet, TX
Lytle City Hall
14916 Main
12pm-1pm
Lytle, TX
Have a question about neighborhood office hours?
Call my toll free number at 877-780-0028
NOTE: Please DO NOT respond to this email as this inbox is unattended. To contact my office please
click here
UPDATE SUBSCRIPTION OPTIONS
|
PRIVACY POLICY
|
CONTACT US
Click Here Click Here