
If you are having
trouble viewing this message or would like to share it on a social
network, you can
view the
message online .
HOME
ABOUT
CONTACT ME
SERVING YOU
MEDIA CENTER
ISSUES &amp;
LEGISLATION
OUR DISTRICT
January 23, 2015
Dear
Friend,
Yesterday
I introduced a new
bill to clear a key bureaucratic hurdle
for veterans across the
country by ensuring access to electronic DD-214s (your military record of
service) at Vet Centers. Currently, vets who have lost their DD-214s
have no way to view them, causing lengthy delays in care. My bill is a
simple fix. After the unacceptable delays in care we saw last year at
VA locations across the country, I must do everything I can to speed
up the process of getting all of our veterans the services they have
earned.
On Tuesday evening during his State of the Union
address, the President spoke about working together to craft bipartisan
solutions.
I hope hell follow through on his words and work
with members of Congress to advance bills that strengthen our economy. We
have a lot of work to do to create jobs, reform our complicated tax
code, fix our broken immigration system, update key transportation
infrastructure, and provide for our veterans. At a bare minimum, its past
time for the President to come to the table and work with us to
provide solutions for Californias water crisis. Our states suffering
economy doesnt just impact our farmers, ranchers, business owners and
families; it hurts the country.
Another thing I thought was
missing from the Presidents speech: a clear commitment to follow
through on the intentions of the law he signed last summer to transform
healthcare and benefits system for our veterans. One project ready to
make a huge difference in the quality of care for Valley veterans is the
planned clinic at French Camp. Yet for years, delays with funding and
planning have prevented the VA from breaking ground on the project.
Its time for the VA to re-align their priorities and get construction
funded at French Camp before the Presidents next State of the Union
address.
The best part of the night for me was the guests
I invited. It was an honor to spend part of the evening with two
heroes who served our nation overseas and laid their lives on the line for
our freedoms. I was joined by U.S. Army Specialist Stefan LeRoy and
U.S. Army Master Sergeant Cedric Jermel King. SPC LeRoy is a California
native who was a member of the Bravo, Troop 4-73rd Cavalry, 4th
Brigade Combat Team, 82nd Airborne Division and was injured by an improvised
explosive device blast during his first deployment to Afghanistan,
where he sustained a double above the knee amputation. Master Sergeant
Cedric Jermel King was deployed to Operation Iraqi Freedom in 2003 and
to Afghanistan in 2011, where he was severely injured by an improved
explosive device. Sgt. King is a recipient of the Bronze Star medal,
the Purple Heart and the Meritorious Service Medal.
I took Sergeant King and Specialist LeRoy to the Speaker's
balcony prior to the
speech.
I was also joined for
the evening by my good friend and our Stanislaus County Sheriff, Adam
Christianson.
Next week the
House will consider the Secure Our Borders First Act, which requires
the Department of Homeland Security (DHS) to achieve operational
control of the entire border within five years
preventing ALL unlawful
entries. This makes securing the border a requirement, not a goal, and
imposes penalties on Administration officials at DHS if the standards
are not met.
One of the most basic current problems is
that we dont have situational awareness of the border. We need to know
exactly where and how people are crossing the border illegally, and
when. This bill recognizes this fundamental need to get perspective on
the U.S. bordernorthern, southern, and maritime. It also requires DHS
to submit a series of metrics to measure exactly where points of
weakness lie.
Some of the most dangerous areas along our
southern border, in California and other border states, are the 20.7 million
acres of Department of Interior and U.S. Forest Service land. This
includes 4.3 million acres of Wilderness areas where activities such
as the use of motorized vehicles and construction of roads and
structures are prohibited. This means that border patrol agents are not able
to effectively apprehend individuals who cross the border illegally in
these sections. This bill would ensure Border Patrol has access to
those lands, eliminating those holes.
We learned last summer
just how insecure our borders are when a surge of unaccompanied
minors came across our southern border. We cannot effectively protect our
rule of law or move forward in repairing other parts of our broken
system until we secure our border. Its the essential first step. I
support a top-to-bottom fix to our immigration system, but border security
has to take top priority.
This is a complicated issue and
a multi-faceted bill.
Id encourage you to read the
bill text and summary online here for more information , and
I welcome your questions and
comments .
JEFF DENHAM
Do you believe that securing our
border is the first step in fixing our immigration system?
Yes No Do you believe that we should take up bills to
address other parts of our immigration laws, such as internal enforcement
or work visas?
Yes No *By
answering this survey, you are subscribing to my newsletter. If
you are having trouble, click here.
E-mail Updates
Yes, please
periodically send me e-mail updates.*
*By subscribing to my
e-mail updates, you are
authorizing me to send regular e-mail updates from my office to your e-mail
account.
DC office:
1730 Longworth
HOB
Washington, DC
20515
P: 202-225-4540
F: 202-225-3402
Modesto Office:
4701 Sisk Road,
Suite 202
Modesto, CA 95356
P: 209-579-5458
F:
209-579-5028
Unsubscribe
|
Update My
Profile
|
Privacy Policy
gateway mail end
