
RAND'S NEWSLETTER UPDATE
JANUARY 16, 2015
Please allow me to update you on this week's happenings in Washington, D.C.
Dr. Rand Paul and Sen. Cory Booker Participate in Louisville's Sullivan University Forum on the REDEEM Act
This week, Sen. Cory Booker and I participated in a criminal justice reform forum hosted by Sullivan University in Louisville, Ky. The forum focused on the criminal justice reform legislation Sen. Booker and I introduced last year, known as the REDEEM Act.
The REDEEM Act will give Americans convicted of non-violent crimes a second chance at the American dream. The legislation will help prevent youthful mistakes from turning into a lifetime of crime and help adults who commit non-violent crimes become more self-reliant and less likely to commit future crimes.
We still have, in many ways, two Americas, where people are treated
differently. I don't think it's on purpose, but people are inadvertently
treated differently. The racial outcome of the War on Drugs has
disproportionately incarcerated folks. I think there is a whole world
open to us to reform.
Click
HERE
or below to view Sen. Booker and my remarks via videoconference at the forum, and
HERE
to read my statement in its entirety.
Dr. Rand Paul Meets with Christian County Chamber &amp; Citizens for Fort Campbell
On Tuesday, I had the pleasure of meeting with the Christian County Chamber of Commerce and members from the Citizens for Fort Campbell. During the meeting, we discussed many important topics including the economic impact Fort Campbell has on the Christian County community.
(Dr. Rand Paul and Christian County Chamber of Commerce/Citizens for Fort Campbell - January 13, 2014)
Dr. Rand Paul Congratulates Terry Rankins from American Trucking Association
Also this week, I had the opportunity to meet and congratulate American Trucking Association's Terry Rankins from Tollesboro, Ky. Terry has been selected as a finalist to compete in this year's American Trucking Association's '2015 America's Road Team Competition.' Best of luck, Terry!
(Dr. Rand Paul and Terry Rankins - January 13, 2014)
Have An Issue Or Concern?
If you are a Kentucky resident and need assistance with a federal agency or concern, feel free to contact the Bowling Green office (270-782-8303) to have a discussion with the appropriate staff member.
Stay in Touch with Sen. Paul's Social Media
You can find updates on what I'm doing by visiting my Senate website,
www.paul.senate.gov
and you can follow my official Google+ account
HERE . You can also subscribe to my YouTube channel
HERE . Don't forget to become a fan of my
official Facebook page
and my
official Instagram page
for other timely updates.
Warm Regards,
To unsubscribe from Rand's newsletter, please visit the
unsubscribe page
