
Official Site
Constituent Services
News
Contact
U.S. Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell&rsquo;s eNewsletter - - Week of January 26, 2015
Senate Back to Work Bipartisan Infrastructure Jobs Bill Passes Senate
On Thursday, the United States Senate passed a bipartisan bill to approve the construction of the Keystone XL Pipeline, a job-creating infrastructure project which will boost our nation&rsquo;s economy.
U.S. Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell delivered remarks on the Senate floor saying passage of the Keystone jobs bill is great news for the American people.
Senator McConnell said, &ldquo;Constructing Keystone would pump billions into our economy. It would support thousands of good American jobs. And as the President&rsquo;s own State Department has indicated, it would do this with minimal environmental impact. The Keystone infrastructure project has been studied endlessly, from almost every possible angle, and the same general conclusion keeps becoming clear: build it.&rdquo;
Click the image below to view the Senator&rsquo;s floor remarks.
Senate Back to Work More Roll-Call Amendment Votes than in All of 2014
On Thursday, Senator McConnell spoke on the Senate floor regarding the number of roll-call amendment votes that have already been allowed in the Senate under Republican control. He said, the Senate has now taken more than twice as many amendment votes than were allowed all of last year. Senator Reid (D-NV) blocked all but 15 roll call votes on amendments in all of 2014 when he was the Majority Leader.
On Friday, a column posted on the website for
The Ledger Independent
newspaper in Maysville, Kentucky, titled,
&ldquo;Getting Back to Normal.&rdquo;
The following is an excerpt from the column:
There is a new sheriff in the U.S. Senate, and if Mitch McConnell&rsquo;s first month in office is any indication, things are going to change dramatically&hellip;The Senate under McConnell&rsquo;s leadership has already held twice as many roll call votes on amendments in one month as the chamber held in all of 2014.
Click
HERE
to read the full column from Maysville&rsquo;s
The Ledger Independent .
Senate Back to Work
Democrat Leader Praises McConnell&rsquo;s Leadership
This week, on the Senate Floor, Senate Assistant Democratic Leader Dick Durbin (D-IL) praised Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell for his management of the U.S. Senate since becoming the Majority Leader earlier this month.
Click the image below to view their remarks.
SENATE ASSISTANT DEMOCRATIC LEADER DICK DURBIN (D-IL):
&ldquo;I've said it before and I'll say it again, what we've seen over the last several weeks is the Senate I remember, the Senate I was elected to, the Senate where there was active debate, deliberation, amendments. For some members it&rsquo;s a new experience. I hope that in our role as the minority we can work with you in a feeling of mutual respect to achieve at least debate on the floor, if not some significant legislation.&rdquo;
SENATE MAJORITY LEADER MITCH MCCONNELL (R-KY):
&ldquo;I thank the Senator from Illinois for his comments and I do think, agree with him, that this has been good for the Senate, good for both parties, good for America. We're getting back to normal and I thank the Senator for his comments and for his cooperation.&rdquo;
Up Next in the Senate: Veterans Bill
On Friday, Senator McConnell spoke on the Senate floor regarding the Clay Hunt Act, a bipartisan bill that will pass the Senate on Monday. The Clay Hunt Act would provide more of the mental-health and suicide-prevention support our veterans.
In the Media
This week the latest edition of
Cincy Magazine
hit newsstands featuring Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell on the cover of its Power 100 issue. The Power 100 list recognizes the most influential leaders in the Northern Kentucky, Cincinnati, and the surrounding Tristate area.
Cincy
featured Senator McConnell as #1 saying he &ldquo;boosts our region to historic clout in Washington D.C.&rdquo; Click
HERE
to read the
Cincy
exclusive:
&ldquo;The New Boss&rdquo;
On Sunday, CBS
60 Minutes
aired their joint interview with Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell and Speaker of the House John Boehner.
Click the image below to watch.
Last week, Senator McConnell hosted Kentucky Educational Television (KET) in his office in Washington, D.C. On Monday, January 26th, KET aired its featured program,
&ldquo;McConnell: Majority Leader,&rdquo;
which was followed by a special edition of
One to One
with host, Bill Goodman, and Senator McConnell.
Click the image below to view KET&rsquo;s special program,
&ldquo;McConnell: Majority Leader&rdquo;
Click the image below to view KET&rsquo;s
One to One
with host, Bill Goodman, and Senator McConnell
On Tuesday, Senator McConnell hosted a media stakeout in the U.S. Capitol with Senators John Thune (R-SD), Lisa Murkowski (R-AK), John Barrasso (R-WY), Roy Blunt (R-MO), and John Cornyn (R-TX).
L-R: Sens. Thune, Murkowski, Barrasso, McConnell, Blunt, Cornyn
Visiting our Nation's Capital
If you&rsquo;re planning a trip to Washington, D.C., please check out Senator McConnell's
website
and visit his office while you are in town. Every week, Senator McConnell welcomes to his office in the U.S. Capitol many Kentuckians from across the Commonwealth to discuss issues of importance to Kentucky. Also, the Senator&rsquo;s office has information on tours, places to visit and local restaurants to help make your trip to the nation&rsquo;s capital one to remember.
Keeping Up With Senator McConnell
Keep up with the latest news and alerts from our nation&rsquo;s capital as well as updates on things happening back home in Kentucky by becoming a fan of Senator McConnell&rsquo;s
Facebook
page, and get the latest news from Senator McConnell&rsquo;s press office on Twitter at
@McConnellPress . Senator McConnell is also on Instagram - Follow him at
@McConnellPress .
Get this newsletter delivered to your inbox by signing up
HERE
Official Site
|
Privacy Policy
|
Unsubscribe
