
Setting Up the Fight
December was a very busy, but very productive month in DC. Even during a
'lame duck'
Congress, there are important measures that must be passed, setting us up for next year. And I admit --
with the Republicans taking control of the Senate next year , I'm very excited about what we're going to be able to accomplish. But first, a quick roundup of December's activities -
No Social Security for Nazis
When I learned that a loophole was allowing Nazi persecutors to receive Social Security benefits,
voting to close that loophole was a no brainer . American citizens should not be awarding retirement benefits to Nazis. Learn more
here .
The Fight Against ObamaCare
We know that what happens over the next two years with American health care will shape it -
for better or worse
- for generations to come. So, I'm thrilled to remain on the frontlines as the
Chairman for the Ways &amp; Means Health Subcommittee
next year. Learn more about the battles we face
here .
Stopping Executive Amnesty
I'm not a constitutional law professor like the President, but
executive amnesty is unconstitutional
and shows a willful disregard for the wishes of the American people. House Republicans voted this month to stop him because we know that any immigration reform taken on by Congress must be about the
American people first and foremost , and that starts with securing our border. Read more
here .
Defending our Nation
Making sure that our military is ready to protect our nation is one of the most important functions of Congress. This month we voted bolster our cybersecurity and counter terrorism in this dangerous world,
w hile authorizing a payraise for our hardworking troops.
We also voted to
cut red tape
that's roadblocking energy production on federal lands. Learn more about the NDAA
here .
Israel: Our Friend &amp; Ally
Israel is our friend and our greatest ally in the Middle East. They have earned and deserve our
unwavering support and cooperation.
This month Congress voted to reaffirm that friendship in
this important vote .
Shrinking Government
Twice already,
House Republicans have passed legislation to stop the President's executive amnesty plan. Unfortunately, Democrat Senate Majority Leader Harry Reid
refuses to bring them up for a vote . But all hope is not lost. In another effort to
stop the Presidents executive actions granting amnesty to millions of illegal immigrants , House Republicans passed legislation which provides only three months of funding for the Department of Homeland Security,
setting up a fight with President Obama over his controversial immigration amnesty for early next year when we have a Republican majority in both the House and Senate .
Learn more
about this bill which accomplishes several conservative goals such as fully funding troops during war time, slashing the budgets for the IRS &amp; EPA and blocking funding for Obamacare.
The Fight Continues
There will always be more red tape we can slash, more spending we can cut and it's great to be moving in the right direction. I look forward to working with Senate Republicans in the next two years to roll back Washington so that Americans once again have an
effective, efficient federal government that they can trust.
The Best Time of Year
Though I am truly anticipating next year's conservative victories, I'm even more anxious to spend time with my family, friends and community during this most wonderful time of the year.
I'm praying that you enjoy a blessed and plentiful holiday season.
Merry Christmas!
Do you know someone who doesn't get my Brady Briefing updates? Please forward this message and they can click
here
to subscribe.
Our Christmas
Wish List!
I'd rather have coal
in my stocking!
December is Made
in the USA Month!
NO #ExecutiveAmnesty
NOTE: Please DO NOT respond to this email as this inbox is unattended. To contact my office please
click here
Connect:
WASHINGTON, D.C. OFFICE
301 Cannon H.O.B.
Washington, DC 20515
P:
(202) 225-4901
F:
(202) 225-5524
CONROE DISTRICT OFFICE
200 River Pointe, Ste 304
Conroe, TX 77304
Phone: (936)441-5700
Fax: (936)441-5757
HUNTSVILLE DISTRICT OFFICE
1300 11th Street, Suite 400
Huntsville, TX 77340
Phone: (936)439-9532
Fax: (936)439-9546
UNSUBSCRIBE
|
PRIVACY POLICY
|
CONTACT US
Click Here Click Here