
Message from Congresswoman Beatty
As we begin the new year, I find myself reflecting on all that has been accomplished in Washington and in the Third Congressional District of Ohio throughout the past year. We kicked off 2014 with an exciting State of the District event that provided an overview of constituent services, the Congressional outlook, and prospects in the year ahead. The successes in 2014 were plentiful. The House passed my anti-human trafficking legislation with unanimous support, my legislation addressing sports-related concussions entered the mainstream and is helping to drive the discussion, women leaders from our community participated in a fly-in to Washington, my office helped constituents get millions of dollars back from the government, and two cabinet secretaries visited our district to make important announcements that will help people and better our community.
There certainly is much more we could have accomplished in 2014, but I consider these challenges an opportunity to tackle the many issues facing Central Ohio and our nation. This year, I hope that you will continue to work with me, calling on me and my staff to build bridges and find ways to improve our great country.
This year, I look forward to continuing to bring the District to Washington and Washington to the District.
Sincerely,
Joyce Beatty
Member of Congress, OH-03
In the Community
Rosa Parks Honored at Statewide Event
Congresswoman Joyce Beatty unveils a portrait after speaking about her legislation honoring Rosa Parks and the importance of civil rights. (featured from left to right: Curtis Stitt, President and Chief Executive Officer of the Central Ohio Transit Authority; Dr. Valerie B. Lee ,
Vice President for Outreach and Engagement and Vice Provost for Office of Diversity and Inclusion at The Ohio State University; David Butler, artist; and former Ohio Governor Bob Taft)
On December 4th and 5th, Congresswoman Beatty participated in a statewide event honoring Rosa Parks. At the event Beatty spoke about her legislation to honor Rosa Parks and the importance her legacy has on civil rights.
Rosa Parks, the Mother of the Modern Civil Rights Movement, embodied courage when she refused to give up her seat on a Montgomery, Alabama bus to a white passenger in 1955. In 2005, fifty years after Mrs. Parks' brave act that sparked the modern civil rights movement, Mrs. Parks' passed away. Then-state representative Joyce Beatty wrote legislation that was signed into law by Governor Bob Taft to make Ohio the first state to designate December 1st as Rosa Parks Day.
Joining Congresswoman Beatty at the event were representatives from the Central Ohio Transit Authority and The Ohio State University. The two day event featured a community leaders event, panel discussion, and children's assembly. Ohio's annual Statewide Tribute to Rosa Parks continues to inspire Ohioans to recognize her legacy in "The Power of One."
Annual Ohio Housing Conference Event
Congresswoman Beatty speaks about her work on housing legislation as a member of the House Committee on Financial Services at the Annual Ohio Housing Conference event.
In November of 2014, Congresswoman Beatty spoke at the Annual Ohio Housing Conference event. Nearly 1,600 attendees from 27 states packed the Greater Columbus Convention Center to attend the nation's largest statewide housing conference.
As a member of the House Committee on Financial Services, Congresswoman Beatty has been working to expand affordable housing across the nation. Congresswoman Beatty credits her first job at the Dayton Metropolitan Housing Authority for seeing first-hand the difference affordable housing makes in the lives of lower and middle-income families.
During her speech, Congresswoman Beatty spoke of the encouraging efforts being made by private and public entities to build and sustain affordable housing in the Third Congressional District of Ohio, the housing issues of greatest concern to her, the importance of financial literacy, and the need for more bipartisanship in addressing this issue.
In April of 2014, Congresswoman Beatty stated on the floor of the House of Representatives, "Owning a home is the cornerstone of achieving the American Dream for many Americans. Homeownership is a source of pride and develops robust and stable communities." The issue of affordable housing is slated to remain a top priority for the Congresswoman throughout the 114th Congress.
Legislative Update
Bringing Attention to Sexual Assault on Ohio College and University Campuses
Congresswomen Joyce Beatty, Marcy Kaptur (OH-09), and Marcia Fudge (OH-11)
sent a letter
to each Ohio college and university president encouraging increased engagement on campus sexual violence.
In October, Congresswomen Joyce Beatty, Marcy Kaptur (OH-09), and Marcia Fudge (OH-11) sent a letter to each Ohio college and university president encouraging increased engagement on campus sexual violence. Studies have shown that although there have been improvements, institutions may do more to comply with federal laws and infuse best practices on campus to address sexual violence. The letter addressed recent changes in federal laws, particularly the Campus Sexual Violence Elimination Act (Campus SaVE Act), and encouraged administrators to partner with national, state, and local organizations that are equipped to assist in the assessment and development of plans to prevent and respond to sexual violence. Text of the letter is available
here .
Legislation to Reduce Concussions Continues to Move Forward
Capitol Square Covers Congresswoman Beatty's work on sports-related concussion reduction .
Whether it is President Obama's Concussion Summit this May, news and research articles, or Congressional action it is clear that our nation is focusing on sports-related concussions with new-found intensity. Congresswoman Beatty has been at the forefront of the efforts leading two pieces of bipartisan legislation with her colleagues: the National Collegiate Athletics Accountability Act, H.R. 2903, and the Concussion Awareness and Education Act, H.R. 3954. In-line with Beatty's legislative efforts,The Big Ten Conference's schools recently agreed to guarantee that any athlete who receives an athletic scholarship will be able to keep the award until they graduate.
There is an urgent need to address sports-related concussions among student athletes and to make players, coaches, and parents more aware of concussions. An advocate for player safety and the reduction of concussions among collegiate athletes, Congresswoman Beatty highlighted recent events as further evidence of the need for all stakeholders to work to ensure the safety of all student athletes.
Upcoming Event
Tele-Town Hall in January
On January 15, Congresswoman Beatty will hold her first Tele-Town Hall of 2015. The event will connect constituents by phone to allow them to participate in setting the upcoming year's agenda and to engage with Congresswoman Beatty.
Date : January 15, 2015
Time : 6:30 PM - 8:00 PM
Where : Phone dials will be made to households in Ohio's Third Congressional District.
RSVP : To sign up please visit the website
here .
Grants Spotlight
Beatty Pivotal in Securing $4 million Grant to Reduce Infant Mortality
Columbus Public Health will receive a $3,990,000 five-year grant to create a new Healthy Start program to address Columbus' infant mortality rate, which is one of the highest in the country. Working alongside partners in Columbus, U.S. Congresswoman Joyce Beatty (OH-03) was instrumental in securing funding for the critical program.
Reducing infant mortality is a top priority for Congresswoman Beatty and her office aggressively joined the efforts to secure funding for this critical program. The initiative will expand and improve the system of care for mothers and babies by creating a community model of collaboration and coordination of services among material child health care providers in Central Ohio.
The new Healthy Start program will create a prenatal registry and place-based care plans for all participants to better integrate services, address gaps, and minimize duplication of services. Nurses, social workers, outreach workers, and administrative staff from participating maternal child health care providers in Central Ohio will serve an estimated 800 clients each year.
The new initiative will replace the current Healthy Start program which has been working to eliminate disparities that contribute to infant deaths. Since 2000, Columbus Healthy Start has served 200 women and families per year. Women enrolled in the program have experienced no infant deaths in the past three years.
$16.5 Million for Early Head Start Partnership Thanks to Beatty's Assistance
The Ohio State University will receive a $16.5 million grant to establish an Early Head Start-Child Care Partnership to ensure that Columbus children receive a healthy start in life. U.S. Department of Health and Human Services is awarding $2.7 million in each of the next five years with the remainder coming from grant partners.
Beatty assisted in bringing dollars to the community to help fund early childhood learning in priority areas. The partnership between the Department of Health and Human Services and the Early Learning Initiative will efficiently and effectively leverage existing programing and services to aid Columbus children during their early years.
Washington, DC Office
133 Cannon House Building
Washington, DC 20515
Phone: (202) 225-4324
Fax: (202) 225-1984
Hours: Mon-Fri 9AM - 5PM
Columbus Office
471 East Broad Street, Suite 1100
Columbus, OH 43215
Phone: (614) 220-0003
Fax: (614) 220-5640
Hours: Mon-Fri 9AM - 5PM
