
UNBELIEVABLE. Not 24 hours into the new Congress, the GOP House has launched a partisan sneak attack on Social Security!In a party-line vote yesterday
Friend -- UNBELIEVABLE. Not 24 hours into the new Congress, the GOP House has launched a partisan sneak attack on Social Security!
In a party-line vote yesterday, Republicans created a Social Security funding crisis that could result in ELEVEN MILLION disabled workers getting their benefits cut by nearly 20%. And if Republicans have their way, retired seniors could be the next target for cuts!
It&rsquo;s absolutely unconscionable! Is this how the GOP plans to govern for the next two years? By threatening millions of people who rely on Social Security? Do they really think the American people will stand for this?
Not on our watch! Sign our petition to tell the House GOP to end their attack on Social Security! Fifty thousand signatures in 24 hours will show them we mean business!
Your Action History
Last Petition Signed:
N/A
Protect Social Security:
Signature Pending &gt;&gt;
Democratic Senator Elizabeth Warren put it best: &ldquo;We can&rsquo;t turn our backs on the promises we&rsquo;ve made to our families, friends, and neighbors who need our help the most. House Republicans should stop playing political games to put America&rsquo;s most vulnerable at risk.&rdquo;
Tell the GOP to stop playing games with Social Security! Add your name.
Thanks for your help,
DSCC Breaking News
P.S. We see that your 2014 membership has expired.
Will you renew your Democratic membership for 2015 to help us defeat Republicans who attack Social Security?
Democratic Senatorial Campaign Committee
P.O. Box 96047
Washington, DC 20090
Paid for by the Democratic Senatorial Campaign Committee, dscc.org,
and not authorized by any candidate or candidate&#39;s committee.
The DSCC is the only organization solely dedicated to supporting Democrats in the U.S. Senate. This message was sent to dj724530@gmail.com because you are a part of the DSCC&rsquo;s grassroots network. Please add us to your address book or approved senders list to make sure you keep receiving DSCC updates.
Emails are a critical way for us to stay in touch with our grassroots supporters. 99% of the DSCC&rsquo;s contributions come from grassroots donors giving less than $200. We also strive to keep you updated on issues related to the Democratic Party&rsquo;s values.
If you&rsquo;d like to stop receiving emails related to this campaign, please
click here .
If you&#39;d like to make a contribution to support us, please
click here . We are already beginning to prepare for the fight ahead &ndash; reclaiming the majority in 2016. It will take every single grassroots supporter, but we know it&rsquo;s possible with your help. If you&rsquo;d like to stop receiving all emails from the DSCC, please
unsubscribe . We greatly appreciate your continued support.
Contributions or gifts to the DSCC are not tax deductible.
