
If you are having trouble
viewing this message or would like to share it on a social network, you can
view the message
online .
December 18, 2014
Unsubscribe
Update My
Profile
Website
|
Biography
|
Contact Me
|
Services
|
Issues &amp; Legislation
|
Newsroom
|
28th District
Dear Friend,
Welcome to my Washington
Update, an e-newsletter for the constituents of California's 28th
Congressional District. This e-newsletter provides a way for you to keep me
informed of your views and interests. You can do this by clicking on
the survey question, which appears on the right. In addition to
participating in the survey, I would encourage you to send any more detailed
thoughts
by email .
Schiff and Feinstein Secure
Major Federal Funding for West Coast Earthquake Early Warning
System
This week, Rep. Adam Schiff and Senator
Dianne Feinstein announced that Congress has included $5 million in the
FY 2015 funding bill, also known as the CROmnibus, for a West Coast
Earthquake Early Warning System, the first time Congress has ever
provided funding specifically for the system.
A limited system
developed by Caltech, UC-Berkeley and University of Washington, in
conjunction with the United States Geological Survey (USGS), has already
been deployed and has proven that the early warning technology is
sound. This $5 million in funding will allow those developing the
statewide system to begin purchasing and installing additional
sensors, build new stations, speed up the ShakeAlert
system, and come closer to deploying comprehensive early earthquake warning
coverage throughout earthquake prone regions of the West Coast.
Its absolutely critical that the West Coast implement and
build out an earthquake early warning system to give us a heads up
before the big one hits, so we can save lives and protect
infrastructure, said Schiff. This funding will help build out
additional stations, speed up the ShakeAlert system, and make it more reliable
in our highest priority areas
including Los Angeles and the Bay Area
and those critical few seconds or a minute of warning will allow
people to seek cover, automatically slow or stop trains, and pause
surgeries. This first phase of funding will allow the work to begin
expanding the system, and we will continue to work to secure future
funding along with our other federal, state and local
partners.
Watch coverage of the announcement below:
Read more:
Los Angeles Times
California receives U.S. funding for
earthquake early-warning system
KPCC
California gets $5 million in funding
for quake warning system
Pasadena Star-News
Earthquake Early Warning System
gets $5 million from federal
government
Rep. Schiff Applauds Release of the Torture
Report
Earlier this year, Rep. Adam Schiff, along with forty
Members of Congress, sent a letter urging President Barack Obama to
quickly declassify the Senate Select Committee on Intelligence report's
conclusions on the CIAs enhanced interrogation program, as well as
the dissenting views and CIA response to the report
read that
letter here . Once the report was
released, Schiff stated:
It was important that this report
get released. America cannot put this dark chapter behind it without a
full explanation to the American people of what was done in their
name.
America does not torture
that is not who we are, nor who we
want to be. But America did torture, and it is vital that we never do
so again. Torture is immoral, contrary to our ideals, inconsistent
with the rule of law and destructive of our democracy.
Watch
Schiff discuss the report here:
Congress Significantly Ups Funding For Planetary
Science
Last week, Rep. Adam Schiff announced that the year-long
appropriations bill significantly upped funding for planetary science programs,
as well as supporting the full range of NASA priorities in both
robotic and human spaceflight.
Not only will Cassini, Curiosity and
other existing missions be funded through next year, but the Mars 2020
rover and a Europa mission are set on a course that should result in a
sample caching mission to Mars and a full exploration of one of the
most interesting bodies in our solar system
Jupiters moon,
Europa.
After three years of fighting the Administration for
adequate funding for space exploration, this appropriations package properly
supports NASAs priorities, and especially NASAs crown jewel,
the planetary science program, said Rep. Schiff. By specifically
laying out Congresss plan for our planetary science program
a Mars 2020
mission and a trip to Europa, two of the science community's highest
priorities
its my hope that the Administration will now work
hand-in-hand with us to make this happen. I want to thank Chairman Frank Wolf
and Ranking Member Chakah Fattah for working with us to restore
adequate funding to planetary science. I only wish it wasnt necessary to
do so year after year after year.
Read
more:
Los Angeles
Times
'CRomnibus' budget a good deal for NASA planetary science,
supporters say
Pasadena Star-News
NASA mission to Jupiters moon expected to
get funding from Congress
Crescenta Valley Weekly
Congress Ups Funding For
Planetary Science
KPCC
What surprises are in Congress's compromise spending
bill?
Armenian Orphan Rug
Displayed at the White House Visitors Center
This
past month, the Armenian Orphan Rug
also known as the Ghazir Rug
a
work of art that was woven by orphan survivors of the Armenian Genocide
and gifted to U.S. President Calvin Coolidge in 1925 in appreciation
for U.S. humanitarian assistance following Turkey's mass murder of
over 1.5 million Armenians and other Christians during World War I, was
displayed at the White House Visitors Center.
For the past year,
Rep. Schiff has been working with members of the Armenian American
community, as well as several of his colleagues, to convince the White
House to reverse a 2013 decision to not allow the rug to be displayed.
Display of the Armenian Orphan Rug is especially sensitive to the
Turkish government, which objects to any official U.S. commemoration of the
Armenian Genocide. Ankara has been able to block its exhibition for
decades.
At the White House Visitors Center, Schiff
met with many descendants of those lost in the Genocide, and said: I
want to thank the Administration for working with me and with the
community on this issue.
It has been a long road from last years no
to this years yes.
The Ghazir Rug is not just a carpet; it
is a tangible connection to the first genocide of the Twentieth Century
a silent, beautiful rebuttal to those who deny the murder of 1.5
million men, woman and children in a campaign of mass murder, forced
marches, rape and looting that befell the Armenian people from
1915-23.
As the world prepares to commemorate the centennial of the
genocide, the Ghazir Rug is a poignant remonder of the shattered families
and the mass inhumanity that was visited upon the Armenian people. I
hope that it can serve to educate a new generation of Americans about one
of the great tragedies of history and leads to a redoubling of
efforts in 2015 to finally and forever, honor the genocide of the Armenians
without equivocation. The Armenian people should not have to wait any
longer.
Read
more:
Los Angeles Daily
News
Armenian orphan rug gets brief display at White House Visitors
Center
Los Angeles
Times
Historic rug woven by Armenian orphans goes on display
at White House
McClatchy
Armenian Orphan Rug, symbol of tragic past, is
briefly on view
Last week, Senator Dianne Feinstein released the Senate Select
Committee on Intelligences report on the detention and interrogation
program that was devised and managed by the CIA in the aftermath of the
September 2001 attacks on New York and Washington. The report found that
the use of
enhanced interrogation techniques did not yield important
information, that the CIA misled the President and Congress about the
programs
effectiveness, that the program suffered from inadequate
planning and was deeply flawed, and that the treatment of detainees was
more brutal than had been thought.
While many Americans supported
the release of the summary, others did not.
Do you agree with the release of the Senate
Intelligence Committees torture report? I support the release of the report on torture
this is not who we are as a nation and we cannot get past this dark
chapter in our national life without a full accounting for what was
done in our names. I
support the release of the report
however, I question the timing
given the volatile state of affairs abroad. I oppose the release of the report
the
report unfairly characterizes what was done to detainees as torture and
ignores the urgency of American officials to avoid a follow-on attack to
9/11. I oppose the
release of the report
it could inspire further acts of terrorism
against American targets, and I approve of whatever it takes to protect
our country including harsh interrogation techniques.
Other: *By answering this survey, you are
subscribing to my newsletter If you are having trouble, click
here. Survey Results Do support a travel ban and mandatory
quarantine? Answer Total No, I am
comfortable with the steps recommended by NIH and the CDC and do not want
to discourage efforts to contain the epidemic in West
Africa. 29.86% No, I think the public officials
advocating these steps are playing on people's fears instead of good
science.
26.30%
Yes, I support a
ban on people entering the U.S. from Ebola affected areas and mandatory
quarantine for American health workers returning.
29.34% Yes, I don't trust the recommendations of the
CDC or NIH and think they are putting political correctness ahead of
the public safety. 14.51%
Contact Information
Washington,
DC
2411 Rayburn House Office Building
Washington D.C. 20515
Phone: (202)
225-4176
Facsimile: (202) 225-5828
Burbank
Office
245 E. Olive Ave., #200
Burbank,
California 91502
Phone: (818) 450-2900
Phone: (323)
315-5555
Facsimile: (818) 450-2928
Update My
Profile
-
Unsubscribe
-
Privacy
Policy
gateway mail end
