DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.0 Transitional//EN" "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml1/DTD/xhtml1-transitional.dtd"
District Update | January 9, 2015
Click here
if you have trouble viewing this email
Dear Friends,
The 114th Congress went into session this week and from the start, the House of Representatives passed two bipartisan bills to spur job creation here at home, lower energy prices, and increase take-home pay for everyday Americans.
The first of which was authorization of construction of the Keystone Pipeline XL. Once again, both Republicans and Democrats joined together in the House and Senate to get this project moving. The President's preemptive
veto threat
this week was incredibly disappointing. He said
he was waiting to approve Keystone because of environmental considerations. His own State Department said the pipeline
would not harm the environment . The President was
doubtful that Keystone would create many jobs . His own State Department said it would support approximately
42,100 jobs . The President said he had to
wait for a court ruling in Nebraska . The court has
ruled , and the pipeline is good to go. There's absolutely no justification for further delay, and I'll continue to push hard to get this project off the ground.
The second bill, the
Save American Workers Act , repeals the portion in Obamacare that defines 30 hours per week as full-time for employees and replaces it with the traditional American workweek of 40 hours. At a time when many Californians are still struggling to stay on their feet, this common-sense, bipartisan legislation will expand the opportunity for employees to work more hours - resulting in more take-home pay and financial security. This bill was also supported by members of both parties.
As always, I'll pursue common sense solutions to our nation's challenges. It is an honor and privilege to represent you.
Sincerely,
Ed Royce
News for Jan. 2 - Jan. 9, 2015
Royce Offices Seek Summer 2015 Interns
Rep. Royce's D.C., Brea, and Rowland Heights offices offer internship opportunities for college students and recent graduates. Interns complete legislative research, attend Congressional hearings or events in the district, answer phones, read mail, and much more. All three offices are currently accepting applications for
Summer 2015 , apply
here .
Royce Office Holds "Coffee and Grants" Sessions Next Week
Rep. Royce's Brea and Rowland Heights offices will be hosting several events next week to inform the residents, business owners, and nonprofits of California's 39th Congressional District on how to pursue a grant from the federal government. These sessions are open to the public and are free to attend.
For dates, times, and to RSVP, click here .
Rep. Royce Named "100 Most Influential" by OCR
Name:
Ed Royce
Residence:
Fullerton
Why hes an influencer:
As chairman for the House Foreign Affairs Committee for the past two years, Royce played a role this year in calming the Ukraine crisis and has a prominent voice regarding efforts to counter ISIS and North Korea.
Work philosophy:
I believe that you can accomplish a great deal if you do not care who gets the credit. The people of Californias 39th Congressional District have chosen me as their representative, and they always come first.
Thoughts on the government:
I am fighting vigorously for less federal spending, less waste of taxpayer funds and a more limited government. I strongly believe that the more the government grows, the less freedom Americans have.
Inspiration:
My father, Ed Royce Sr., who served with General Pattons Third Army in WWII; and Ronald Reagan, whose principled idealism was an inspiration to generations of conservatives.
Read more
D.C. Office Address Change
Please note, Rep. Royce's Washington office location has changed. The new address is:
2310 Rayburn House Office Building
Washington, D.C.
20515
(202) 225-4111
Visiting our nation's capital? Rep. Royce would love to set up tours for you and your family. Click
here
for scheduling.
CONNECT
Facebook
Youtube
ORANGE COUNTY OFFICE
210 W. Birch Street, Ste 201
Brea, CA 92821
T (714) 255-0101
LOS ANGELES COUNTY OFFICE
1380 S. Fullerton Road, Suite 205
Rowland Heights, CA 91748
T (626) 964-5123
WASHINGTON, DC OFFICE
2310 Rayburn House Office Building
Washington, DC 20515
T (202) 225-4111
UPDATE SUBSCRIPTION OPTIONS
|
PRIVACY POLICY
|
CONTACT US
Click Here Click Here