
Merry Christmas And Happy Holidays To Our Military
Merry Christmas and happy holidays to our military men and women.
We are grateful for your service and all you do to protect our country.
For those military men and women serving overseas, I realize how difficult it is for you to be away from family during the holidays.
Along with many grateful Americans, I wanted to extend my deep felt appreciation for your sacrifices now and throughout the year.
I also hope my fellow Pennsylvanians will join me and my family in a prayer for the safety of our troops.
Please watch my Christmas remarks to our military men and women by clicking
here .
A Deserving Tribute
On Tuesday, the President signed my bipartisan bill to rename the
Woodland Avenue Veterans Affairs Medical Center
after Corporal Michael J. Crescenz - Philadelphia's only Medal of Honor recipient from the Vietnam War. The Senate passed the measure the previous week.
This is great news.
I introduced the bill in the Senate , and I was thrilled to see the House and Senate work together in a bipartisan manner to honor one of our country's great heroes. I look forward to seeing Corporal Crescenz's name above the entrance to this facility.
If you haven't heard this hero's story -
you should take a moment to read it here . It's a story of bravery, courage, and sacrifice.
Honoring A Family Hero
Scouting taught me the importance of civic duty and community engagement. It emphasizes the value of public service, and I see those values in Dalton Yoder, a 17-year-old Eagle Scout from Middleburg in Snyder County.
Dalton's great uncle, Fred Yoder, served in the Army for two years in Vietnam from 1966 to 1968. Fred had earned medals for his service, but never received them. Dalton had heard stories from his great uncle about his service and decided to take action.
In July 2013, Dalton contacted State Rep. Fred Keller, who directed Dalton to my office. After working with Dalton, my office contacted the National Personnel Records Center and, in October 2013, we received the four medals. I offered to preside at a medal ceremony to present Fred with these medals, but this was a special occasion for Dalton. He wanted to present the medals to Fred during his Eagle Scout Court of Honor this fall. And he did just that, much to the surprise of his great uncle.
Our veterans deserve our unwavering support and appreciation for their service and sacrifices for our country. I am glad to help cut through some red tape and streamline the process for folks like Dalton and Fred. I also am proud to see a fellow Eagle Scout working so hard to give his great uncle the credit and gratitude he deserves.
The Yoders and I spoke about Dalton's efforts and this truly great gift on Fox and Friends this week. You can watch that interview
here .
(Photo: Robert Inglis, The Daily Item)
Supporting Our Troops And Defense Programs
Some of the most important responsibilities of Congress are national security and supporting the brave men and women who risk their lives to protect the American people.
While the legislation was not perfect, I recently voted for the bipartisan national defense authorization bill because it is essential for supporting and funding our troops and armed forces. This year's bill funds important defense programs in Pennsylvania at appropriate levels. It also includes provisions that I have advocated for such as protecting an historic landmark in Gettysburg. The bill also included a provision first suggested to me by Berks County Veterans Service Officer Dale Derr enabling state and county veterans affairs officials to more effectively assist service members transitioning back to civilian life.
I look forward to the President signing the measure into law.
You can learn more about how this bill
will help Pennsylvania .
Making Progress, Seeing Results
I've been working on legislation to help our active duty military members, veterans, and their families. I have some good news - we are making progress and seeing results.
First, the Senate passed legislation I sponsored requiring dignified handling of veterans' remains. When our veterans pass, they should be honored in a way that reflects their bravery and sacrifice. I was pleased to partner with the veterans' community and pass this important legislation. You can learn more about it
here .
Next, along with Senator Bob Casey (D-Pa.),
I supported a measure
that updates the charter of the Veterans of Foreign Wars to reflect the important role women have in our military. I am happy to report that the word "men" was replaced with "veterans" and the word "widows" replaced with "surviving spouses." It is a small but significant change. Women have been an important part of our national defense since the American Revolution. I appreciate that the VFW wanted its organizational document to reflect this reality, and it was an honor to be able to help this become law.
Third, the VFW celebrated its 100 th
anniversary. I was glad to sponsor a resolution encouraging all Americans to express their appreciation to veterans and to the VFW for all the work it does for veterans. I am grateful to the VFW for its century of support for our soldiers, sailors, airmen, Marines, and Coast Guard members. The VFW helps veterans and their families across the country and right here in Pennsylvania. I hope all Americans will join me in expressing appreciation for all the VFW has done and continues to do.
I expect the President to sign this bill into law soon.
ALLENTOWN, PA
PH: (610) 434-1444
ERIE, PA
PH: (814) 453-3010
HARRISBURG, PA
PH: (717) 782-3951
JOHNSTOWN, PA
PH: (814) 266-5970
PHILADELPHIA, PA
PH: (215) 241-1090
PITTSBURGH, PA
PH: (412) 803-3501
SCRANTON, PA
PH: (570) 941-3540
WASHINGTON, D.C.
PH: (202) 224-4254
UNSUBSCRIBE
