
Friday January 9, 2015
WEBSITE
|
FORWARD TO A FRIEND
| SHARE ON:
Palazzo Applauds Conservative Victories in
New Congress
WASHINGTON, D.C.
Congressman Steven Palazzo (MS-4)
released
the following statement today applauding
House passage of H.R. 3,
the Keystone XL Pipeline Act, and H.R. 30, the Save American Workers Act of 2015, during the first week of session in the 114 th
Congress:
In our first week back in session, we were able to pass two key pieces of conservative legislation that are the opening salvo in taking on the presidents liberal agenda.
These bills are the first step in restoring American opportunity, getting Americans working again, and repealing the regulations that are strangling our economy.
The Keystone XL Pipeline will create thousands of jobs in America and is a substantial step in our nations path towards energy independence.
The Save American Workers Act eliminates the 30-hour work week provision in Obamacare and redefines full-time as an employee working 40 hours a week. This saves businesses from the damaging effects of another overregulating policy by this administration, and most importantly protects hardworking Americans at risk of losing their jobs or having their hours sliced as a consequence of the Obamacare mandate.
Now that we have a Republican-controlled Senate, free from Harry Reids dictatorship,
I fully expect them to pass both of these bills.
Let this first week of conservative victories serve as a strong
indicator of whats to be expected in the 114 th
Congress.
###
Palazzo is a Marine veteran of the Persian Gulf War and currently serves as a noncommissioned officer in the Mississippi National Guard. The Enlisted Association of the National Guard of the United States awarded Palazzo with the G.V. Sonny Montgomery Eagle Award for his work on the House Armed Services Committee.
He is also a member of the Homeland Security Committee, and the Science, Space, and Technology Committee where he serves as Chairman of the Space Subcommittee.
NOTE: Please DO NOT respond to this email as this inbox is unattended. To contact my office please
click here
UNSUBSCRIBE
|
PRIVACY POLICY
|
CONTACT US
Click Here Click Here