
If you are having trouble viewing this message or would like
to share it on a social network, you can
view the message online .
WEBSITE
CONSTITUENT SERVICES
VISITING DC
December 19, 2014
This week, the 113 th
Congress came
to an end. When the Senate opens back up on January 6, it will be with
a new majority. In the 114 th
Congress, I will be serving
on three committees
the Senate Select Committee on Intelligence, the
Senate Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions (or HELP) Committee, and
the Senate Finance Committee.
I will be stepping down from the
Senate Veterans Affairs Committee after having served seven years as
the Committees Republican Ranking (or lead)
Member.
I consider my time on the Senate Veterans
Affairs Committee to be a privilege. During that time, I had the opportunity
to author and pass into law several pieces of legislation that are
close to my heart, including the Honoring Americas Veterans and Caring
for Camp Lejeune Families Act of 2012, the Caregivers and Veterans
Omnibus Health Services Act of 2010, and the Veterans Access, Choice and
Accountability Act of 2014. I am pleased North Carolina veterans will
continue to be represented on the committee with the able leadership
of Senator-elect Thom Tillis, who will be serving on the panel next
Congress. Though I will no longer be a member of this esteemed committee,
I intend to stay actively involved in passing the Clay Hunt Mental
Health bill, which I introduced this year with Senator
McCain.
Among the final votes taken in the 113th
Congress was the Achieving a Better Life Experience (ABLE) Act.
This soon-to-be law, which some have called the most significant
piece of legislation affecting the disabled since passage of the Americans
with Disabilities Act nearly a quarter century ago, was
overwhelmingly approved by the Senate and the House of Representatives.
I got involved in the ABLE
effort nearly 8 years ago with Senator Casey.
Families of severely
disabled children came to us expressing the critical need for an easy
way to save for their child's future expenses, especially since many
Americans with Down Syndrome and autism are now outliving their
parents.
Most middle-class families don't have the money to spend on
lawyers and financial planners to set up sophisticated trusts to make
sure that their disabled child will be OK long after they are
gone.
What's worse, current federal law actually discourages parents from
putting any assets in the name of their disabled child in fear of
disqualifying them from federal programs down the road. It's utterly
unacceptable that our current laws doom a child born with a disability to
a lifetime of poverty and dependence.
This is especially
unfortunate when a parent or other family member has the resources and the
desire to save and plan for that child's future expenses but are advised
by lawyers and planners not to.
The ABLE Act will take the
first critical step in ending this injustice by allowing parents of
disabled children to use 529 accounts to save for their childs future
expenses much like they can for college. You can watch my floor speech by
clicking below or
clicking
here .
In addition to the ABLE Act, I am
pleased to discuss another law that was passed last week that is of
special importance to North Carolina.
On Friday, the Senate passed
H.R. 3979, a bill that included legislation I authored known as the
Preserving Public Access to Cape Hatteras Beaches Act (S. 486).
The
Hatteras legislation will help tourists and sportsmen gain access to
North Carolinas renowned Outer Banks
beaches.
This new law is a triumph for the Outer Banks region.
The constraining regulations outside interest groups and the Federal
government have imposed on access to our beaches are finally being
addressed.
This is a win for North Carolinians and tourists from
around the country who wish to visit North Carolinas scenic
treasures.
It is my hope that the Park Service will follow these new
guidelines, and I look forward to working with them to ensure that we are
both protecting and enjoying our beaches.
Read
more here .
Finally, Id like
to take a moment to discuss the 2015 budget that Congress passed on
Saturday.
This legislation has been nick-named the Cromnibus, but
it what it really was is legislation to fund the operations of the
federal government for the 2015 fiscal
year.
I voted, with a bipartisan majority of my Senate
colleagues, to pass this legislation.
While not perfect, it
will allow the federal government to continue to run, bringing us into
the new year with a new majority in the United States
Senate.
No one from the mainstream media
has really reported on what was included in budget bill, including the
fact that it kept federal spending below last year.
The bill
included important provisions that were hard-won by my House Republican
colleagues. This legislation funds the majority of the federal
government through September 2015, but we chose to only fund the Department
of Homeland Security (DHS) through February 27, 2015.
This gives
us the ability to enter the 114th Congress with a new majority and a
greater ability to address the serious concerns Republicans have with
the Presidents recent executive amnesty.
When the Senate returns
next year, we will have more Republican votes to end or severely
limit what was clearly an overreach by the
President.
Let me be clear about my personal disapproval of
the President's recent actions regarding amnesty and my fear that his
actions pose a grave threat to our rule of law. In fact, I voted with
Senator Ted Cruz on a point of order as a way of expressing my staunch
disapproval of the actions that the President has taken.
Unfortunately, that point of order
failed.
That said, I must be clear that the budget (or Cromnibus)
bill itself does not in any way authorize, fund or tacitly condone
what I believe to be measures that the President has taken that are
blatantly outside of his authority.
There has been much misreporting
about the bill, and I want to be clear that I would not support any
legislation that I believe would approve or facilitate Obamas
extra-legal actions.
With regard to
other areas of the budget, it should be noted that the legislation
provided no new funding for Obamacare, and it reduces funding for the IRS by
$345 million
the federal entity primarily responsible for the
implementation of Obamacare.
It also provides new, extensive oversight
of the IRS in the wake of allegations of targeting of conservative
groups.
It is my hope that in the 114th Congress we will have a
chance to repeal and replace the health care law.
The budget also
maintains all existing pro-life policies, ensuring taxpayer dollars
are not being used to fund abortions.
In addition, the bill includes the following
provisions:
Banning the Administrations onerous
light bulb standard
Bans
and places limitations on federal agency conferences and
bonuses
Provisions to stop the transfer or
release of Guantanamo detainees into the
U.S
A prohibition on funding for the IRS to target
organizations for regulatory scrutiny based on their ideological beliefs or
for exercising their First Amendment
rights
A $60 million cut and extensive oversight requirements
for the Environmental Protection Agency
Oversight and monitoring requirements to weed out waste and
abuse in nutrition programs
A
pay freeze for the Vice President and senior political
appointees
No funding for the International
Monetary Fund
To see other
provisions of H.R. 83,
click
here .
As always, please reach out to any of my offices
if you have any questions you would like answered or if you would like
to leave a message for me.
I
am proud of the accomplishments of this year but I know that 2015 holds
even more work to be done.
Sincerely,
Richard Burr
Tell a Friend
E-mail:
E-mail:
E-mail:
E-mail Updates
Yes, please periodically send me e-mail
updates.*
*By subscribing to my
e-mail
updates, you are authorizing me to send regular e-mail updates from my
office to your e-mail account.
Asheville
Federal Building
151 Patton Avenue, Suite
204
Asheville, NC 28801
Phone: (828) 350-2437
Fax:
(828) 350-2439
Rocky
Mount
100 Coast Line Street, Room 210
Rocky Mount, NC
27804
Phone: (877)703-2087
Phone: (252) 977-9522
Fax: (252)
977-7902
Washington, DC
217 Russell Senate
Office Building
Washington, DC 20510
Phone: (202)
224-3154
Fax: (202) 228-2981
Winston-Salem
2000 West First Street,
Suite
508
Winston-Salem, NC 27104
Phone: (800) 685-8916
Phone: (336)
631-5125
Fax: (336) 725-4493
Gastonia
City Hall
181 South Street, Room
222
Gastonia, NC 28052
Phone: (704) 833-0854
Fax: (704)
833-1467
Wilmington
201 North
Front Street,
Suite 809
Wilmington, NC 28401
Phone: (888)
848-1833
Phone: (910) 251-1058
Fax: (910) 251-7975
Unsubscribe
|
Update My Profile
|
Privacy
Policy
