
We knew it would be bad, but this is abysmally bad. And here&rsquo;s the REALLY scary part: Republicans are already starting to fill their coffers for 2016
Friend -- I was going over your records, and I saw that you haven&rsquo;t renewed your membership for 2015 yet. You&rsquo;ve been one of our top supporters, and now we need you more than ever.
DSCC Membership Status:
expired
2015 Membership Rate:
$25
(renew membership now)
Republicans have already attacked Social Security, the President&rsquo;s immigration actions, and Obamacare AGAIN -- and that&rsquo;s just been their FIRST WEEK controlling both houses of Congress.
We knew it would be bad, but this is abysmally bad. And here&rsquo;s the REALLY scary part:
Republicans are already starting to fill their coffers for 2016, when they have a chance of winning Congress AND the White House.
That&rsquo;s why we need you now. We just CAN&rsquo;T let them get a big head start on early donations -- it would be devastating to our chances to win the White House and Senate.
Will you renew your membership for 2015 by MIDNIGHT TONIGHT and help us take on the Republicans this year and in 2016?
Thank you,
Laura Carlson
DSCC Membership Coordinator
P.S. If you&#39;ve contributed recently by check, mail, or over the phone, this may not be reflected in your online donor record. But we greatly appreciate your support!
Democratic Senatorial Campaign Committee
P.O. Box 96047
Washington, DC 20090
Paid for by the Democratic Senatorial Campaign Committee, dscc.org,
and not authorized by any candidate or candidate&#39;s committee.
The DSCC is the only organization solely dedicated to supporting Democrats in the U.S. Senate. This message was sent to dj724530@gmail.com because you are a part of the DSCC&rsquo;s grassroots network. Please add us to your address book or approved senders list to make sure you keep receiving DSCC updates.
Emails are a critical way for us to stay in touch with our grassroots supporters. 99% of the DSCC&rsquo;s contributions come from grassroots donors giving less than $200. We also strive to keep you updated on issues related to the Democratic Party&rsquo;s values.
If you&rsquo;d like to stop receiving emails related to this campaign, please
click here .
If you&#39;d like to make a contribution to support us, please
click here . We are already beginning to prepare for the fight ahead &ndash; reclaiming the majority in 2016. It will take every single grassroots supporter, but we know it&rsquo;s possible with your help. If you&rsquo;d like to stop receiving all emails from the DSCC, please
unsubscribe . We greatly appreciate your continued support.
Contributions or gifts to the DSCC are not tax deductible.
