Friend
A couple important things I wanted to highlight for you in the text of the amendments to the DHS funding bill were voting on over the next day or so. See my notes below...
1)
It stops the use of fees.
Many people didnt realize that the U.S. Citizenship and Immigration Services (USCIS)
the agency within the Department of Homeland Security responsible for implementing much of the Presidents executive amnesty plan
is approximately 97%
funded by fees . That means only about 3% of its budget is funded by Congress. Thats why withholding funding back in December, which I wrote to you about, would not have stopped the Presidents executive amnesty
the agency would have continued to operate.
Now, though, by prohibiting the use of agency-collected fees, were able to effectively take the teeth out of the Administration's executive actions. This is something I have been working with the Judiciary Committee on, and is, in my opinion, the most crucial aspect of the amendments. (Read the full text of the amendment,
here .)
2)
It stops the Presidents memos.
These amendments cut the funding from 15 memorandums issued by the Administration as part of its continued efforts to bypass Congress and rewrite our nations immigration laws. The amendment also defunds the ability of aliens to receive any Federal benefits based on these policies.
Congress has the power of the purse and its imperative that we use it . (Read the full text of the amendment,
here .)
3)
It stops DACA.
These amendments cut funding for the consideration of any new, renewed, or previously denied applications for deferred action for childhood arrivals (DACA). No amnesty means no amnesty
its that simple. (Read the full text of the amendment,
here .)
While much work remains to be done to secure our borders, enforce our current laws, and restore the rule of law, rolling back the President's unconstitutional action is a good first step. Ill keep you posted as this moves to the House floor.
Yours in service,
Randy
P.S. The Department of Homeland Security funding bill itself provides
for
the largest operational force lev els
in the history of the Customs and Border Protection agency, as well as several critical border security initiatives (including around-the-clock surveillance of air, land, and sea approaches to the border). Additionally, it strengthens internal enforcement efforts, including Immigration and Customs Enforcement detention programs.
----------------------------------------------------------------
From:
Forbes, Randy
Sent:
Monday, January 12, 2015 4:12 PM
To:
Forbes, Randy
Subject:
Quick fyi
Quick heads up
were expected to be voting on the Department of Homeland Security funding bill over the next day or so, and with it, 5 amendments, which will cut funding from the Presidents executive actions on immigration and restrict him from taking similar actions in the future. This includes prohibiting the use of agency-collected fees (which I talked about back in December) that make up about 97% of the U.S. Citizenship and Immigration Services (USCIS) budget. The USCIS is the agency responsible for implementing the Presidents executive amnesty plan.
Ill be sending out my notes on text of the legislation later, for now wanted you to be able to read the text of the proposed bill and amendments, available here:
http://rules.house.gov/bill/114/hr-240
Thanks,
Randy
Sent from my iPhone
Click Here
to view this email in your browser
Click Here
to be removed from this list