
For Immediate Release
Lorenz.Isidro@mail.house.gov
Wednesday Jan 28, 2015
(202) 225-3465
U.S. Representative Massie Re-introduces Bill to Eliminate Tax on Social Security Benefits
Taxing these benefits is an accounting sleight of hand that redistributes portions of the Social Security trust fund to other areas of government
WASHINGTON, D.C.
Congressman Thomas Massie re-introduced the Senior Citizens Tax Elimination Act (H.R. 589), which would eliminate income taxes on Social Security benefits. The bill would boost the retirement income of millions of older Americans.
Original co-sponsors include Congressman Ron DeSantis (R-FL), Congressman Louie Gohmert (R-TX), Congressman David Jolly (R-FL), Congressman Jim Bridenstine (R-OK), Congressman Trent Franks (R-AZ), freshman Congressman Rod Blum (R-IA), and freshman Congressman Alex Mooney (R-WV).
Social Security is financed with Americans tax dollars, so taxing Social Security is double-taxing by the Federal Government, said Congressman Massie. Taxing Social Security reduces benefits to seniors.
Congressman Ron DeSantis said, "Americans pay taxes their entire working lives to support Social Security, so there is no reason why these earned benefits should be taxed once again when they receive them. Congressman Massies legislation promotes transparency by blowing the whistle on the Federal Government for double-taxation while protecting our senior citizens."
Congressman David Jolly said, Seniors should not be taxed for a benefit they rightfully earned by paying into Social Security for decades.
The current system penalizes seniors as a way to support a government that is living beyond its means.
We should instead focus on securing Social Security for all generations in a responsible and sustainable way."
"It is problematic enough to pay high taxes on income when it is earned the first time. But, to turn around and tax Social Security benefits as a portion is being returned is unfair and can be harmful to seniors just trying to get by after a long life of work. This bill is not only the just and right thing to do, it is the helpful thing to do," said Congressman Louie Gohmert.
"West Virginia seniors need relief from higher costs of living, said Congressman Alex Mooney. Seniors have worked hard to earn their Social Security benefits and have already been taxed on their contributions to Social Security.
The Federal Government tax on Social Security is a double-tax and its repeal would provide an immediate increase in benefits for our seniors."
I am proud to co-sponsor Congressman Massies bill to protect our seniors, said Congressman Rod Blum. This is a common sense bill that will end the double-taxation of our seniors. Our seniors pay enough taxes on their Social Security on the front end, and it is irresponsible for the government to tax them twice.
Dan Weber, President of AMAC, the Association of Mature American Citizens, said
AMAC is proud to stand with Congressman Massie today as he introduces the Senior Citizens Tax Elimination Act. This bill rightly eliminates the unfair income tax on Social Security benefits and ensures that older Americans, who have paid into Social Security throughout their careers, are not excessively taxed by the Federal government. Given that mature Americans and seniors have already paid tax on their Social Security contributions via the payroll tax, it is irresponsible for the government to
double-tax
the benefit in order to generate more revenue. The Senior Citizens Tax Elimination Act will not only enable beneficiaries to retain more money for retirement, but it will restore integrity to the Social Security program. As an organization committed to representing the interests of older Americans, we encourage Congress to support this commonsense legislation and to protect the benefit our seniors have earned.
The purpose of Social Security is to provide people with financial support during retirement, not to be another source of tax revenue for the Federal Government. Under this legislation, Social Security benefits would neither be taxable nor reportable on individual tax returns, thus restoring the integrity of the program.
Taxing these benefits is an accounting sleight of hand that redistributes portions of the Social Security trust fund to other areas of government, Congressman Massie concluded.
Congressman Massie introduced a previous version of the bill on January 16th, 2014. The Association of Mature American Citizens supports the legislation.
###
NOTE: Please DO NOT respond to this email as this inbox is unattended. To contact my office please
click here
UPDATE SUBSCRIPTION OPTIONS
|
PRIVACY POLICY
|
CONTACT US
