
If you are having trouble viewing
this message or would like to share it on a social network, you can
view the message
online .
Home
Contact Me
About
Services
News
Issues
December 07, 2014
Dear
David,
It's the holiday season and the Christmas spirit is also in
Washington with the lighting of the Capitol Christmas tree. This year's
tree, an 88 foot white spruce, comes from the Chippewa National Forest
in Minnesota. You can see video of the tree lighting ceremony on my
Facebook
and
Twitter
pages.
It's great to have a piece of Minnesota in the nation's capital,
however, it doesn't look quite right without a little
snow!
Speaking of Christmas, there is good news for those of us concerned about
the threat of zebra mussels in Christmas Lake. I asked the
Environmental Protection Agency (EPA) to grant approval for a treatment
application in the lake that has been shown to be 100% effective in eliminating
this invasive species. Individual zebra mussels can lay up to 500,000
eggs a year and wreak havoc on a lake's ecosystem. The good news
is the EPA granted the request.
And finally, it's important
to remember that today is a significant day in United States history.
As President Roosevelt said, December 7 will be "a date which will
live in infamy" as we were attacked at Pearl Harbor exactly 73 years
ago. We will never forget the lives lost and the brave men and women who
answered the call to fight in World War II.
Have a great
week and if I can be of help to you or your family, please give my
office a call. Join the conversation online by visiting my
website ,
Facebook page ,
Twitter , and make sure to watch my most recent video,
Erik's Correspondence Corner .
Sincerely,
Erik Paulsen
Member of Congress
Helping
Individuals with Disabliities
It's been a long road, but this
week the House of Representatives passed one of the first bills I
cosponsored after being elected to Congress, the
Achieving a Better
Life Experience (ABLE) Act . The bill establishes tax-free
investment accounts so individuals with disabilities and their families can
save money to be used for education, transportation, health care, and
other expenses. Raising a child with a disability can be emotionally and
financially draining, and we need
to
make it easier for these families to save money for their care and not
be penalized for doing so."
National
Parks Bill Passes House
Have you vacationed in one of
America's National Parks? They offer beautiful scenery and history -- in
Minnesota we have Voyageurs National Park and the Mississippi River and
Recreation Area. I am excited that my legislation to provide support for
the parks passed the House last week and is expected to soon be signed
into law by the President.
My bill authorizes the U.S.
Mint to produce commemorative coins for the 100th anniversary of the
National Park Service. The coins will consist of a five dollar gold
dollar, a silver dollar, and a clad half dollar with the proceeds going to
the National Park Foundation. There is no cost to taxpayers but our
National Parks will get the
benefit.
Supporting the Families of Fallen Public Safety Officers
Every
single day, police officers and firefighters in Minnesota put their
lives on the line in order to keep our communities safe. We were reminded
of this fact in recent months when a Mendota Heights police officer
lost his life in the line of duty. I'm authoring legislation to ensure
and clarify that family members of fallen public safety officers will
receive the full death benefit they are entitled to. The bill, the
Don't Tax Our Fallen Public Safety Heroes Act , makes sure that
these benefits are exempt from federal income taxes. Families should
not face an excessive tax burden should their loved one give the
ultimate sacrifice protecting us and our communities.
Erik and his staff volunteering at PROP Food Shelf in Eden
Prairie.
Congressman Paulsen and General Nash of the Minnesota National
Guard at the Nordic American Thanksgiving Breakfast in
Bloomington.
Erik celebrating Thanksgiving with his parents, Jerry and
Janet.
###
Unsubscribe
|
Update My Profile
|
Privacy Policy
