DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.0 Transitional//EN" "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml1/DTD/xhtml1-transitional.dtd"
District Update | January 23, 2015
Click here
if you have trouble viewing this email
Dear Friends,
Like many Americans, I listened intently to President Obama during his State of the Union speech this week. As there are still Californians that feel left behind by this economic recovery, I was hoping to hear substantial proposals that would address stagnating wages, a middling housing market, and our labor markets historically low participation rate. House Republicans, joined by Democrats, have already moved to restore a 40-hour work week, spur construction of the Keystone Pipeline, and encourage small businesses to hire veterans.
I am concerned about the Presidents proposal to start taxing 529s, one of the most widely utilized college savings accounts for middle class families putting away so they can provide their child a quality higher education. Families on average contribute $175 a month to their 529 and the average balance of a 529 is $19,774
meaning that the President is proposing the federal government go after middle class Americans doing the right thing by saving ahead of time for college costs. Our country should be pursuing tested, pro-growth policies that help America's hardworking taxpayers succeed, not promoting new taxes that make it less affordable to build up college savings.
Bipartisan initiatives such as increasing domestic manufacturing activity through boosting exports and simplifying our tax code are ways to ensure wage growth and economic prosperity throughout our country. Its time to do the serious work of reducing our national deficit, lowering energy costs, and creating good-paying jobs, and Im willing to work with any one, regardless of party, to get the job done.
Sincerely,
Ed Royce
News for Jan. 16 - Jan. 23, 2015
Rep. Royce to Speak at FAFSA Information Event at Mt. SAC
Rep. Royce will be visiting the campus of Mt. San Antonio College on
February 21, 2015,
to speak at Session One of a college financing workshop focused on successful completion of the Free Application for Financial Student Aid (FAFSA).
The event will be an excellent resource for high school students interested in learning more about paying for their college education this year or in the near future. Parents are encouraged to attend also.
For event details, please contact Mt. SAC Scholarship Program Office at (909) 274-4457 or
scholarships@mtsac.edu .
Royce Office Hosts Military Academy Night in March
Every year, Rep. Royce has the privilege of nominating high school students from California's 39th Congressional District to our nation's prestigious military academies.
This March, his staff will host a "Military Academy Night" that will serve as an informational session for students and parents interested in learning more about the application and nomination process. Past graduates from the academies and official liaison officers will also be on hand. Event details are below:
Royce Military Academy Night
Date: Monday, March 16th
Time: 7:00 PM - 9:00 PM
Location: Buena Park City Hall
6650 Beach Blvd.
Buena Park, CA 90622
For more details or to RSVP, contact Stephanie Hu at (626) 964-5123 or
Stephanie.Hu@mail.house.gov .
Striving to expose history's wrongs of 'comfort women'
The memory is painful enough that, seven decades after the fact, Sook Jung Lee trembled while talking about it.
Lee, 81, of Fullerton needed to hold on to someone because she hasnt been able to let go of what has troubled her since she was a little girl growing up in Korea and was close with a former comfort woman. So she sat quietly Sunday, in the audience of about 80 people, at the Fullerton Public Library to meet Bill Andrews, author of Daughters of the Dragon
A Comfort Womans Story.
That comfort women kept as sex slaves are not fiction. The Japanese government once denied the crime, but historians estimate between 20,000 and 200,000 young Korean women, as well as other women from throughout Asia and the Pacific Island region,were forced to be comfort women. A few survivors have come forward to tell the stories of how they were raped and beaten, threatened at knifepoint and tortured until they submitted.
Also in attendance Sunday was Rep. Ed Royce of the 39th district.
In 2007, Royce was one of the original six co-sponsors of House Resolution 121, which expressed that the government of Japan should formally acknowledge, apologize and accept historical responsibility in a clear and unequivocal manner for its Imperial Armed Forces coercion of young women into sexual slavery, known to the world as comfort women, during its colonial and wartime occupation of Asia and the Pacific Islands from the 1930s through the duration of World War II.
Royce said: We cant get the future right if we get the past wrong. ... We cannot continue to deny history.
Read more
Chairman Royce Announces Hearing on Iran Nuclear Negotiations
Rep. Royce, Chairman of the House Foreign Affairs Committee, announced the Committees first hearing of the 114th Congress will examine the ongoing Iran nuclear negotiations. The hearing, entitled
Iran Nuclear Negotiations After the Second Extension: Where Are They Going? ," will be on January 27.
Learn more
CONNECT
Facebook
Youtube
ORANGE COUNTY OFFICE
210 W. Birch Street, Ste 201
Brea, CA 92821
T (714) 255-0101
LOS ANGELES COUNTY OFFICE
1380 S. Fullerton Road, Suite 205
Rowland Heights, CA 91748
T (626) 964-5123
WASHINGTON, DC OFFICE
2310 Rayburn House Office Building
Washington, DC 20515
T (202) 225-4111
UPDATE SUBSCRIPTION OPTIONS
|
PRIVACY POLICY
|
CONTACT US
Click Here Click Here