
If you are having trouble viewing this message or would like
to share it on a social network, you can
view the message online .
Home
|
About
|
How Can I Help?
|
Media
|
Issues
|
The 6th District
Dear
Friends:
Getting Our VA Hospital
Built
Late on Tuesday, 9 December the
United States Civilian Board of Contract Appeals issued its findings
regarding the dispute between the Veterans Administration (VA) and
Kiewit-Turner (K-T), the general contractor over the construction of the new
VA hospital in Aurora. The board found on all counts that the VA was
in the wrong, that the VA had materially breached the contract, and
upheld all of the claims sought by K-T. K-T then informed the VA that
has ceased all construction activity on the
project.
As a U.S. Marine Corps combat veteran
and as the congressman from the district where the VA hospital is being
built, I am focused on getting this resolved as soon as possible. This
is essential to ensure that the men and women who have served our
country in uniform can receive the health care they have earned and so
the 1,400 constructions workers, at the hospital construction site, can
go back to work.
I
should add that I am deeply disappointed that VAs mismanagement of the
project has come to this because the veterans of the Rocky Mountain
West have waited more than a decade for this hospital which is now
hundreds of millions over budget and years behind
schedule.
This dispute has been ongoing for
years and the VAs decision to litigate rather than address its own
construction management failures is largely to blame for these problems.
Consequently, the VAs credibility as a competent manager for complex
construction projects has evaporated. A new approach to the management
of this project is essential.
VAs mismanagement of its construction goes well beyond the
Aurora project, every major construction project that the VA is
currently working on is also dramatically over budget and behind schedule.
Accordingly, Ive introduced legislation to have the US Army
Corps of Engineers, which has built similar projects for the
Department of Defense, on schedule and within budget, to oversee all ongoing
VA construction projects.
My legislation passed the House
unanimously but the current senate majority leader has refused to allow
action in the Senate.
KT
has demanded, as a condition of returning to work, that the Army Corps
of Engineers take over the project from the VA and see it to
completion, and I will work with my congressional colleagues to find the money
to cover the cost overruns.
There is nothing I can do about the
costly mistakesthe VA has already made but I can tell my colleagues in
Washington, D.C. that the Army Corps of Engineers will do everything
it can to bring down the cost and get the job
done.
We have an obligation to our veterans
and to our taxpayers to ensure the flawed process revealed in the
Boards decision does not continue to drive up the costs of this project
or other projects needed to serve our veterans.
Sincerely,
Mike
Coffman
U.S. Representative
If you would like to sign up to
receive regular email updates from Mike, please visit
this link
$ 17,992,554,8415,348
Share on
Facebook
Share on Twitter
Share on
LinkedIn
House to probe VAs
contracting scandals
By Jim
McMcElhatton
WashingtonTimes.com
Published December 9,
2014
The chairman of a
House investigative subcommittee overseeing the Veterans Affairs
Department says lawmakers are planning a series of hearings in the new Congress
next year to investigate ongoing VA contracting
scandals.
Rep. Mike Coffman , the Colorado Republican who
heads investigations for the House Committee on Veterans Affairs, said
in an interview that he expects a critical mass of whistleblowers to
help the panel probe mismanagement in the agencys $15 billion-plus
procurement system.
Theres no question that there are
a lot of problems there, he said. My hope is that the subcommittee
will be a catalyst for change.
He said he wants to
probe further on a recent inspector generals report that found a senior
contracting official leaked protected information while trying to
strong-arm staffers into using reverse auction company
FedBid.
That inspector general investigation also showed the company
plotted to assassinate the character of another senior VA executive who
questioned the contractors costs and complained about mismanagement of
the contract.
Ultimately, the inspector general
recommended the company be disbarred from VA contracting and the contracting
official, Susan Taylor, resigned. The agency cut ties with the
company. FedBid has denied any wrongdoing and said its cooperated with the
inspector general investigation.
But Mr. Coffman said other agencies doing business with
the company ought to be looking under the covers to see if theyve got
the same issues.
In another example, the VA was
recently sued for entering into a construction deal for a medical center in
western Pennsylvania with a project manager under FBI investigation
who was convicted of embezzlement.
And the Government
Accountability Office has raised concerns about delays of VA
construction projects in several states in recent years.
What you
have in the VA is mismanagement in the procurement system combined
with a lack of oversight, Mr. Coffman said.
Mr. Coffman
has railed against problems with a hospital project in his home state
of Colorado, where costs rose from $600 million to about $1
billion.
Earlier this year, he introduced a bill to require that
the VA appoint a special project manager from the U.S. Army Corps of
Engineers to oversee delayed VA hospital projects.
While
procurement fraud and mismanagement will be a big focus in the
upcoming Congress, the congressman said lawmakers need to ensure that
whistleblowers are protected when they pass along information about abuse
and mismanagement.
Weve done certain things to protect
whistleblowers and will continue to do so, he
said.
Mr. Coffman said the committee staff frequently hears from
whistleblowers inside the agency, often anonymously, who will let us know whats
going on and we need to maintain that trust.
He said hes encouraged by new Secretary Bob
McDonalds pledge to ensure a whistleblower-friendly culture at VA,
but hes not confident that things really have
changed.
I think the new secretary wants to make a difference, but I think
hes also struggling to make a difference, Mr. Coffman
said.
Contractor building VA hospital in Aurora
cancels contract and stops work
By Fox
News 31 Web Staff
KDVR.com
Published December 9,
2014
DENVER
A federal board of appeals ruled the
Veterans Administration broke its contract with the contractor building the
new VA hospital in Aurora. The contractor, Kiewit-Turner is stopping
work at the project.
FOX31 Denver received
emails from people who said they were construction workers who were told
to go home when they showed up for work late
Tuesday.
The Veterans Administration said in a statement that it
learned Tuesday night that Kiewit-Turner canceled the contract and that
the contractors are stopping work at the site immediately. VA is
currently exploring alternatives and will provide additional information as
it becomes available. VA is committed to building this replacement
hospital. In the meantime the Denver VA hospital continues to provide
quality care to our Veterans.
The VA hospital
construction project near I-225 and Colfax Avenue has
been
plagued with
delays
because of design changes, cost overruns and the heated
dispute between the VA and the construction
company.
The original price tag was $582.8 million. But Kiewit-Turner
said it could not finish the project for less than $1 billion. It
previously told the board it had the right to stop work on the project
until additional funding was secured to pay for
it.
The
Civilian Board of
Contract Appeals agreed with the contractors
that the
VA did not meet its contractual obligation by producing a design that
could be built for $604 million, the amount authorized by Congress. The
Board also said the VA designed a project that would cost more than
$1 billion.
Kiewit-Turner said, Because
actual estimates put the project at more than $1 billion, it is clear that
the VA does not have the funds to continue construction and the VA
has publicly stated it would not seek additional funds. Accordingly,
Kiewit-Turner has now notified the VA that it will immediately cease all
work on the project and begin a safe and orderly process to secure the
site.
Members of Colorados congressional
delegation reacted quickly.
Finally, the VA
is being held accountable, U.S. Senator Michael Bennet said. Now we
should move forward to provide Colorados veterans with better access
to health care services and build them the facility they deserve. The
VA should take steps to unlock reserve funds to complete this project
in the most efficient and responsible manner possible. Our veterans
have waited far too long for this hospital to be
built.
U.S. Congressman Mike Coffman
said,
The Veterans Administrations core mission is to provide for the
health care and other benefits that the men and women who have served our
country in the military have earned. The VA is clearly not a
construction entity and they need to get out of the business so that we can
better meet the needs of our veterans by getting these facilities built.
The mismanagement of the Aurora construction project is not an
isolated problem, every major construction project that the VA is currently
working on is dramatically over budget and behind
schedule.
Coffman plans to call a meeting with the Colorado
congressional delegation and the VA to find a path forward. We have an
obligation to our veterans to get this hospital built and we have an
obligation to the taxpayers to do everything we can to bring down the
cost.
Washington Office
2443
Rayburn HOB
Washington, D.C.
20515
Phone: (202) 225-7882
Fax: (202) 226-4623
District Office
Cherry Creek
Place IV
3300 S. Parker Road,
Suite #305
Aurora, CO
80014
Phone: (720) 748-7514
Fax: (720) 748-7680
Unsubscribe
|
Update My Profile
|
Privacy Policy
