DOCTYPE html
January 18, 2015
Congressman McHenry Weekly Update
Defunding Obama's Executive Action on Immigration
In December House Republicans vowed to fight President Obama's illegal executive action on immigration in the new year.
The President himself has stated on numerous occasions that
acting unilaterally is outside his power
and yet he did it anyway.
This action required a strong reaction from Congress and this week we followed through on that promise with
House passage of H.R. 240 .
This legislation fully funds the Department of Homeland Security while also blocking all funding for the President's executive action announced in late November.
H.R. 240 will also block all funding for the President's deferred action program announced in 2012 and also increased funding for the Customs and Border Protection (CBP),
giving the CBP its largest operational force in hits history .
It was strong action included in this legislation that led it to receiving support from elected officials and outside organizations including NumbersUSA and the Federation for American Immigration Reform.
To learn more about H.R. 240, please click the image below.
With the House having acted to stop the President's unconstitutional immigration actions, it is now up to the Senate to continue the fight against this egregious executive overreach.
My full statement on passage of this vital bill is
here .
Financial Services Committee Vice Chairman
This week I was honored to be
selected to serve as the Vice Chairman
for the House Financial Services Committee in the 114th Congress.
I have been on the Committee since my first term in Congress and spent the previous two years as Chairman of the Oversight and Investigations Subcommittee.
I look forward to working with Chairman Jeb Hensarling and our colleagues on the committee for the next two years as we continue our efforts to hold both the federal government and Wall Street accountable to the American people.
Click the image below to see my full statement on this important appointment.
Proud to Support
American small businesses have been strangled by Washington red-tape for too long.
This week, the House passed legislation to roll back some of these job-killing regulations
with the passage of H.R. 37 , the Promoting Job Creation and Reducing Small Business Burdens Act.
This bipartisan bill is a package of 11 individual bills that begin to unwind some of the over 400 new regulations produced by Dodd-Frank.
This legislation marks another important step on the path to achieving the new Republican Congress' stated goals of jumpstarting our economy and creating jobs for the American people.
You can learn more about this crucial regulatory relief bill by clicking the image below:
What I Have Been Reading
Local veterans advocate to receive state's Order of the Long Leaf Pine
The Lincoln Times-News
Congratulations to Lincolnton's Dale Punch on receiving the prestigious Order of the Long Leaf Pine.
A Vietnam War veteran, Punch has served as a leading advocate for North Carolina's veteran community for years now.
Dale has also served as a great resource for me since my election to Congress.
He has served as a vital adviser on veterans and military issues as a member of my Military Advisory Council.
The Order of the Long Leaf Pine is a high honor and few are more deserving of receiving it than Dale.
The 14 Best Startup Cities in America
Popular Mechanics
Asheville has long been known for its strong support for small businesses and entrepreneurs so it is good to see it gain some national attention.
The magazine references the city's booming craft beer industry as well as local inucubators and public/private business partnerships when ranking Asheville as the second best startup city in America.
Efforts in Catawba afoot to revive Champions Tour golf tournament
The Charlotte Observer
Over the past decade the annual Greater Hickory Classic Champions Tour golf tournament has had a positive impact on Catawba County, bringing national attention to the area.
While this years tournament was left off the schedule due to sponsorship issues, I am encouraged to see that the Catawba County community is not giving up hope for the tournament as they seek new sponsorship opportunities.
WASHINGTON, D.C. OFFICE
2334 Rayburn HOB
Washington, D.C. 20515
Telephone: 202.225.2576
Fax: 202.225.0316
HICKORY DISTRICT OFFICE
87 4th St. NW, Ste A, PO Box 1830
Hickory, NC 28603
Telephone: 828.327.6100
Toll-Free in NC: 800.477.2576
Fax: 828.327.8311
GASTONIA DISTRICT OFFICE
Suite 115
Gaston Co. Administrative Bldg
128 West Main Avenue
Gastonia, NC 28053
Telephone: 704.833.0096
BLACK MTN. DISTRICT OFFICE
160 Midland Avenue
Black Mountain, NC 28711
Telephone: 828.669.0600
Click Here Click Here