
Welcome to the January 26 edition of Democratic Insider: Top News for Our Top Supporters!
Friend -- Welcome to the January 26 edition of
Democratic Insider: Top News for Our Top Supporters!
Introducing... the GOP Presidential Merry-Go-Round!
It&rsquo;s on! Republicans are sorting out which of their tired candidates has the best chance -- or the least worst chance -- against a Democratic nominee in 2016. Will it be&hellip;
Mitt Romney?
He&rsquo;s reportedly putting out feelers to 2012 campaign staff and funders. (See
This Will Make You Laugh
below.)
Chris Christie?
He&rsquo;s not hiding his national ambitions, even in his annual speech to the New Jersey legislature.
Rand Paul?
He&rsquo;s snapping up advisors&hellip; but also insulting Social Security recipients. Whoops!
Marco Rubio?
He&rsquo;s already talking about possible replacements for his Senate seat.
Jeb Bush?
Because obviously what America needs more than anything is a THIRD President Bush.
Fun fact: At least four possible GOP presidential candidates were at the Koch brothers&rsquo; exclusive gathering of rich conservatives last weekend. Auditioning, perhaps?
Action Center
That was quick! Last week, the GOP House passed a harmful and regressive bill that would take away women&rsquo;s
existing
health insurance coverage for abortion. And to add insult to injury, they did it on the anniversary of the Supreme Court&rsquo;s 1973
Roe v. Wade
decision, which enshrined a woman&rsquo;s right to choose!
Add your name to our petition to tell Republicans to drop these constant attacks on women&rsquo;s health! Sign on here &gt;&gt;
No Lame Duck
Last week, President Obama delivered his sixth State of the Union address -- and in it, he laid out two new initiatives that will help more folks achieve the American dream.
We put together a handy guide:
Community College Initiative
The President called for a new $60 billion investment over 10 years to help students pay for community college
The cost would be shared by the federal government and participating states
The program could help as many as 9 million students
Paid Leave Initiative
The President called on Congress to pass a law that allows workers to earn 7 paid sick days annually
He also called for funding to states to start their own family and medical leave insurance programs
He will sign an executive action to allow federal workers to advance their sick days to use as parental leave when they have a child
Thank you President Obama for pushing for a more educated, equitable, and family-friendly nation!
Chart of the Week
The health exchanges portion of Obamacare took effect at the start of 2014. Notice the big drop-off in the uninsured rate around that time?
Takeaway: Obamacare is working!
9
Spotlight on: Senator Jon Tester (Montana)
As the DSCC&rsquo;s new chair, Senator Tester will lead efforts to hold Republicans accountable for their extremism and support Democratic candidates in taking back the Senate in 2016.
Before running for office, Senator Tester was a third-generation farmer and music teacher in Big Sandy, Montana (his family farm still produces safflower oil). After serving in the Montana legislature, he was elected to the U.S. Senate in 2006 and reelected in 2012.
Senator Tester serves on the Veterans&rsquo; Affairs, Homeland Security, Indian Affairs, Banking, and Appropriations Committees. He is also a champion of rural issues.
This Will Make You Laugh
Mitt Romney must have missed the Presidential campaign life! Strangely, satirical newspaper
The Onion
predicted this back in 2012 with its humorous article
Mitt Romney Terrified What Will Happen If He Ever Stops Running For President.
Excerpt: &ldquo;Who knows, if I lose this year, maybe I could still try again in 2016... There&rsquo;s nothing wrong with trying three times, right?&rdquo;
Thanks for reading!
Democratic Senatorial Campaign Committee
P.O. Box 96047
Washington, DC 20090
Paid for by the Democratic Senatorial Campaign Committee, dscc.org,
and not authorized by any candidate or candidate&#39;s committee.
The DSCC is the only organization solely dedicated to supporting Democrats in the U.S. Senate. This message was sent to dj724530@gmail.com because you are a part of the DSCC&rsquo;s grassroots network. Please add us to your address book or approved senders list to make sure you keep receiving DSCC updates.
Emails are a critical way for us to stay in touch with our grassroots supporters. 99% of the DSCC&rsquo;s contributions come from grassroots donors giving less than $200. We also strive to keep you updated on issues related to the Democratic Party&rsquo;s values.
If you&rsquo;d like to stop receiving emails related to this campaign, please
click here .
If you&#39;d like to make a contribution to support us, please
click here . We are already beginning to prepare for the fight ahead &ndash; reclaiming the majority in 2016. It will take every single grassroots supporter, but we know it&rsquo;s possible with your help. If you&rsquo;d like to stop receiving all emails from the DSCC, please
unsubscribe . We greatly appreciate your continued support.
Contributions or gifts to the DSCC are not tax deductible.
