
If you are having trouble viewing this message or would like to
share it on a social network, you can
view the message online .
HOME
ABOUT
CONTACT ME
SERVING YOU
MEDIA CENTER
OUR
DISTRICT
RESOURCES
December 18, 2014
Dear Friend,
These last few days, I've been
listening to a lot of constituents, and frankly I'm stunned at the
level of misinformation that's been circulating about the FY 2015 Omnibus
and what that means for immigration in the next Congress. For you, I
want to set things straight.
All told, the 2015 Omnibus
represents one of the lowest spending plans enacted in more than half a
century, coming in under the ground-breakingly conservative Ryan budget
and addressing immediate priorities in a fiscally responsible
way.
With the national debt at record highs and the White Houses
credibility at record lows, we stripped funding for President Obamas
Race-to-the-Top education initiative, a direct response to the
concerned Americans across the country who, like many in Georgias
9 th
district, have taken the time to talk to Members of Congress about
what this means at the local level.
Weve been able to
cripple the politically-motivated abuses of power at the IRS by cutting
more than $345 million in funding for the agency, which is, by
President Obamas design, the heartbeat of Obamacare
enforcement.
At the same time, the legislation held back more funds for the Centers
for Medicare and Medicaid Services which would be used to continue the
disastrous implementation of Obamacare.
The
constitutionally-mandated appropriations responsibilities of COngress haven't
produced a perfect, ideal-across-the-board spending agreement in more than 2
centuries. But this month, the 113 th
Congress passed the
best appropriations package that represented the values and priorities
of the American people it possibly could have done.
The
House of Representatives is the piece of the federal government closest
to the people. We could not, and we did not, allow President Obamas
politically-motivated actions on immigration entice us to step away from
our responsibility to keep the federal government functioning to
engage him in his cynical fight over immigration.
Where he has
created a problem, House Republicans will create a solution: free from
the threats and the fears of a government shutdown. As youre reading
this e-mail, Im in the drafting stages of my own legislation to
fight the president on his executive actions on immigration and working
with other colleagues who are doing the same.
I commit to you
that we will engage in this fight, and we will bring forward a plan
that is best for this country. As always, I'm here to listen to
what you have to say .
Sincerely,
Doug
Collins
Member of Congress
Tell a Friend
E-mail:
E-mail Updates
Yes,
please periodically send me e-mail updates.*
*By subscribing to my
e-mail updates, you are
authorizing me to send regular e-mail updates from my office to your
e-mail account.
Washington D.C.
Office
513 Cannon House Office Building
Washington, DC 20515
Phone: (202) 225-9893
Gainesville
Office
111 Green St. SE
Gainesville, GA 30501
Phone:
(770) 297-3388
Unsubscribe
|
Update My Profile
|
Privacy Policy
