DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.0 Transitional//EN" "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml1/DTD/xhtml1-transitional.dtd"
If you are having trouble reading this email,
please view the web version .
Bills that Could Become Law Soon
This week, I chaired a Health Subcommittee hearing to look at a number of bills with bipartisan backing that could pass this Congress. Among the bills was my own legislation to speed the process of scheduling FDA-approved drugs that are controlled substances. Currently, the Drug Enforcement Agency has bureaucratic barriers that delay scheduling of a drug for months. Democrat Frank Pallone and I sponsored a bill that would give them a hard deadline for scheduling a substance and for approving clinical trials that use tightly regulated drugs. We also looked at a bill to help more veterans become certified EMTs and measures to help improve trauma care and fight prescription drug abuse. To view my opening statement from the hearing,
CLICK HERE .
President Drops Plan to Tax College Savings
In the State of the Union address, President Obama proposed raising taxes in a variety of ways, including a new tax on college savings plans. This money was to be used in part to pay for the free community college plan. It makes little sense to tax the hard-earned college savings of millions in order to pay for school for others. After intense criticism, including by many in the Presidents own party, the plan was disavowed this week. Of course, it had no chance of being brought up by a Republican Congress. It does indicate that the President doesnt have clear ways to pay for billions in new spending without taxing middle class Americans.
House Passes 12 Bills to Fight Human Trafficking
Human trafficking is a horrible crime, modern day slavery that is a $32 billion industry worldwide. Believe it or not, trafficking is a problem right here in the U.S., not just something that happens in foreign countries. This week, we passed a number of different measures to take aim at traffickers and to help victims.
Were hoping that these various measures give law enforcement new tools to stop traffickers, give prosecutors help in convicting criminals, help train medical personnel to recognize trafficking, and give assistance to recovering victims. All of these bills passed the House with strong bipartisan support and I hope they are quickly taken up by the Senate and sent to the President.
Senate Passes Keystone XL Bill
Yesterday, the Senate passed its own version of legislation to allow the Keystone XL pipeline to move forward. Since the bill is not identical to the one passed by the House a few weeks ago, we will have to pass it again here before it goes to the President. In just one month, the Senate has voted on dozens more amendments than they considered in the entire previous Congress under Harry Reid. While the President may veto the bill, this is a good sign that things will get through the Senate this year and onto the Presidents desk.
Op-ed of the Week: What We Have to Work on This Year
Congress has been unable to accomplish much in the past few years, being divided between Republicans in the House and Democrats in the Senate. While I personally was able to help guide two dozen health bills into law last Congress, none of these were major solutions to our biggest problems.
READ MORE
Facebook
Podcast
Tell Joe Your Opinion
Issues
The 16th District
Ask Joe For Help
The Government
Legislation
Press
About Joe Pitts
Photo Gallery
Please feel free to
forward this email to your friends and family .
Recent Videos
The Tenth Amendment
Rep. Pitts reads the Tenth Amendment as part of the House reading of the U.S. Constitution.
Religious Freedom in India
Rep. Pitts discusses recent setbacks for religious freedom in India.
Washington, D.C. Office
420 Cannon House Office Building
Washington, DC 20515
(1st Street and Independence Avenue)
202-225-2411
202-225-2013 (fax)
Chester County Office
Post Office Box 837
Unionville, PA 19375
(Routes 82 and 926)
610-444-4581
610-444-5750 (fax)
Lancaster Office
150 North Queen Street
Suite 716 (7th floor)
Lancaster, PA 17603
717-393-0667
717-393-0924 (fax)
Click Here Click Here