
12
DEC 2014
Historic day for Montana
Dear David,
Today is a truly an historic day for Montana and everyone who cherishes our state's great outdoors.
The Senate this afternoon passed bipartisan legislation to preserve our treasured outdoor places and strengthen our economy.
The bill is now headed to the President's desk to be signed into law.
I was proud to lead the Montana delegation in crafting this agreement, which contains eight Montana-made bills, including the Rocky Mountain Front Heritage Act and the North Fork Watershed Protection Act.
The Rocky Mountain Front - where the plains hit the Rockies - is one of the most spectacular sights in our country.
The Heritage Act, first introduced by former Senator Max Baucus, adds 67,000 acres to the Bob Marshall Wilderness while allowing continued grazing for Montana ranchers - supporting one of the state's top industries: agriculture.
The North Fork of the Flathead River is one of the most pristine watersheds in the country, and the North Fork bill will permanently retire oil and gas leases in the area so future generations can enjoy it.
These bills are the product of compromise led by folks on the ground - from sportsmen and conservationists to ranchers and small business owners.
And these bills are the product of Montana's Congressional delegation listening to those folks on the ground and working together to move our state forward.
We could not have gotten this done without Senator John Walsh and Senator-elect Steve Daines, and I thank them both.
Montana is a special place.
It's home to some of the world's most amazing places to hunt, fish and recreate.
And it's home to folks who care deeply about responsibly managing our lands.
A writer from Choteau named Gene Sentz once said that "some places on earth should be left alone, even if solid gold lies beneath them."
I couldn't agree more.
Setting aside land for us today and for future generations tomorrow, while taking smart steps to manage our lands, will strengthen Montana's economy and create jobs.
Finding compromise to preserve and support our treasured lands is one of my responsibilities as Montana's United States Senator.
It has been an honor to be involved in these locally-crafted efforts.
I am proud of this historic agreement, and I am particularly proud today to be a Montanan.
WWW.TESTER.SENATE.GOV
|
UNSUBSCRIBE
