
Official Site
Constituent Services
News
Contact
U.S. Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell&rsquo;s eNewsletter - - Week of January 5, 2015
History Made for the Commonwealth
McConnell Begins his Tenure as Senate Majority Leader for 114th Congress
On Tuesday, Senator Mitch McConnell was sworn in by Vice President Joe Biden as Kentucky&rsquo;s senior Senator. Senator McConnell was unanimously re-elected by his Republican colleagues to serve as the Majority Leader for the 114th Congress. Senator McConnell is only the second Kentuckian to lead his party in the U.S. Senate. The other Senator from Kentucky to serve as his party&rsquo;s leader was Alben Barkley, who led the Democrats from 1937 to 1949.
Senator McConnell is sworn in to the United States Senate by VP Biden. Senator McConnell&rsquo;s wife, former U.S. Secretary of Labor Elaine L. Chao, holds the Bible during the ceremonial swearing-in.
Following the swearing in ceremony, Majority Leader Mitch McConnell delivered remarks on the Senate floor welcoming Senators and convening the 114th Congress, saying, &ldquo;We recognize the enormity of the task before us. We know a lot of hard work awaits. We know many important opportunities await too.&rdquo;
Click the image below to view the Senator&rsquo;s remarks.
Also on Tuesday, the Senator&rsquo;s U.S. Capitol office signage was updated to reflect his new title as U.S. Senate Majority Leader.
Click the image below to view the changing of Senator McConnell&rsquo;s office signage.
On Wednesday, Senator McConnell and Senate GOP Leaders hosted a media stakeout in the U.S. Capitol and spoke about advancing a positive, pro-growth economic agenda.
McConnell: Senate Focus Will Be Jobs Legislation, Concerns of the Middle Class
On Wednesday, Senator McConnell delivered remarks on the Senate floor in his first address as the Senate Majority Leader.
He said, &ldquo;I look to this new beginning with optimism and a profound sense of purpose. And I look to my colleagues with gratitude for their trust. Next to serving the people of Kentucky, this is the greatest of honors. I recognize the serious expectations of the American people. I know they&rsquo;re counting on us.&rdquo; Click
HERE
to read the Senator&rsquo;s entire speech.
Click the image below to view the Senator&rsquo;s inaugural speech as Majority Leader.
This week, Senator McConnell penned an op-ed for CNN outlining the goals for the 114th Congress. He wrote:
&ldquo;Jobs ideas with strong bipartisan support -- like simplifying our broken tax system, opening more markets to American-made products, and approving bipartisan infrastructure projects like the Keystone Pipeline -- provide a strong foundation for success. We plan to work to send that kind of common-sense legislation to the president for his signature&hellip;The point is, our job is not to protect the President from good ideas. Our job is to get the Senate back to work. Our job is to focus on serious ideas designed to boost the middle class and help restore our nation's promise for future generations.&rdquo;
Click
HERE
to read the entire op-ed.
Citing Strong Bipartisan Support for Keystone, McConnell Urges President to Reconsider Veto Threat
On Thursday, Senator McConnell spoke on the Senate floor regarding construction of the Keystone XL Pipeline, a bipartisan, job-creating infrastructure project.
He said, &ldquo;We&rsquo;re asking the president again today to do that by working with us to end the gridlock and get this job-creating infrastructure project moving. Keystone has been studied endlessly, from almost every possible angle, and the same basic conclusion seems to keep coming back: build it. Keystone&rsquo;s construction could support thousands of jobs. It could invest billions in our economy.&rdquo;
Click the image below to view the Senator&rsquo;s floor remarks.
Welcoming Kentuckians to Washington, D.C.
On Thursday, Senator McConnell welcomed to his office in the U.S. Capitol Rachael Waddell of Anchorage, Kentucky and Ben Cowgill of Lexington, Kentucky.
Rachael Waddell of Jefferson County and Senator McConnell
Ben Cowgill of Fayette County and Senator McConnell
In the Media
Throughout the week, Senator McConnell spoke with Kentucky and national media about his new role as Senate Majority Leader.
Senator McConnell welcomed the following Louisville television stations to his office in the U.S. Capitol: WHAS11, WAVE3, WDRB41, and WLKY32.
Click the image below for the WHAS11 interview report.
Click the image below to watch the Senator&rsquo;s interview with WAVE3 News.
Click the image below to watch the Senator&rsquo;s interview with WDRB41.
Click the image below to watch the interview report with WLKY32.
Senator McConnell also sat down and spoke with reporters with the
Louisville Courier-Journal
newspaper and the
Lexington Herald-Leader
newspaper:
Click the image below to read the interview report from the
Courier-Journal .
Click the image below to read the interview report from the
Herald-Leader .
Click the image below to view the Senator&rsquo;s interview on Fox News Channel.
Visiting our Nation's Capital
If you&rsquo;re planning a trip to Washington, D.C., please check out Senator McConnell's
website
and visit his office while you are in town. Every week, Senator McConnell welcomes to his office in the U.S. Capitol many Kentuckians from across the Commonwealth to discuss issues of importance to Kentucky. Also, the Senator&rsquo;s office has information on tours, places to visit and local restaurants to help make your trip to the nation&rsquo;s capital one to remember.
Keeping Up With Senator McConnell
Keep up with the latest news and alerts from our nation&rsquo;s capital as well as updates on things happening back home in Kentucky by becoming a fan of Senator McConnell&rsquo;s
Facebook
page, and get the latest news from Senator McConnell&rsquo;s press office on Twitter at
@McConnellPress . Senator McConnell is also on Instagram - Follow him at
@McConnellPress .
Get this newsletter delivered to your inbox by signing up
HERE
Official Site
|
Privacy Policy
|
Unsubscribe
