
If you are
having trouble viewing this message or would like to share it on a social
network, you can
view
the message online .
December 15, 2014
The Perfect Bill
On Saturday night the Senate
held a vote on a
$1.1 trillion dollar spending bill
that many referred to as the CRomnibus .
I voted against this
bill because I oppose the cynical substance of the legislation. I also
could not support the un-republican and undemocratic process by which
a small collection of political and economic insiders crafted it, to
benefit each other at everyone elses expense. I also oppose the signal
this bill sends to political insiders on both ends of Pennsylvania
Avenue; the signal it sends to special interest cronies on Wall Street
and K Street; and the signal it sends to working families struggling on
Main Streets across this country who have been waiting for a decade
for someone in this city to start putting them first. Above all, this
bill failed to exercise Congress' power of the purse to prevent the
presidents lawless executive amnesty.
Since this bill was taken
up in the House of Representatives, supporters of the CRomnibus have
couched their support in the language of compromise. This isnt a
perfect bill, they say.
However, I believe it is perfect. As a
representation of everything wrong with Washington, D.C,
and as
an example of exactly the kind of unfair, unrepresentative legislating
that triggered successive electoral waves of bipartisan condemnation
in 2006, 2008, 2010, and again in 2014
the CRomnibus is
perfect.
More and more today in America, the people who work hard, play
by the rules, and live within their means are being forced to subsidize
political and economic elites who dont.
The miserable
process we have witnessed last week represents the last gasping throes of a
discredited Washington status quo. Ten years ago, this bill would not
have been controversial. Five years ago, an easy majority would have
been purchased with earmarks. This week, with the full weight of both
partys leaderships, it barely made it over the finish
line.
Change comes slowly, as we know. And it comes slowest to those
institutions that make the rules.
But change is coming. The era of
passing 1600-page bills, written in secret, via a process that includes
lobbyists but excludes the American people is coming to an end. The
era of big government rigging the rules for big business and big
special interests while leaving everyone else behind is coming to an
end.
A new era is coming, in which Washington will once again be
forced to work for the American people instead of the other way
around.
To those Americans who have watched with dismay what Congress
did
and didnt do
this week, who made their voices heard by
flooding both sides of the aisle with phone calls and emails... take heart.
It may not look like it today, but they are winning. America is
winning.
The Beltway establishments of both parties are exhausted:
out of ideas, and running out of time. Next year, a new unified
Congress has an opportunity to reshape the national debate, to challenge
Washingtons failing status quo and its failed champion in the Oval
Office.
We can finally begin the hard, overdue
work:
of rescuing our economy from the grips of government dysfunction
and political privilege;
of rescuing our healthcare
system from Obamacare;
of reviving our education system and
modernizing our transportation system;
of fixing our broken
immigration system;
of ending special-interest
manipulation of our tax system and reforming regulations to level the playing
for small and new businesses.
Next year
just next
month - we can begin to craft a new reform agenda to increase access to
and opportunity within Americas middle class, an agenda that grows the
economy and take-home pay, and an agenda that restores mobility and
opportunity to working families and communities, while putting
political and corporate elites back to work for everyone else.
And we
can look to our own house, to reform the way Congress conducts the
peoples business, the way we budget and spend the peoples money, so
embarrassments like this CRomnibus are relics of a discredited
past.
We can. And we will.
Share on Facebook Share on
Twitter
Washington, D.C.
Office
316 Hart Senate Office
Building
Washington, D.C., 20510
Phone: 202.224.5444
Fax: 202.228.1168
Salt Lake City
Wallace F. Bennett Federal Building
125 South State, Suite 4225
Salt Lake City, UT 84138
Phone: 801.524.5933
Fax: 801.524.5730
St. George
Office of Senator
Michael S. Lee
285 West Tabernacle,
Suite 200
St. George, UT
84770
Phone: 435.628.5514
Unsubscribe
|
Update My Profile
|
Privacy
Policy
