
Congressman
Beto O'Rourke
January 29, 2014
Good morning! Here's a quick update on what I've been working on this month, the first of the 114th Congress. I try to keep these emails as relevant and to-the-point as I can. Hit 'reply' if you've got questions or a suggestion on how I can improve these monthly emails.
Armed Services
Shortly after being sworn into a new term in Congress on January 6th, I was named to the House Armed Services Committee (HASC). This will be an opportunity to share the unique advantages of Fort Bliss, White Sands, and Holloman while also giving El Paso a voice in how we prepare for and fight our wars.
My two subcommittees
Readiness and Personnel
will focus my work on ensuring we are prepared for the wars we're fighting and the wars we will fight. It's also a chance to ensure that the Department of Defense is doing everything it
can to
support soldiers and families, and to improve the transition from active duty to civilian life.
HASC is also the committee that makes the decisions related to the funding for, and size of, our armed forces and the limits and expectations that we set for them in and out of combat. I'm keenly interested in making sure that our community's perspective is brought to bear on how we go to war. Because Congress has abdicated its responsibility to declare war, or even authorize it explicitly (thus allowing the President to wage it unilaterally), the National Defense Authorization Act (NDAA) is one of the few opportunities to define the manner in which we will fight our adversaries around the world.
The NDAA is the major product of HASC, a bill the committee has produced and passed every year for the last 53. It's bipartisan and incredibly important for the direction of this country (and the world). I'm looking forward to being a part of it.
I'll share updates on our committee work on
Facebook
and in these monthly newsletters. In the few weeks I've been a member of the committee, I've received classified briefings on our technological edge relative to emerging powers, and met with the outgoing Secretary of Defense and key members of the Committee. Next week, we will have a chance to hear from the President's new nominee for Secretary of Defense, Ashton Carter.
Veterans Affairs
I continue to be saddened by the murder of Dr. Timothy Fjordback at the El Paso VA clinic earlier this month. And yet I am also inspired by the example he set in his life leaving a private practice after 9/11 to move to El Paso and work to help returning veterans
as well as the leadership and commitment that we are seeing at El Paso's VA.
I had a chance to accompany VA Secretary Bob McDonald to El Paso on a visit to thank those at Fort Bliss, William Beaumont, and the VA for their courage and professionalism following the shooting. I also was able to speak with the Secretary about our critical need for better facilities, staffing and resources in El Paso. We spoke about how we can work with Beaumont, Texas Tech, and other potential partners to maximize the opportunities in El Paso. He listened, was encouraging, and the conversation continues.
On a related issue
we continue to work to improve access to benefits for Veterans in El Paso and across the country. I have been working with several veterans service organizations and fellow VA Committee members to re-introduce the Express Appeals Act to correct the unacceptably long delays in benefit appeals decisions. Following a hearing on this last week, where the VA committed that they would implement this administratively with one legislative change, the signs are encouraging that we will get this enacted this year.
A
Look Ahead
I invited our mayor to join me at the President's State of the Union message where we heard an ambitious set of priorities for the next year including better access to higher education, increased investment in infrastructure, and a commitment to reducing income inequality. There is not much disagreement amongst members of Congress on the goals. The challenge, of course, will come in defining the means by which we will pursue them. I'll keep you posted as these ideas turn into bills and will be interested to get your feedback.
Speaking of which, I am holding
a
town hall meeting tonight
(January 29th) at 5 PM
at the Community Foundation room at
333 North Oregon Street, El Paso, TX 79901 . I encourage you to join me as I provide a fuller update on our efforts and respond to your questions, suggestions, and ideas.
***
I also provide up-to-the-minute updates on committee work, recent House votes and pending legislation on my Facebook page. Please 'like' the page at
https://www.facebook.com/BetoORourkeTX16
to keep abreast and share your comments and constructive criticism.
Thank you,
Beto O'Rourke
Member of Congress
[if gte mso 6]>
<![endif]
Click Here
to view this email in your browser
Click Here
to be removed from this list