
If you are having trouble viewing this
message or would like to share it on a social network, you can
view the message online .
January 30, 2015
Unsubscribe
Update My Profile
Website
|
Meet Rodney
|
11th
District
Services
|
Newsroom
|
Contact
Rodney
e-News 1/30/15
A Bipartisan
Crackdown on Human Trafficking
Human
Trafficking in America
By the Numbers
No
Strategy Makes ISIS, Iraq, Syria, Afghanistan Campaigns
Unwinnable
Promoting American Job Creation through
International Trade
Salute: Code Blue
in Essex County
A Bipartisan Crackdown
on Human Trafficking
Human trafficking is
a growing criminal industry second only to drug dealing.
Human
trafficking involves the use of force, fraud or coercion for the
purpose of sexual exploitation, physical violence or forced labor.
According to the FBI, sex trafficking is the fastest-growing business of
organized crime and the third-largest criminal enterprise in the
world.
How is sex trafficking different from prostitution? The
trafficked person is not free to leave.
Last years Super Bowl at
the Meadowlands was a wake-up call for many as police and other
experts warned that criminals would use the large crowds associated with
tat event to sell adults and children into prostitution. Their hope was
that they will find willing clients among the people attending parties
or the game itself.
Across the United States, more than
17,000 people are trafficked into the United States every year,
according to the Congressional Research Service. Some are forced into low-wage
or unpaid work. Others are exploited for sex or sold into
prostitution rings.
According to a University of Pennsylvania study, quoted
by the FBI, another 300,000 American children are at risk of becoming
victims of sex trafficking every year. Tragically, most of the
victims of this crime are vulnerable youth who have run away from home, are
part of a child welfare system, and/or have been previous victims of
abuse and assault.
Unfortunately, New Jersey has been
described as a hub for human trafficking.
Why?
Our state is
easily accessible via our interstate highways. Major tourist
destinations like Atlantic City and New York City makes us more vulnerable and
susceptible.
And since traffickers generally prey on victims of
their own background, New Jerseys great ethnic diversity makes it
harder for law enforcement to observe and prosecute these
activities.
Human Trafficking in America
By the
Numbers
29
The
number of states that do not have ANY shelter beds exclusively for
human trafficking survivors (Source: Polaris Project)
300,000
American youth at
risk of become victims of sex trafficking (Department of
Justice)
12-14
average age at which girls first become victims of sex trafficking
(DOJ)
$9.8
billion
the size of the child sex trafficking industry in the United
States (DOJ)
This week, the House passed a series of
bipartisan bills designed to protect children and combat this growing problem
providing support and services to the victims of this crime and
boosting resources for law enforcement.
I am a co-sponsor of several
of these bills which are intended to build on the bipartisan laws
passed last year to reduce child sex trafficking and increase adoptions
of foster care youth.
Here are summaries of the 12 bills the
House approved this week:
Human Trafficking Prioritization
Act
(H.R. 514), prioritizes the fight against human
trafficking within the Department of State according to congressional intent
in the
2000 Trafficking Victims Protection Act
without
increasing the size of the federal government.
International
Megans Law to Prevent Demand for Child Sex Trafficking
(H.R.
515), increases communication between the U.S. and other countries
regarding sex offenders travel and allows the Secretary of State to
restrict the passports of people convicted of sex crimes in other
countries.
Human Trafficking Prevention Act
(H.R.
357),
increases training for State Department employees so they
are better equipped to identify victims of severe forms of trafficking
and providing for the protection of such
victims.
Enhancing Services for Runaway and Homeless Victims for Youth Trafficking
Act
(H.R. 468), sponsored by Rep. Joe Heck (R-NV), improves
support provided specifically to run away and homeless youth who are
victims of sex trafficking.
Strengthening Child
Welfare Response to Trafficking Act
(H.R. 469), improves
practices within state child welfare systems to identify and document sex
trafficking cases.
To improve the response to victims of
child sex trafficking
(H.R. 246), updates the law to use
the term child sex trafficking, including child prostitution for
cyber-tipline reporting to the National Center for Missing and Exploited
Children.
Trafficking Awareness Training for Health Care
Act
(H.R. 398), develops evidence-based best practices for
health care workers to identify and assist victims of human
trafficking.
Human Trafficking Detection Act
(H.R.
460), directs the Homeland Security Secretary to train Department of
Homeland Security personnel how to effectively deter, detect, disrupt, and
prevent human trafficking during the course of their primary roles and
responsibilities.
Human Trafficking Prevention,
Intervention, and Recovery Act
(H.R. 350), directs the existing
Interagency Task Force established under the
2000 Trafficking
Victims Protection Act
to review federal and state activities to
prevent children from becoming trafficking victims, survey academic research
on the topic, and propose best practices.
The bill also directs
the Government Accountability Office to review federal and state
efforts, including federal grants, to combat human trafficking, and
clarifies that existing grants may be used to provide shelter services to
trafficking victims.
Stop Exploitation Through
Trafficking Act
(H.R. 159) ,
encourages states to establish
safe harbor laws so that trafficked minors can seek protective services
and counseling as victims, without fear of facing jail and being
targeted as part of the problem.
Justice for Victims of
Trafficking Act
(H.R. 181), boosts support and protection for
domestic human trafficking victims.
The bill also makes
improvements to current law, such as increasing and streamlining law enforcement
resources, enhancing victims services, and holding both sellers and
buyers engaged in sex trafficking accountable.
Stop
Advertising Victims of Exploitation Act
(H.R. 285),
criminalizes those who knowingly advertise for the commercial exploitation of
children and trafficking victims.
No Strategy Makes
ISIS, Iraq, Syria, Afghanistan Campaigns
Unwinnable
An absence of clear policies from the White House makes it impossible
for the U.S. to achieve any sort of victory in Afghanistan, Iraq,
Syria and elsewhere in the region, according to three former top military
officers who oversaw recent wars there.
We have to come
out of our reactive crouch, said former CENTCOM Commander General Jim
Mattis.
Retreat, retrenchment, and disarmament are
historically a recipe for disaster, said General Michael Flynn,
formed commander of the Defense Intelligence Agency.
Read both
stories
here
and
here .
Promoting American Job Creation Through International
Trade
No priority for our nation is more important
than putting Americans back to work.
Over 6% of our workforce is
officially unemployed, but we know the true unemployment rate is a
lot higher.
In fact the labor participation rate
those people
actively working or looking for jobs
has dropped to levels not seen
in decades.
While the federal government cannot wave
a magic wand and create private sector jobs, there are steps it can
take to foster job creation.
Lets face some economic
facts: in an era where the American consumer is likely to be more frugal,
we cannot rely on domestic consumption alone to generate more demand
for the goods and services we produce.
We must look beyond
our national boundaries for overseas markets to sell the products we
make here.
In fact, we do not have to look too hard to see
many prospective customers, clients and consumers.
Beyond our
borders are markets that represent 73% of the worlds purchasing power,
87% of its economic growth and 95% of its consumers.
In
New Jersey, we are well positioned.
Our Port of New York and
New Jersey is a major gateway for the region.
Each year, $80
billion in commerce flows through the port, including $37 billion in
exports.
130,500 jobs in New Jersey depend on international
trade! A total of 21,051 companies exported goods from New Jersey
locations in 2012.
Of those, 19,443 (92.4 percent) were small- and
medium-sized enterprises, with fewer than 500 employees.
Yes,
the vast majority of the worlds consumers live beyond our borders, and
we need to break down economic barriers so American businesseslarge
and smallcan sell more of their products abroad. The United States is
currently negotiating several trade agreements with countries around
the world. I will soon introduce a House resolution urging the
completion of free trade agreements with Pacific Rim nations and the European
Union in order to promote economic development, create jobs and
solidify relations with trading
partners.
Salute:
Essex Countys Code Blue
initiative which
launches a network of warming stations across the county for
residents when temperatures drop to dangerous levels.
Contact Information
WASHINGTON,
D.C.
2306 Rayburn House Office Building
Washington, DC
20515-3011
(202) 225-5034
NEW JERSEY
30 Schuyler
Place, Second Floor
Morristown, NJ 07960
(973)
984-0711
Update My
Profile
-
Unsubscribe
-
Privacy
Policy
