
If you
are having trouble viewing this message or would like to share it on a
social network, you can
view the message online .
HOME
ABOUT
CONTACT
ME
SERVING YOU
MEDIA CENTER
ISSUES &amp;
LEGISLATION
OUR DISTRICT
January 16, 2015
Dear
Friend,
On Tuesday evening, the President will be delivering his 2015
State of the Union speech. Last year I hoped to hear a fiscally
responsible plan for much-needed updates to our water and transportation
infrastructure. The Valleys in the worst drought of my lifetime and the
President must engage with Congress on sensible solutions. Last
Congress the House passed two bills to address our water crisis that went
unanswered in the Senate and with threatened vetoes from the White House.
This year I hope to hear him lay out a commitment to help us deliver
the real water solutions our state so desperately
needs.
Last week I co-sponsored the ACCESS Act , a bill
to give small businesses an opportunity to comply with ADA regulations
and protect them from predatory lawsuits. In the last year, the
Central Valley has seen a sharp rise in the number of predatory, drive-by
lawsuits accusing local small businesses of violating portions of the
Americans with Disabilities Act. Sadly, many of these cases are blatant
attempts to extort the owners and operators rather than truly ensure
compliance. They often target minority and immigrant owned businesses
ill-equipped to fight off lawsuits. The ACCESS Act enables small
businesses to receive notification and have an opportunity to become
compliant before a costly lawsuit destroys their work and
livelihood.
My office has partnered with Citizens Against Lawsuit Abuse
(CALA) and the Civil Justice Association of California (CJAC) to host a
series of educational workshops over the last six months for Valley
small businesses, giving them tools to proactively prevent and when
necessary respond to these types of lawsuits. Our next workshop is coming
up in Turlock on February 25. If youre a small business owner, mark
your calendar and keep an eye out for more details to
come.
This week I voted on a bill seeking to fund the Department of
Homeland Security and a series of five amendments. I opposed two of the
amendments offered
the first aligns immigrant youth with Deferred Action
Childhood Arrival status on par with violent criminals and sex
offenders in the eyes of law enforcement, and the second would threaten the
status of millions of people without offering a stabilizing policy
prescription.
I remain staunchly opposed to the President's
recent executive action, but our DREAMers should not be made scapegoats
in our fight to combat his egregious movements against democracy.
Because these two amendments passed and were attached to the final bill,
I could not offer a yea vote. I fully support funding the DHS and
would have supported a clean bill.
I
wrote a full explanation of my views in Roll Call
please read it
here.
I also voted to pass the Clay Hunt Suicide Prevention
for American Veterans Act. Named after the tragic story of Clay Hunt,
a Marine from Houston, Texas who took his own life, this bill creates
an easy-to-navigate network of mental health service offerings within
the VA and provides more efficient suicide prevention efforts and
annual evaluations of how to improve practices. If you know a veteran in
need, please pass on the National Veterans Crisis Line:
1-800-273-8255.
JEFF DENHAM
P.S. One final note
January is National Blood Donor Month! If you can, please consider giving
blood this month and helping to save lives.
Find a
donation center close to you
through the American Red
Cross.
What do you most want to hear President
Obama discuss in his State of the Union address? Water Jobs Tax reform Immigration reform Energy Education Other If you answered
"Other" above, please fill in your answer here. *By answering this survey, you are subscribing to my
newsletter. If you are having trouble, click
here.
DC office:
1730 Longworth
HOB
Washington, DC
20515
P: 202-225-4540
F: 202-225-3402
Modesto Office:
4701 Sisk Road, Suite
202
Modesto, CA 95356
P: 209-579-5458
F:
209-579-5028
Unsubscribe
|
Update My Profile
|
Privacy Policy
gateway mail end
