
Can't see the pictures? Select "Always display images" or
view this message in your browser
Let's Talk About Equal Pay
January 30, 2015
Share This
Email On:
Twitter
Facebook
Let's Talk About Equal Pay
Six years ago this week, President Obama made the
Lilly Ledbetter Fair Pay Act
the first bill he signed into law, restoring the right of women and other workers to challenge pay discrimination in court.
It was a landmark law &ndash; ensuring that the courthouse door was open for women seeking to fight discrimination.
While enactment of the Lilly Ledbetter Fair Pay Act was a critical victory for equal pay, there is much more that must be done.
We will also continue to fight for the enactment of the
Paycheck Fairness Act , which would provide a much-needed update to the 52-year-old Equal Pay Act, by providing more effective legal remedies to women who are not being paid equal wages for doing equal work.
Fighting for equal pay for equal work, paid sick leave for America&rsquo;s workers, expanding access to affordable, high-quality child care, and raising the minimum wage are all cornerstones of House Democrats&rsquo; efforts to empower working families through our &lsquo; When Women Succeed, America Succeeds &rsquo; economic agenda. The American people demand and deserve an economy that works for everyone &ndash; not just the privileged few.
By ensuring equal pay for equal work and our other steps to strengthen working families, we can help secure opportunity for women, fairness for families, and equality for all Americans.
Nancy Pelosi
@NancyPelosi
This Fred
#KorematsuDay , we recall one of California's greatest civil rights heroes &amp; recommit to building a more just &amp; tolerant nation.
5:18 PM - 22 Jan 2015
To follow Congresswoman Pelosi on twitter, please click
here .
Strength through Diversity
With four weeks until the Department of Homeland (DHS) runs out of money, threats to our national security are emerging every day. Instead of passing a bipartisan funding bill, House Republicans passed partisan, extreme anti-immigrant legislation that is
opposed by humanitarian and religious leaders
across all faiths, and which would overturn the
President&rsquo;s Executive Actions on Immigration . The legislation failed to include resources for legal aid for unaccompanied children or to provide sufficient resources for immigration judges to adjudicate claims. The legislation makes current law much harsher for all unaccompanied children, whether they are from Central America or from Mexico. Yet, in the eyes of House Republicans, this was not punitive enough, as they also voted to end the
Deferred Action for Childhood Arrivals
(DACA) and deport the
DREAMers . House Democrats will continue to fight against destructive policies like this one, that run counter to
our most cherished values . We hope that Congress heeds the call of three former Secretaries of Homeland Security &ndash; from both parties &ndash;
to pass a clean funding bill for DHS . It is time to pass
comprehensive immigration reform .
By the numbers
Please feel free to
forward this information to your family and friends . To learn more about these efforts, to express your views, or to sign up for email updates,
please visit my website . I am also on
Twitter at http://twitter.com/NancyPelosi .
best regards,
This mailing was prepared, published and mailed at taxpayer expense
Unsubscribe
Washington, DC
233 Cannon HOB
Washington, D.C. 20515
Phone: (202) 225-4965
Map it!
District Office
90 7th Street, Suite 2-800
San Francisco, CA 94103
Phone: (415) 556-4862
Map it!
