
Unsubscribe
|
Forward to a Friend
|
Having trouble Viewing this Email?
NEWSLETTER SIGN UP
Email:
First Name:
Last N ame
Yes, I would like to receive
the Civility Corner
Yes, I would like to receive
EC From DC
More Than Talk
Missouri&rsquo;s Fifth District is what I like to call a microcosm of our country. Our urban and rural communities depend on and derive strength from one another in a symbiotic, beneficial relationship. We have a vibrant city center so cool that
the Huffington Post
named it the coolest city in America. We have abundant farmland where our farmers grow soybeans and corn, and ranchers tend livestock. We have beautiful and welcoming suburbs where families flourish. Everywhere around the district&mdash; Kansas City, Independence, Lee's Summit, Raytown, Grandview, Sugar Creek, Blue Springs, Grain Valley, Oak Grove, North Kansas City, Gladstone, Claycomo, and all of Ray, Lafayette, and Saline Counties&mdash;has something to make it great.
Representing my district is a responsibility I take very seriously. Our differences can make us unique and strong. I believe we can have more in common than in conflict. The problems that divide us are of our own making. The solutions that could unite us are ripe for the taking.
This sounds like a lot of talk. I promise you, it is more than that. Let me share with you an example.
After we faced the worst financial crisis since the Great Depression, Congress enacted the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act into law. I believe this law goes a long way toward restoring responsibility and accountability in our financial system. It gives Missourians and Americans confidence that there is a strong system in place that works for and protects us. I voted for it. I support it. I want to protect it. But I have watched the way it has been implemented, and when and where I have taken issue with it, I have taken initiative.
Let me state the obvious: the community bank down the street from you did not cause the stock market to crash. Community banks did not cause our financial crisis, and we shouldn&rsquo;t ask them to pay the penalty. There is something called the Qualified Mortgage or Ability-to-Repay Rule that I have mentioned to you before. It is complicated, but it basically means that a bank can&rsquo;t make a mortgage loan without seeing if a consumer can pay that loan back. It&rsquo;s common sense, and it&rsquo;s a good idea. But an idea must work in the real world to be worth its salt.
This rule treated my constituents in rural areas as mere suburbs of Kansas City. Now, I believe we have much in common as communities. But at times our needs differ. Our paths can diverge. After I met with rural bankers from Lafayette and Saline Counties in April of 2013, I
wrote to Director Cordray , saying we should change the rule. He listened. And so did the CFPB. This week, they announced changes. Ultimately, we must keep working with consumers, lenders, and regulators to make sure consumers get a fair shake. We must help banks work with families buying their first home. We must allow entrepreneurs to access capital responsibly. And we must keep our financial system safe and secure.
Let me share one more note with you before I go. I recently did an interview with the National Journal about these very issues. You may be interested in reading it:
As a former mayor of Kansas City who went on to represent that congressional district in 2005, Cleaver had a reputation as an "urban politician." He wanted to make sure his new constituents felt they had a voice and that they could rely on him to be an advocate for farmers as well as for city- and suburb-dwellers. He set up roundtable meetings for his constituents with both EPA Administrator Gina McCarthy and Agriculture Secretary Tom Vilsack, who met with farmers and other constituents in small Missouri towns, Oak Grove and Odessa, respectively.
Cleaver also fought to include retroactive disaster protection in the 2013 farm bill after the 2012 drought&mdash;the worst in 30 years, according to the Agriculture Department&mdash;ravaged crops and increased costs for farmers in the district. Cleaver voted against the House version of the farm bill that included cuts to the SNAP food-stamp program, but he voted for the final version negotiated with the Senate. Cleaver also coordinated with Vilsack to allow more flexibility in the Livestock Forage Disaster Program to evaluate farmers on a case-by-case basis so that more families would be eligible for aid to recover losses. In the last election cycle, he won the endorsements of Missouri's soybean, cattlemen, and pork associations.
"To have a person represent Kansas City and also represent Orrick, Mo., is a healthy thing," Cleaver says. "Are there people in those areas who will never vote for me? Absolutely, but I have won over a lot of people in that area. Frankly, the nation is better when members of Congress are forced to listen to the entire choir rather than a soloist. That's what I do."
Cleaver says he has learned a lot from the experience of representing a more diverse district across political, geographic, and racial lines. More than anything, he said it's crystallized his belief that Congress would be far better off if every district, where possible, had similar diversity.
"I have come to believe that every district should look like mine," Cleaver says. "I don't think people realize what we are doing to the country when we gerrymander the districts to the point where this political homogeneity incapacitates us in many ways, including progress on race relations."
Read the full article by Janie Boschma in the National Journal, by clicking
here .
Warmly,
Emanuel
Cleaver, II
Member of
Congress
Kansas City Office
101 W 31st St.
Kansas City, MO 64108
Phone: 816-842-4545
Fax: 816-471-5215
Independence Office
211 West Maple Avenue
Independence, MO 64050
Phone: 816-833-4545
Fax: 816-833-2991
Higginsville Office
1923 Main St.
Higginsville, MO 64037
Phone: 660-584-7373
Fax: 660-584-7227
Washington Office
2335 Rayburn HOB
Washington, D.C. 20515
Phone: 202-225-4535
Fax: 202-225-4403
