
January 17, 2015
Dear Friends,
I would like to share this week&rsquo;s edition of Jackie&rsquo;s Reading Picks, a compilation of articles that have piqued my interest over the week. You can find this week&rsquo;s selection and others on my website in the
Jackie&rsquo;s Reading Picks
section.
Happy reading!
All the best,
Guantanamo prison is wasteful and un-American. Shut it down.
By JACKIE SPEIER, Washington Post
Before the &ldquo;war on terror,&rdquo; many Americans knew about Guantanamo Bay only from its depiction in &ldquo;A Few Good Men.&rdquo; In the film&rsquo;s most famous scene, the Marine colonel who commands the U.S. naval base, played by Jack Nicholson, declares during a court-martial: &ldquo;I have neither the time nor the inclination to explain myself to a man who rises and sleeps under the blanket of the very freedom that I provide and then questions the manner in which I provide it.&rdquo;
We have been told that holding prisoners at Guantanamo for more than a decade is a necessary price for freedom. No matter what Nicholson&rsquo;s character says, we can handle the truth, and the truth is that the prison in Cuba is a huge waste of taxpayer dollars, makes us less safe and runs contrary to our values as Americans.
Read more
here .
Study Finds Local Taxes Hit Lower Wage Earners Harder
by PATRICIA COHEN, NY Times
When it comes to the taxes closest to home, the less you earn, the harder you&rsquo;re hit. That is the conclusion of an analysis by the Institute on Taxation and Economic Policy that evaluates the local tax burden in every state, from Washington, labeled the most regressive, to Delaware, ranked as the fairest of them all. According to the study, in 2015 the poorest fifth of Americans will pay on average 10.9 percent of their income in state and local taxes, the middle fifth will pay 9.4 percent and the top 1 percent will average 5.4 percent.
Read more
here .
Privilege of &lsquo;Arrest Without Incident&rsquo;
By CHARLES M. BLOW, NY Times
The day after Christmas, a shooter terrorized the streets of a Chattanooga, Tenn., neighborhood. According to the local newspaper, the shooter was &ldquo;wearing body armor&rdquo; and &ldquo;firing multiple shots out her window at people and cars.&rdquo; One witness told the paper that the shooter was &ldquo;holding a gun out of the window as if it were a cigarette.&rdquo;
There&rsquo;s more: &ldquo;Officers found two people who said they were at a stop sign when a woman pulled up in a dark-colored sedan and fired shots into their vehicle, hitting and disabling the radiator. Then more calls reported a woman pointing a firearm at people as she passed them in her car, and that she fired at another vehicle in the same area.&rdquo;
When police officers came upon the shooter, the shooter led them on a chase. The shooter even pointed the gun at a police officer.
Read more
here .
What Ruth Bader Ginsburg Taught Me About Being a Stay-at-Home Dad
By RYAN PARK, The Atlantic
This past summer, on the last day of my clerkship with Justice Ruth Bader Ginsburg, she rose from her cavernous desk and, following a hearty goodbye hug, asked me what was next. I told her that the next morning marked the start of my new job as a stay-at-home dad. She smiled warmly and wished me luck.
My wife had just begun her pediatrics residency at Georgetown, a job that leaves scarce time for domestic duties. And throughout my year of long hours and late nights at the Court, my daughter had grown from a delicate, impassive infant to a robust toddler with personality and character. In recent months, when I was able to make it home in time to see Caitlyn before bedtime, she&rsquo;d rush headlong toward the door with shrieks of &ldquo;Daddy Daddy!&rdquo; I&rsquo;d bundle her up in my arms, squeeze, and resolve to take some time, soon, to be with her completely. I had missed out on a lot and was determined to make up for it.
Read more
here .
Defense contractor pleads guilty in massive bribery case
By CRAIG WHITLOCK, The Washington Post
A Malaysian defense contractor pleaded guilty Thursday in a corruption scandal of epic proportions, admitting that he bribed &ldquo;scores&rdquo; of U.S. Navy officials with $500,000 in cash, six figures&rsquo; worth of sex from prostitutes, lavish hotel stays, spa treatments, Cuban cigars, Kobe beef, Spanish suckling pigs and an array of other luxury goods.
Read more
here .
Unsubscribe
Washington D.C. Office
2465 Rayburn House Office Building
Washington, DC 20515
Phone: (202) 225-3531
Fax: (202) 226-4183
San Mateo Office
155 Bovet Road, Suite 780
San Mateo, CA 94402
Phone: (650) 342-0300
Fax: (650) 375-8270
Click Here
to be removed from this list
