
I&rsquo;m writing to introduce myself, and to ask for your critical input. I&rsquo;m Senator Jon Tester, the new chair of the DSCC. In 2012, the DSCC was instrumental in helping me
Friend -- I&rsquo;m writing to introduce myself, and to ask for your critical input.
I&rsquo;m Senator Jon Tester, the new chair of the DSCC. In 2012, the DSCC was instrumental in helping me win a razor-tight Senate reelection race in Montana. Today, I&rsquo;m proud to take the helm and start working with you to recruit top-tier Democratic candidates, advance smart policies, and take back the Senate in 2016.
Now, I need 60 seconds of your time:
Today is the first day of a Republican-controlled Senate, and Mitch McConnell has pledged to start pushing the GOP&rsquo;s extreme policies immediately. We must be ready to fight back, and that&rsquo;s why I&rsquo;m asking for your input this week.
Will you take our five-question survey to help set Democrats&rsquo; priorities for the next two years? We&rsquo;d love your response by Friday!
Democratic supporters like you are the driving force behind our work -- so we want to know what you think! Your responses will shape our efforts in 2015 and 2016 to support Democratic candidates across the country and win back the Senate.
Will you take the survey? I promise, it&rsquo;s short -- only five questions.
I&rsquo;m looking forward to working with you to support Democratic priorities, hold extreme Republicans accountable for their actions, and make Mitch McConnell&rsquo;s term as Majority Leader a very short one by taking back the Senate in 2016.
Thanks,
Senator Jon Tester
DSCC Chair
P.S. We could really use your help today so we can immediately start work on our 2015-2016 priorities.
Will you renew your Democratic membership for 2015?
Democratic Senatorial Campaign Committee
P.O. Box 96047
Washington, DC 20090
Paid for by the Democratic Senatorial Campaign Committee, dscc.org,
and not authorized by any candidate or candidate&#39;s committee.
The DSCC is the only organization solely dedicated to supporting Democrats in the U.S. Senate. This message was sent to dj724530@gmail.com because you are a part of the DSCC&rsquo;s grassroots network. Please add us to your address book or approved senders list to make sure you keep receiving DSCC updates.
Emails are a critical way for us to stay in touch with our grassroots supporters. 99% of the DSCC&rsquo;s contributions come from grassroots donors giving less than $200. We also strive to keep you updated on issues related to the Democratic Party&rsquo;s values.
If you&rsquo;d like to stop receiving emails related to this campaign, please
click here .
If you&#39;d like to make a contribution to support us, please
click here . We are already beginning to prepare for the fight ahead &ndash; reclaiming the majority in 2016. It will take every single grassroots supporter, but we know it&rsquo;s possible with your help. If you&rsquo;d like to stop receiving all emails from the DSCC, please
unsubscribe . We greatly appreciate your continued support.
Contributions or gifts to the DSCC are not tax deductible.
