
Seriously, Mitch?! He just announced that one of the Republican Senate&rsquo;s first priorities will be a meaningless waste of time: a vote to repeal the Affordable Care Act &mdash; Obamacare.
Mitch McConnell: &ldquo;Number one: We certainly will have a vote on proceeding to a bill to repeal Obamacare&rdquo;
Friend -- Seriously, Mitch?!
He just announced that one of the Republican Senate&rsquo;s first priorities will be a meaningless, irresponsible waste of time: a vote to repeal the Affordable Care Act -- Obamacare.
Well, we have a message for Mitch McConnell: President Obama has told you dozens of times that he would never, ever, in a million years let Obamacare be repealed. It&rsquo;s time to get over it and move on!
ADD YOUR NAME: Demand that Republicans STOP their Obamacare repeal vote. Let&rsquo;s get 100,000 Democrats on board.
Your Action History
Last Petition Signed:
N/A
No to Obamacare Repeal:
Signature Pending &gt;&gt;
It&rsquo;s staggering how much effort Republicans have put into taking health care away from millions of Americans. You won&rsquo;t believe this:
House Republicans have voted over 50 times to repeal, dismantle, or defund the Affordable Care Act
They shut down the government for 16 days in 2013 (costing the economy an estimated $24 billion)
Last month, the GOP House filed a lawsuit against President Obama (using YOUR tax dollars)
We can&rsquo;t think of a bigger waste of time and taxpayer money than continuing this policy. The LAST thing we need is for Senate Republicans to follow their lead and waste two years on useless repeal votes.
Tell Republicans: Enough is enough!
Sign on and demand that Senate Republicans drop their Obamacare repeal vote.
Thanks,
DSCC Rapid Response
P.S. According to the
New York Times , &ldquo;the number of uninsured Americans has fallen by about 25 percent this year.&rdquo; But Republicans REFUSE to admit the Affordable Care Act -- Obamacare -- is working.
Pitch in now so we can defeat the Senate Republicans voting to repeal Obamacare and retake the Senate majority.
Democratic Senatorial Campaign Committee
P.O. Box 96047
Washington, DC 20090
Paid for by the Democratic Senatorial Campaign Committee, dscc.org,
and not authorized by any candidate or candidate&#39;s committee.
The DSCC is the only organization solely dedicated to supporting Democrats in the U.S. Senate. This message was sent to dj724530@gmail.com because you are a part of the DSCC&rsquo;s grassroots network. Please add us to your address book or approved senders list to make sure you keep receiving DSCC updates.
Emails are a critical way for us to stay in touch with our grassroots supporters. 99% of the DSCC&rsquo;s contributions come from grassroots donors giving less than $200. We also strive to keep you updated on issues related to the Democratic Party&rsquo;s values.
If you&rsquo;d like to stop receiving emails related to this campaign, please
click here .
If you&#39;d like to make a contribution to support us, please
click here . We are already beginning to prepare for the fight ahead &ndash; reclaiming the majority in 2016. It will take every single grassroots supporter, but we know it&rsquo;s possible with your help. If you&rsquo;d like to stop receiving all emails from the DSCC, please
unsubscribe . We greatly appreciate your continued support.
Contributions or gifts to the DSCC are not tax deductible.
