
January Newsletter
January 30, 2015 -
I&rsquo;d like to share with you some of what I&rsquo;ve been working on in Tennessee and Washington, D.C. this month:
Beginning a third term in the U.S. Senate with a new Republican majority
On Jan. 6, I was sworn in for a third term in the U.S. Senate. It was a privilege to be joined by Senator Corker and former Senators Bill Brock and Bill Frist for my swearing in, and I look forward to serving Tennesseans in the 114 th
Congress. I was honored to be elected by my Senate colleagues to serve as chairman of the Senate Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions, as well as chairman of the Senate Appropriations Subcommittee on Energy and Water Development, which oversees funding for many Tennessee priorities, including Oak Ridge National Laboratory. You can read about my priorities on the HELP committee
here
and on appropriations issues
here.
Fixing No Child Left Behind
One of my first priorities as the new chairman of the Senate education committee is to fix No Child Left Behind. This law, which expired more than seven years ago, has become unworkable and it&rsquo;s time Republicans and Democrats work together to fix it. We are working to keep the best portions of the law and to give responsibility &ndash; including on whether to adopt Common Core or any other standards &ndash; back to states and local communities to ensure that all 50 million students in our nation&rsquo;s 100,000 public schools can succeed. You can read more about my plan to fix No Child Left Behind
here
or watch me discuss
testing
and
teacher evaluations
at the committee&rsquo;s first two hearings on the subject.
Introducing legislation to simplify student aid so more Tennesseans can go to college
On Jan. 7, I introduced bipartisan legislation that would make it easier for more than 40,000 Tennesseans to get financial aid to go to college. The bill simplifies the process to apply for and receive federal financial aid by reducing the federal student aid form, or the FAFSA, from 108 questions to two. The bill also allows year-round use of Pell Grants, discourages over-borrowing and simplifies repayments. Read more information on the legislation
here , or you can watch my introduction of the bill below.
You might also be interested in an
op-ed
I wrote with Senators Blunt and Sasse in
USA Today
on the smart way to give aid to collegians, in response to the president&rsquo;s community college proposal.
Working to fix the debt and get our nation&rsquo;s fiscal house in order
This month I have cosponsored several bills working towards reducing our national debt while helping Tennesseans keep more of their hard-earned money in their pockets. The first is a
bill
that would make the state and local sales tax deduction that Tennesseans receive permanent so Tennesseans don&rsquo;t have to pay more taxes than other taxpayers. We should make this tax provision permanent to provide certainty for Tennessee families and help them keep more of their hard-earned money in their pockets. I also cosponsored
legislation
that calls for a two-year budget cycle, which would give more time for Congress to pass a budget and an additional year to review federal programs to help eliminate wasteful spending and unnecessary programs.
Repairing the damage of Obamacare by restoring full-time work to 40 hours and repealing the individual mandate
Obamacare&rsquo;s definition of full-time work as 30 hours is causing millions of Americans to lose hours of work and wages. This month, I cosponsored a bipartisan
bill
introduced by Senators Susan Collins (R-Maine) and Joe Donnelly (D-Ind.) and held the first health committee hearing of the new Republican majority in the Senate on changing Obamacare&rsquo;s damaging definition of full-time work to 40 hours to help give thousands of Tennesseans a pay raise. You can watch me discuss that provision
here.
I also introduced a
bill
this month with Senator Hatch to repeal Obamacare&rsquo;s individual insurance mandate that currently forces Americans to purchase government-approved health insurance or pay a fine at tax time.
Meeting with constituents at Tennessee Tuesday
Each Tuesday when the Senate is in session, Senator Corker and I host a constituent breakfast for any Tennesseans visiting Washington. If you&rsquo;re planning a trip to D.C., I hope you can join us. Click
here
to sign-up.
I also thought you might be interested in the following articles:
Maryville Daily Times: Alexander seeks final repayment for state, counties, reopening Smokies Park in 2013 shutdown
Knoxville News Sentinel: Alexander bill returns school testing, accountability decisions to states
Chattanooga Times Free Press: Tennessee's Lamar Alexander off and running in new U.S. Senate
Follow Sen. Alexander in real time:
Official Website
|
About Alexander
|
Press Releases
|
Contact Me
|
Privacy Policy
|
Unsubscribe
