
Website
|
About
|
Contact Me
|
Serving You
|
Media Center
|
Legislative Work
|
Our District
|
Resources
January 10, 2015
The Scalise Capitol Report
Saving jobs for American workers
Because of the negative effects and perverse incentives of Obamacare, employers are cutting more hours and hard-working Americans are taking home smaller pay checks. This week, the House took an important first step toward repealing and replacing the presidents devastating health care law with common-sense legislation that repeals the "30-hour work week" rule so we can actually start lowering costs and puts patients back in charge of their health care decisions. Obamacares new definition of full-time employment as 30 hours has landed a devastating blow to low and middle income wage earners
the same people the law purports to help. The "30-hour work week" rule has already led to reduced hours and fewer jobs for hard-working taxpayers. In my home district, the presidents definition of full-time disproportionately affects the tens of thousands of employees that work in New Orleans world-renowned hospitality industry. We must reverse the devastating impacts that Obamacare is having on families across our country. I look forward to my colleagues in the Senate quickly sending this crucial legislation to the presidents desk.
Approving the Keystone XL Pipeline for the 10th time
Its been more than 2,300 days since the Keystone XL Pipeline application was submitted, and yesterday, the House voted yet again to approve this common sense, critical infrastructure project. Spineless veto threats from the White House will not create jobs or move our economy forward, so I encourage President Obama to sign this popular bipartisan legislation that will create more than 40,000 jobs and strengthen American energy security. A veto threat of this legislation clearly demonstrates that President Obama's priorities are not in line with the vast majority of our country. It is time for the president to stop hiding behind special-interest extremists on the left and start working with the strong, growing bipartisan coalition of Americans that want to get the Keystone Pipeline built now.
Commemorating the Battle of New Orleans bicentennial
This week I spoke on the House Floor to commemorate the 200th anniversary of the Battle of New Orleans. This decisive victory in the War of 1812 helped America expand westward and helped establish a stronger identity for the United States.
Click on the photo to watch me commemorate the Battle of New Orleans on the House floor.
Helping our nations heroes
This week the House passed a bill to provide our nations veterans more opportunities in the workplace. The Hire More Heroes Act is bipartisan legislation that helps the brave men and women who have served our nation find meaningful employment by making a common sense change to Obamacare that encourages small businesses to hire veterans. There are basic commitments we owe to our veterans, and that includes helping them find the best employment opportunities when they return home from their service to our country.
Click on the photo to watch me discuss the Hire More Heroes Act.
Beginning Americas New Congress
The beginning of the 114th Congress presents an opportunity for the new Republican-led House and Senate to govern and lead on the issues important to you. With the largest and most dynamic Republican majority since the 1920s, we will work to pass legislation like the ones highlighted above that advance bold conservative solutions to create jobs, build a healthy economy and make government more accountable, effective, and efficient.
Before the 114th Congress began, leading Louisiana pastors prayed for the Members of the Louisiana delegation as we began the new Congress. We are honored that they took the time to meet with us.
It is an honor to represent you in Congress. For more information please visit my
website ,
Twitter ,
Instagram , and
Facebook
pages.
God Bless,
Steve Scalise
House Majority Whip
WEBSITE
|
UNSUBSCRIBE
|
CONTACT
Washington DC Office
2338 Rayburn HOB
Washington, DC 20515
Phone: (202) 225-3015
Houma Office
8026 Main Street
Suite 700
Houma, LA 70360
Phone: (985) 879-2300
Metairie Office
110 Veterans Boulevard
Suite 500
Metairie, LA 70005
Phone: (504) 837-1259
Mandeville Office
21454 Koop Drive
Suite 1E
Mandeville, LA 70471
Phone: (985) 893-9064
Hammond Office
1514 Martens Drive
Suite 10
Hammond, LA 70401
Phone: (985) 340-2185
Click Here Click Here