
Miller Newsletter
December 14, 2014
Washington Update
House Passage of Consolidated and Further Continuing Appropriations, 2015
On December 11, the House passed H.R.83, the
Consolidated and Further Continuing Appropriations Act, 2015 , to provide funding for the remainder of fiscal year 2015 for 11 of the 12 annual appropriations bills and short term funding for the Department of Homeland Security.
I voted against H.R.83 mainly because it does nothing to address the Presidents recent executive actions pertaining to amnesty for illegal immigrants.
Furthermore, it appropriates $1.01 trillion in discretionary spending, yet it does little to institute the many spending reforms necessary to get our fiscal house back in order.
While there was good to be found in the measure, including advanced funding for veterans, additional resources to address the backlog of veterans disability claims, funds to help essential readiness programs at the Department of Defense, a $350 million cut in IRS funding, continuing the trend of cutting Environmental Protection Agency funding for the fifth consecutive year, preserving important pro-life riders, and amending harmful Dodd-Frank swaps pushout requirements, H.R.83 highlights the difficulties inherent in funding our government in a fiscally responsible manner through last-minute spending measures.
While there was good to be found in the measure, including advanced funding for veterans, additional resources to address the backlog of veterans disability claims, funds to help essential readiness programs at the Department of Defense, a $350 million cut in IRS funding, continues the trend of cutting Environmental Protection Agency funding for the fifth consecutive year, preserves important pro-life riders, and amends harmful Dodd-Frank swaps pushout requirements, H.R.83 highlights the difficulties inherent in funding our government in a fiscally responsible manner through last-minute spending measures.
There is no question that we must move back to regular order to ensure each of the 12 annual appropriations bills receives the thorough scrutiny needed to cut spending and work towards the necessary goal of balancing our budget. In the House, we have consistently passed the majority of the 12 spending bills on time, and I sincerely hope that the 114th Congress will provide a new opportunity to bring the Senate on board as we work to bring fiscal responsibility back to Washington. I also believe it is necessary for both the House and Senate to work together to carry out our role as a constitutional check on the executive branch.
Without question, the Presidents executive amnesty must be stopped, and we must protect the American people from big government programs, like Obamacare, which continues to harm hard-working families and businesses. Rest assured, as we start the new Congress next month, I will continue to stand strong for the conservative constitutional principles of limited government, individual liberty, and fiscal responsibility upon which our great Nation was founded.
House Oversight Hearing on Obamacare Transparency
With the price of Obamacare continuing to skyrocket, raising premiums and health care costs along with it, the House held a hearing last week to examine the numerous failures of transparency related the Presidents massive takeover of our Nations health care system.
This hearing presented a chance for two of the key figures behind the law to testify under oath to answer the concerns raised by the American people.
David Gruber, an MIT economist and one of the key architects of the law, appeared before the committee following the recent publication of comments in which he said that the keys to passing Obamacare were the stupidity of the American voter and a lack of transparency.
Gruber, who according to press accounts received millions of dollars in taxpayer funds as a consultant on Obamacare, displayed a shocking level of disinterest, simply repeating time and again a half-hearted apology, refusing to comply with requests to fully disclose the compensation he received for his work on Obamacare, and demonstrating a general disregard for transparency.
Unfortunately, the obfuscation surrounding Obamacare has continued well after then-Speaker Nancy Pelosi stated that we have to pass the bill so that you can find out what is in it.
Throughout the implementation and roll out of Obamacare, the Administration has continued to try and hide the many problems and issues with the law, with misrepresentations and false statements.
In August of this year, Administrator Tavenner proudly announced that the 2014 Obamacare enrollment of 7.3 million people had exceeded the Administrations 7 million target; however, last month new information came to light revealing that these numbers had been inflated by the Administration reportedly doubling enrollees who signed up for both health care and dental plans.
The enrollee count for 2014 is now officially 6.7 million, but given the Administrations myriad failures, the American people have significant reason to be suspicious of all figures coming from the Administration.
At the hearing, Administrator Tavenner failed to adequately address the concerns raised by Members of Congress, doing little to reassure the American people, who are hurting as Obamacare raises healthcare costs across the board.
Obamacare must be repealed and replaced, and last weeks hearing simply underscored this undeniable reality.
Veterans Corner
House Passage of H.R.5059, the Clay Hunt SAV Act
The U.S. House of Representatives passed the
Clay Hunt Suicide Prevention for American Veterans (Clay Hunt SAV) Act
last week.
Named in honor of the late Iraq and Afghanistan veteran and veterans advocate Clay Hunt, the
Clay Hunt SAV Act
would help ensure VAs mental health and suicide prevention efforts receive crucial independent, third party oversight while creating a greater accounting of available services and fostering an enhanced community approach to delivering veterans suicide prevention and mental health care treatment.
Despite record mental health staffing and budget levels at the Department of Veterans Affairs, today's veterans are falling victim to the invisible wounds of war all too often. An average of 18 to 22 veterans take their own lives each day - a heartbreaking statistic that has remained unchanged for more than a decade. In passing the
Clay Hunt Suicide Prevention for American Veterans Act , the House took an important step toward putting an end to this grim status quo.
To view my December 9 remarks on the House Floor, click on the image below.
Click on the image above view my December 9 remarks during House debate on H.R.5059, the Clay Hunt SAV Act.
House Committee on Veterans Affairs Hearing on Evaluating Federal and Community Efforts to Eliminate Veteran Homelessness
The House Committee on Veterans Affairs held a hearing Thursday to examine the status and sustainability of Department of Veterans Affairs veteran homelessness prevention efforts.
In November 2009, then-VA Secretary Eric Shinseki announced a plan to end veteran homelessness within five years. Five years later that goal remains elusive, although the number of homeless veterans has fallen by about 33 percent since 2010, according to VA statistics. Despite the fact that VA operates more than 20 programs dedicated to providing assistance with housing, healthcare and/or employment for homeless or at-risk veterans and that VAs spending on targeted homelessness prevention efforts has increased from $376 million in Fiscal Year 2009 to more than $1.6 billion in Fiscal Year 2015, the department is struggling to adequately perform basic yet vital tasks such as answering phones at its National Call Center for Homeless Veterans and referring homeless veterans in need of care to VA medical facilities and support services, according to a recent inspector general report.
To view the hearing and my opening remarks, click on the images below.
Click on the left image to view Part I (start at 27:58) of the December 11 House Committee on Veterans' Affairs Hearing and the right image to view Part II (start at 1:55).
Miller Media Clips
To read some recent press clips highlighting my work on behalf of Florida's First Congressional District and our Nations veterans and servicemembers, click on the links below:
VA employees doubt agency can police itself
VA Hospital Project Grinds to a Halt Amid Budget Overruns
House passes bill to improve military mental health care
U.S. House backs bill to cut vets suicide rate
Bipartisan Veterans Suicide Prevention Act Passes House
John Boehner Will Take Up Tim Walz's and Jeff Miller's Veteran Suicide Bill
In the District
As a strong supporter of religious liberty, I was dismayed to learn that the Town of Jay will not be displaying the traditional nativity scene in front of Jay City Hall this Christmas. According to reports, the Freedom From Religion Foundation sent a letter to the Town of Jay claiming that the nativity scene display at City Hall is prohibited by the Supreme Court. The Freedom From Religion Foundation, which is a Wisconsin based nonprofit that advocates for agnostics and atheists, claims displaying a nativity scene on government property is impermissible and furthermore an isolating gesture to non-Christians. I strongly disagree with the Freedom From Religion Foundations assertions, and as a man of faith and a defender of religious liberty, I believe it is vital to stand up in defense of religious freedom.
Our Founding Fathers ensured that we establish no official religion in this country, nor should we; however, it was not the Founders' intent to keep God out of government or public life, but to keep the government out of the church.
Photo courtesy of www.NorthEscambia.com
In Memory of Charles Hutton Bull Rigdon, Jr.
Northwest Florida lost a great man with the recent passing of Bull Rigdon.
Bull was a devoted family man, a patriotic veteran and civil servant, committed civic leader, an exceptional elected official, and a great friend.
Bulls list of accomplishments and his lasting legacy of service to our Nation and to our community are true testament to his character.
Bull paired a 40-plus year career as a civil servant at Eglin with more than three decades of local public service both on the Fort Walton Beach City Council and the Okaloosa Gas Board.
Those who were fortunate enough to know Bull can also attest to his generosity and selflessness, personified by the charitable work he carried out as a Shriner and a Mason, and, of course, thousands in Northwest Florida have visited the Bull Rigdon Fairgrounds in Fort Walton Beach, which was named in honor of Bull in recognition of his outstanding service as CEO of the Northwest Florida Fair.
I was personally privileged to call Bull a friend, and I know that his legacy will live on forever in Northwest Florida.
Vicki and I extend our deepest prayers and condolences to his wife Helen Hunt Rigdon; children, Karen Rigdon Hughes and Charles William Rigdon; grandchildren Charles William Lamkin, Lauren Ashley Rigdon, Blake William Rigdon and Montana Dodson; sister, Ouida Rigdon Miller; stepson, Michael B. Dodson; and the entire Rigdon family.
From left: Colonel George E. "Bud" Day (Ret.); Charles Hutton "Bull" Rigdon, Jr.; Mrs.Vicki Miller; Congressman Jeff Miller; and Vice President of the United States Dick Cheney
As always, I welcome your comments. To share your thoughts on legislation, votes or issues, please visit http://jeffmiller.house.gov/ to send an e-mail or call any of my offices.
Thanks,
Jeff
Click Here
to view this email in your browser
Click Here
to be removed from this list