
January 25, 2015
WEBSITE
|
FORWARD TO A FRIEND
| SHARE ON:
Kline's Corner: Supporting Victims of Trafficking
In This Week's Kline's Corner
Important Work to Aid Trafficking Victims
ICYMI: Interview with Dave Lee on WCCO
Follow on Facebook and Twitter
Supporting Victims of Trafficking
Dear Friends,
As a father of two and grandfather of four, it is impossible for me to fathom the pain and suffering the victims and families of trafficking feel. Yet each year, hundreds of thousands of families are forced to endure the pain and suffering of this heinous crime. We have a moral obligation to do everything we can to stop it and support the victims.
Tomorrow, the House is scheduled to pass several
bills to support the victims of human trafficking . Human trafficking prevention is a cause dear to our families, neighbors, friends, and loved ones. I am pleased to help champion many of these bills and am proud to join my colleagues on both sides of the aisle to come together with a shared goal of ensuring the safety of our kids and protecting our most vulnerable youth.
ICYMI: Interview with Dave Lee on WCCO
After the Presidents
State of the Union address
on Tuesday, I appreciated the opportunity to discuss my reaction to his speech with several members of Minnesota media including radio host (and my constituent) Dave Lee on WCCO-AM. If you were unable to tune in, you can listen to my conversation
here .
Follow on Facebook and Twitter
As the new Congress continues its work, I invite you to follow me on
Facebook
and
Twitter
to stay informed on my work for you at home and in Washington. Also, please know your input is invaluable to me as your Congressman. If you would like to share your thoughts with me on issues important to you, please dont hesitate to
contact me .
Have a great week!
John Kline
Member of Congress
My "2014 Year in Review"
As your Congressman, I work diligently to ensure your voice is heard in Washington and remain committed to sharing with you my work on behalf of the people of Minnesotas 2nd District. I invite you to
check out my 2014 Year in Review
which highlights some of the work we accomplished together over the past 12 months.
UPDATE SUBSCRIPTION OPTIONS
|
PRIVACY POLICY
|
CONTACT US
Click Here Click Here