
January 30, 2015
Dear Fellow New Mexican,
Every day when I go to work, I think about New Mexico families working hard to get ahead. While our nation's economy is progressing, my priority is to build on that momentum so that everyone has an opportunity to feel those gains.
I know I'm not alone when I say that the gridlock in Washington, D.C., can be deeply frustrating. However, I remain focused on finding pragmatic solutions and delivering tangible results for the people of New Mexico, and I'm proud of the significant accomplishments we've made over the last year.
New Mexico is now home to the
Organ Mountains-Desert Peaks National Monument , putting Do&ntilde;a Ana County literally on the map and showcasing to the world all that our state has to offer. We also designated the Columbine-Hondo Wilderness Area, established the Manhattan Project National Historical Park in Los Alamos, and transitioned the Valles Caldera National Preserve to National Park Service management in order to increase public access. These accomplishments would not be possible without the
community's strong support . All of these magnificent places will continue to make New Mexico an unmatched destination for world travelers and local families alike, and build on our growing outdoor recreation economy, which is responsible for 68,000 jobs in the state.
Last year, I was also pleased to join my colleague Senator Jeff Flake to
tour the Apache-Sitgreaves and Gila National Forests
along the Arizona-New Mexico state border to come up with bipartisan, pragmatic solutions to address catastrophic wildfire prevention and recovery needs. We succeeded at permanently reauthorizing stewardship contracting authority for the Forest Service and Bureau of Land Management in the Farm Bill. Stewardship contracts are long-term, public-private partnerships on projects that promote forest health.
To support economies in rural New Mexico, Senator Tom Udall and I fought for legislation that fully funds the
Payment in Lieu of Taxes (PILT) program . This program provides critical funding New Mexico counties rely on for local services, including schools, roads, and public safety. I was also proud to join Senator Udall in passing legislation to extend a pilot program that has helped the Bureau of Land Management streamline the oil and gas drilling permit process while strengthening a review system that helps meet environmental and safety standards.
As a member of the Senate Select Committee on Intelligence, I strongly supported the release of the committee's report on the
CIA's detention and interrogation program , which was made available to the public late last year. This action finally provided a thorough accounting of what happened during what was a grave chapter in our history, and will help prevent the future use of torture.
With the help of veterans, military families, local officials, and community members, we opened the doors to two new VA Community-Based Outpatient Clinics in
Raton
and
Santa Fe
to provide greater access to quality primary health care, mental health care, telemedicine services, and increased access for disabled veterans. These new, modern facilities are exactly what New Mexico veterans deserve.
On the Senate Committee on Energy and Natural Resources, I introduced legislation to boost technology transfer and foster collaboration between New Mexico's national laboratories, local businesses, and research institutions. As a member of this committee, I fought to combat the devastating effects of climate change and modernize our nation's electrical grid.
At the end of last year, I was proud to pass legislation I introduced to bolster the partnership between New Mexico's military installations and the private sector-specifically as it relates to the film industry. The Hollywood blockbuster Transformers, which was filmed at Holloman Air Force Base and White Sands Missile Range, is a perfect example of the relationship that is possible between New Mexico's growing film industry and our military bases. The
Military Equitable Reimbursement Act , which was signed into law in December 2014, will allow our military installations to retain payments for costs incurred during support of non-governmental film productions.
This law serves the best interests of our Armed Forces, our film industry, and the communities that benefit from the jobs associated with motion picture production.
I also successfully included $20 million in the National Defense Authorization Act for the Operationally Responsive Space program at Kirtland Air Force Base to continue small satellite research and development. These investments will continue New Mexico's tradition of protecting our nation and spurring innovation.
I travelled across the state to meet local businesses, entrepreneurs, community leaders, students, and hardworking families. My office played an integral role in the
Santa Fe Southside Quality of Life Initiative , which is a grassroots effort that seeks to address the needs of the community through civic engagement. I also hosted health care events in Las Cruces and Chaparral to assist residents with enrollment, a housing fair to help teachers and school employees in Carlsbad, and a job and career fair in Anthony to connect employers with job seekers.
I look forward to working hard to make this year just as successful as last year.
Please do not hesitate to
contact my office
if you need
help with a federal agency , or would like to share your opinion on the issues.
It is an honor and privilege to serve you in the United States Senate.
Sincerely,
MARTIN HEINRICH
United States Senator
Follow me on Facebook and Twitter:
To unsubscribe from this mailing list,
click here .
To continue to receive updates,
click here .