
I want to take a minute to thank you personally. My time as a Senator has shown me the passion and power of the Democratic base.
Friend -- I want to take a minute to thank you personally.
My time as a Senator has shown me the passion and power of the Democratic base. But when I saw this map of thousands of DSCC membership renewals and contributions from every single state --
and all from just one day
-- I was blown away.
You make me so proud.
We hit our January goal, which allows us to stay competitive in the face of the Republicans&rsquo; megadonors. And the sheer number of Democrats who contributed -- with an average gift of $25 -- shows me that our drive and commitment can and will beat the Koch brothers&rsquo; millions.
We have a long road ahead to the next election.
But we&rsquo;re building something really special together: A ground-up Democratic electoral movement.
That&rsquo;s powerful.
Thank you for everything,
Senator Jon Tester
DSCC Chair
P.S. The Republicans have only controlled Congress for a month and they&rsquo;ve ALREADY launched a sneak attack on Social Security.
Add your name to tell the GOP: Leave our Social Security alone!
Democratic Senatorial Campaign Committee
P.O. Box 96047
Washington, DC 20090
Paid for by the Democratic Senatorial Campaign Committee, dscc.org,
and not authorized by any candidate or candidate&#39;s committee.
The DSCC is the only organization solely dedicated to supporting Democrats in the U.S. Senate. This message was sent to dj724530@gmail.com because you are a part of the DSCC&rsquo;s grassroots network. Please add us to your address book or approved senders list to make sure you keep receiving DSCC updates.
Emails are a critical way for us to stay in touch with our grassroots supporters. 99% of the DSCC&rsquo;s contributions come from grassroots donors giving less than $200. We also strive to keep you updated on issues related to the Democratic Party&rsquo;s values.
If you&rsquo;d like to stop receiving emails related to this campaign, please
click here .
If you&#39;d like to make a contribution to support us, please
click here . We are already beginning to prepare for the fight ahead &ndash; reclaiming the majority in 2016. It will take every single grassroots supporter, but we know it&rsquo;s possible with your help. If you&rsquo;d like to stop receiving all emails from the DSCC, please
unsubscribe . We greatly appreciate your continued support.
Contributions or gifts to the DSCC are not tax deductible.
