
If you are having
trouble viewing this message or would like to share it on a social
network, you can
view the
message online .
HOME
ABOUT
CONTACT ME
SERVING YOU
MEDIA CENTER
ISSUES &amp;
LEGISLATION
OUR DISTRICT
January 09, 2015
Dear
Friend,
I was happy to have my wife Sonia and daughter
Samantha with me at the Capitol on Tuesday for the convening of the 114th
Congress. As we begin the new year, I look forward to working with the
Senate and the President to help advance the priorities of my
constituents and ensure a brighter future for all. This Congress brings us new
opportunities to come together on solutions to help alleviate the
impact of California's drought, grow our economy, help our veterans,
reform our complicated tax code, fix our broken immigration system and
rein in out-of-control government spending.
Glad to have Samantha and Sonia with me for the start of
the new Congress on
Tuesday.
You should have received a survey from me this week asking for
your feedback about what my top priorities should be in the new
Congress. If you havent had a chance to fill it out yet,
please share your thoughts with me here . I always appreciate hearing
from you.
I hope you caught Governor Browns comments at
the high speed rail groundbreaking event in Fresno on Tuesday. While
providing rationale for the project despite its multi-billion dollar
funding gap, he said, I wasn't sure where we were going to get the
rest of the money. Don't worry about it. We are going to get
it."
Watch Governor Browns
comments here .
As the Governor
knows, California voters were promised jobs, ridership numbers, speeds
and costs that look nothing like the current proposal. The Authority
promised taxpayers a shovel-ready project when it took more than $3
billion in federal tax dollars. There is simply no way the Authority
will meet the 2017 deadline to spend the stimulus funding, a failure 10
years in the making. The lack of future funding is certainly worth
worrying about, and its hard to celebrate breaking ground on what is
likely to become abandoned pieces of track that never connect to a useable
segment. I will continue to ensure that no federal dollars are wasted
on this project.
We began this week by unanimously
passing legislation that helps our military heroes when they come home. I
was proud to co-sponsor the Hire More Heroes Act, which ensures that
veterans who receive healthcare through the VA will not be counted
towards the small business employer mandate, providing an additional
incentive to small businesses to hire veterans and giving these vets relief
from the Affordable Care Act. We must strive to ensure smooth
transitions from military to civilian life for our men and women in
uniform.
The
Keystone XL pipeline will create an estimated 42,100 jobs. Its past time
to build.
This morning, I
joined the House in voting to approve the Keystone XL pipeline. State
Department estimates have shown that the pipeline would create more than
42,000 jobs. TransCanada has agreed to 95 special mitigation measures
which would make this the safest pipeline ever built, and the most
recent environmental impact statement concluded that not building the
pipeline creates greater safety and environmental risks than building.
Its time to build, and I look forward to seeing the new Senate take up
this bill and pass it to the Presidents desk.
JEFF
DENHAM
E-mail
Updates
Yes, please periodically send me e-mail
updates.*
*By subscribing to my
e-mail updates, you are authorizing me to send regular e-mail updates
from my office to your e-mail account.
DC
office:
1730 Longworth HOB
Washington, DC
20515
P:
202-225-4540
F: 202-225-3402
Modesto
Office:
4701 Sisk Road, Suite 202
Modesto, CA
95356
P: 209-579-5458
F: 209-579-5028
Unsubscribe
|
Update My Profile
|
Privacy Policy
