
Official Site
Constituent Services
News
Contact
U.S. Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell&rsquo;s eNewsletter - - Week of January 12, 2015
McConnell Says Senate Will Pass Bipartisan Keystone Bill, Urges President to Sign It
On Monday, Senator McConnell delivered remarks on the Senate floor and urged the President to approve the Keystone XL Pipeline, citing strong bipartisan support for the construction of the job-creating infrastructure project.
He said, &ldquo;we&rsquo;ll send a bipartisan jobs bill to the president. We&rsquo;ll fulfill our pledge to stop protecting him from good ideas. It may force the president to finally make a difficult choice &mdash; between jobs and the middle class, versus the demands of powerful special interests &mdash; but President Obama now has every reason to sign the bipartisan jobs and infrastructure bill we pass.&rdquo;
Click the image below to view the Senator&rsquo;s floor remarks.
McConnell: U.S. Senate Stands with the French People
On Monday, Senator McConnell spoke on the Senate Floor expressing support for the French people, saying, &ldquo;the French people should know that the U.S. Senate stands in solidarity with them as they work to recover from such awful terrorist attacks. They should also be assured that we&rsquo;re prepared to cooperate in whatever appropriate way we can.&rdquo;
Click the image below to view the Senator&rsquo;s remarks.
Also on Monday, Senator McConnell met with the French Ambassador to the U.S. G&eacute;rard Araud and signed the condolence book for the citizens of France.
L-R: Ambassador Araud, Majority Leader McConnell, Senator Corker (R-TN), Senator Johnson (R-WI). Photo credit: GETTY
McConnell: President Should Offer Positive, Bipartisan Agenda in State of the Union
On Friday, Senator McConnell spoke on the Senate Floor regarding the President&rsquo;s State of the Union address next week on Tuesday, January 20th. Senator McConnell said, &ldquo;The State of the Union is a unique opportunity not just for the president, but for our entire country. If he lays out an agenda that corresponds to the message voters delivered in November, it could signal a truly productive moment for our country.&rdquo;
Click the image below to view the Senator&rsquo;s floor remarks.
Senator McConnell Welcomes to Kentucky the U.S. Ambassador to the United Nations
On Monday, Senator McConnell welcomed to Louisville, the U.S. Ambassador to the United Nations Samantha Power. Power has been the Ambassador to the United Nations since 2013.
She spoke with University of Louisville students, faculty and members of the Louisville community about foreign policy and world leadership.
Click
HERE
to read a report from WAVE-TV in Louisville on Ambassador Power&rsquo;s visit.
Click the image below to view Senator McConnell&rsquo;s opening remarks and Ambassador Power&rsquo;s speech.
Senator McConnell welcomes Ambassador Power.
Ambassador Power speaks at the University of Louisville.
In the Media
Last week, Louisville&rsquo;s WHAS11-TV reporter, Joe Arnold, sat down for an exclusive interview with Senator McConnell in his U.S. Capitol office to talk about his new role as Senate Majority Leader. Arnold&rsquo;s interview aired on WHAS11&rsquo;s &ldquo;The Powers That Be&rdquo; on Saturday, January 10th.
Click the image below to watch.
On Monday, Kentucky Educational Television (KET) aired their &ldquo;One to One&rdquo; interview with Senator McConnell recorded at Ashland, the Lexington home of Kentucky statesman Henry Clay.
Click the image below to watch the KET special.
On Tuesday, Senators Lisa Murkowski (R-AK), John Hoeven (R-ND), and John Thune (R-SD) joined Senator McConnell for a media stakeout in the U.S. Capitol and spoke about the importance of creating jobs, approving the Keystone XL pipeline, and promoting economic growth policies.
On Thursday during the GOP Members Retreat, Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell and Speaker of the House John Boehner hosted a press conference to announce that Senator Joni Ernst of Iowa will deliver the Republican Address to the Nation following the President&rsquo;s State of the Union on January 20th.
Welcoming Kentuckians to Washington, D.C.
On Tuesday, Senator McConnell welcomed to his office in the U.S. Capitol, Eric Ferguson and Lauren Mauser-Ferguson, of Boone County, Kentucky.
Visiting our Nation's Capital
If you&rsquo;re planning a trip to Washington, D.C., please check out Senator McConnell's
website
and visit his office while you are in town. Every week, Senator McConnell welcomes to his office in the U.S. Capitol many Kentuckians from across the Commonwealth to discuss issues of importance to Kentucky. Also, the Senator&rsquo;s office has information on tours, places to visit and local restaurants to help make your trip to the nation&rsquo;s capital one to remember.
Keeping Up With Senator McConnell
Keep up with the latest news and alerts from our nation&rsquo;s capital as well as updates on things happening back home in Kentucky by becoming a fan of Senator McConnell&rsquo;s
Facebook
page, and get the latest news from Senator McConnell&rsquo;s press office on Twitter at
@McConnellPress . Senator McConnell is also on Instagram - Follow him at
@McConnellPress .
Get this newsletter delivered to your inbox by signing up
HERE
Official Site
|
Privacy Policy
|
Unsubscribe
