
If you are having trouble
viewing this message or would like to share it on a social network, you can
view the message
online .
HOME
NEWS
SERVICES
LEGISLATION
CONTACT
January 12, 2015
Realistic Scoring
Last
week, the House of Representatives approved its rules package for the
114th Congress. Included in that package was a provision that requires
the Congressional Budget Office (CBO) to incorporate whats called
macroeconomic analysis into the cost estimates that CBO provides for
legislation considered by the Congress. In short, we are asking CBO to
give us a broader view into the impact of policies being debated so we
ensure lawmakers have a more realistic and honest analysis of the
budgetary and economic impact of major
legislation.
The inclusion of this realistic analysis provision in
the House rules is an important victory in a larger effort to bring
more transparency and accountability to the legislative process on
behalf of American families. As history has shown and common sense would
lead one to believe, laws passed by Congress can have a broad effect on
the nations economic activity, on job creation and investment
decisions. What we are saying is let us take what the experts at CBO and the
Joint Committee on Taxation (JCT) can measure about the real-world
impact of policies and incorporate those more realistic assessments into
an honest analysis that policymakers can use to make better informed
decisions.
To learn more about
the need for macroeconomic scoring, please
click here .
Keystone XL
In the House of Representatives, we are committed to advancing
solutions that will help grow our economy. That is why, in our first week in
session, we passed several measures to support job creation including
legislation that will encourage the hiring of more veterans. The Hire
More Heroes Act lifts burdensome Obamacare regulations that are
currently standing in the way of our veterans finding
jobs.
In addition, the House acted, once again, with
broad, bipartisan support to pass the Keystone XL Pipeline, and we
expect swift action on this bill in the Senate as well. This common
sense project will create jobs and strengthen Americas energy security.
It reflects the will of the American people who are ready to see
Congress work together on real solutions to expand economic opportunity.
Unfortunately, instead of working across the aisle like he has repeatedly
claimed he would, President Obama has issued a veto threat on
Keystone. He has already been blocking this project for years
putting
political considerations above the interests of American
workers.
That needs to end. The president ought
to demonstrate true leadership by allowing the Keystone Pipeline to
move forward, and then work with Congress on advancing other positive,
bipartisan solutions we know will help strengthen our country and
support American families.
House Budget
Committee
As mentioned in weeks past, I have the honor this
Congress of leading the House Budget Committee as its Chairman. Our
committee looks forward to advancing real solutions to help solve the
nations fiscal and economic challenges. We encourage you to follow our
efforts online at
Budget.House.Gov . Of course,
you can always contact our office by going to
Tom.House.Gov .
Please Feel Free to Tell
a Friend E-mail:
E-mail: E-mail:
Share
on Facebook Share on
Twitter
Washington DC
Office
100 Cannon House Office
Building
Washington DC 20515
Phone: 202-225-4501
Fax: 202-225-4656
District Office:
85-C Mill Street, Suite 300
Roswell, GA 30075
Phone: 770-998-0049
Fax:
770-998-0050
Internet:
Web:
http://tomprice.house.gov
E-mail:
E-mail Tom by clicking here
Unsubscribe
|
Update My Profile
|
Privacy Policy
