
If you are having trouble viewing this
message or would like to share it on a social network, you can
view the message online .
December 12, 2014
Unsubscribe
Update My Profile
Website
|
Meet Rodney
|
11th
District
Services
|
Newsroom
|
Contact
Rodney
e-News 12/12/14
Congress Does
Its JobFinally
Beware Obamacare
"Individual Mandate"
Dont Get Obamacare
Scammed
Addressing the Epidemic of
Veterans Suicides
Protecting Jobs and New
Jersey
Security Gapsat American
Posts
Salute: Congressional Gold Medal
to the Civil Air
Patrol
Congress Does Its JobFinally
Last night,
the House passed H.R. 83, the Omnibus Appropriations Act for Fiscal
Year 2015, which responsibly provides funding for the entire U.S.
government and avoids a costly and damaging shutdown.
Under
this comprehensive bill, the vast majority of agencies are funded
through the end of the Fiscal Year, September 30, 2015.
However,
operating funds for the Department of Homeland Security (DHS) are
essentially frozen and provided under a temporary "Continuing Resolution"
mechanism that expires in late February.
Following this route will
allow DHS to continue to maintain essential security functions while
giving the Congress the ability to revisit the Presidents recent
unlawful executive action on immigration early next year.
I wish
that we did not have to be considering this huge, catch-all
spending package.
However, when Harry Reids Senate failed to approve
even a single one of the 12 annual appropriations bills, this was the
only way we could do our duty under the Constitution to fund the
government while increasing oversight and accountability.
The
central part of the "Omnibus" package is the Defense Appropriations bill
that my committee crafted earlier this year and the House passed
overwhelmingly in June.
The compromise measure keeps faith with the
two priorities I outlined earlier this year as
chairman.
First, it ensures that our men and women in uniform have the resources
they need to defend our nation and support their
families.
Second, it ensures that the Department of Defense has the
resources they need to carry out their critical mission in the most
efficient and effective manner.
The Omnibus legislation,
approved last night, is a clear example of our commitment to U.S.
military dominance across the air, land and sea and our commitment to our
allies and partners.
I would also add that the measure
includes Overseas Contingency Operations funding to combat the real-world
threat posed by ISIL, al Qaeda and other extremist groups and other
dangers presented by such crises as the West Africa Ebola
outbreak.
Beyond the defense section of package, is this Omnibus bill
perfect?
By no means!
But, as long as the Senate approves and
the President signs it, H.R. 83 allows us to fulfill our
Constitutional duty to responsibly fund the federal government and avoid a
damaging and costly government shutdown.
Clearly, this is not the
way the appropriations process should work.
But hopefully, with
Republicans taking control of the Senate next month, we will be able
to return to "regular order" and pass each of our spending bills
individually while demanding of President Obama, his Cabinet and staff,
greater accountability.
In a larger sense, I hope this weeks
action will set the stage for a productive 2015 during which our
friends and allies see American leadership again, rather than disengagement,
ambivalence and an unwillingness to confront challenges in the Middle
East and Russian and Chinese expansionism!
And, be assured
in 2015 our focus will remain on job creation, cutting red tape,
reducing the over-reach of the federal government and promoting economic
freedom.
Beware Obamacare "Individual
Mandate"
The Obamacare law imposes a penalty on individuals who
fail to have so-called minimum essential health insurance coverage
for any month. This requirement is commonly called the individual
mandate, and the penalty is the cost of noncompliance with the mandate. The
bad news is the penalty can be considerably more expensive in 2015.
Writing for
MarketWatch.com , Bill
Bischoff has this must-read
article .
Dont Get Obamacare Scammed
Donna Fuscaldo,
writing for Fox Business, reports that Obamacare scams, fakes and frauds
are very real.
To protect yourself and your family, read her
story
here .
Addressing the
"Epidemic" of Veterans Suicides
I met this week with
Bonnie Carroll, an extraordinary woman of energy who remains devoted
to our military families.
Shes the founder of TAPS, the Tragedy
Assistance Program for Survivors, which offers compassionate care to
all those grieving the death of a loved one serving in our Armed
Forces. It is a private, non-profit organization which, since 1994, has
provided comfort 24 hours a day, seven days a week through a national
peer support network, all at no cost to surviving families and loved
ones.
Among the issues we discussed was the alarming rate of
suicide among our servicemen and women and our veterans.
The
men and women who serve and protect this nation deserve timely,
high-quality care from our VA health care system, especially in the area of
mental health.
With my strong support, this week the
House passed H.R. 5059, the Clay Hunt Suicide Prevention for American
Veterans Act.
The legislation is named after a 28-year-old
Marine veteran of the Iraq War who committed suicide in March 2011, even
though he was working for a group dedicated to preventing suicide among
veterans.
The bill is meant to improve and consolidate
current suicide prevention programs in the VA and to eliminate those VA
programs that have proved to be ineffective.
The measure also aims
to attract more psychiatrists to work at the Department of Veterans
Affairs, in order to make it easier for veterans to find the mental
health care they need for PTSD, and to improve the exchange of
anti-suicide training and best practices among the VA, the Defense Department,
non-government veterans service organizations, and non-profit mental
health providers.
Protecting Jobs and New
Jersey
The House and Senate this week also approved a
terrorism risk insurance bill that protects jobs and taxpayers, and removes
uncertainty that could tie up new infrastructure
projects.
Congress first passed the Terrorism Risk Insurance Act of 2002 (TRIA)
in the aftermath of September 11, 2001 for fear that the lack of
available terrorism insurance could harm economic development. Since 2002
this segment of the market has stabilized, risk management has improved,
modeling has advanced, and premiums have decreased by
70%.
The TRIA Reform Act of 2014, passed Wednesday with my strong support,
protects hardworking taxpayers by modernizing the Terrorism Risk
Insurance program without altering the programs fundamental
functions.
You can read the debate on the bill
here .
Security Gapsat American
Posts
The
Wall Street Journal
carried
an important story this week about security at our embassies around
the world.
Read Security Gaps Detailed at American Posts, State
Department Report Finds Failings at Facilities Beyond Benghazi
here .
Salute:
Congratulations to the
Civil Air Patrol
upon receiving a
Congressional Gold Medal to honor the valor and dedication of its members
who saved countless lives during World War II, including many off the
coast of New Jersey.
The New Jersey Wing has over 1,200 members
today and provides emergency services including search and rescue!
Many of the young men and women I have the honor to nominate to our
military academies have been active members of the New Jersey
CAP!
Contact
Information
WASHINGTON, D.C.
2306 Rayburn House
Office Building
Washington, DC 20515-3011
(202) 225-5034
NEW JERSEY
30 Schuyler Place, Second
Floor
Morristown, NJ 07960
(973) 984-0711
Update My Profile
-
Unsubscribe
-
Privacy Policy
gateway mail end
