
Dear Friend,
Thank you for signing up to receive my email newsletter. These
newsletters will cover a variety of topics, including events happening
in Indiana, legislation being considered in Congress, and my
perspective on current issues. My hope is to keep you updated and
informed on how issues in Washington may impact Hoosiers. I welcome
your feedback.
Thanks for reading,
Dan Coats
_____
A New Direction in a New Congress
As 2014 comes to a close, I look forward with great expectation to the
114th Congress. I am committed to working with my Republican colleagues
to govern more responsibly when we take control of the Senate in
January.
One of Congress' primary duties is to fund the federal government, but
under the management of Harry Reid, the Senate has consistently ignored
important spending decisions until literally the last minute. This
forces senators to vote on large bills that fund the entire government,
but inevitably include many items I do not support.
Last weekend, I supported legislation that funds most of the federal
government through September 30, 2015 and the Department of Homeland
Security through February 27, 2015.
While I believe the overall funding legislation was far from perfect, I
voted for the bill that the House sent to the Senate because it does
make many positive changes for Hoosier families.
Some of these reforms include cutting the Environmental Protection
Agency (EPA) budget by $60 million and the Internal Revenue Service
budget by $345 million, prohibiting an EPA regulation opposed by
Indiana farmers and blocking any new funding to implement Obamacare.
This is all in addition to necessities like funding our national
security priorities and giving our troops a pay raise.
Many Hoosiers have written me with concerns that the omnibus spending
bill passed by Congress funds President Obama's executive amnesty plan.
This bill does not fund Obama's amnesty because funds appropriated by
Congress aren't being used to implement any of what the Obama
Administration plans to do.
Instead, the administration is going to pay for its plan by using visa
fees, which are collected by the United States Citizenship and
Immigration Services, a branch of the Department of Homeland Security
(DHS). This means that once the Obama Administration starts granting
amnesty, it will be paid for by fees collected from those trying to
legally immigrate to the United States, not funds appropriated by
Congress.
What Congress can do to stop President Obama's amnesty plan is pass a
bill prohibiting the use of visa fees to implement the executive action
or attach this language as a rider on an appropriations bill.
Republicans wanted to attach such a rider to the spending bill Congress
just approved, but given that Democrats still control the Senate, it
had no chance of passing.
This is why Republicans fought to only fund DHS through February 27,
2015. By funding DHS only through February, a Republican House and
Senate can attach a rider blocking Obama's amnesty plan to the next DHS
appropriations bill.
Choosing between a massive funding bill and a government shutdown is
absolutely the wrong way to govern. The American people deserve a
Congress that returns the federal government to working order.
In 2015, I look forward to joining my colleagues in focusing debate in
the Senate on measures that will grow the economy, rein in federal
spending and address the national debt.
_____
Cuba Policy Change
President Obama's announcement that he intends to reestablish
diplomatic relations with Cuba is a reversal of American policy that
dates back to President John Kennedy.
Since 1961, nine Democrat and Republican presidents have supported the
Cuba embargo that exists today. While I am grateful for Alan Gross'
safe return to the United States, the president's announcement is
further evidence that his foreign policy objective is appeasement.
The president's action rewards the Castro regime at the expense of the
Cuban people, who will continue to be denied fair elections, an
independent judicial system and free speech rights.
Coats in the News
Senate Passes Resolution Honoring Abdul-Rahman (Peter) Kassig
WISH: Dan Coats objects to Obama's Cuba plan
WTHR: Sen. Dan Coats named to U.S. Senate Finance Committee
Chesterton Tribune: Coats urges State Department to assist religious
minorities persecuted in Syria and Iraq
WANE: Budget bill saves A-10s for another year
_____
Stay Connected
_____
Coats with Hoosiers
On Friday, members of the Indiana Rural Electric Cooperatives presented
me with the 2014 Friends of Indiana Electric Cooperatives Award.
I enjoyed meeting with members of the Indiana Soybean Alliance in
Indianapolis this week.
It was great to meet with the Jewish Community Relations Council in my
Indianapolis office.
_____
To unsubscribe please
Click Here
Contact Me
Latest News
A message
from Senator Dan Coats
Dear
Friend,
Thank you for signing up to receive my email
newsletter. These newsletters will cover a variety of topics,
including
events happening in Indiana, legislation being
considered
in Congress, and my perspective on current issues.
My
hope is to keep you updated and informed on how issues in Washington may impact Hoosiers. I welcome your
feedback.
Thanks for reading,
Dan Coats
A New Direction in a New Congress
As 2014 comes to a close, I look forward with great expectation
to the 114th Congress. I am committed to working with my Republican colleagues to govern more responsibly
when we take control of the Senate in January.
One of Congress&#8217; primary duties is to fund the federal
government, but under the management of Harry Reid, the Senate has consistently ignored important spending
decisions until literally the last minute. This forces senators to vote on large bills that fund the
entire government, but inevitably include many items I do not support.
Last weekend, I supported legislation that funds most
of the federal government through September 30, 2015 and the Department of Homeland Security through
February 27, 2015.
While I believe the overall funding legislation was far
from perfect, I voted for the bill that the House sent to the Senate because it does make many positive
changes for Hoosier families.
Some of these reforms include cutting the Environmental
Protection Agency (EPA) budget by $60 million and the Internal Revenue Service budget by $345 million,
prohibiting an EPA regulation opposed by Indiana farmers and blocking any new funding to implement Obamacare.
This is all in addition to necessities like funding our national security priorities and giving our troops
a pay raise.
Many Hoosiers have written me with concerns that the omnibus
spending bill passed by Congress funds President Obama&#8217;s executive amnesty plan.
This bill does not fund Obama&#8217;s amnesty because
funds appropriated by Congress aren&#8217;t being used to implement any of what the Obama Administration
plans to do.
Instead, the administration is going to pay for its plan
by using visa fees, which are collected by the United States Citizenship and Immigration Services, a
branch of the Department of Homeland Security (DHS). This means that once the Obama Administration starts
granting amnesty, it will be paid for by fees collected from those trying to legally immigrate to the
United States, not funds appropriated by Congress.
What Congress can do to stop President Obama&#8217;s amnesty
plan is pass a bill prohibiting the use of visa fees to implement the executive action or attach this
language as a rider on an appropriations bill. Republicans wanted to attach such a rider to the spending
bill Congress just approved, but given that Democrats still control the Senate, it had no chance of passing.
This is why Republicans fought to only fund DHS through
February 27, 2015. By funding DHS only through February, a Republican House and Senate can attach a rider
blocking Obama&#8217;s amnesty plan to the next DHS appropriations bill.
Choosing between a massive funding bill and a government
shutdown is absolutely the wrong way to govern. The American people deserve a Congress that returns the
federal government to working order.
In 2015, I look forward to joining my colleagues in focusing
debate in the Senate on measures that will grow the economy, rein in federal spending and address the
national debt.
Cuba Policy Change
President Obama&#8217;s announcement that he intends to reestablish diplomatic relations with Cuba
is a reversal of American policy that dates back to President John Kennedy.
Since 1961, nine Democrat and Republican presidents have supported the Cuba embargo that exists today.
While I am grateful for Alan Gross' safe return to the United States, the president's announcement is
further evidence that his foreign policy objective is appeasement.
The president&#8217;s action rewards the Castro regime at the expense of the Cuban people, who will
continue to be denied fair elections, an independent judicial system and free speech rights.
Coats
in the News
Senate
Passes Resolution Honoring Abdul-Rahman (Peter) Kassig
WISH:
Dan Coats objects to Obama&#8217;s Cuba plan
WTHR:
Sen. Dan Coats named to U.S. Senate Finance Committee
Chesterton
Tribune: Coats urges State Department to assist religious minorities persecuted in Syria and Iraq
WANE:
Budget bill saves A-10s for another year
Stay
Connected
Coats with Hoosiers
On Friday, members of the Indiana Rural Electric Cooperatives presented me with the 2014 Friends
of Indiana Electric Cooperatives Award.
I enjoyed meeting with members of the Indiana Soybean Alliance in Indianapolis this week.
It was great to meet with the Jewish Community Relations Council in my Indianapolis office.
To
unsubscribe please
Click
Here
Contact
Me Latest
News
