
Website
|
About
|
Contact Me
|
Serving You
|
Media Center
|
Legislative Work
|
Our District
|
Resources
January 16, 2015
The Scalise Capitol Report
Fulfilling our promise to the American people
House Republicans have fulfilled a promise that we made back in December to fight to end the presidents unconstitutional actions on immigration through strong language we added to the Department of Homeland Security (DHS) funding bill.
This bold vote
will uphold the rule of law by blocking President Obama's illegal executive actions, while also properly funding the Department of Homeland Security, and increasing funds for enhanced border security. Additionally, the DHS funding bill helps blunt cyber-attacks and foreign espionage, increases transparency and accountability at DHS and denies the presidents proposed cuts that would have gutted vital Coast Guard operations.
As the great-grandson of Italian immigrants, I am proud of the role that legal immigration has played and will continue to play in building the greatest nation in the history of the world. However, just as we are a nation of immigrants, we are also a nation of laws. The U.S. Constitution makes it clear that it is the role of Congress to write our nation's immigration laws, and the president cannot create his own laws unilaterally from the Oval Office. In fact, President Obama has made this case himself 22 different times before he began issuing illegal executive actions on immigration. The American people made it very clear in the November election that they want the president to work with Congress to address the many problems facing our great nation, and now it is time for my colleagues in the Senate to take up this bipartisan bill and send it to the president's desk.
Click on the photo to learn about the House bill that blocks President Obama's illegal actions on immigration.
Celebrating Religious Freedom Day
Today, we celebrate a fundamental human right that is essential to a free societyreligious freedom. Two hundred and twenty-nine years ago today, the Virginia General Assembly passed the Virginia Statute for Religious Freedom. Eventually, this served as a model for the Free Exercise Clause of the First Amendment to our Constitution.
By recognizing religious freedom, the legislation protected the rights of citizens to freely profess and maintain their religious beliefs so that no man shall . . . suffer, on account of his religious opinions or belief; but that all men shall be free to profess, and by argument to maintain, their opinions in matters of religion. I believe standing up for religious beliefs is a fundamental First Amendment right and I hope that youll join me today in honoring this priceless freedom we enjoy.
Promoting job creation while reducing burdens on small businesses
Small businesses are the backbone of our economy, and they need more opportunities to grow. Recognizing this, the House has passed the Promoting Job Creation and Reducing Small Business Burdens Act, which relieves small businesses from excessive and unnecessary federal burdens. These radical regulations hurt our countrys economic potential because they garnish wages and increase costs for investors and consumers, and this bill gets Washington out of the way so that small businesses can grow. The foundation for sustainable economic growth in our nation comes from good-paying jobs and greater opportunities for all Americans. This bill levels the playing field for Main Street USA.
Reining in regulations and cutting red tape
Excessive regulations created by unelected Washington bureaucrats cost American families about $15,000 each year. That represents nearly 30 percent of the average household income. The House passed the Regulatory Accountability Act this week, which cuts red tape, increases transparency and reduces unnecessary federal regulations. This means more money goes back into your pocket that can be spent on things like housing, groceries, bills and education. By requiring Washington bureaucrats to find more cost-effective, common-sense ways to implement laws passed by Congress, Americas new Congress is fighting to protect the wages, pocketbooks and opportunities of hard-working Americans.
It is an honor to represent you in Congress. For more information please visit my
website ,
Twitter ,
Instagram , and
Facebook
pages.
God Bless,
Steve Scalise
House Majority Whip
WEBSITE
|
UNSUBSCRIBE
|
CONTACT
Washington DC Office
2338 Rayburn HOB
Washington, DC 20515
Phone: (202) 225-3015
Houma Office
8026 Main Street
Suite 700
Houma, LA 70360
Phone: (985) 879-2300
Metairie Office
110 Veterans Boulevard
Suite 500
Metairie, LA 70005
Phone: (504) 837-1259
Mandeville Office
21454 Koop Drive
Suite 1E
Mandeville, LA 70471
Phone: (985) 893-9064
Hammond Office
1514 Martens Drive
Suite 10
Hammond, LA 70401
Phone: (985) 340-2185
Click Here Click Here