
If you are having trouble viewing this
message or would like to share it on a social network, you can
view the message online .
December 19, 2014
Unsubscribe
Update My Profile
Website
|
Meet Rodney
|
11th
District
Services
|
Newsroom
|
Contact
Rodney
e-News 12/19/14
Back from the
Persian Gulf: Focus on ISIL and
IRAN
Cuba-U.S. Relations: Never Forgetting Trooper
Werner
Obama gives the Castro regime in Cuba an undeserved
bailout
On Cuba, Obama abandons a clear
position for a vague project
Judge
declares Obama immigration action
unconstitutional
Obamacare Fines Loom for the
Uninsured
Additional Support for
Ukraine
Protecting New Jerseys Open Space and Water
Supply
Salute: To the Mendham Township Middle
School
Back from the
Persian Gulf: Focus on ISIL and Iran
I returned to the
United States this week from an official Congressional delegation trip
to the Persian Gulf region.
In my capacity as Chairman of the
House Defense Appropriations Subcommittee, I traveled with incoming
House Armed Services Committee Chairman Mac Thornberry (TX) and incoming
Intelligence Committee Chairman Devin Nunes (CA).
Our
delegation, led by House Majority Leader Kevin McCarthy (CA), visited Iraq,
Saudi Arabia, the United Arab Emirates, Qatar, Kuwait and
Jordan.
Our delegation met with national leaders, including Saudi
Crown Prince Salman bin Abdulaziz al Saud, along with many other senior
defense officials, as well as U.S. military and State Department
officers in these strategically important nations, to assess the vitality of
U.S. partnerships in the region.
The purpose of the trip was to
examine: 1) the counter-ISIL strategy and the evolving military
campaign in Iraq, Syria and the surrounding region and 2) Iran and its
regional influence and actions.
In recent years,
the United States has established valuable working partnerships with
most nations in the region.
It is in the national security interest
of the United States to ensure that these relationships remain active
and vibrant.
Our discussions were helpful in this
regard.
Of course, we also met with men and women of our Armed Forces,
all volunteers, who are serving in various capacities in the area. On
behalf of New Jersey, I thanked them for their service, especially over
the holidays.
Cuba-U.S. Relations: Never
Forgetting Trooper Werner
Without consultation with
Congress or the American people, the Obama Administration established yet
another dangerous practice in our foreign policy.
This week, he
announced that his Administration released three convicted criminals,
including one convicted of conspiracy to commit murder, in exchange for
Cubas release of a U.S. intelligence asset held for twenty years.
This kind of action invites our adversaries, countries and non-state
organizations alike, to use American lives as bargaining chips.
Like the release of the "Gitmo Five" in exchange for Bowe Bergdahl,
American civilians and military members wonder if such actions serve our
nations interest.
Further, I agree with Senator Bob
Menendez when he said this week, President Obamas actions have
vindicated the brutal behavior of the Cuban government.
But
there is more to this story.
Of course, we all welcome the
release of Mr. Alan Gross, an aid worker from Maryland, and his return to
his family in the United States. However, we cannot forget that New
Jersey State Trooper Werner Foerster will never return to his family and
Cuba is harboring his killer.
Mr. Gross release came a
week after White House press secretary Josh Earnest said in a statement
that Grosss continued detainment was an impediment to more
constructive relations between the United States and Cuba. Media reports
indicate that the Obama administration plans to start talks with Cuba on
normalizing full diplomatic relations and opening an embassy in
Havana.
For many of us, one of the biggest impediments to improved
relations between the United States and Cuba is the continued safe
haven provided to the fugitive, Joanne Chesimard.
I would demand
that the White House and the State Department work much harder to bring
this murderer "home" to New Jersey where she can face justice and
serve out her sentence.
Chesimard, was convicted of the 1973
execution-style murder of New Jersey State Trooper Werner Foerster along
the New Jersey Turnpike and sentenced to life in prison.
She
escaped from prison in 1979 and eventually fled to Cuba where the
Castros have sheltered her ever since.
Read William Westhovens
story about Chesimard in the
Daily
Record
here .
Obama gives the
Castro regime in Cuba an undeserved bailout
From
the
Washington Post : On Wednesday, the
Castros suddenly obtained a comprehensive bailout
from the Obama
administration. President Obama granted the regime everything on its
wish list that was within his power to grant; a full lifting of the trade
embargo requires congressional action. Full diplomatic relations will
be established, Cubas place on the list of terrorism sponsors
reviewed and restrictions lifted on U.S. investment and most travel to Cuba.
That liberalization will provide Havana with a fresh source of
desperately needed hard currency and eliminate U.S. leverage for political
reforms.
Read the full editorial
here .
I also recommend you read Charles Lanes
column
in the Thursday
Washington
Post , On Cuba, Obama abandons a clear position for a vague
project.
Judge declares Obama immigration action
unconstitutional
President Obama's unilateral decree
designed to ease the threat of deportation for millions of unlawful
immigrants violates the U.S. Constitution, a federal judge found this week,
handing down the first legal ruling against the plan.
You can
read the
Reuters
story
here .
The House will unveil a multi-pronged strategy
early next year to counter and defund President Obamas unilateral
decrees on immigration.
Obamacare Fines Loom for the
Uninsured
People without insurance are running
out of time to avoid the hefty ObamaCare penalties that the IRS will be
handing down in 2016."
Consumers face a Feb. 15, 2015,
deadline to buy insurance, after which those without coverage could be
hit with fines of $325 per adult or 2 percent of family income,
whichever is higher.
Read Elise Viebeck story in
The
Hill
here .
Additional Support for Ukraine
It was my high honor
to escort President Poroshenko into the House Chamber in September to
deliver his extraordinary address to a Joint Meeting of Congress.
In his remarkable speech, he united Republicans and Democrats in
common cause and support for the people of Ukraine in their fight against
Russian aggression.
This month, with my strong
support, Congress passed and sent to the Presidents desk the Ukraine
Freedom Support Act (H.R. 5859).
This bill contains new sanctions on
Russia in light of its annexation of Crimea and continued military
moves in eastern Ukraine.
The measure hits Russia's defense and
energy sectors with conditional sanctions against firms that sell or
transfer military equipment to the territory of Ukraine (as well as
Georgia, Moldova and Syria), with the goal of stopping the flow of weapons to
separatists across the border.
The White House has
indicated that the President will sign the bill into law.
Lets hope
the President actually follows through and enforces the sanctions
Congress has approved.
Of course, much work remains. The House
will continue to work to ensure that tangible assistance is provided,
not just to Ukraine, but other partners and friends in the Baltics and
central and eastern Europe.
They must be reassured that we have
their back as they face economic coercion, and interference in
domestic political affairs.
Read more about the Ukraine Freedom
Support Act
here .
Protecting
New Jerseys Open Space and Water Supply
Open space
projects around our region will now benefit from matching funding
made available by the federal government through the Highlands
Conservation Act, important legislation which I first sponsored in
2004.
$3 million has been made available by Congress this month and will
be distributed through the United States Fish and Wildlife Service
and the New Jersey Department of Environmental Protections Green Acres
Program.
New Jersey is expected to receive $750,000 of this
funding.
The funding will support the open space purchases of
privately held properties from willing sellers within the Wallkill
River National Wildlife Refuge, as well as to protect the Pimple Hills, an
area that contains productive, contiguous forested land on two gently
rounded hills. Protecting land in this area of Sussex and Passaic
Counties will protect public water supplies, among other important
goals.
The New Jersey Highlands were nationally designated as a
critically important conservation area by the Highlands Conservation
Act in 2004.
The Act authorized Congress to make available funding
through the national Land and Water Conservation Fund to assist the
State of New Jersey and non-profit partners in protecting the highest
valued lands in the counties of Morris, Passaic, Sussex, Warren and
Hunterdon.
Salute: to the Mendham Township Middle
School
which this week received a visit from hometown
Governor Chris Christie and official recognition as a Blue Ribbon School of
Excellence by the U.S. Department of Education
Read more in the
Daily Record
here .
Contact Information
WASHINGTON, D.C.
2306 Rayburn House Office
Building
Washington, DC 20515-3011
(202) 225-5034
NEW
JERSEY
30 Schuyler Place, Second Floor
Morristown, NJ
07960
(973) 984-0711
Update My Profile
-
Unsubscribe
-
Privacy
Policy
