
Dear Friend,
Thank you for signing up to receive my email newsletter. These
newsletters will cover a variety of topics, including events happening
in Indiana, legislation being considered in Congress, and my
perspective on current issues. My hope is to keep you updated and
informed on how issues in Washington may impact Hoosiers. I welcome
your feedback.
Thanks for reading,
Dan Coats
_____
No More Excuses on Keystone Pipeline
Click here
or on the image above to watch me
discuss the Keystone pipeline on the Senate floor.
For six years, President Obama has used every excuse in the book to
avoid supporting the largest ready-to-build infrastructure project in
the United States - the Keystone XL pipeline.
Earlier this month, the Nebraska Supreme Court ruled that the state's
governor has the authority to approve the project's route. This
decision removes another flimsy excuse that President Obama has tried
to hide behind.
The $5.3 billion, privately-funded pipeline is the largest,
ready-to-build infrastructure project in the United States and is
supported by a bipartisan coalition in Congress. The complete route of
the pipeline will run from Alberta, Canada to the U.S. Gulf Coast and
transport an additional 830,000 barrels of oil per day to U.S.
refineries, which includes 100,000 barrels a day from the Bakken region
of North Dakota and Montana.
Last year, the State Department issued a report reaffirming prior
studies that concluded the Keystone pipeline does not present any
significant environmental risks. This report also predicts the
pipeline's construction would support more than 40,000 jobs.
There is absolutely no reason for President Obama to slow-walk this
important project any longer, aside from politics.
The Senate is currently debating legislation to approve the Keystone
pipeline, and I will support this bill to put Americans to work and
move our nation toward greater energy security.
_____
My Response to the State of the Union
Click here
or on the image above to watch my
response to the State of the Union Address.
As President Obama acknowledged, the November election was a referendum
on his policies. Voters clearly rejected those policies when they
elected the largest Republican majority in the House of Representatives
since World War II and gave the GOP control of the Senate.
Unfortunately, it is clear that the president did not get the message.
In his first State of the Union address to the new 114th Congress,
President Obama doubled down on many of the same failed policies - tax
hikes, increased regulation, more spending and bigger government.
It is time for a new course. In the coming months, Congress will be
sending legislation with Republican and Democrat support to 1600
Pennsylvania Avenue. President Obama must decide if he is willing to
work with Congress on solutions to create jobs, increase wages and help
hard-working families or continue the failed path of partisan gridlock.
Coats in the News
Dan Coats- Paris: An image of America's retreat
Coats named chairman of US Senate Finance subcommittee
Coats Statement on 42nd March for Life
Senator on '#DeflateGate': Send Colts to Super Bowl
GOP Senators Seek to Repeal Key Obamacare Mandate
_____
Stay Connected
_____
Coats with Hoosiers
As an undergrad student, I visited Washington, D.C. with the National
Association of Evangelicals. On Tuesday I enjoyed talking with students
on the same trip, including several Hoosiers.
On Thursday, I met with Hoosiers who were in DC for the March for Life
and thanked them for their efforts to
promote a culture that treasures life.
_____
To unsubscribe please
Click Here
Contact Me
Latest News
A message
from Senator Dan Coats
Dear
Friend,
Thank you for signing up to receive my email
newsletter. These newsletters will cover a variety of topics,
including
events happening in Indiana, legislation being
considered
in Congress, and my perspective on current issues.
My
hope is to keep you updated and informed on how issues in Washington may impact Hoosiers. I welcome your
feedback.
Thanks for reading,
Dan Coats
No More Excuses on Keystone Pipeline
Click
here
or on the image above to watch me discuss the Keystone pipeline on the Senate floor.
For six years, President Obama has used every excuse in the book to avoid supporting the largest
ready-to-build infrastructure project in the United States &#8211; the Keystone XL pipeline.
Earlier
this month, the Nebraska Supreme Court ruled that the state&#8217;s governor has the authority to approve
the project's route. This decision removes another flimsy excuse that President Obama has tried to hide
behind.
The $5.3 billion, privately-funded pipeline is the largest, ready-to-build infrastructure project
in the United States and is supported by a bipartisan coalition in Congress. The complete route of the
pipeline will run from Alberta, Canada to the U.S. Gulf Coast and transport an additional 830,000 barrels
of oil per day to U.S. refineries, which includes 100,000 barrels a day from the Bakken region of North
Dakota and Montana.
Last year, the State Department issued a report reaffirming prior studies that concluded the Keystone
pipeline does not present any significant environmental risks. This report also predicts the pipeline&#8217;s
construction would support more than 40,000 jobs.
There is absolutely no reason for President Obama to slow-walk this important project any longer,
aside from politics.
The Senate is currently debating legislation to approve the Keystone pipeline, and I will support
this bill to put Americans to work and move our nation toward greater energy security.
My
Response to the State of the Union
Click
here
or on the image above to watch my response to the State of the Union Address.
As President Obama acknowledged,
the November election was a referendum on his policies. Voters clearly rejected those policies when
they elected the largest Republican majority in the House of Representatives since World
War II and gave the GOP control of the Senate. Unfortunately, it is clear that the president
did not get the message.
In his first State of the Union address to the new 114th Congress, President Obama doubled down on
many of the same failed policies &#8211; tax hikes, increased regulation, more spending and bigger government.
It is time for a new course. In the coming months, Congress will be sending legislation with Republican
and Democrat support to 1600 Pennsylvania Avenue. President Obama must decide if he is willing to work
with Congress on solutions to create jobs, increase wages and help hard-working families or continue
the failed path of partisan gridlock.
Coats
in the News
Dan
Coats-
Paris:
An image of America&#8217;s retreat
Coats
named chairman of US Senate Finance subcommittee
Coats
Statement on 42nd March for Life
Senator
on &#8216;#DeflateGate': Send Colts to Super Bowl
GOP
Senators Seek to Repeal Key Obamacare Mandate
Stay
Connected
Coats with Hoosiers
As an undergrad student,
I visited Washington, D.C. with the National Association of Evangelicals. On Tuesday I enjoyed talking
with students on the same trip, including several Hoosiers.
On
Thursday, I met with Hoosiers who were in DC for the March for Life and thanked them for their
efforts to promote a culture that treasures life.
To
unsubscribe please
Click
Here
Contact
Me Latest
News
