
If you are having trouble viewing this message
or would like to share it on a social network, you can
view the message online .
About
Contact
Services
Media Center
Legislation
Issues
Resources
December 14, 2014
Friends,
Our country is at a
critical crossroads, and we must ensure that when we face the tough
choices, we are making fiscally responsible, intelligent decisions to
promote more good-paying jobs, to move our economy forward, and to make
life better for folks across America. I ran for Congress knowing that
I would face plenty of tough choices. As your Representative, one of
my top priorities is listening to your concerns and needs, and being a
voice for our districts priorities as I consider these difficult
decisions. Last week, I received countless calls, messages and posts on
social media from a lot of folks back home. I want to take a minute to
explain my vote for the spending bill that passed the House on
Thursday. Rest assured,
Im committed to stopping President
Obamas illegal executive amnesty, and I believe this plan is the best
strategy to accomplish that
goal.
In addition to setting the stage to block the Presidents
unconstitutional actions to grant amnesty to millions of illegal immigrants,
the bill we passed takes necessary steps to implement conservative
reforms that root out government waste and ensure that our tax dollars
are used wisely and
responsibly.
While I recognize that its not perfect, this bill keeps the government
functioning while scaling back our bloated bureaucracy and saving
taxpayer dollars.
It advances conservative reforms that cut
spending to $50 billion less than the first Ryan budget, ensuring that
our taxpayer dollars are used wisely and
responsibly.
Just as important as the spending cuts, there are significant
conservative policy wins that put our shared priorities first.
It
cuts discretionary spending to pre-fiscal year 2008 levels and
protects North Carolina jobs by reducing funding for departments like the EPA
and IRS, decreasing EPA staff to the lowest levels since 1989 and
rolling back IRS spending to 2008 levels. Further, it keeps
bureaucrats off our backs by blocking the EPA from regulating irrigation
ditches and taking away our lead ammo.
It also provides no
new funding for Obamacare and cuts $10 million from the Independent
Payment Advisory Board (IPAB)
an unelected board of bureaucrats
appointed by Obama to ultimately make decisions about what kind of
healthcare we can
and cant - have.
Further, it blocks the UN
Arms Treaty that would potentially trample our Second Amendment
rights.
These conservative provisions are essential to bolster job
creation and keep the government from trying to regulate every part of
our lives.
Like
you, I am completely fed up with the Presidents repeated abuse of
power.
By bypassing Congress to unilaterally change our
nations immigration laws, he is disrespecting our constitution and
ignoring your demands that leaders in Washington work
together.
The bottom line is the Presidents actions were
unlawful. Thats why I cosponsored an amendment to defund the Presidents illegal
amnesty and fought to get it included in the spending bill.
While I am disappointed that this amendment wasnt included, I remain
committed to pursuing every avenue to stop the Presidents illegal
actions.
My ultimate goal is to block
the Presidents unconstitutional executive actions, and this bill is a
step towards accomplishing that. It will fund our government for the
rest of the fiscal year, but only funds the Department of Homeland
Security (DHS)
the agency responsible for implementing President Obamas
illegal amnesty - until February 27, 2015.
This bill
responsibly avoids a government shutdown, fulfilling our constitutional
duty and empowering Congress to dismantle and defund the Presidents
illegal amnesty when Republicans take over the Senate in just a few
weeks.
Make no
mistake, President Obama would have benefited from a government
shutdown.
It would have strengthened his hand to move forward on
his illegal amnesty because in the event of a shutdown, the President
decides how our tax dollars are spent and picks and chooses which
government programs remain operating. He would have continued to put
American workers and families last, denying our troops the pay they deserve
and putting our security at risk, shuttering our national parks and
monuments
just like he did last fall during the last government
shutdown
all while still issuing visas to illegal
immigrants.
Folks, I dont work for the President
I work for you. I came to Congress to stop his liberal agenda
and help turn this country around by promoting commonsense, conservative
solutions.
Im not going to back down from the fight,
but we have got to have patience to accomplish our goal. In a matter of
weeks, the new Republican-controlled Congress will send President
Obama legislation that forces him to make a choice: does he stand with the
American people, or does he continue to push his illegal executive
amnesty?
Until next week,
Richard Hudson
Member of Congress
(NC-08)
Concord
Office
325 McGill Ave, NW
Suite 500
Concord, NC 28027
Phone:
(704) 7861612
Rockingham
Office
1015 Fayetteville Rd
Rockingham, NC 28379
Phone: (910) 9972070
Washington D.C.
Office
429 Cannon HOB
Washington, DC 20515
Phone: (202) 2253715
Unsubscribe
|
Update My
Profile
|
Privacy Policy
gateway mail end
