
January 23, 2015
IN THIS ISSUE:
Bangor Superintendent, Dr. Betsy Webb, Testifies in Washington on
Impact of ACA's 30-Hour Rule
Senator Collins Responds to President Obama's State of the Union
Address
Senator Collins Gives Floor Speech Regarding "Forty Hours is Full-Time"
Act
Collins, King Introduce Bill to Help Rural Veterans
Meeting with Mainers
WEEKLY COLUMN
"Year in Review"
By: Senator Susan Collins
President Obama recently delivered his "State of the Union" address
where he spoke about our nation's progress and his vision for the
coming year. As we as a country turn the page on 2014 and look to the
future, I'd like to reflect on some of my work from this past year and
highlight my priorities for the year ahead.
I am deeply honored to serve our great state of Maine in the United
States Senate and will continue to work to bridge the partisan divide
and to forge bipartisan solutions to the many challenges our nation
faces.
I am pleased to report a number of successes from this past year,
including provisions from my "Seven Point Plan for Maine Jobs." Some of
my proposals to streamline job training programs and better match
workers' skills with employers' needs were enacted as part of a
workforce investment act. I helped secure promising manufacturing
opportunities for our state-from requiring the military to buy
American-made athletic footwear for new recruits, just as it does for
other uniform items, to an additional Department of Energy investment
in the deepwater, offshore wind power project being developed by the
University of Maine, Maine Maritime Academy, and private companies. For
Maine agriculture, I succeeded in including the fresh, white potato in
a federal nutrition program from which it has been the only vegetable
to be excluded.
To read the rest of the column, click here
Bangor Superintendent, Dr. Betsy Webb, Testifies in Washington on
Impact of ACA's 30-Hour Rule
Dr. Betsy Webb, Superintendent of the Bangor School Department,
testified before the U.S. Senate Health, Education, Labor & Pensions
Committee. Senator Susan Collins, a member of the Committee, invited
Dr. Webb to speak about the unintended impact of the Affordable Care
Act's "30-Hour Full-Time Rule" on the school district. Dr. Webb stated,
"The ACA's definition of 'full-time' work will deprive the district of
flexibility critical to its success. For example, the district has a
core group of substitute teachers who work more than 30-hours a week
filling in for teachers who are out for extended periods, such as
maternity leave. These substitute teachers help maintain continuity in
the classroom, which is so important to students. Bangor can't afford
to offer health benefits to these substitutes, nor can Bangor afford
the penalty for failing to do so. Unless something is done to fix the
30-hour rule, the district will be forced to reduce the hours of these
substitute teachers."
Senator Collins and Dr. Webb chat with HELP Committee Chairman, Senator
Lamar Alexander, before the start of the hearing.
To see Dr. Webb's testimony click here
.
The full press release is available here
.
Senator Collins Gives Floor Speech Regarding the "Forty Hours is
Full-Time" Act
Senator Collins spoke on the Senate floor this week about the "Forty
Hours is Full-Time Act," which she and Senator Joe Donnelly (D-IN)
reintroduced to change the definition of a "full-time employee" under
the Affordable Care Act from someone who works an average of 30 hours a
week to someone who works an average of 40 hours a week. This
legislation will help ensure that millions of American workers do not
have their hours, and their paychecks, reduced.
Click here
or click the play button above to
watch the speech.
Senator Collins Responds to President Obama's State of the Union
Address
Following President Obama's State of the Union Address, Senator Collins
released a statement in response to the President's call for
collaboration on important issues facing our nation, and expressed
concern about the President's failure to provide a clear national
security strategy.
"Tonight, we heard the President call for members of Congress to work
together to address important issues facing America both at home and
abroad in order to grow our economy, enhance national security, and
ensure hardworking Americans' paychecks go further. This type of
collaboration is just what people in Maine expect, and what I have
always worked to accomplish."
Click here or click the play button above to watch Senator Collins'
response.
To see Senator Collins' full statement click here
.
Collins, King Introduce Bill to Help Rural Veterans
>From WCSH-6 Portland
-
WASHINGTON, D.C. -- U.S. Senators Susan Collins and Angus King have
introduced legislation - the Veterans Access to Community Care Act of
2015 - that would require the Department of Veterans Affairs (VA) to
use its existing authority to offer community care to veterans who live
more than 40 miles driving distance from the nearest VA medical
facility that provides the type of care they need.
Full story available here
Senator Collins Welcomes Senate Page From
Wells High School
Senator Susan Collins welcomed Maine-native Seamus McDonough to
Washington, D.C. and to the Senate Page program this week. McDonough
joins the program from Wells High School where he is a junior.
Senate Page duties consist primarily of delivery of correspondence and
legislative material within the Congressional complex. Other duties
include preparing the chamber for Senate sessions, and carrying bills
and amendments to the desk. Pages also attend classes in the early
morning at the United States Senate Page School.
McDonough maintains a 4.0 GPA and is a three-sport athlete in golf,
basketball, and track. McDonough is also active in his community where
he helped to organize several Red Cross blood drives and volunteered at
the local toy drive, as well as the community's Thanksgiving dinner for
the elderly. He serves as his class' treasurer, a student-peer tutor,
and is a delegate for the Maine Youth Leadership Conference.
Seamus McDonough's sister, Katie McDonough, also participated in the
Senate Page program.
Meeting with Mainers
Senator Collins always makes time to meet individually with
constituents- either Mainers who are visiting Washington, D.C. or at
home in Maine.
She values hearing from Mainers on a wide range of topics. Here are a
few photos from recent meetings:
Top Right: IFPTE Local 4 Portsmouth Naval Shipyard: Matt Biggs, Mark
Nelson, Debbie Jennings
Bottom Left: David MacDonald, President, Friends of Acadia; Hannah
Sistare Clark, FOA Board Member; and Ralph & Susan Nurnberger, FOA
volunteers and active members of the FOA Advocacy Committee
OFFICE OF SENATOR SUSAN COLLINS
413 Dirksen Senate Office Building
Washington, D.C. 20510
Phone: (202) 224-2523
Fax: (202) 224-2693
To UNSUBSCRIBE, please click here
DEFAULT TABLE ATTRIBUTES ARE:
DEFAULT TD STYLE IS:
DEFAULT LEFT SIDEBAR IS:
DEFAULT RIGHT COLUMN IS:
Can't
see the images? Make sure your e-mail is set to download pictures in order to see the full content
of this e-newsletter.
January
23, 2015
IN
THIS ISSUE:
Bangor Superintendent, Dr. Betsy Webb, Testifies in Washington on Impact
of ACA's 30-Hour Rule
Senator Collins Responds to President Obama's State of the Union Address
Senator Collins Gives Floor Speech Regarding "Forty Hours is Full-Time"
Act
Collins, King Introduce Bill to Help Rural Veterans
Meeting with Mainers
WEEKLY COLUMN
"Year in Review" By: Senator Susan Collins
President Obama recently delivered his &#8220;State of the Union&#8221; address where he spoke
about our nation&#8217;s progress and his vision for the coming year. As we as a country turn the page
on 2014 and look to the future, I&#8217;d like to reflect on some of my work from this past year and
highlight my priorities for the year ahead.
I am deeply honored to serve our great state of Maine in the United States Senate and will continue
to work to bridge the partisan divide and to forge bipartisan solutions to the many challenges our nation
faces.
I am pleased to report a number of successes from this past year, including provisions from my
&#8220;Seven Point Plan for Maine Jobs.&#8221; Some of my proposals to streamline job training programs
and better match workers&#8217; skills with employers&#8217; needs were enacted as part of a workforce
investment act. I helped secure promising manufacturing opportunities for our state&#8212;from requiring
the military to buy American-made athletic footwear for new recruits, just as it does for other uniform
items, to an additional Department of Energy investment in the deepwater, offshore wind power project
being developed by the University of Maine, Maine Maritime Academy, and private companies. For Maine
agriculture, I succeeded in including the fresh, white potato in a federal nutrition program from which
it has been the only vegetable to be excluded.
To read the rest of the column, click
here
Bangor
Superintendent, Dr. Betsy Webb, Testifies in Washington on Impact of ACA's 30-Hour Rule
Dr. Betsy Webb, Superintendent
of the Bangor School Department, testified before the U.S. Senate Health, Education, Labor &amp; Pensions
Committee. Senator Susan Collins, a member of the Committee, invited Dr. Webb to speak about the unintended
impact of the Affordable Care Act&#8217;s &#8220;30-Hour Full-Time Rule&#8221; on the school district.
Dr. Webb stated, &#8220;The ACA&#8217;s definition of &#8216;full-time&#8217; work will deprive the district
of flexibility critical to its success. For example, the district has a core group of substitute teachers
who work more than 30-hours a week filling in for teachers who are out for extended periods, such as
maternity leave. These substitute teachers help maintain continuity in the classroom, which is so important
to students. Bangor can&#8217;t afford to offer health benefits to these substitutes, nor can Bangor
afford the penalty for failing to do so. Unless something is done to fix the 30-hour rule, the district
will be forced to reduce the hours of these substitute teachers.&#8221;
Senator
Collins and Dr. Webb chat with HELP Committee Chairman, Senator Lamar Alexander, before the start of
the hearing.
To see Dr. Webb's testimony click
here .
The full press release is available
here .
Senator Collins Gives Floor Speech Regarding the "Forty Hours is Full-Time"
Act
Senator Collins spoke on the Senate floor this week about
the &#8220;Forty Hours is Full-Time Act,&#8221; which she and Senator Joe Donnelly (D-IN) reintroduced
to change the definition of a &#8220;full-time employee&#8221; under the Affordable Care Act from someone
who works an average of 30 hours a week to someone who works an average of 40 hours a week. This legislation
will help ensure that millions of American workers do not have their hours, and their paychecks, reduced.
Click
here
or click the play
button above to watch the speech.
Senator
Collins Responds to President Obama's State of the Union Address
Following
President Obama's State of the Union Address, Senator Collins released a statement in response to the
President's call for collaboration on important issues facing our nation, and expressed concern about
the President's failure to provide a clear national security strategy.
&#8220;Tonight, we heard the President call for members of Congress to work together to address
important issues facing America both at home and abroad in order to grow our economy, enhance national
security, and ensure hardworking Americans&#8217; paychecks go further. This type of collaboration is
just what people in Maine expect, and what I have always worked to accomplish."
Click
here
or click the play button above to watch
Senator Collins' response.
To see Senator Collins' full statement click
here .
Collins,
King Introduce Bill to Help Rural Veterans
From
WCSH-6
Portland -
WASHINGTON,
D.C. -- U.S. Senators Susan Collins and Angus King have introduced legislation &#8211; the Veterans Access
to Community Care Act of 2015 &#8211; that would require the Department of Veterans Affairs (VA) to use
its existing authority to offer community care to veterans who live more than 40 miles driving distance
from the nearest VA medical facility that provides the type of care they need.
Full
story available
here
Senator
Collins Welcomes Senate Page From
Wells
High School
Senator
Susan Collins welcomed Maine-native Seamus McDonough to Washington, D.C. and to the Senate Page program
this week. McDonough joins the program from Wells High School where he is a junior.
Senate
Page duties consist primarily of delivery of correspondence and legislative material within the Congressional
complex. Other duties include preparing the chamber for Senate sessions, and carrying bills and amendments
to the desk. Pages also attend classes in the early morning at the United States Senate Page School.
McDonough maintains a 4.0 GPA and is a three-sport athlete in golf, basketball, and track. McDonough
is also active in his community where he helped to organize several Red Cross blood drives and volunteered
at the local toy drive, as well as the community&#8217;s Thanksgiving dinner for the elderly. He serves
as his class&#8217; treasurer, a student-peer tutor, and is a delegate for the Maine Youth Leadership
Conference.
Seamus McDonough&#8217;s sister, Katie McDonough, also participated in the Senate Page program.
Meeting with Mainers
Senator Collins always makes time to meet individually with constituents&#8212; either Mainers
who are visiting Washington, D.C. or at home in Maine.
She values hearing from Mainers on a wide range of topics. Here are a few photos from recent meetings:
Top
Right: IFPTE Local 4 Portsmouth Naval Shipyard: Matt Biggs, Mark Nelson, Debbie Jennings
Bottom Left: David MacDonald, President, Friends of Acadia; Hannah
Sistare Clark, FOA Board Member; and Ralph &amp; Susan Nurnberger, FOA volunteers and active members
of the FOA Advocacy Committee
OFFICE OF SENATOR SUSAN COLLINS
413 Dirksen Senate Office Building Washington,
D.C. 20510 Phone: (202) 224-2523 Fax: (202) 224-2693
To UNSUBSCRIBE,
please
click here
