
If you are having trouble
viewing this message or would like to share it on a social network,
you can
view the message
online .
HOME
NEWS
SERVICES
LEGISLATION
CONTACT
December 15, 2014
A Stronger Hand to
Play
Last week, Congress passed a consolidated appropriations
bill to fund the majority of government through fiscal year 2015 along
with a short-term funding bill to cover the Department of Homeland
Security until February 2015. The bill will now go to the presidents desk
for his signature.
There was
and is a lot of frustration that this legislation did not contain a
defunding of President Obamas unlawful violation of our immigration
laws. Unfortunately, right now, the Democrats in the Senate, who retain
their majority until next year, are going to
as they have all
Congress
continue to run interference for the president until they no
longer can. They made that clear earlier this summer when the House first
passed legislation to prohibit the presidents executive overreach, and
the Democrat Senate, characteristically, shelved the proposal.
Theres no reason to believe those on the other side of the aisle would have
changed their tune in the next few days which is why a defunding
effort would not have made it into law.
In short, the funding bill is the result of divided government.
However, it will allow the newly elected and strengthened Republican
majorities in the Senate and House of Representatives next Congress to
start the year off with a relatively clean slate and with the
opportunity to continue our efforts to hold President Obama accountable. The
American people have a right to live in a nation governed by laws, not
executive fiat, which is why we have put in place a short-term
extension of Homeland Security funding so that Congress must confront this
issue in the new year when we have a stronger hand to
play.
By passing an omnibus rather than another
continuing resolution, Congress has been able to make substantive
changes and updates to how, where and when government spends taxpayer
dollars. The bill contains the lowest overall level of discretionary
spending since 2006. It includes provisions like the amendment I offered
earlier this year to the Financial Services appropriation bill that
prohibits funds from being used by the IRS to ignore regulations that
protect the confidentiality and disclosure of taxpayer information.
Moreover, it means the new Republican majority will begin next years budget
process in an orderly and responsible fashion as we seek to enact
positive solutions to address the nations fiscal and economic
challenges.
Honoring Our Military Families
This past weekend, I had the honor of spending time with
members of our community celebrating the lives and courageous sacrifice of
our military families. At the Georgia National Cemetery in
Canton, I joined Wreaths Across America to pay our respects
especially to those who made the ultimate sacrifice in the name of freedom.
Along with Consul General of the Republic of Korea, Seong-jin Kim and
Koreas Minister of Patriots and Veterans Affairs, Park Sungchoon I
laid a wreath for our Korean War veterans at the Johns Creek
Veterans Memorial. We owe our humble gratitude to those who have fought
to defend our country.
To
view pictures from our visits, you can go to
our Facebook page
or
click here
for
Wreaths Across America and
here
for the wreath
laying on behalf of our Korean War
veterans.
Please Feel Free to Tell a
Friend E-mail:
E-mail: E-mail:
Share on Facebook Share on
Twitter
Washington DC Office
100 Cannon
House Office Building
Washington
DC 20515
Phone: 202-225-4501
Fax: 202-225-4656
District Office:
85-C Mill
Street, Suite 300
Roswell, GA
30075
Phone: 770-998-0049
Fax: 770-998-0050
Internet:
Web:
http://tomprice.house.gov
E-mail:
E-mail Tom by clicking here
Unsubscribe
|
Update My
Profile
|
Privacy Policy
gateway mail end
