
Miller Newsletter
January 18, 2015
Washington Update
House Votes to Defund the President's Executive Amnesty
President Obamas sweeping action to grant executive amnesty to millions of illegal immigrants with one swipe of his pen flies in the face of our Nations constitutional framework.
Despite what he may wish, the President does not have the authority to make laws; rather, the executive has a duty to faithfully execute the laws passed by Congress.
Given the significance of our immigration crisis at hand, and the need to take decisive action to secure our borders and enforce the immigration laws we have on the books, the decision by the President to take unilateral action is even more galling.
When the executive branch begins to overstep its authority, it is then up to the other branches of government to respond and restore the balance of power, and last week the House took strong steps to stop the Presidents executive amnesty.
H.R. 240, the
Department of Homeland Security Appropriations Act of 2015 , provides funding for the Department of Homeland Security (DHS) for the remainder of the current fiscal year.
Crucially, during consideration of this funding measure several amendments were offered and adopted by the House to put a halt to the Presidents amnesty.
First, my colleague Congressman Robert Aderholt (R-AL), offered an amendment directly prohibiting any fundsbe they direct appropriations, fees collected from applications, or money from any other sourcefrom being used by any agency to implement, administer, enforce, or carry out any of the provisions or policies of the Presidents executive amnesty.
The amendment also overturns the Justice Departments so-called prosecutorial discretion memos, which are being used to prevent certain classes of illegal immigrants from being deported, while also including the same prohibitions on funding for any similar executive actions taken after enactment of the bill.
This amendment also makes clear that the Presidents executive amnesty, and any other similar actions he may try to take in the future, have no statutory or constitutional basis and therefore no legal force.
Finally, the amendment prevents any federal funds from being used to grant any form of federal benefits to any illegal immigrant as a result of the policies defunded.
Building on the Aderholt amendment, Congresswoman Marsha Blackburn (R-TN) offered an amendment that prevents any funds, including fees, from being used to consider new, renewal or previously denied applications for the Presidents de-facto amnesty.
I supported both the Aderholt and Blackburn amendments and, both amendments were adopted into the underlying DHS appropriations measure.
In addition to these targeted provisions, H.R. 240 also includes several other important immigration and security measures, including funding to deter and interdict illegal immigrants, increased funding for border security fencing, and funding for E-verify to allow employers to verify the immigration status of workers.
Also included in the bill are provisions to prohibit funds from being used to transfer or release Guantanamo Bay detainees, as well as prohibitions on using funding to develop a national identification card.
Finally, since one of the best ways to deal with illegal immigration is to enforce the laws we have on the books, the bill includes a provision requiring DHS to enforce all existing immigration laws.
Earlier this month, I took an oath of office to uphold the Constitution, and that is why I voted to defund the Presidents dangerous executive amnesty.
House Republicans made a clear promise to the American people to rein in an out-of-control executive branch.
By taking up this measure to stop the Presidents amnesty as one of our first orders of business in the new Congress, we are making clear to the American people and to the President that we fully intend to do our duty as the duly elected Representatives of the American people.
House Passes H.R.185, Regulatory Accountability Act of 2015
Each year, the cost of federal regulations totals more than $1.8 trillion.
This staggering amount means that the enormous burden of this regulatory regime costs each American family approximately $15,000 a year.
In any economy, hard-working families could do with an extra $15,000 in their pocket, and, in our current economic climate, with nearly 9 million Americans still unemployed and wages actually decreasing in the most recent jobs report, the need to reduce the weight of excessive regulations is even more pressing.
Yet, rather than working to try to make the American peoples lives easier, the Obama Administration continues to push forward its regulatory agenda.
In fact, in just the first few weeks of this new year, the Administration has put forward more than 300 new rules into the federal registry.
The inefficient and costly nature of federal rulemaking is not all that surprising when one takes into consideration the rules governing the issuance of new regulations are largely governed by the
Administrative Procedure Act , a law which has not been updated since it was first passed in 1946 and which places few constraints on agency rulemaking.
This is why the House took action last week to bring much needed reforms to the federal regulatory process through passage of H.R. 185, the
Regulatory Accountability Act .
The
Regulatory Accountability Act
is a commonsense measure that would update the way agencies analyze and formulate new regulations and guidance documents.
Among its provisions, H.R. 185 would require the government to consider several factors prior to issuing a rule, including: whether it actually has legal authority; whether new regulations are warranted to address the issue at hand; whether the issue can be addressed by repealing or modifying existing regulations; and the potential costs and benefits.
The bill would also increase transparency in the federal rulemaking process by requiring public input at each stage of the formal rulemaking process, and curbing the issuance of hastily put together interim-final rules, which can be pushed through without any public comment whatsoever, by requiring hearing-based, as well as notice-and-comment procedures to properly vet regulations.
Americans expect solutions from their elected officials, and one of the best ways to jump start our economy, get millions back into work, and put more money back into the pocket of hard-working American families, is to seriously rein in the size and scope of the federal regulatory state.
The
Regulatory Accountability Act
is a commonsense step in that direction.
I supported the bill, which passed by a vote of 250-175, and I look forward to continuing to work with my colleagues to advance pro-growth conservative legislation.
House Passes H.R.37, Promoting Job Creation and Reducing Small Business Burdens Act
The House passed a package of 11 bills, most of which passed the House in the last Congress with broad support, aimed at cutting back on some of the red-tape that is hampering growth and access to capital, particularly for small businesses.
Thanks in large part to Dodd-Frank, small businesses in Northwest Florida, and across the country, often find it difficult to access the capital that they need to start or grow their business and hire new employees.
By pushing back on Dodd-Frank and streamlining many of its requirements, H.R. 37,
Promoting Job Creation and Reducing Small Business Burdens Act , would remove unnecessary barriers and allow capital to flow to the small businesses that are responsible for driving economic growth.
The 114th Congress has started with a strong emphasis on passing pro-growth jobs bills, and the H.R. 37 is another indication that the House is committed to supporting our Nations job creators.
House Passes H.R.33 - Protecting Volunteer Firefighters and Emergency Responders Act
Across Northwest Florida, and throughout the country, volunteer firefighters put their lives on the line to protect the lives and property of their fellow neighbors.
Yet, according to the International Association of Fire Chiefs, over 780,000 volunteer firefighters may be in danger of falling under Obamacares crippling employer mandate, potentially leading these volunteer fire departments to cut back on their emergency response capabilities, or simply close their doors all together to avoid being subject to Obamacares unsustainable mandate penalties.
As with so many other areas, the architects of Obamacare failed to mention the many negative impacts that it would have across segments of our society far beyond the health care arena.
Volunteer firefighters are now potentially in Obamacares crosshairs due to the employer mandate, which requires all businesses with more than 50 full-time employees to provide employer-sponsored insurance or face a $2,000 noncompliance penalty for each full-time employee beyond the 30th they hire.
The IRS, which is responsible for enforcing Obamacares mandates, has historically treated volunteer firefighters as employees for tax purposes, and thus there is a fear that the IRS would extend this treatment and apply the employer mandate to volunteer fire departments.
To prevent this unacceptable scenario, the House passed H.R. 33,
Protecting Volunteer Firefighters and Emergency Responders Act , which would amend the Internal Revenue Code to ensure that the hours worked by volunteer firefighters and emergency service personnel are not counted for the purposes of the employer mandate.
While I believe we must continue to fight until Obamacare is repealed, H.R. 33 presents a commonsense solution to one of Obamcares many problems and I supported it.
Veterans Corner
House Passes H.R.203 - Clay Hunt SAV Act
A 2012 report from the Department of Veterans Affairs (VA) noted that an average of 18-22 veterans have committed suicide each day for more than a decade. Last week the House once again took an important step to help quell this epidemic.
Its time for comprehensive, new ideas to improve the accessibility and effectiveness of mental health care available to our veterans, and thats exactly what the
Clay Hunt SAV Act
would provide. Named in honor of the late Iraq and Afghanistan veteran and veterans advocate Clay Hunt, H.R.203, would ensure VAs mental health and suicide prevention efforts receive crucial independent, third party oversight, while creating a greater accounting of available services and fostering an enhanced community approach to delivering veterans suicide prevention and mental health care treatment, which is why I urge my colleagues in the Senate to join me in supporting it.
To view my remarks regarding H.R.203 on the House floor, click on the image below.
Click on the image above to view Congressman Miller's floor remarks Monday on
H.R.203 - Clay Hunt SAV Act
H.R.280, To authorize the Secretary of Veterans Affairs to recoup bonuses and awards paid to employees of the Department of Veterans Affairs.
I introduced legislation last week that would give the Department of Veterans Affairs secretary the authority to recoup for cause bonuses paid to VA employees and eliminate confusion among VA officials who have made contradictory statements about the departments authority to recover these payments.
In scandal after scandal at one VA facility after another across the country, VA executives who presided over mismanagement and negligence are often more likely to have received a bonus than any sort of punishment. In fact, VA paid more than $380,000 in cash bonuses to top executives at 38 hospitals that are under investigation for falsifying wait times for medical care.
Ideally, VA employees and executives who collected bonuses under false pretenses should be subject to prosecution when warranted, but at a minimum their bonuses should be paid back in full. I urge my colleagues to support this bill so the VA secretary will have another tool to instill some much-needed accountability throughout the department.
In the District
Last week, I had the opportunity to meet with one of Northwest Floridas many young and talented elementary school students, Trip. Trip is a student at Pensacola Christian Academy, and he came by my Pensacola office as part of a school project, called My State Notebook.
His project highlights various historical sites located within Floridas First Congressional district and different areas of government, and I was happy to participate.
Congressman Miller visiting with Trip
In the News
Our thoughts and prayers go out to all the families of the twelve victims cowardly and senselessly murdered by Islamic extremists at the French satirical magazine, Charlie Hebdo, in Paris. Days later, a lone gunman with ties to Islamic extremism seized hostages at a kosher supermarket in Paris, tragically killing an additional four innocent victims. On January 3, Boko Haram marched into a Nigerian town and slaughtered hundreds, if not thousands of people.
These despicable acts are not committed in a vacuum. They are tragic consequences of an inability to truly understand the threat faced by Islamic extremisma term President Obama is reluctant to use. Earlier this week, more than 50 heads of stateincluding Israeli Prime Minister Netanyahu and Palestinian Authority President Abbasunited in France to show solidarity against such barbarism. Inexplicably, the Obama Administration failed to send a senior representative. These tragedies exemplify the fact that this war on terror is a global one, and the first step in fighting it is to acknowledge the threat, and know the enemy. Any individuals who use any religion to justify abhorrent violence are nothing less than terrorists. These groups must know that such atrocities will not be tolerated, and any such acts will be met with justice served.
Miller Media Clips
To read some recent press clips highlighting my work on behalf of Florida's First Congressional District and our Nations veterans and servicemembers, click on the links below:
VA Inspector General: We Do Lots Of Reports That We Dont Publish Or Tell Congress About
The VAs Latest Major Problem: An Inspector General That Hides Damaging Reports About VA Failures
Lawmaker Proposes VA Recoup Bonus Money from Bad Executives
House targets VA bonuses in new bill
GOP Rep. Miller Wants VA Bonuses Given Back
Lawmaker signals second time's a charm for suicide prevention bill
Bill would give VA the power to revoke bonuses
Jeff Miller introduces bill to recoup VA bonuses
Jeff Miller Wants VA Secretary to Be Able to Recall Bonuses
VA Bonuses Targeted Again
New GOP bill aims to strip bonuses from failed VA employees
House again passes veterans suicide prevention bill
Martin Luther King, Jr. Day
As one of the primary leaders of the Civil Rights Movement, Dr. Martin Luther King, Jr. inexorably changed the course of our Nations history. As he noted in his famous I have a Dream Speech, the inspired words of our Constitution and founding documents are a promise that each and every American citizen will forever be guaranteed the unalienable rights of life, liberty, and the pursuit of happiness. Dr. Kings speech moved a Nation and will be forever remembered as one of the watermark moments in our history, and today, just around the corner from the Lincoln Memorial, where this speech was delivered, the Martin Luther King, Jr. Memorial stands as an eternal testament to Dr. Kings legacy. Just as this memorial celebrates Dr. Kings impact, tomorrow our Nation will remember his life and legacy as we mark his birthday and celebrate Martin Luther King Jr. Day.
As always, I welcome your comments. To share your thoughts on legislation, votes or issues, please visit http://jeffmiller.house.gov/ to send an e-mail or call any of my offices.
Thanks,
Jeff
Click Here
to view this email in your browser
Click Here
to be removed from this list