
If you are having
trouble viewing this message or would like to share it on a social network,
you can
view the message
online .
HOME
NEWS
SERVICES
LEGISLATION
CONTACT
January 26, 2015
A Healthy Economy for All
If you happened to catch President Obama's State of the Union
address this past Tuesday, you would have heard a lot about "middle
class economics." The president is now calling his plan for higher
taxes, more bureaucracy and more Washington spending "middle class
economics." But as the past six years have shown, those sorts of economic
policies have actually created a recovery that has been particularly lousy
for America's middle class.
As I explained in
a Friday op-ed online
at
RealClearPolitics.com:
Wages have stagnated; median income is down and GDP
growth is worse than any recovery in the modern era. According to the most
recent data available from the Federal Reserve, real median household
income for the middle fifth of families has fallen by 6 percent since
2010. At the same time, the top ten percent of families have seen
their real median household income increase by 2
percent.
The American
Enterprise Institutes Arthur Brooks calls this an asymmetrical recovery.
Under President Obama, it is called the new normal. The middle class
is getting left out of the nations economic
recovery.
I go on to discuss specific ways the
president's policies have built barriers to economic opportunity
including
Obamacare, the regulatory assault on job creators and families as well
as the blocking of American energy
production.
In the end, though, it is vital that we don't just
point out what has failed. We have to focus on advancing positive
solutions to these challenges. Thankfully, as I note in my op-ed, that's
exactly what Republicans in Congress are focused
on:
Our opportunity agenda
says that policymakers ought to embrace the can-do attitude of
American workers and the creative spirit of entrepreneurs and innovators.
That means getting the debt under control by putting forward a balanced
budget that allocates tax dollars more effectively and efficiently. It
means strengthening and securing vital health and retirement programs
that benefit millions of Americans but also represent the overwhelming
majority of government spending. Its reckless and irresponsible to
ignore the fact that these programs are on an unsustainable
path.
At the
same time, we need to reform the tax code so it is simpler and fairer,
while streamlining regulations so that Washington stops trying to run
our lives and instead focuses on its core
responsibilities.
These actions
will build the foundation for long-term prosperity, strengthen our
communities and enhance the quality of life for more American families.
They will empower individuals and build a healthy economy that
encourages and rewards innovation, entrepreneurship, optimism, and
creativity. With more jobs and increased wages, it will be easier to address our
debt challenges, and in the long-term, we will have a healthier
economy.
If you have a moment,
please check out the entire op-ed by
clicking
here .
Unfortunately, President Obama
has made it clear that his administration is stuck in the past when
it comes to thinking about how we solve the tremendous challenges
facing our nation. House Republicans are ready to work with the president
and Democrats in Congress, but it is past time we moved beyond the
same, tired policies of the past that failed to deliver on the presidents
promises. We have to focus on unleashing an economy that benefits
every American with a government thats accountable to hard-working
taxpayers. We invite the president to join
us.
Please Feel Free to Tell a
Friend E-mail:
E-mail: E-mail:
Share on Facebook Share
on Twitter
Washington DC Office
100
Cannon House Office Building
Washington DC 20515
Phone:
202-225-4501
Fax: 202-225-4656
District Office:
85-C
Mill Street, Suite 300
Roswell, GA
30075
Phone: 770-998-0049
Fax: 770-998-0050
Internet:
Web:
http://tomprice.house.gov
E-mail:
E-mail Tom by clicking here
Unsubscribe
|
Update My
Profile
|
Privacy Policy
gateway mail end
