
If you are having
trouble viewing this message or would like to share it on a social network,
you can
view the message
online .
CONTACT
ABOUT
SERVICES
NEWS
OFFICE
LOCATIONS
I hope you are enjoying a meaningful
holiday season.
Despite the
many challenges before us, we live in the greatest country in the
world and have much for which to be thankful.
I'm excited and optimistic about the opportunity to
tackle the big issues our country faces as we enter 2015 and reaffirm
my commitment to all Tennesseans that I will continue to wake up every
day working toward that end.
Elizabeth and I wish you and yours a very merry Christmas,
and I look forward to serving you in the Senate in the new
year.
Click
here
or on
the image above to watch the
video.
Committee Assignments for the 114th
Congress
This week, Senate Republican leadership
announced committee assignments for the 114th Congress. Senator Corker
will serve on the following committees beginning in
January:
Senate Committee on Foreign
Relations
Senate Banking Committee
Senate Committee on the
Budget
Senate Special Committee on Aging
As I
traveled across the Volunteer State in the days following the November
election, Tennesseans made clear that they are ready for the Senate to
govern responsibly and finally focus on growing our economy,
repairing our fiscal house and strengthening our nations role in the world,
said Corker. Serving on the foreign relations, banking, budget and
aging committees will allow me the unique opportunity to focus on the
issues that matter most to Tennesseans and our country, and I am eager
to get to work.
Corker
continued: Some of Americas greatest achievements and longest-lasting
solutions have occurred when one party controls Congress and another
the White House. It will take hard work, but if the president rolls up
his sleeves and provides leadership and if the Congress acts
responsibly, I truly believe we can begin to solve the big issues before us so
that my generation can leave behind a stronger nation than the one we
inherited.
Committee
assignments are subject to approval of the Republican Conference as well as
the full Senate. Chairmen will be selected in January by a vote of
the members of each respective committee and then approved by the
Republican Conference.
Spending Bill Continues a Regrettable
Precedent
On Saturday, Senator Corker voted against H.R.83, the continuing
resolution, a spending bill to fund the government.
I could not support this spending bill because it
continues the regrettable precedent of spending above the budget
levels established by the original Budget Control Act without proper
offsets elsewhere in the budget, said Corker. Next year, controlling both
chambers of Congress, Republicans will have the opportunity to govern
responsibly by passing individual appropriations bills with more
oversight of how taxpayer dollars are being used.
Governor
Haslams Insure Tennessee Plan
Senator Corker released the following statement
on Governor Bill Haslams announcement of Insure Tennessee, which the
governor calls an alternative approach to the expansion of Medicaid
under Obamacare. The plan is a two-year pilot program to provide
health care coverage to Tennesseans who currently dont have access to
health insurance or have limited options."
I have had several conversations with Governor Haslam
and appreciate the work he and his team have done to study this issue
closely and negotiate a tailored solution that works for Tennessee,
said Corker. I'm glad the administration has finally allowed
appropriate flexibility, and I'm pleased our state was able to adopt a solution
that will build off of the innovative ways we deliver quality health
care.
Click
here
for more information on Insure
Tennessee.
Water for the World Act Heads to President Obama for
Signature
This week, Senator Corker announced Senate passage of The Paul Simon
Water for the World Act of 2014, bipartisan legislation to significantly
improve access to clean water and sanitation around the world without
spending new money or creating new bureaucracy. The bill, which was
unanimously approved by the Senate late Monday, is sponsored by Corker
and U.S. Senator Dick Durbin (D-Ill.), and cosponsored by Senators
Chris Coons (D-Del.) and Jeff Flake (R-Ariz.). The legislation now will
be sent to President Obama to be signed into
law.
"I'm pleased lawmakers from both chambers agree
that investing in water can make the most of existing foreign aid
resources. These programs bring life-saving water and sanitation to
vulnerable people around the globe, helping to support improved health and
stability in these communities, said Corker.
Click
here
for more information on the Water for the World Act.
Corker: FHFA Decision to Fill Housing Trust Funds without First Protecting
Taxpayers is "Irresponsible"
Last week, the Federal Housing Finance Agency
(FHFA) directed Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac to begin making contributions to
the Housing Trust Fund and the Capital Magnet Fund, affordable
housing funds established in 2008. The FHFA previously suspended payments to
the funds due to the financial instability of the
government-sponsored enterprises (GSEs).
It
is beyond irresponsible to restart these affordable housing
allocations without first dealing with the underlying problems at Fannie Mae and
Freddie Mac, said Corker. These two entities would not be
generating one penny of revenue without taxpayer backing, and until the
American taxpayers are taken off the hook for a future bailout, FHFA should
continue to suspend payments to these funds.
During the 2008 financial crisis, Fannie Mae and
Freddie Mac were taken into government conservatorship and given a $188
billion capital injection from taxpayers to stay afloat. As a result,
the private market almost completely disappeared, and nearly every
loan made in America today comes with a full government guarantee.
Despite this unsustainable situation, there still has been no real reform to
our housing finance system.
A
recent FHFA stress test
projected that Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac could require a $190 billion
taxpayer bailout to keep them afloat during a future
crisis.
Tennesseans Visit Washington
On the 376th anniversary of the National Guard
last week, Major Generals Max Haston and Gus Hargett presented Senator
Corker with a replica of a C-17 aircraft, which is flown in
Memphis.
Home
|
Privacy Policy
|
Unsubscribe
