Copyright (c) 1996-2015 Constant Contact. All rights reserved.
Except as permitted under a separate
written agreement with Constant Contact, neither the Constant Contact software, nor any content that appears on any Constant Contact site,
including but not limited to, web pages, newsletters, or templates may be reproduced, republished, repurposed, or distributed without the
prior written permission of Constant Contact.
For inquiries regarding reproduction or distribution of any Constant Contact material, please
contact legal@constantcontact.com.
Mike Kelly's Weekly E-Newsletter
January 17, 2015
Follow me on Twitter!
Visit my YouTube page!
Click here to subscribe to my weekly
E-newsletter
My Offices
ERIE DISTRICT OFFICE 208 E. Bayfront Parkway Suite 102 Erie, PA 16507 Phone: (814) 454-8190 Fax: (814) 454-8197
BUTLER DISTRICT OFFICE
101 East Diamond St Suite 218 Butler, PA
16001 Phone: (724) 282-2557
Fax: (724) 282-3682
SHARON DISTRICT OFFICE
33 Chestnut Street Sharon, PA
16146 Phone: (724) 342-7170 Fax: (724) 342-7242
WASHINGTON, DC OFFICE
1519 Longworth HOB Washington, DC 20515 Phone: (202) 225-5406 Fax: (202) 225-3103
CRAWFORD COUNTY OFFICE Every Wednesday 9:00 a.m. - 4:00 p.m. 908 Diamond Park Meadville, PA 16335
ARMSTRONG COUNTY OFFICE
Every Thursday 9:00 a.m. - 4:00 p.m. 300 South McKean Street Kittanning, PA 16201
LAWRENCE COUNTY
Every Friday 9:00 a.m. - 4: 00 p.m. Lawrence County Courthouse 430 Court Street New Castle, PA
16101
Dear Friend,
This past week I was very proud to vote for legislation to fund the Department of Homeland Security for fiscal year 2015. I was even prouder to vote for amendments by several of my colleagues -- Reps. Anderholt, Barletta, Mulvaney, and Blackburn -- to deny any funding for President Obama's illegal immigration amnesty and to defund the badly abused DACA policy for present and future (and previously denied) applicants.
Read more about these critical amendments
here
and
here .
The rule of law must be defended, always. The president's breach of power must not be tolerated. This week 's legislative action will ensure that our nation is safe and our system of government is protected.
Sincerely,
Special Message from Rep. Kelly
Yesterday was national Religious Freedom Day, a day for all Americans of every faith to celebrate the indispensable human right that defines our great nation.
Even in 2015, there exist very real threats to religious liberty here at home and throughout the world. I join many others in praying that, with God's grace, the United States will stay committed to upholding the sacred freedoms enshrined in our First
Amendment, including the freedom of conscience, no matter the challenge, for today and for generations yet to be born.
Rep. Kelly Praises
Unanimous House Passage
of Bill to Protect Firefighters from Obamacare
Kelly-sponsored legislation will exempt volunteer firefighters & rescue personnel from Obamacare's employer mandate
WATCH HERE
Rep.
Kelly issued the following statement on Tuesday regarding the passage of H.R. 33,
the Protecting Volunteer Firefighters and Emergency Responders Act , in the House of Representatives. The bill was passed by a unanimous vote of 401-0 following a speech on the House floor by Rep. Kelly, who is a co-sponsor of the legislation, which was originally introduced by Rep. Lou Barletta (R-PA).
Rep. Kelly on the passage of H.R. 33:
" I am thrilled to see the House once again pass this crucial piece of legislation with unanimous support. Today, there are more than 17,000 all-volunteer fire companies in America. In Pennsylvania alone, 97 percent of our fire companies depend entirely or mostly on volunteers. Thanks to Benjamin Franklin, who organized the nation's first volunteer fire company in Philadelphia in 1736, volunteer firefighters continue to heroically respond to fire and other emergencies in the Keystone state and throughout our country. The spirit of Pennsylvania - and indeed, the spirit America - inspires this commonsense solution to one of Obamacare's most unfortunate consequences. It's about protecting those who protect us, and it's another sign that this Congress is truly America's Congress."
Highlights from Rep. Kelly's floor speech:
"People always say, 'You know, I wish you guys could get along and just get something done.' This is something that we overwhelmingly believe in and we're going to get done."
"In the little town that I grew up in and live in -- Butler, Pennsylvania -- so many people volunteer their time to do the volunteer firefighting. They're also the EMS. They're the first responders. ... Last spring, one of our people
by the name of Ryan Sekerski , on his way home from work-he's a volunteer fireman-he ably heard over his scanner that a fuel truck had overturned. This driver was trapped inside that truck. [Mr. Sekerski] then went to the scene of the accident, got his equipment that was in the trunk of his car and got out and saved that driver's life. These are the people that we are talking about."
"And when you come to the People's House - America's House, America's Congress - we look at things that we can do together, things that just make sense. And while we may disagree in some other aspects of what it is that we try to get done, on this we are solid. This just makes sense for America. This makes sense for all those who lay their life on the line anytime there's an emergency or a fire. They do it voluntarily. Hundreds and thousands of hours in training go into this. They spend time away from their families; they spend time away from personal time that they could be doing other things to get trained so that they can help other Americans who may need their help. It's absolutely incredible. It's so American. It's something we look at with a great sense of pride."
Rep. Kell y Delivers Address
at 2015 Heritage Action Conservative Policy Summit
Speaks on importance of religious liberty
& the Child Welfare Provider Inclusion Act
WATCH HERE
Rep. Kelly
delivered a live address at the Heritage Foundation in Washington, DC, this past Tuesday about his bill to protect child welfare service providers from unfair government discrimination --
the Child Welfare Provider Inclusion Act .
This commonsense legislation (sponsored by Sen. Mike Enzi of Wyoming in the Senate) ensures that faith-based service providers in America will never be excluded from participating in such services or denied crucial federal support on the basis of their genuine reli gious beliefs. It is 100% inclusive and child-focused.
Statement by Rep. Kelly:
"Faith-based organizations have historically played a downright heroic role in caring for the most vulnerable among us. There is no good reason why any of these care providers should be disqualified from working with their government to serve America's families simply because of their deeply-rooted religious convictions. When it comes to helping our nation's needy children with foster or adoptive care, everyone should have a full seat at the table. That's what our bill guarantees, which is why it's known as the Inclusion Act."
NOTE:
Tuesday's event was part of the
2015 Heritage Action Conservative Policy Summit , and part of a special panel titled,
"Indivisible: Life, Marriage, Religious Liberty, and Prosperity."
Rep. Kelly Votes for Bipartisan Bills to Reduce Regulations
& Grow the Economy
Rep. Kelly issued the following statement on Wednesday regarding his support for two pro-growth pieces of legislation which were passed by the House of Representatives this week with bipartisan support. The first,
the Regulatory Accountability Act of 2015
(H.R. 185), was passed on Tuesday by 250-175. The second,
the Promoting Job Creation and Reducing Small Business Burdens Act
(H.R. 37), was passed on Wednesday by 271-154.
"The American people's top priorities are this Congress's top priorities, and at the top of the list is economic growth and new job creation. This week we took bipartisan action to get Washington out of the way of small businesses that are ready to go grow and put more Americans back to work. As a small business owner myself, I know full well how burdensome federal red tape can be and what it costs to both employers and employees alike. After all, it's not Washington that creates jobs-it's small businesses, like the ones we're lucky to have throughout Western Pennsylvania, and right now so many of them are being affected by regulations that are meant for Wall Street but are hurting Main Street. By cutting costly and useless red tape, we're putting more businesses on the path to success and more money back in Americans' pockets."
NOTE:
On July 26, 2012, Rep. Kelly delivered a powerful speech on the floor of the House of Representatives condemning abusive regulations by the federal government that earned a rare standing ovation and nearly one million views on YouTube.
The speech can be viewed here.
Forward this email This email was sent to dj724530@gmail.com by
thomas.qualtere@mail.house.gov
|
Update Profile/Email Address
|
Rapid removal with
SafeUnsubscribe &trade;
|
Privacy Policy . The Office of Representative Mike Kelly
|
1519 Longworth House Office Building
|
Washington
|
DC
|
20515
