
RAND'S NEWSLETTER UPDATE
JANUARY 9, 2015
Please allow me to update you on this week's happenings in Washington, D.C.
Dr. Paul Introduces Defend Israel by Defunding Palestinian Foreign Aid Act of 2015
On Wednesday, I introduced the Defend Israel by Defunding Palestinian Foreign Aid Act of 2015. This legislation will call for the immediate halt of U.S. aid to the Palestinian Authority until it withdraws its request to join the International Criminal Court (ICC).
Under the current U.S. law, America is prohibited from assisting the Palestinian Authority if it seeks ICC claims against Israel. Thus far, the Obama administration has not committed to taking any actions and appears disinclined to cut off aid.
It is up to the new Republican-led Congress to move on its own so that the President does not once again circumvent clear funding restrictions. We are currently sending roughly $400 million of U.S. taxpayer dollars to the Palestinian Authority. Certainly groups that threaten Israel cannot be allies of the U.S. I will continue to do everything in my power to make sure this President and this Congress stop treating Israel's enemies as American allies.
Click
HERE
to read my statement in its entirety.
Dr. Paul Urges General Assembly to Pass Amendment to Restore Voting Rights in Kentucky
Also on Wednesday, I urged the Kentucky General Assembly to pass a Constitutional Amendment to restore the right to vote for many nonviolent ex-offenders in the Commonwealth who have completed their sentences.
The right to vote is among the most important rights that we have. No one should lose this right for life because they spent time in jail for a nonviolent crime. Restoring voting rights for those who have repaid their debt to society is simply the right thing to do. I urge the Kentucky General Assembly to continue moving this issue forward and place an amendment on the ballot.
Over the past several years, the Kentucky House of Representatives has repeatedly approved measures restoring the right to vote for many Kentuckians. In 2014, the Kentucky House passed House Bill 70, a proposed constitutional amendment dealing with the restoration of voting rights, by a vote of 82-12. The Kentucky Senate advanced the issue for the first time in 2014, passing a different version of HB 70 by a 34-4 margin.
I have also introduced legislation in the U.S. Senate that would restore voting rights in federal elections for ex-offenders who have completed their sentences.
Click
HERE
to read my entire statement.
Dr. Paul and Sens. Wyden and Merkley Introduce Bipartisan Bill to Roll Back Hemp Restrictions
On Thursday, U.S. Senators Ron Wyden (D-OR), Jeff Merkley (D-OR), and I introduced legislation that would allow American farmers to grow and profit from industrial hemp.
The Industrial Hemp Farming Act of 2015 would remove federal restrictions on the domestic cultivation of industrial hemp. The bill would remove hemp from the Schedule I controlled substance list under the Controlled Substances Act of 1970, and would define it as a non-drug so long as it contained less than 0.3 percent tetrahydrocannabinol (THC).
Oregon and Kentucky are among twenty states that have already defined industrial hemp as distinct from marijuana and removed barriers to production. However, under current federal law, farmers in states that allow industrial hemp research and pilot programs must still seek a waiver from the Drug Enforcement Administration or risk raids and seizures by federal agents.
My vision for the farmers and manufacturers of Kentucky is to see us start growing hemp, creating jobs and leading the nation in this industry again. Allowing farmers throughout our nation to cultivate industrial hemp and benefit from its many uses will boost our economy and bring much-needed jobs to the agriculture industry.
Click
HERE
to read my statement.
Dr. Rand Paul Joins Push for School Choice
On Thursday, I joined Senator Tim Scott's (R-SC) push for School Choice in America's education system. Senator Scott, a leading advocate for school choice in the United States Senate, filed a resolution on Wednesday supporting National School Choice Week. Senator Scott, a member of the Senate Education Committee, will also introduce his Creating Hope and Opportunity for Individuals and Communities through Education (CHOICE) Act later this month and host a significant event supporting school choice in early February.
Senators Lamar Alexander (R-TN), John Boozman (R-AR), John Cornyn (R-TX), Mike Crapo (R-ID), Ted Cruz (R-TX), Michael Enzi (R-WY), Dianne Feinstein (D-CA), Marco Rubio (R-FL), David Vitter (R-LA), and I have all signed on as original cosponsors of the resolution.
Click
HERE
to read the statement in its entirety.
Media Wrap-Up
This week, I appeared on Fox's
On the Record with Greta Van Susteren
and CNN's
OutFront with Erin Burnett . I spoke with several radio stations across the country, as well as stations in Kentucky including Tony Cruise from WHAS, Greg Dunker from WKYX, Brian Thomas from 55KRC, and Lee Cruse from WLVK.
Have An Issue Or Concern?
If you are a Kentucky resident and need assistance with a federal agency or concern, feel free to contact the Bowling Green office (270-782-8303) to have a discussion with the appropriate staff member.
Stay in Touch with Sen. Paul's Social Media
You can find updates on what I'm doing by visiting my Senate website,
www.paul.senate.gov
and you can follow my official Google+ account
HERE . You can also subscribe to my YouTube channel
HERE . Don't forget to become a fan of my
official Facebook page
and my
official Instagram page
for other timely updates.
Warm Regards,
To unsubscribe from Rand's newsletter, please visit the
unsubscribe page
