DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.0 Transitional//EN" "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml1/DTD/xhtml1-transitional.dtd"
If you are having trouble reading this email,
please view the web version .
Year in Review
The year 2014 may not go down in history as productive for Congress at large, but that didnt keep me from working hard to forge legislative victories. They werent big wins, nothing particularly earth-shattering, but in a starkly divided government I feel good about what we were able to accomplish.
The previous year, 2013, saw a government shutdown and the failure of the Obamacare website in its last months. Out of the shutdown we got a fragile truce on spending issues with the Ryan-Murray budget. With a major spending fight off the table and an election looming, Democratic leaders in the Senate did not seem very interested in putting House-passed bills up to votes.
Despite this playing field, the Health Subcommittee that I chair saw some two dozen bills signed into law this year. Among these bills were a few that I personally sponsored. The first to be signed was the Protecting Access to Medicare Act, a bill to delay cuts to payments for doctors working under Medicare. Ill have more to say about this subject later.
Just a few weeks later, the President signed the Childrens Hospital Graduate Medical Education bill. This legislation renewed a critical program that helps train many of our nations pediatricians. Then late in the year, the House and Senate passed the Anabolic Steroid Control Act. This bill gives the Drug Enforcement Agency tools to prevent dangerous steroids from being sold as all-natural supplements.
Some bills I worked on didnt receive serious consideration in the Democrat Senate, but could make progress next year under Republicans. Early this year, the House passed my bill to protect health care data submitted to Obamacare exchanges, the Health Exchange Security and Transparency Act. The bill would require the Department of Health and Human Services to notify individuals of any breach on the health care law exchanges (both state and federal) that endangers personal data and information within 2 business days.
It passed with a veto-proof majority in the House, but was never taken up in the Harry Reid-controlled Senate. With the recent major hacking of Sony Studios, it is clear that data is vulnerable. There continue to be real questions about the security of information millions of Americans have provided to Obamacare servers.
Up above, I mentioned my bill to delay cuts to doctors. For a decade now, Congress has been passing bills that temporarily delay reduced reimbursement rates for Medicare doctors, under a formula called the Sustainable Growth Rate or SGR. Since becoming Chairman of the Health Subcommittee, Ive made it my goal to get a permanent reform that stops us from kicking the can down the road.
After lots of work and negotiation, we achieved a bipartisan agreement on the policy to replace the ill-conceived SGR. Unfortunately, we couldnt reach an agreement on how to pay for the replacement. We passed a bill out of the House, but it went nowhere. My temporary replacement expires in the spring of next year and the new Republican Congress will have to work together to try and pass the permanent bill.
This year the Health Subcommittee also worked to lay the ground for wide-ranging legislation to help bring cures to patients faster. The 21 st
Century Cures initiative began earlier this year with a series of roundtable meetings and hearings to gather information. I hosted one roundtable meeting in Lancaster with Pennsylvania doctors and researchers.
Right now, we are drafting legislation to be introduced next year. This has been a bipartisan process and we are hopeful that we can send something to the Presidents desk that he will sign.
While I cant take responsibility for the result, one of the biggest health care stories locally was the fight by Conestoga Wood Specialties against Obamacare policies that infringed on their rights of religious conscience. I supported their case and was pleased to be in the Supreme Court for the oral argument. That the Obama administration was trying to use the law to harm religious freedom is just another reason why I continue to work for its repeal and replacement.
Frankly, I hope for much more substantive successes next year. Weve set the stage for some big things. Heres hoping that looking back on 2015 there will be much to celebrate.
Congressman Joe Pitts
Tell Joe Your Opinion
Issues
The 16th District
Ask Joe For Help
The Government
Legislation
Press
About Joe Pitts
Photo Gallery
Please feel free to
forward this email to your friends and family .
Washington, D.C. Office
420 Cannon House Office Building
Washington, DC 20515
(1st Street and Independence Avenue)
202-225-2411
202-225-2013 (fax)
Chester County Office
Post Office Box 837
Unionville, PA 19375
(Routes 82 and 926)
610-444-4581
610-444-5750 (fax)
Lancaster Office
150 North Queen Street
Suite 716 (7th floor)
Lancaster, PA 17603
717-393-0667
717-393-0924 (fax)
Click Here Click Here