
If you are having trouble
viewing this message or would like to share it on a social network, you
can
view the message
online .
Home
|
About
|
How Can I Help?
|
Media
|
Issues
|
The 6th
District
Update on the Aurora
Veterans Hospital Construction
Project
Dear Friends:
Unquestionably, the ongoing problems at the Veterans
Administration (VA) hospital construction project in Aurora remains my
greatest concern. It is hundreds of millions of dollars over budget
and years behind schedule due to a level of mismanagement that is
unprecedented even for the VA.
Fortunately,
the Army Corps of
Engineers, construction professionals who have built similar projects
for the Department of Defense on schedule and within budget, will step
in to take over the project.
As I discussed in my last update, the good news is that
the VA and the contractor, Kiewit-Turner (K-T) have reached a
temporary agreement under which construction has resumedfor now but there
are still a number of significant hurdles to clear before the hospital
construction project can be completed.
Here is the problem: The
congressional authorization for the hospital capped its cost at $800 million and
legally the VA cannot exceed this cap by more than 10% ($880 million).
The final price tag, however, could exceed a billion
dollars.
To address this
problem, I am writing legislation that will be introduced in two weeks that
will: First, strip the VA completely of its construction authority so
it can never do this to the veterans and taxpayers of this country
again and to transfer that responsibility over to the Army Corps of
Engineers.
Secondly, it will raise the spending cap for the hospital
to $1 billion.
We simply cant leave a half finished hospital
abandoned because the startup cost, after mothballing the construction
site, would be even worse.
This will allow the VA to pay for the
cost overruns despite the fact that the Army Corps of Engineers will
do everything it can to bring the out-of-control cost under
control.
I will work
with the VA and my congressional colleagues to find a way to cover the
cost overruns. One possibility is for the VA to search through its own
budget for unexpended appropriations in what is known as
"reprogramming." The VA has roughly $2 billion in its Major Construction Account
for large projects that have yet to break ground.
No doubt, this
would lead to a slowdown of the start of other VA major construction
projects across the country.
The other possibility, unfortunately, is getting more
money approved by Congress. I will seek additional funds, if necessary,
and fight for their approval before the project is forced to shut down
from a lack of funding. Again, my case to Congress will be that we
can't erase the costly mistakes of the VA, but the Army Corps
construction managers will do everything possible to ensure no additional cost
increases occur.
The VA's incompetence has done serious damage to this hospital
construction project. It has harmed our veterans, who have waited for
over a decade for this state-of-the-art facility and, it has harmed the
taxpayers of this nation who must now come up with hundreds of millions
of dollars to fix the VA's gross mismanagement.
Sincerely,
Mike
Coffman
U.S. Representative
If you would like to sign up to receive
regular email updates from Mike, please visit
this
link
$ 18,054,209,837,915
Share on Facebook
Share on
Twitter
VA faces new congressional crackdown
By Media Sources
BayouBuzz.com
Published December 31,
2014
A congressional
battle is brewing over the Department of Veterans Affairs admitted
mismanagement of construction projects across the country
including an
over-budget, billion-dollar hospital in Colorado that was, briefly,
abandoned by the contractor.
"VA construction managers couldn't lead starving troops to a
chow hall," Colorado
Rep. Mike Coffman
said in a
recent statement.
Coffman, an Army and Marine Corps
combat veteran, plans to introduce legislation stripping the VA of its
authority to manage construction projects, and putting the Army Corps
of Engineers in charge instead.
The Republican
congressman's district includes the location of the troubled VA hospital
project in Aurora, Colo.- the latest black eye for the agency
following the scandal over secret waiting lists.
The VA's
original design in 2005 was estimated to cost $328 million. By 2008,
design changes led Congress to authorize $568 million for the project.
Coffman,
group partner up on drunken driving
CraigDailyPress
Published
December 28, 2014
The holiday season is
always a festive time of gatherings, celebrations and parties. That makes
it the right time to remind people to drink responsibly and to not
drive drunk. To help send that message, the Beer Institute is partnering
with U.S. Rep.
Mike Coffman , R-Colo., to record and
distribute public service announcements asking consumers to share the
industrys commitment to responsibility.
To date, more than 30 members of Congress have agreed to participate
in the Beer Institutes nationwide holiday PSA program. Working with
these elected officials, the Beer Institute hopes to send a powerful
message: Get a designated driver. Find a safe ride home. Drink
responsibly.
We want to remind the public
that drunk driving is never acceptable, said Jim McGreevy, Beer
Institute president and CEO. The nearly 60,000 men and women in Colorado who
work for our countrys brewers, beer importers and industry suppliers
are committed to this issue. We are parents and neighbors ourselves
and want the roadways safe in our communities. Its an honor to work
with Rep. Coffman to help his constituents.
According to the U.S. Department of Transportation,
drunken-driving fatalities have decreased 52 percent since 1982. Brewers and beer
importers are committed to ending this preventable issue and investing
in a host of community-level programs to promote safe rides home,
designated drivers and responsible
drinking.
IRS phone scams still on the
rise
From: IRS
Congressional Update
December 2014
Issue
IRS offices have been
contacted by taxpayers who received calls from scammers impersonating IRS
employees and demanding payment. Scammers may mention an amount close
to what the taxpayer owes, possibly obtained from public records such
as federal tax liens.
The scammers may:
Call you about taxes you owe without first mailing you an official
notice.
Demand that you
pay taxes without giving you the opportunity to question or appeal the
amount they say you owe.
Require you to use a specific payment method for your taxes, such
as a prepaid debit card.
Ask for credit or debit card numbers over the
phone.
Threaten to bring in local police
or other law-enforcement groups to have you arrested for not
paying.
These callers may
demand money or may say you have a refund due and try to trick you into
sharing private information. These scammers can sound convincing and
appear to know a lot about you. They usually alter the caller ID to make
it look like the IRS is calling. The scammers use fake names and bogus
IRS identification badge numbers. If you dont answer, they often
leave an urgent callback request.
1. If you get a phone call from someone claiming to be from
the IRS and asking for money:
2. If you know you owe taxes or think you might owe, call the
IRS at 1.800.829.1040. The IRS can help you with a payment
issue.
3. If you know you dont
owe taxes or have no reason to believe that you do, report the incident
to the Treasury Inspector General for Tax Administration at
1.800.366.4484 or at
http://www.tigta.gov .
You can file a complaint using the
FTCcomplaintAssistant
choose Other and then Imposter
Scams. If the complaint involves someone impersonating the IRS,
include the words IRS Telephone Scam in the
notes.
Remember, the IRS does not use unsolicited
email, text messages or any social media to discuss your personal tax
issue. For more information on reporting tax scams, go to
www.irs.gov
and type scam in the search
box.
Scam phone calls
continue; IRS unveils new video to warn taxpayers :
IRS Scams
Washington Office
2443 Rayburn HOB
Washington, D.C. 20515
Phone:
(202) 225-7882
Fax: (202)
226-4623
District Office
Cherry
Creek Place IV
3300 S. Parker
Road, Suite #305
Aurora, CO
80014
Phone: (720)
748-7514
Fax: (720) 748-7680
Unsubscribe
|
Update My Profile
|
Privacy Policy
