
January 30, 2015
IN THIS ISSUE:
President Obama Drops Proposed Tax on College Savings Plans After
Pushback from Lawmakers Including Senator Collins' Letter, Floor Speech
Retirement Security: A Path Forward
Senator Collins Meets with Secretary of Defense Nominee Dr. Ash Carter
U.S. Senate Passes Keystone XL Pipeline with Collins' Amendment to Make
Schools More Energy Efficient
Senator Collins Named to Six Senate Appropriations Subcommittees,
Transportation & Housing Subcommittee Chair
Digging Out!
WEEKLY COLUMN
"Saving for Higher Education"
By: Senator Susan Collins
In President Obama's recent State of the Union Address, he outlined an
agenda focused on what he called middle class economics, which he
described as providing Americans with the ''tools they needed to go as
far as their effort and their dreams will take them.'' Our country
thrives when hard-working Americans prosper. The President was right to
praise policies, such as the GI bill and Social Security, that have
helped us to do just that.
That is why I was perplexed at the President's proposal to tax the
earnings of what are known as 529 college savings plan accounts. This
proposed new tax would greatly diminish the benefits of a law that is
helping millions of parents plan for their children's futures. And that
is why I spoke on the Senate floor in opposition to the President's
proposal that undermines the very values we should be promoting -
families making sacrifices today in order to better provide for their
children's education tomorrow.
The President's plan would also lead to more student loan debt for many
young people at a time when concern over the level of debt is rising.
The President also proposed eliminating the tax deduction on interest
on student loan payments.
One of the first questions new parents ask themselves is how will they
be able to pay for their children's education. For the past 14 years,
the 529 accounts have been an important part of the answer. They have
allowed parents to save for their children's education in
tax-advantaged accounts. Regular, affordable contributions made with
after-tax dollars from their paychecks grow over time. When college
years start, those savings and the earnings from their investments can
be withdrawn tax free for educational expenses.
To read the rest of Senator Collins' weekly column, click here
.
President Obama Abandons Proposed Tax on College Savings Plans After
Pushback from Lawmakers
Shortly after Senator Susan Collins sent a letter to the Senate Finance
Committee and spoke from the Senate floor about the harmful changes
proposed to the 529 College Savings Plan, it was reported that the
Obama Administration will drop a proposal to tax the earnings of the
popular college savings plan.
In a statement, Senator Collins said, "This is welcome news for the
countless hardworking parents who make sacrifices to save and provide
for their children's futures. The President's proposal to tax the
earnings of 529 College Savings Plan accounts never made sense. It
would have led to more student loan debt and undermined the very values
that we should be promoting - families making sacrifices in order to
better provide for their children tomorrow."
Click here
or the play button above to
watch the speech.
The full text of the letter Senator Collins sent to leaders of the
Senate Finance Committee and her full statement can be seen here
.
Retirement Security: A Path Forward
Senator Collins introduced bipartisan legislation this week that would
encourage more small employers to offer retirement plans, provide
incentives for employees to save more for retirement, and ensure that
low and middle-income working families are able to claim benefits for
retirement savings already authorized by law. The bill is cosponsored
by Senator Bill Nelson (D-FL).
Nationally, one in four retired Americans has no source of income
beyond Social Security; in Maine, that number is one in three. In
addition, a Gallup survey published in 2012 found that more than half
of all Americans are worried that they will not be able to maintain
their standard of living in retirement. Ensuring that more Americans
are better prepared financially for their retirement is a top priority
for Senator Susan Collins, Chairman of the Senate Special Committee on
Aging.
Click here
or the play button above to
watch the speech.
To read Senator Collins' full statement, click here
.
Senator Collins Meets with Secretary of Defense Nominee Dr. Ash Carter
U.S. Senator Susan Collins met with Secretary of Defense Nominee Dr.
Ash Carter. The meeting follows Dr. Carter's nomination in December to
replace the current Secretary of Defense, Chuck Hagel.
After their meeting, Senator Collins released the following statement:
"Dr. Carter and I had a productive meeting this afternoon where we
discussed many important issues facing our nation that the next
Secretary of Defense will need to address. While I will withhold final
judgment until after his Senate Armed Services nomination hearing, I
have known Dr. Carter for several years and think very highly of him."
The rest of Senator Collins' statement is available here
.
U.S. Senate Passes Keystone XL Pipeline with Collins' Amendment to Make
Schools More Energy Efficient
This week, the U.S. Senate approved the job-creating Keystone XL
Pipeline with strong bipartisan support.
The amendment, which was approved unanimously by voice vote
, would coordinate information about
existing federal programs and financial assistance that is available
for schools to develop and finance energy efficiency, renewable energy,
and energy retrofitting projects. Rather than create any new federal
programs, this amendment would simply appoint the Department of Energy
as the leader to streamline communication and promote the existing
programs.
Click here
or the play button above to
watch the speech.
To read Senator Collins' full statement on passage of the bill, click
here
.
Senator Collins Named to Six Senate Appropriations Subcommittees,
Transportation & Housing Subcommittee Chair
The Senate Appropriations Committee has officially announced
subcommittee memberships for the 114th Congress. Senator Collins will
serve as Chairman of the Transportation, Housing and Urban Development
Appropriations Subcommittee in addition to serving on five other
subcommittees: Defense; Military Construction and Veterans Affairs;
Agriculture; Energy and Water; and Commerce, Justice and Science
Appropriations Subcommittees.
Digging Out!
Outside Senator Collins' Biddeford Constituent Service Center
Best wishes to the many Mainers who were hit by the storm that swept
through the state this week. Winter can be tough, but we know how to
handle it!
OFFICE OF SENATOR SUSAN COLLINS
413 Dirksen Senate Office Building
Washington, D.C. 20510
Phone: (202) 224-2523
Fax: (202) 224-2693
To UNSUBSCRIBE, please click here
DEFAULT TABLE ATTRIBUTES ARE:
DEFAULT TD STYLE IS:
DEFAULT LEFT SIDEBAR IS:
DEFAULT RIGHT COLUMN IS:
Can't
see the images? Make sure your e-mail is set to download pictures in order to see the full content
of this e-newsletter.
January
30, 2015
IN
THIS ISSUE:
President
Obama Drops Proposed Tax on College Savings Plans After Pushback from Lawmakers Including Senator Collins'
Letter, Floor Speech
Reti rement
Security: A Path Forward
Senator Collins Meets with Secretary of Defense Nominee Dr. Ash Carter
U.S.
Senate Passes Keystone XL Pipeline with Collins&#8217; Amendment to Make Schools More Energy Efficient
Senator Collins Named to Six Senate Appropriations Subcommittees, Transportation
&amp; Housing Subcommittee Chair
Digging Out!
WEEKLY COLUMN
"Saving for Higher Education"
By: Senator Susan Collins
In President Obama&#8217;s recent State of the Union Address, he outlined an agenda
focused on what he called middle class economics, which he described as providing Americans with the
&#8216;&#8216;tools they needed to go as far as their effort and their dreams will take them.&#8217;&#8217;
Our country thrives when hard-working Americans prosper. The President was right to praise policies,
such as the GI bill and Social Security, that have helped us to do just that.
That is why I was perplexed at the President&#8217;s proposal to tax the earnings of what are
known as 529 college savings plan accounts. This proposed new tax would greatly diminish the benefits
of a law that is helping millions of parents plan for their children&#8217;s futures. And that is why
I spoke on the Senate floor in opposition to the President&#8217;s proposal that undermines the very
values we should be promoting &#8212; families making sacrifices today in order to better provide for
their children&#8217;s education tomorrow.
The President&#8217;s plan would also lead to more student loan debt for many young people at
a time when concern over the level of debt is rising. The President also proposed eliminating the tax
deduction on interest on student loan payments.
One of the first questions new parents ask themselves is how will they be able to pay for their
children&#8217;s education. For the past 14 years, the 529 accounts have been an important part of the
answer. They have allowed parents to save for their children&#8217;s education in tax-advantaged accounts.
Regular, affordable contributions made with after-tax dollars from their paychecks grow over time. When
college years start, those savings and the earnings from their investments can be withdrawn tax free
for educational expenses.
To read the rest of Senator Collins' weekly column, click
here .
President Obama Abandons Proposed Tax
on College Savings Plans After Pushback from Lawmakers
Shortly after
Senator Susan Collins sent a letter to the Senate Finance Committee and spoke from the Senate floor about
the harmful changes proposed to the 529 College Savings Plan, it was reported that the Obama Administration
will drop a proposal to tax the earnings of the popular college savings plan.
In a statement, Senator Collins said, &#8220;This is welcome news for the countless hardworking
parents who make sacrifices to save and provide for their children&#8217;s futures. The President&#8217;s
proposal to tax the earnings of 529 College Savings Plan accounts never made sense. It would have led
to more student loan debt and undermined the very values that we should be promoting &#8211; families
making sacrifices in order to better provide for their children tomorrow.&#8221;
Click
here
or the play button above to watch the speech.
The full text of the letter Senator Collins sent to leaders of the Senate Finance Committee and
her full statement can be seen
here .
Retirement
Security: A Path Forward
Senator
Collins introduced bipartisan legislation this week that would encourage more small employers to
offer retirement plans, provide incentives for employees to save more for retirement, and ensure that
low and middle-income working families are able to claim benefits for retirement savings already authorized
by law. The bill is cosponsored by Senator Bill Nelson (D-FL).
Nationally,
one in four retired Americans has no source of income beyond Social Security; in Maine, that number is
one in three. In addition, a Gallup survey published in 2012 found that more than half of all Americans
are worried that they will not be able to maintain their standard of living in retirement. Ensuring that
more Americans are better prepared financially for their retirement is a top priority for Senator Susan
Collins, Chairman of the Senate Special Committee on Aging.
Click
here
or the play button
above to watch the speech.
To
read Senator Collins' full statement, click
here .
Senator
Collins Meets with Secretary of Defense Nominee Dr. Ash Carter
U.S. Senator Susan Collins met with Secretary of Defense Nominee Dr. Ash Carter. The meeting follows
Dr. Carter&#8217;s nomination in December to replace the current Secretary of Defense, Chuck Hagel.
After their meeting, Senator Collins released the following statement: &#8220;Dr. Carter and I
had a productive meeting this afternoon where we discussed many important issues facing our nation that
the next Secretary of Defense will need to address. While I will withhold final judgment until after
his Senate Armed Services nomination hearing, I have known Dr. Carter for several years and think very
highly of him."
The
rest of Senator Collins' statement is available
here .
U.S.
Senate Passes Keystone XL Pipeline with Collins&#8217; Amendment to Make Schools More Energy Efficient This
week, the U.S. Senate approved the job-creating Keystone XL Pipeline with strong bipartisan support.
The amendment,
which
was approved unanimously by voice vote , would coordinate information about existing federal programs
and financial assistance that is available for schools to develop and finance energy efficiency, renewable
energy, and energy retrofitting projects. Rather than create any new federal programs, this amendment
would simply appoint the Department of Energy as the leader to streamline communication and promote the
existing programs.
Click
here
or the play button above to watch the speech.
To
read Senator Collins' full statement on passage of the bill, click
here .
Senator
Collins Named to Six Senate Appropriations Subcommittees, Transportation &amp; Housing Subcommittee
Chair
The
Senate Appropriations Committee has officially announced subcommittee memberships for the 114th Congress.
Senator Collins will serve as Chairman of the Transportation, Housing and Urban Development Appropriations
Subcommittee in addition to serving on five other subcommittees: Defense; Military Construction and Veterans
Affairs; Agriculture; Energy and Water; and Commerce, Justice and Science Appropriations Subcommittees.
Digging
Out!
Outside
Senator Collins' Biddeford Constituent Service Center
Best
wishes to the many Mainers who were hit by the storm that swept through the state this week. Winter can
be tough, but we know how to handle it!
OFFICE OF SENATOR SUSAN COLLINS
413
Dirksen Senate Office Building
Washington, D.C. 20510
Phone: (202) 224-2523
Fax: (202) 224-2693
To UNSUBSCRIBE,
please
click here
