
If
you are having trouble viewing this message or would like to share it
on a social network, you can
view the message online .
Home
Biography
News
Issues &amp; Legislation
Constituent Services
The District
Contact
Us
December 19, 2014
In
This Week's Edition of E-News
...
In Penn Hills Double Murder
Case, Family Warned Authorities About Mentally Ill
Brother
New Evidence of Continued VA
Deceit Revealed
South
Park CDC Lab Leads Research on Ebola Protective Equipment
Focus on
Upgrading Deteriorated Road in Forward
Township
In Penn Hills Double Murder Case,
Family Warned Authorities About Mentally Ill
Brother
Two deadly events in
Pennsylvania this week renewed attention on the broken mental health system as
warnings about A loved ones mental illness made by family members were
overlooked.
Reps. Murphy and Bilirakis hear from parents and law
enforcement officers urging mental health
reform.
Former Marine Bradley
Stone, who was 100%-disabled due to post-traumatic stress, killed his
ex-wife and five of her family members in the suburbs outside of
Philadelphia. According to reports, Stone had been evaluated and cleared of
having suicidal or homicidal tendencies by a Department of Veterans
Affairs psychiatrist just days before he committed the crimes. Stones
ex-wife had told neighbors she feared for her life, and that Stone had
told her he was going to kill her. Murphy, along with the House
Veterans Affairs Committee, is reviewing whether this information was known
by the VA prior to the release of Stone.
Sadly, what
happened to this family near Philadelphia was another preventable
tragedy. The mental health system knew Stone was suffering from serious and
persistent mental illness, but for some reason, the VA failed to
intervene and lives have been lost as a result, said
Murphy.
And in Penn Hills, a 47-year old man diagnosed with bipolar disorder
has been arrested for dismembering his mother and step-father in a
gruesome double-murder. The man had several arrests, including for assault
of his sister. Two years ago, the mans mother called police to have
him committed due to his severe mental illness. The man is also
reported to have received treatment at a psychiatric hospital a decade
earlier.
In many cases, families know a loved one is in a
mental health crisis and their condition is deteriorating, but as my
Subcommittee investigation
showed , these families are
excluded from being part of the care delivery team because of a
confusing patchwork of state and federal laws.
As Oversight
and Investigations Subcommittee, Murphy has been conducting a
nationwide review of federal mental health programs and policies. On Sunday,
two years to the day of the tragedy at Newtown, Connecticut, Murphy
appeared on C-SPANs Washington Journal
on the need
to rebuild the broken mental health system.
The
unspeakable loss of 26 innocent lives will always be a painful and somber
memory for our country. While grief remains forever, it must also serve as
our motivation every day to ensure the Newtown families suffering
will not be in vain, said
Rep. Murphy , who also
wrote a Sunday column in
the Guardian
urging reform on the tragic anniversary.
As part of the
investigative research process, Rep. Murphy
joined
Congressman Gus Bilirakis (FL-12) in the Tampa area this week to meet
with community stakeholders to discuss how the Helping Families in
Mental Health Crisis Act delivers treatment to those with the most
serious mental illnesses (Read more in the
Tampa Bay
Times ). For example, the legislation establishes a need for
treatment standard to help those who cannot voluntarily seek medical
care on their own and whose condition will deteriorate as a result of
their psychosis. As illustrated with the former Marine who killed six
this week, most state laws require a person with severe and chronic
mental illness to be imminently homicidal or suicidal before receiving
treatment.
Rep. Murphy has vowed to continue to push for an
extensive overhaul of the mental health programs and policies in the
114 th
Congress, which starts next
month.
To share your thoughts on mental health reform, please
click here .
New Evidence of Continued VA
Deceit Revealed
The
Department of Veterans Affairs (VA) intentionally misled both Congress
and the American public in April when it released data that purported
to account for the number of veterans who either died or were
substantially harmed on account of being subjected to extended waits for
appointments at VA medical facilities, according to a report released
Monday by an independent federal investigator.
While the VA
claimed to have examined and reported on waitlist cases dating back to
1999, the Office of Inspector General (OIG)
found
that the Department grossly overstated the scope of its review and
only examined records dating back to 2007.
In April, the VA
told lawmakers 23 veterans died and 76 others were seriously harmed
due to being forced to wait months and sometimes even years to receive
care from the VA. Disturbingly, Mondays OIG report indicates those
numbers could be significantly higher as approximately 1.7 million cases
were not accounted for, since the VA did include them in its review,
despite saying otherwise.
During the same period of time
when the VA was releasing the misleading and incorrect data,
Pittsburgh VA officials were caught minimizing wait times locally and shielding
from the public important information about the Legionnaires
outbreak. Emails obtained under a Freedom of Information Act revealed seniors
executives at the Pittsburgh VA
directed
hospital staff to withhold information from the media and the
public.
In addition, the Pittsburgh VA deputy director Dave Cord told
Congressman Tim Murphy the VA had no significant wait times for medical
appointments. At the same time, Pittsburgh VA CEO Terry Gerigk Wolf
told Rep. Mike Doyle that nearly 700 area veterans were awaiting
medical appointments, some for as long one year.
Of the
Pittsburgh VA officials, Ms. Wolf has been removed while Cord has been
promoted to Director of the Erie VA Medical Center although his status is
under review.
In response to the Legionnaires Disease and
wait list scandals, Congressman Murphy championed legislation (H.R.
3230) that would make it easier to fire senior VA officials who arent
doing their jobs as well as provide veterans with access to medical
care when they are either subjected to extended appointment wait times or
dont have access to a VA facility. The Murphy-supported legislation
was signed into law by the President in August.
To
share your thoughts on the VA, please
click
here .
South Park CDC Lab
Leads Research on Ebola Protective
Equipment
More than 12 million healthcare workers and
millions of emergency responders, mine workers, and others use
personal protective equipment (PPE), including respirators, protective
garments, and hard hats, to stay safe while performing often
life-threatening tasks.
Local researchers test protective materials used in the fight
against Ebola.
At a 283-acre site with unique facilities and
laboratories near Bruceton in South Park, the CDCs National Institute of
Occupational Safety and Health (NIOSH) is performing cutting-edge
research into technologies that protect workers from hazardous substances in
their workplace. In the wake of this years Ebola outbreak, the
facility has placed a special focus on the PPE used by doctors and nurses
to prevent exposure to the highly contagious virus.
As
part of his ongoing review of the federal response to the Ebola virus
outbreak, Oversight Chairman Tim Murphy visited the South Park lab on
Thursday to see the progress being made by local scientists and workers
on improved design of PPE. Since September, the lab has responded to
over 70 PPE inquiries specifically related to Ebola and has worked to
ensure PPE is effective at stopping the transmission of the Ebola virus
for medical workers who treat patients in the United States and in
Africa. Murphy has been
leading House efforts
to
stop Ebola from entering the United States.
In addition to
perfecting devices used in medical settings, the South Park lab also
includes the Office of Mining Safety and Health Research, which
approves and develops equipment and techniques used to protect mine workers
from coal dust, chemical leaks, fires, and other mine hazards. Murphy,
whose district includes six underground coal mines, toured the Coal
Dust Lab and the PPE Environmental Testing Lab during his Thursday visit
as well.
Rep. Murphy said he was honored to represent
NIOSH employees in Southwestern Pennsylvania.
For decades,
Southwestern Pennsylvania has thrived in industries like mining and
healthcare, but those sectors have not been without risk to workers.
Research performed by NIOSH employees here in our region is essential
for developing the next generation of safety gear that will best protect
firemen, medical professionals, and others who are willing to take on
difficult and dangerous assignments, said Rep.
Murphy.
To share your thoughts on Ebola, please
click
here .
Focus on
Upgrading Deteriorated Road in Forward
Township
Road might be too kind of a word to
describe
Pangburn Hollow
in Forward Township. For
years, residents have been frustrated over the dilapidated condition of
their county-maintained thoroughfare. Gravel, pot holes, and bumpy
patches of asphalt already made it one of the least driver-friendly
stretches of road in southern Allegheny County, but recently, the road has
worsened due to construction of two natural gas pipelines. On
Thursday, Rep. Murphy toured Pangburn Hollow along with Township Supervisor
Tom DeRosa to help facilitate a strategy for repairing the
road.
While residents and township officials have requested help from
Allegheny County to fix the county-owned road, Pangburn is also
traveled by heavy duty trucks servicing nearby well pads and pipeline
projects. Shale gas impact fee dollars, paid by natural gas companies, will
be used to offset the cost of repair. The County has said they are
working on a reconstruction plan and hope to rebuild the road by
2016.
Rep. Murphy told Township officials he will be contacting
Allegheny County to expedite construction.
To share
your thoughts on
infrastructure , please
click
here .
Please Feel Free to Tell a Friend
E-mail:
E-mail:
E-mail:
Washington D.C.
Office
2332 Rayburn HOB
Washington, DC 20515
Phone: (202)
2252301
Fax: (202) 2251844
Mt. Lebanon
Office
504 Washington Road
Pittsburgh, PA 15228
Phone: (412)
3445583
Fax: (412) 4295092
Greensburg
Office
2040 Frederickson Place
Greensburg, PA
15601
Phone: (724) 8507312
Fax: (724) 8507315
Unsubscribe
|
Update My
Profile
|
Privacy Policy
gateway mail end
