 Mail
begin
If you are having trouble viewing this message or would like
to share it on a social network, you can
view the message online .
Home
About Deb
Constituent Services
News Room
Priorities
Contact Deb
January 30, 2015
Dear
Friends,
This week, I convened my first hearing as the Chairman of the
Senate Subcommittee on Surface Transportation and Merchant Marine
Infrastructure, Safety, and Security for the 114th Congress. I was glad to
invite three witnesses from Nebraska-based companies to testify at the
hearing: Jim Mullen of Werner Enterprises, Lance Fritz of Union
Pacific Railroad, and Douglas Means of Cabelas.
The
hearing was an exciting opportunity to discuss the future of our
nations transportation policy. We need bipartisan, commonsense solutions
to address our countrys transportation challenges while ensuring that
our economy continues to thrive. I look forward to continuing these
discussions and working with the private sector to engage in new
policies that will grow our economy and improve safety for commuters in
Nebraska and across the country. Click
here
to
read more about the hearing, courtesy of the
Omaha
World-Herald.
Seated left to right: Jim Mullen, Executive Vice President and
General Counsel, Werner Enterprises in Omaha; Lance Fritz, President and
Chief Operating Officer, Union Pacific Railroad in Omaha; Douglas Means,
Executive Vice President and Chief Supply Chain Officer, Cabelas in
Sidney; Ed Rendell, Co-Chair, Building Americas Future and former
Governor of Pennsylvania.
E-mail Updates
Yes, please periodically send me
e-mail updates.*
*By subscribing
to my
e-mail updates, you are authorizing me to send regular e-mail
updates from my office to your e-mail account.
IN OTHER NEWS
Bringing
Transparency to Unfunded Mandates
Earlier this month, I joined
Senator James Lankford (R-OK) to introduce the Unfunded Mandates
Information and Transparency Act a bill that would reveal the true costs
of burdensome federal regulations that are affecting our states and
localities. Our citizens deserve a full and accurate accounting of their
tax dollars, and federal agencies should be required to justify their
expenditures.Click
here
to watch a video of
my floor speech on the bill.
Commemorating the
100 th
Anniversary of Boys Town
For nearly
100 years, Boys Town has been improving the lives of young people and
families in vulnerable situations. This week, I introduced
legislation that would authorize the secretary of the Treasury to mint $5 gold
coins, $1 silver coins and half-dollar clad coins in honor of Boys
Towns 100th anniversary. Nebraska is proud to be home to this
life-changing nonprofit and Im pleased to renew my support for legislation that
will commemorate this important milestone for Boys
Town.
Enabling Parents to Earn More for Their Childrens
Education
Also this month, I reintroduced the Allocation for
Childrens Education (ACE) Act, a bill that would increase the contribution
limit for Coverdell Education Savings Accounts. Earning a degree is
one of the most important investments our children can make for their
future success. But families in Nebraska and across the country are
finding it increasingly difficult to save. Our children and grandchildren
need the ability to earn a solid foundation for their future, and this
bill will give families greater flexibility to make this a
reality.
IN CASE YOU MISSED IT
SENATOR FISCHER IN
THE NEWS
Fischer says Senate is working
now
Lincoln Journal Star
Sen. Deb Fischer said Thursday that the
Senate is functioning as a legislative body once again now that
Republican leadership has restored a more open amendment process.
Fischer: No Answers For Middle Class In
SOTU
WNAX
Nebraska Senator Deb Fischer says it
was encouraging to hear the President place a priority on providing
more opportunity for middle class families.
Senator Fischer Introduces Taxpayer Accountability
Act
KCSR
Nebraska U.S. Senator Deb Fischer recently
introduced S. 186 - The Taxpayer Accountability Act.
Senator Deb Fischer nominates
52 Nebraskans for military service
academies
Omaha World Herald
Nebraska Sen. Deb Fischer has
nominated 52 Nebraska youths for appointments to the nation's five military
service academies.
Sen. Fischer to lead Armed Services
subcommittee
Omaha World Herald
The Senate Armed Services
Committee announced Thursday that Sen. Deb Fischer, R-Neb., will be
chairwoman of its subcommittee on emerging threats and
capabilities.
Fischer Says Military Concerned About Troop
Reductions In Afghanistan
KNEB
U.S.
Senator Deb Fischer says Congress may need to consider more American
support for the Afghan government after the official end of the U.S. led
NATO combat mission. Troop levels in Afghanistan are to fall to
10,000 in 2015 and half that in 2016.
Fischer named to McConnell leadership team
Beatrice
Daily Sun
Sen. Deb Fischer was named Tuesday to a position on
new Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell's leadership team.
President wants more power in
Washington
Sen. Fischer Op-Ed: Kearney Hub
This week,
Americans looked to Washington as President Obama delivered his State
of the Union address to Congress.
World-Herald editorial: Bellevue, Offutt grow as
one
Omaha World Herald
Offutt Air Force Base and the City of
Bellevue have a symbiotic relationship. Both need the other and they
know it.
Opinion: Higher
education
Star Herald
And the president isnt alone
in seeing the need for making higher education more affordable. U.S.
Sen. Deb Fischer, a Nebraska Republican, recently introduced a bill that
would increase the annual contribution limit for Coverdell education
savings accounts from $2,000 to $5,000 per beneficiary, enabling
parents to earn more money for their childrens education.
PHOTOS OF THE MONTH
Visiting with
the families and staff at Boys Town in Omaha on January 9. I am so proud
of the important work being done at this non-profit, and I want to
thank everyone I met with for sharing their touching stories with
me.
Enjoyed welcoming outstanding students from the Potter-Dix
Public Schools to our nations capital this week. The students were in
Washington as part of the Close Up program, which allows students
from across the country to experience our government in action.
I was very glad to meet with Kay Duncan, who is a school nurse
for Lincoln Public Schools. Ms. Duncan was in Washington to attend a
National Association of School Nurses board meeting.
Many Nebraskans this week attended
our first Nebraska Breakfast of the year, including representatives
from the Midland Mentoring Partnership.
The Nebraska Breakfast is
the longest-running state gathering of elected officials and
constituents on Capitol Hill. If youre planning a visit to Washington and would
like to make a reservation to attend the Nebraska Breakfast, please
contact my office
here .
Washington D.C. Office
383 Russell Senate Office
Building
Washington, DC 20510
Phone: (202) 2246551
Fax:
(202) 2281325
Lincoln Office
440
North 8th Street
Suite 120
Lincoln, Nebraska 68508
Phone:
(402) 4414600
Fax: (402) 4768753
Omaha
Office
11819 Miracle Hills
Drive
Suite 205
Omaha, Nebraska 68154
Phone: (402)
3913411
Fax: (402) 3914725
Scottsbluff
Mailing address:
PO Box 2264
Scottsbluff, NE 69363
(308) 6366344
Please do not reply
to this email. Responses sent to this email address will not be
received by a staff member of Senator Fischer.
If you wish to contact
Senator Fischers office, please use the online form on her website by
clicking
HERE
Unsubscribe
|
Update My Profile
|
Privacy Policy
