Copyright (c) 1996-2015 Constant Contact. All rights reserved.
Except as permitted under a separate
written agreement with Constant Contact, neither the Constant Contact software, nor any content that appears on any Constant Contact site,
including but not limited to, web pages, newsletters, or templates may be reproduced, republished, repurposed, or distributed without the
prior written permission of Constant Contact.
For inquiries regarding reproduction or distribution of any Constant Contact material, please
contact legal@constantcontact.com.
Mike Kelly's Weekly E-Newsletter
February 6, 2015
Follow me on Twitter!
Visit my YouTube page!
Click here to subscribe to my weekly
E-newsletter
My Offices
ERIE DISTRICT OFFICE 208 E. Bayfront Parkway Suite 102 Erie, PA 16507 Phone: (814) 454-8190 Fax: (814) 454-8197
BUTLER DISTRICT OFFICE
101 East Diamond St Suite 218 Butler, PA
16001 Phone: (724) 282-2557
Fax: (724) 282-3682
SHARON DISTRICT OFFICE
33 Chestnut Street Sharon, PA
16146 Phone: (724) 342-7170 Fax: (724) 342-7242
WASHINGTON, DC OFFICE
1519 Longworth HOB Washington, DC 20515 Phone: (202) 225-5406 Fax: (202) 225-3103
CRAWFORD COUNTY OFFICE Every Wednesday 9:00 a.m. - 4:00 p.m. 908 Diamond Park Meadville, PA 16335
ARMSTRONG COUNTY OFFICE
Every Thursday 9:00 a.m. - 4:00 p.m. 300 South McKean Street Kittanning, PA 16201
LAWRENCE COUNTY
Every Friday 9:00 a.m. - 4: 00 p.m. Lawrence County Courthouse 430 Court Street New Castle, PA
16101
Dear Friend,
Earlier this week, President
Obama introduced his latest budget proposal for Fiscal Year 2016. Much to my dismay (but not to my surprise), the budget includes $2.1
trillion in new taxes, $8.5 trillion in more debt, and never balances --
ever . Just like last year's budget, it seeks to spend billions of dollars more
in taxpayer money than the government would actually take in. Even the
New York Times
has described it as " more utopian vision than pragmatic
blueprint. "
In other words, it's a total non-starter.
I believe the
American people deserve a serious budget plan that responsibly reduces
our record-high debt ($18 trillion and growing!) and lowers taxes to
grow our economy, not a tax-raising wish list based on pure political
posturing.
Read more about the president's budget
here .
Sincerely,
Rep. Kelly
Applauds Committee Passage of Bill to Improve Tax Certainty for Farmers & Families
Ways & Means Committee approves Kelly-sponsored bill to make conservation easement a permanent part of the nation's tax code
Bipartisan legislation will help farmers preserve natural lands & open space
for future generations
Earlier this week,
Rep. Kelly -- a member of the House Ways and Means Committee -- delivered remarks at Wednesday's
full committee mark-up hearing
for H.R. 641,
the Conservation Easement Incentive Act of 2015 , which he introduced in the House of Representatives two days prior on Monday. The hearing featured
the mark-up of seven bipartisan bills
designed to improve the tax code for families, farmers, and small businesses.
Statement by Rep. Kelly:
"First, let me thank Chairman Ryan for bringing [H.R. 641] up today for consideration.
"Since this provision was first enacted in 2006, few tax bills have had the breadth and level of support this legislation has had. In the 112th Congress, this bill had more than 310 cosponsors-the majority of both parties. No substantive tax bills have had this level of support in recent history.
"Organizations from the Farm Bureau to the Land Trust Alliance to the NRA support this legislation. Why? Because it helps farmers stay on their land, preserves open spaces for recreational enjoyment, and protects important watersheds for clean drinking water and agricultural lands to allow for locally-sourced food.
"It's a win-win all around.
"On Monday, I re-introduced this legislation with my colleague across the aisle, Rep. Mike Thompson (D-CA), who has worked on this legislation for years. Senators Heller (R-NV) and Stabenow (D-MI), both serving on the Senate Finance Committee, also joined us in introducing the exact same bill on Monday in the Senate. And, coincidentally, the president's Fiscal Year 2016 budget included this proposal as well.
"It's a very rare thing in this town when both sides of the Hill, both parties, and even the president all agree on policy-and it's even rarer still when it comes to agreeing on tax policy.
"Therefore, it's our sincere hope that this uniquely bipartisan, bicameral legislation is finally made permanent this year so that we can collectively restore the American people's faith in Congress's ability to enact sound tax policy on their behalf."
Statement by Rand Wentworth, President of the
Land Trust Alliance :
"This incentive is a proven success, making conservation a real and affordable option for many farmers, ranchers and other landowners since 2006. We applaud the steps Sens. Heller and Stabenow and Reps. Kelly and Thompson took today to make permanent a law that makes possible local, landowner-drive conservation to protect important lands."
NOTE:
H.R. 641
provides a permanent enhanced tax incentive to family farmers, ranchers, and other landowners who choose not to develop their land and instead preserve their property for conservation. By providing tax benefits to landowners who choose conservation, the bill helps preserve our nation's farmlands and open spaces for future generations
The legislation was
authored and introduced by a bipartisan coalition
on February 2, 2015, including Reps. Mike Kelly (R-PA) and Mike Thompson (D-CA) in the House and Sens. Dean Heller (R-NV) and Debbie Stabenow (D-MI) in the U.S. Senate.
Rep. Kelly
Re-Introduces
Restaurant and Retail Jobs and Growth Act
Senate companion bill introduced by Sen. Bob Casey (D-PA)
Rep. Kelly issued the following statement on Thursday after introducing
H.R. 765 ,
the Restaurant and Retail Jobs and Growth Act , in the House of Representatives with co-sponsor Rep. Richard Neal (D-MA). U.S. Senators Bob Casey (D-PA) and John Cornyn (R-TX) authored and introduced the companion legislation in the U.S. Senate. Rep. Kelly
previously introduced
this bill in the 113th Congress on March, 13, 2014.
"The Restaurant and Retail Jobs and Growth Act is a commonsense, bipartisan piece of legislation that will give tens of thousands of small businesses the tax certainty they need to invest, expand, and put more Americans back to work.
"Restaurants have long been an extraordinary source of private sector job creation for America, with 10 percent of our country's entire workforce based in the foodservice industry. In Pennsylvania alone, restaurants employ more than a half-million people, including 20,000 hardworking men and women in the Third District.
"When the nation's diners, pubs, taverns, and eateries succeed, so do their surrounding communities. Granting long-term tax stability to these vital enterprises will lead to new jobs and stronger economic growth from coast to coast."
Dan Wilson, CFO of
Eat 'n Park Hospitality Group :
"We fully support the idea of a permanent 15-year depreciation schedule for the restaurant industry and we thank Congressman Kelly's leadership on this issue. In our business, because of the wear and tear a public restaurant incurs, we will be out of business very quickly if we aren't continually refreshing and reinvesting in our businesses. A 39-year depreciation schedule in the restaurant industry simply is not aligned with real world spending practices."
NOTE:
The Restaurant and Retail Jobs and Growth Act
would make permanent the 15-year depreciation schedule for leasehold improvements, restaurant improvements and new construction and retail improvements. These types of business must constantly make improvements to keep up with structural and cosmetic wear and tear caused by customers and employees. In the restaurant industry alone, for example, more than 130 million customers patronize restaurant building structures each day. Unfortunately, the 15-year depreciation schedule for these properties is temporary and must be frequently renewed. Most recently, H.R. 5771, the so-called "tax extenders" legislation that passed last Congress, extended these provisions through December 31, 2014.
An important principle of the tax code is that the costs of assets are allocated over the period in which they are used. Assets with longer expected lives are depreciated over a longer period of time, while assets with shorter lives are depreciated over a shorter period of time. As a reflection of this principle, the Congress has long held that leasehold improvements, restaurant improvements and new construction and retail improvements should be depreciated over 15 years rather than the 39-year recovery period that would otherwise apply to nonresidential real property.
Rep. Kelly Votes to Fully Repeal Obamacare
House passes legislation to repeal Obamacare for first time since law's controversial implementation
WATCH HERE
Rep. Kelly spoke on the floor of the House of Representatives on Tuesday in support of
H.R. 596 , a bill to repeal the Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act (Obamacare) in its entirety. The House passed the legislation later that day by a vote of 239-186.
Rep. Kelly's floor remarks:
"I rise in strong support of H.R. 596 because I think it's time for everybody who sits in this House to listen to the American people. This is America's House. This is the House of Representatives. It's not the Republican Party who disapproves of the Affordable Care Act-it is the American people."
"And it doesn't matter what poll you look at, overwhelmingly --
whether it's Quinnipiac, Rasmussen, CBS, Fox, Associated Press, Gallup, Pew Research
-- Americans are saying resoundingly, 'We do not like this bill. We disapprove of this bill.' And to continue to say that somehow we're taking something from somebody... wait until the tax season hits. I'm talking to people back home that do tax preparation-they're already looking after just Day 2 of tax preparations saying, 'My goodness, what we were told was a lie.'"
"Mr. [Jonathan] Gruber could not have been more truthful when he said, 'Look, we relied on the stupidity of the American people. We lied to them to get this passed.' Where I'm from, you're allowed to make an honest mistake, but you're not allowed to outright lie to people. They will never forgive you for that."
"It's time to repeal this horrible piece of legislation that got passed through lies. It didn't get passed through honesty. I think it's very dishonest to sit here today and say somehow the Republicans are trying to do something to hurt the American people
when the American people speak out in a great majority and they disapprove of this law. "
NOTE:
H.R. 596 also directs three House Committees, including the House Ways and Means Committee, to develop legislation with which to replace the Affordable Care Act.
Rep. Kelly has long been a co-sponsor of H.R. 3121,
the American Health Care Reform Act , a patient-centered alternative to Obamacare to make health care insurance more affordable and accessible to the most vulnerable Americans. Read more about the plan
here .
Rep. Kelly Statement on
Stop Work Order for
Butler VA Health Care Center
Representative Mike Kelly (PA-03) issued the following statement today in response to notification of a stop work order to Cambridge Healthcare Solutions PA, LP (Cambridge), which had received a contract from the Department of Veterans Affairs (VA) on December 31, 2014, to construct the Health Care Center (HCC) in Butler, PA. The order was issued "in response to a protest that was filed with the Government Accountability Office (GAO) by an unsuccessful offeror."
" Today's news is consistent with this project's turbulent record and
I am certainly concerned by this notification. My colleagues in Congress and I have an abiding responsibility to make sure that our veterans and the taxpayers are properly defended. These are equally important commitments that I take very seriously. My office will continue to meet its obligation to provide rigorous oversight and investigation as needed to ensure that
the reforms called for by the VAOIG are made real. "
Forward this email This email was sent to dj724530@gmail.com by
thomas.qualtere@mail.house.gov
|
Update Profile/Email Address
|
Rapid removal with
SafeUnsubscribe &trade;
|
Privacy Policy . The Office of Representative Mike Kelly
|
1519 Longworth House Office Building
|
Washington
|
DC
|
20515
