
If you
are having trouble viewing this message or would like to share it on a
social network, you can
view the message online .
HOME
ABOUT
CONTACT
ME
SERVING YOU
MEDIA CENTER
ISSUES &amp;
LEGISLATION
OUR DISTRICT
January 30, 2015
Dear
Friend,
Human trafficking is the fastest growing organized criminal
activity in the world, generating $32 billion each year for the lowlifes
involved in the trade. Sadly, Californias size and location make it
one of the top destinations in the United States for the sale and
exploitation of persons. This kind of evil is taking place in our own
communities and affecting our homes.
We are all responsible for
doing everything we can to combat the spread of this despicable
practice. The first step in doing that is raising awareness of the issue
and helping our children understand the threat. I was pleased last night
to join Without Permission, a Modesto-based organization working to
combat the spread of trafficking and educate young people, to speak
about the federal legislation Ive supported that can
help.
This week the House sent a series of 12 bills to the Senate that I
hope to see them take up immediately and send to the President to become
law. The legislation I supported includes provisions to codify a
national human trafficking hotline, help health care workers identify and
assist victims, criminalize the advertisement of minors for commercial
sex acts, improve practices within state child welfare systems when
identifying, assessing and documenting sex trafficking victims and
require the Department of Homeland Security (DHS) to train personnel in
best methods for identifying victims and perpetrators of trafficking and
methods to approach suspected victims.
A full list of the bills I voted for is available
here .
Due to inclement weather, the Majority Leaders office changed our
vote schedule this week and we did not take up the Secure Our Borders
First Act I wrote about last week. I fully support this bill,
which
would make securing the border a requirement , not a goal, for
DHS. I spent last weekend on a trip led by House Homeland Security
Committee Chairman Michael McCaul to the border including stops in San
Diego, California, Tucson and Sierra Vista, Arizona, and McAllen,
Texas.
Viewing the border in San
Diego.
As we begin a new Congress, I remain wholly committed to
top-to-bottom reform for our broken immigration system. Border
security has to take top priority so that we can prevent human traffickers,
drug smugglers and terrorists from entering our country. Seeing
firsthand the challenges the men and women of our Border Patrol face daily,
I know that there is more we can do to provide them with the tools and
resources they need to truly secure our borders. Border security must
be the beginning of our discussion about ways to address every broken
part of our immigration system, and I look forward to taking up
legislation to start this process. I appreciate the feedback you sent me
last week with your thoughts.
The
fence.
Click here for more information about my
trip
and
here if youd like to see more photos of the
border .
Tuesday's meeting with the California State Sheriff's
Association.
On Tuesday I met with the
California State Sheriff's Association, my good friend and Stanislaus
County Sheriff Adam Christianson, Major Leader Kevin McCarthy, Congressman
Steve Knight and sheriffs from Kern, Fresno, Sacramento and Orange
counties. Having California-wide meetings like this one helps us all
coordinate and keep each of our individual communities
safer.
Yesterday the Senate passed a bill approving construction of the
Keystone XL pipeline with bipartisan support. This is a great step forward
in our efforts to pursue an all-of-the-above energy strategy and
create jobs. State Department estimates predict the pipeline will create
42,100 jobs, and TransCanada has established a number of provisions to
help make this pipeline the safest ever built. I spoke on the House
floor in November about some of these safety provisions
you can watch my remarks here .
Lastly I
wanted to mention one of the proposals President Obama planned to
include in his upcoming budget. He announced during his State of the Union
address that he planned to tax 529 plans, which many parents have been
contributing to for years as a way to help their kids through college.
I was shocked the President would propose such a measure, and his
plan drew immediate backlash from families sending their kids to college
using 529 plans and local financial planners overseeing these accounts
in cities throughout the country. The House also responded with a
plan to protect these accounts and ensure middle-class families dont
have to bear the burden of our out-of-control spending. As a parent to
two teenagers, I know how important it is to protect the savings weve
put aside to ensure our children can have the brightest possible
futures through education.
The President did the right
thing by announcing Wednesday that he would withdraw his proposal ,
and I hope that in the coming year he will work with Congress to find
fair and balanced tax reform ideas that dont penalize working families
or their children.
Hope you have a great
weekend!
JEFF DENHAM
Have you started
saving for your childrens college education?
Yes No Have you established 529 plans to save for your childrens
education?
Yes No *By answering this
survey, you are subscribing to my newsletter. If you are having
trouble, click here.
E-mail Updates
Yes, please periodically send me e-mail
updates.*
*By subscribing to my
e-mail
updates, you are authorizing me to send regular e-mail updates from my
office to your e-mail account.
DC office:
1730 Longworth HOB
Washington, DC
20515
P: 202-225-4540
F: 202-225-3402
Modesto Office:
4701 Sisk Road, Suite
202
Modesto, CA 95356
P: 209-579-5458
F:
209-579-5028
Unsubscribe
|
Update My Profile
|
Privacy Policy
