DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.0 Transitional//EN" "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml1/DTD/xhtml1-transitional.dtd"
District Update | December 12, 2014
Click here
if you have trouble viewing this email
Dear Friends,
This week, the House of Representatives voted to approve
H.R. 5781 , the California Emergency Drought Relief Act of 2014. The 26-page bill is a simple, common sense solution to the water shortages that have plagued our state during this historic drought.
Theres no understating the importance of Californias agricultural industry to the vitality of our states people, businesses, and economy. Our state alone produces nearly half of US-grown fruits, nuts and vegetables, and we grow them on over 80,000 farms that range from the Central Valley to Orange County. Dairy farms brimming with calves and grape groves blooming with a full harvest directly translate to jobs and economic activity for Californians, and not just for those who work on farms themselves.
A radical interpretation of federal law has severely compounded the California drought. By prioritizing the Delta smelt to the point of curtailing billions of gallons of water slated to be pumped to local communities, bureaucrats have cost our state thousands of jobs and bankrupted hundreds of Californian farms.
The California Emergency Drought Relief Act is a stopgap measure that stems the tragic loss of jobs, crops, and family farms that will fall victim to this drought if we dont take action right now. 2014 marks the third consecutive year that California has been declared in a drought. Seven of the last eight years have been categorized as below average to critically dry. Things arent getting better, theyre getting worse.
In February of this year, the House passed legislation to grant local agencies the flexibility necessary to pump hundreds of billions of gallons of water to Southern California. The legislation passed this week is based on language developed during negotiations between Sen. Dianne Feinstein and California House Republicans.
Provisions in this bill sunset in 18 months and set the stage for negotiations towards a permanent solution, all the while aiding Californians that are in immediate need and providing temporary flexibility for the California Water Project to redirect water flow where needed.
Theres no doubt that this drought is a natural disaster, and a tragedy for the harm it has caused farmers. But while we cant control the weather, we can ensure that our states water resources are used in a smart and effective manner to relieve the pain.
The House overwhelmingly passed this critical bill and the ball is now in the Senates court. Senate Leader Harry Reid needs to bring this bill to the Senate floor immediately. His refusal to follow regular order and bring House passed bills to a vote prior to the election deeply damaged our countrys ability to address pressing issues.
With the elections over, there is no longer any reason for continued inaction while Californians suffer.
Sincerely,
Representative Ed Royce
News for Dec. 5 - Dec. 12, 2014
Royce Office to Host "Coffee and Grants" Sessions
Rep. Royce's Brea and Rowland Heights offices will be hosting several events in January to inform the residents, business owners, and nonprofits of California's 39th Congressional District on how to pursue a grant from the federal government. These sessions are open to the public and are free to attend. For dates, times, and to RSVP, click
here .
Team Royce Seeking Spring 2015 Interns
Rep. Royce's D.C., Brea, and Rowland Heights offices offer internship opportunities for college students and recent graduates. Interns complete legislative research, attend Congressional hearings or events in the district, answer phones, read mail, and much more. All three offices are currently accepting applications for
Spring 2015 , apply
here .
Rep. Royce Fights Fannie and Freddie Slush Fund
Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac's regulator on Thursday directed the two government-controlled mortgage firms to begin setting aside money for an affordable-housing fund established in 2008, saying they are financially fit enough to do so.
The companies were meant to capitalize the National Housing Trust Fund that Congress created more than six years ago. But their regulator barred them from paying into the fund after they were bailed out by taxpayers during the financial crisis.
Now that both firms have returned to profitability, the regulator, the Federal Housing Finance Agency, said it was time to reverse course. The "allocation would not contribute to the financial instability" of the firms, FHFA Director Mel Watt said in letters to the chief executives of the two companies.
Housing advocates and Democratic lawmakers have argued for months that the conditions that prompted the agency to suspend payments in 2008 no longer existed.
But the move to set aside money for the fund raised concerns among Republicans who worry about a too-expansive role for the companies, which are the top sources of U.S. mortgage finance.
Known as government-sponsored enterprises, or GSEs, they return their profits to the U.S. Treasury in the form of dividend payments. Channeling money into the affordable housing fund could reduce that cash flow.
"Money coming in from the GSEs should go to the taxpayers instead of a slush fund for ideological housing groups to play around with," said Representative Ed Royce, a California Republican who sits on the House Financial Services Committee.
Read more
D.C. Office Address Change
Please note, Rep. Royce's Washington office location has changed. The new address is:
2310 Rayburn House Office Building
Washington, D.C.
20515
(202) 225-4111
Visiting our nation's capital? Team Royce would love to set up tours for you and your family. Click
here
for scheduling.
CONNECT
Facebook
Youtube
ORANGE COUNTY OFFICE
210 W. Birch Street, Ste 201
Brea, CA 92821
T (714) 255-0101
LOS ANGELES COUNTY OFFICE
1380 S. Fullerton Road, Suite 205
Rowland Heights, CA 91748
T (626) 964-5123
WASHINGTON, DC OFFICE
2310 Rayburn House Office Building
Washington, DC 20515
T (202) 225-4111
UPDATE SUBSCRIPTION OPTIONS
|
PRIVACY POLICY
|
CONTACT US
Click Here Click Here