
Can't see the pictures? Select "Always display images" or
view this message in your browser .
January 8, 2015
Happy Holidays! As we welcome 2015, I want to share with you our activities and accomplishments from 2014. I hope you will continue to connect with our office about your priorities so I can better represent you in the year ahead.
Happy New Year,
Congressman Ed Perlmutter
Constituent Services
Each and every day we help the hardworking individuals and families of Colorado's 7th Congressional District cut through red tape and work with federal agencies.
In 2014, my team helped constituents receive more than $3,023,162 million in savings, grants, benefits, and unpaid compensation from federal agencies. Together, they completed 556 cases for the hardworking folks in our district.
I'm proud of the work we do and the many constituents we assist. We helped track down lost tax returns, find missing retirement pay, and helped nominate the next generation of officers to our armed forces.
Do you need help with a federal agency?
My staff and I are here to help you . Whether you lost important documents, have not received a timely response from the federal government, or need help with benefits, grants or resources, we will do our best to help you navigate the system.
If you need help, please
email
or call my office at (303) 274-7944.
Constituent Success Stories
After years of struggling and getting no answers from the IRS, I contacted Congressman Perlmutter. Ed helped me get in touch with the right people so my business and I can move forward. Thank you, Ed!&rdquo;
- Rose
&ldquo;Congressman Perlmutter&rsquo;s office was very helpful to me with my Social Security problem as a widow. His constituent team, especially Jerry, was in constant touch with me and Social Security. She is very friendly, helpful and knowledgeable about Social Security problems. I am very grateful to Congressman Ed Perlmutter and his office.&rdquo;
- Gloria
At our 2014 Tuition Fair, Dominic learned about the Latin American Educational Fund (LAEF).
A representative from the organization at the event encouraged Dominic to apply for a LAEF scholarship. LAEF selected Dominic to be their 2013-2014 Lola A. Salazar Student of the Year, a significant scholarship award. He is currently pursuing a double major in Biomedical Engineering and Biological &amp; Chemical Engineering at Colorado State University.
&ldquo;I don&rsquo;t have much right now, but I have a chance and opportunities. Education is important to success and what you put into it is what you&rsquo;ll get out.&rdquo;
- Dominic
Legislative and Policy Achievements
One of the many examples of flood damage to roads in Coal Creek Canyon
Flood Recovery Efforts
In 2014, Colorado came together to rebuild infrastructure damaged in the floods and help neighbors whose homes or businesses were damaged or destroyed. Colorado&rsquo;s Congressional delegation worked together to lift the cap on emergency highway funding to ensure Colorado received the necessary funding and resources to repair damaged communities.
In total, Colorado received about $1.088 billion in assistance and low-interest loans. We have made significant progress over the last year, but can never forget the lives lost and families impacted by this devastation.
Ed met with Coal Creek firefighters in September to discuss the courageous work of first responders and the rebuilding progress.
One of the many examples of flood damage to roads in Coal Creek Canyon
Supporting Rocky Flats Workers
We have a duty to ensure nuclear weapons workers, like those who worked at the Rocky Flats plant, are given the benefits they deserve to care for their work-related illnesses.
I worked to include an amendment to create an independent advisory board to review Cold War Patriots&rsquo; benefits applications more accurately and expeditiously in the National Defense Authorization Act (NDAA) for Fiscal Year 2015.
This advisory board is an important step in adding transparency and accountability to decisions made affecting workers&rsquo; compensation and access to benefits.
Improving the VA, Getting the VA Hospital Built
In response to widespread problems at the VA, I joined my colleagues on both sides of the aisle to support the Veterans Access, Choice and Accountability Act ( H.R. 3230 ), an important step in fulfilling our promise to veterans. The legislation takes immediate steps to expand healthcare options for veterans and requires comprehensive, independent assessments of current VA medical care.
In addition, I am
working with the Colorado delegation to find a path forward for the VA hospital in Aurora .
This state-of-the-art facility will serve veterans across the Rocky Mountain West and it is imperative we find a way to move forward to ensure veterans from Montana to New Mexico receive the care they need and deserve.
Currently under construction, the Zephyr Line apartments are an example of how the LIHTC tax credit program can affect change and opportunity in a community.
Building More Affordable Housing
In October, I was
recognized as &ldquo;Legislator of the Year&rdquo;
for my continued support of affordable housing in the district and across Colorado.
Programs such as Low-Income Housing Tax Credits, New Markets Tax Credits, Community Development Block Grants (CDBG), HOME Investment Partnership Funds, the Housing Trust Fund, and Self-Sufficiency Programs are important to help constituents succeed on their own.
I also
introduced bi-partisan legislation to reduce the burden on fixed income tenants
for purposes of determining their eligibility for certain federal assistance housing programs.
Connecting with Constituents
Getting out in the district and meeting with constituents is one of the most important parts of my job. Hearing from small businesses, community organizations and individuals helps me to better serve you and represent the 7th Congressional District. Thank you to everyone who came out to my
Government in the Groceries
or hosted me at their school, small businesses or organization. Below is a sample of just a few of the events I either hosted or participated in across the district in 2014.
If you are interested in attending an event or setting up a meeting with me or my staff in 2015, please check my
events page
for the most current information or call my office at (303) 274-7944.
Connect With Me
Facebook
Twitter
YouTube
Unsubscribe
Washington DC Office
1410 Longworth House Office
Building
Washington, DC 20515
Phone: 202.225.2645
Fax: 202.225.5278
District Office
12600 West Colfax Avenue, Suite
B-400
Lakewood, CO 80215
Phone: 303.274.7944
Fax: 303.274.6455
Please do not reply to this email.
To contact me, please
click here
and let me know your thoughts on how I can better represent your beliefs and values in our nation's Capitol.
