Copyright (c) 1996-2014 Constant Contact. All rights reserved.
Except as permitted under a separate
written agreement with Constant Contact, neither the Constant Contact software, nor any content that appears on any Constant Contact site,
including but not limited to, web pages, newsletters, or templates may be reproduced, republished, repurposed, or distributed without the
prior written permission of Constant Contact.
For inquiries regarding reproduction or distribution of any Constant Contact material, please
contact legal@constantcontact.com.
Mike Kelly's Weekly E-Newsletter
December 20, 2014
Follow me on Twitter!
Visit my YouTube page!
Click here to subscribe to my weekly
E-newsletter
My Offices
ERIE DISTRICT OFFICE 208 E. Bayfront Parkway Suite 102 Erie, PA 16507 Phone: (814) 454-8190 Fax: (814) 454-8197
BUTLER DISTRICT OFFICE
101 East Diamond St Suite 218 Butler, PA
16001 Phone: (724) 282-2557
Fax: (724) 282-3682
SHARON DISTRICT OFFICE
33 Chestnut Street Sharon, PA
16146 Phone: (724) 342-7170 Fax: (724) 342-7242
WASHINGTON, DC OFFICE
1519 Longworth HOB Washington, DC 20515 Phone: (202) 225-5406 Fax: (202) 225-3103
CRAWFORD COUNTY OFFICE Every Wednesday 9:00 a.m. - 4:00 p.m. 908 Diamond Park Meadville, PA 16335
ARMSTRONG COUNTY OFFICE
Every Thursday 9:00 a.m. - 4:00 p.m. 300 South McKean Street Kittanning, PA 16201
LAWRENCE COUNTY
Every Friday 9:00 a.m. - 4: 00 p.m. Lawrence County Courthouse 430 Court Street New Castle, PA
16101
Dear Friend,
This week I was very honored to be asked to deliver the weekly Republican address to our nation. The address was released via video this morning, and
can be viewed on YouTube by clicking here .
My message in this week's national address is meant to echo the American people's strong support for unleashing our nation's vast energy potential in order to usher in new jobs, lower energy costs, and a much stronger economy. Especially as Americans gather with loved ones during this season of hope, it's crucial that we chart an optimistic course for the future that seizes all of the abundant, affordable, and accessible energy resources that we've been blessed with. From coal production to the Keystone Pipeline construction, it's time for President Obama to work with me and my colleagues in Congress to give the American people the energy future they want and deserve.
Because manufacturing things,
making things
-- and doing it better than anyone else in the world -- is exactly what America has always been about. It's how we've built such a robust and dynamic economy since our founding, and how we can fully achieve a 21st century economic revival. If we all pull together, I believe we can make 2015 the year we restore our nation of builders.
I hope you'll enjoy
my video address
and share it with family and friends.
Have a very merry Christmas, and may God bless you and your loved ones throughout the rest of this holiday season!
Sincerely,
A Special Christmas Message from Representative Kelly
to the Third District
WATCH HERE
Rep. Kelly Hails
Victories
for Western Pennsylvania as
113th Congress Concludes
Kelly-sponsored provision to secure retirement benefits
included in final FY 2015 omnibus budget
Extension of pro-jobs energy tax incentives signed by president
Kelly-sponsored ABLE Act now law
Rep. Kelly -- a member of the House Ways and Means Committee -- issued the following statement yesterday highlighting three legislative victories for the Third District that were achieved in Washington over this past week.
The first is the inclusion of
a bipartisan retirement provision
introduced by Reps. Kelly, Jim Gerlach (R-PA), and Ron Kind (D-WI) in the final version of
the Omnibus
Appropriations bill for Fiscal Year 2015 , which was signed by President Obama on December 16, 2014. The provision codifies the definition of "normal retirement age" as either 30 years of service or the current tax code's definition of 62 years old. Because the IRS changed its retirement definition to include only the latter description, 10,000 rural electric coop beneficiaries throughout the nation would have otherwise lost their retirement benefits, including 16 in the Third District.
The second is the passage by the U.S. Senate and signing into law of a package of extenders for multiple expiring tax incentives for propane and biodiesel which were included in Rep. Kelly's
Powering American Jobs Act . The incentives were extended retroactively through the end of 2014, which will cover the 2014 tax filing season for this year's tax liabilities. This package was signed by President Obama this afternoon.
The third is the signing into law of the Achieving a Better Life Experience Act, also known as
the ABLE Act , of which Rep. Kelly is a co-sponsor. The law aims to provide families of a severely disabled child with added peace of mind by allowing them to save for their child's long-term disability expenses in the same way that families of able-bodied children can currently save for college through popular 529 investment plans.
Statement by Rep. Kelly:
"I am thrilled that our bipartisan retirement provision is now federal law. By working together and putting our constituents' needs first, we have successfully stopped the IRS from eliminating retirement benefits for more than 10,000 rural electric co-op employees of more than 300 co-ops throughout the nation-including 16 in the Third District.
"I am also very happy to see President Obama sign into law a major portion of the Powering American Jobs Act, which will help keep taxes from being raised and help create jobs in Western Pennsylvania.
"The signing of the ABLE Act, along with its overwhelming popular and bipartisan passage in Congress, should serve as proof that with the right goals and principles leading the way, Washington can still get necessary work done for the American people."
Statement by
National Rural Electric Cooperative
CEO Jo Ann Emerson:
"On behalf of our 10,000 members whose benefits were saved with the inclusion of the critical normal retirement age provision in the FY 2015 Omnibus, thank you Representative Mike Kelly for working so diligently on this major accomplishment. Our members are even further blessed this holiday season and have additional reminders to give thanks."
Rep. Kelly Announces
Annual Nominees to
U.S. Military Academies
On Wednesday, Rep. Kelly announced the names of his nominees to the United States Military Academies for the class of 2019. These candidates met all application requirements and were interviewed by Rep. Kelly's independent Military Academy Advisory Board, comprised of local academy alumni and veterans.
Statement by Rep. Kelly:
"After an extensive application process, we have awarded congressional nominations to 21 distinguished candidates who will now move forward in seeking an appointment to one of the United States Military Academies. It is an absolute privilege to nominate individuals from Pennsylvania's Third District to these elite academies, and I am confident that these nominees possess the abilities and dedication necessary to become proud American leaders. I sincerely congratulate these fine young men and women and applaud their eagerness to serve our great nation."
Nominees:
Collin Adamson, West Shamokin High School
Thomas Anderton, Conneaut Area High School
Richard Arlington, Northwestern PA Collegiate Academy
Jonathan Asseff, Seneca Valley High School
Lauren Barber, Wilmington Area High School
Max Campoli, University of Texas
William Drambel, Seneca Valley High School
Karita Ford, McDowell High School
Derek Gengler, Butler Senior High School
Benjamin Learn, Meadville Area Senior High School
Alex Madonna, Vincentian Academy
Oscar Manjerovic, Mars Area High School
Reed McDonough, Mars Area High School
Sonya McLaughlin, Shady Side Academy
Michael Palaski, Seneca Valley High School
Norman Stark, Cathedral Preparatory School
George Staudacher, Northwestern Preparatory School
Michael Tappe, Aquinas Academy
John Timon, Fairview High School
Anthony Valenza, Grove City Area High School
Mary Wadding, West Shamokin High School
NOTE:
Rep. Kelly will honor all nominees during a ceremony in the spring of 2015. Any constituent interested in seeking a congressional nomination in the future (or more information regarding the application process) is encouraged to visit
Rep. Kelly's website
or contact Stephanie Stevenson, Academy Coordinator, at
Stephanie.Stevenson@mail.house.gov .
Rep. Kelly Discusses
Future of Congress's Fight
to Stop Executive Amnesty
on
Fox & Friends
WATCH HERE
Rep. Kelly appeared on
Fox & Friends Weekend
on Fox News Channel last Sunday to discuss the recently passed
Omnibus Appropriations bill for Fiscal Year 2015
and the future efforts of the upcoming 114th Congress to halt President Obama's recent executive action on illegal immigration amnesty.
Rep. Kelly on the importance of the upcoming Congress:
"Moving forward, we have to get into the next session when we have a majority in the Senate that we can actually work with on a more open basis. ... When we get into the next session, we have a much different group to work with. ... This is not over. This is not Republicans walking away from a very critical issue. However, we know where we are positioned right now, we're still a minority. We won't be that way after the [114th Congress is sworn in]. January 6th starts an altogether new day for America. We're going to have to govern though, and Speaker Boehner has been very clear about this. These are not Republicans issues, these are not Democrat issues - these are American issues. And if we're going to govern, we're going to have to govern as Americans first, and we're doing what's right for the American people."
"After the [new Congress is sworn in], we'll be able to lay out a plan for America that makes sense, gets our economy up and rising again, gets our people to have faith in this form of government that we have, and [Americans will know] that they're going to govern in Washington right now; they're not going to be bumping heads all the time."
WEEKLY PHOTOS
On Wednesday, Rep. Kelly attended the ceremony for the awarding of the PA Governors Award for Safety Excellence to J&J; Fire Protection in Butler, a member of the Associated Builders and Contractors of Western Pennsylvania.
Congratulations to this outstanding local company!
_________________________________________
Rep. Kelly with Bryce Veon, President of Autosoft
On Wednesday, Rep. Kelly attended the open house for Autosoft's newly renovated technology center in Mercer County.
Read more about the event
here .
_________________________________________
Rep. Kelly with Erie VAMC Director David Cord and Public Affairs Officer Connie Faluszczak
On Thursday, Rep. Kelly met with David Cord, the new Director of the Erie Veterans Affairs Medical Center, in Erie.
Forward this email This email was sent to dj724530@gmail.com by
thomas.qualtere@mail.house.gov
|
Update Profile/Email Address
|
Rapid removal with
SafeUnsubscribe &trade;
|
Privacy Policy . The Office of Representative Mike Kelly
|
1519 Longworth House Office Building
|
Washington
|
DC
|
20515
