
If you are having trouble viewing this
message or would like to share it on a social network, you can
view the message online .
January 12, 2015
Unsubscribe
Update My Profile
Website
|
About
Doug
|
District Map
|
Constituent Services
|
Issues &amp; Legislation
|
News
|
Contact |
Dear Friend,
The first
week of the 114th Congress was a busy and action-packed week that
featured work on several pieces of legislation important to the American
people. In this Ledger, you will read about steps we have taken to
lower the unemployment rate amongst our nation's veterans, protect
American jobs at risk due to Obamacare, and open up the jobs and economic
development that will take place with the construction of the Keystone
Pipeline.
Closer
to home, I am thankful that none of the volunteers or employees
of the Colorado Springs NAACP were injured in last week's attempted
bombing. I hope that the FBI investigation is able to swiftly apprehend
the people responsible for what appears to be an act of violence and
intimidation.
I want
to thank you, once again, for granting me the enormous honor of
representing you in Washington. I will work hard and do my best to be the
best Representative I can be for the best Congressional District in the
nation.
Please let me know if you require any assistance with
a federal government agency by contacting my local office at (719)
520-0055.
Sincerely,
The Pin denoting my
Membership in the 114th Congress
FIGHTING FOR OUR
VETERANS
I supported the Hire More
Heroes Act, the first piece of legislation passed in the 114th
Congress. It was an honor to cosponsor and support this important bill
designed to incentivize businesses to hire more veterans. By allowing
employers to not count veterans in the VA or TRICARE systems against
Obamacare's employer mandate, businesses will have a lower tax burden if
they employ veterans. Unemployment among our veterans is too high. The
Hire More Heroes Act is an important first step in addressing the twin
problems of onerous Obamacare mandates and veteran unemployment and I
look forward to its passage in the
Senate.
Please click
HERE
for more information on
this bill
I also used my position as
the second ranking Republican on the House Veterans Affairs Committee
to call on President Obama to visit the scandal-plagued VA Hospital
during his recent trip to Phoenix.
The Phoenix VA Hospital was the epicenter of the waitlist scandals that
have rocked the VA over the last year, causing an evaporation of trust
between many veterans and the VA. Unfortunately, President Obama has
not visited a VA hospital since last April and is choosing not to
drive down the block to visit the Phoenix VA Hospital. This is a missed
opportunity for the President to show veterans that he is paying
attention to the challenges they face at the VA. Veterans concerned about a
lack of presidential leadership should know that the House Veterans
Affairs Committee will continue to provide oversight and legislation
designed to improve the healthcare our wounded warriors have
earned.
STANDING UP TO ILLEGAL
IMMIGRATION
I joined dozens of my conservative
colleagues in a letter to Speaker Boehner calling on, "the House to stand
firm in its efforts to oppose the President's executive action and place
comprehensive restrictions on the funding for its implementation as
soon as possible in the 114th Congress" and to "bring the FY2015
Department of Homeland Security appropriations bill to the floor, with
language removing all available funding streams to implement the President's
executive action."
I will never support amnesty for illegal
immigrants. I will continue to push Speaker Boehner to stand up against
these lawless actions of the President and to stand with the
conservative principles that support and defend the rule of law. The time is now
to strongly push back against the policies of the Obama
Administration.
Text of
Letter
SUPPORTING THE KEYSTONE PIPELINE
I voted
in favor or H.R. 3, the Keystone XL Pipeline Act. The bill passed by
a bipartisan vote of 266 to 153 and heads to the Senate for
consideration early next week. The Keystone XL pipeline has been pending for
more than six years and it is long past time to begin this project that
is supported by the majority of Americans. The delay threatens job
creation, economic growth, and our relationship with Canada, our closest
ally and trading
partner.
The Keystone XL pipeline will provide significant economic and
national security benefits for the country. By bringing an extra 830,000
barrels of oil per day to U.S. refineries, the pipeline would create
American jobs and enhance our national security by reducing U.S. reliance
on energy resources from less stable regions. Continued volatility in
those regions only reinforces the urgent need to tap into new energy
sources and the Keystone XL pipeline is a safe, secure way to ensure the
nations long-term energy
security.
During the projects construction, the Keystone XL
pipeline would support more than 42,000 jobs across the country, translating
to $2 billion in earnings for workers and contribute approximately
$3.4 billion to the U.S. gross domestic product (GDP). Additionally, many
state and local governments will see the benefit of significant tax
revenues as a result of the increased economic activity. Following the
projects completion, the Keystone XL pipeline operations will
continue to employ American workers and most counties will see property tax
revenue increase of 10 percent directly benefiting local
communities.
I look forward to the new
leadership in the Senate considering this bill and sending it to
President Obama's desk for his decision. For six years the President has
made excuses to avoid supporting this legislation. With today's decision
by the Nebraska court system removing barriers to construction of the
pipeline, the President has no more excuses.
WORKING
TO DISMANTLE
OBAMACARE
I cosponsored and voted in favor of H.R. 30, the
Save American Workers Act. This bill makes the definition of a
full-time employee one who completes 40 hours of work per week. The employer
mandate of Obamacare had made the definition of a full-time employee
someone who completes 30 hours of work per week. The House is taking
another important step in dismantling Obamacare. The employer mandate
attempts to micromanage the employment practices of America's job
creators and places the job security of millions of Americans at risk. The
Save American Workers Act will help solidify over two million jobs in
this country, including many workers who earn a median income under
$30,000 a year and do not have a college degree. We will continue to stand
with the workers and employers of America in pushing back against
harmful legislation from the Obama
Administration.
STANDING UP FOR
LIFE
I cosponsored the Title X Abortion Provider
Prohibition Act, legislation designed to remove taxpayer funding from
Planned Parenthood abortions. I have been, and always will be, a
strong supporter of life.
Please click
HERE
for more information on this
legislation
WORKING TO REFORM OUR TAX
CODE
I have signed on to cosponsor
forthcoming legislation designed to significantly reform our broken tax
code. The Tax Code Termination Act is a bipartisan measure that will
force Congress to act on this priority of the American people. The bill
abolishes the current Internal Revenue Code by December 31, 2019 and
mandates Congress to approve a new federal tax system by July of 2019.
Our tax code is needlessly complex and burdensome to businesses and
citizens alike. By simplifying our existing system, we could unleash and
enable historic economic growth and expansion in this
country.
DISCUSSING LEGISLATIVE PRIORITIES WITH
KKTV
It was a pleasure interviewing with KKTV Washington DC reporter
Lauren Adams on priorities for the new
Congress.
Please
click
HERE
to watch my
interview
Interesting Articles and Recommended
Reading
Editorial: Feds Find Marijuana Consumption Rising in
Colorado
by the Colorado Springs Gazette
A North
American Missile Defense Alliance?
by The National
Interest
Lima's Magic Climate
Beanstalk
by the Wall Street Journal
Social Media Update
If you would like to follow me on twitter please find
me at
@RepDLamborn
On
my
Facebook
this week constituents shared their feelings on my support of
legislation designed to reform our tax
code:
Sondra Teer
-
This
is positive...
Mark
Simmons
-
Let's also remove all the other hidden
taxes, fees &amp; penalties while you are at
it.
Ron Hall
-
Flat
tax, no IRS.
Toby
Norton
-
Thank you Mr. Lamborn! About
time!
Jim
Alexander
-
Great goal, make it happen.
Florence Sebern
-
Thank you,
Congressman Lamborn! Standing strong against political party
leadership pressure is admirable.
CONTACT INFORMATION
WASHINGTON OFFICE
2402 Rayburn HOB |
Washington, DC
20515
Phone: (202) 225-4422
Fax: (202)
226-2638
DISTRICT OFFICES 1125 Kelly Johnson
Blvd., Suite 330
Colorado Springs, CO 80920
Phone: (719) 520-0055 |
Fax: (719) 520-0840
DISTRICT OFFICES
415 Main Street |
Buena Vista, CO 81211
Phone: (719)
520-0055 |
Fax: (719) 520-0840
Update My Profile
-
Unsubscribe
-
Privacy
Policy
gateway mail end
