
We&rsquo;re beyond insulted. Today is the 42nd anniversary of the Roe v. Wade decision that legalized a woman&rsquo;s right to make decisions about her own body.
Friend -- We&rsquo;re beyond insulted.
Today is the 42nd anniversary of the
Roe v. Wade
decision that legalized a woman&rsquo;s right to make decisions about her own body. But how is the House GOP celebrating?
By voting to pass their most extreme anti-choice bill yet, which would introduce an enormous new restriction on abortion access!
Add your name: Denounce Republicans who would destroy women&rsquo;s health and lives to further their backwards political agenda.
Your Action History
Name:
Friend
Last Petition Signed:
N/A
Stand up for Choice:
Signature Pending &gt;&gt;
This extreme bill would effectively ban abortion coverage under the new health care system. It would take away existing coverage for millions of American women.
And Boehner&rsquo;s plan to hold a vote on the anniversary of
Roe v. Wade
is simply outrageous! It&rsquo;s incredibly insulting to women and to all voters who believe in personal freedoms.
Will you sign our petition? Tell the GOP to BACK OFF women&rsquo;s health and rights and drop this shameful bill.
Thanks for standing with us,
DSCC Rapid Response
Democratic Senatorial Campaign Committee
P.O. Box 96047
Washington, DC 20090
Paid for by the Democratic Senatorial Campaign Committee, dscc.org,
and not authorized by any candidate or candidate&#39;s committee.
The DSCC is the only organization solely dedicated to supporting Democrats in the U.S. Senate. This message was sent to dj724530@gmail.com because you are a part of the DSCC&rsquo;s grassroots network. Please add us to your address book or approved senders list to make sure you keep receiving DSCC updates.
Emails are a critical way for us to stay in touch with our grassroots supporters. 99% of the DSCC&rsquo;s contributions come from grassroots donors giving less than $200. We also strive to keep you updated on issues related to the Democratic Party&rsquo;s values.
If you&rsquo;d like to stop receiving emails related to this campaign, please
click here .
If you&#39;d like to make a contribution to support us, please
click here . We are already beginning to prepare for the fight ahead &ndash; reclaiming the majority in 2016. It will take every single grassroots supporter, but we know it&rsquo;s possible with your help. If you&rsquo;d like to stop receiving all emails from the DSCC, please
unsubscribe . We greatly appreciate your continued support.
Contributions or gifts to the DSCC are not tax deductible.
