
Unsubscribe
|
Forward to a Friend
|
Having trouble Viewing this Email?
NEWSLETTER SIGN UP
Email:
First Name:
Last N ame
Yes, I would like to receive
the Civility Corner
Yes, I would like to receive
EC From DC
CONGRESSMAN CLEAVER INTRODUCES BODY CAMERA LEGISLATION
The &ldquo;Cam Act&rdquo; Requires State and Local Law Enforcement Agencies Who Receive DOJ Grants Have Their Officers Wear a Body Camera
It is a piece of legislation I believe is critically important to protecting citizens and law enforcement officers alike. The legislation I am referring to is the Camera Authorization and Maintenance Act of 2014, also known as the CAM Act, and I am honored to have introduced it this week in Washington.
The Cam Act would:
Require that all state and local law enforcement agencies who receive Department of Justice grants have their officers wear a body camera.
Create a grant program to help agencies purchase the equipment.
Set guidelines for the use of body cameras.
Create a task force to study and make recommendations on community policing and to determine protocol in body camera training.
The task force would also be required to study the effectiveness of body cameras one year after implementation of the policy -- and to study the impact that citizen review boards could have on police misconduct.
Provide for a report on the Department of Defense 1033 program.
The goal of my legislation is not only to protect the rights of all citizens and officers, but also to increase transparency, and to provide better evidence for any and all investigations.
Because the 113th Congress is ending, I will reintroduce this legislation in the 114th Congress.
You can see a copy of the legislation at:
www.cleaver.house.gov .
CONGRESSMAN CLEAVER FIGHTS INJUSTICE AND BRINGS ATTENTION TO CIVIL RIGHTS CASES
I was just a small boy growing up in Texas, when I heard about the murder of another boy in Mississippi. His name was Emmett Till, he was 14-years old, and I remember how frightened I was at the time because I didn't understand what had happened. My comprehension, though, grew a hundred fold when I saw a picture of his battered and burned body. It was published in the pages of Jet magazine -- and I was changed forever.
Now, I hope to help bring attention to cases like that of Emmett Till, and so many others. To that end, this week I met with family members of Emmett, Frank Morris and the five fishermen killed in Pensacola, Florida. Congressman Bennie Thompson, from Mississippi, organized the meeting, and members of the Cold Case Justice Initiative from Syracuse University School of Law were also there. The goal is to bring awareness to the Till case, and the Emmett Till Unsolved Civil Rights Act of 2007, and to discuss ways member of the Congressional Black Caucus, and others, can work with the Department of Justice on these cases.
The Cold Case Justice Initiative has identified more than 300 unsolved civil rights cases and suspicious killings. The focus now is to have tools already in place, like the Emmett Till Unsolved Civil Rights Act, actively enforced and possibly extended.
As a young child, scared and confused by what happened to a boy in Mississippi who I'd never met, not in my wildest dreams did I imagine I would be able to lend assistance to his and other families, as well as to investigations. As I grew older following the years of Emmett's death, my understanding grew deeper, along with my resolve to fight these horrific crimes, and the injustices they represent for all of us. I am proud to do just that.
Congressman Cleaver meets with family members of Emmett Till, and others, to bring awareness to unsolved civil rights cases
AFFORDABLE HOUSING IS CRITICAL
I was honored to speak at the Housing Assistance Council's annual conference recently, to discuss the importance of home ownership, signs of the housing recovery, and how the needs of constituents in Missouri's Fifth District vary from region to region. More than five years into the worst foreclosure crisis since the Great Depression, we're finally starting to see signs of a housing recovery.
New-home sales amounted to an annual rate of 467,000 in September 2014&mdash;a 17 percent percent increase from the 399,000 homes sold in September 2013 but well below the historical average of 698,000 homes sold before the Great Recession.
The median new-home price in September 2014 was $259,000, up from one year earlier.
Existing-home sales increased by 2.4 percent in September 2014 from one year earlier, and the median price for existing homes was up by 5.6 percent during the same period.
Home sales have to go a lot further, given that homeownership in the United States stood at 64.4 percent in the third quarter of 2014, down from 68.2 percent before the 2007 recession.
The current homeownership rates are similar to those recorded in 1996, well before the most recent housing bubble started.
A strong housing-market recovery can boost economic growth, and there is still plenty of room for the housing market to provide more stimulation to the economy more broadly than it did before the recent slowdown.
The American Dream, to most Americans, is a simple one.
Many tire and toil just to have an opportunity to raise a family in a place they can call their very own home.
Affordable housing is a key component to a vibrant, expanding, and prosperous community.
As a Member of the Financial Services Housing Subcommittee, it is my goal to work to ensure constituents in the 5th District have access to quality and affordable housing, as well as a stronger safety net to prevent homelessness. We must be creative in finding additional ways to provide opportunities for homes to every American who needs one. There is still much that Congress and our federal agencies can do to improve coordination across programs, and to increase access to the services that are being provided.
Congressman Cleaver speaks to a packed crowd at the annual conference for the Housing Assistance Council
CIVILITY CORNER
I shall never forget the question someone asked our sixth grade science teacher: &ldquo;Mr. Freeman, why is it that we can&rsquo;t kill all the flies around our House?&rdquo; The teacher responded that there are way more flies than people. Each female fly, he said, lays about 150 eggs, three times a month during the summer. The eggs hatch and bring forth similar numbers and the beat goes on and on and on.
Then someone in the class used a word that I heard for the first time, &ldquo;there are a gazillian flies.&rdquo; I later found out that our number system does not extend to a gazillian. It is used jocularly to underscore the significance or the immensity of a thing. The point, however, is clear.
Today when I recall that long ago class room experience, I transpose the flies to the hostility and pathologically partisan pollution that comes from Members in the chambers of Congress. I wonder how many of those eggs I myself have laid during each session? What if each person who hears me then goes on to lay eggs of their own? Who knows, we might one day end up with gazillians of our own citizens hating each other.
While haters and flies I do despise, the more I hear haters, the more I like flies.
Emanuel
Cleaver, II
Member of
Congress
Kansas City Office
101 W 31st St.
Kansas City, MO 64108
Phone: 816-842-4545
Fax: 816-471-5215
Independence Office
211 West Maple Avenue
Independence, MO 64050
Phone: 816-833-4545
Fax: 816-833-2991
Higginsville Office
1923 Main St.
Higginsville, MO 64037
Phone: 660-584-7373
Fax: 660-584-7227
Washington Office
2335 Rayburn HOB
Washington, D.C. 20515
Phone: 202-225-4535
Fax: 202-225-4403
