
January 16, 2015
Having trouble reading this email?
Click here
to view the plain text.
Gohmert Named Chairman of Natural Resources Oversight and Investigations Subcommittee
WASHINGTON, D.C. -
Rep. Louie Gohmert (TX-01) was named the Chairman of the Natural Resources Oversight and Investigations Subcommittee. He released the following statement regarding his appointment:
It is such an honor to be named the Chairman of the Natural Resources Oversight and Investigations Subcommittee.
The First Congressional District of Texas is not only rich in natural resources; it is the number one natural gas producing district in Texas, and I am proud to represent east Texas in this capacity in the U.S. Congress.
In this new role as the Natural Resources Oversight and Investigations Subcommittee Chairman, I plan to hold this administrations feet to the fire for the good of every household in America. This economy is ready to do amazing things if we loosen the death grip that this administration has had by using over 70,000 pages of new regulations each year. These power-hungry bureaucrats need to return the freedoms they have robbed from Americans, so Americans can make their own choices and save vast amounts of money they are currently spending on energy and taxes.
The Obama Administration needs to be held accountable for their actions that are hindering Americas potential of becoming energy independent. We must end the cycle of the administration's cronies getting massive loans and grants for so-called green energy only to have them go bankrupt and go start a different company loyal to the President. We need to move to a day when no energy companies get subsidies so that constituent consumers decide what energy is best by deciding which makes more sense for them without government penalties or subsidies.
The Natural Resources Committee is blessed to be under the professorial leadership of Rob Bishop. I issued a statement shortly after the November election supporting Rob as chairman because he has extraordinary insights and knowledge about our nation's resources. He has my complete respect, and I am honored to work with him as his subcommittee chairman during this crucial time in our history.
Other Congress members have mentioned that bureaucrats at the E.P.A., Land Management, U.S. Fish &amp; Wildlife, and related bureaucracies are not likely going to be excited about having to be accountable and testify before me and my committee. Personally, I very much look forward to it myself.
The Natural Resources Committee has oversight of the Department of Interior, which includes:
Bureau of Indian Affairs ,
Bureau of Land Management ,
Bureau of Ocean Energy Management ,
Bureau of Reclamation ,
Bureau of Safety and Environmental Enforcement ,
National Park Service
,
Office of Surface Mining Reclamation and Enforcement
,
U.S. Fish and Wildlife Service ,
U.S. Geological Survey .
# # #
Click Here Click Here