
If you are having trouble viewing this
message or would like to share it on a social network, you can
view the message online .
HOME
ABOUT ME
THE 31ST DISTRICT
HOW CAN I HELP YOU?
ISSUES &amp;
LEGISLATION
NEWSROOM
CONTACT
December 15, 2014
Judge's
Boarding Pass
Dec. 8 - Dec. 15
Click
here to view video
Well it's
time for the Boarding Pass and today I'm at Fort Hood and happy to
announce the passage of a bill that will ensure victims of the 2009
terrorist attack on Fort Hood are eligible for being awarded the Purple
Heart, along with its corresponding benefits.
As of December 12,
the National Defense Authorization Act (NDAA) passed both the House and
Senate and is ready for the President to sign into law. The NDAA
authorizes funding for the Department of
Defense.
Today Representative Williams and I held a joint press conference
to mark the Congressional passage of this landmark legislation. We
were joined by victims family members and local supporters, who attended
to urge the President to quickly sign the legislation and the
Department of Defense to award the Purple Hearts as soon as
possible.
This has been a long, tough battle. My heart has
always been with the victims of this horrific terrorist attack. These
brave men and women have struggled and suffered for years, all while
political correctness took precedence. The President has the chance to
make it right for those who have been struggling by signing the
National Defense Authorization Act in to law. Keep your promise to support
these victims, Mr. President.
The
victims of the attack have suffered physically, mentally, and
financially.
Shortly after the attack, President Obama made promises to those
injured and the families of those killed that he would take care of
them.
However, his negligence has caused many of them to suffer
even more as they struggle to pay for treatment and make ends meet. The
National Defense Authorization Act gives the Obama Administration yet
another opportunity to honor his pledge to provide for these men and
women who were victims of terror.
I urge President Obama to take
this incredible opportunity to restore the proper care and recognition
for these individuals, said Congressman
Williams.
Alvin Howard, a victim of the 2009 terrorist attack, was
also in attendance and gave the following statement:
This is a
special day and long overdue. I want to give special thanks to
Congressmen Carter and Congressman Williams for hearing the cries of the men
and women of our armed forces and citizens. I thank them for answering
that call and going forward with legislation that would give the men
and women the awards and benefits due to them. The only thing that holds
this up is the President of the United States and I urge him to
quickly sign this in to law.
The NDAA would adjust the Purple Heart criteria so that
our service members and civilians, who experience an attack inspired by
terrorism, receive the appropriate awards and recognition. The
language awards the Purple Heart to service members who are victims of an
attack that was inspired or motivated by a U.S. State
Department-designated foreign terrorist organization. The provision would be
retroactively effective as of September 11, 2001.
I'm happy that this legislation has finally passed. I'm
looking foward to the Christmas holidays and I hope you have a Merry
Christmas, Happy Hanukkah, and happy holidays with your friends and family.
I'll be back in D.C. in the new year for the 114th Congress. Until
then Merry Christmas and Happy New
Year.
Share on Digg Share on
Facebook Share
on LinkedIn Share on MySpace Share on
Twitter
Washington D.C. Office
409 Cannon H.O.B.
Washington, D.C. 20515
Phone: (202) 2253864
Round Rock District
Office
One Financial Centre
1717 North IH 35, Suite 303
Round Rock, TX 78664
Phone: (512)
2461600
Bell County Office
6544B S.
General Bruce Drive
Temple, TX 76502
Located next to the DPS office
Phone: (254) 9331392
Unsubscribe
|
Update My
Profile
|
Privacy Policy
