
Friday, January 16, 2015
WEBSITE
|
FORWARD TO A FRIEND
| SHARE ON:
Foxx Report for the Week of January 16, 2015
Breaking the law to enter the United States should not be rewarded, but thats exactly what President Obama did when he announced plans to grant amnesty to millions of illegal aliens through executive actions. This week I voted in favor of legislation to defund the presidents executive actions on immigration in their entirety.
Prior to passage of H.R. 240, which funds the Department of Homeland Security for the remainder of fiscal year 2015, the House approved five amendments specifically designed to stop President Obamas executive overreach on immigration. As a result, the legislation prevents any funds, whether they are appropriated funds or user fees collected by the agency, to implement the presidents executive amnesty; bars the use of funds to continue the Deferred Action for Childhood Arrivals program; and ensures that convicted sex offenders and domestic violence perpetrators are priorities for removal by U.S. Immigration and Customs Enforcement.
Additionally the legislation provides funds to enhance border security, provides for stringent oversight, increases transparency within the Department of Homeland Security and bolsters immigration and customs enforcement.
This legislation will put a stop to the presidents unparalleled power grab, which is a blatant overreach of his Constitutionally-granted executive authority. It is the responsibility of Congress to pursue reforms and ensure a strong immigration policy, and we should begin by securing our borders.
Preventing Veteran Suicide
On Monday the House passed
bipartisan legislation
to prevent veteran suicide and ensure individuals who may be struggling have access to necessary mental health care services and support. H.R. 203, the Clay Hunt Suicide Prevention for American Veterans Act, passed the House unanimously.
Our veterans fight battles on foreign soil to protect us here at home. Those who make it back should never have to worry that they might face a bureaucracy more lethal than enemy fire. This legislation will help ensure that American veterans have access to the mental health care services they need and deserve. The entire nation owes our military personnel and veterans a huge debt of gratitude, and ensuring that debt is properly repaid is one of my top priorities in Congress.
Regulatory Reform
On Tuesday the House passed
legislation designed to reduce excessive regulatory costs
by overhauling the federal rulemaking process as defined by the Administrative Procedure Act. H.R. 185, the Regulatory Accountability Act of 2015, would improve how rules are promulgated by requiring agencies to estimate the cost of proposed regulations and consider new criteria, including lower-cost alternatives.
Having owned a small business, I know from personal experience that overly burdensome rules and regulations handed down from bureaucrats in Washington can wreak havoc on both employers and employees. While Congress cannot create prosperity, we can work to ensure entrepreneurs and employers arent crushed under red tape. This legislation will help ensure that the federal government properly investigates and examines the effects that new rules and regulations pose to the American economy.
Whats Coming Up
Next week the House will consider legislation to ban abortions after 20 weeks of pregnancy, which is when research has shown unborn babies are capable of feeling pain. We will also consider legislation to reduce red-tape when approving natural gas pipelines.
Sincerely,
NOTE: Please DO NOT respond to this email as this inbox is unattended. To contact my office please
click here
SIGN UP TO RECEIVE REGULAR UPDATES
|
PRIVACY POLICY
|
CONTACT US
Click Here Click Here