
I just started as the DSCC&rsquo;s Executive Director, and I need a quick favor from you: Will you take our very short, five-question survey
Friend -- I just started as the DSCC&rsquo;s Executive Director, and I need a quick favor from you:
Will you take our very short, five-question survey to help set Democrats&rsquo; priorities?
The Republicans took control of both houses of Congress this week and they&rsquo;re already pushing their extreme right-wing policies, including a sneak attack on Social Security. Democrats need to set our agenda and start fighting back -- and that&rsquo;s where you come in.
Which issues do you think Democrats should focus on in the next two years? Tell us by Friday!
Your response matters: It will shape our efforts in 2015 and 2016 to defeat GOP extremism and recruit and support strong Democratic candidates. Please take the survey by Friday (tomorrow) -- I really appreciate your help!
I&rsquo;m looking forward to sharing more in the coming weeks about our efforts to win back the Senate in 2016.
Thanks,
Tom Lopach
DSCC Executive Director
P.S. I see that your 2014 membership has expired.
Will you renew your Democratic membership for 2015 so we can immediately start work on our 2015-2016 priorities?
Democratic Senatorial Campaign Committee
P.O. Box 96047
Washington, DC 20090
Paid for by the Democratic Senatorial Campaign Committee, dscc.org,
and not authorized by any candidate or candidate&#39;s committee.
The DSCC is the only organization solely dedicated to supporting Democrats in the U.S. Senate. This message was sent to dj724530@gmail.com because you are a part of the DSCC&rsquo;s grassroots network. Please add us to your address book or approved senders list to make sure you keep receiving DSCC updates.
Emails are a critical way for us to stay in touch with our grassroots supporters. 99% of the DSCC&rsquo;s contributions come from grassroots donors giving less than $200. We also strive to keep you updated on issues related to the Democratic Party&rsquo;s values.
If you&rsquo;d like to stop receiving emails related to this campaign, please
click here .
If you&#39;d like to make a contribution to support us, please
click here . We are already beginning to prepare for the fight ahead &ndash; reclaiming the majority in 2016. It will take every single grassroots supporter, but we know it&rsquo;s possible with your help. If you&rsquo;d like to stop receiving all emails from the DSCC, please
unsubscribe . We greatly appreciate your continued support.
Contributions or gifts to the DSCC are not tax deductible.
