
Dec
19
News From Senator Ayotte's Office
Dear Friends,
This week, I learned of my committee assignments for the next two years.
I'm pleased to report that I'll continue to serve on the following Senate committees: Armed Services; Commerce, Science, and Transportation; Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs; and Budget.
I'll also be rejoining the Small Business Committee.
From advocating for our small business owners, to expanding access to broadband and strengthening transportation infrastructure, to making the case for a strong national security and ensuring New Hampshire's servicemen and women have the equipment and support they need, I will use my committee assignments to push for priorities that are important to New Hampshire.
And as a member of the Budget Committee, I will also continue to push for a fiscally responsible budget for our nation that cuts waste and reins in our skyrocketing national debt.
One of my greatest privileges as a Senator is nominating outstanding New Hampshire students to be considered for admission to our nation's military service academies.
This week, I was honored to announce the names of more than 35 students I have nominated to attend one of the service academies.
These young men and women have excelled inside and outside the classroom while making valuable contributions to their local communities, and I look forward to congratulating them in person during the next few weeks.
Click here
to read more.
Also this week, the Senate approved a package to retroactively extend expired business and individual tax provisions through 2014. While I am disappointed the tax package wasn't a longer extension, I am pleased the Senate acted to provide tax relief for this year.
In the new Congress, I will continue to push for pro-growth tax reform that simplifies the code and lowers rates for individuals and businesses to make our nation more competitive. The tax package also includes a bill I cosponsored, the Achieving a Better Life Experience (ABLE) Act, which will allow individuals with disabilities and their families to set up tax-free savings accounts to save for expenses - without affecting eligibility for Medicaid, Social Security or other programs.
This bipartisan legislation will help improve the quality of life for individuals with disabilities and allow them and their families to save for expenses such as education, housing, employment support, and transportation.
Moving forward, I will continue to work with members of New Hampshire's disability rights community to expand opportunities and improve the lives of individuals with disabilities. See below for more about this issue.
Like many of you, I will be out this weekend buying a few last minute Christmas gifts for the family.
Good luck with your shopping, and please read on for more news from my office.
Ayotte Applauds Passage of Bill to Help Veterans with Traumatic Brain Injury
Ayotte, Shaheen support bill for injured veterans Associated Press December 17, 2014
CONCORD, N.H. (AP) - New Hampshire Sens. Kelly Ayotte and Jeanne Shaheen say a bill on its way to President Barack Obama will enhance treatment services for veterans living with traumatic brain injuries.
The senators introduced legislation that would modify a pilot program created in 2008 to place veterans with these severe injuries in residential living programs. About 200 veterans have participated in the program, including a number of New Hampshire veterans who were treated at Robin Hill Farm, a community-based center in Hillsboro that provides brain injury rehabilitation services.
Ayotte and Shaheen said the bill clarifies the category of services provided, improves rehabilitation providers' participation and boosts transparency and accountability.
Read more.
Portsmouth Naval Shipyard Plans to Hire Additional Workers
Senator Ayotte welcomed the announcement this week that Portsmouth Naval Shipyard plans to hire more than 700 new workers through September 30, 2015. She released the following statement:
"Because of Portsmouth Naval Shipyard's exceptional performance, the Navy continues to have great confidence that the shipyard's skilled workers will conduct top quality maintenance and send submarines back to the fleet expeditiously-often ahead of schedule. That's why the projected workload at Portsmouth is so robust and is a major reason the shipyard must hire more workers. I could not be more proud of the shipyard and its dedicated workforce, and I will continue to use my position on the Senate Armed Services Committee to advocate for the shipyard."
Read more.
Bill to Help Individuals with Disabilities and Their Families Headed to President's Desk
Senator Ayotte welcomed final congressional approval this week of bipartisan legislation that will empower individuals with disabilities to save and plan for future expenses.
Ayotte cosponsored the Senate version of the Achieving a Better Life Experience (ABLE) Act, which will allow individuals with disabilities and their families to set up tax-free savings accounts to save for expenses - without affecting eligibility for Medicaid, Social Security or other programs.
The bill now awaits the president's signature.
"This bipartisan legislation will help improve the quality of life for individuals with disabilities and allow them and their families to save for expenses such as education, housing, employment support, and transportation," said Ayotte.
"I will continue to work with members of New Hampshire's disability rights community to expand opportunities and improve the lives of individuals with disabilities."
Read more.
Ayotte Efforts Result in Resumption of Burials at Clark Veterans Cemetery
Following her efforts urging the Philippine government to end its suspension of burials at Clark Veterans Cemetery, Senator Ayotte announced she has received confirmation from the State Department and the Philippine government that the suspension has ended and burials have resumed at Clark Veterans Cemetery.
"The United States and the Philippines enjoy a close and important relationship, and I am deeply thankful that the government there responded so quickly to my concerns.
The burial suspension created unnecessary hardships for families of veterans grieving the loss of their loved ones, and I am so pleased that burials have resumed," said Senator Ayotte. "I look forward to continuing to work with the Philippine government and the State Department to ensure that procedures are put in place at Clark Veterans Cemetery to ensure that families of veterans do not confront unnecessary bureaucratic hardships and delays in the future."
Read more.
Ayotte Statement on Change in U.S. Policy Toward Cuba
Senator Ayotte released this statement following the President's announcement regarding the administration's policy change toward Cuba:
"I join all Americans in welcoming home Alan Gross, who was unjustifiably and brutally imprisoned by the Cuban regime.
"However, the administration's decision to release Cuban agents convicted of espionage will only encourage other dictatorships to use American prisoners as leverage in order to gain concessions from the U.S.
"Cuba remains a state sponsor of terrorism that continues to deprive its people of their basic civil liberties and political rights and has recently trafficked in arms with regimes like North Korea. By seeking to normalize relations, the administration is rewarding the very behavior we want to end and sending a confusing message to political prisoners in Cuba and around the world.
Read more.
Defense Bill Includes Bipartisan Ayotte Measure to Protect Security Gains of Afghan Women
The final Fiscal Year 2015 National Defense Authorization Act (NDAA) that was approved by Congress includes a version of bipartisan legislation introduced by Senator Ayotte and Senator Bob Casey (D-PA) aimed at protecting the safety, security, and rights of Afghanistan's women and children.
"The women and girls of Afghanistan have come a long way from their barbaric treatment under Taliban rule. Today, most women and girls in Afghanistan have more opportunity and freedom than they have ever had-and they have become powerful advocates for freedom, democracy, security, and reform," said Senator Ayotte. "As the security transition progresses, we must help the Government of Afghanistan to defend and expand the historic - but fragile - gains made by women there."
Read more.
Photos of the Week
With students from Beaver Meadow School today in Concord.
In Concord this morning to congratulate 81 newly sworn in U.S. citizens representing 32 different countries.
Joined members of the New Hampshire congressional delegation and Bill Greiner in Bedford today at a groundbreaking ceremony for Primary Bank.
Andrew Spalding and Kristin Tate (Hanover) stopped by Senator Ayotte's Washington, DC office.
CLICK HERE TO SHARE THIS NEWSLETTER
Warm Regards,
Kelly Ayotte
United States Senator
Email Kelly
Manchester Office
1200 Elm Street, Suite 2
Manchester, NH 03101 Phone:
603-622-7979
Nashua Office
144 Main Street
Nashua, NH 03060 Phone:
603-880-3335
North Country Office 19 Pleasant Street, Suite 13B
Berlin, NH 03570 Phone:
603-752-7702 Fax:
603-752-7704
Portsmouth Office
14 Manchester Square, Ste 140
Portsmouth, NH 03801 Phone:
603-436-7161
Washington, DC
144 Russell Senate Office Building
Washington, DC 20510
Phone:
202-224-3324
Email Kelly
|
ayotte.senate.gov
|
Unsubscribe
