
Happy Holidays!
Dear Friends,
As we gather this holiday season, it is
natural to reflect on all those who bless our
lives, our families, and our
communities.
Thousands of volunteers across our state and
nation feed the homeless and help make Christmas
a reality for needychildrenand
families. Even strangers stand on street corners
singing carols for peace. Acts of kindness and
examples of service give grateful hearts a chance
to flourish.
My year has been filled with wonderful moments
shared with family, friends, and Utahns from
every corner of our state. You have uplifted me
and strengthened myconvictionthat we
live in a state and nation filled with wonderful
people dedicated to preserving the freedoms we
cherish.
Our liberties are defended by the brave men
and women who serve in our
nationsarmed forcesand are
often far away from their homes and families
during this holiday season. I honor and revere
our nationsservice-membersand
commend their dedication and sacrifice.
One of the greatestprivlegesI have
as a United States Senator is to bestow military
honors on deserving veterans, or their family
members, who for some reason have not received
the medals they have earned.
This week, I had the opportunity to give a
long-overdue Silver Star Medal to Jeff Roberts,
son of World War I veteran Corporal Jeremiah
Roberts, who fought in the battle of Soissons
France on July 18-19, 1918.
Corporal Roberts was a runner in that battle,
which has been credited as a pivotal turning
point in the First World War. I was thrilled to
present this medal to the Roberts family as a
testament of the courage and heroism their father
displayed during combat. Corporal Roberts
sacrifice is the real gift that keeps giving.
(Senator Hatch
Gives Utahn Jeff Roberts His Father's Silver Star
He Earned in World War I)
Corporal Roberts is not alonemillions
of Americans have bravely served our country in
countless ways and
sacrificedmightilyfor our nation to
remain free.
The holidays area season of forgiveness,
they inspire acts of peace and love, and they
present opportunities to celebrate renewed
hope.
So as the cookies are eaten, the gifts
unwrapped, and the decorations enjoyed, may we
all also reflect on the goodness of our
neighbors, the sacrifice of many on our behalf,
and the strength of our nation.
Elaine and I send our very best wishes to you
for a Merry Christmas and joyous New Year!
Sincerely,
Orrin Hatch
Home
|
Contact
Us
|
Unsubscribe
This e-mail was sent to dj724530@gmail.com
Click here to unsubscribe
Senator Orrin Hatch
104 Hart Office Building
Washington, DC 20510
Phone: (202) 224-5251
Fax: (202) 224-6331