
If
you are having trouble viewing this message or would like to share it
on a social network, you can
view the message online .
Home
Biography
News
Issues &amp; Legislation
Constituent Services
The District
Contact
Us
December 12, 2014
In
This Week's Edition of E-News
...
Congressional
Session Closes, Big Expectations for 2015
SUNDAY: Murphy on C-SPAN for Discussion on Newtown and
Mental Illness
EPA War on Coal Brings Greene County Officials
to Washington
Community Celebrates Nations Longest-Serving Eagle
Scout
W&amp;J Scholars Showcase Impressive
Works
Soldier
Suicide Prevention Remains Top
Priority
Congressional Session
Closes, Big Expectations for
2015
The 2014 Congressional session will close out with
another rollback of government spending under a funding measure that passed
the House of Representatives Thursday night. Given the fierce
opposition by Minority Leader Nancy Pelosi and a majority of House Democrats
who voted against the bill, it remains unclear if it will muster enough
votes in the Democratic-controlled Senate, where self-described
progressive Senator Elizabeth Warren is leading the
opposition.
The bill maintains the spending caps under the Budget Control Act.
It cuts funding for the U.S. Environmental Protection Agency by $60
million, marking the fifth consecutive year the agencys budget has been
cut, and rolls back EPA staffing to 1989 levels.
Republicans
also reined in the Internal Revenue Service by stripping over $345
million from the agencys budget while also prohibiting IRS agents from
targeting organizations on a partisan or ideological basis with language
that prohibits the White House from ordering the review of any
organizations tax exempt status.
And in a sign of things to come
in the new session of Congress, Republican negotiators secured a win
in prohibiting any new funding for Obamacare, essentially freezing it
in its tracks.
Without this prohibition, insurance companies
would be in line to receive taxpayer money to prop up the failing
behemoth of the Presidents healthcare law. The bill also strengthens
existing pro-life policies to ensure the sanctity of human life is protected,
while simultaneously cutting funds to the so-called Independent
Payment Advisory Board, which rations care allowed for seniors on
Medicare.
But while strides were made on the spending front,
neither the Democratically-controlled Senate nor the President were willing
to pass a bill that upended the Presidents amnesty order. So
Republicans made funding for the Department of Homeland Security, which
implements immigration policy and border control, temporary under a
Continuing Resolution so that the new congressional majorities would lead
the efforts on policy and funding changes next year.
Under
a Continuing Resolution, Homeland Security is not authorized to
affirmatively start new programs or initiatives, such as the Presidents
executive orders, in which discretionary spending would have to be
authorized.
Rep. Tim Murphy expressed his disappointment that
the measure could not go further to affirmatively block the
Presidents amnesty order not just temporarily stall it, but House Republicans
were able to secure a major coup by using the Continuing Resolution
funding mechanism to prevent implementation of presidential actions on a
short term basis. This ensures the amnesty debate will happen under
new Congressional leadership when anti-amnesty lawmakers, like Murphy,
are on stronger footing in three weeks.
Announced earlier,
the legislative calendar reflects Congress will take up the
immigration debate at the beginning of January with a vote on the amnesty order
occurring within weeks of the official swearing in of the
114 th
session of Congress. With control of the Senate about to switch
and funding for the Department of Homeland Security to run out, the
President will have few options left when House and Senate Republicans
take on border control and enforcement and end amnesty.
I
know how frustrated my constituents are with the President using
executive orders to push through a rejected agenda the American people do
not want, while leaning on Harry Reid in the Senate to stop the work
of the Peoples House, said Murphy. I am categorically opposed to the
Presidents unconstitutional executive amnesty. The Continuing
Resolution to prevent new initiatives is just a temporary fix and the best
of a worst case scenario. Im anxious for the next session of Congress
to begin so we can get to work on strategically fighting back against
this amnesty plan early in January.
To share your
thoughts and vent your frustrations on these issues, please
click here .
SUNDAY: Murphy on C-SPAN for Discussion on Newtown and Mental
Illness
This Sunday,
on the second anniversary of the tragedy at Newtown, Connecticut, Rep.
Tim Murphy will appear live on C-SPANs Washington Journal to discuss
his groundbreaking mental health legislation, the Helping Families in
Mental Health Crisis Act ( H.R. 3717 ). You can
watch the interview live at 8:30 AM on December 14th by clicking
here .
Rep. Murphys bipartisan bill, which
added its 115 th
cosponsor this week, has been called the
most significant effort to reform the mental health system since the
Kennedy administration. The legislation ensures those with the most
severe forms of mental illness like schizophrenia get the medical help
they need.
His two-year fight to enact meaningful change to
help those with serious mental illness was chronicled in a long-form
profile published by CNN yesterday. Click here to read,
I ask the members of Congress to look those Newtown families in
the eye
to understand the need for mental health reform from the
perspective of families in crisis nationwide.
Under the
current system, forty percent of Americans with a serious mental health
disorder do not receive treatment. Earlier this week, a
knife-wielding individual , who was not in treatment and off of
his prescribed medication for bipolar disorder, attacked a worshiper
at a Synagogue in New York City before being shot by
police.
Those with a mental illness are no more violent than the general
public, Rep. Murphy cautioned, but, when someone has an untreated
mental illness and is suffering from paranoia and delusions, the
likelihood of that individual acting on those thoughts and committing a
violent act increases considerably. A recent study found that patients
receiving antipsychotic medication for their illness were 45% less like to
commit a violent crime then those who were not on
medication.
The Helping Families in Mental Health Crisis Act would expand
the use of a medical intervention known as Assisted Outpatient Treatment
(AOT), which has been shown to reduce violence, homelessness,
hospitalizations, and incarcerations among those with a mental
illness.
This past year, Rep. Murphy successfully enacted a new AOT
grant program for communities.
Instead of continuing to
fund the status quo of failed and wasteful government programs, money for
prisons to incarcerate the mentally ill, and homeless programs for
those with brain disease who live a life of misery on the margins of
society under the worst of conditions, there are models of tremendous
success across the country we could be investing in like Assisted
Outpatient Treatment.
**Dont forget to tune in to C-SPAN
Sunday morning at 8:30 AM to watch Rep. Murphy on Washington
Journal**
To share your thoughts on the Helping Families in Mental
Health Crisis Act, please
click
here .
EPA War on Coal Brings Greene
County Officials to Washington
Rep. Murphy with Greene County
Commissioners Blair Zimmerman and Archie Trader during their visit to
Washington.
The Keystone State is known for its leadership in
nuclear, natural gas and coal power and Greene County stands out as one of
the most important gears in Pennsylvanias economic energy
engine.
Greene County produces the most coal tonnage and has the
fifth-most gas wells in the state, but due to its rural character and
the impact of industrial truck traffic, it has significant
infrastructure needs. On Thursday, Congressman Murphy met with Greene County
Commissioners Archie Trader and Blair Zimmerman, along with County Executive
Director Robbie Matesic and Chief Clerk Jeff Marshall, who
passionately advocate for the countys infrastructure and economic development
needs.
Like Murphy, the local officials are very concerned
over the impact of EPA regulations on Greene Countys economy and
employment numbers. Congressman Murphy pledged to continue the strong
partnership and to work together to fighting the Administrations War on
Coal and by advancing clean coal technologies to keep abundant
Southwestern PA resources a key feature in the nations energy
portfolio.
Last year, EPA anti-coal regulations claimed Greene
Countys Hatfields Ferry coal-fueled power plant, despite the utility
having invested half-a-billion dollars to make it one of the cleanest coal
plants in the country. In August it was announced that Emerald Mine,
also located in Greene County, would be shuttering its doors within a
year due to EPA regulations imposing unmanageable costs on its parent
company. This year, Rep. Murphy supported numerous legislative
initiatives to rein in the EPA, testified in support of the coal industry
at an EPA field hearing in Pittsburgh, and convened several
investigative hearings that highlighted how the EPA did not account for job
loss in its regulatory proposals. This week, Congressman Murphy joined a
bipartisan letter to the President highlighting how new regulations on
existing coal regulations were economically
unfeasible.
To share your thoughts on the EPAs War on Coal or Greene County
issues, please
click
here .
Community Celebrates Nations
Longest-Serving Eagle Scout
Last Saturday, residents from Mt. Lebanon, Scott Township and
across the South Hills gathered to honor the nations longest serving
Eagle Scout: 102-year old Bernard Queneau.
Mr. Queneau has
been noted as the oldest living Eagle Scout. During a ceremony at his
residence at Providence Point retirement community, he was honored from
the Boy Scouts of America with the Distinguished Eagle Scout Award,
which is bestowed to those Eagle Scouts who spent a minimum of 25 years
volunteering in their community. Mr. Queneau, who had just celebrated
his 102nd Birthday, spent decades of his retirement volunteering for
Meals on Wheels, St. Clair Hospital, and the Mt. Lebanon Public
Library. Congressman Tim Murphy presented Mr. Queneau with an official
congressional proclamation recognizing his many years of service to his
neighbors.
Congressman Murphy presents
WWII Navy veteran and the oldest living Eagle Scout, Bernard Queneau,
with a congressional proclamation.
Sadly, just one day
after receiving the esteemed honor, Mr. Queneau passed
away.
Born in Liege, Belgium in 1912 during World War I, the Queneau
family moved to England to escape worn torn Europe. In 1925, Bernard and
his family immigrated to the United States. At the age of 16 in 1928,
Mr. Queneau reached the rank of Eagle Scout with 11 merit badges and
was then selected to travel the country on the newly completed Lincoln
Highway, which connected New York City and San Francisco. Bernard would
graduate from Columbia University with degrees in engineering and
metallurgical engineering. He then received his Ph.D from the University
of Minnesota.
Prior to the United States entering the
Second World War, Mr. Queneau joined the United States Naval Reserve and
was assigned to active duty in 1942. During the war, Bernard reached
the rank of Commander and worked on developing armor for oxygen tanks
used by pilots. He would study Nazi Germanys industrial technology and
following the war, Mr. Queneau spent decades in the private sector
working for United States Steel.
Congressman Murphy asks
his constituents to keep the Queneau family in their thoughts and
prayers as we celebrate Bernards contributions to the
community.
To share your thoughts on
Mr. Queneaus service to the
community , please
click
here .
W&amp;J Scholars Showcase Impressive
Works
W&amp;J Student Jessica Dance discusses her Political Science
research with Rep.
Murphy.
Washington &amp; Jefferson College recently
held an Open House event where students displayed posters showcasing
the culmination of a semesters worth of hard work on laboratory
studies, major-specific capstone projects, and other scientific research
projects.
Congressman Murphy was on-campus to meet with
students, teachers, and observe the over 60 detailed exhibits, which
spanned a wide-range of academic disciplines from the hard sciences to
liberal arts. Presentations included an analysis of soil bacteria at
W&amp;Js Abernathy Field Station and a comprehensive study examining
whether students who attended college far away from home became less
attached to family members. Murphy was accompanied on his visit by W&amp;J
Associate Biology Professor Ronald Bayline, who proudly showed off
outstanding exhibits produced by his biology
students.
Washington &amp; Jefferson has been able to expand its already highly
regarded scientific curriculum through grants offered through the National
Science Foundation, which enabled the college to purchase advanced
laboratory equipment, and provides W&amp;J students with the opportunity
to travel to national symposiums and engage with some of the top minds
in the scientific field.
Notable and distinguished W&amp;J
alumni include former House Speaker James Blaine and current NFL
Commissioner Roger Goodell.
To comment on
the W&amp;J
story, please
click
here .
Soldier Suicide Prevention Remains Top
Priority
A new report by
the Pentagon
revealed that for the last two years, more
servicemembers have died by suicide than in combat. Despite numerous efforts by
the Department of Veterans Affairs (VA) and the Department of Defense
(DoD), more than twenty American soldiers and veterans take their own
lives each day.
To reverse this alarming trend, the House
of Representatives this week passed with Rep. Tim Murphys support the
Clay Hunt Suicide Prevention for American Veterans Act (H.R. 5059).
The bill requires an annual review of VA and DoD programs that treat
soldiers for post-traumatic stress or traumatic brain injury and
establishes programs to help soldiers transition to civilian life and access
appropriate mental health services. To alleviate the shortage of
mental health treatment professionals at the VA, the bill directs the
agency to hire additional psychiatrists. Rep. Murphy has been
working
on a similar measure to increase the mental health
professional workforce within the military medical
system.
Rep. Murphy is a Lieutenant Commander in the U.S. Navy Reserve as a
clinical psychologist working with returning soldiers on the PTSD/TBI
unit at Walter Reed National Military Medical
Center.
Service members still have a very difficult time getting their mental
health met, said Murphy. We have to keep working on breaking down the VA
barriers because early and regular treatment early makes all the
difference. But there are just too few providers and the psychologists,
psychiatrists, clinical social workers and therapists that we have are
burdened with paperwork, screening duties, and oftentimes have too
little time to counsel patients. I hear time and time again that someone
has sought help off-base only to find counselors who do not understand
all the needs of someone in the military. This bill makes enormous
strides in fixing these problems.
It is unclear whether the
bill will receive a vote in the Senate before adjournment, but Murphy
promised to continue his work on military mental health issues next
year.
To share your thoughts on military mental health
programs, please
click
here .
Please Feel
Free to Tell a Friend
E-mail:
E-mail:
E-mail:
Washington D.C. Office
2332 Rayburn HOB
Washington, DC
20515
Phone: (202) 2252301
Fax: (202) 2251844
Mt. Lebanon Office
504 Washington Road
Pittsburgh, PA
15228
Phone: (412) 3445583
Fax: (412) 4295092
Greensburg Office
2040
Frederickson Place
Greensburg, PA 15601
Phone: (724)
8507312
Fax: (724) 8507315
Unsubscribe
|
Update My Profile
|
Privacy Policy
