DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.0 Transitional//EN" "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml1/DTD/xhtml1-transitional.dtd"
CLICK TO VIEW
Last night, I spoke on the floor of the House of Representatives in support of several amendments to the FY 2015 Homeland Security Appropriations Bill (H.R. 240) that would defund President Obama's unconstitutional overreach on immigration. H.R. 240 passed the House today on a vote of 236-191.
Click here to view video of my remarks :
Mr. Chairman, I thank the gentleman for yielding, and I thank him for his leadership on this critical piece of legislation.
Mr. Chairman, every President in the history of our Republic, from George Washington to Barack Obama, has raised their right hand and said:
I do solemnly swear that I will faithfully execute the office of the President of the United States, and will to the best of my ability, preserve, protect, and defend the Constitution of the United States.
Clause 4, Section 8 of Article I of the Constitution says the Congress
the Congress
shall have power to establish an uniform rule of naturalization.
When we as a body read the Constitution on the House floor last week, I had the honor of reading this very section for all to hear.
Section 3, Article II of the Constitution says the President
shall take care that the laws be faithfully executed,'
but never in the history of our Republic has a President so blatantly ignored his oath.
We know our President has a pen; we know he has a phone. We just wonder when will he acquire a copy of the Constitution and read it. His executive action on immigration is an unconstitutional power grab. It tramples on the authority that the Constitution gives Congress
the people's elected Representatives
over immigration. It ignores the separation of powers. We cannot let it stand.
Coequal branches of government, separation of powers, the rule of law
these must be preserved. In this bill, as amended, we do this by exercising the House's constitutional power of the purse. This DHS funding bill, as amended, will achieve this.
Yours respectfully,
Jeb Hensarling
Member of Congress
www.hensarling.house.gov
(202) 225-3484
DC
(903) 675-8288
Athens
(214) 349-9996
Dallas
Please do not respond to this email as this is an unattended mailbox.
If you would like to comment please
click here
or if you would like to sign up to receive my enewsletter please
click here .
Connect with me on:
Click Here Click Here