
Having trouble reading this email?
Click here
to view in your browser.
Protecting the Voiceless
As an obstetrician, I delivered close to 5,000 babies and I strongly support the sanctity of life. Technology like the 3-D ultrasound has given us windows to the womb that show unborn children as living, breathing, feeling human beings. I have looked through that window with my own eyes. I have seen human development occur from the earliest stages of a fetus all the way through birth, which strengthens my conviction in the right to life. This week, I am proud to support the right to life on the House floor, by marching on the National Mall and by voting for H.R. 7, the No Taxpayer Funding for Abortion and Abortion Insurance Full Disclosure Act of 2015.
The No Taxpayer Funding for Abortion and Abortion Insurance Full Disclosure Act codifies the Hyde Amendment
which states that no taxpayer funding can be used for abortion. The bill also prohibits premium tax credits and cost-sharing subsidies under Obamacare from being used to purchase health plans that cover abortion. I wholeheartedly believe that life is a precious miracle from God, and that it begins at conception. Its our responsibility and privilege as legislators to protect those who do not have a voice. I will always fight for the right to life because we are all unique creations of a God who knows us and loves us before we are even conceived.
This week, we marked the anniversary of one of the most tragic, misguided Supreme Court cases in our nations history,
Roe v. Wade . On Thursday, I joined thousands of our fellow citizens on the National Mall in the March for Life, an annual rally to support life. Since 1973, more than 56 million babies have been denied the right to life. It is past time for us to restore full legal protections to all of the unborn. If government has any legitimate function at all, it is to protect the most innocent among us.
For more than 30 years, Congress prevented taxpayer funded abortions. Unfortunately, this door was been reopened with the passage of Obamacare, the largest expansion of support for abortion since the pivotal
Roe v. Wade
decision. As a physician, a father, a grandfather and a Congressman, I have pledged myself to protect those without a voice, and I look forward to working with my colleagues to ensure this promise is kept. It is only by making good on this oath that we can expect to restore the trust that the American people have in their own government, and in so doing, ensure that the door to taxpayer funded abortions remains closed.
I am honored to serve in the House of Representatives with other legislators fighting for the rights of the unborn and I vow to continue to protect precious human life.
Feel free to contact my office if we can be of assistance to you or your family.
CONNECT WITH US
E-News Sign-up
Forward to a Friend
Contact Phil
Washington, DC Office
407 Cannon House Office Bldg
Washington, DC 20515
Phone: (202) 225-6356
Fax: (202) 225-5714
Kingsport Office
PO Box 1728
Kingsport, TN 37662
Phone: (423) 247-8161
Fax: (423) 247-0119
Morristown Office
1609 College Park Drive, Suite 4
Morristown, TN 37813
Phone: (423) 254-1400
Fax: (423) 254-1403
Click Here Click Here