
Tuesday, December 30, 2014
WEBSITE
|
FORWARD TO A FRIEND
| SHARE ON:
Humbled to Serve
As my first term as your representative comes to a close, I wanted to take this opportunity to share with you what an honor and privilege it has been to represent you in Congress over the past two years.
I came to Congress with a pledge to be bipartisan, to reach across the aisle and work with both Democrats and Republicans to get things done for our district. Using this bipartisan, problem-solving approach, we have made much progress, including right here in our backyard with funding for our environment, which is returned three-to-one to our local economy.
This is also an opportunity to remind you that the number one job of a Member of Congress is to serve the people of their district. I take this responsibility very seriously and will not forget that I am here to serve you and that our offices are here to help.
In this first term, I am proud to have participated in over 600 community events, including over 100 stops on a jobs tour across the district, and that our office has assisted hundreds of constituents, helping return over $2 million in earned benefits to constituents across the Treasure Coast and Palm Beaches. Please feel free to call one of our offices if we can be of assistance.
(To find out more about the variety of services our offices can help you with,
click here ).
Rep. Murphy joined fellow Florida Reps. Ted Deutch and Lois Frankel as they were sworn in during January of 2013.
Although it was disappointing to see continued gridlock, I am hopeful that in the new Congress, leaders on both sides of the aisle will recognize that the American people want cooperation and solutions and are tired of the political posturing.
I look forward to continuing to work on your behalf in the 114 th
Congress, putting partisanship aside to get things done to help our communities and the American people.
Together, we can help build a better and brighter future for the Treasure Coast and Palm Beaches, and for our country.
SURVEY
There are still many pressing issues that this Congress has left unresolved.
In the 114th Congress, what do you think Congress first priority should be?
-
Passing a long-term budget and funding measures to provide the stability and certainty the American economy needs to grow jobs
-
Legislative action to address immigration reform in a serious and comprehensive manner
-
Getting our fiscal house in order by cutting wasteful government spending, such as the $330 billion my SAVE Acts would cut by eliminating duplication and increasing efficiency
-
Working in a bipartisan manner to keep critical environmental projects moving forward, including continued funding for the C-44 Indian River Lagoon South Project
-
Other
Click here to weigh in.
NOTE: Please DO NOT respond to this email as this inbox is unattended. To contact my office please
click here
UPDATE SUBSCRIPTION OPTIONS
|
PRIVACY POLICY
|
CONTACT US
Click Here Click Here