
A Sweet Seat
This was a big week for Senate Republicans, but before we get into that, I want to talk about something a bit less serious, but important for Pennsylvania.
I am going to continue carrying out the tradition of the Senate " Candy Desk ."
For 50 years, one desk on the Republican side of the Senate chamber has been stocked with treats to share with colleagues. I am proud to announce that I am the newest occupant of this desk.
This is a sweet honor. I can now showcase Pennsylvania confectioners to the other 99 Senators in hopes of sweetening the bitter partisan atmosphere that has consumed the Senate in recent years.
This is also an important industry for our state. Pennsylvania is home to more than 200 confectionery companies, 10,000 confectionery employees, and produces $5 billion worth of candy each year.
I took a moment to discuss this new role; you can watch my video
here .
Restoring Trust In Government
November's election showed Americans are tired of the status quo in Washington. Americans are fed up with President Obama's overreaching government and a dysfunctional Congress.
Since Republicans took control of the Senate on Tuesday, our first duty has been to reopen the chamber and help return it to the deliberative, functioning body it once was. I'm looking forward to debating and voting on common-sense legislation and amendments that help strengthen the economy, spur job creation, and make a positive difference in the lives of Pennsylvanians.
Our nation faces many challenges that can only be solved with bipartisan support and I look forward to working across the aisle. Now that the Senate is open for business, it's time to roll up our sleeves and start legislating. The picture above is of me presiding over the Senate chamber for the first time - one of the new responsibilities of being in the majority!
You can read more about my outlook on the 114 th
Congress in the
Allentown Morning Call .
Working Across The Aisle
One of the first things I did upon arriving back in Washington this week was sit down with Senator Bob Casey to discuss ways we can work together for the people of Pennsylvania.
Breaking through the gridlock will take a bipartisan effort, and I am committed to working with my Democratic colleagues in order to accomplish our goals. While we may not agree on everything, we can identify areas of agreement and build on them.
I look forward to working with Senator Casey in the new Congress.
Staying In Touch
Over the holidays, I sat down with Terry Madonna of
Pennsylvania Newsmakers
to discuss some of the issues facing Pennsylvanians.
We talked about timely issues like the Sony hacking, as well as what I hope to accomplish in the new Congress. I spoke about my efforts to protect our children in the classroom, and what I can do in the Senate to help put Pennsylvanians back to work.
You can watch the entire interview
here .
#PatsFacts
More than 200 confectionery companies and 10,000 confectionery employees call Pennsylvania their home, producing more than $5 billion worth of candy each year.
Be sure to stay up to date on #PatsFacts and my work in Pennsylvania and Washington by following me on
Facebook
and
Twitter !
ALLENTOWN, PA
PH: (610) 434-1444
ERIE, PA
PH: (814) 453-3010
HARRISBURG, PA
PH: (717) 782-3951
JOHNSTOWN, PA
PH: (814) 266-5970
PHILADELPHIA, PA
PH: (215) 241-1090
PITTSBURGH, PA
PH: (412) 803-3501
SCRANTON, PA
PH: (570) 941-3540
WASHINGTON, D.C.
PH: (202) 224-4254
UNSUBSCRIBE
