
Jan
23
News From Senator Ayotte's Office
Dear Friends,
As the Senate continued debating the Keystone XL pipeline bill this week, I'm pleased to report that the Senate approved a bipartisan energy efficiency amendment I cosponsored that includes my Better Buildings Act.
This provision would promote greater energy efficiency in commercial buildings by providing voluntary incentives for tenants to pursue cost-effective ways to conserve energy.
See below for more info.
Also this week, I reintroduced the Duplication Elimination Act, bipartisan legislation that would save billions of taxpayer dollars by making it easier for Congress to eliminate duplicative and wasteful programs across federal government agencies.
With our nation over $18 trillion in debt, we should not waste taxpayer dollars on programs that are duplicative or that do not produce results, and this bill would be a significant step toward streamlining and modernizing government programs to save taxpayer dollars.
Scroll down to read more.
On Tuesday evening, the president delivered his annual State of the Union address to Congress.
Based on the president's speech, I believe there's an opportunity for bipartisan cooperation on strengthening our transportation infrastructure, which is a priority for New Hampshire and our nation.
However, I was disappointed that the president called for more tax increases to pay for more government spending, instead of proposing a fiscally responsible budget that addresses our nation's debt and a serious economic plan that generates increased opportunities for all citizens and allows businesses to grow, compete, and create jobs. That means reforming our complex tax code to make it simpler and fairer for individuals and businesses - encouraging investment and job creation here at home.
At home in New Hampshire this weekend, I'm looking forward to being in Pembroke tomorrow to celebrate the expansion of the Associated Grocers of New England's facility.
Read on for more news from the week - including the selection of two outstanding New Hampshire students who will participate in this year's U.S. Senate Youth Program.
Ayotte Reintroduces Legislation to Curb Government Waste
Senator Ayotte and Senator Joe Manchin (D-WV), along with Representative Charlie Dent (PA-15), reintroduced legislation in the Senate and House this week aimed at saving billions of taxpayer dollars by making it easier for Congress to eliminate duplicative and wasteful programs across federal government agencies.
The Government Accountability Office's (GAO) Annual Report on Fragmentation, Overlap, and Duplication identifies duplicative, overlapping, or wasteful government programs, and provides recommendations to reduce waste and inefficiency. Yet Congress and President too often fail to act on these recommendations. In fact, since 2011, the federal government has implemented just 12 percent of the 300 recommended actions outlined by the GAO. Billions of dollars continue to be wasted.
"With our nation over $18 trillion in debt, we should not waste
taxpayer dollars on duplicative and wasteful federal programs," said Senator Ayotte. "It's well past time for Congress and the president to act on GAO's commonsense recommendations, and our bipartisan legislation would be a significant step toward streamlining and modernizing government programs to save billions of taxpayer dollars."
Read more.
In Hooksett, Ayotte Celebrates Expansion of PROCON
ProCon expands HQ, has 'projects from N.J. to Maine' By Dave Solomon
Union Leader
January 20, 2015
HOOKSETT
- The construction industry has had a tough time emerging from the recession, but don't tell that to Mark Stebbins, who along with his wife, Sally, owns ProCon, the state's largest architectural and engineering firm.
Construction employment in New Hampshire declined at an annual rate of -2.9 percent from 2008 to 2013. While ProCon felt the slowdown in 2008 and 2009, the company has been growing ever since, doubling its team of architects and engineers from around 21 to 42 in that time-frame.
The company eventually had to find a place to put that growing staff of professionals, and launched an expansion project at ProCon headquarters on Hooksett Road, culminating in Monday's dedication of a $3 million architecture and engineering center.
The conversion of an old warehouse that was part of the sprawling ProCon complex of buildings has been in the works since late 2013. "We did it in bits and pieces," Stebbins said. "It's been a huge transformation of the space."
..
Joining the Stebbins family and ProCon employees for the ribbon-cutting were U.S. Sen. Kelly Ayotte, R-N.H., and Joseph Bevilacqua, president and CEO of the Merrimack Valley Chamber of Commerce.
"We have projects from New Jersey to Maine," Stebbins said. "We're very excited about what's going to happen in the next five or six years.
Read more.
Ayotte Renews Support for Bipartisan Legislation to Improve Mental Health Care for Veterans
Senator Ayotte announced her renewed her support this week for bipartisan legislation that would improve mental health care and suicide prevention resources for American service members. The Clay Hunt Suicide Prevention for American Veterans Act, reintroduced by Senators John McCain (R-AZ) and Richard Blumenthal (D-CT), unanimously passed the Senate Committee on Veterans' Affairs. It passed the House of Representatives last week.
"Our service members' brave work defending our country often comes with significant psychological and emotional costs," said Senator Ayotte. "This bipartisan legislation would improve existing mental health programs and enhance resources for transitioning veterans to help prevent suicides. I hope the Senate will quickly take up and pass this legislation to provide our veterans with the care they need."
The legislation is named for Clay Hunt, a Marine Corps veteran who died in March 2011 at the age of 28.
For years after his homecoming, Clay struggled with Post-Traumatic Stress Disorder and received inadequate care at his local VA hospital before taking his own life.
Read more.
New Hampshire Students Selected for Senate Youth Program
Senator Ayotte and Senator Shaheen announced this week that two outstanding New Hampshire students have been selected as delegates to the 53 rd
annual U.S. Senate Youth Program (USSYP) in Washington, D.C.
Devin McMahon of East Hampstead and Jessie Osgood of Henniker will join more than 100 students from across the nation in Washington during the week of March 7-14 to experience the federal government in action.
McMahon, a senior at Pinkerton Academy, serves as the Student Council president and Future Business Leaders of America community service coordinator.
She is also the Student Council district vice president, a board member on the State Student Council, and the founder of a nonprofit called Your Eyes Wide Open which supports education in developing countries.
In the organization's first year, McMahon raised enough money to sponsor eight children in Ethiopia for one year.
Last summer she participated in an international entrepreneurship competition based in Boston, where she and her team won first place.
Osgood, a student at John Stark Regional High School, serves as a student representative to the school board and has been a member of the Model United Nations Leadership Team since entering high school.
She has excelled academically and is recognized as a leader in her school and an active member of her community.
Last year she organized a road race to raise money for pancreatic cancer research in memory of her uncle, who died from the disease.
She plans to pursue a Liberal Arts degree.
Read more.
Senate Approves Bipartisan Energy Efficieny Amendment
The Senate voted 94 to 5 this week to approve a bipartisan energy efficiency amendment, which includes a provision authored by Senator Ayotte that is aimed at boosting energy efficiency in commercial buildings. The amendment, introduced by Senators Jeanne Shaheen (D-NH) and Rob Portman (R-OH) and cosponsored by Senator Ayotte, is similar to stand-alone legislation they introduced last Congress and was filed as an amendment to underlying legislation on the proposed Keystone XL pipeline.
Senator Ayotte's provision incorporates language from her
Better Buildings Act , which seeks to increase energy efficiency in commercial buildings by encouraging tenants to voluntarily implement cost-effective measures to reduce energy consumption and utility costs. The legislation would create a new voluntary "Tenant Star" certification to recognize tenants who operate energy efficient leased spaces. It's estimated that tenants use 50 percent or more of the energy in all office buildings.
Read more.
Ayotte Urges Permanent Reauthorization of the Land and Water Conservation Fund
This week, Senator Ayotte, Senator Richard Burr (R-NC), and Senator Michael Bennet (D-CO) introduced Amendment 92 to permanently reauthorize the Land and Water Conservation Fund (LWCF), which would fully realize LWCF's promise to conserve parks, open spaces, and wildlife habitat for the benefit of hunting, fishing, and outdoor recreation.
"Preserving New Hampshire's pristine landscape is important to our state's economy and way of life," said Senator Ayotte. "LWCF has been used to protect thousands of acres in New Hampshire - without using taxpayer dollars. This amendment is a continuation of my efforts to bolster this key conservation program, which has made a real difference in our state."
Read more.
Photos of the Week
Welcoming Kevin, Rebekah, and Caleb Heikkila from Deering to the U.S. Capitol this week.
On Monday, Senator Ayotte honored the life and legacy of Dr. Martin Luther King, Jr., in Manchester at the 13th annual "Keeping the Dream Alive" dinner.
She is pictured with students from Salem High School's JROTC program, who participated in the event.
Meeting with Dr. Ashton Carter, the president's nominee to be the next Secretary of Defense.
Meeting with representatives from the International Federation of Professional &amp; Technical Engineers to discuss priorities for the Portsmouth Naval Shipyard's workforce.
From left to right: Matt Biggs, Mark Nelson, Senator Ayotte and Deborah Jennings.
CLICK HERE TO SHARE THIS NEWSLETTER
Warm Regards,
Kelly Ayotte
United States Senator
Email Kelly
Manchester Office
1200 Elm Street, Suite 2
Manchester, NH 03101 Phone:
603-622-7979
Nashua Office
144 Main Street
Nashua, NH 03060 Phone:
603-880-3335
North Country Office 19 Pleasant Street, Suite 13B
Berlin, NH 03570 Phone:
603-752-7702 Fax:
603-752-7704
Portsmouth Office
14 Manchester Square, Ste 140
Portsmouth, NH 03801 Phone:
603-436-7161
Washington, DC
144 Russell Senate Office Building
Washington, DC 20510
Phone:
202-224-3324
Email Kelly
|
ayotte.senate.gov
|
Unsubscribe
