
December 19, 2014
The Conaway Chronicle: The President's Bad Deal With Cuba, Mason Punchers and May Tigers, and the Spirit of Christmas
__________________________________________
Thank you for reading The Conaway Chronicle, a review of my activities in Congress and the 11th District.
The President's Bad Deal With Cuba:
The agreement announced this week is a poorly negotiated deal for America and for the Cuban people. We have given up significant leverage in exchange for few tangible benefits for our country or the average Cuban. As far as I can see, this deal makes no significant gains on either democratization or increasing respect for human rights in a country where the government controls every single aspect of life.
I have long been a supporter of relaxing agricultural trade restrictions with Cuba and providing humanitarian support for the Cuban people. However, the policies currently in place created advantages that the President has simply given away with this deal and will serve largely to enrich the leaders of Cuba. The original embargo imposed by President Kennedy and the Cuban Democracy Act was of 1992 was explicitly intended to maintain sanctions on Cuba until the government moved toward democratization and greater respect for human rights. Neither of these goals has been achieved with this deal.
The President has yet again damaged Americas ability to use negotiations to make positive changes around the world.
The House of Faith:
The House of Faith in San Angelo works to bring Jesus Christ to children in the community.
I stopped by on Dec. 15th and had a chance to see the wonderful work that they are doing. It brings me joy to see an organization like the House of Faith bringing the message of Christ to young men and women. Our society depends on us being a moral people and religion is the source that morality. If America is to continue to thrive, we must not forsake the valuable lessons that are so often found in our houses of worship.
This is a valuable lesson during this Christmas season.
Tour of the Odessa Salvation Army:
The men and women at the Salvation Army in my hometown of Odessa are doing great work.
All of us have rough times in life.
The measure of a man or woman is how you deal with those rough times and how you get back on your feet.
Joe and Monica Contreras took me on a tour of the Odessa Salvation Army. Specifically, the Salvation Army Angel Tree program provides those in need with gifts. Joe and Monica estimated that they will provide between 700 and 800 presents for children this year.
Christmas in Action:
Those involved in Christmas In Action set an example for all of us. They set an example with their actions that show that being a Christian is much more than just going to church. The seeds of this organization began in 1972 in Midland, Texas. Bobby Trimble was teaching his young men's Sunday School Class at Alamo Heights Baptist Church from James 2:14-17. In paraphrasing he told them, "If you see your neighbor in need of food and clothing, and say to them, God bless you, I will pray for you, and send them on their way, what good does it do." He lesson encouraged the class to step outside the church walls and work on homes of women without husbands in the community. At first the repairs were small, such as repairing gates, furnaces, and evaporative coolers. This ultimately became an incredible organization that does home improvement and repair projects for low-income seniors and households with members with disabilities. As of 2013 they have completed 10,000 projects in Midland alone. They are set to complete more than 300 this year.
Brady FFA Christmas Hay Rides:
This week, the Brady High School FFA Chapter offered hay ride tours to view the Christmas light displays in town. This was an awesome way to see all of the Christmas light displays in Brady, Texas, which is the Heart of Texas.
Mason Punchers and May Tigers:
The Mason High School Punchers played their way into the Class 2A Division I state football championship and
the May High School Tigers Six-man football team played their way into the Class 1A Division 1 State Championship game.
Although both teams were defeated in the championship game, these young men have a lot to be proud of.
Whether it is in athletics, academics, or any other pursuit, the young men and women of the 11th District can hold their own against anyone.
Suzanne and I are very proud of the young men and women in the 11th District.
As always, you can follow me on
Facebook ,
YouTube , and
Twitter .
Sincerely,
Rep. Mike Conaway, 11th District
Click Here
to view this email in your browser
Click Here
to be removed from this list