
If you are having
trouble viewing this message or would like to share it on a social network,
you can
view the message
online .
CONTACT
ABOUT
SERVICES
NEWS
OFFICE
LOCATIONS
Thank you for taking
time to read Senator Corker's newsletter. Recently, weve updated a
number of online platforms we use, including this newsletter, to
connect with Tennesseans in a clear and effective way and keep you updated
on the work Senator Corker is doing in Washington and in the Volunteer
State on your behalf.
We
hope you will also use our
recently redesigned
website
to
contact
us
about issues important to you and your family
and to access some of the many
services
provided by our office. You also can follow us
on
Facebook ,
Twitter
and
Instagram
to stay up to
date.
Still, we know the best way to keep in touch
is to see you in person, which is why Senator Corker travels home to
Tennessee nearly every weekend. We hope youll come see us, too. We
have
six offices
located
across Tennessee. If your travels bring you to Washington, we
encourage you to stop by and say hello or join us at one of our
regular
Tennessee Tuesday
events.
A Thanksgiving to Remember for One Tennessee
Family
Last month, many of you read with interest a story our office shared
about one familys international adoption journey. At the time, Jim and
Mary Ann Sokolowski of Nashville were en route to the Democratic
Republic of Congo (DRC) with hopes of bringing Tris and Cora
the twins
they legally adopted over two years ago
home to Tennessee. They are
one of over 300 families nationwide who have faced adoption challenges
since the DRC suspended the issuance of exit letters in 2013. Senator
Corker has met with several of those families, and our staff continues
to work toward a solution that will bring all of the children home
safely.
We are glad to share that the
Sokolowski family, including Tris and Cora, returned home from the
DRC on Thanksgiving and celebrated their first holiday together in
Nashville as a family.
Click
here
to learn more about the Sokolowskis
journey.
Common Sense Solution Will Help Needed Chickamauga Lock Construction
Move Forward
Last
week, the House of Representatives passed legislation that would provide
$260 million for inland waterways projects across the country over the
next 10 years, which would allow needed construction at Chickamauga
Lock to resume as early as 2016. The fee increase is paid for entirely
by commercial barge companies, which they requested, and does not
affect recreational boaters who will continue to have free passage through
the locks.
This common
sense solution is an important step toward returning to a structure
where our nations transportation system is fully funded by those who use
it, said Corker. I appreciate Senator Alexander, Congressman
Fleischman and Congressman Duncans leadership on this issue, and Im
pleased this measure will help needed construction at Chickamauga Lock move
forward.
Click
here
to learn
more.
Maryville Daily Times (Editorial): Chickamauga Lock repair
prospects boosted by House
Tennessee Marine Stationed in
Washington
Senator
Corker recently met with Captain John Ed Auer of Franklin, who is currently
stationed in Washington, and thanked him for his service to our
country. Captain Auer is currently commander of the Marine Corps Silent
Drill Platoon.
Water for
the World Bill Unanimously Passes
Committee
Senator Corker recently announced committee
passage of
The Paul Simon Water for the World Act of 2014 ,
bipartisan legislation to significantly improve access to clean water and
sanitation around the world without spending new money or creating
new bureaucracy. The bill, which was unanimously approved by committee
members, is sponsored by Corker and Senator Dick Durbin (D-Ill.), and
cosponsored by Senators Chris Coons (D-Del.) and Jeff Flake
(R-Ariz.).
"We need to make every dollar of our limited
foreign aid resources count by addressing problems where we can have a
real impact on people's lives. By focusing our efforts on clean water and
sanitation, we can save lives, improve public health and provide
stability in vulnerable communities throughout the world," said
Corker.
Nearly 750 million people around the world lack
access to clean, safe water and nearly 2.5 billion people lack access to
basic sanitationmany living on less than $2 a day. Rapid
industrialization and population growth continue to put pressure on global water
supplies, particularly in developing nations. Water issues are no
longer isolated problems, but are increasingly linked to regional
tensions, global health, child and maternal mortality, and economic
growth.
Click
here
to
learn more about
The Paul Simon Water for the World Act of
2014 .
In the News
Last Thursday, Senator Corker sat down with Bloombergs Al Hunt to
discuss a number of current foreign policy issues, including Iran
nuclear negotiations, the Wests response to Russian President Vladimir
Putins continued aggression against Ukraine, and the threat the Islamic
State continues to pose in Syria and
beyond.
Click
here
or on the image above to watch the full
interview.
Bloomberg: Corker Signals Caution on Iran Sanctions While
Faulting Obama
Home
|
Privacy Policy
|
Unsubscribe
