DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.0 Transitional//EN" "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml1/DTD/xhtml1-transitional.dtd"
If you are having trouble reading this email,
please view the web version .
114th Congress Kicks Off
On Tuesday, the 114th term of Congress opened up. Republicans control more seats in the U.S. House of Representatives than any time since the 1920s. With 246 seats, we should be able to pass good, conservative solutions through the chamber with ease. Now, for the first time in four years, we dont have to watch good proposals just sit on the shelf. There will be 54 Republicans this year in the Senate and Mitch McConnell will be the leader instead of Democrat Harry Reid. Harry Reid refused to bring much of anything up for a vote, but McConnell has promised to be different. He has stated that he wants the Senate to vote on more bills and to have a more open amendment process.
Keystone XL Bill Approved
This week, the House is taking up legislation to approve the Keystone XL pipeline. The Senate will probably take a bill up next week. It will pass with bipartisan majorities in both chambers, probably 63 votes in the Senate. That puts it short of the 67 that would be needed to overcome the Presidents threatened veto, but one of the administrations objections to the legislation just fell. Today, the Nebraska Supreme Court ruled that the states governor has the authority to approve the pipelines route. That leaves no serious legal challenge to the project. Even if the President vetoes the bill, that may not be the end. We are going to continue pushing for approval and there may be other ways to get the legislation to the Presidents desk and get him to sign it.
Hire More Heroes Act to Help Veterans
Another bill passed in the first week was the Hire More Heroes Act, H.R. 22, a bill to make it easier for small businesses to hire veterans. The new Obamacare employer mandate requires that any business with at least 50 full-time employees has to offer health insurance, even if many of its workers are already covered. Nine million veterans have care through the Department of Veterans Affairs. If a small business were to hire one of these veterans and go over the Obamacare threshold, they could incur new costs that would probably make them rethink expanding payroll. The bill would make sure that hiring veterans would not put a business over the limit. It passed the House with no objection and should be up in the Senate soon.
Restoring the 40 Hour Work Week
Another measure to undo consequences of Obamacare is the Save American Workers Act, H.R. 30. This bill would do away with the 30-hour work week for part-time workers created by the law. Forty hours used to be the line between part-time and full-time, but Obamacare drastically reduced that threshold, leading many workers to see their hours severely limited. A similar measure introduced in the Senate last year had several Democratic co-sponsors. Hopefully, there will be enough support to send it to the President, despite yet another veto threat.
Op-ed of the Week: Starting Off the Year Right
The 114th session of Congress has begun. The House immediately went to work passing bills to help American workers, veterans and improve our energy security. Its a strong start, but we need to keep that momentum going through the year.
READ MORE
Facebook
Podcast
Tell Joe Your Opinion
Issues
The 16th District
Ask Joe For Help
The Government
Legislation
Press
About Joe Pitts
Photo Gallery
Please feel free to
forward this email to your friends and family .
Recent Videos
The Tenth Amendment
Rep. Pitts reads the Tenth Amendment as part of the House reading of the U.S. Constitution.
Obamacare and the "Stupidity" of the American Voter
Rep. Pitts highlights remarks from an Obamacare architect who bragged about the law's lack of transparency.
Washington, D.C. Office
420 Cannon House Office Building
Washington, DC 20515
(1st Street and Independence Avenue)
202-225-2411
202-225-2013 (fax)
Chester County Office
Post Office Box 837
Unionville, PA 19375
(Routes 82 and 926)
610-444-4581
610-444-5750 (fax)
Lancaster Office
150 North Queen Street
Suite 716 (7th floor)
Lancaster, PA 17603
717-393-0667
717-393-0924 (fax)
Click Here Click Here