
For Immediate Release
Contact: Lorenz Isidro
Thursday July 4, 1776
(202) 725-6807
From the Desk of Congressman Kurt Schrader
Dear Friends
Happy New Year!
This week, Congress officially began the 114 th
Congress, and I am looking forward to continuing to serve the people of Oregons 5 th
Congressional District.
In this new Congress, Im hopeful that our Congressional leaders feel empowered to end the gridlock and work together to finally get some things done.
For my part, this new Congress is bringing about several changes that will have a real impact on the 5 th
District.
I was recently assigned to serve on the exclusive House Committee on Energy and Commerce.
Roughly 70 percent of all legislation in the House of Representatives passes through this Committee.
With this new assignment, my tenure on the Small Business, Agriculture, and Budget Committees comes to an end.
While I wont be on these committees, I will continue to pay special attention to the issues weve fought for over the years.
My new committee assignment gives me the opportunity to influence some of the most important legislation well vote on at a very early stage in the process.
In addition to serving on a new committee, I will also continue to serve as a leader of the No Labels Problem Solvers, a large group of Republicans and Democrats who are committed to finding common ground and ending the gridlock in Washington.
We ended 2014 with so many accomplishments for the 5 th
District and the State of Oregon.
In December, by building a broad coalition of support, we successfully passed legislation that keeps the U.S. Coast Guards search and rescue helicopter in Newport.
As a member of the Farm Bill Conference Committee, we passed a farm bill that will reap rewards for Oregons agriculture for years to come and will save taxpayers an estimated $23 billion.
We also broke ground on the Aurora airport tower and passed bipartisan flood insurance reform to prevent unaffordable premium hikes for Oregonians.
These are just some of our accomplishments, and I am confident we can have the same record this year with your help. Please stay in touch if I can help out.
Follow me on
Facebook
and
Twitter
to stay up to date on the work Im doing, and please forward this message to family and friends and encourage them to subscribe.
I look forward to seeing you around the district and to continuing to serve Oregon for the next two years.
Sincerely,
Kurt Schrader
Member of Congress
Like Us On Facebook
Follow Us On Twitter
NOTE: Please DO NOT respond to this email as this inbox is unattended. To contact my office please
click here
UPDATE SUBSCRIPTION OPTIONS
|
PRIVACY POLICY
|
CONTACT US
Click Here Click Here