
In last night&rsquo;s State of the Union address, President Obama proposed a set of policies that will move our country forward -- policies that working
Friend -- In last night&rsquo;s State of the Union address, President Obama proposed a set of policies that will move our country forward -- policies that working families
need .
But not so fast: The GOP is already trying to shoot the President down , refusing to even consider his proposals. Instead, they spent their first week in control of Congress trying to undermine Social Security benefits and Obamacare -- and if they succeed, it would be absolutely devastating to millions of Americans.
The President and Democrats need you in this moment.
You&rsquo;ve been such a great supporter in the past, and you clearly understand the importance of strong Democratic policies and candidates. But we noticed that your DSCC membership has expired.
Will you stand with President Obama and Democrats by renewing your membership by midnight tonight?
DSCC Membership Status:
pending
2015 Membership Rate:
$25
(renew membership now)
A more equitable taxation plan. Expanded access to community college. Raising the minimum wage and ensuring that workers can take care of their families.
We can implement the President&rsquo;s hopeful vision for America, but only with your help.
Will you say you&rsquo;re on board by renewing your DSCC membership by midnight tonight?
Thank you for helping us fight for a brighter future!
Democratic Victory
Democratic Senatorial Campaign Committee
P.O. Box 96047
Washington, DC 20090
Paid for by the Democratic Senatorial Campaign Committee, dscc.org,
and not authorized by any candidate or candidate&#39;s committee.
The DSCC is the only organization solely dedicated to supporting Democrats in the U.S. Senate. This message was sent to dj724530@gmail.com because you are a part of the DSCC&rsquo;s grassroots network. Please add us to your address book or approved senders list to make sure you keep receiving DSCC updates.
Emails are a critical way for us to stay in touch with our grassroots supporters. 99% of the DSCC&rsquo;s contributions come from grassroots donors giving less than $200. We also strive to keep you updated on issues related to the Democratic Party&rsquo;s values.
If you&rsquo;d like to stop receiving emails related to this campaign, please
click here .
If you&#39;d like to make a contribution to support us, please
click here . We are already beginning to prepare for the fight ahead &ndash; reclaiming the majority in 2016. It will take every single grassroots supporter, but we know it&rsquo;s possible with your help. If you&rsquo;d like to stop receiving all emails from the DSCC, please
unsubscribe . We greatly appreciate your continued support.
Contributions or gifts to the DSCC are not tax deductible.
