Copyright (c) 1996-2015 Constant Contact. All rights reserved.
Except as permitted under a separate
written agreement with Constant Contact, neither the Constant Contact software, nor any content that appears on any Constant Contact site,
including but not limited to, web pages, newsletters, or templates may be reproduced, republished, repurposed, or distributed without the
prior written permission of Constant Contact.
For inquiries regarding reproduction or distribution of any Constant Contact material, please
contact legal@constantcontact.com.
Mike Kelly's Weekly E-Newsletter
January 23, 2015
Follow me on Twitter!
Visit my YouTube page!
Click here to subscribe to my weekly
E-newsletter
My Offices
ERIE DISTRICT OFFICE 208 E. Bayfront Parkway Suite 102 Erie, PA 16507 Phone: (814) 454-8190 Fax: (814) 454-8197
BUTLER DISTRICT OFFICE
101 East Diamond St Suite 218 Butler, PA
16001 Phone: (724) 282-2557
Fax: (724) 282-3682
SHARON DISTRICT OFFICE
33 Chestnut Street Sharon, PA
16146 Phone: (724) 342-7170 Fax: (724) 342-7242
WASHINGTON, DC OFFICE
1519 Longworth HOB Washington, DC 20515 Phone: (202) 225-5406 Fax: (202) 225-3103
CRAWFORD COUNTY OFFICE Every Wednesday 9:00 a.m. - 4:00 p.m. 908 Diamond Park Meadville, PA 16335
ARMSTRONG COUNTY OFFICE
Every Thursday 9:00 a.m. - 4:00 p.m. 300 South McKean Street Kittanning, PA 16201
LAWRENCE COUNTY
Every Friday 9:00 a.m. - 4: 00 p.m. Lawrence County Courthouse 430 Court Street New Castle, PA
16101
Dear Friend,
This week I was proud to co-sponsor the introduction of the Wild Game Donation Act ( H.R. 461 ) along with my colleague Rep. Don Young of Alaska and 27 other bipartisan co-sponsors.
Right now there are more than 46 million Americans relying on food banks each year, including 1.8 million Pennsylvanians, along with an ever-increasing demand for food by food-based charities. In Western Pennsylvania and across America, countless hunters are ready to donate their game to those in need. After all, hunting for food is as old an American tradition as helping our fellow citizens. It just makes sense to encourage those who hunt to help those who hunger and to make it as safe and easy as possible.
The Wild Game Donation Act will achieve the following:
Make hunters who donate meat to food-based charities
eligible for a tax deduction for the processing cost of their wild game.
Provide a tax deduction for processors who take part
in charitable donation programs.
Protect against the use of spoiled meat for
charitable contributions.
This commonsense legislation is anti-hunger, pro-hunter, and pro-helping Americans, and is supported by more than 60 respected organizations including Feeding America, the Safari Club, and the National Rifle Association.
Sincerely,
Rep. Kelly Champions Importance of Defending Life
House passes bipartisan bill to end
taxpayer funding of abortion on
42nd Anniversary of Roe v. Wade
WATCH HERE
Rep. Kelly -- a member of the House Ways and Means Committee -- spoke on the floor of the House of Representatives on Thursday in support of H.R. 7 ,
the No Taxpayer Funding for Abortion and Abortion Insurance Full Disclosure Act of 2015 , which was passed by the House that afternoon by a bipartisan vote of 242-179.
Highlight's of Rep. Kelly's remarks:
"The real debate on the floor today is about life. We are talking about life in the People's House, on the floor of the People's House. We are talking about a gift from God. We're talking about something that was so well put into our Declaration of Independence. I'm talking about life, liberty, and the pursuit of happiness-the first of those being life."
"I understand that there is a serious debate... but expectant mothers and unborn children have got to be protected. In our own country, we have turned a blind eye and a deaf ear to the loss of 56 million unborn children. These are lives that were lost that did not have to be lost. ... It may be legal, but I don't think it's right. ... How we have demeaned this and reduced it down to a political discussion is absolutely abhorrent. Never... never has this country turned its back on the most vulnerable."
"I have been there for the birth of my four children. I have ten grandchildren now. I have also held the hands of my mother, my father, and my sister as they died. There is nothing more precious than life. There is just nothing more precious than that. I ask all my colleagues to vote in favor of H.R. 7. Answer the American people who say, 'We do not want to fund abortion.' End this debate, and let's move forward."
NOTE:
Rep. Kelly participated in
the 2015 March for Life
held on Thursday in Washington, DC, and co-hosted a special reception in the Russell Senate Office Building for attendees from Pennsylvania with Sen. Pat Toomey (R-PA) and fellow members of the Pennsylvania congressional delegation.
MESSAGE FROM REP. KELLY:
As you can see from the photos above, we were blessed with a beautiful day for yesterday's March for Life in our nation's capital! Every day is a great
day to stand up for the lives of our most vulnerable children, including the unborn. I thank
and congratulate everyone from Western Pennsylvania who traveled to
Washington for the rally to show their support for the cause, and was honored to be there with you. God
bless!
Rep. Kelly Responds to
State of the Union Address
Rep. Kelly
issued the following statement on Tuesday evening in response to President Obama's 2015 State of the Union Address.
"Tonight President Obama had a real opportunity to join America's new Congress on common ground and commit to working with us on serious solutions that most Americans want. Unfortunately, the president blew this opportunity. Instead of addressing the members of Congress that sat in front of him, he seemed to be addressing a Congress that no longer exists. While the president certainly spoke loud and clear, he seemed to forget how America spoke last November.
"Last year, after President Obama
rightly claimed
that his policies were 'on the ballot,' the American people overwhelmingly rejected those policies by ending his party's control of the Senate. After six years of the Obama administration's failed, out-of-touch leadership, Americans elected a new Congress that shares their top priorities: making the economy stronger and paving the way for new jobs with better pay for hardworking families and individuals. Sadly, the proposals in tonight's speech ignore those priorities and represent a step backward. Simply put, America did not elect this new unified Congress to raise taxes or give more power to Washington.
"In particular, President Obama's 'plan' to increase taxes by $320 billion is both unrealistic and unserious. If he were truly serious about this idea, then he would have proposed it during his first six years in office, especially when his party controlled both chambers of Congress. Instead of higher taxes and an inevitably slower economy, hardworking Americans deserve commonsense, pro-growth tax reform that makes our nation's tax code fairer and simpler with lower rates. My colleagues and I on the Ways and Means committee are already at the table, ready to work with the president to get there.
"Going forward, Americans expect the president to work with Congress as it is, not as he wishes it to be, and to put the nation's priorities ahead of scoring political points with his base. He can begin by supporting
the
popular ,
bipartisan
pieces
of
legislation
already passed by the House - and eventually the Senate - that will improve economic opportunities for the families and individuals who need them most."
NOTE:
According to the most recent
Department of Labor unemployment report , 8.7 million Americans remain out of work. The unemployment rate for those without jobs and those involuntarily working part-time stands at 11.2 percent. The national labor force participation rate has fallen to 62.7 percent, the lowest level since 1978, which means 92.8 million Americans are currently out of the workforce.
Forward this email This email was sent to dj724530@gmail.com by
thomas.qualtere@mail.house.gov
|
Update Profile/Email Address
|
Rapid removal with
SafeUnsubscribe &trade;
|
Privacy Policy . The Office of Representative Mike Kelly
|
1519 Longworth House Office Building
|
Washington
|
DC
|
20515
