
Tuesday, December 16, 2014
WEBSITE
|
FORWARD TO A FRIEND
| SHARE ON:
Combating Anti-Semitism Across Our Global Community
When night falls tonight, we are reminded of the Maccabees' heroic actions and incredible resistance to maintain the Jewish culture and way of life in the face of persecution.
While we celebrate Hanukkah these next eight nights, we must also remember that this fight against persecution and hatred continues still today.
Despite little agreement between both parties in Washington currently, I have been proud to see continued bipartisan efforts to take action against the troubling rise in global anti-Semitism.
But unfortunately, with anti-Semitic violence continuing to increase, the U.S. leading by example is not enough.
Rep. Murphy hand-delivered the letter signed by 88 Members of Congress that he led urging the UN to take decisive action against anti-Semitism to
Charles Radcliffe, head of the global issues section of
the UN Office of the High Commissioner for Human Rights (OHCHR) , and Leonardo SC Castilho, Human Rights Officer with OHCHR.
That is why I led over 80 of my colleagues from both sides of the aisle to urge the United Nations (UN) to take decisive action against anti-Semitic rhetoric and attacks taking place globally, and I was proud to hand-deliver this letter to the UN today.
(Click here to read the letter and watch Rep. Murphy's remarks on the House floor regarding the urgent need for the UN to join the U.S. in combating global anti-Semitism).
It is beyond troubling that these hateful actions are taking place in Member States of the UN. The UN must join the United States in taking actions to encourage other nations to become global partners in combating anti-Semitism, which poses a severe threat to international peace and security.
The UN can stem the surge of anti-Semitism through a variety of methods, including raising awareness of the global prevalence of anti-Semitic attitudes.
The UN should urge the adoption, implementation, and enforcement of strong hate crime laws, which demonstrate that a society will not tolerate unlawful actions motivated by bigotry.
The UN should also encourage countries to expand education on diversity and tolerance because it is crucial that children are brought up in an atmosphere of tolerance and taught the significance of including individuals with other backgrounds and religious beliefs. Additionally, the UN must encourage heads of state to forcefully speak out about the dangers of anti-Semitism, which creates an environment in which violence and escalating tensions can grow and impact all ethnic, religious, and other minority groups.
I hope to see the UN continue denouncing anti-Semitism and taking decisive actions in Member States to halt these anti-Semitic demonstrations.
Only by working together
across party lines and across the globe
can we successfully eradicate such hate in our world.
NOTE: Please DO NOT respond to this email as this inbox is unattended. To contact my office please
click here
UPDATE SUBSCRIPTION OPTIONS
|
PRIVACY POLICY
|
CONTACT US
Click Here Click Here