
If you are having trouble viewing
this message or would like to share it on a social network, you can
view the message
online .
Home
Contact Me
About
Services
News
Issues
January 25, 2015
Dear
David,
It was a busy week as the President spoke to Congress and the
nation in his annual State of the Union address on Tuesday evening.
Joining me as
my guest was Minneapolis Police Sergeant
Grant Snyder . Grant is a leader in the law enforcement community in
the fight against sex trafficking and it was great having him out in
Washington where I'm working to protect victims of this horrific
crime.
In his speech, the President outlined several areas where
he hoped to work together with Congress, such as new trade agreements
for more exports and American jobs, as well as tax reform. I also
outlined several opportunities where I think both parties can work
together in a recent
guest column in the Eden Prairie
News .
This week I visited Heritage Christian Academy in
Maple Grove and Sunset Hills Elementary in Plymouth. It's great
interacting with students and meeting some hardworking teachers.
Have
a great week and if I can be of help to you or your family, please
give my office a call. Join the conversation online by visiting my
website ,
Facebook page ,
Twitter , and make sure to watch my most recent video,
Erik's Correspondence Corner .
Sincerely,
Erik
Paulsen
Member of Congress
Honoring an American Hero
This week I helped put together a
special presentation of the French 'Legion of Honor' award for
Eden Prairie resident William "Bud" Schwartz . The
Legion of Honor is the highest distinction awarded by the French
government, and very few Americans are bestowed such an honor.
In fact,
Bud now joins famous leaders like Dwight Eisenhower, Douglas
MacArthur, and George Patton in receiving this award.
Bud served in
World War II fighting in multiple theaters in Africa and Europe,
including the liberation of France. In all, he spent 31 months
overseas defending the United States and our allies, earning 4 Bronze Stars.
I worked with the French government and the Hopkins VFW to help Bud
receive this special recognition.
Watch the television news
coverage on
KSTP
and
KARE
to see Bud receive his award.
Another
Step to Save Victims of Sex Trafficking
My legislation to
protect victims of sex trafficking, the
Stop Exploitation Through
Trafficking Act , was
approved by the Judiciary
Committee
and will be voted on by the House of Represenatives next
week. It encourages states to adopt 'safe harbor' laws -- like we have
in Minnesota -- and treat children involved in human trafficking as
victims, not criminals. With over 100,000 young girls annually at risk
of being sexually exploited, it's important to bring victims out of the
shadows to get them the services they need and allow law enforcement
to bring traffickers to justice.
Helping
Volunteer Firefighters and EMTs
The House of
Representatives passed, and I voted in favor of, legislation that protects
volunteer firefighters and EMTs from reduced hours due to mandates in the
President's health care law. The
Protecting Volunteer Firefighters
and Emergency Responders Act , which passed unanimously, exempts
volunteers from the employer mandate. Despite many volunteer firefighters
and EMTs holding other jobs that offer health care, smaller
departments are having to cut hours to stay under the employer mandate
threshold. With many small towns and communities relying on volunteer forces,
limited hours could slow response times to emergency
calls.
Eden Prairie resident Bud
Schwartz receiving the French 'Legion of Honor' award for his service in WW
II.
Erik with his guest to the State of the Union, Minneapolis
Police Sergeant Grant
Snyder.
Congressman Paulsen on stage at a discussion
about trade opportunities with
Europe.
Erik takes a "Selfie" with students from Plymouth's Providence Academy
that were visiting Washington,
D.C.
###
Unsubscribe
|
Update My Profile
|
Privacy
Policy
