
If you are having trouble viewing this message or would like to share
it on a social network, you can
view the message online .
Website
About David
Contact
Serving
You
Media
Center
Legislative Work
District
January 23, 2015
The State of the Union: We
Deserve Better
Tuesday evening, President Obama
addressed America and delivered a misleading outlook about our economy
and what our governments priorities should be in his
State of the Union address . His priorities, like raising taxes,
have no chance of being adopted and merely serve to divide the
nation.
Americans deserve better. They simply want government to
be more efficient, effective, and accountable.
In
our first two weeks, the House has passed five major, bipartisan pieces
of legislation . These are common-sense solutions to improve
economic opportunity, such as approving the Keystone XL Pipeline,
streamlining regulations, and restoring the 40-hour work week, which was
undercut by Obamacare, yet the President has issued veto threats to all of
these.
The new American Congress will continue to work
our constituents. The President can go on blocking jobs bills,
threatening vetoes, and causing gridlock. In the meantime, well get to work
for the people who sent us here
the hard-working taxpayers who deserve
better than what they have experienced in the last six
years.
For the State of the Union
I was joined by my
guest Larry Gore, a coal miner from Fairmont, WV who works at the Leer
Mine in Grafton . Mr. Gore was invited to highlight the vital role
coal miners play in powering Americas economy
a role too often under
attack during this Presidents war on coal.
Full video of
my remarks responding to the President's speech can be viewed
here .
Getting
Certainty on Coal Ash Regulations
The
House Energy and Commerce Committee held a hearing on coal ash
regulations this week , an issue we have been working on over the
past four years.
The Environmental Protection Agency (EPA)
recently finalized a regulation in December that designates coal ash as a
non-hazardous material, but leaves open future changes that could
negatively impact job creators.
We need clarity for
businesses and workers, thats why I have lead legislation to address
coal ash regulations .
In the 112 th
and
113 th
Congresses this legislation passed the House of
Representatives with bipartisan support and I plan to introduce similar legislation
in the coming months.
The EPAs regulation is unacceptable
because it provides no assurances to the business community and
perpetuates uncertainty.
Amazingly, when questioned during the
hearing,
even EPA Assistant Administrator Mathy Stanislaus
would not say to me if coal ash is a hazardous material , which
creates even more ambiguity. Common-sense legislation is required to
correct this and create
certainty.
No Taxpayer Funding for Abortions
Obamacare
was sold to the American people under false pretenses
that it would
not directly fund abortions. Just like you can keep your doctor and
keep your plan, President Obama misled the American people about
abortion funding.
Yesterday, on the 42nd anniversary of the
Supreme Court's
Roe v Wade
decision,
the House
passed a bipartisan bill that would permanently end taxpayer funding of
abortion.
For decades the Hyde Amendment has protected taxpayers
from directly funding elective abortion, and today's bill would make
the Hyde Amendment permanent law. It will also end the loopholes in
Obamacare that are providing funding through taxpayer dollars.
Along with Senator Capito and the rest of the
West Virginia Delegation, I was eager
to welcome
visitors from West Virginians for Life to Washington, DC, as they
participated in the March for Life.
It is encouraging to see so many make
the trek and stand out in the cold to celebrate the gift of life. A
special thanks to you all, especially Karen Cross and Wanda
Franz.
Streamlining Natural Gas Pipeline
Permitting
West Virginia is blessed with an
abundance of natural gas, but in order to fully benefit, there needs to be
infrastructure in place. Thats why I voted for
H.R.
161, the Natural Gas Pipeline Permitting Reform Act , to
streamline permitting for natural gas pipelines, which will create jobs and
help promote American energy independence.
The United States
requires thousands of miles of pipeline to carry new supplies of
natural gas. If pipelines are approved in a timely manner,
West Virginians would benefit from construction and manufacturing
jobs, like the proposed cracker facility in Wood
County.
Weve already seen some benefits to jobs and economic growth due to the
Marcellus Shale. However, there is potential for much greater,
longer-term growth if we can build the necessary
infrastructure.
Planning a Trip to
Washington?
Visiting Washington is an exciting and educational
experience. My door is always open, so please doesnt hesitate to stop by
my office. In addition,
my staff can serve as a
resource to you in booking tours for your trip.
If
you want an appointment just give my office a call at 202-225-4172, or
submit a request on my website at
www.mckinley.house.gov .
What do you think? What is the biggest threat facing
America's future? Terrorism National
Debt Climate
Change Other *By answering
this survey, you are subscribing to my newsletter. If you are
having trouble, click here. Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Survey Results Do you think Congress or the President should be in charge of
immigration reform? Answer Total Congress 83.22% President 10.91% Other/Don't
Know
5.87%
Washington, DC
412 Cannon HOB |
Washington, DC
20515
Phone:
(202) 225-4172 |
Fax: (202) 225-7564
Morgantown
709 Beechurst Ave.
Suite
29
Morgantown, WV 26505
Phone: 304.284.8506
Wheeling
Horne
Building
1100 Main Street, Suite 101
Wheeling, WV 26003
Phone:
(304) 232-3801
Fax: 304-232-3813
Parkersburg
Federal Building
425
Juliana Street
Suite 1004
Parkersburg, WV 26101
Phone: (304)
422-5972
Unsubscribe
|
Update My Profile
|
Privacy
Policy
gateway mail end 