
Friday December 12, 2014
SHARE ON:
House Votes to Fund Government, Senate Passes Walberg Legislation
Yesterday, the House voted to prevent a government shutdown while enacting permanent spending reductions and major policy accomplishments. The legislation clears a path for the new Congress to directly challenge the president's unconstitutional executive amnesty by only funding the Department of Homeland Security until February 27th.
Although this bill is far from perfect, I voted to take this step forward because of the significant policy accomplishments it achieved in addition representing the right strategy to move our country forward.
I have heard from many of you concerned about EPA overreach, IRS intimidation, and the continued negative effects of the health care law. This bill will bring accountability to those agencies, as it cuts $350 million in funding for the Internal Revenue Service and prohibits the agency from targeting groups based on their political and religious beliefs. It also prohibits several harmful environmental regulations, including the proposed regulation of puddles and ditches on farms.
We also attained positive victories for people in Michigan, including $2.5 billion for processing VA disability claims to end the backlog, a pay raise for the troops, and funding to continue the fight against Ebola.
All of this was accomplished while saving taxpayers $2.1 trillion and dropping discretionary spending levels to the lowest level in nearly a decade.
As this Congress comes to a close, I look forward to working with a new Congress and will remain committed to getting Washington working in an accountable manner and continue to support policies the rein in wasteful government spending, grow a healthy economy and create jobs.
Weekly Update :
Questioned Obamacare Architect Jonathan Gruber about his role in misleading the American people to pass the presidents health care law.
You can view my questions
here .
The Senate passed my legislation to honor fallen Jackson Police Officer James Bonneau by renaming the Jackson post office after this fallen hero.
The bill now awaits the Presidents signature before becoming law.
In the News:
Detroit News |
Walberg Pushes Gruber
Fox News |
Gruber: I Knew People Were Going to Lose Their Health Plans
WORLD News |
Gruber: Im embarrassed and Im sorry
WTVB |
7 th
District Congressman Tim Walberg votes in favor of funding measure
VIDEO |
Walberg Questions Obamacare Architect Gruber about Transparency Failures
Need to Know:
Please visit my
website
for a full record of my votes.
For even more information, please follow me on
Facebook
and
Twitter.
NOTE: Please DO NOT respond to this email as this inbox is unattended. To contact my office please
click here
UPDATE SUBSCRIPTION OPTIONS
|
PRIVACY POLICY
|
CONTACT US
Click Here Click Here