
HOME
|
BIOGRAPHY
|
CONTACT US
|
CONSTITUENT SERVICES
|
ISSUES &amp; LEGISLATION
|
NEWSROOM
Friday Jan. 9, 2015
WEBSITE
|
FORWARD TO A FRIEND
| SHARE ON:
Blaine's Bulletin
With the 114 th
Congress officially underway, the first week was a good indication of House Republicans commitment to Americans that we are focused on creating jobs, dismantling the presidents health-care law, and keeping our nations gas prices low.
The very first bill the House voted on this Congress was the Hire More Heroes Act which passed with a vote of 412-0.
I was excited to vote for this bill for a couple of reasons. First, it would incentivize small businesses to hire veterans by exempting veterans who already receive health insurance through the Department of Veterans Affairs or reservists covered under TRICARE from being counted towards the number of employees required by the employer mandate under the Affordable Care Act. Remember, a caveat in the employer mandate is a requirement that all businesses with more than 50 full-time employees provide health insurance to their employees or pay a fee. This bill would ensure that small businesses are able to expand and grow without being penalized under the health-care law.
In keeping theme with jobs and health-care, the House also passed the Save American Workers Act. I was proud to be an original cosponsor of this legislation that would repeal the 30-hour definition of full-time employment in the presidents health-care law. I have talked with many employees who have seen their hours get cut and their full-time jobs suddenly become part-time jobs. This legislation would put back in place the original 40-hour work week that so many Americans depend on to pay the bills and care for their families.
Lastly, the House took action for the ninth time to start construction on the Keystone XL pipeline. You and I both know that construction of the Keystone pipeline would bring much needed jobs to Americans and the reduction of our dependence on foreign oil would jump-start our economy.
The House and Senate are committed to working on real solutions to better Americans while the administration is still the party of no. And that is made clear with the veto threat that was issued regarding the Save American Workers Act and the Keystone pipeline
regardless of the fact that an overwhelming percentage of Americans are supportive of these policies. This is just the first indication the administration is not listening to you and your priorities as Americans.
In addition, the House of Representatives reconvened and had a roll call vote to formally vote on the 114 th
Speaker of the House. I heard from several of you requesting that I should not vote for Speaker John Boehner and instead cast my vote for someone else. I understand and share your frustration with the lack of productivity of Congress, Harry Reids Senate and Barack Obamas White House have been real obstacles to us accomplishing our goals. In November, the Republican Conference met to nominate a Speaker of the House. That day, there wasnt a single House member that stepped forward to run for the job except for Rep. Boehner and he was unanimously nominated by Republicans to run against the Democratic nominee for Speaker, Nancy Pelosi. Fast forward to January and during a day when House Republicans should have been celebrating the historic majority and having a Republican Senate to work with, it was a day of theatrics and distractions. At the end of the day, Rep. Boehner received 216 votes for Speaker, including the votes of the vast majority of conservative House Members. Now that Republicans control both the House and the Senate, we need to stand united to confront the president and his policies together.
With the first week of the 114 th
Congress complete, I am ready to continue working on tax reform, balancing the budget, and repealing and putting real solutions to replace the presidents health-care law, and fighting against Operation Choke Point
and thats just scratching at the surface. Welcome to Americas new Congress, now lets build upon this first week of work.
CONTACT US:
As always, for those of you with Internet access, I encourage you to visit my official
website . For those without access to the Internet, I encourage you to call my offices in Jefferson City (573-635-7232) Washington, Mo. (636-239-2276), or Wentzville (636-327-7055) with your questions and concerns. If you want even greater access to what I am working on, please visit my
YouTube site ,
Facebook page , and keep up-to-date with
Twitter
and Instagram.
NOTE: Please DO NOT respond to this email as this inbox is unattended. To contact my office please
click here
WASHINGTON, DC OFFICE
2440 Rayburn HOB
Washington, DC 20515
Phone:
(202) 225-2956
Fax:
(202) 225-5712
JEFFERSON CITY, MO OFFICE
2117 Missouri Boulevard
Jefferson City, MO 65109
Phone:
(573) 635-7232
Fax:
(573) 635-8347
WENTZVILLE, MO OFFICE
113 E. Pearce Boulevard
Wentzville, MO 63385
Phone:
(636) 327-7055
WASHINGTON, MO OFFICE
516 Jefferson St.
Washington, MO 63090
Phone:
(636) 239-2276
Fax:
(636) 239-0478
UPDATE SUBSCRIPTION OPTIONS
|
PRIVACY POLICY
|
CONTACT US
Click Here Click Here