
If you are having trouble viewing this E-newsletter,
click here . To unsubscribe from these mailings,
click here .
December 22, 2014
To instantly unsubscribe from these mailings, please click here .
I want to hear from you!
Share your thoughts:
*250 character limit. By clicking submit you are agreeing to receive my email updates.
Having trouble viewing this email? Click here .
Dear Friends,
As 2014 comes to an end, I am writing to highlight some things in Congress and our community that I hope you will find helpful.
1.
Federal Funding for Critical Programs
2.
U.S.-Cuba Relations
3.
Military Sexual Assault
4.
Connecticut Events and Announcements
Federal Funding for Critical Programs
Earlier this month, Congress passed legislation to fund the government through the 2015 fiscal year.
While there are some positive aspects to this bill, the resources provided are not adequate to address the wide range of challenges facing middle-class families every day.
Not only does this bill fail to keep up with inflation, it continues to underfund some of our nation&rsquo;s highest priorities: education, health care, medical research, and job training.
We can and must do better by American families.
I did not support this bill because in addition to shortchanging critical programs, there were other significant areas of concern:
The Department of Homeland Security is only funded for nine weeks.
It is irresponsible to risk border security, impede the Secret Service, and reduce our ability to respond to natural disasters because of an immigration disagreement.
The bill would reverse Dodd-Frank safeguards by allowing banks that are insured by the American taxpayer to engage in some of Wall Street&rsquo;s riskiest transactions&mdash;the same transactions that caused the crisis in which millions of hard working Americans lost their jobs, their homes and their savings.
This bill threatens injustice to millions of seniors by allowing pension funds to reduce benefits to current retirees.
The bill seeks to overturn some of the last remaining campaign finance laws by increasing the amount of money a single individual can give to a political party.
U.S-Cuba Relations
The President&rsquo;s historic move to normalize U.S.-Cuba relations has my full support. This ground-breaking shift in policy will reestablish diplomatic relations, increase economic activity, and advance shared humanitarian interests. Now, Congress must build upon the important first steps taken by the President and act to end the embargo that has been detrimental to both nations for far too long.
I am also pleased to see the release of Alan Gross from Cuban custody after five years. As a member of the bipartisan Cuban Working Group, it was an honor to meet Mr. Gross earlier this year. I wish him a speedy recovery and all the best as he readjusts to normal life in the U.S. with his wife and family.
Supporting Victims of Sexual Assault in the Military
This month, I led a group of 45 members of the House of Representatives urging President Obama to improve the standards used by the U.S. Department of Veterans Affairs when dealing with military sexual trauma (MST)-related Post Traumatic Stress Disorder (PTSD) compensation claims.
Sexual assault and harassment are serious problems in the United States armed forces that threaten the strength, readiness, and morale of the military, undermine national security, and have devastating personal effects on survivors and their families. The evidence clearly shows that veterans who survive in-service sexual trauma also face discrimination when seeking compensation. Congress, the Administration and the VA must work together to end this practice and right this wrong.
The letter can be read in its entirety
here .
Connecticut Events and Announcements
Healthcare Open Enroll Continues
Connecticut residents can visit
accesshealthct.com , visit one of the enrollment centers in New Britain or New Haven, visit a Community Enrollment Partner, go through a licensed insurance broker, or call 1855805-HEALTH (4325) to look at their private insurance options or find out if they are eligible for Medicaid.
Open enrollment season for 2015 began in November and continues through February 15 for coverage beginning in February or March.
United Way
Congresswoman DeLauro joined Senators Richard Blumenthal and Chris Murphy, and New Haven and United Way officials at the Ikea Holiday Lounge to discuss ways communities can end homelessness.
It was an honor to join United Way of Greater New Haven and discuss ways in which we can all work to end homelessness in Connecticut and across the nation
Happy Holidays and Happy New Year
As this year comes to a close, I would like to extend my warmest wishes to you and your family during this festive holiday season. Happy New Year!
Keep in Touch
Follow me on
Facebook ,
Twitter , and
YouTube
to find out more about what is happening in Congress and at home in Connecticut.
Sincerely,
Rosa DeLauro
Bill Search
|
Constituent Services
Washington, DC
2413 Rayburn HOB
Washington, D.C. 20515
Phone: (202) 225-3661
District Office
59 Elm St.
New Haven, CT, 06510
Phone: (203) 562-3718
Click Here
to be removed from this list
