
RAND'S NEWSLETTER UPDATE
JANUARY 30, 2015
Please allow me to update you on this week's happenings in Washington, D.C.
Dr. Rand Paul Proposes an Audit of the Federal Reserve
This week, I reintroduced the bipartisan Federal Reserve Transparency Act of 2015. Known widely as "Audit the Fed," this bill calls to eliminate restrictions on Government Accountability Office (GAO) audits of the Federal Reserve and mandates that the Federal Reserve's credit facilities, securities purchases, and quantitative easing activities would be subject to Congressional oversight.
A complete and thorough audit of the Fed will finally allow the American people to know exactly how their money is being spent by Washington. The Fed currently operates under a cloak of secrecy and it has gone on for too long. The American people have a right to know what the Federal Reserve is doing with our nation's money supply. The time to act is now.
Click
HERE
to read the 'Audit the Fed' bill in its entirety.
Dr. Rand Paul Introduces the FAIR Act
On Tuesday, I reintroduced S. 255, the FAIR (Fifth Amendment Integrity Restoration) Act. This bipartisan legislation would protect the rights of property owners and restore the Fifth Amendment's role in property proceedings.
The federal government has made it far too easy for government agencies to take and profit from the property of those who have not been convicted of a crime. The FAIR Act will ensure that government agencies no longer profit from taking the property of U.S. citizens without due process, while maintaining the ability of courts to order the surrender of proceeds of crime. I will continue to do all I can to protect the rights of Americans and ensure that their Fifth Amendment rights are no longer infringed upon.
(Dr. Rand Paul joins colleagues at FAIR Act press conference- Tuesday, January 27, 2015)
Click
HERE
to read the FAIR Act legislation text.
Dr. Rand Paul and Sen. Jeff Flake Issue Letter of Support for U.S.-Cuba Policy Reform
I joined Senator Jeff Flake in issuing a letter backed by seven Republican senators to President Barack Obama affirming our commitment to work to expand trade and travel between the United States and Cuba. The letter - also signed by U.S. Sens. Pat Roberts (R-KS), Jerry Moran (R-KS), Mike Enzi (R-WY), John Boozman (R-AR), and Susan Collins (R-ME) - marks the public emergence of a coalition of GOP senators intent on ensuring Congress plays an integral role in reforming and modernizing U.S.-Cuba policy.
Our hope is that changes to the current trade and travel relationship will advance our goal of bolstering the vulnerable private sector and increasing entrepreneurship while decreasing the role of state-controlled enterprises.
With the significance of your recent announcements related to Cuba, we look forward to Congress turning its attention toward modernizing U.S.-Cuba policy to the benefit of U.S. citizens and the Cuban people alike. Congress must play an integral role in reforming our policy toward Cuba.
The signed letter can be viewed
HERE .
Dr. Rand Paul and Sen. Barbara Boxer Announce the Invest in Transportation Act of 2015
Yesterday, Sen. Barbara Boxer and I announced the introduction of 'Invest in Transportation Act of 2015.' This bipartisan legislation would boost the economy and create jobs by providing an incentive for companies to bring home the estimated $2 trillion in foreign earnings that are being held overseas.
The legislation would strengthen the U.S. economy and create jobs by allowing companies to voluntarily return their foreign earnings to the U.S. at a tax rate of 6.5 percent. The measure would ensure that a portion of the repatriated funds will be used for increased hiring, wages and pensions; research and development, environmental improvements; public-private partnerships; capital improvements; and acquisitions.
All tax revenues from the repatriation program would be transferred into the Highway Trust Fund, helping to address the urgent federal funding crisis facing America's highways, bridges, and transit systems without increasing the gas tax.
Economic studies have found that repatriating some of the nearly $2 trillion in foreign earnings held by companies overseas could add several hundred billion dollars to GDP and help businesses create millions of jobs.
All across the country, bridges and roads are in need of repair. We can help fund these repairs by lowering the repatriation rate and bringing home money that is currently being held by abroad. This would mean no new taxes, but more revenue, and it is a solution that should win support from both political parties.
Click
HERE
to read more about the 'Invest in Transportation Act of 2015."
Media Wrap-Up
This week, I appeared on Fox News Channel's
America's Newsroom with Martha MacCallum ,
On the Record with Greta Van Susteren
and Fox Business Channel's
Kennedy . I also spoke with several radio stations across the country, as well as stations in Kentucky such as Terry Meiners and Company.
Have An Issue Or Concern?
If you are a Kentucky resident and need assistance with a federal agency or concern, feel free to contact the Bowling Green office (270-782-8303) to have a discussion with the appropriate staff member. Stay in Touch with Sen. Paul's Social Media
You can find updates on what I'm doing by visiting my Senate website,
www.paul.senate.gov
and you can follow my official Google+ account
HERE . You can also subscribe to my YouTube channel
HERE . Don't forget to become a fan of my official
Facebook page
for other timely updates.
Warm Regards,
To unsubscribe from Rand's newsletter, please visit the
unsubscribe page
