Friend
Wanted to provide you with a brief roundup of some of the bills Ive been working on recently that I thought would be of interest to you. Here are a few of the things Ive been working on so far in the 114 th
Congress:
Hold Washington directly accountable for overspending.
Introduced the CAP Act ( H.R.110 ) to tie Members of Congress salaries to government spending
so as government spending increases, their pay decreases.
Freeze pay for members of Congress.
Cosponsored the Congressional Pay Freeze Act ( H.R. 109 ) to block the next automatic pay increase from taking effect.
Audit the Fed . Support a full and comprehensive audit of the Federal Reserve
thats why I cosponsored the Federal Reserve Transparency Act ( H.R.24 ) to do just that. Transparency and accountability should not be optional.
Rein in regulations.
Cosponsored the REINS Act ( H.R. 427 ) which reintroduces common sense into the regulatory process, by requiring Congress to vote on all new major regulations before they are enforced on citizens and businesses.
Stop Obamacare . Consistently worked to defund and replace the Presidents health care law, which is why Im cosponsoring the Obamacare Repeal Act ( H.R.132 ).
Balance the budget . Cosponsored a Balanced Budget Amendment to the U.S. Constitution ( H.J.Res1 ). Our out of control spending and debt are one of the biggest long term threats this country faces. Addressing this must be a priority.
I believe Americans have a right to expect their government to be fiscally responsible with their tax dollars. The new Congress has an opportunity
and an obligation
to work to make that goal a reality.
Yours in service,
Randy
P.S.
This is about more than just the current Administration. This is about Washingtons culture of overspending, which has spanned decades.
Thats why Im
1 of only 17 out of 435 Members of Congress to have voted against every bailout and stimulus package under both Presidents Bush and Obama.
Its about principles, not politics.
Click Here
to view this email in your browser
Click Here
to be removed from this list