
We noticed your 2014 Democratic membership is about to expire (your record is copied/pasted below). You clearly know how important a Democratic White House and Senate is, given your past support.
Friend -- We noticed your 2014 Democratic membership is about to expire (your record is copied/pasted below). You clearly know how important a Democratic White House and Senate is, given your past support. Will you renew your membership for 2015?
Membership Status:
expiring 12/31/14
2015 Membership Rate:
$3
(renew membership now)
Mitch McConnell&rsquo;s agenda for a Republican Senate is absolutely disgusting. He&rsquo;s already pledged to prioritize rolling back abortion rights and pick the Affordable Care Act -- Obamacare -- to pieces.
Meanwhile, the Koch brothers and Karl Rove are already gearing up their right-wing money machine, ensuring that the
Republicans running for Senate and President will be as well funded as ever.
If we fall behind early in the game, the Republicans will gain insurmountable momentum.
Our critical end-of-year deadline hits in 72 hours. Will you become a 2015 member with a contribution?
Member contributions are more critical right now than ever.
We&rsquo;ll use every cent to hold Republicans accountable for their attacks on President Obama and Democrats.
Thanks for your support,
DSCC Membership Team
Democratic Senatorial Campaign Committee
P.O. Box 96047
Washington, DC 20090
Paid for by the Democratic Senatorial Campaign Committee, dscc.org,
and not authorized by any candidate or candidate&#39;s committee.
The DSCC is the only organization solely dedicated to supporting Democrats in the U.S. Senate. This message was sent to dj724530@gmail.com because you are a part of the DSCC&rsquo;s grassroots network. Please add us to your address book or approved senders list to make sure you keep receiving DSCC updates.
Emails are a critical way for us to stay in touch with our grassroots supporters. 99% of the DSCC&rsquo;s contributions come from grassroots donors giving less than $200. We also strive to keep you updated on issues related to the Democratic Party&rsquo;s values.
If you&rsquo;d like to stop receiving emails related to this campaign, please
click here .
If you&#39;d like to make a contribution to support us, please
click here . We are already beginning to prepare for the fight ahead &ndash; reclaiming the majority in 2016. It will take every single grassroots supporter, but we know it&rsquo;s possible with your help. If you&rsquo;d like to stop receiving all emails from the DSCC, please
unsubscribe . We greatly appreciate your continued support.
Contributions or gifts to the DSCC are not tax deductible.
