
If you are having trouble
viewing this message or would like to share it on a social network, you
can
view the message
online .
HOME
CONTACT US
ISSUES
LEGISLATION
December 14, 2014
Dear
David,
This past week in Washington we concluded our final session
of the 113th Congress. Among the many legislative measures we
considered was a bill authorizing federal funding for the coming fiscal year.
After careful consideration, I voted against the measure, which failed
to take action against the Presidents executive amnesty plan and
also included a number of non-budgetary items that I believe should have
been more thoroughly reviewed.
One of the first things I
plan to do after the 114th Congress is sworn in next January is to join
my fellow House Republicans in passing a bill that would block the
presidents executive action on immigration. I have been clear that the
Presidents executive amnesty order is a blatant unconstitutional
overreach of executive power which cannot be left unanswered. I also look
forward to working with the incoming Republican Senate in addressing
our need for water storage and flood control infrastructure, tackling
the Presidents amnesty plan, and continuing to reduce federal spending
and regulations.
We have another busy year ahead of us, and
I am thankful for the opportunity you have given me to represent your
voice here in Congress. To learn about how I can serve you and to
follow me throughout the week, please visit my
website.
and stay in touch with me on
my
Facebook
page as well!
Sincerely,
Rep. LaMalfa urges passage of Emergency
Drought Legislation, H.R. 5781. To view his speech on the House Floor,
click
here.
I was pleased that
H.R. 5781 , a
measure which I have proudly co-sponsored, passed out of the House of
Representatives with my support on a 230-182 vote. Unfortunately,
Californias Senators refused to act on the bill and our water crisis
remains serious. H.R. 5781, the California Emergency Drought Relief Act,
aims at providing immediate, emergency relief from Californias
historic water crisis through two critical components: flexibility to store
additional water when winter storms cause high river flows and
protections for the North States senior and area of origin water rights. It
is simply reckless that we continue to watch ill-conceived federal
policies allow billions of gallons of water to be diverted away from our
communities to just flow out to sea. Its time to bring an end to the
delays and inaction coming from Washington and start moving forward
towards a long-term solution that adequately addresses our states water
needs.To learn more about H.R. 5781, click
here .
The state of
California is going through the worst drought in over a century,
creating devastating conditions for our farms, families and ranches. Lake
Oroville, above, has a record-low water
level.
This past Wednesday, the House
unanimously passed
H.R. 5059 , the Clay Hunt Suicide
Prevention for American Veterans Act, a measure to increase access to
mental health services available to veterans as well as implement
sorely-needed accountability within the VA. According to a 2012 report from
the Department of Veterans Affairs, an average of 12-22 veterans have
committed suicide each day over the past decade. This statistic deeply
saddems me. Our veterans are brave men and women who have endured
great hardships for our country, and I am determined to ensure they have
access to the care they rightfully deserve. Although there is
certainly more work to be done, this legislation is a critical step in
improving care for our veterans and urge the Senate to advance this
measure.
It's
always such a joy to meet with ambitious and inspiring youth from our
district doing neat things out here in D.C. Ben Granholm of Grass Valley
has been interning with the National Cattlemen's Beef Association this
semester. Constituents, if you are out here in DC, come by the office
and say
hello!
Wasteful Government Spending Item of the
Week
Effect of Self-Control
on Antisocial and Prosocial Behavior
Cost
$331,000.00
Agency
National Science
Foundation
Summary
The study was
arranged to determine when and why certain social behaviors are likely to
occur when coupled with feelings of intense hunger. The experiment
involved 107 couples, voodoo dolls, and extremely low blood sugar
levels.
Reason for
Funding
To determine whether low blood sugar levels and
aggression
ultimately prove that a spouse with hanger,(the
combination of being hungry and angry), is an unhappy
spouse.
Source
National Science
Foundation
E-mail Updates
Yes,
please periodically send me e-mail updates.*
*By subscribing to my
e-mail updates, you
are authorizing me to send regular e-mail updates from my office to your
e-mail account.
Share on Facebook
Tell a Friend
E-mail:
Washington D.C. Office
506 Cannon HOB
Washington, DC 20515
Phone:
202-225-3076
Fax: (202) 226-0552
Oroville District
Office
1453 Downer Street,Suite A
Oroville, CA
95965
Phone: (530) 534-7100
Fax: (530) 534-7800
Redding District
Office
2885
Churn Creek Rd.,
Suite C
Redding, CA 96002
Phone: (530)
223-5898
Fax: (530) 605-4339
Auburn
District Office
13626 New Airport Rd.,
Ste
106
Auburn, CA 95602
Phone: (530) 878-5035
Fax: (530)
878-5037
Unsubscribe
|
Update My Profile
|
Privacy Policy
