
Honoring Our Heroes
Do you know the name Mike Crescenz? Corporal Michael J. Crescenz was a native of Philadelphia and served in the Vietnam War.
He has a truly incredible story
- one of bravery and heroism that made him Philly's only Medal of Honor recipient of the Vietnam War. And now my
bill , which passed the Senate unanimously on Wednesday night, means the
Woodland Avenue Veterans Affairs Medical Center
in Philadelphia is one step closer to being renamed after this amazing hero.
It is great news that the Senate agrees that Corporal Crescenz should be remembered this way. We do this with profound respect and deepest gratitude for his sacrifice. I hope the renaming of this facility will serve as a reminder of the sacrifices of all of Pennsylvania's Vietnam War veterans.
You can learn more about Corporal Crescenz and see what his fellow brothers in arms had to say
here .
His name will not be forgotten.
Working Together For Pennsylvania
Since I joined the Senate four years ago, Senator Bob Casey and I have worked together on a bipartisan basis to recommend and confirm federal district court judges for Pennsylvania. This week, the Senate confirmed
Mark Kearney, Jerry Pappert , and
Jay Leeson
for the federal bench, thereby bringing the total number of district judges we've confirmed to 14.
Mark Kearney serves as the President of the Pennsylvania Bar Institute and received both his undergraduate and law degree from Villanova University.
Jerry Pappert is the former Attorney General of Pennsylvania, and received his undergraduate degree from Villanova University and his law degree from the University of Notre Dame.
Jay Leeson is a respected lawyer in Allentown and received his law degree from the Catholic University of America. He has ample trial experience and is committed to public service. Mr. Leeson will sit in the
federal courthouse
in Allentown - marking the first time this courthouse has two federal judges serving at the same time.
I am proud to work with Senator Casey on these terrific nominations. Our bipartisan effort ensures Pennsylvania has qualified and dedicated judges serving our great state.
Keeping Our Children Safe
On Tuesday, I met with John Ryan, President and CEO of the
National Center for Missing and Exploited Children . Karen Quarles and Yiota Souras from NCMEC joined us as well. We discussed my efforts to
increase funds
available to crime victims, and
my bipartisan bill
to protect all of America's school children from violent and sexual predators.
To emphasize that we all have a responsibility to help protect kids, John reminded me of an incredible story about two boys from Lancaster Township. The boys saved a 5-year-old girl from an abductor. After news of the kidnapping broke, the two boys hopped on their bikes and searched the neighborhood until they found her.
You have to read about these incredible boys .
I'm looking forward to the
Montgomery Child Advocacy Project 's
celebration
this weekend to highlight their efforts to protect children and those working with children who have been abused or neglected. While they are recognizing my bipartisan work in the Senate to protect children from predators or neglect, we should all acknowledge that -- as John Ryan pointed out -- everyone has a responsibility to watch out for kids.
Advancing Cancer Research
In the Senate Reception Room just off the Senate floor, I met with Dana Dornsife, President and Founder of the
Lazarex Cancer Foundation , and Kenny Simansky, Ph.D. from
Drexel University College of Medicine . Drexel and other research universities in Pennsylvania are pushing the boundaries of medical breakthroughs. Dana and her group help connect cancer patients with clinical trials so they can take advantage of those new treatments.
I enjoyed the opportunity to hear how Pennsylvania is on the leading edge of science and hope.
Inaugural #PatsFacts
Each week, I'll be sharing facts with my constituents about our great state of Pennsylvania. Here is this week's fact:
The first law in the United States requiring traffic to stay on the right side of the road was passed in 1792 as a result of intensified Conestoga wagon congestion on the Philadelphia-Lancaster Turnpike.
To stay up to date on #PatsFacts and my work in Pennsylvania and Washington, follow me on
Twitter
and
Facebook !
ALLENTOWN, PA
PH: (610) 434-1444
ERIE, PA
PH: (814) 453-3010
HARRISBURG, PA
PH: (717) 782-3951
JOHNSTOWN, PA
PH: (814) 266-5970
PHILADELPHIA, PA
PH: (215) 241-1090
PITTSBURGH, PA
PH: (412) 803-3501
SCRANTON, PA
PH: (570) 941-3540
WASHINGTON, D.C.
PH: (202) 224-4254
UNSUBSCRIBE
