
If you are having trouble viewing this message or would like to share
it on a social network, you can
view the message online .
Website
About David
Contact
Serving
You
Media
Center
Legislative Work
District
December 12, 2014
Fix the Broken Budget
Process
When the Republican House majority came to
Washington four years ago we sought to increase transparency, implement
a more open process, and end the closed door practices that marked the
Nancy Pelosi era. Yet this week
we were presented
with a 1,600 page spending bill with 48 hours to review it
before
funding runs out. We were given no opportunities to change the
bill.
While I appreciate the work of the House Appropriations
committee and recognize there are many good provisions included in this
bill, it did not include protections for West Virginias coal miners,
so I voted against the bill and the broken process that
produced it .
Next year, with new leadership in the
Senate hopefully
we can break the cycle of last minute
deals formulated behind closed doors . Congress needs to return to
an open process that allows members to provide input and make changes.
With willing partners in the Senate we will be able to reduce
spending and change damaging policies on everything from the EPA to health
care to immigration.
With this latest hurdle behind us I hope
we can focus on working together in an open manner to address the
challenges our country
faces.
Helping Volunteer Emergency Responders
Earlier
this week I introduced legislation, along with Rep. Dave Loebsack
(D-IA), to help volunteer firefighters and other first responders who keep
our communities safe.
This bill creates a tax
deduction for volunteer first responders and will help Volunteer Fire
Departments and other public safety organizations recruit and retain
volunteers.
Small towns across West Virginia and the country
rely on volunteers to respond to fires, accidents, and other
emergencies. Yet these same men and women are often forced to raise money to
simply have adequate equipment and training. We can do more to help
them.
Weve had a number of meetings with
Volunteer Fire Departments across West Virginia, and the number one issue
they have is recruiting volunteers and keeping them.
This solution
will help fix that problem and demonstrates the respect earned by
volunteer emergency personnel.
The bill provides a tax
deduction for hours of service each year volunteered for fire-fighting and
prevention services, emergency medical services, ambulance services,
civil air patrol, and emergency rescue
services.
Coal Ash: Protecting Jobs and the
Environment
The House Energy and Commerce Committee this week
released
a report highlighting the need for a solution
on coal ash disposal.
Since coming to Congress in 2011, I have
worked hard to protect and promote the use of coal ash and stop the EPA
from labeling it as a hazardous material.
This recent policy
paper is based off of legislation I have spearheaded in the House,
the Coal Residuals Reuse and Management Act (HR
2218).
The House has passed this legislation six times, and the
coordinated effort appears to have influenced the EPAs direction on regulating
coal ash. Even so, the fight is not over.
The EPAs proposal to
designate coal ash as a hazardous material would put 316,000 Americans out of
work overnight.
My bill encourages the recycling of coal ash,
gives states the authority to set their own standards for the disposal of
coal ash with oversight by EPA, and protects jobs and the
environment.
For over thirty years, there had been no progress on this
issue .
With the help of allies in the
recycling business, we have been able to educate Congress and the American
people about its importance.
This policy paper is just one more
example.
National Debt Reaches New
High
With all the drama surrounding federal
government funding dominating the headlines this week, you may have
missed this piece of news:
the national debt rose above
$18 trillion dollars for the first time.
To put this in
perspective, in the early 1980s, the debt was roughly $2 trillion. 30
years and five presidents later, we are now deeper in the red than
ever.
Coming to Washington in 2011 confirmed what I
already knew -
Washington does not have a revenue
problem, it has a spending problem .
In fact, in 2013, the
federal government collected more revenue from taxes than in any year in
our nations history.
Just this week, the U.S. Treasury announced
that it was raking in tax dollars at a record rate in November, as
the federal government closed out the first two months of fiscal year
2015 by collecting over $400 billion.
Yet, over the past five
years, trillion dollar budget deficits have been the norm for our federal
government.
The more Washington spends money it does not have,
the more we burden our children and grandchildren with the consequences
of this debt.
With new leadership in the United States
Senate, Congress must commit to creating a fair and balanced tax
structure, making real cuts in federal spending, and reforming programs that
may be increasing our nations
debt.
Tis the Season
Each year my office
celebrates the Holidays by donating to the
Toys for
Tots Foundation . The United States Marine Corps organized the
drive.
If you are ever in the Washington
D.C. office please drop in and say hello. If you want an appointment
just give my office a call at 202-225-4172, or submit a request on my
website at
www.mckinley.house.gov .
What do you think? What type of Christmas tree are you getting? Real Artificial No tree Other *By answering this survey, you are subscribing to my
newsletter. If you are having trouble, click here. Share on
Facebook Share on
Twitter Share on LinkedIn Survey Results How would you rate the current U.S. Economy? Answer Total Good
9.72% Recovering 33.25% Bad 50.13% Other
4.86% Don't Know
2.05%
Washington,
DC
412 Cannon HOB |
Washington, DC 20515
Phone:
(202)
225-4172 |
Fax: (202) 225-7564
Morgantown
709 Beechurst Ave.
Suite 14B
Morgantown, WV
26505
Phone: 304.284.8506
Wheeling
Horne Building
1100 Main
Street, Suite 101
Wheeling, WV 26003
Phone: (304)
232-3801
Fax: 304-232-3813
Parkersburg
Federal Building
425 Juliana Street
Suite 1004
Parkersburg, WV
26101
Phone: (304) 422-5972
Unsubscribe
|
Update My Profile
|
Privacy Policy
gateway mail end
