DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.0 Transitional//EN" "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml1/DTD/xhtml1-transitional.dtd"
January 16, 2015
Visit My Website
|
Forward to a Friend
| Find me on:
House Acts to Defund President's Amnesty &amp; Restore the Rule of Law
I voted this week to completely
defund the presidents unilateral amnesty in the House's
Department of Homeland Security Appropriations Act of 2015 .
The legislation strips the president of all funding for his recent executive amnesty, defunds his past amnesty directives
including the DACA program
and declares that no funding can be used to carry out similar executive actions in the future. All of this is accomplished without reducing our homeland security capabilities whatsoever. In fact, the bill would provide Customs and Border Protection with the largest operational force in history.
The actions my House colleagues and I have taken confront the
presidents overreach head-on. It is critical that the Senate do the same by
immediately passing the Houses forceful legislation in its original
form. We must fight to defund the presidents unilateral amnesty and
restore the rule of law.
My full statement on voting to defund the president's unilateral amnesty can be found
here . You can read more about the provisions in the legislation
here .
The Fair Tax
The American people deserve a simpler, flatter, fairer tax system that rewards hard work and empowers middle-class families. This is why I signed on as an original cosponsor of the
Fair Tax Act of 2015 . This bill offers a blueprint for tax simplification that would spur economic growth, remove IRS bureaucracy, and greatly reduce the tax burden for all Americans.
I will continue pushing for a fairer tax system that lowers rates and protects the American people instead of Washington.
Recognition for Conservative Record
I am honored to have been recognized by some of the nation's prominent conservative advocacy organizations as one of the most conservative lawmakers in Congress. According to legislative analysis of my work, these organizations have ranked me at or near the top in both the Texas Congressional Delegation and the House of Representatives as a whole.
Legislative Rankings &amp; Scores for Congressman Kenny Marchant
Organization
Ranking in Texas
House Delegation
Score
Conservative Percentile
in House
NumbersUSA
1st *
97%
99%
Heritage Action
3rd
87%
97%
FreedomWorks
5th *
90%
93%
*Denotes a tie
The rankings and scores shown above are based on my actions and voting record last Congress to promote constitutionally limited government, stop illegal immigration, repeal and replace Obamacare, cut wasteful government spending, and protect traditional family values, among other policy areas.
My voting record directly reflects the commitment I share with the people of my district to the principles of constitutionally limited government. Now more than ever we must fight to preserve these fundamental ideals. I will stand strong throughout the 114th Congress on behalf of my constituents and our nation.
Keystone Pipeline Advances
My House colleagues and I voted to approve construction of the
Keystone XL Pipeline during the opening days of the 114th Congress. The
pipelines approval is now under consideration in the Senate and is
predicted to reach the presidents desk in the coming weeks.
President Obama has delayed Keystones approval for the past six years and has no reason to continue stalling. His own State Department has conducted five separate reviews and found that the pipeline would support thousands of American jobs with little to no environmental impact. Keystone will also be built with state-of-the-art technology and incorporate nearly 60 additional safety standards proposed by the Obama administration itself.
The president should stop searching for excuses to block Keystone and join us in seizing this important opportunity to grow our economy and strengthen U.S. energy security.
Ways &amp; Means Puts Focus on U.S. Economy &amp; Pro-Growth Solutions
The American people are being told the economy is improving but millions do not feel the so-called recovery. Too many are working part-time jobs or have dropped out of the workforce altogether because they cannot find employment that complements their skills and qualifications. Providing for a family has also become increasingly difficult as wages fail to keep pace with the rising costs of everyday essentials.
My Ways and Means colleagues and I focused our first hearing of the 114th Congress on advancing pro-growth solutions that offer all Americans a greater opportunity to reach their full potential. This will remain a central component of our efforts on tax, healthcare, and trade throughout the next two years. I look forward to serving Texas 24th District as a strong, conservative presence on the Committee as we work to build a healthy economy for the long term.
You can watch the full Ways &amp; Means Committee hearing
here .
Service Academy Interviews
My office had the pleasure of hosting service academy board interviews for a group of talented 24th District students seeking an appointment to one of our nation's prestigious military academies. I commend these young leaders for pursuing a college education and career in our America's armed services. Congratulations to all of this year's nominees and their families. We wish you the best of luck in the future.
A few of my office's 2015 service academy nominees are pictured below. To learn more about the service academy application process, please click
here .
Click the "Like" button and follow me on Facebook to get daily updates on how I am serving you and the 24th District of Texas.
It is an honor to represent you in Washington and I value your input. Please don't hesitate to contact one of my offices or
send me an email .
UPDATE SUBSCRIPTION OPTIONS
|
PRIVACY POLICY
|
CONTACT US
