
If you are having trouble
viewing this message or would like to share it on a social network,
you can
view the message
online .
Home
About Louise
Serving You
Issues
25th
District
Newsroom
Blog
Multimedia
Contact
Dear
David,
If you tuned into last Tuesdays State of
the Union address, you heard President Obama spend some time discussing
international trade and, in particular, trade promotion authority.
With such power, the president would be able to fast-track massive trade
deals such as the Trans-Pacific Partnership through Congress,
bypassing the regular legislative process.
Congresswoman Slaughter meets with the bipartisan
upstate New York delegation before the State of the
Union .
And while the president admitted that past trade deals havent always
lived up to the hype, I want you to know that previous trade deals
havent just fallen short of expectations, but have actively hurt
American workers. For example, the North American Free Trade Agreement
(NAFTA), which was promised to create over 200,000 jobs in its first year,
has actually led to the loss of over 1 million U.S. manufacturing
jobs. Granting the president trade promotion authority would only double
down on a bad habit of American negotiators giving foreign competitors
special access to our market without securing the elimination of
trading barriers for U.S. businesses.
Congresswoman Slaughter introduces
new bipartisan trade legislation at Hickey Freeman to protect U.S.
workers.
For these reasons, I stood with workers at
Hickey Freeman last week and announced my new bill, the Reciprocal Market
Access Act, which will ensure that trade deals have teeth so its bite
can match its bark. This legislation would suspend trade agreements
with our foreign competitors until they eliminate trading barriers and
allow U.S. goods to be sold in their countries. This bipartisan bill
has support from both business and labor groups.
Congresswoman Slaughter tells the story of
Hickey Freeman employees at a trade press conference in opposition to
the presidents trade bill .
I stand united with my
colleagues, both Republican and Democrat and refuse to stand by while
massive trade deals are negotiated behind closed doors, keeping members of
Congress and the public in the dark. It is high time that we end the
era of giveaway trade and implement a smarter, tougher trade policy
that puts U.S. workers and manufacturers first. By denying President
Obama trade promotion authority, Congress will retain its role in
protecting American jobs and ensuring that trade deals arent just free, but
also fair.
Sincerely,
Louise M.
Slaughter
P.S. If you want to contact me to share your
ideas and opinions on how best to strengthen our community for all of
our neighbors, please contact me
here .
Rochester Office
3120 Federal Building
100 State Street
Rochester, NY 14614
Phone: (585) 232-4850
Fax: (585)
232-1954
Washington D.C. Office
2469
Rayburn HOB
Washington, D.C. 20515
Phone: (202) 225-3615
Fax: (202) 225-7822
Unsubscribe
|
Update My Profile
|
Privacy Policy
