DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.0 Transitional//EN" "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml1/DTD/xhtml1-transitional.dtd"
Send me an email
|
Forward to a Friend
Friend
Wanted you to be aware of
a religious liberties battle that California State University students are fighting
its an issue plaguing college campuses across the country.
This past fall, Cal State revoked the recognized student organization status of InterVarsity, a group that has been a part of campus life for decades, on all 23 Cal State campuses.
Other organizations had since faced the same fate.
These groups were de-recognized because they ask their student leaders to affirm the faith mission of the organizationa requirement that the University claims violates the schools nondiscrimination policy.
Though these groups may still meet on campus, without student organization status they are restricted from participating in campus life on an equal footing with other student organizations.
They must now pay fees at the discretion of the University in order to use campus facilities, and they cannot participate in opportunities like student organization fairs and advertising events in space reserved for student groups.
Allowing student groups to select leaders that best represent an organizations mission is not discriminationit is common sense.
Before the end of the 113 th
Congress, I joined my democratic Co-Chair of the Congressional Prayer Caucus, Rep. Mike McIntyre, along with 24 other Members in sending a
letter
to California State University, urging them to ensure that the schools nondiscrimination policy was not being interpreted in a manner that discriminated against religious student groups.
Religious student organizations should not be treated as second-class student organizations simply because they ask their leadership to support the core principles of the organization.
I will continue this fight for religious liberties and freedoms on college campuses, and will keep you posted as the developments continue to unfold.
Yours in service,
Randy
P.S.
This issue is crucial because our nations future leaders are being shaped on college campuses. We should be teaching them the ideals that our country was founded on -- religious freedom and the right to free association are fundamental rights enshrined in our Constitution. Colleges and universities should be safe places for the free exchange and debate of ideas, and religious student groups should be free to fully participate in campus life without fear or being marginalized.
Home
|
Contact
|
Forward to a Friend
|
Unsubscribe
|
Subscribe
|
Privacy
|
Office Locations
Please do not reply to this message. This email address does not accept incoming messages. To send an email,
click here .
Click Here Click Here