
E-news Sign-up
Friday December 12, 2014
CONTACT STEVEN
Why I Voted for the CRomnibus
Last night the House passed what has come to be known as the
Cromnibus bill
to fund most of the federal government.
As many of you know, if a bill was not passed last night by midnight, the government would have shut down. The Omnibus bill, like most funding bills, was not perfect by any means and contained provisions that I strongly opposed and provisions that I strongly supported.
Voting for this bill was a decision I did not take lightly, so I want to walk through some of the highlights and disappointments in this bill and fully explain how I came to my decision to support it in the end.
My biggest concern with this bill pertains to immigration.
Like most of you,
I
DO NOT
agree
with the presidents executive order on immigration. Ive fought this from the beginning, right up until the very end when I offered an
amendment to eliminate all funding for the presidents executive order . While I am extremely disappointed that my amendment
did not make it to the final text of the bill,
the Cromnibus legislation
does
include limitations on funding for the Department of Homeland Security (DHS), which controls immigration spending. DHS funding contained in the Cromnibus bill ends in
February
rather than in September 2015. These dates are important because it puts Republicans in a great position to address the issue and eliminate the presidents overreaching executive order on immigration in February when we control both chambers of Congress NO MORE HARRY REID!
The other major area of concern for the Cromnibus bill is funding for Obamacare. I firmly believe that we must reverse the healthcare mandate and allow citizens the freedom to choose their own healthcare.
That is why I have fought to defund Obamacare since its inception. The legislation just passed in the House contains
no new funding
for Obamacare and prevents the billion-dollar expansion proposed by the Presidents budget. With the new, Republican-controlled Congress next year, we will systematically defund and dismantle Obamacare until it is
off the books for good.
Finally, what you probably wont hear about are the victories secured in this bill that are good for our country and those that will
directly benefit South Mississippi . $1 billion was included to fund a new Ingalls-built amphibious ship. This ships construction will protect 3,000 jobs at Ingalls and thousands more across Mississippi. The legislation prevents the Army from taking our MS National Guard Apache helicopters out of Mississippi.
It also includes language I submitted that stops the president from issuing new flood risk standards. The bill also funds the Payment In Lieu of Taxes (PILT) program that benefits our rural schools in the Pine Belt.
As a whole the CRomnibus recognizes our debt crisis and makes every dollar count without harming the defense of our nation.
It guts funding for the EPA, the IRS, and Amtrak, allows
no new funding for Obamacare , addresses current VA issues,
and upholds and expands all current pro-life provisions. The
truth is,
the vast majority of this bill is comprised of
strong, conservative legislative victories
that my colleagues and I in Congress have spent years fighting for and working towards.
Despite the presidents attempt to overshadow this with overreaching immigration policies that will soon be defeated, I will continue to celebrate these victories for South Mississippi and for hardworking Americans across our country.
My goal, as always, remains the successful balance of fiscal responsibility with the safety and security of Americans. I am working hard in Congress to fight for the best interests of my constituents in South Mississippi.
I am confident that come January, when we are joined by a Republican-controlled Senate, we will finally be able to
stand, fight and win
against this presidents illegal, unconstitutional actions.
Sincerely,
Steven M. Pa lazzo
NOTE: Please DO NOT respond to this email as this inbox is unattended. To contact my office please
click here
UNSUBSCRIBE
|
PRIVACY POLICY
|
CONTACT US
Click Here Click Here