
Click here to view this message in your browser.
December 23, 2014
Dear David,
I write today to share some extraordinary news:
After two years of working to combat the scourge of military suicide, the Jacob Sexton Military Suicide Prevention Act is now law . This landmark legislation recently passed the House and the Senate as part of the National Defense Authorization Act and was signed into law by the President. Under the new law, the military will put into place annual mental health assessments that will help save lives.
For two straight years, we have seen more military suicide deaths than combat fatalities in our Armed Forces . In 2012, 522 men and women in uniform took their own lives while we lost 316 in combat. In 2013, we lost a record number in the National Guard and 474 servicemembers overall, more than three times the number killed in combat. In just the first six months this year, 224 servicemembers have taken their own lives.
Joe joins the Sextons at a press
conference in Indianapolis.
Among the heartbreaking loses in recent years was Jacob Sexton. Jacob was a Hoosier from Farmland, Indiana, who joined the Indiana Army National Guard and served tours in Iraq and Afghanistan. While home on a 15-day leave in 2009, Jacob took his own life in a Muncie movie theatre. He was only 21 years old. Jacob&rsquo;s story and the stories of so many others like him inspired this legislation, and his parents, Jeff and Barb, have worked non-stop to help us raise awareness of this issue.
We may never fully comprehend the invisible wounds that lead to a servicemember taking his or her own life, but we can do more to help prevent military suicide.
That is why I introduced the Jacob Sexton Military Suicide Prevention Act with my Republican colleague, Senator Roger Wicker from Mississippi. The Sexton Act aims to make mental health a central element of a servicemember&rsquo;s overall readiness in three key ways:
It requires annual mental health assessments for all servicemembers, including members of the Active, Guard and Reserve components.
It will ensure that seeking help remains a sign of strength by maintaining strong privacy protections for servicemembers.
It requires a Pentagon report to evaluate existing military mental health practices and provide recommendations for improvement, including peer-to-peer programs that I have proposed in the past.
Our men and women in uniform serve our country honorably, putting their lives on the line in our defense. We owe them our gratitude, support, and access to services that can help ease their burdens, heal their wounds, and stay physically and mentally strong for the next fight. We have more work to do, but the Sexton Act being signed into law is extraordinary progress and should begin making a difference for our servicemembers in the new year.
It has been an honor continuing to serve you in the United States Senate this year.
Sincerely,
Senator Joe Donnelly
Please do not reply to this email. To contact my office, please
click here .
Senator Joe Donnelly
Office Locations
Washington, D.C.
SH-720 Hart Senate Office Building
Washington, D.C. 20510
Phone: (202) 224-4814
Fax: (202) 224-5011
Indianapolis, IN
115 N. Pennsylvania Street, Suite 100
Indianapolis, IN 46204
Phone: (317) 226-5555
Fax: (855) 772-7518
For a full list of office locations, please
click here .
Unsubscribe
