
If you are having trouble viewing this message or
would like to share it on a social network, you can
view the message online .
HOME
ABOUT
CONTACT ME
SERVING YOU
MEDIA CENTER
OUR
DISTRICT
RESOURCES
January 18, 2015
If you would
like me to visit your business, homeowners association, civic group or
community event in Northeast Georgia, please visit
my website here
to schedule a time. I look forward to meeting you in
person! Dear Friend,
President
Obama declared at least 22 times that he does not have the power to rule
on his own. I agree and was as incensed as my constituents when he
issued his executive amnesty of five million illegal immigrants to the
United States, where we are a welcoming but law-abiding
country.
To me, his unilateral action, as well as
numerous veto threats since Georgia helped give Republicans the Senate,
constitutes an admission of failure: The President, who took office as a
"uniter," refuses to recognize legitimate policy differences and to
negotiate in good faith with Congressional leaders. Members of his own
party complain about his high-handedness and
isolation.
More dangerous, his go-it-alone strategy on a host of
issues, from EPA regulations to releasing hardened terrorists from
Guantanamo Bay prison, show a disdain for our Constitution and security,
without which we would cease to be a free
country.
I'm committed to stopping the President's increasing
recklessness in his last two years. So, in my first week as your
representative in the 114th Congress, I introduced legislation de-funding the
Department of Homeland Security's implementation of his amnesty
order.
The
department responsible for our safety is spending fees it collects,
outside Congress' normal appropriations process, on expanding so-called
"Deferred Action" for the relatives of minors here illegally. My bill
prohibits DHS from shuffling money to such purposes. My tough language
became part of the House's final Homeland Security funding bill this
week, and I voted for other important legislation to grow the
economy.
House bills to approve the Keystone
Pipeline, enjoying the support of nearly 70 percent of Americans, and to
create small business jobs, at a time when small businesses are
disappearing faster than they appear, will now move to the Senate. The House
also passed a return to the typical 40-hour work week, a significant
rollback of Obamacare.
We passed bills to
help military veterans find mental health help and
jobs.
There is much more work to do to return our country to
greatness. However, we also have greater opportunity to realize
Americans' hope for renewal, now that Congress will be sending legislation
to protect our Constitution, our laws, our economy and our security to
the Presidents desk, finally.
He no
longer has obstructionist Harry Reid to block our efforts and will find
it difficult to avoid the obstructionist label
himself.
Sincerely,
Doug Collins
Member of
Congress
E-mail Updates
Yes, please periodically send me e-mail updates.*
*By subscribing to my
e-mail updates,
you are authorizing me to send regular e-mail updates from my office to
your e-mail account.
Share on
Facebook
House Defunds President's Unconstitutional Executive Amnesty Will the Senate pass House
Republicans' defunding of Presdent Obama's unconstitutional executive
amnesty order? Yes No Not sure *By answering this survey, you are
subscribing to my newsletter. If you are having trouble,
click here.
* Please note our 9th District office address is now
210
Washington St. NW, Suite 202, Gainesville, GA 30501 to be
reflected in the next eNewsletter. Our district office contact number
remains the same.
Washington D.C. Office
513
Cannon House Office Building
Washington, DC
20515
Phone: (202) 225-9893
Gainesville Office
111 Green St. SE
Gainesville, GA
30501
Phone: (770) 297-3388
Unsubscribe
|
Update My Profile
|
Privacy Policy
gateway mail end 