 Mail begin
If you are having trouble viewing
this message or would like to share it on a social network, you can
view the message
online .
ABOUT
ISSUES &amp; ACCOMPLISHMENTS
SERVICES FOR
NEVADANS
NEWS &amp; EVENTS
Share this on:
December 17, 2014
Dear Fellow Nevadan,
Nevadas
military installations play a critical role in protecting Nevada and our
nation. That is why, as Democratic leader, I worked hard to secure
millions of dollars in funding for both Nellis Air Force Base and Fallon
Naval Air Station. This money will allow Nellis and Fallon to update
their facilities so they have all the resources they need. At Nellis Air
Force Base, the funding will be used to support the training of F-22
pilots, update the training facilities for the F-35A weapon system and
support the training for pilots and aircrews for the Combat Air
Forces. And at Fallon Naval Air Station, the funding will be used to support
F-35 training missions, Tactical Ground Mobility Training and grow
Fallons Naval Strike and Air Warfare Center. These updates will ensure
that installations in Nevada are on the cutting edge of efforts to
protect our homeland well into the future. I will continue to do
everything in my power to ensure Nevadas military installations have the
funding they need.
Funding For Nellis Air Force Base
In FY15 Omnibus
Legislation
$14 million for Air Wing Facility : Nellis AFB is the
designated beddown location for four F-22 Full Mission Trainers in Fiscal Year
2017 to support the training of F-22 pilots assigned to the United
States Air Force Weapons School and the 422nd Test &amp; Evaluation
Squadron at Nellis AFB, Nevada. F-22 simulators are a critical aspect of
flight training and maintaining pilot currency. The justification for
this project, however, lies not only in the need for Mission Design
Series specific testing/training, but also in the vision to support
Combatant Commanders, Headquarters Air Force, and Major Command directed
integrated warfighting endeavors at Nellis including those outlined in
the Nellis Live-Virtual-Constructive 2020 White Paper. The facility
must provide a virtual and constructive training environment where
warfighters can realistically integrate and prepare for combat utilizing a
networked hub incorporating 4th and 5th generation fighter simulators,
and integration with other Combat Air Force assets and classified
capabilities. The facility will provide space for four simulator bays,
simulator control rooms, classified server room,
conference/brief/debriefing room, restrooms, office, and storage
areas.
$31 million for F-35 Aircraft Maintenance Unit, 4 Bay
Hangar : Nellis Air Force Base is the designated beddown location for Force
Development and Evaluation, and the United States Air Force Weapon
School for the F-35A weapon system. A 4-bay maintenance hangar with an
attached Aircraft Maintenance Unit, adequately sized and configured, is
required to support the permanent beddown of 24 Primary Training
Aircraft beginning Fiscal Year 2014. The F-35A Hangar/Aircraft Maintenance
Unit is required to support flightline maintenance for both test and
weapon school aircraft. The F-35A is designed with state of the art
technology and composite materials to meet stealth mission requirements.
Dedicated maintenance facilities are required to maintain these unique,
one of a kind systems. Because the Nellis flightline and ramp is at
capacity, this new facility must be sited over the existing F-15E
Aircraft Maintenance Unit, forcing their
relocation.
$8.9 million for F-35 Weapons School Facility : Adequately
sized and configured United States Air Force Weapon School operational
training facilities are required to support the beddown of 24 F-35A
training aircraft beginning in Fiscal Year 2015. The primary mission of
the Weapon School is to provide advanced tactics and weapons training
for pilots and aircrews for the Combat Air Forces who in turn pass on
their skill to pilots and aircrews at their home stations. The Nellis
training environment includes ranges that provide aircraft operators
critically needed simulated and live fire combat employment scenarios
for the F-35A weapons system. This facility provides space for
instructors, students, classrooms, mission brief/de-brief rooms, weapons
tactics trainers and other training
devices.
Funding For Fallon Naval Air Station In FY15 Omnibus
Legislation
$27.7 million for Air Wing
Facility : This facility will support the increased capabilities
provided by the F-35 aircraft. Adequate applied instruction space is
required to support current growth at the Naval Strike and Air Warfare
Center and enable the mission to provide graduate level training to Naval
Aviators and conduct integrated Carrier Air Wing training. The applied
instruction building will include Secure Compartmented Information
Facility, Secret Internet Protocol Router Network, Unclassified but
sensitive Internet Protocol Router Network, Automated Logistics Information
System, and Simultaneous Mission Playback capabilities. The applied
instruction building will also include classrooms, administrative,
storage, technical training, and support
areas.
$3.4 million for Facility Alteration for F-35 Training Mission :
The F-35 will arrive at NAS Fallon in 2017. As the next generation
strike-fighter for the Navy, a training facility is required to support
the West Coast Fleet Readiness Squadron. Unique technology and
infrastructure requirements for the new platform require new construction.
This project alters an existing hangar, Building #300, to support the
F-35 training mission. Alterations include the renovation of existing
hangar bay, maintenance shop, and administrative areas. Building
renovation design will include Autonomic Logistics Information System network
and connections, Special Access Program Facility, Transient
Electromagnetic Pulse Surveillance Technology protection, Closed Circuit
Television system and Intrusion Detection System. The project also constructs
a Pre-Engineered Building for a gun maintenance
shop.
$20.2 million for SOF Tactical Ground Mobility Vehicle
Maintenance Facility : This facility supports Tactical Ground
Mobility vehicle maintenance and training for Naval Special Warfare Group
Two. Functional spaces will include vehicle staging and maintenance,
administrative, operational gear storage and applied instruction. Naval
Special Warfare Group Two has a requirement to conduct Tactical Ground
Mobility Unit Level Training, a 19-day course that is conducted 12
times annually and requires space for up to 160 personnel. Students train
in the classroom and hands on vehicle maintenance facility prior to
training on the range. Students are taught battle damage repair, basic
driving skills, static shooting, figure-eight shooting tactics, blank
fire and maneuver against opposing forces non-standard vehicle
driving tactics and urban are live-fire training.
To
learn more about my work in the Senate on behalf of Nevadans or to contact
me, please visit
reid.senate.gov , sign up for
my e-newsletter,
The Reid Report , or connect with
me on
Facebook
and
Twitter .
Sincerely,
HARRY REID
U.S.
Senator for Nevada
Contact
Email
Signup
|
English
Espanol (Spanish)
OFFICE
LOCATIONS
Las
Vegas
Lloyd D. George Building
333 Las
Vegas Boulevard South
Suite 8016
Las Vegas, NV 89101
Phone:
7023885020
Fax: 7023885030
Reno
Bruce
R. Thompson Courthouse
and Federal Building
400 South Virginia Street,
Suite
902
Reno, NV 89501
Phone:
7756865750
Fax: 7756865757
Carson City
600 East Williams Street
Suite
304
Carson City, NV 89701
Phone:
775882REID (7343)
Fax: 7758831980
Washington
522 Hart Senate Office
Building - Washington, DC 20510
Phone: 2022243542
- Fax: 2022247327
Toll Free for Nevadans:
1866SENREID (7367343)
Restricted to calls
originating from area codes 775 and 702
Copyright 2014
Senator Harry Reid
Update My Profile
-
Unsubscribe
-
Privacy
Policy
gateway mail
end 