
If
you are having trouble viewing this message or would like to share it
on a social network, you can
view the message online .
January 27, 2015
Unsubscribe
Update My
Profile
Website
|
About Doug
|
District
Map
|
Constituent Services
|
Issues &amp;
Legislation
|
News
|
Contact |
Dear
Friend,
Recently, we heard President Obama's
plans for the next year in his State of the Union Address. I am very
disappointed that the President has decided to go it alone and not
offered to work with the new Congress. Instead of offering sound fiscal
plans, the President decided to double down on failed liberal policies.
There were no serious plans put forward to strengthen our national
security or to assist our brave veterans. His economic proposals show
that he is more interested in being Santa Claus than being a skeptical
steward of our out-of-control debt and deficit. The President should be
more responsible with his rhetoric. By misleading citizens into
thinking that he can wave a magic wand and dole out hundreds of millions of
dollars in government giveaways and new entitlements, he is creating a
false impression that will lead to more broken promises and
gridlocked government.
Please let me know if you require any assistance
with a federal government agency by contacting my local office at (719)
520-0055.
Sincerely,
Please click
HERE
to watch more of my thoughts on the State of the
Union
Please click
HERE
to listen to
my reaction interview with KVOR's Richard
Randall
STANDING UP FOR
LIFE
I spoke from the Floor of the
House on the importance of supporting a culture of life in America. I
also voted for H.R. 7, the No Taxpayer Funding for Abortion and
Abortion Insurance Full Disclosure Act of 2015. H.R. 7 codifies the Hyde
amendment and requires that No funds authorized or appropriated by
Federal law, and none of the funds in any trust fund to which funds are
authorized or appropriated by Federal law, shall be expended for any
abortion. The funding limitations do not apply to an abortion related to
rape, incest, or preserving the life of the mother. The bill
prohibits premium tax credits and cost-sharing subsidies under the Affordable
Care Act from being used to purchase health plans that cover abortion,
except in case of rape, incest, or preserving the life of the
mother.
Please click
HERE
to watch my Floor Speech
Text of the
Speech
Mr. Speaker,
tomorrow marks the 42 nd
anniversary of the infamous Roe v.
Wade Supreme Court decision, which legalized abortion in the United
States.
Elective
abortion is an abhorrent practice that tragically remains one of the most
common medical procedures performed in the United States. Each year in
the United States over one million abortions are performed.
Since
1973, when Roe v. Wade was decided, 57 million babies have been lost
to abortion.
57 million, Mr. Speaker! To put this in perspective,
according to the last census numbers, 57 million is roughly 18
percent of the current population in the US. This staggering loss of
childrens lives is unconscionable.
My wife Jeanie and I have been blessed with 5 children, and 2
grandchildren, with one more grandchild on the way. I firmly believe
every life is a precious gift from God, and I remain wholly committed
to protecting the sanctity of
life.
One critically important step towards protecting life is
the Pain Capable Unborn Child Protection Act that we will be voting
on tomorrow.
I am a proud cosponsor of this bill that will
prohibit anyone from performing an abortion on an unborn child that is 20
weeks or older.
Medical research has shown that at least by the
20 th
week of a pregnancy, unborn babies can feel pain.
Polls have consistently shown that a majority of Americans support
banning abortions after 20 weeks.
Abortions after the
20 th
week are violent, painful and harmful to mothers. It is time to end
this horrible procedure.
This week we continue to mourn the lives cut short in the
inhumane wake of Roe v. Wade and we pray for Gods continued comfort, grace,
and mercy to those touched by abortion. Every life has value, and we
have a duty to protect the lives of those who are most innocent among
us. I will continue to be among those fighting to do just that.
PUSHING BACK
AGAINST ILLEGAL
IMMIGRATION
I voted in favor of H.R. 240,
the Department of Homeland Security Appropriations Act of 2015. I also
supported five amendments designed to strongly push back against
President Obama's actions regarding illegal
immigration.
Amendment offered by Reps. Robert Aderholt
(R-Ala.), Mick Mulvaney (R-S.C.), and Lou Bartletta
(R-Pa.):
Amendment offered by Rep. Marsha
Blackburn (R-Tenn.):
Amendment offered by Reps. Ron DeSantis (R-Fla.) and Martha Roby
(R-Ala.):
Amendment
offered by Rep. Aaron Schock (R-Ill.):
Amendment offered by Reps. Matt Salmon (R-Ariz.) and Glenn
Thompson
(R-Pa.):
Furthermore, the appropriations made for the rest of the
Department of Homeland Security are sensible and will help improve the
security of this nation. Details
include:
Prevents any funds
whether they are
appropriated funds or user fees collected by the agency
to be used to
carry-out the executive actions announced on November 20, 2014 to grant
deferred action to an estimated four million unlawful
immigrants.
Additionally, it also
declares that no funds may be used to carry-out any substantially similar
policies to those defunded.
Provides that no funds
whether they are appropriated funds or
user fees collected by the agency
may be used to consider new, renewal
or previously denied Deferred Action for Childhood Arrivals
applications.
Ensures
that sex offenders and domestic violence perpetrators are priorities for
removal by U.S. Immigration and Customs
Enforcement.
Expresses the sense of
Congress that U.S. Citizenship and Immigration Services should stop
putting the interests of unlawful immigrants ahead of legal
immigrants.
Expresses the sense
of Congress that U.S. workers should not be harmed by U.S. Citizenship
and Immigration Services actions. Under President Obamas executive
amnesty plan, in many cases businesses now have a $3,000 incentive to
hire an unlawful immigrant over a legal worker. Under the Affordable
Care Act, many businesses face a $3,000-per-employee penalty if they do
not provide health care to their workers. Since unlawful immigrants
are not eligible for Obamacare, they will now be more attractive to
hire than American workers in many
instances.
Full funding of the E-Verify
program
Funding for over 21,000 Border
Patrol Agents, the largest force in
history
Increased funding for Immigration and Customs
Enforcement detention
Cuts
TSA funding by nearly 100 million
dollars
Fully funds the Coast Guard by preventing a 440
million dollar cut proposed by President
Obama
I joined AM 740 KVOR radio host Richard Randall to discuss
legislation designed to strongly roll back President Obama's lawless
actions on illegal immigration.
Please click
HERE
to listen to the
interview
SUPPORTING OUR
VETERANS
I introduced H.R. 382, to name the post
office located at 8585 Criterion Drive in Colorado Springs after
slain Army chaplain Dale Alan Goetz. Goetz was the first Army clergyman
killed in action since the Vietnam War. Goetz was killed in August 2010
while serving his country in Afghanistan. He was riding with a
resupply convoy when the enemy attacked with an improvised explosive near the
Arghandab River Valley. Four of his fellow soldiers from Fort Carson
died with him in that attack. Goetz was serving with the 1st
Battalion, 66th Armor Regiment, 1st Brigade Combat Team with the 4th Infantry
Division of Fort Carson, Colorado.
Goetz, who was 43-years old, left behind his wife, Christy,
and their three young boys. He is also survived by his mother, Hope,
and his sisters, Kim Sumner and Ann
Senetar.
Abbreviated history of the Chaplain Corps from
the U.S. Army National Museum:
As long as armies have existed, military chaplains have served
alongside soldiers, providing for their spiritual needs, working to
improve morale, and aiding the wounded. The Chaplain Corps dates back to
29 July 1775, when the Continental Congress authorized one chaplain
for each regiment of the Continental Army, with pay equaling that of a
captain. Since the War for Independence, chaplains have served in
every American war. While their duties are primarily focused on spiritual
and morale issues, many chaplains have also demonstrated tremendous
bravery. Stories abound of chaplains administering the last rites to
fallen soldiers, oblivious to the fire around them, or dashing out into
the open to rescue the wounded without regard to their own
lives.
Captain Dale A. Goetz lived and
died according to the Chaplain Corps motto, Pro Deo Et Patria (For
God and Country).
Chaplain
Dale Goetz was a man of uncommon faith. In 2002, he left his small
congregation in South Dakota to volunteer to serve in the Army, knowing
the risks he faced. According to one of his good friends,
'God was
using him. He was very actively witnessing. He didnt want to be just
a social worker. He wanted to see soldiers hear the Gospel and trust
Christ.' His devotion, his service to others, and his love of country
were an example to all.
I
had the honor of meeting Dale's widow, Christy. She, too, is a person
of tremendous faith. She and her late husband are an inspiration to
everyone whose lives they have touched. I trust that the people of
Colorado Springs will remember Dale every time they enter or see this post
office, and that they will remember his patriotism, his courage, and
his faith.
Army
Chaplain Dale Alan Goetz
I toured
the new VA Hospital under construction in the Denver-Aurora region along
with Congressman Mike Coffman and House Veterans Affairs Committee
Chairman Jeff Miller. We received a status update from Deputy VA
Secretary Sloan Gibson on the troubled project. The Army Corps of Engineers
is now involved and the VA is forming an investigation board to get to
the bottom of mismanagement that has swirled around the
construction.
I also participated in two House Veterans
Affairs Committee hearings. The first addressed construction
mismanagement at the new VA Hospital in the Denver Region. The second was
a
Disability
Assistance and Memorial Affairs Subcommittee hearing regarding the
growing disability appeals backlog facing the
VA.
Please click
HERE
to watch my questions on
construction mismanagement
Please click
HERE
to watch my questions on the disability appeals
backlog
LEADING IN
CONGRESS
I have been named as the Chairman of the
House Natural Resources Committee's Subcommittee on Energy and Mineral
Resources. I have also been named to serve on the Oversight and
Investigations Subcommittee.
It is a tremendous honor to once again be entrusted to serve as the
Chairman of the Subcommittee on Energy and Mineral Resources. Overseeing
energy production on federal lands, both onshore and off, is an
extremely important responsibility that I take very seriously. I will
continue to be a strong voice leading my subcommittee toward an
all-of-the-above energy approach designed to expand our energy independence and
create an environment for new American jobs. I am also pleased to be
appointed to serve on the new Subcommittee on Oversight and
Investigations where I can continue to rein in this out of control Administration
and prevent government waste, fraud and
abuse.
Information on
the Subcommittees
The Subcommittee on Energy and Mineral Resources oversees American
energy production and mining on the 2 1/2 billion acre federal estate
both onshore and offshore. Republicans on the Subcommittee
are committed to the environmentally responsible development of
Americas vast energy and mineral resources that will expand our domestic
energy supply, create new American jobs, lessen our dependence on foreign
sources of energy and minerals, and generate revenue for federal and
state treasuries.
The Subcommittee
on Oversight and Investigations is a new Subcommittee that will gather
together the oversight missions of the other subcommittees into a
single
entity.
I joined my colleague Rep. Adam Schiff (D-CA)
in announcing the re-launch of the Space Power Caucus in the U.S. House
of Representatives. The bipartisan caucus will focus on educating
members and their staff on the important role that space plays in our
national security. Reps. Lamborn and Schiff will serve as Co-Chairmen of
the Space Power Caucus.
Our
national security is at risk in space, for a variety of reasons, and it
is vital that Members of Congress understand the importance of space
for our nations safety, security and prosperity. The United States
must maintain our asymmetric advantage in space and that wont happen
without Congressional support and
oversight.
"America's mastery of the intricacies of space
travel has revolutionized our understanding of our place in the universe,
but it has also become a vital part of our national security.
Space-based platforms are instrumental in alerting us to a variety of
conventional and unconventional threats, allowing us to monitor hotspots
around the world and to provide crucial intelligence on missile launches
and nuclear detonations."
- Congressman Adam Schiff (CA-28)
The Space Power Caucus did not exist in the 113th Congress, but
did exist previously under different leadership. Past co-chairmen have
included Rep. Jane Harman (D-CA) and Sen. John Kyl
(R-AZ).
SUPPORTING OUR NATIONAL DEFENSE
Recently, I was able to participate in a trip to the USS Theodore
Roosevelt. I gained a greater understanding of the operational capabilities
of a nuclear powered aircraft carrier, a vessel that is vital to our
national security.
\
Interesting Articles and Recommended
Reading
Denver Post Op-Ed: The PIONEERS Act will
contribute to U.S. energy future
by
Congressman Doug Lamborn
Denver Post Op-Ed: Please, don't
protect Browns Canyon more
by Sean
Paige
Lawmakers revive space caucus
by The Washington Examiner
Lamborn,
Schiff Re-establish Space Power Caucus in
House
by SpaceNews
Israels Minister Without
Apologies
by the Wall Street Journal
Social Media
Update
If you would like to follow me on
twitter please find me at
@RepDLamborn
On
my Facebook
this week constituents shared their
feelings on the State of the Union
address:
Desiree
Allen
-
Someone is wearing rose color glasses. Record high amount of
Americans on food stamps, healthcare premiums have sky rocketed, the VA system
is in shambles, and how many trillion dollars are we in
debt.
Keith Plamondon
-
Don't forget the lowest workforce participation
since before WWII. The biggest is the $18 trillion in debt. The U.S.
General Accounting Office says we are rapidly approaching "an
unsustainable debt." The debt was a little over $10 trillion when Obama took
office. He has overseen more spending than all previous administrations
combined!
Lori Hoffman
-
Yes, now that he has lost the Congress and the
Senate he wants to work with the Republicans, the whole time
threatening to Veto any bill they put in front of
him.
Kenneth Sherman
-
Same
old dog and pony, shell game, smoke and mirrors. Nothing new from
this president. Blame game, my way our highway. Stupid is as does.
Nothing will change, just have to see if we make it to
2017.
Nicole
Butler
-
I'm rewatching the SOTU on YouTube. The POTUS speaks with a
lot of general but grandiose ideals as if we each have money trees in
our front yards, the "bad guys" are just misunderstood friends aka Iran,
vaccines treat antibiotic-resistant bacteria (vaccines boost immunity
against viruses)...What planet (I really do not want to be
disrespectful) is the President living on? What reality does he perceive? This
isn't Star Trek. How does he not see our national debt? I already had
thousands taken out for social security. Now he wants to take more for
a MyIRA?! What is that? Is it government controlled? Will I have a
choice? Will we be forced into it like we were with
ACA?
CONTACT INFORMATION
WASHINGTON OFFICE
2402 Rayburn HOB |
Washington, DC
20515
Phone: (202) 225-4422
Fax:
(202) 226-2638
DISTRICT OFFICES 1125 Kelly Johnson
Blvd., Suite 330
Colorado Springs, CO 80920
Phone: (719) 520-0055 |
Fax: (719) 520-0840
DISTRICT OFFICES
415 Main Street |
Buena Vista, CO 81211
Phone: (719)
520-0055 |
Fax: (719) 520-0840
Update My Profile
-
Unsubscribe
-
Privacy
Policy
gateway mail
end 