
If you are having trouble viewing this message
or would like to share it on a social network, you can
view the message online .
About Lynn
|
Constituent Services
|
Issues
|
Media Center
|
Legislative Center
|
Georgia's Third District
|
Contact Me
January 18, 2015
Westmoreland Votes to Prevent Executive Amnesty, Fund
DHS
Wednesday, the House
passed H. R. 240, the 2015 Department of Homeland Security
Appropriations Act. The bill blocks and defunds President Obama and his
administration from issuing an executive action to grant amnesty or deferred
deportation to unlawful aliens. The bill also stops the presidents
deferred action program for children, known as DACA, and increases the
priority of deporting illegal immigrants that have been convicted of
domestic and/or sexual abuse. In addition, the bill sets the funding for
the Department of Homeland Security (DHS) at $39.7 billion, increases
funding for Customs and Border Protection to secure the border, and
cuts many of the low priority programs to reduce wasteful spending. I
strongly supported this bill.
In
November, the House made a commitment to block any action by the
president to grant amnesty to those who came here illegally. The DHS funding
bill that passed in the House on Wednesday honors that commitment. Not
only did we restrict President Obama from acting alone on immigration,
but we set forth a clear and direct budget for DHS that supports the
largest border operational force levels in history. It prioritizes
frontline security to enhance our counterterrorism program and helps
provide law enforcement with the right tools to keep our nation safe. I
strongly advise President Obama to put aside his personal political
agenda and listen to the American people, including myself, who
overwhelmingly dont want amnesty of any
form.
The 2015 DHS Appropriations Act will now head to the Senate where
Majority Leader Mitch McConnell will schedule it for a
vote.
Share on Facebook
Share on
Twitter
Capitol
Corner: The Year of the Veto
Threat
Last week, the House passed jobs bills that restore the 40 hour work
week under Obamacare and approve the construction of the Keystone XL
pipeline. For the first time in years the jobs bills passed by the House
have a chance to pass in the Senate, and the American people may
finally see some relief in the job market. But before Senate Majority
Leader Mitch McConnell could add them to the Senate calendar, President
Obama issued veto threats on both of the
bills.
Losing control of the Senate has left President Obama
with two options to protect his liberal agenda: vetoing legislation
from Congress or passing executive orders. Vetoing good, bipartisan
bills does nothing to end the gridlock in Congress and without the
president offering his own solution or working with Congress, it freezes any
progress made. Bypassing congress and issuing executive orders, is
one of the reasons for the historical change we saw in the last
election. The American people dont want executive orders and the president
acting alone on national reforms, like immigration or education. The
people want the government to do its job, and when the president issues
vetoes or executive orders, he isnt allowing Congress to do
so.
If we learned anything from the
November elections its that Americans are tired of the way the President
and Senate Democrats have been running the country, and that they
want conservative ideas enacted in law. The new Congress is an
opportunity for the president to show leadership and work with Congress, not to
continue his destructive pattern of going around it. I will continue
to hold the president and the administration accountable, and will work
with my colleagues to make sure this is a year of progress, not
vetoes.
Share on Facebook
Share on Twitter
Join the
Conversation
Tell a
Friend
E-mail:
In Other
News
VIDEO: Westmoreland Remembers
Fayetteville's Robert Jordan
On January, 14, 2015,
Congressman Lynn Westmoreland (R-GA) remembered the honorable life of his
friend, Robert Jordan of Fayetteville, Georgia on the floor of the U.S.
House of Representatives...
The Select Committee on Benghazi: Select Committee on Benghazi
Holds Closed Meetings
The Select Committee on
Benghazi held a closed-door, classified briefing this week with the
Department of State about the Sept. 11, 2012 terrorist attacks that left the
U.S. ambassador to Libya, a State Department communications officer and
two U.S. security agents dead...
The Atlanta Journal-Constitution: Report:184,000 immigrants living
illegally in metro Atlanta
An estimated 184,000
immigrants are living illegally in metro Atlanta and 68,000 of them are
eligible for work permits and temporary relief from deportation under
the Obama administrations executive actions on immigration, an
expansive new report shows...
New York
Times: Terrorism Suspects Detained in Police Sweeps Across
Europe
European investigators moved on a broad front Friday
to sweep up suspected militants, with the police announcing that 13
Belgians had been detained in this country and two in France, a day
after two other Belgians believed to be planning an attack on police
officers were killed in a shootout...
WASHINGTON, DC OFFICE 2433 Rayburn House Office
Bldg Washington, DC 20515 Phone (202) 225-5901 Fax (202) 225-2515
THIRD DISTRICT OFFICE
1601-B East Highway 34 Newnan, Georgia
30265 Phone (770) 683-2033 Fax (770) 683-2042
Unsubscribe
|
Update My Profile
|
Privacy
Policy
