
2014 Year in Review
Friend -
Over the past year, I have continued my travels across Maryland, meeting
with Maryland families and community and business leaders as I fight for
the day to day needs of Marylanders and the long-range needs of the
nation.
As we begin a new year, here is a look back at a few of my favorite
moments from 2014. I'm honored to be your senator from Maryland and for
Maryland. I will continue to look forward, fighting for you every day in
every way.
For updates and photos throughout the year, and to share your thoughts
with me, please follow me on Twitter
and like my Facebook
page.
Have a happy, safe and healthy new year!
Senator Barb
--
DECEMBER 2013
On Monday, December 3, 2013 on the first stop of her Eastern Shore Jobs
Tour, Senator Mikulski joined Crisfield Mayor P.J. Purnell, Maryland
Senator Jim Mathias and local leaders to cut the ribbon opening the
newly restored Crisfield Depot devastated by Super Storm Sandy. Senator
Mikulski worked to secure federal funding to rebuild the pier which
plays a critical role for commerce and jobs in Crisfield.
On Monday, December 3, 2013, Senator Mikulski continued her Eastern
Shore Jobs Tour meeting with members of the Ocean City Hotel, Motel and
Restaurant Association to discuss jobs in Maryland's tourism economy.
Senator Mikulski discussed her work to promote tourism jobs as a
champion for visa waiver legislation to support seasonal travel and
tourism workers, expanding broadband to the Lower Shore through the One
Maryland Broadband Network and protecting beaches and boardwalks through
beach replenishment, helping Ocean City weather Super Storm Sandy.
JANUARY 2014
On Tuesday, January 7, 2014, Senator Mikulski joined with leaders of the
Anne Arundel Dr. Martin Luther King, Jr. Committee in accepting the
organization's Morris H. Blum Humanitarian Award for her commitment to
civil rights, equality and social justice. Together they honored the
life and legacy of Dr. King standing firm in their commitment to
neighbor helping neighbor.
On Monday, January 6, 2014, Senator Mikulski was joined by Metro General
Manager and CEO Richard Sarles together with Maryland leaders to unveil
the Washington Metropolitan Area Transit Authority's (WMATA) new
7000-series railcars. The cars will fulfill a critical National
Transportation Safety Board (NTSB) recommendation by replacing Metro's
oldest cars, while also adding train capacity, with components
manufactured in Maryland supporting local jobs.
On Wednesday, January 22, 2014, Senator Mikulski was joined by Baltimore
County Public Schools Superintendent S. Dallas Dance, Baltimore County
Executive Kevin Kamenetz and Baltimore County Police Chief Jim Johnson
to announce funds in the federal checkbook to support the Comprehensive
School Safety Initiative to improve school safety. The initiative allows
for communities to work together to improve safety while children are in
school through grants to develop and implement locally-developed school
safety plans.
FEBRUARY 2014
On Monday, February 24, 2014, Senator Mikulski, Chairwoman of the Senate
Appropriations Committee, continued her Maryland Jobs Tour at the
National Institutes of Health (NIH) in Montgomery County, touring
laboratories, meeting researchers and health professionals along with
patients who have benefited from NIH health research and innovation.
Senator Mikulski announced that the Consolidated Appropriations Act of
2014, legislation she introduced that was signed into law by President
Obama, champions federal employee jobs in Maryland and supports public
health across the nation.
MARCH 2014
On Wednesday, March 19, 2014, Senator Mikulski toured BAE Systems, Inc.
in St. Mary's County as part of her three-stop Southern Maryland Jobs
Tour where she met with leaders of Maryland's public and private defense
assets and community leaders to discuss her fight to support jobs that
make our nation safer and Maryland's economy stronger. Senator Mikulski
saw first-hand the development of electronic, security and intelligence
systems ensuring those protecting our nation have the tools they need to
keep us safe.
On Thursday, March 20, 2014, Senator Mikulski, a senior member of the
Senate Health, Education, Labor and Pensions (HELP) Committee, visited
the Milford Mill Child Development Center in Baltimore County to convene
a roundtable discussion with leaders in childcare and education along
with local families on the importance child care that's available,
affordable high-quality and safe for working families. Senator Mikulski
toured the center, meeting with teachers and children participating in
learning development activities.
APRIL 2014
On Tuesday, April 1, 2014, Senator Mikulski was joined by Senate women,
advocates and victims of pay discrimination to urge the Senate to take
up and pass the Paycheck Fairness Act, legislation which Senator
Mikulski introduced to help close the wage gap between women and men
working equivalent jobs, costing women and their families $434,000 over
their careers.
On Wednesday, April 23, 2014, Senator Mikulski joined with members of
the Di Pasquale family, employees and diners to present a certificate
from the U.S. Senate celebrating the 100th anniversary of DiPasquale's
Italian Marketplace in Baltimore's Highlandtown neighborhood. Senator
Mikulski is the daughter and granddaughter of small business owners and
grew up in Highlandtown, where her family frequently visited
DiPasquale's.
On Wednesday, April 23, 2014, Senator Mikulski met with Maryland
Adjutant General Major General James A. Adkins and leaders of the
Maryland National Guard at the 5th Regiment Armory in Baltimore where
she announced her support for a proposed national Commission on Army
Force Structure to promote the mission of the Maryland Army National
Guard keeping Maryland and our nation safe.
MAY 2014
On Wednesday, May 14, 2014, Senator Mikulski met with students from
Patapsco High School and Center for the Arts - located in Dundalk in
Baltimore County - during their visit to the U.S. Capitol. Senator
Mikulski discussed the importance of quality education as a critical
rung on America's opportunity ladder leading to successful futures.
JUNE 2014
On Monday, June 2, 2014, Senator Mikulski (D-Md.), in a ceremony held at
Ft. McHenry, honored Staff Sergeant Retired Leonardo Martinez, the last
living Borinqueneer from Maryland. Leonardo Martinez was awarded a
Purple Heart for his service in the Korean War as a member of the 65th
Infantry Regiment, also known as the Borinqueneers, an Hispanic
segregated unit composed primarily of Puerto Rican soldiers fighting in
World War I, World War II and the Korean War.
JULY 2014
On Thursday, July 3, 2014, Senator Mikulski joined and state and local
first responders at the Rosedale Volunteer Fire Company in Baltimore
County to announce two federal grants totaling $4.6 million that will
address equipment and staffing needs for first responders in Baltimore
and throughout Maryland. As a senior member of the Senate Appropriations
Committee, Senator Mikulski fights each year to increase federal funding
for the fire grants program to protect lives and livelihoods across the
state.
On Monday, July 7, 2014, Senator Mikulski together with Senator Ben
Cardin toured Baltimore City's Montebello Water Treatment Plant # 1
where they called for addressing our nation's aging water infrastructure
to be a national priority. Opened in 1915, the 99-year old facility is
one of three major municipal water filtration plants in Baltimore,
providing clean drinking water to residents of Baltimore City, and parts
of Baltimore, Howard and Anne Arundel counties.
On Tuesday, July 29, 2014, Senators Mikulski and Ben Cardin along with
Representatives Steny H. Hoyer and Donna F. Edwards as well as Prince
George's County Executive Rushern L. Baker, III
and County Council
Chairman Mel Franklin announced the inclusion of two proposed sites,
Greenbelt and Landover, in Prince George's County, Maryland, on the
General Services Administration's (GSA) short-list of eligible sites to
serve as the future home of the Federal Bureau of Investigation (FBI),
supporting our national security and Maryland's economic security.
AUGUST 2014
On Monday, August 4, 2014, Senator Mikulski met with members of the
Maryland Council of Community College Presidents, education leaders from
across Maryland, while on her College Affordability Tour to discuss her
fight to ensure access to quality, affordable higher education for
Maryland's college students.
On Tuesday, August 5, 2014, Senator Mikulski participated in a ribbon
cutting to dedicate the new expansion of the Dr. Edward J. Poziomek
Advanced Chemistry Laboratory at Aberdeen Proving Ground in Harford
County. The new state-of-the-art facility is the nation's only facility
providing advanced, cutting-edge research and development on chemical
threats and counter-chemical agents, making our nation safer and
Maryland's economy stronger.
On Monday, August 11, 2014, Senator Mikulski was joined by U.S.
Representative Elijah Cummings, Baltimore Mayor Stephanie Rawlings-Blake
(all D-Md.) and U.S. Department of Transportation's Federal Railroad
Administrator Joseph C. Szabo at Baltimore's B&P; Tunnel to announce
Congressional passage of Highway Trust Fund legislation, which saved
9,000 Maryland construction jobs at the peak of construction season, as
well as to call for predictable, long-term funding for the nation's
transportation funding and highlight work on the B&P; Tunnel.
SEPTEMBER 2014
On Saturday, September 13, 2014, Senator Mikulski joined with thousands
of Maryland families, Baltimore leaders and Vice President Joe Biden at
the Star Spangled Spectacular at Baltimores Fort McHenry commemorating
the 200th anniversary of the victorious Battle of Baltimore during the
War of 1812. It was this decisive battle that was the inspiration for
our nations National Anthem.
On Wednesday, September 17, 2014, Senator Mikulski, Dean of the Senate
women, met with Maryland Girl Scouts while receiving the Alice Award for
women's leadership from the Sewell-Belmont House & Museum in Washington,
D.C. Senator Mikulski is a former Girl Scout and Co-Chair of Honorary
Troop 1 on Capitol Hill, made up of women serving in Congress who have
been Girl Scouts.
On Thursday, September 25, 2014, Senator Mikulski continued her Maryland
Jobs Tour at Volvo Group Trucks in Washington County. There, Senator
Mikulski announced she successfully fought to include federal funding
for Volvo's participation in the Super Truck Program in the Department
of Energy's (DoE) fiscal year 2015 (FY15) budget bill for the fourth
year in a row. The SuperTruck Program helps support the mission and jobs
of Volvo's Hagerstown development and production facility, which employs
1,600 people.
OCTOBER 2014
On Friday, October 17, 2014, Senator Mikulski toured the Howard County
Senior Expo and met with Maryland seniors. Senator Mikulski discussed
her continued fight to give seniors a fair shot by protecting Social
Security and standing firm against efforts to privatize Medicare.
On Wednesday, October 15, 2014, Senator Mikulski convened a Western
Maryland College Affordability Summit at Allegany College of Maryland.
The Summit, part of her statewide College Affordability Tour, focused on
the many challenges Maryland students and families face in paying for
higher education as well as the impact on jobs and communities. Senator
Mikulski was joined by Maryland students, business leaders as well as
education leaders from Allegany College, Frostburg State University and
Garrett College.
On Monday, October 27, 2014, U.S. Senators Barbara A. Mikulski and Ben
Cardin together with Fort Meade Garrison Commander Colonel Brian Foley
announced $10,000,000 in federal funding to widen MD 175 at Fort Meade,
to cut down on congestion and make the roadway safer and more efficient.
The project will create construction jobs today and support the 56,000
men and women who live and work at Fort Meade.
NOVEMBER 2014
On Monday, November 3, 2014, Senator Mikulski participated in the grand
opening of the new AmeriCorps National Civilian Community Corps (NCCC)
Atlantic Region Campus in Baltimore. Senator Mikulski was joined by
Corporation for National and Community Service (CNCS) CEO Wendy Spencer
and AmeriCorps volunteers in taking the AmeriCorps pledge and touring
the new campus. As a senior member of the Senate Appropriations
Committee, Senator Mikulski put funds in the federal checkbook dedicated
to establishing the new campus.
On Monday, November 24, 2014, Senators Barbara A. Mikulski joined with
former Sparrows Point workers and their families to honor the legacy of
the Sparrows Point community and continue her fight to support jobs in
Baltimore County. Senator Mikulski joined with Senator Cardin and
Congressman Ruppersberger to honor the history and legacy of Sparrows
Point and its workers. Sparrows Point workers have produced steel there
for more than a century. From forging the trusses for the Golden Gate
Bridge to building the ships that took America to war, no mill has
played a larger role in the history of Baltimore or America.
DECEMBER 2014
On Wednesday, December 3, 2014, Senator Mikulski, Chairwoman of the
Senate Appropriations Committee and member of the Senate Military Family
Caucus and the Veterans Jobs Caucus, meets with leaders of Disabled
American Veterans (DAV). Senator Mikulski championed a new change in law
signed by the President that keeps our nation's promises to veterans by
changing the law to authorize funding a year in advance for veterans
pensions, spousal support, compensation for service-related injuries and
education benefits. This change in law will ensure that beginning in
fiscal year (FY) 2016, veterans and military families have certainty in
the benefits they've earned and deserve, regardless of shutdowns or
gridlock in Congress.
On Friday, December 19, 2014, Senator Mikulski visited Baltimore small
businesses Morstein's Jewelers and Tarlow Furs, Ltd to thank their
owners for decades of service to the greater Baltimore community.
Morstein's had been open for business in Baltimore since 1898. Tarlow's
had been open for business on Charles Street since 1939. As the daughter
and granddaughter of small business owners, Senator Mikulski knows the
important role they play in weaving the social fabric of their
communities.
On Wednesday, December 17, 2014, Senator Mikulski and Senator Ben Cardin
welcomed home Alan Gross, a Maryland resident of Montgomery County who
had been wrongfully imprisoned in Cuba for more than five years.
Senators Mikulski and Cardin, along with Mr. Gross' wife Judy, worked
for years with the Obama Administration, the Cuban government and the
Vatican to secure his humanitarian release. Senator Mikulski kept in
close contact with Alan and Judy Gross throughout his long imprisonment.
Subscribe to my E-newsletters
Contact Me
503 Hart Senate Office Building
Washington, DC 20510
202-224-4654
http://www.mikulski.senate.gov/contact
Please do not respond directly to this e-mail. The originating e-mail
account is not monitored.
If you would like to get in touch with me, please click here.
