
If you are having trouble
viewing this message or would like to share it on a social network, you
can
view the message
online .
About Lynn
|
Constituent Services
|
Issues
|
Media Center
|
Legislative Center
|
Georgia's Third District
|
Contact Me
December 14, 2014
Benghazi Select Committee Holds Second
Hearing
Wednesday,
the U.S. House of Representatives Select Committee on Benghazi held its
second hearing on the implementation of the Accountability Review
Board (ARB) recommendations following the attack on the U.S. Embassy in
Benghazi, Libya. It also examined the protocol and effectiveness of
security upgrade prioritization of U.S. Embassies by the State
Department.
In this second hearing, we had
an opportunity to follow up with the State Department on many of the
embassy security questions we didn't get answered in September. What
we've learned is that the ARB providing closed recommendations does not
mean that the problem has been fixed. The State Departments physical
security upgrade protocol and prioritization system, especially for
high threat posts, need to be thoroughly evaluated so that American
diplomats have the best protection
available.
We have a long way to go in this investigation and I want the
American people to be confident that the buck stops here. We owe it to
the victims and their families, as well as all other Americans
serving in the U.S. Embassies across the world, to conduct a fair and
impartial investigation so the American people can finally know the
truth.
The Select Committee on Benghazi
was created by Speaker of the House John Boehner to investigate the
events leading up to, during, and after the attack on the U.S. Embassy in
Benghazi, Libya. In addition to the Select Committee on Benghazi, I
also serves as Chairman of Oversight and Investigations on the House
Permanent Select Committee on
Intelligence.
To watch my questioning of the witnesses, please
click here
for part one, and
click here
for part
two.
Share on Facebook
Share on Twitter
Capitol Corner: Carter's Big Clean
Up
For six years, Americas international presence has
diminished. Under President Obama, we have become a nation of speeches, not
action. This is partly due to his poor selection of cabinet advisors,
where he appears to have fulfilled favors and appeased campaign donors.
By failing to nominate the most experienced and qualified candidate for
the job, we have scandals left and right, and America is losing the
respect it maintained for hundreds of
years.
The nomination of Secretary Chuck Hagel almost two
years ago was largely disputed because Republicans in Congress knew we
needed a stronger presence as our Secretary of Defense. One who will put
protecting Americans and our international interests above all else
and as weve seen through his record, Secretary Hagel fell short of
doing so.
On December 5,
President Obama announced his nomination to replace Chuck Hagel for
the Secretary of the Department of Defense: Ashton Ash Carter. Ash
Carter previously served as deputy defense secretary for President Obama
and is now tasked with cleaning up the foreign affairs
mess.
Ash Carter has his work cut out for
him. The ISIL threat hasnt slowed down, hostages are still being
beheaded, and Iran nuclear negotiations have been delayed
just to name a
few. Carter must roll up his sleeves and get to work. Terrorists need
to be reminded that America does not back down, and that bullying,
extremism, and genocide will not be tolerated. Across the globe, nations
are looking for someone to step out and lead, and that needs to be
America again.
Share on
Facebook
Share on Twitter
Join the
Conversation
Tell a
Friend
E-mail:
In Other
News
Westmoreland Joins 'Lou
Dobbs Tonight'
On Wednesday, December 10, 2014,
Congressman Lynn Westmoreland (R-GA) joined Lou Dobbs on Fox Business to
discuss the Benghazi Select Committee's second hearing, the Senate
Intel Report, and the spending bill...
The Consolidated and Future Continuing Appropriations Act
of 2015
I voted for the H.R. 83, the Consolidated
and Future Continuing Appropriations Act of 2015, or CRomnibus,
because it cuts the scandal ridden and abusive agencies like the EPA and
IRS...
Westmoreland Honors
Georgia Rural Electric Cooperative Volunteers
On
Thursday, December 11, 2014, Congressman Lynn Westmoreland thanked
Phil Hogan, Josh Allen, James Weston Abbott, and Shea Lasseter for their
volunteer work in Costa Rica...
H.R. 5810 House Floor Speech
On Wednesday,
December 10, 2014, Congressman Lynn Westmoreland (R-GA) spoke on the
House floor in support of H.R. 5810, a bill to amend the United States
Cotton Futures Act...
WASHINGTON, DC
OFFICE 2433 Rayburn House Office Bldg Washington, DC
20515 Phone (202) 225-5901 Fax (202) 225-2515
THIRD DISTRICT OFFICE
1601-B East Highway 34 Newnan, Georgia
30265 Phone (770) 683-2033 Fax (770) 683-2042
Unsubscribe
|
Update My Profile
|
Privacy
Policy
