
A Deserving Tribute
On Monday, the House of Representatives voted to rename the
Woodland Avenue Veterans Affairs Medical Center
after Corporal Michael J. Crescenz - Philadelphia's only Medal of Honor recipient from the Vietnam War.
This is great news.
I introduced the bill in the Senate , and I was thrilled to see the House and Senate work together in a bipartisan manner to honor one of our country's great heroes. I look forward to seeing his name above the entrance to the facility.
If you haven't heard Corporal Crescenz's story -
you have to read it here . It's a story of bravery, courage, and sacrifice.
Protecting America's Children
On Saturday night, I joined the
Montgomery Child Advocacy Project
to celebrate their 10-year anniversary. The event highlighted efforts to protect children and those working with children who have been abused or neglected.
While they recognized my bipartisan work in the Senate to protect children from abuse or neglect, it is important to understand that we all have a responsibility to watch out for kids. I am looking forward to advancing
my bipartisan bill
to protect America's school children in the New Year. I hope the Senate will pass this commonsense proposal to require background checks for teachers and school employees. I believe this step will help prevent sexual predators from infiltrating our nation's classrooms.
Keeping Children Healthy
On Wednesday morning, I was pleased to host Madeline Bell, President and COO of
The Children's Hospital of Philadelphia
at my office. CHOP was the nation's first hospital dedicated to the care of children, and it plays a major role in the Philadelphia community by promoting children's health and supporting pediatric networks.
We were joined by Robert Hall of the American Academy of Pediatrics and Jennifer Rudisill of the Children's Hospital Association. The best way for me to learn about issues important to Pennsylvanians is to meet with dedicated constituents committed to making a difference.
Setting An Example
On Thursday, the Senate passed a resolution Senator Bob Casey and I offered honoring the 100 th
anniversary of the
Big Brothers Big Sisters of Southeastern Pennsylvania . This non-profit organization provides at-risk children facing adversity with strong, enduring, and professionally supported one-to-one mentoring relationships.
The Philadelphia branch of this organization has grown into a four-county agency serving both boys and girls. It supports nearly 3,100 mentorships and has shown to help participants perform better in school and develop better relationships with their family and friends. Big Brothers Big Sisters of Southeastern Pennsylvania continues to do everything in its power to reach the 250,000 at-risk youth in its region.
I am proud that two of my staff members are mentors in the school-based program in Philadelphia. They meet with their "littles" during their lunch hour at school once each week to chat and play games. Philadelphia is lucky to have such a dedicated organization serving the community's youth.
#PatsFacts
- On December 12, 1787, Pennsylvania became the second state to ratify the U.S. Constitution, five days after Delaware, by a vote of 46-23. Frederick Muhlenberg (who would become the first speaker of the House of Representatives) presided as president of the ratification convention, with PA Supreme Court Chief Justice (and future 2nd governor) Thomas McKean as the leading voice of the opposition. The Constitution took effect with its ratification by the ninth state, New Hampshire, on June 21, 1788 (2/3 were needed).
- The first Pennsylvanian to sit on the United States Supreme Court was James Wilson. He was a Reading lawyer, a signer of the Declaration of Independence, a primary drafter of the Constitution, and one of the six original nominees to the highest bench by George Washington.
- On December 5, 1933, Pennsylvania, Utah, and Ohio approved the 21st amendment, fully ratifying the repeal of prohibition. Today, Pennsylvania is home to more than 100 breweries throughout the state.
Follow me on
Facebook
and
Twitter
to stay up to date on
#PatsFacts
and my work in Pennsylvania and Washington!
ALLENTOWN, PA
PH: (610) 434-1444
ERIE, PA
PH: (814) 453-3010
HARRISBURG, PA
PH: (717) 782-3951
JOHNSTOWN, PA
PH: (814) 266-5970
PHILADELPHIA, PA
PH: (215) 241-1090
PITTSBURGH, PA
PH: (412) 803-3501
SCRANTON, PA
PH: (570) 941-3540
WASHINGTON, D.C.
PH: (202) 224-4254
UNSUBSCRIBE
