
Website
|
About
|
Contact Me
|
Serving You
|
Media Center
|
Legislative Work
|
Our District
|
Resources
December 19, 2014
The Scalise Capitol Report
Federal court ruling confirms President Obama can't grant amnesty
A federal court in Pennsylvania ruled earlier this week that President Obamas unlawful executive action on immigration is
unconstitutional . In addition, last week Congress passed a spending bill that
sets the stage
for a direct battle in January with President Obama over his unlawful attempts to give blanket amnesty to millions of people here illegally in just four weeks
when we get the reinforcements of a Republican Senate.
Despite some misinformation out there, the spending bill does not contain one dime of funding for President Obama's proposed illegal actions on amnesty. Americas new Congress will
continue to fight the presidents lawless, unconstitutional actions
in the halls of the U.S. Capitol and in our nations courts until our borders are secure and the rule of law has been restored.
Giving concessions to Cuba is dangerous
The presidents announcement declaring a historic shift in U.S. policy toward Cuba is the embodiment of this White Houses reckless and failed foreign policy.
While I welcome Alan Gross home
to his family here in America after five years of false imprisonment, Im disheartened by the Administrations decision to trade an unjustly imprisoned American aid worker for three convicted Cuban spies. This sets a dangerous precedent that emboldens dictatorial regimes like the Castros and further puts at risk the lives of Americans around the globe. Loosening travel and economic restrictions on the Castro regime will only aid and abet the communist Cuban government in the continuation of its sordid history of repression and abuse of its own people.
These actions confirm
my grave concerns regarding the failed foreign policy decision-making of this Administration which has a history of giving concessions to our enemies without getting any policy changes in return, just like when they eased sanctions against Iran without getting a reversal of their nuclear proliferation.
Click on the photo to watch me
discuss this foreign policy shift on WWL.
Celebrating Louisiana industries and businesses
As a strong supporter of
Louisiana's small businesses , I recognize the vital role they play in moving our economy forward and creating jobs. I met with several industry and business groups in Louisiana this week and shared with them how Im fighting to rein in bureaucratic agencies and repeal harmful rules and regulations so that Louisianas small businesses can thrive and grow, and we can restore our broken health care system. I will continue fighting for hard-working Louisiana families and our small businesses in the
114th Congress .
The importance of Louisiana ports and rivers
While at the World Trade Center of New Orleans (WTRNO) this week, I discussed the
positive impact the Mississippi River and Louisiana's ports have on our national economy, our global competitiveness , and American job creation. A newly released report by WTRNO and Big River Coalition confirms this. The findings in the report state the Mississippi River Basin produces 92 percent of our nations agricultural exports and five Louisiana ports facilitate nearly three-quarters of our nations grain exports. In addition to reinforcing the importance of the mighty Mississippi, the study also highlights the importance of modernizing our waterborne infrastructure and the critical nature of deepening the Mississippi River to 50 feet in order to keep Louisiana competitive and dominant in domestic and international commerce.
Earlier this year , I proudly fought to ensure passage of the Water Resources Reform and Development Act, a bipartisan bill that strengthens our nations water transportation infrastructure and modernizes our ports.
It is an honor to represent you in Congress. I wish you and your family a blessed Christmas and a safe and happy New Year. For more information please visit my
website ,
Twitter ,
Instagram , and
Facebook
pages.
Merry Christmas,
Steve Scalise
House Majority Whip
WEBSITE
|
UNSUBSCRIBE
|
CONTACT
Washington DC Office
2338 Rayburn HOB
Washington, DC 20515
Phone: (202) 225-3015
Houma Office
8026 Main Street
Suite 700
Houma, LA 70360
Phone: (985) 879-2300
Metairie Office
110 Veterans Boulevard
Suite 500
Metairie, LA 70005
Phone: (504) 837-1259
Mandeville Office
21454 Koop Drive
Suite 1E
Mandeville, LA 70471
Phone: (985) 893-9064
Hammond Office
1514 Martens Drive
Suite 10
Hammond, LA 70401
Phone: (985) 340-2185
Click Here Click Here