
Saturday, January 24, 2015
WEBSITE
|
FORWARD TO A FRIEND
| SHARE ON:
Congressional Report
Dear Friends,
This past Monday, we honored the accomplishments and leadership of the late Dr. Martin Luther King, Jr. who helped lead the movement to gain voting and civil rights for all Americans.
I encourage you to give thanks to those who came before you and helped pave the way for a more equal and inclusive government for all citizens.
Please take a moment to read my latest update from this week in Washington and Texas Congressional District 28. You can stay connected by signing up for my weekly email
here.
Meeting with the president of Texas A&amp;M University - San Antonio
My outreach coordinator for Bexar County, Pete Arguello (left), met with Cynthia Teniente-Matson, Ed.D., and her husband Mike who was recently named Texas A&amp;M University San Antonio's new president during a welcome reception on Jan. 15 in San Antonio.
Affordable Care Act Enrollment Drives Throughout TX28:
ACA Enrollment Drive in Floresville
Residents in Wilson County were able to get information on health insurance plans during an ACA enrollment drive that I hosted at the Floresville Event Center on Jan. 14.
ACA Enrollment Drive in Zapata
My outreach coordinator for Webb, La Salle and Zapata Counties, Michael Buentello, joined community members for an ACA health insurance enrollment drive that I hosted in Zapata on Jan. 16.
Residents in Zapata get information and enroll in health insurance plans during an an Affordable Care Act workshop hosted by office at on Jan. 16.
ACA Enrollment Drive in Rio Grande City
My office hosted an ACA health insurance enrollment drive in Rio Grande City on Saturday with local agencies to assist residents with the process of enrolling in an affordable and quality health care plan from
HealthCare.gov . Remember that open enrollment ends Feb. 15.
Constituents from Starr County enrolled for health insurance during an ACA enrollment drive hosted by my office on Jan. 17 in Rio Grande City.
Calixtro Lopez and his family were able to receive assistance from Get Covered America and Cognosante while enrolling for a health insurance plan on
HealthCare.gov . From left to right are Nichole Hernandez from the Office of Congressman Cuellar, Starr County Judge Eloy Vera, the Lopez Family and Dora Correa from Get Covered America.
TX28 Federal Agency Tips
Click on the image above to view a video from the Federal Trade Commission on how to back up your computer files.
You probably have a lot of personal and important information stored on your computer.
This video from the Federal Trade Commission
explains why it is necessary to back up your computer files in order to practice good computer security habits and protect against hackers and viruses.
Intern Spotlight
Allison Kowalczyk is an intern in my Washington, D.C., office. She is originally from East Hampton, Connecticut, but resides in Kingwood, Texas, and is currently a junior at Texas Tech University where she is double majoring in English and German.
After her internship, Allison plans to study abroad in Germany in the spring of 2016 and attend graduate school in California.
Read more about Allison and other interns in my office
here.
Sincerely,
Henry Cuellar
The House of Representatives is in recess next week
CONNECT
Rep. Cuellar In the News
1/19/15, KGNS: Homeland Appropriations Bill goes to Senate
1/18/15, Rio Grande Guardian: Cuellar: Eventually, We Will Get a 'Clean' Homeland Security Bill
1/15/15, El Quiosco: Congresista Cuellar obtiene beneficios para la CBP
1/15/15, KSAT: Cuellar says border crossing at lowest mark in 20 years
1/15/15, Laredo Morning Times: Cuellar to host Laredo teacher at State of the Union Address
1/14/15, My Harlingen News: Congressman successfully added language that ensures Border Patrol officers conduct themselves with the upmost professionalism, expands eligibility of Homeland Security grants
Neighborhood Office Hours
Tuesday, January 27
Poteet City Hall
474 Avenue H
10:00am - 11:00am
Poteet, TX
Lytle City Hall
14916 Main
12:00pm - 1:00pm
Lytle, TX
Have a question about neighborhood office hours?
Call my toll free number at 877-780-0028
NOTE: Please DO NOT respond to this email as this inbox is unattended. To contact my office please
click here
UPDATE SUBSCRIPTION OPTIONS
|
PRIVACY POLICY
|
CONTACT US
Click Here Click Here