
December 21, 2014
WEBSITE
|
FORWARD TO A FRIEND
| SHARE ON:
Kline's Corner: Protecting Workers and Retirees
In This Week's Kline's Corner
Improving Workers' Retirement Security
Looking Forward to a New Congress
Mobile Office Visiting Communities
Protecting Workers and Retirees
Dear Friends,
Days before the 113 th
Congress came to a close last week, I was proud to champion bipartisan legislation that put workers and businesses one step closer toward having the tools they need to come together and save multiemployer pension plans that are facing imminent bankruptcy. I was pleased this bipartisan agreement became the law of the land to help prevent the collapse of failing plans and better protect workers retirement security. You can learn more by visiting my website
here . I also encourage you to read an article published Friday in the
Star Tribune
by Minnesotas own Supervalu and the United Food and Commercial Workers International Union conveying how important this reform is to Minnesota workers, retirees, and employers.
Looking Forward to a New Congress
Earlier this week, I visited with reporters in St. Paul to share my priorities for next year and the new Congress
the 114th Congress. I am grateful for the opportunity to serve Minnesotas 2nd Congressional District next, and am optimistic a new Congress will tackle the many challenges facing our nation. I encourage you to read news reports by the
Star Tribune
and
Pioneer Press
highlighting my thoughts on some of todays important issues, and my priorities for the next Congress. You can also
listen to my interview with MPR .
As your Congressman, it is my responsibility to represent the views of my constituents. As part of this role, I appreciate hearing from you on the issues you feel are important.
I value all feedback
from the men and women I am privileged to serve and am never more than an e-mail away.
Mobile Office Coming to Red Wing, Cannon Falls
I would like to encourage residents in Red Wing, Cannon Falls, and nearby communities to take advantage of the services available to them by visiting my mobile office on Thursday, Jan. 8. My mobile office will be at the Red Wing Courthouse (454 W. 6th Street) from 10:30-11:30 a.m., and the Cannon Falls Library (306 W. Mill Street) from 1:30-2:30 p.m. Staff will be available to answer questions and help you with the processing of your passport, claiming your veterans benefits, or with any other problems youre experiencing with the federal government without having to visit my office in Burnsville.
Finally, I would like to wish you a Merry Christmas and Happy New Year!
John Kline
Member of Congress
TOP NEWS
John Kline Statement on Senate Passage of Defense Bill
Minnesota Congressman John Kline released the following statement today after the U.S. Senate passed the National Defense Authorization Act (NDAA), which included bipartisan legislation Kline authored to secure legal services for victims of sexual assault in the National Guard and Reserve. The NDAA, which passed the House last week, advances to the White House where the President is expected to sign the bill into law:
Our Minnesota service members should not be impeded from seeking critical services in the aftermath of a sexual assault. This legislation is a good example of what can happen when we roll up our sleeves and work in a bipartisan way on behalf of the constituents we serve.
Read more .
UPDATE SUBSCRIPTION OPTIONS
|
PRIVACY POLICY
|
CONTACT US
Click Here Click Here