DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.0 Transitional//EN" "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml1/DTD/xhtml1-transitional.dtd"
District Update | January 16, 2015
Click here
if you have trouble viewing this email
Dear Friends,
After years of complacency by successive Administrations, of both parties, our North Korea policy can no longer be one of wishful thinking. For years, the United States and our allies have been rightly concerned about the threat from North Koreas nuclear and missile programs. Now, this brutal regime has added a new weapon to its arsenal: cyberattacks. The state-sanctioned cyber-attack on Sony Pictures underscored three unchanging facts about North Korea:
First, this rogue regime has no interest being a responsible state.
Second, while Kim Jong-un continues to carry out human rights abuses that the U.N. found have no parallel in the contemporary world - he continues to accumulate and advance his nuclear, missile and cyber weapons.
Third, North Koreas weapons are not merely for show. We and our allies in Northeast Asia are facing a brutal and dangerous regime fully prepared to deploy its arsenal.
North Koreas growing cyber capability emerged most starkly in 2013. Our ally South Korea suffered a series of cyberattacks that damaged its commercial and media networks, and disrupted banking services. Despite limited Internet capacity in the North Korea, defectors and security experts point to an elite cyber warfare unit known as Bureau 121 as the source of these attacks. Last years cyber-attack is estimated to have cost Sony hundreds of millions of dollars in damage. It was a state-sanctioned attack that has many Americans asking
if that is what North Korea can do to a movie company, how vulnerable is our critical infrastructure, such as our energy grid? What about my cyber security?
Earlier this month, the Administration announced long overdue sanctions targeting officials and front companies of the North Korean government. Im glad that the Administration has described this as a just the first aspect of its response, because many of those North Koreans blacklisted had already been targeted by U.S. sanctions. But, the significance of this new Executive Order may come from the broad power it gives the President to target anyone who is a part of the North Korean government or is assisting them in any way for anything.
That is, if the Administration chooses to use it to its full advantage. We need to step up and target those financial institutions in Asia and beyond that are supporting the brutal and dangerous North Korean regime.
Such sanctions have crippled North Korea in the past, leaving the regime unable to buy the loyalty of its generals.
The House Foreign Affairs Committee has been focused on the North Korea threat for years: bringing attention to the regimes human right abuses; its illicit criminal activities; its growing nuclear and missile programs; and helpful scrutiny of North Korean nuclear negotiations. Indeed, last Congress the House
passed legislation
that Congressman Eliot Engel (D-NY) and I authored to ramp up the financial pressure on North Korea: pressing for North Korea to be designated a primary money laundering concern (as has been done with Iran); curtailing its sale of weapons and stepping up inspections of North Korean ships, among other steps.
Unfortunately, the Senate failed to act on this critical legislation before it adjourned.
But well soon try again, and give the Senate a chance to
join us
in tackling this growing threat.
Sincerely,
Ed Royce
News for Jan. 9 - Jan. 16, 2015
Royce Offices Seek Summer 2015 Interns
Rep. Royce's D.C., Brea, and Rowland Heights offices offer internship opportunities for college students and recent graduates. Interns complete legislative research, attend Congressional hearings or events in the district, answer phones, read mail, and much more. All three offices are currently accepting applications for
Summer 2015 , apply
here .
Royce Office Hosts Military Academy Night
Every year, Rep. Royce has the privilege of nominating high school students from California's 39th Congressional District to our nation's prestigious military academies. This Spring, his staff will host a "Military Academy Night" that will serve as an informational session for students and parents interested in learning more about the application and nomination process. Past graduates from the academies and official liason officers will also be on hand. Event details are below:
Royce Military Academy Night
Date: Monday, March 16th
Time: 7:00 PM - 9:00 PM
Location: Buena Park City Hall
6650 Beach Blvd.
Buena Park, CA 90622
For more details or to RSVP, contact Stephanie Hu at (626) 964-5123 or
Stephanie.Hu@mail.house.gov .
Prayers offered in Costa Mesa for Victims of Human Trafficking
They sang, raised their arms to the sky and bowed their heads
this time, for victims of human trafficking.
A lot of people dont even realize its happening in their own backyard, said Alexis Miller, coordinator for Vanguard Universitys Global Center for Women and Justice, at the Pray for Freedom event Saturday at Newport Mesa Church. It happens in Irvine, in Costa Mesa, down the street from houses.
About 80 people attended the event, hosted by the Faith Alliance Against Slavery and Trafficking and the Vanguard center as part of National Weekend of Prayer to End Slavery and Trafficking. The service was available online and broadcast live to 14 churches and organizations across the country.
An estimated
27 million people around the world
are trafficking victims, which includes both sexual slavery and labor, according to a 2013 State Department report.
One common misconception is that the issue exclusively involves sex trafficking, said Vanguards Sandra Morgan, who led the event. Labor trafficking is much more prevalent, but its harder to find and requires more resources to investigate, she said.
In 2013, 226 victims of trafficking were rescued in Orange County, including a 12-year-old girl in Irvine, according to a recent Vanguard video. Of those rescued, 154 were American and 64 were minors forced to work against their will or sold into sexual slavery.
Anaheim resident Lynne Bradley, 71, said she wasnt aware of the severity of the situation in the United States or that these activities occur in affluent communities.
Speakers including Morris, Rep. Ed Royce and others offered prayers for the victims of human trafficking
often the poor, minorities, immigrants and other excluded populations.
We gather together today ... to pray for victims of human trafficking and prevent further incidents, said Royce, who represents Californias 39th Congressional District.
Read more
Rep. Royce Cosponsors Anti-Human Trafficking SAVE Act
This week Rep. Royce lent his support to legislation that would make it unlawful to profit from the distribution of advertising that offers a commercial sex act. The protections included in the SAVE Act apply to two classes of victim: underage children and those who are being forced to engage in commercial sex acts against their will.
Furthermore, the offense created by the SAVE Act applies to any form of advertisement; online postings, newspaper classifieds, and billboards would be considered unlawful if the advertiser knows they would lead to sex trafficking.
CONNECT
Facebook
Youtube
ORANGE COUNTY OFFICE
210 W. Birch Street, Ste 201
Brea, CA 92821
T (714) 255-0101
LOS ANGELES COUNTY OFFICE
1380 S. Fullerton Road, Suite 205
Rowland Heights, CA 91748
T (626) 964-5123
WASHINGTON, DC OFFICE
2310 Rayburn House Office Building
Washington, DC 20515
T (202) 225-4111
UPDATE SUBSCRIPTION OPTIONS
|
PRIVACY POLICY
|
CONTACT US
Click Here Click Here