
If you are having trouble
viewing this message or would like to share it on a social network, you can
view the message
online .
Home
|
About
|
How Can I Help?
|
Media
|
Issues
|
The 6th
District
Dear Friends:
This week I authored a bill to reform the construction of the
Aurora VA hospital that was backed by the entire Colorado delegation --
Republican and Democrat, House and Senate. The bill permanently
removes the VA from managing the Aurora VA hospital that is years behind
schedule and hundreds of millions of dollars over budget, and put the
Army Corps of Engineers in charge. The Government Accountability Office
(GAO) noted in a study on VA hospital construction mismanagement that
the Army Corps had built similar projects for the Department of Defense
on time and within budget.
The bill also lifts the current spending cap on the
hospital so the project won't be shut down again, costing taxpayers even
more money to finish it and delaying vital care for our state's
veterans. The VA's mind boggling mismanagement of the Aurora VA hospital is
offensive to me as a veteran and it is offensive to me as a taxpayer.
We can't erase the mistakes of the past, but we can and will fire the
VA and bring in competent management to see the project through to
completion.
I am proud to have led the effort on this legislation and proud that
every member of Colorado's Congressional delegation has signed on.
Republicans and Democrats don't always see eye-to-eye in Washington, but
on this project we came together as Coloradans to find solutions to
the VA's failures.
Just as we were working out solutions to this one problem,
another horrific story came out about a secret waiting list at a VA
hospital. Thanks to the hard work of 9News and the courage of a whistleblower,
a secret waiting list at the sleep clinic at the Denver VA was
uncovered.
The day
before 9News published their story the Denver VA sent out a defensive
press release denying any such secret waiting list existed, and even
noted they had done their own internal investigation uncovering no
wrongdoing. A day later they reversed course and admitted there was, in
fact, a secret waiting list.
This, unfortunately, has become all too common at the
VA. Deny, deny, deny. Never admit fault unless forced to. There is
simply no culture of accountability at the
VA.
I have called for an investigation into
the entire Denver VA hospital, as what 9News uncovered may just be the
tip of the iceberg.
Despite the rosy view presented by the president during the
State of the Union when it came to how we are caring for our nations
veterans, there are a great many problems to be fixed. Stories like those
uncovered by 9News and the Fox31 report on bonuses to VA officials in
charge of building the Aurora VA hospital demonstrate how far we have
to go.
My
work has just begun.
Sincerely,
Mike Coffman
U.S.
Representative
If you
would like to sign up to receive regular email updates from Mike,
please visit
this
link
$ 18,089,567,827,732
Share on Facebook
Share on LinkedIn
Share on Twitter
Coffman
proposes bill to lift Aurora VA hospital spending cap, permanently remove
VA management
By: Rachel Sapin
Aurora Sentinel
Published January 28,
2015
Aurora
Congressman Mike Coffman
introduced a bill
Wednesdsay that would allow the Army Corps of Engineers to permanently manage
construction of the Aurora VA hospital and raise the hospitals $800
million spending cap to $1.1 billion.
We
cannot erase
th e unforgivable errors that have already been committed by the
VA, but we can fire the VA and bring in competent managers to get this
critical hospital built,
Coffman,
R-Aurora, said in
a statement.
He later
added that additional money
for the site would most likely come from the VA searching
through its own budget for unexpended appropriations in what is known as
reprogramming within its Major Construction Account.
He said
reprogramming would not come without controversy as
it would cause a slowdown on the start dates for other VA major
construction projects across the country that havent broken ground
yet.
Last December
contractor Kiewit-Turner ceased work on the
project , which was millions of dollars over budget. Soon after, a
temporary agreement was reached with the VA agreeing to pay $234 million,
including $157 million in money it owed Kiewit-Turner and
subcontractors.
Right now without
lifting the cap, the project can go on until June,
Coffman
said of that agreement.
Coffmans
bill is co-sponsored by the entire
Colorado delegation in the U.S. House of Representatives, which includes
Representatives Diana DeGette, Ken Buck, Scott Tipton, Ed Perlmutter,
Jared Polis and Doug Lamborn. U.S. Senator Cory Gardner,
R-Colo., has also introduced a companion measure in the U.S.
Senate.
The Aurora VA
hospital next to the Anschutz Medical Campus has nearly doubled in cost from
its first estimate and ballooned to more than $1 billion, according
to testimony from VA officials.
Aurora has had the most egregious overruns in terms of cost and
delay, testified David Wise, the director of physical infrastructure
issues for the Government Accountability Office, at a House Veterans
Affairs Committee hearing Jan. 21.
The Next Constituent One-on-One
Meeting
U.S. Rep. Mike Coffman will meet one-on-one with constituents
at the Smoky Hill Library, 5430 S. Biscay Circle, Centennial, CO
80015 on Saturday, February 14th, from 10:00 AM
11:30
AM.
Constituents are
invited to come to the library to meet with Rep. Coffman and discuss
issues that are important to them.
This event is open only to residents
of the 6th Congressional
District.
VA admits to 'unauthorized' waiting list at Denver
hospital
By:
Melissa Blasius
9News
Published January 29,
2015
Denver VA Hospital officials reversed course Thursday, admitting
their employees broke the rules when they used an improper wait list
in the sleep lab in 2012. This comes just one day after the VA made a
blanket denial of the existence of secret waiting lists in
Denver.
9Wants to Know spent months looking into a whistleblower's
allegations regarding the sleep lab, which performs diagnostic testing
for disorders - including potentially deadly sleep apnea.
"I
think that putting my neck out for fellow veterans in this instance is
the right thing to do," said whistleblower Tommy
Belinski..
Belinski worked for the VA from 2011 to 2014. For part of the time,
his boss was the hospital's chief administrator.
"The
health administration cannot make data-driven decisions that are needed to
better service veterans without the proper documentation, without the
proper data," Belinski said.
Belinski tells 9Wants to Know
he was given a copy of a manual list containing 508 unscheduled sleep
clinic patients, and he says he was instructed to transfer the names
onto the VA's official Electronic Wait List (EWL) in May 2012. Keeping
a manual wait list would have been a violation of VA policy at that
time, according to records 9Wants To Know obtained.
"My
bosses were concerned about that," Belinski said. "They constantly sent out
things saying, 'Hey, make sure you don't have any paper wait lists,'
and then there were ones that were found," he said.
Several
VA medical facilities across the country, including the Phoenix VA
Hospital, have been in trouble for keeping similar unauthorized lists.
VA health-care managers receive bonuses, in part, for keeping wait
lists short.
Rep. Mike Coffman
(R-Colorado)
says a congressional investigation is needed to further probe scheduling
irregulaties at the Denver.
"It's a testament to the level
of mismanagement that we've seen within the Veterans Health
Administration, and it is just an affront to the veterans of this country that
have sacrificed in defense of our freedom,"
Coffman
said.
Denver VA officials have repeatedly denied requests
for an on-camera interview about the sleep clinic wait list. Recent
emails to 9Wants To Know from hospital spokesman Dan Warvi have included
the subject lines: "Your conduct is severely endangering our
relationship," and "We are declining this and all future interview requests by
you."
Warvi has also chastised 9Wants To Know for calling
and writing to VA sleep-clinic employees seeking comment. Just hours
before 9Wants To Know was set to air Belinski's interview, Warvi sent an
email confirming the whistleblower's main allegation:
In
May 2012, as a part of ongoing quality control reviews, it was
discovered that the Sleep Lab was tracking patients waiting for care on an
unofficial list. That information was immediately placed on the EWL, and
the EWL has been used by the sleep lab to track all patients waiting
for care ever since the issue was identified.
That's a
reversal from the press release Warvi issued the prior day. It said the VA
had just completed an internal investigation in response to
congressional inquiries about a "secret" wait list. Then, the VA said no secret
waiting lists are being kept at its Denver facilities.
"If
they are not honest about telling us the magnitude of the problem, then
are they going to be honest - are they going to be forthright - about
implementing the reforms that we passed in the Congress?"
Coffman
said.
In December, 9Wants To Know submitted a
Freedom of Information Act request asking for federal emplyee emails
discussing wait list problems and other unauthorized scheduling
practices. The VA had told 9Wants To Know the request generated hundreds of
pages of documents, and employees promised those documents to us by
Jan. 19, as required by law. To date, the VA has not provided any of the
emails.
The department did release two electronic
spreadsheets about current clinic wait times and patient
loads.
Warvi did answer written questions about the current backlog in the sleep
clinic. He said the VA currently has a four-bed sleep testing area,
which operates seven days a week. On average, new patients are waiting
11-12 weeks for an appointment. According to VA data, nearly 600
people are currently waiting for appointments. Those include 332 with
assigned appointment times, 148 referred for 3rd-party care, and 97 on the
official Electronic Wait List.
VA officials say they
recently worked out an agreement with the Air Force Academy to provide some
sleep studies to veterans.
Washington
Office
2443 Rayburn
HOB
Washington, D.C. 20515
Phone: (202) 225-7882
Fax: (202) 226-4623
District Office
Cherry Creek Place IV
3300 S. Parker Road, Suite #305
Aurora, CO 80014
Phone: (720) 748-7514
Fax: (720) 748-7680
Unsubscribe
|
Update My Profile
|
Privacy Policy
gateway mail end
