
For Immediate Release
Contact: Jordan See
Tuesday January 20, 2015
(202) 225-5031
WASHINGTON, DC
U.S. Rep. Gregg Harper (R-Miss.) issued the following statement this evening in response to the presidents State of the Union Address:
I am disappointed that President Obamas vision for America appeared to be aimed at driving the debate in the 2016 election on income inequality and class-warfare, rather than setting a realistic agenda for Congress. This is President Obamas same old top-down approach we've come to expect that hasn't worked. Raising taxes on people that are successful is not going to make people that are struggling more successful.
I believe every child should have an equal opportunity for a great education, which is why we must encourage high-tech educational opportunities and give parents the right to send their kids to schools of their choice.
In Mississippi, our community college system is one of the best, if not the best in the country, and very affordable. Keeping it affordable, not free, should be our objective.
President Obamas proposal for two years of free community college only nationalizes our education system and tells students Washington, DC knows best while making community college more bureaucratic and costly.
Finally, our energy policy should encourage investment, lower fuel prices, and create jobs here at home.
America has an abundance of natural resources, and through innovation we can continue to put people back to work, reduce energy costs, and make America energy independent while looking out for our environment at the same time.
President Obamas commitment to veto the construction of the Keystone XL Pipeline Project will prevent more than 40,000 American jobs from being created right here at home. I am disappointed that the President took credit for lower gas prices at the pump when it's been his policies that have caused lower and middle class American to suffer economically these past six years. American energy innovation in the private sector is responsible for the lower prices."
###
Gregg Harper is a fourth-term Republican lawmaker from Mississippi.
harper.house.gov | (202) 225-5031 | 307 Cannon HOB | Washington, DC 20515
Update My Profile
|
Unsubscribe
|
Privacy Policy
Click Here Click Here