
If you are having trouble viewing this message or would like to share
it on a social network, you can
view the message online .
Home
|
About
|
How Can I Help?
|
Media
|
Issues
|
The 6th District
Dear Friends:
VA Hospital Update
The
Department of Veterans Affairs (VA) was established to give the men and
women who have served our country in uniform the health care, disability,
and education benefits that they have earned. What the VA is clearly
not is an organization capable of managing its own construction
projects. There are currently three ongoing major VA construction projects;
Aurora, Colorado, Orlando, Florida, and New Orleans, Louisiana. All
three of these projects are hundreds of millions of dollars over budget
and years behind schedule.
On December 9th, the Civilian Board of Contract Appeals ruled
on all counts in favor of Kiewit-Turner Construction (K-T). K-T had
appealed to the Board regarding the mismanagement of the Aurora Veterans
Administration (VA) hospital. K-T was granted, and immediately
exercised, its right to cease all work on the project. Not only did this
result in a delay of the construction of this long awaited and much needed
new facility, it threw 1,400 construction workers out of work just
before the holidays. As you would expect, since that date I have focused
most of my attention on finding ways to get the VA and K-T together
to resolve their differences and get this project back up and
running.
I am very pleased
that on Wednesday an interim agreement was reached which will allow
construction of this long awaited and important facility to resume. The VA
has agreed to the three basic conditions set by
K-T:
1. The VA will pay K-T $157 million
in unreimbursed costs to date.
2. The US Army Corps of Engineers will replace the
incompetent VA construction management team.
3. The balance of the project will be constructed on
a cost reimbursement basis.
I will continue to fight on behalf of our veterans and for the
taxpayers to strip the VA of its construction management authority.
Ive been an ardent critic of VA construction practices and Ive argued
that the Army Corps of Engineers, which has consistently built
similar projects for the Department of Defense on schedule and within
budget, should be the construction arm for the VA.
Under the management of the Army Corps of
Engineers, everything will be done to contain the cost overruns but
nothing can undo the costly mistakes that have already been made and could
ultimately almost double the cost of this
project.
For now, Im relieved that the 1,400
workers will be returning to the job site to build a state-of-the-art
hospital designed to meet the needs of those who have made tremendous
sacrifices in defense of our
freedom.
Sincerely,
Mike Coffman
U.S.
Representative
If you would like to sign up to receive
regular email updates from Mike, please visit
this
link
$ 18,035,207,166,717
Share on Facebook
Share on
Twitter
DEAL STRUCK: Aurora VA hospital construction to
resume as soon as Monday
By Rachel
Sapin
The Aurora
Sentinel
Published
December 18, 2014
A week after a dramatic shutdown of the Aurora VA
hospital construction site, a temporary deal was struck Wednesday among
all parties and building is expected to resume as early as next
week.
The situation we find
ourselves in is unacceptable to me, Secretary Bob McDonald, to our
veterans,
Congressman Mike Coffman , R-Aurora said at a press conference at the VA
construction site Dec. 17. Its not acceptable to the American
people.
Kiewit-Turner created
a commotion Dec. 9 when they immediately stopped work on the
over-budget, delayed hospital, citing a federal board of appeals ruling that
the VA had breached its contract. Kiewit-Turner says it abandoned the
troubled project after the cost ballooned to as much as $1 billion when
the hospital was only budgeted for $604
million.
The U.S. Civilian Board of Contract
Appeals said the VA has not produced a design that could be built under the
$604-million contract. The board also found that the VA didnt have
sufficient funds to pay for construction of the entire project and had
no plans to ask for more money.
Since that time, Colorados Congressional delegation has
been struggling to negotiate a deal between the VA and Kiewit to resume
the stalled project while 1,400 construction workers were put out of
a job before the holidays.
The temporary deal will bring the Army Corps of Engineers into
the project immediately, but many details of how the project will
ultimately be paid for were unknown. At this point, it will be the Army
Corps and Kiewit-Turner who will negotiate a new contract to complete
the hospital. Kiewit officials said they will contact subcontractors
immediately to let them know when to report back to
work.
At this point, officials said the
hospital project is about half done, but they estimated they could open
the replacement hospital in 2017 if there arent more
delays.
It was unclear how the rest
of the hospital construction will be funded. The project has funding
authorization for $750 million, and more than $500 million has been
spent. There still is no firm total of what the project will cost as
designed, or whether the top price might be reduced with final design
changes.
Officials said
some construction workers will return to the site on
Monday.
On Tuesday,
Coffman
said in a statement the
VAs Major Construction Account, which has balance of $1.985 billion,
could be used to complete the new medical center. The account can be
used to pay for construction projects that have a minimum price tag of
$10 million, according to
Coffman . He added that $562 million approved for VA capital
construction in 2015 as part of the omnibus appropriations bill could
also be used for the Aurora hospital.
The Aurora hospital was originally budgeted to not
exceed $800 million but will certainly cost significantly more than
that to complete, he said in the statement.
Coffman
crafted legislation that passed the House in September
to have the Army Corps oversee all national VA construction projects,
following a report that some medical centers take three years longer
to complete than estimated and cost an extra $366 million per
project.
Coffman
said this week hes more
insistent than ever that the Army Corps step into current and future VA
projects. That measure still awaits Senate action, but
Coffman
said the Army
Corps
would be assigned to oversee the Aurora Hospital even if the bill is
not approved.
A
report by the Government Accountability Office last year found that at
least four medical centers were behind schedule and hundreds of millions
of dollars over budget. The hospitals are in Las Vegas, Denver, New
Orleans and Orlando, Florida. The House bill would require the VA to
appoint a project manager from the Army Corp of Engineers to oversee
construction projects that cost more than $60
million.
The new Aurora VA Hospital is slated
to be 1.2 million square feet with nine buildings that will include two
inpatient facilities, three clinics, as well as a research facility
and an energy center with solar panels. There are plans for three
parking structures, one which will be located underground next to the
outpatient buildings.
VA Official Apologizes for Colorado Hospital Construction
Delays
By Dan Frosch
The Wall Street
Journal
Published December 18,
2014
A top official with the Department of Veterans Affairs apologized
Wednesday for budget problems and delays that have stalled construction of
a major new VA hospital here, and said he hoped that work would
restart by Christmas.
Speaking from the site of the troubled project, which is running hundreds
of millions of dollars over budget, Deputy Veterans Affairs Secretary
Sloan Gibson called the situation unacceptable and embarrassing. He
vowed that a contractual dispute with the builder would be
resolved.
For all the lapses
that have occurred over the last number of years in this particular
projectthey are well documented and they are manyI want to apologize,
said Mr. Gibson. My commitment is that we will do everything we
possibly can to get this project back on track.
Earlier this month, the hospitals building
contractor, Kiewit-Turner, walked off the job after the Civilian Board of
Contract Appeals in Washington ruled the VA had breached its contract
with the company. Kiewit-Turner alleged the VA hadnt properly
planned or budgeted for the facility.
Mr. Gibson said Wednesday the VA was close to completing
an interim agreement with Kiewit-Turner so that construction of the
hospital could resume. He said the VA had agreed to allocate more than
$230 million from existing funds to cover debts it owed the contractor
and to pay for continued construction costs on a monthly basis.
Officials with Kiewit-Turner said in a statement they had agreed to restart
construction while a long-term plan to complete the hospital was worked
out.
The VA had
hoped the new hospitaldesigned to serve nearly 83,000 veterans with
research and treatment wingswould be a significant improvement over the
existing Denver VA hospital, which is decades old. But for several
years now, the billion-dollar project has been marred by problems and
setbacks, notably cost overruns.
Even with the new interim agreement, Mr. Gibson said it was
unclear what the final price tag would be for the hospital, which is
about half finished. He raised the prospect of having to go to Congress
to seek more funds.
Heeding calls for the U.S. Army Corps of Engineers to oversee
construction, Mr. Gibson said the corps would begin helping with the projects
completion, initially in an advisory role.
Republican
Rep. Mike Coffman ,
whose district includes Aurora, has been sharply critical of the VAs
handling of the hospital, saying the engineering corps was far more
equipped to take on such projects. He said recently that he would
introduce legislation to strip away the VAs authority to manage all of its
construction plans in favor of the corps.
The VA has struggled with projects in Orlando,
Fla., and New Orleans, which have also seen construction costs rise
and which also remain unfinished.
We cannot expect those who drove us into the ditch in the
Veterans Administration to drive us out of the ditch, said
Mr. Coffman , who also spoke at the construction site on
Wednesday.
Washington
Office
2443 Rayburn
HOB
Washington, D.C.
20515
Phone: (202) 225-7882
Fax: (202) 226-4623
District Office
Cherry Creek Place
IV
3300 S. Parker Road, Suite
#305
Aurora, CO 80014
Phone: (720) 748-7514
Fax: (720) 748-7680
Unsubscribe
|
Update My Profile
|
Privacy Policy
gateway mail end 