
January 23, 2015
Conaway Chronicle: State of the Union Address, Stopping Taxpayer Funded Abortions, Upcoming Town Halls, Local Swearing-In Ceremony
__________________________________________
Thank you for reading The Conaway Chronicle, a review of my activities in Congress.
State of the Union Address
Tuesday evening, President Obama delivered his seventh State of the Union address to the members of the House of Representatives and the Senate. And yet again, President Obama chose to rely on pretty words and idyllic thoughts about how the world should work instead of tangible policy goals that will get our country back on the right path. Throughout his speech, President Obama harped on his desire to work with Congress. The House of Representatives passed numerous pieces of legislation in the first few weeks of this Congress that will create jobs and opportunities for American success. But instead of working with the House of Representatives and the Senate, President Obama has issued threats to veto half a dozen bills in the last two weeks alone.
Every year during his State of the Union address, President Obama has proposed a major tax hike on the American people. This year was no different. The Presidents insistence on raising taxes for the seventh year straight not only underscores his failed policies and lack of new ideas, but is antithetical to the American dream. With his tax raises, Americans who work hard to create a better life for their families will see that money taken away by the federal government and given to others. The State of the Union address is meant to bring us together as a nation, but instead the President has decided to turn Americans against each other for his own political gain.
President Obama said last year that his policies were on the ballot in November. The American people listened and overwhelmingly elected Republicans to Congress, yet President Obama still refuses to accept the mandate given to Congress by the voters. The Presidents obstructionist approach to governing is damaging the United States both at home and abroad. After tonight, it is apparent that he does not plan to change his behavior for the last two years of his presidency. As elected officials, we were entrusted with the ability to make a real and lasting impact on the American people. Unfortunately, under President Obama, that impact is not likely to be a positive one.
I would urge President Obama to reconsider his plan to veto every bill that comes across his desk for the next two years. Under the new Republican majority, Congress has come together and legislation that will help grow our economy, strengthen the middle class, and improve our national security will finally receive full consideration in the Senate as well as the House of Representatives. By focusing on positive solutions rather than blocking strong legislation because of petty differences, we can still preserve our great nation for generations to come.
Stopping Taxpayer Funded Abortions
On Thursday, the 42nd anniversary of the Roe v. Wade decision, the House of Representatives voted to pass the No Taxpayer Funding for Abortion Act. This legislation will prevent the use of federal funds for any abortion, including tax credits for Obamacare healthcare plans that include abortion coverage.
Every child deserves protection under the law, including those who have not yet been born. Current laws provide federal funding for some abortions and tax credits for certain healthcare plans covering abortions. This is entirely unacceptable. Taxpayers should not be responsible for funding any abortion, at any time. Im proud to support this legislation today to correct this deplorable practice and I will continue to fight for the lives of the unborn every chance I get.
Upcoming Town Hall Meetings
Next Friday, January 30th, I will be holding four town hall meetings in the district that are open to the public. I always enjoy talking to constituents and learning more about what issues are most important to you. Please join me if you are able to!
WHAT:
Mason Town Hall Meeting
WHEN:
Friday, January 30th, 8:00 AM- 9:00 AM
WHERE:
Mason County District Court Room
2nd Floor, Mason County Courthouse
Westmoreland Street, Mason TX
WHAT:
Llano Town Hall Meeting
WHEN:
Friday, January 30th, 10:00 AM- 11:00 AM
WHERE:
Llano County Library Meeting Room
102 East Haynie Street, Llano, TX 78643
WHAT:
San Saba Town Hall Meeting
WHEN:
Friday, January 30th, 1:45 PM- 2:30 PM
WHERE:
Third Floor Courtroom
San Saba County Courthouse
500 E. Wallace, San Saba, Texas
WHAT:
Brady Town Hall Meeting
WHEN:
Friday, January 30th, 3:30 PM- 4:30 PM
WHERE:
First Floor Courtroom
McCulloch County Courthouse
101 North High, Brady, Texas
Local Swearing-In Ceremony
This morning, I had the honor of participating in a local swearing-in ceremony in Midland. Thank you to all who were able to join us despite the ice and snow.
I'd also like to thank Judge Robert Junell for graciously allowing us to use his courtroom and leading the ceremony. I'm so grateful Suzanne was able to join me for this event. I would not be where I am today without her love and support.
As always, you can follow me on
Facebook ,
YouTube , and
Twitter .
Sincerely,
Rep. Mike Conaway, 11th District
Click Here
to view this email in your browser
Click Here
to be removed from this list