 Mail begin
If you are having trouble viewing
this message or would like to share it on a social network, you can
view the message
online .
HOME
ABOUT ME
ISSUES
SERVICES
CONTACT
January 09, 2015
Obamacare and its harmful effects continue to be one
of the top issues my office hears about from constituents in Southwest
Missouri.
The House and new Republican Majority in the
Senate will work together to rein in this law.
Under the
presidents health care law employers with 50 or more full-time employees
are required to provide health insurance to full-time employees.
The law changes the definition of a full-time employee to someone who
works 30-hours per week.
On January 8, the House voted to
protect workers jobs and wages when we passed legislation restoring the
traditional definition of full-time employment.
Many hard working
Americans are seeing their hours and wages cut due to the presidents
health care laws definition of full-time work.
The 30-hour rule
in Obamacare makes it harder for many Americans to make ends
meet.
This legislation will restore the 40-hour work week and help the
middle class.
Many employers who provide health care coverage to
their employees use the traditional 40-hour work week to define a
full-time employee.
The presidents health care law is forcing
employers to redo their benefit plans, drop coverage and in some instances
move previously full-time workers to part-time
employment.
On January 6, the House passed the
Hire More Heroes Act .
This legislation makes a commonsense change to the employer mandate
in the presidents health care law.
This legislation
encourages small businesses to hire more veterans by exempting veterans
already enrolled in health care plans through the Defense Department or VA
from being counted toward the employee limit in Obamacare.
This
legislation is about supporting our nations veterans, jobs and doing
away with one harmful consequence of the law.
In the
appropriations bill that passed Congress late last year there was no
new funding for the presidents health care law.
The legislation
prohibits funds for Obamacares Risk Corridor Program, which stops
the Obama administration from using taxpayer dollars to cover insurance
company losses due to the law.
This legislation cut $10 million
from the laws Independent Payment Advisory (rationing) Board.
The legislation also included new transparency requirements requiring
the Departments of Health and Human Services and Treasury to report to
Congress on improper payments of tax subsidies, and requiring all
health care plans to tell customers if they provide abortion
services.
I believe the best course of action is to repeal this
law.
We should enact patient-centered health care reform which is
fiscally responsible and sustainable, which is why I have voted for and the
House has passed legislation to fully repeal Obamacare.
Now that
the House has a partner in the Senate more action will be taken on
the presidents health care law.
Washington Office
1541 Longworth HOB
Washington, DC 20510
Phone: (202) 225-6536
Fax: (202)
225-5604
Springfield Office
3232 E. Ridgeview St.
Springfield, MO
65804
Phone: (417) 889-1800
Fax:
(417) 889-4915
Joplin Office
2727 E. 32nd
St. Ste. 2
Joplin, MO 64804
Phone:
(417) 781-1041
Fax: (417) 781-2832
Unsubscribe
|
Update My Profile
|
Privacy Policy
