DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.0 Transitional//EN" "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml1/DTD/xhtml1-transitional.dtd"
January 9, 2014
Click here
if you have trouble viewing this email
Our agenda for the 114th Congress
Dear Friend,
Happy New Year! This week, with humility and excitement, I took the oath of office to serve as your Representative in the U.S. House for the 114th Congress.
Our legislative agenda seeks reform across American life, with a focus on jobs and raising the standard of living for all.
Specifically, we will be advocating for policies that include:
Pro-growth tax reform that lowers rates for small business owners and hard-working families and business tax reform that facilitates investment in infrastructure;
Legislative action that would secure our borders and fix our broken immigration system;
Responsible regulatory reform;
Education policy that empowers local school districts, teachers, administrators, parents, and students by rolling back Common Core and making necessary investments;
Common-sense provisions, grounded in science, that balance the priorities of lowering our energy costs while protecting our environment;
Protection of our cherished way of life from threats from abroad while standing strong on our Bill of Rights here at home;
Legislation that honors the service of our nations military and their families, while serving and afterwards; and,
A strong local focus that includes federal policies that will help find cures and solutions for chronic Lyme sufferers, expanded access and deployment of rural broadband, support for farmers, and assistance to localities with storm relief and mitigation along with individual casework assistance for constituents.
Clearly, there is much to be done, and I have great optimism about the future. I have been blessed with the opportunity to serveand leadin these areas.
As I stated shortly after retiring from the U.S. Army and first pursuing a seat in Congress in 2010, I planned to self-impose term limits. Accordingly, after much reflection and consultation with my family, this will be my third and final time taking the oath of office as a Representative in the House. I thank the voters of Upstate New York for this privilege to serve, and I pledge to continue to work tirelessly on their behalf in this final term.
I am pleased to report that this week the House passed the bipartisan Hire More Heroes Act, a bill I co-authored to allow businesses to hire veterans without having them count as full-time employees under the Affordable Care Act. This legislation makes it easier for our returned servicemen and women to find a job. It also brings some relief to small businesses struggling with new expenses associated with the ACA.
As a veteran myself, I am looking forward to joining the Adaptive Sports Foundation for the Warriors in Motion Weekend tomorrow in Windham. This program gives veterans a chance to participate in outdoor sports in the Catskills while recovering from serious injuries or learning how to live with a disability.
Also tomorrow, I am traveling to SUNY Oneonta for the Otsego County Law Enforcement Academy graduation. Congratulations to the graduates! And thank you for your commitment to serving and protecting our communities.
I hope that you and yours are doing well and staying warm during this cold spell. Please contact me if there is anything I can do to assist you.
Sincerely,
Chris Gibson
Member of Congress
IN THE NEWS
WNYT:
News Channel 13 talks with Chris Gibson about his final term in Congress
Mid Hudson News:
Serino, Gibson to share constituent office
Capital Tonight:
Lyme interview
Record:
US Dept. of Labor grants recourse to employees of Hoosick Falls manufacturer
Daily Star:
Potential buyer has eye on closed Delhi nursing home
WAMC:
Part Five Of Student Loan Series Focuses On Young Farmers
ON THE HILL
How can we help you?
CONNECT
RSS Feeds
Facebook
Youtube
Twitter
Click Here Click Here