DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.0 Transitional//EN" "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml1/DTD/xhtml1-transitional.dtd"
Send me an email
|
Forward to a Friend
Friend -
As we start the new year, here is a look back at a few of my favorite moments from 2014. It is a privilege to be able to serve as your Representative of the Fourth District; thank you for all of your feedback and involvement throughout the past year.
Be sure to like
my Facebook page
if
youd like to see more photos or share your thoughts with me.
January:
Visited the folks at Dresser-Rands Chesapeake Branch to witness firsthand how they support both the U.S. Navy &amp; U.S. Coast Guard.
February:
Honored to support the work of SGT John Fales and the Blinded Americans Veterans Foundation on behalf of the many sensory disabled veterans who have served our country.
March : Sat down with local officials in Colonial Heights and Chesterfield to discuss some of the issues confronting our communities
from school systems to transportation and infrastructure.
Called on Attorney General Holder to appoint an unbiased official to lead the investigation into the IRS targeting of non-profit organizations.
April:
Joined House Armed Services Committee Chairman McKeon and my colleague, Congresswoman Hanabusa, at a press conference to discuss our bill, the Asia-Pacific Region Priority Act (H.R. 4495). "Rebalance" has been little more than a catchy slogan and a handful of speeches. It needs to be a concrete strategy. Our bill is a first step towards achieving that goal.
Threw the first pitch to welcome in the 2014 Chesapeake Little League season
I love my hometown.
May:
Honored to participate with residents of Boykins in their annual Memorial Day service. For 100 years now, the town has honored and celebrated the local men and women who have served our nation in uniform.
I cosponsored and supported the USA Freedom Act to protect Americans privacy and end the NSAs bulk data collection. I joined my colleagues, Congressmen Goodlatte, Conyers, Sensenbrenner, Scott, and Nadler, at a press conference after the USA Freedom Act passed the House of Representatives.
June:
Questioned Director Rodriguez of the U.S. Citizenship and Immigration Services at a House Judiciary hearing on the border crisis.
Met with Lee Hsien Loong, Singapores Prime Minister, along with my Democratic colleague, Congresswoman Hanabusa, to discuss the relationship between our two countries.
July:
Hosted Job Fairs in Chesapeake and Chesterfield, which connected local employers with hundreds of job seekers throughout the District.
Spoke with over 11,000 constituents during one of the live Tele-town halls I conducted this year. Appreciate the valuable perspective I get from these calls.
August:
Met with employees, engineers, technicians, and industry leaders during my manufacturing tour of the TriCities area of the Fourth District. Great to hear their ideas on how we can rebuild our economy with manufacturing jobs here in Virginia.
Fist bump with a future farmer while at the VA Farm Bureaus Annual Legislative Picnic in Dinwiddie County. Grateful for all that our hardworking farmers contribute to our communities.
September:
Toured one of Newport News Shipbuildings submarine construction facilities along with Congressman Wittman, Congressman Scott, and incoming House Armed Services Committee Chairman Thornberry. Thanks to Matt Needy, Virginia-Class Submarine (VCS) program director, and Bob Meyer, VCS manufacturing director, for leading the tour.
October:
Throughout the year, I meet with dozens of members of our nations military, including Admirals, Generals, and Joint Chiefs. Hearing directly from our men and women in uniform about how we can best support them and provide for our national defense is not just a duty, it is an honor.
November:
Met one of Americas true heroes: Patrick Brown of Chesapeake, VA who served in two wars, earned the rank of Sergeant, lost both of his legs, and knows more about courage and heroism than most of us will ever have a chance to.
December:
Spent time with some wonderful kids and volunteers during the 9 th
Annual Kidz Kruz Event sponsored by the James C. Archbell III Foundation.
What were some of your highlights from 2014? Share with me,
here .
Yours in service,
Randy
Home
|
Contact
|
Forward to a Friend
|
Unsubscribe
|
Subscribe
|
Privacy
|
Office Locations
Please do not reply to this message. This email address does not accept incoming messages. To send an email,
click here .
Click Here Click Here