
RAND'S NEWSLETTER UPDATE
DECEMBER 12, 2014
Please allow me to update you on this week's happenings in Washington, D.C.
Dr. Rand Paul Questions Secretary Kerry on Constitutional Authority to go to War with ISIS
On Tuesday, I attended the Senate Foreign Relations Committee hearing to question Secretary of State John Kerry regarding the authorization for the use of military force (AUMF) against the Islamic State, known as ISIS. During the hearing, I highlighted the need for the Executive Branch to seek appropriate approval from the Legislative Branch to go to war, as is stated in the U.S. Constitution.
Click
HERE
or below to watch the exchange, and
HERE
to read my statement in its entirety.
Dr. Rand Paul Supports Right to Work Effort in Warren County
I issued a statement on Thursday following the Warren County Fiscal Court's granting preliminary approval to a country Right to Work ordinance.
I support efforts on the federal level to promote Right to Work laws. I am excited that the local leaders in my hometown of Bowling Green have taken the initiative to push for this common sense change to the law.
Local leaders will be able to attract and keep good quality jobs in the community while preserving the freedom to contract for employees and employers. I believe that workers should not be forced to pay dues just to keep a job let alone pay them to organizations that spend hundreds of millions of dollars electing candidates that so many of their members oppose.
I am pleased to support your efforts, congratulate you on your leadership, and I am proud that my own hometown will be the first to take this dramatic step for the creation of jobs, and the protection of individual liberties. I want to thank Judge Executive Buchanon for his leadership in promoting Right to Work for the people of Kentucky. I also would like to thank the Warren County Fiscal Court.
Dr. Rand Paul Speaks in Defense of Christians in the Middle East
On Tuesday, I questioned Tom Malinowski, Assistant Secretary for Democracy, Human Rights, and Labor for the Department of State, at the Senate Foreign Relations Human Rights Subcommittee Hearing, 'ISIL's Reign of Terror: Confronting the Growing Humanitarian Crisis in Iraq and Syria.'
Click
HERE
to read my entire statement.
Dr. Rand Paul Meets with Chibok Schoolgirls
On Wednesday, I had the immense pleasure of meeting with the schoolgirls from Chickbok, Nigeria. These extraordinary girls managed to escape a harrowing ordeal after being brutally and maliciously kidnapped by Boko Haram from their school. I am so grateful to have met with them and their stories of bravery and survival have touched my life.
(Dr. Rand Paul and Chibok Schoolgirls - December 10, 2014)
Dr. Rand Paul Meets with State Legislators from Kentucky
On Tuesday, I had the pleasure of meeting with a handful of State Legislators from Kentucky. During the discussion, we touched on many important topics including taxes and transportation funding.
(Dr. Rand Paul and State Legislators from Kentucky - December 10, 2014)
Dr. Rand Paul Meets with Kentucky Community &amp; Technical College System
I had the opportunity to meet with the Dr. Mike McCall and Dr. Jay Box from Kentucky Community and Technical College System (KCTCS) in my offices in Washington, D.C. Dr. Mike McCall announced his retirement as the President of KCTCS earlier this year, with Dr. Jay Box taking over as his successor as President of KCTCS. It was great meeting with both of these men on Thursday afternoon.
(Dr. Rand Paul and KCTCS - December 11, 2014)
Media Wrap-Up
This week, I appeared on Fox's
On the Record with Greta Van Susteren.
I spoke with several radio stations across the country, as well as stations in Kentucky including Brian Jackson from WVJS.
Tune in tonight to watch my interview with Sean Hannity on the Fox News Channel at 10:00pm ET/9:00pm CT.
Have An Issue Or Concern?
If you are a Kentucky resident and need assistance with a federal agency or concern, feel free to contact the Bowling Green office (270-782-8303) to have a discussion with the appropriate staff member.
Stay in Touch with Sen. Paul's Social Media
You can find updates on what I'm doing by visiting my Senate website,
www.paul.senate.gov
and you can follow my official Google+ account
HERE . You can also subscribe to my YouTube channel
HERE . Don't forget to become a fan of my
official Facebook page
and my
official Instagram page
for other timely updates.
Warm Regards,
To unsubscribe from Rand's newsletter, please visit the
unsubscribe page
