
If you are having trouble viewing this
message or would like to share it on a social network, you can
view the message online .
Tweet of the Week
|
Videos of the Week
|
Statements &amp; Speeches
Tweet of the
Week
Videos of
the Week
Ros-Lehtinen
Says We Must Reaffirm Our Commitment To Help Israel Defend
Itself
Ros-Lehtinen: It Is Unjust That
Maduro Regime Uses The Judiciary To Attack Maria Corina
Machado
On the Rundown With Jose Diaz-Balart,
Ros-Lehtinen Says We Must Use Tougher Sanctions Against Iran
Ros-Lehtinen: Funding UNESCO Will Undermine The Middle
East Peace Process
We Must Prevent The
Administration From Funding UNESCO ,
Says Ros-Lehtinen
Ros-Lehtinen On CNN: Administration Must Hold Allies Accountable To Stop
Flow of Foreign Fighters
Ros-Lehtinen
Will Oppose And Fight Any Bills That Provide US Taxpayer Dollars To
UNESCO
Statements &amp; Speeches
Ros-Lehtinen Applauds House Passage Of
United States-Israel Strategic Partnership Act; Bill Now Goes To
President's Desk To Be Signed Into Law
At a
time when Israel is facing many external threats, the U.S. Congress
today sends to the Presidents desk the U.S.
Israel Strategic
Partnership Act seeking to bolster closer ties with our ally, the democratic
Jewish State of Israel. At a time when the Iranian regime continues to
advance its nuclear ambitions, Hamas unrelentlessly terrorizes Israeli
citizens and the Palestinian Authority continues to incite violence and
undermine the peace process at every turn, it is important for
Congress to stand with Israel in a bipartisan effort. That is why in passing
this bill, we will afford Israel the unique status as our major
strategic partner and we reaffirm our support to enhance Israels
qualitative military edge so that it can continue to defend itself and its
citizens from all threats.
As Maduro Targets Maria Corina Machado and
Others, U.S. Must Respond by Expanding Sanctions Against Human Rights
Violators
The latest wild accusations by
the Maduro regime against Maria Corina Machado and other activists are
just another attempt to silence those leaders who are advocating for
the rule of law, democracy, and the respect for human rights for all
Venezuelans. This attempt by Maduro to suppress free speech in Venezuela
reaffirms that his regime continues to use its power over the judicial
system to intimidate those seeking justice and fundamental
freedoms.
( Link to
Release )
Nearly Half of ISIL Fighters
Have Flocked to Iraq and Syria From Elsewhere; Administration Must Hold
Regional Allies Accountable to Stop Flow of Foreign Fighters, Says
Ros-Lehtinen
(Washington, DC)
U.S. Rep. Ileana
Ros-Lehtinen (R-FL), Chairman of the Middle East and North Africa
Subcommittee, made the following statement at a joint subcommittee hearing
entitled ISIS and the Threat of Foreign Fighters. Statement by
Ros-Lehtinen:
We, on this committee, have continued to
sound the alarm and have been pleading with the administration to be
proactive in Syria to avoid spillover effects that can further destabilize
the region. Unfortunately, our calls have gone unanswered. Even
former officials from this same administration have been public about their
own criticism over the Presidents Syria strategy, or the lack
thereof. The longer the administration delays and fumbles about, the greater
the danger for both US national security interests and those of our
allies. We must have a comprehensive strategy that not only removes
Assad from power but addresses the Iran issue and links Iraq, Syria, and
ISIL together.
( Link to Release )
Congress Should Not Allow Weak Iran Nuke Deal;
P5+1 Must Either Secure Deal with Complete Cessation of Enrichment and
Dismantlement of Nuclear Infrastructure or Walk Away, Ros-Lehtinen
Says
"From the very outset, Iran has not
complied with the terms outlined by the P5+1, exporting more oil than
allowed, continuing production at the Arak heavy water reactor, denying
access to key facilities, and dragging its feet every step of the way.
The International Atomic Energy Agency has confirmed that Iran isnt
even cooperating with its past commitments, such as completely
disclosing its past work on nuclear weaponization. Rouhani, who bragged in the
past about deceiving the administration as its chief negotiator, is
known for using stall tactics while continuing to advance Irans nuclear
weapons program behind the scenes. And our leadership in the White
House falls for it."
( Link to
Release )
Week in Photos
Rep. Ros-Lehtinen met with
Venezuelan journalist Miguel Henrique Otero. They discussed lack of freedom
of the press in Venezuela under the Maduro
regime.
Tell a
Friend
E-mail:
E-mail:
E-mail:
Share on Twitter Share on Facebook Share
on Digg Share on
LinkedIn
Washington, DC Office
2206
Rayburn HOB | Washington, DC 20515
Phone: (202) 225-3931 |
Fax: (202) 225-5620
Miami Office
4960 SW 72 Ave,
Suite 208 |
Miami, FL 33155
Phone: (305) 668-2285 |
Fax: (305) 668-5970
Unsubscribe
|
Update My Profile
gateway mail end
