
Official Site
Constituent Services
News
Contact
Senator McConnell&rsquo;s eNewsletter - - Week of December 15, 2014
Season&rsquo;s Greetings
&lsquo;From my family to yours, may you have a Merry Christmas, and a Happy New Year&rsquo;
This week, Senator Mitch McConnell delivered the following holiday message:
Click the image below to view the Senator's greeting.
Year-End Accomplishments and Looking Ahead to the New Congress
This week, Senator McConnell penned an op-ed for Kentucky newspapers. The Senator&rsquo;s column is about the accomplishments of the Senate just adjourned and the new Congress in January.
He wrote:
&ldquo;Before adjourning, Congress passed legislation that prevents a retroactive tax increase on many small businesses, farmers and individuals across Kentucky. One of the more important provisions allows small businesses and farmers to expense certain business investments&mdash;for instance, the purchase of new equipment&mdash;which will help spur economic growth and job creation in the Commonwealth.
&ldquo;In addition to these more broad-based measures, I was proud to support provisions that positively affect specific Kentucky concerns. For example, I helped ensure that National Guard drug interdiction programs, chemical weapons disposal efforts at the Blue Grass Army Depot, and clean-up efforts at the Paducah Gaseous Diffusion Plant were all fully funded.
&ldquo;While this is good progress, we have much more to do. After the holidays, a new Republican Congress will take over and move forward to aid our nation&rsquo;s economy on several fronts, starting with passage of the Keystone XL pipeline bill. This measure will create thousands of new jobs right away. A Republican Senate will redouble efforts to combat the president&rsquo;s War on Coal. And a Republican Senate will have the opportunity to push back on the president&rsquo;s unilateral action on immigration and continue the fight to repeal Obamacare, even as we work to address the damage it continues to do to our country and our economy.&rdquo;
Click
HERE
to read the Senator&rsquo;s full op-ed via
The Lane Report
in Lexington, Kentucky.
McConnell-Sponsored Bipartisan Bill to Assist Kentuckians with Disabilities Signed into Law
This week, the United States Senate approved a bipartisan bill Senator McConnell co-sponsored to assist Kentuckians with disabilities and parents who have children with disabilities. The Achieving a Better Life Experience (ABLE) Act will create a tax-advantaged savings account that can be used for education, housing, transportation, and other qualified disability-related expenses. On Friday, President Obama signed the bill into law.
Senator McConnell said,
&ldquo;Over the past year I&rsquo;ve heard from and met with a number of Kentucky parents of children with disabilities who are struggling to pay for medical and other disability-related expenses, and I was honored to work on their behalf to secure passage of this legislation in the United States Senate. The ABLE Act will help Kentucky families, children, and individuals living with disabilities save money for the future.&rdquo;
Senator McConnell was praised by the National Down Syndrome Society and Autism Speaks for his leadership on the ABLE Act.
National Down Syndrome Society DS-Ambassador Lynn Braker of Lexington, Kentucky said,
&ldquo;This is a monumental, landmark bill for people with Down syndrome and our families&hellip;I sincerely thank Senator Mitch McConnell for his dedication and leadership on the ABLE Act, and all he does for people with disabilities. He's a true champion for us."
Anne Gregory from Louisville, the Kentucky Autism Speaks state coordinator who advocated on behalf of the ABLE bill during a visit to Senator McConnell&rsquo;s office, said,
&ldquo;I am so pleased to learn that Senator McConnell has helped pass this critical legislation benefiting families affected by autism and other disabilities...This law will help families help themselves."
Earlier this year, Rachel Putnam of Frankfort, Kentucky, visited Senator McConnell and presented him with the National Down Syndrome Society&rsquo;s Champion of Change Award.
Welcoming Kentuckians to Washington, D.C.
On Wednesday, Senator McConnell welcomed to his office in the U.S. Capitol LT Joshua Pitcher of Hardin County, Kentucky and graduate of Eastern Kentucky University.
Also on Wednesday, Senator McConnell spoke with Jordan Spalding, a Nelson County native, currently serving as the Agriculture Education Coordinator at the Kentucky Department of Agriculture.
In the Media
On Wednesday, Senator McConnell was interviewed by the
Associated Press (AP)
and discussed his pledge to stop President Obama&rsquo;s War on Coal and Kentucky jobs.
The AP reports,
&ldquo;Incoming Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell, R-Ky., pledged on Wednesday to do all he can to stop President Barack Obama's coal plant regulations, saying a White House &lsquo;crusade&rsquo; has devastated his state's economy.
&ldquo;The Environmental Protection Agency &lsquo;has created a depression in my state and it's done a lot of damage to the country all across the country with these efforts to essentially eliminate coal fired generation,&rsquo; he said in an Associated Press interview.
&ldquo;&lsquo;So for the president to pursue his crusade at the expense of the people of my state is completely unacceptable, and I'm going to do any and everything I can to stop it,&rsquo; McConnell said.&rdquo;
Click
HERE
to read the full article from the AP.
On Tuesday, Senator McConnell hosted a media availability in the U.S. Capitol. He spoke about the new Congress convening in January, with the first item on the Republican majority agenda being the Keystone jobs bill. Click
HERE
to read more from WKYU-Radio in Bowling Green,
&ldquo;McConnell: Keystone Pipeline To Top Senate Agenda.&rdquo;
On January 6, 2015, Senator McConnell will become the Senate Majority Leader when the 114th Congress convenes. Next year, Senator McConnell will remain on the Senate Agriculture, Appropriations and Rules Committees.
On Sunday, the
Washington Post
featured Senator McConnell for having the &ldquo;Best Year.&rdquo; Click
HERE
to read the story from the
Washington Post .
Image credit:
The Washington Post .
Visiting our Nation's Capital
If you&rsquo;re planning a trip to Washington, D.C., please check out Senator McConnell's
website
and visit his office while you are in town. Every week, Senator McConnell welcomes to his office in the U.S. Capitol many Kentuckians from across the Commonwealth to discuss issues of importance to Kentucky. Also, the Senator&rsquo;s office has information on tours, places to visit and local restaurants to help make your trip to the nation&rsquo;s capital one to remember.
Keeping Up With Senator McConnell
Keep up with the latest news and alerts from our nation&rsquo;s capital as well as updates on things happening back home in Kentucky by becoming a fan of Senator McConnell&rsquo;s
Facebook
page, and get the latest news from Senator McConnell&rsquo;s press office on Twitter at
@McConnellPress . Senator McConnell is also on Instagram - Follow him at
@McConnellPress .
Get this newsletter delivered to your inbox by signing up
HERE
Official Site
|
Privacy Policy
|
Unsubscribe
