
In just 3 hours, President Obama will be giving his sixth State of the Union address. He&rsquo;ll be laying out a bold vision for the remainder of his term.
Friend -- In just 3 hours, President Obama will be delivering his sixth State of the Union address. He&rsquo;ll be laying out a bold vision for the remainder of his term.
But something&rsquo;s missing: You.
You&rsquo;re one of our strongest supporters, and you clearly care a lot about electing Democrats. But we noticed you haven&rsquo;t renewed your DSCC membership yet.
DSCC Membership Status:
pending
2015 Membership Rate:
$5
(renew membership now)
The truth is, Democrats simply can&rsquo;t execute the President&rsquo;s vision without your support.
We&rsquo;re up against a Republican Party that&rsquo;s set on erasing, obstructing, and undermining ALL of our progressive policy initiatives. Their first week of controlling Congress was marked by attacking Social Security, the President&rsquo;s immigration actions, AND Obamacare (again)!
That&rsquo;s why we -- and President Obama -- need you NOW.
Will you renew your membership in the next 24 hours to help us ADVANCE strong Democratic policies and FIGHT against Republicans&rsquo; attempts to roll back our hard work?
We know you&rsquo;ll stand with us.
Thanks,
DSCC Membership Team
P.S. Will you be watching the President speak tonight?
Help us start implementing his vision right away -- renew your membership now.
Democratic Senatorial Campaign Committee
P.O. Box 96047
Washington, DC 20090
Paid for by the Democratic Senatorial Campaign Committee, dscc.org,
and not authorized by any candidate or candidate&#39;s committee.
The DSCC is the only organization solely dedicated to supporting Democrats in the U.S. Senate. This message was sent to dj724530@gmail.com because you are a part of the DSCC&rsquo;s grassroots network. Please add us to your address book or approved senders list to make sure you keep receiving DSCC updates.
Emails are a critical way for us to stay in touch with our grassroots supporters. 99% of the DSCC&rsquo;s contributions come from grassroots donors giving less than $200. We also strive to keep you updated on issues related to the Democratic Party&rsquo;s values.
If you&rsquo;d like to stop receiving emails related to this campaign, please
click here .
If you&#39;d like to make a contribution to support us, please
click here . We are already beginning to prepare for the fight ahead &ndash; reclaiming the majority in 2016. It will take every single grassroots supporter, but we know it&rsquo;s possible with your help. If you&rsquo;d like to stop receiving all emails from the DSCC, please
unsubscribe . We greatly appreciate your continued support.
Contributions or gifts to the DSCC are not tax deductible.
