
Follow me on:
December 30, 2014
Dear David,
As the year comes to an end, Id like to thank you for staying connected to my office. My ability to represent you in Congress is strongly dependent on how you and I communicate.
I hope that you will continue to stay engaged with me in the coming year through
e-mail ,
Facebook , and
Twitter . This is how you can learn about important votes in Congress, legislation I plan to introduce, and services that my office offers.
Remember, my staff is available to help you with an array of services related to the federal government. You should feel free to reach out to us with any questions or concerns.
As I prepare to serve another term as your Representative in Congress, I want you to know that I remain committed to fighting for policies that help every day Americansthose who work hard to provide for their families and give their children opportunities at a better future.
In order to prioritize my policy goals for next year, please take a moment to share what issues you think Congress should address next. Its hard to see past the gridlock in Congress, but I know that with your input, we can shift focus to the issues that matter to constituents like you.
Thank you again for staying in touch. I wish you and your family a safe and happy holiday season.
Best,
Linda T. S&aacute;nchez
Member of Congress
Having trouble completing this survey? Click here to open this message in your browser.
What do you believe should be the top priority of Congress in 2015 (please choose up to three)?
Boost Job Creation & Economic Growth
Reduce the Debt & Deficit
Invest to improve our aging infrastructure
Protect Social Security & Medicare
Promote Clean Energy & Protect the Environment
Pass Comprehensive Immigration Reform
Modernize & Streamline the VA
Enhance Education at All Levels
Raise the Minimum Wage
Update the Voting Rights Act
List your top priority below if it is not displayed above.
(please note, this box will only contain 250 characters)
*By clicking submit, you are agreeing to receive periodic updates from my office.
Please do not respond to this email.
Click here to contact me .
District Office
17906 Crusader Ave,
Ste. 100
Cerritos, CA 90703
p: (562) 860-5050
f: (562) 924-2914
Washington D.C. Office
2423 Rayburn HOB
Washington, DC 20515
p: (202) 225-6676
f: (202) 226-1012
Unsubscribe
