
When it came to constituent services, my late friend Congressman Lane Evans was a legend. He and his staff made sure Illinoisans always had someone to turn to for help. I&rsquo;ve tried my best to embody Lane in that regard, making sure my offices throughout Illinois and in Washington, D.C. are trying their best to serve those who need assistance.
My offices have assisted constituents with many issues over the past 30 years. Whether someone has had difficulties in dealing with Social Security, Medicare or Medicaid, if a Dreamer was looking to inquire about Deferred Action with the government, or if a veteran wasn&rsquo;t getting the care he or she earned and deserved, my offices from Chicago to Carbondale have stepped in to help. My team of seasoned caseworkers take pride in solving issues for constituents in Illinois. They are happy to inquire into a situation you may have with a federal agency and will do their best to remedy it.
I also want to hear how our federal laws are affecting you. If you ever have a question about a bill being debated on the Senate Floor, an opinion or on policy, or simply want to know where I stand on an issue, my office in Washington, D.C. can answer any of those questions. My website also has a place
where you can email me
about your questions and concerns.
Planning a trip to DC? You can
request Congressional tours
of the U.S. Capitol Building, the White House, the Bureau of Engraving and Printing, and the Library of Congress. While in Washington, make sure to see if I am hosting a Constituent Coffee with Senator Mark Kirk. Started by the late Senator Alan J. Dixon, the coffees give me a chance to update you about what&rsquo;s going on in the Senate.
My offices can also assist in
passport and travel resources ,
requests for flags
flown over the U.S. Capitol, and
business opportunities
with the Federal Government.
So please, reach out and let me know what I can do to help better serve you. You can email my office
here
and the contact information for each of my offices is listed below.
Take care and happy holidays.
Stay Informed
Stay informed on what I am doing for Illinois and what is happening in Congress by visiting my
website .
If you have a question, a comment, or are in need of assistance, please contact my office at one of the phone numbers below or
send me an email .
Office phone numbers:
Washington, DC:
(202) 224-2152 Chicago:
(312) 353-4952 Springfield:
(217) 492-4062 Carbondale:
(618) 351-1122 Rock Island:
(309) 786-5173
You can also follow me on these services:
If you did not sign up to receive this email or no longer wish to receive future updates, please
click here to unsubscribe .
Sent from the office of U.S. Senator Dick Durbin
