
This week I was sworn-in to fourth term in the U.S. Senate and I want to thank everyone for their continued support and trust in me. It is truly an honor to, once again, have the opportunity to represent the people of Illinois.
U.S. Senator Dick Durbin (D-IL) takes the oath of office from Vice President Joe Biden and is ceremonially sworn into the 114th Congress.
During my time in the Senate, I have worked hard to create good-paying jobs, promote Illinois businesses and ensure that our state is receiving its fair share of federal funding. For the next two years, Democrats will be in the minority. Though the reins of power have changed hands, my focus on protecting federal investments in Illinois has not changed.
My hope is that Congress can come together in bipartisan fashion to solve problems and lift up the middle-class.
A bill the Senate should take up early this year is one to renew our federal transportation programs. Federal transportation bills are vital to our nation&rsquo;s infrastructure and transportation priorities because they have the potential to modernize our railroads, improve passenger rail service, improve our mass transit system, and build roads and bridges that will spur economic development. This is also the year we should reauthorize the Federal Highway Trust Fund with increased funding levels and do it on a bipartisan basis as it has been done historically. It would mean more good paying jobs in Illinois.
I will also again join Senators Enzi, Heitkamp and Alexander in an effort to pass the Marketplace Fairness Act through Congress. This bill, which passed the Senate last Congress on an overwhelmingly bipartisan basis, would level the playing field for Main Street brick-and-mortar small businesses by helping them compete more effectively against out-of-state internet sellers. It is supported by Democrats, Republicans and over 280 labor, business and government organizations. This bill is essential and I hope we can bring it to the President&rsquo;s desk this Congress.
When it comes to tax fairness, there&rsquo;s another issue that must be addressed: U.S. corporate tax avoidance. More and more companies are using a loophole to move their headquarters overseas to dodge their fair share of taxes and leave American taxpayer with the tab. These schemes are known as tax inversions and I will introduce legislation to eliminate these practices and to encourage companies to stay in America.
As the 114th Congress moves forward, I plan to find new opportunities to increase investments in research. Increasing funding for research would improve our global competitiveness and solidify our nation's standing as a leader in discovery and innovation. During the last Congress, I introduced the American Cures Act, which would provide additional funding in support of future research at America's top four biomedical research agencies. I hope more of my colleagues will join me in this effort so America&rsquo;s next generation can reap the benefits.
Lastly, we must address the crisis in student loan debt which has surpassed credit card debt in America today. Congress cannot stand by while America&rsquo;s students and middle-class families face impossible debt burdens. I will continue to confront the growing burden of higher education costs for working families like rising textbook costs, a lack of options for refinancing student loans, predatory private lenders and for-profit colleges.
We can, and we must, come together and work across the aisle in order to meet America&rsquo;s biggest challenges. As a member of the Senate Democratic leadership, I will make certain that when negotiations are taking place and decisions are being made, Illinoisans will have a seat at the table and a voice in the halls of power.
U.S. Senator Dick Durbin (D-IL) after being sworn into a fourth term in the U.S. Senate.
Stay Informed
Stay informed on what I am doing for Illinois and what is happening in Congress by visiting my
website .
If you have a question, a comment, or are in need of assistance, please contact my office at one of the phone numbers below or
send me an email .
Office phone numbers:
Washington, DC:
(202) 224-2152 Chicago:
(312) 353-4952 Springfield:
(217) 492-4062 Carbondale:
(618) 351-1122 Rock Island:
(309) 786-5173
You can also follow me on these services:
If you did not sign up to receive this email or no longer wish to receive future updates, please
click here to unsubscribe .
Sent from the office of U.S. Senator Dick Durbin
