
If you are having trouble viewing this message or would like to share
it on a social network, you can
view the message online .
Website
About David
Contact
Serving
You
Media
Center
Legislative Work
District
January 09, 2015
Starting the New Congress by
Helping our Veterans
After being
sworn in on the opening day of the 114 th
Congress,
the House of Representatives immediately started its work and passed
the Hire More Heroes Act (H.R. 22), of which I am an original
cosponsor. This bill will encourage small businesses to hire veterans without
being punished by Obamacare mandates.
By passing this
common sense bill with one of the Houses first acts, were sending a clear
message to the American people that we are ready to listen to their
priorities and take action. We hear from small businesses all the time
that are afraid to hire additional employees for fear of being
penalized by the health care law. This bill will create jobs and grow the
economy while helping veterans at the same time.
The Hire More Heroes Act
will exempt veterans with
medical care from TRICARE or the VA from the employee limit under
Obamacare. It passed the House last Congress on a 406-1 vote, but was not
taken up by the Democrat-controlled Senate.
Its a new day
in Washington. The Hire More Heroes Act was just one of 383 bills
many of which passed with bipartisan support
that were stopped in the
Senate by Harry Reid. With new leadership in the Senate we will
finally be able to address the peoples priorities on jobs, health care,
energy and more. This week marks the beginning of a productive
year.
Obama: Out of Excuses on
Keystone
Today
the House voted once
again to move the Keystone XL Pipeline forward . The project, which
has been delayed for 2,303 days, would create an estimated 42,000
American jobs and generate billions in economic activity. The Obama
Administration has used every excuse in the book to delay this project and
they are running out of justifications. Their opposition is rooted in
politics, not common sense.
Transporting oil by pipeline is
safer and more efficient than any other option and will create tens of
thousands of American jobs for workers in steel, construction, and
refining.
The project is supported by a vast majority
of Americans and has bipartisan support from labor unions and
businesses .
This should not be a difficult
decision, yet the President is letting ideology get in the way.
The House has now voted ten times since 2011 to expedite the
Keystone Pipeline , but the proposals have been blocked in the Senate
and threatened with vetoes from President Obama.
One of the
reasons given for the latest veto threat was an ongoing court case in
Nebraska regarding Keystones route.
Earlier today
the Nebraska Supreme Court removed this roadblock by issuing a ruling
upholding the route.
With new conservative leadership in the
Senate, I look forward to this bill being taken up and passed in the
Senate. The American public deserves to see who is standing in the way of
progress.
Remembering
Governor Arch Moore
On
Wednesday,
former Governor Arch Moore passed away at the age
of 91 . Governor Moore was a giant in West Virginia politics and
was called on by Republicans and Democrats alike for his advice. We
remember him for his service to the people of West Virginia, but first and
foremost he was a husband and father. His love and service for his
state and his country will never be forgotten.
Mary and I
will keep Senator Capito and the entire Moore family in our prayers
as they deal with this
loss.
Helping Workers Hurt by Obamacare
The House voted this week to fix an Obamacare provision that is
hurting millions of Americans who have had their hours cut at work
and are getting less in their paycheck as a result.
The
health care law redefined a full time work week as 30-hours and resulted
in many workers having their hours cut.
The Save
American Workers Act (H.R. 30) , of which I am an original cosponsor,
will restore the definition of a full time work week to
40-hours.
The 30-hour rule is just one of the many problems with
the disastrous health care law that are hurting families and small
businesses across the nation.
This bill takes a step to
help millions of Americans who are taking home less in their paycheck
due to Obamacare.
Eventually we need to replace the
fundamentally flawed health care law with an alternative plan. Until
Congress can do that, we must fix the parts that are broken and hurting
millions of Americans.
Voting
for Speaker of the House
On Tuesday , the House elected John Boehner to another term as Speaker of
the House .
In the absence of a credible conservative
alternative, I voted for Speaker Boehner.
He understands West Virginia
priorities such as coal, energy and helping our veterans.
The
other candidates who submitted their names in the eleventh hour did not
have as much credibility with West Virginia priorities.
Ive
had my differences with Speaker Boehner in several policy areas and
have not been afraid to vote against the House leadership in the
past.
Most recently, I voted against an
ill-conceived spending bill that did not do enough to protect coal miners and
temporarily funded the Presidents illegal executive action.
My
vote for Speaker Boehner on this occasion does not equal a rubberstamp
for all House Republican leadership policies and I will continue to
oppose legislation that negatively impacts West
Virginians.
No matter who serves as Speaker of the House, Republicans and
Democrats must continue to concentrate on the problems our country faces, such
as out-of-control spending and reversing a stagnant economy. Rather
than focus on internal Republican politics, my focus in the 114th
Congress will remain on improving life for hardworking West Virginians by
advancing legislation that creates jobs, cuts energy costs, addresses
our healthcare crisis and holds the Obama Administration
accountable.
What do you think? Do you support the construction of the
Keystone XL Pipeline? Yes No Other *By answering this survey, you
are subscribing to my newsletter. If you are having
trouble, click here. Share on Facebook Share on LinkedIn Share on
Twitter Survey Results Have you made your New
Year resolutions? Answer Total Yes 29.18% No 63.61% Other
7.21%
Washington,
DC
412 Cannon HOB |
Washington, DC 20515
Phone:
(202) 225-4172 |
Fax: (202) 225-7564
Morgantown
709
Beechurst Ave.
Suite 29
Morgantown, WV 26505
Phone:
304.284.8506
Wheeling
Horne Building
1100 Main Street, Suite
101
Wheeling, WV 26003
Phone: (304) 232-3801
Fax:
304-232-3813
Parkersburg
Federal
Building
425 Juliana Street
Suite 1004
Parkersburg, WV 26101
Phone: (304) 422-5972
Unsubscribe
|
Update My Profile
|
Privacy Policy
gateway mail end
