
If you are having trouble viewing this
message or would like to share it on a social network, you can
view the message online .
HOME
CONTACT US
CONSTITUENT SERVICES
ISSUES AND LEGISLATION
January 11, 2015
New American Congress:
This week I was
officially sworn in as a member of the 114th Congress. I am honored to
continue serving Eastern Kansans. My first priority is to listen and
represent your interests and ensure my office remains as helpful and
accessible to the citizens of Kansas.
The American people have
given us the responsibility to get our country back on track and Im
eager to get to work. It is time for our government to start getting
results and I look forward to continue working with my colleagues
from both sides of the aisle
to reduce our deficit, lower healthcare
costs, and help everyone get ahead and achieve a better
life.
1st Week of the New American Congress = 3 Jobs
Bills:
This week, the House was already off to a quick
start by passing legislation to get folks back to work and help grow
our economy. Unfortunately, the President has not acknowledged the call
of the people and threatened to veto these sensible
solutions.
Americans cant afford another two years deterred by politics.
They cant afford threats and posturing instead of legitimate
legislating. The American people deserve results. The American people deserve
a Congress and a President focused on them, not the next
election.
I do not know what direction President Obama will choose for
the last two years of his presidency, but I can guarantee you that
your priorities will be my priorities for Americas new Congress. At the
weekly press Conference with Republican Leaders I highlighted these
issues and I encourage you to take a look by watching
here .
Jobs Bill #1: Approval of the
Keystone XL Pipeline:
For the first time in
the 114th Congress, the House of Representatives voted to approve the
Keystone XL Pipeline by passing H.R. 3, the
Keystone XL Pipeline
Act
with strong bipartisan support. We have been waiting for
President Obamas approval for more than six years for a project that
would create thousands of jobs and provide greater energy security for our
country. With this weeks news that the
Nebraska
Supreme Court
ruled that Nebraskas Governor has the authority to
approve the pipeline in the state, there is absolutely no more excuses
for President Obama to hide behind or reasons to delay this project
further.
The benefits to our economy and national security
are too important to ignore. Additionally, a majority of Americans
support the Keystone XL Pipeline, including multiple employers, labor
unions, and Members from both sides of the aisle. The pipeline would be
the safest, most advanced pipeline in the world, and the Presidents own
State Department said the pipeline would not hurt the environment. It
is time to put the American people ahead of politics, and approve the
Keystone XL Pipeline.
Jobs Bill #2:
Save American Workers Act:
The effort to change
the Obamacare definition of a full time employee as one who works only
30 hours a week to 40 hours a week is a priority for folks across the
country, and it is appropriate that the House took action on only the
third day of the New American Congress, by passing the
Save
American Workers Act . This legislation repeals the Affordable Care
Acts 30-hour definition of full-time employment and restores the
traditional 40-hour workweek.
I have heard from employees and
employers alike about the negative consequences of the employer mandate
penalty.
The most complicating factor that I hear about is the
definition of a full-time employee as somebody who works only 30 hours
or fewer per week.
This rule, which is not based in
reality and goes against every traditional measure of a full time work
week, is resulting in fewer jobs, reduced hours, and less opportunity for
millions of working class Americans.
It is effectively a
regressive tax on the folks who can least afford to have their hours
cut.
The sticks that are used in the Presidents health care law
to force employees into healthcare plans are hurting employees and
employers.
And unfortunately, the result is reduced hours and less
opportunity for hardworking Americans trying to support their
families. I was proud to be an original cosponsor of this legislation in the
last Congress and speak on the House Floor in support of this
legislation. To watch,
click here .
Jobs Bill #3: Hire More Heroes Act:
This
week, the House opened Americas New Congress by passing H.R. 22,
the Hire More Heroes Act of 2015 . The Employer Mandate Penalty
Tax is one of the many troublesome and confusing pieces of the
Presidents health care law. The American people want to see it fixed.
This legislation would exempt those who employ Members our nations
military and veterans, and receive TRICAREor VA health benefits, fromthe
Employer Mandate.
Because our current and former
service members already receive health coverage from TRICARE and the VA, it
simply does not make sense to force small businesses to treat these
folks as though they do not have health insurance, driving up their
cost of doing business and leaving less for employee salaries.
In
fact, the current law effectively punishes small businesses for hiring
these heroes. I was a proud cosponsor and supporter of this
legislation in the last Congress, and I was proud again to support this
legislation in the 114th Congress. I urge you to watch my remarks on the House
Floor
here .
Restoring Access to Medication
Act:
The Consumer Health Products Association and the Sjgrens Syndrome
Foundation wrote an article in Roll Call about the need to pass my bill,
the Restoring Access to Medication Act. I plan to introduce this
important legislation again in the 114 th
Congress.
Here is a quick excerpt:
"A provision of the ACA
eliminated over-the-counter medicines as eligible reimbursable expenses under
flexible spending arrangements and health savings accounts. Given
that OTCs are the first line of treatment for most Americans, this
provision seems to contrary to the intent of the act.
"Clearly,
the OTC prescription requirement is creating unforeseen consequences.
But it can be easily corrected with passage of the Restoring Access
to Medication Act, commonsense legislation that would repeal that
provision of the Affordable Care Act and has bipartisan support in both the
House and Senate."
To read the rest of the article,
click here .
Open Office
Hours :
I will be
holding
open office hours
at my Topeka office
on
Friday, January 16, 2015 at 9:00
a.m .
Open office hours are meetings where folks can come and speak with
me directly about the issues most important to them. These meetings
are on a first-come, first-serve basis. To reserve a time, please
contact my Washington, D.C. office at (202)
225-6601.
Washington, DC
Office
1027 Longworth HOB
Washington, D.C. 20515
Phone: (202) 225-6601
Fax: (202) 225-7986
Pittsburg
Office
1001 N. Broadway Street #C
Pittsburg, KS 66762
Phone: (620) 231-LYNN (5966)
Fax: (620) 231-5972
Topeka
Office
3550 SW 5th Street
Topeka, KS 66606
Phone: (785) 234-LYNN (5966)
Fax: (785) 234-5967
Independence Office
120 N. 6th Street
Independence, KS 67301
Phone: (620) 231-LYNN
(5966)
Fax: (620) 231-5972
Unsubscribe
|
Update My Profile
|
Privacy Policy
gateway
mail end 