DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.0 Transitional//EN" "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml1/DTD/xhtml1-transitional.dtd"
OK-04 District Update | January 16, 2015
Click here
if you have trouble viewing this email
Last week, newly elected lawmakers and others returning to Congress came together and took the oath of office to represent the beliefs, values and viewpoints of those who elected them. As I begin my seventh term, I am honored to continue serving and representing the Fourth District of Oklahoma and look forward to keeping you informed on that work in the days ahead. Thank you for your continued trust in me to serve you.
A New Majority
With the start of the 114th Congress comes a fresh majority that was decisively elected by the American people. In addition to maintaining a historic majority in the House, Republicans also gained control of the Senate. While there have been some legislative victories over the last four years, there have been many more House-passed pieces of legislation that were not even acknowledged or considered by the Senate. With the Senate and House now controlled by the same party, I am hopeful that we can move important pieces of legislation that were previously ignored and get them to the presidents desk.
Offering Real Solutions
During the first week of the Republican-led Congress, I am pleased that the House immediately voted on reforms to address the flawed policy and inaction of the Obama Administration. Read about some of those Republican solutions below.
Save American Workers Act
Ever since Obamacare was rammed through the Democrat-led Congress in 2010, implementation of the legislation has proven unworkable, unfair and unaffordable for the American people. One such unaffordable provision includes defining full-time employment as 30 hours per week, rather than the traditional American workweek of 40 hours. This 30-hour definition requires employers to cover previously-unbudgeted insurance costs or pay a penalty. Not only does it hurt employers faced with unexpected insurance costs and prevent them from creating new jobs, but it threatens them from maintaining their current workforce or leads to fewer hours for their hardworking employees to avoid penalties.
The
Save American Workers Act
passed in the House last week repeals this unaffordable provision in the presidents healthcare law.
Keystone XL Pipeline Act
For more than six years, TransCanada has waited for the green light from President Obama in order to begin construction on the northern route of the Keystone pipeline that includes a terminal in Cushing, Oklahoma. Through another one of our very first House votes, I am pleased that lawmakers showed commitment to American jobs and workers by addressing the presidents refusal to approve construction. Passage of the
Keystone XL Pipeline Act
marked the 10th time that the House has voted to remove the presidential permit requirement holding up construction of the northern route.
Despite studies conducted by the State Department that reveal no harmful impact on the environment from construction of the pipeline and resolved litigation in Nebraska once cited as reason for not approving the project, the president has unfortunately already threatened to veto any legislation on Keystone XL that makes it to his desk. His intentions are both ill-founded after years of hiding behind the Senate and hypocritical after he previously celebrated the completion of the southern route last year in Cushing.
I hope that the widespread support on both sides of the aisle in Congress and from countless others across the country will discourage the president from holding up the pipeline any longer. Its high time for the President to put the interests of American workers ahead of those of radical environmentalists and approve this project.
To read my recent column on the importance of Keystone XLs construction and the benefits it would bring to hardworking Americans through new jobs and less dependence on foreign oil, click
here .
DHS Appropriations for FY 2015
In addition to fulfilling our obligation to the American people by responsibly funding the government, the
DHS appropriations bill
passed in the House this week includes amendments that prevent the president from using funds to grant executive amnesty to millions of illegal immigrants.
Last November , when he announced this unconstitutional plan, the president showed that he is not interested in working with lawmakers to find real reforms for our broken immigration system. Inclusion of these amendments keeps the president accountable to powers of the executive branch and prevents his overreach from becoming reality
While the House has acted responsibly by voting quickly on this measure, our colleagues in the upper chamber must also demonstrate the same commitment to the American people and immediately vote on similar legislation to responsibly fund the government and keep the president accountable.
Committee Assignments
Finalized just this week, I am pleased to report that I will continue serving on three important committees in the House, which includes the
Budget Committee ,
Rules Committee
and
Appropriations Committee . On the Appropriations Committee, I will serve as chairman of the Subcommittee on
Labor, Health and Human Services, Education and Related Agencies . Both in my subcommittee chairmanship and other subcommittee and committee assignments, I look forward to the challenge of helping find
real solutions
that the nation desperately needs.
Office Update
During the transition into the new Congress, my
Washington, D.C. office
moved just around the corner in the Rayburn House Office Building. We are still on the fourth floor, but you can now find us in
Room 2467 . All other previous contact information and my Oklahoma office locations in
Norman ,
Ada
and
Lawton
will remain the same.
State of the Union
President Obama is scheduled to appear before the nation on Tuesday evening at 8 p.m. CT during the annual televised State of the Union Address. I encourage you to watch and look for my response to his address posted to my
website
and on social media that same evening.
Stay Connected
As your Congressman, I want to keep you informed on the issues facing our district, state and country. Follow the conversation or reach out to me using
#OK04
on
Twitter . You can also connect with me on
Facebook ,
YouTube ,
Instagram
or
Vine .
If you have a legislative question or other inquiry, please send an email through my website
here .
Sincerely,
Tom Cole
Member of Congress
As members were sworn in last week for the 114th Congress, I was reminded of my
very first swearing-in
12 years ago with former Speaker of the U.S. House Denny Hastert, my wife Ellen and late mother Helen Cole. Still an honor and privilege to serve Oklahomas Fourth District.
During the transition into the new Congress, my
Washington, D.C. office
moved to 2467 Rayburn House Office Building. If youre
planning a visit to our nations capital , I hope youll include a stop by the office.
Had a
nice visit
in my DC office last week with Zachary Musgrove and Courtney Lashar from Norman. Both shared about their experiences helping improve child nutrition for those in under-resourced communities.
While votes on the House floor in D.C. prevented me from being there in person, I am grateful to hear reports of the
safe return of 70 members of the Oklahoma Army National Guard
from deployment in Afghanistan. The majority of these brave individuals are stationed in the Fourth District.
During a House Rules Committee meeting, I discussed the presidents failure to approve construction of TransCanadas Keystone XL pipeline.
Watch the video
to learn why the Administration is involved in approval of Keystone at all.
Washington, DC Office
2458 Rayburn HOB
Washington, DC 20515
Phone: (202) 225-6165
Norman
2424 Springer Dr., Suite 201
Norman, OK 73069
Phone: (405) 329-6500
Ada
100 E. 13th St., Suite 213
Ada, OK 74820
Phone: (580) 436-5375
Lawton
711 SW D Ave., Suite 201
Lawton, OK 73501
Phone: (580) 357-2131
UPDATE SUBSCRIPTION OPTIONS
|
CONTACT US
Click Here Click Here