
More Failed Policies and Empty Promises: The State of Our Union under Obama
Tuesday, January 27, 2015
Learning How to Better Secure Our Border
Last weekend, 18 of my House colleagues and I toured our Southern Border. We heard success stories about interagency cooperation in the San Diego section, the frustration of ranchers in Arizona, and concerns about another seasonal surge of unaccompanied children in the Rio Grande. Its abundantly clear that our border patrol needs help. They need more technology and more manpower.
Predator Drones and Aerostat Balloons are amazingly effective. They are able to track aliens crossing the border miles away and effectively guide border patrol agents to the exact location to intercept people and drugs. The technology is amazing. There are at least 20 or more unused Aerostat Balloons in storage, retired from our military that are ready for border patrol use. A relatively inexpensive camera upgrade makes these tools even more effective.
A small fleet of Predator Drones are stationed in both Arizona and Corpus Christi. An additional Predator Drone can be purchased for less than the cost of two miles of border fence.
With more technology, we also need more manpower to respond to aerial sightings. Though difficult, I believe we can secure the borders with high-tech surveillance equipment and well trained National Guard and border patrol agents.
Soon the House is expected to take up
H.R. 399 , the Secure Our Borders First Act of 2015, of which I am an original cosponsor of. This bill would require the Department of Homeland Security (DHS) to gain full control of the southern border and authorizes more technology and more manpower.
This legislation also provides funds for our National Guard to engage in border patrol activities and allows for our border patrol agents to access federal lands they cant patrol today. Finally, this legislation would enforce penalties on DHS political appointees if the goals for securing our border outlined by Congress are not met.
Though not perfect, and for arcane House jurisdictional rules, the bill does not address all of our needs like interior enforcement and mandatory E-Verify. These issues fall within the jurisdiction if the House Judiciary Committee. The chairman of this committee, Rep. Bob Goodlatte (R-VA-06), has assured me
that we will have additional bills dealing with these issues.
My Take on the President's Address
On Tuesday, the President delivered his annual State of the Union (SOTU) address to Congress and the American people. Instead of listening to the American voters who spoke loud and clear last November, the President laid out his old tired agenda that calls for a bigger more Washington centered government rather than a more efficient bottom up government that empowers people not government.
The President's speech laid out many lofty goals, and yet consistently failed to answer the question. How do we pay for this?
At a time when our national debt has surpassed the $18 trillion mark, we need to be looking for more efficiency in government and re-focusing on the constitutionally outlined core functions of the federal government.
The President also called for tax reform. While I agree that we need to reform our tax code, the President has consistently floated plans to raise taxes, not to create a fairer, flatter, simpler system that lowers taxes on hard working Americans and promotes a healthy economy. You worked hard for your money, you deserve to keep as much as possible not watch it wasted by an unaccountable, inefficient, bloated bureaucracy.
Defending the Lives of the Unborn
Last Thursday, on the 42nd anniversary of the infamous Roe v. Wade decision, I continued to fight to protect the lives of the unborn. The House, with my support, passed
H.R. 7 , the No Taxpayer Funding for Abortion and Abortion Insurance Full Disclosure Act of 2015 by a vote of
242-179 .
This legislation seeks strengthen the ban on taxpayer funded abortions by prohibiting the use any federal funds, state matched funds, including Medicaid, to pay for abortions or to purchase insurance plans that cover abortions.
Since the moment I saw the ultrasound of my first daughter, Morgan, I became a firm believer in life. I believe that abortions are not health care and should not be treated as such. While Roe v. Wade continues to be the law of the land, I will continue to fight for the innocent lives of the unborn.
Remembering Dr. Martin Luther King Jr.
Last Monday, we celebrated and remembered the life, legacy, and accomplishments of Dr. Martin Luther King Jr. Dr. Kings commitment to fight for equality and the freedom for all has inspired us to further continue our commitment to help others achieve the American dream.
Our nation was founded on the idea of individual liberty and the pursuit of happiness, and as we reflect on the life and legacy of Dr. King, we should use his teachings to get involved in our local our local communities in order to better the lives of those around us.
CONNECT
LATEST NEWS
Committee on Homeland Security Passes Secure Our Borders First Act
The Katy News
State of the Union drawing praise and criticism
KTIV
Texas Lawmakers Visit The Valley To Discuss Plans To Secure The Border
KRGV
Congressman Farenthold Introduces legislation to Expand State Highway 44 into I-69
Texas GOP Vote
EXPECTED VOTES THIS WEEK
H.R. 514
- Human Trafficking Prioritization Act
H.R. 515
- International Megans Law to Prevent Demand for Child Sex Trafficking
H.R. 357
- Human Trafficking Prevention Act
H.R. 468
- Enhancing Services for Runaway and Homeless Victims for Youth Trafficking Act of 2015
H.R. 469
- Strengthening Child Welfare Response to Trafficking Act of 2015
H.R. 246
- To improve the response to victims of child sex trafficking
H.R. 398
- Trafficking Awareness Training for Health Care Act of 2015
H.R. 460
- Human Trafficking Detection Act of 2015
H.R. 350
- Human Trafficking Prevention, Intervention, and Recovery Act of 2015
H.R. 159
- Stop Exploitation Through Trafficking Act of 2015
H.R. 181
- Justice for Victims of Trafficking Act of 2015
H.R. 285
- Stop Advertising Victims of Exploitation Act of 2015
H.R. 351
- LNG Permitting Certainty and Transparency Act
SNAPSHOTS
1/21- On Wednesday, the Corpus Christi Fire Department Chief Robert Rocha recognized Firefighter Captain Dana Lechner as the 2015 Firefighter of the Year, and Firefighter II Inspector Peter Salazar as the 2015 Prevention Officer of the Year.
1/21- On Wednesday, I met with the Small UAV Coalition about trying to improve the Federal Aviation Administration's permitting process while making sure we protect individual privacy.
1/19- On Monday, the Dr. Hector P. Garcia Memorial Foundation and the American GI Forum held a luncheon to recognize what would have been the 101st birthday of Dr. Hector P. Garcia, a Major in the Army during World War II and a civil rights leader for our Hispanic Community
1/19- The Delta Sigma Theta Sorority, Inc. Corpus Christi Chapter sponsored the Annual Martin Luther King Holiday Celebration with a March that started at the Nueces County Courthouse and ended at the Episcopal Church of the Good Shepherd.
1/18- The Shiner Chamber of Commerce held it's first Annual Business Expo &amp; Banquet to hand out Scholarships to Blake Michalec (Shiner High School) and Emily Malinovsky (St. Paul High School). The Chamber also recognized it's Citizen of the Year, Bernice Jalufka and C. J. Patton with it's Outstanding Chamber Director Award.
WEBSITE
|
UNSUBSCRIBE
|
CONTACT
Click Here Click Here