DOCTYPE html PUBLIC '-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.0 Transitional//EN' 'http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml1/DTD/xhtml1-transitional.dtd'
Bob Latta's Family Values Watch
DECEMBER 2014
REPRESENTING OHIO'S 5TH DISTRICT
Share
Congressman Latta's monthly newsletter tracking life and family news from the Nations Capital
[if gte mso 9]>
Normal
0
false
false
false
EN-US
JA
X-NONE
<![endif]
UPDATE: CALIFORNIA VIOLATES LAW BY EXPANDING ABORTION COVERAGE
Last month, I informed you that the California Department of Managed Health Care (DMHC) issued a directive requiring all plans under DMHC authority to immediately include coverage for all legal abortions
including plans for employers who had requested an abortion exclusion.
As you know, I joined with several other Members of Congress in sending
a
letter
to the Department of Health and Human Services (HHS) Secretary Burwell urging HHS to act quickly on this matter and provide information about actions taken to bring DMHC into compliance with the law.
We recently received
a
response
from the Secretary stating the HHSs Office for Civil Rights (OCR) has received three complaints alleging that the DHMC directive violates the conscience clause protections of the Weldon Amendment. OCR has opened an investigation to examine the allegations; however, since these are open cases, the Secretary could not comment on the status of review.
Furthermore, this direct violation of law was addressed in the Consolidated and Further Continuing Appropriations Act for fiscal year 2015, which was signed into law by the President on December 16, 2014.
The Appropriations Act contains an explanatory statement with language noting complaints of reported violations of health care provisions and directs HHS to take action.
This is another step toward obtaining relief for the victims of the California mandate and warns other states considering similar action that Congress takes the Weldon amendment seriously.
HOPE REMAINS FOR PASTOR SAEED ABEDINI
Pastor Saeed Abedini is an Iranian-American citizen who was detained by the Iranian Revolutionary Guard in 2012.
Iran charged and sentenced him to eight years in prison for intentionally undermining the national security of Iran by practicing his Christian faith.
During his imprisonment, Pastor Abedini has endured brutal conditions and physical and psychological torture.
His health has also significantly declined and he has not received adequate medical treatment.
On December 11, 2014, I joined with other Members of Congress in sending
a
letter
to the President asking that he hold a public meeting with Mrs. Naghmeh Abedini in order to further embolden the Abedinis cause and open communication for his prompt release from Iranian prison. I believe it is important for political leaders, especially our President, to stand against religious persecution and help those who are suffering from such wrongdoings.
NONDISCRIMINATION POLICY AT A UNIVERSITY AFFECTS RELIGIOUS ORGANIZATION
Earlier this year, citing the schools nondiscrimination policy, California State University revoked InterVarsity Christian Fellowships status as a recognized student organization because of the groups leadership requirements.
The group required students who held a leadership role to affirm the religious faith and mission of the organization.
I believe the Universitys action to revoke recognition based on the organizations desire to have leaders who share its conviction and Christian view is a violation of our religious freedoms.
Therefore, I signed on to
a
letter
that urges the school to not discriminate against student organizations that ask their leaders to affirm the core principles of the organization.
The letter states, An organization should not be forced to choose between preserving their religious identity through their student leadership and the benefits of being a fully recognized student organization.
It is important that we continue to allow and preserve the rights of individuals to freely associate based on common interests.
TAXPAYER FUNDS USED TO PAY FOR ABORTION UNDER OBAMACARE
The Affordable Care Act (ACA), also known as Obamacare, explicitly requires a separate payment for abortions.
However, last month, the Department of Health and Human Services (HHS) issued a proposed rule establishing standards for issuers and Marketplaces for 2016, that includes a section addressing separate payment of the abortion surcharge and outlines ways in which insurance companies can avoid collecting actual separate payments. Therefore, I joined with other Members of Congress in sending
a letter
to HHS urging the modification of the proposed rule so that issuers are directed to bill and collect the abortion surcharge separately as directed by law. I find it outrageous that the Obama Administration continues to try and circumvent existing laws, especially laws relating to abortion payments in health plans.
The American taxpayers should not be held responsible to fund subsidies that cover elective abortion.
2015 MARCH FOR LIFE
Please mark your calendars to attend the 2015 March for Life rally on
Thursday, January 22, 2015
in Washington, D.C.
I will be hosting an open house for constituents who are visiting the area to support the pro-life movement.
The reception will be held at the
Rayburn House Office Building in Room 2322 from 1:00pm
5:00pm . For more information, please
click
here
to read the flyer.
News Releases
December 23:
President Signs Lattas Propane Bill into Law
December 18:
Latta Statement on Changes in U.S. Policy Toward Cuba
December 17:
Ohio GOP Delegation Releases ObamaCare Horror Stories from Ohio
Social Media
Follow Congressman Latta online! He regularly updates his profiles with the latest news and developments from around Ohio and Capitol Hill.
OHIO OFFICES
WASHINGTON DC OFFICE
BOWLING GREEN OFFICE
1045 North Main St, Ste 6
Bowling Green, OH 43402
T (419) 354-8700
DEFIANCE OFFICE
101 Clinton St, Ste 1200
Defiance, OH 43512
T (419) 782-1996
FINDLAY OFFICE
318 Dorney Plaza, Room 302
Findlay, OH 45840
T (419) 422-7791
2448 Rayburn HOB
Washington, DC 20515
Main: 202-225-6405
Unsubscribe
-
Privacy Policy
Click Here Click Here