
Date: [DatePublished:{MMMM dd, yyyy}]
Contact: [ContactName]
FOR IMMEDIATE RELEASE
[ContactPhone]
Dear Friend,
As 2014 draws to a close, I'd like to thank you for staying connected to my office. My ability to effectively represent Illinois Fifth District in Congress is tied directly to how you and I communicate, and I ask that you remain engaged with my office in the New Year.
Moving forward into 2015, I will continue my fight to help small businesses create jobs, bring federal dollars to Illinois through my work on the House Appropriations Committee and improve the economy for middle class and working families. Below is a short list of work I was proud to accomplish for the Fifth District in 2014 and some of the issues I will continue to champion in 2015.
As always, it is an honor to serve you. My district staff is here to assist with any federal issue you might have, including passports, Medicare, veterans benefits and more so please dont hesitate to contact our office if theres anything we can do for you.
You can also connect with us on
Facebook ,
Twitter ,
Instagram
and
YouTube .
Sincerely,
Mike Quigley
Improving the Economy for the Middle Class &amp; Working Families
The middle class drives our economy and small businesses create jobs here in Illinois. In 2015, I will work to create a stronger and more productive workforce. Im prioritizing investments in
innovation and education
and policies that support working families, including
affordable child care , paid family and sick leave, and efforts to make higher education more affordable for everybody. Im going to continue to prioritize middle class families ahead of millionaires by pushing for a
fairer tax code . And I will continue opposing federal budgets like the one proposed last year that would have raised taxes on middle-class families by $2,000 and given millionaires an average tax break of $200,000.
Transportation and Infrastructure
Rep. Quigley tours the 606 Trail, a bike and
pedestrian trail from Lincoln Park to Logan
Square on the old elevated Bloomingdale
Rail line.
As the only Illinois member of the House Appropriations Committee, I have an incredible opportunity to encourage economic development in the Chicagoland area. In the recently passed omnibus for FY2015, I fought to secure $120 million that will be available for the Chicago Transit Authoritys (CTA) modernization of the Red and Purple lines. This is the second year money has been appropriated for
Core Capacity , having secured
$35 million in funding
in 2014 for CTA modernization. I also advocated in the House to increase funding for TIGER grants, securing $500 million that could be used for a variety of infrastructure projects in the Chicagoland area, including the Elgin-OHare Western Access Project. I also opposed Republican efforts to restrict
TIGER grant eligibility
to prevent funding for public transit, bike and pedestrian projects. I am humbled by the role Im playing on the Appropriations Committee, and will continue ensuring that taxpayer dollars are spent responsibly on smart investments that will create American jobs and continue strengthening our economy in 2015.
Safe Neighborhoods
I want to make 2015 the year Congress steps up to the challenge and stops gun violence where it starts. As a leader in the fight against gun violence, Ive introduced legislation to bolster local
gun buyback initiatives
nationwide and crack down on the
illegal gun market . In 2014, we saw increased
Community Oriented Policing Services
(COPS) grants, helping secure additional funding to put
more cops on Chicagos streets . In the omnibus, I was proud to support increased funds for the Bureau of Alcohol, Tobacco, Firearms and Explosives, helping better fight against gun violence and gun trafficking. I also led the effort to increase the FY2015 budget for the
National Instant Criminal Background Check System
(NICS), passing a bipartisan amendment in the House that will help close the information gap that allows criminals and the mentally ill to slip through the cracks and buy guns. Next year, I will continue to be an advocate for important policies like these that make our communities safer and stronger.
Climate Change and Extreme Weather
Rep. Quigley surveys damage caused in
Chicagoland area due to massive flooding.
From air pollution that threatens our health to extreme weather that devastates our neighborhoods and threatens our economy, America is experiencing the impacts of climate change. We simply cannot afford to ignore the issue any longer. I will continue my fight to get Congress to step up and pass legislation that will help curb Climate Change. I will also continue to advocate for the establishment of a
national energy plan
and legislation that
protects natural resources
like the Great Lakes. Recently, I was able to help secure $18.5 million so the Metropolitan Water Reclamation District (MWRD) can complete the McCook and Thornton reservoirs and reduce long-term flooding in Cook County. While Im proud of this accomplishment, I will continue working to protect local neighborhoods from
urban flooding
caused by stronger and more destructive storms and pollution from
petroleum coke
(petcoke) storage sites that lack sufficient regulations.
Equality for All
As a member of the
Congressional Equality Caucus , I do my best to be a
tireless advocate
for the LGBT community. Whether it's fighting for marriage equality, advocating against senseless discrimination, or speaking on behalf of those who cannot defend themselves, I believe that we must be guided by doing what's right, what's fair, and what's just. Illinois saw a major victory this year with the passage of
marriage equality , but discriminatory policies like the
blood ban
against men who have sex with men (MSM) and the stagnation of the
Employment Non-Discrimination Act
(ENDA) in the House shows that we still have a lot of work ahead of us. I firmly believe in President Abraham Lincoln's vision, shared nearly 150 years ago
that our country is on an evolutionary path to full equality for all Americans and that the fight for human rights is an ongoing one. I look forward to helping pave this path in the 114th Congress.
WEBSITE
|
UNSUBSCRIBE
|
CONTACT
Click Here Click Here