
Merry Christmas and Happy Holidays!
(Click the play button above or click here
to watch Senator Collins' holiday message)
"The holiday season brings together families and friends to rejoice in
the many blessings in our lives. As we celebrate with loved ones, let
us also reach out to those less fortunate-so that they may know
healing, comfort, and hope.
"In this season of giving, I thank the men and women of our armed
forces. They have given us the greatest gift of all-our freedom. That
gift reflects dedication and courage, and has been passed along by
generations of patriots.
"We also are grateful to the families of our military personnel, many
of whom endure separation during the holidays. Their sacrifice is
great, and their strength inspires us.
"May the holidays be filled with every blessing for you and your
family, and may the spirit of this season be with you throughout the
New Year."
Signing Holiday Cards for Our Troops
(Click the play button above or click here
to watch the story)
>From WABI TV Channel 5
:
Senator Susan Collins joined veterans in Bangor Friday to sign
holiday cards for military men and women currently on duty.
It's part of the Holiday Mail for Heroes program, organized by
the American Red Cross.
Friday morning, the folks at the Maine Veterans' Home shared
their sentiments.
Organizers say since 2006, more than 6.5 million cards have
been passed out to active duty members, veterans and their families.
Some of the cards stay local - some travel overseas.
Collins says, "I think it means so much to our service men and
women to receive cards that are signed by veterans from other times and
other conflicts. They know the veterans who are signing these cards
know first hand what they're going through as they are separated from
their families during the holidays."
Collins says this is also a time to thank the veterans at the
home for their service to our country.
OFFICE OF SENATOR SUSAN COLLINS
413 Dirksen Senate Office Building
Washington, D.C. 20510
Phone: (202) 224-2523
Fax: (202) 224-2693
To UNSUBSCRIBE, please click here
DEFAULT TABLE ATTRIBUTES ARE:
DEFAULT TD STYLE IS:
DEFAULT LEFT SIDEBAR IS:
DEFAULT RIGHT COLUMN IS:
Can't
see the images? Make sure your e-mail is set to download pictures in order to see the full content
of this e-newsletter.
Merry
Christmas and Happy Holidays!
(Click the play button above or
click
here
to watch Senator Collins' holiday message)
"The holiday season brings
together families and friends to rejoice in the many blessings in our lives. As we celebrate with loved
ones, let us also reach out to those less fortunate&#8212;so that they may know healing, comfort, and
hope.
"In this season of giving,
I thank the men and women of our armed forces. They have given us the greatest gift of all&#8212;our freedom.
That gift reflects dedication and courage, and has been passed along by generations of patriots.
"We also are grateful to
the families of our military personnel, many of whom endure separation during the holidays. Their
sacrifice is great, and their strength inspires us.
"May the holidays be filled
with every blessing for you and your family, and may the spirit of this season be with you throughout
the New Year."
Signing Holiday Cards for Our Troops
(Click the play button above or
click
here
to watch the story)
From
WABI TV
Channel 5 :
Senator Susan Collins joined veterans in Bangor Friday to sign holiday cards for military men and
women currently on duty.
It&#8217;s part of the Holiday Mail for Heroes program, organized by the American Red Cross.
Friday morning, the folks at the Maine Veterans&#8217; Home shared their sentiments.
Organizers say since 2006, more than 6.5 million cards have been passed out to active duty members,
veterans and their families.
Some of the cards stay local &#8211; some travel overseas.
Collins says, &#8220;I think it means so much to our service men and women to receive cards that
are signed by veterans from other times and other conflicts. They know the veterans who are signing these
cards know first hand what they&#8217;re going through as they are separated from their families during
the holidays.&#8221;
Collins says this is also a time to thank the veterans at the home for their service to our country.
OFFICE OF SENATOR SUSAN COLLINS
413 Dirksen Senate Office Building Washington,
D.C. 20510 Phone: (202) 224-2523 Fax: (202) 224-2693
To UNSUBSCRIBE,
please
click here
