
BREAKING: Extreme Republicans in the House are REFUSING to fund the government -- and if they don&rsquo;t act in the next 72 HOURS (that&rsquo;s THIS THURSDAY), they&rsquo;ll cause ANOTHER government shutdown.
Friend -- BREAKING: Extreme Republicans in the House are REFUSING to fund the government -- and if they don&rsquo;t act in the next 72 HOURS (by THIS THURSDAY), they&rsquo;ll cause ANOTHER government shutdown.
We&rsquo;re in disbelief that John Boehner, Ted Cruz, and the rest of the GOP could be so blind with rage over President Obama&rsquo;s immigration actions that they would try shut down the government AGAIN unless they get their way.
Democrats are ready to pass a budget that would fund the government for an entire year. But unless we can pressure the GOP into backing down, the Republicans could shut down the government in just 72 hours. That&#39;s why we need your help today.
ADD YOUR NAME: Demand that the Republicans END their threat of a government shutdown.
Your Action History
Last Petition Signed:
N/A
No Government Shutdown:
Signature Pending &gt;&gt;
There is NO WAY President Obama will stand down on his courageous immigration action, but extreme Republicans are refusing to listen.
Their plan would take veterans, those dependent on Social Security, and even some of the sickest Americans hostage in an attempt to force President Obama&#39;s hand.
Last October&#39;s GOP shutdown cost over $24 BILLION and disrupted vital services for some of the most vulnerable Americans for weeks. Another shutdown just before the holidays -- during a much colder time of year -- could have far more harmful consequences.
We need to show Boehner, Cruz, and the Republicans that Democrats REFUSE to stand for another government shutdown. Will you join us?
STAND WITH DEMOCRATS! Tell John Boehner, Ted Cruz, and the Republicans: No government shutdown!
Thanks,
DSCC Breaking News
P.S.
Pitch in to hold John Boehner, Ted Cruz, and extreme Republicans accountable for their outrageous threat of a government shutdown.
Democratic Senatorial Campaign Committee
P.O. Box 96047
Washington, DC 20090
Paid for by the Democratic Senatorial Campaign Committee, dscc.org,
and not authorized by any candidate or candidate&#39;s committee.
The DSCC is the only organization solely dedicated to supporting Democrats in the U.S. Senate. This message was sent to dj724530@gmail.com because you are a part of the DSCC&rsquo;s grassroots network. Please add us to your address book or approved senders list to make sure you keep receiving DSCC updates.
Emails are a critical way for us to stay in touch with our grassroots supporters. 99% of the DSCC&rsquo;s contributions come from grassroots donors giving less than $200. We also strive to keep you updated on issues related to the Democratic Party&rsquo;s values.
If you&rsquo;d like to stop receiving emails related to this campaign, please
click here .
If you&#39;d like to make a contribution to support us, please
click here . We are already beginning to prepare for the fight ahead &ndash; reclaiming the majority in 2016. It will take every single grassroots supporter, but we know it&rsquo;s possible with your help. If you&rsquo;d like to stop receiving all emails from the DSCC, please
unsubscribe . We greatly appreciate your continued support.
Contributions or gifts to the DSCC are not tax deductible.
