
If you
are having trouble viewing this message or would like to share it on a
social network, you can
view the message online .
HOME
ABOUT
CONTACT ME
SERVING YOU
MEDIA CENTER
ISSUES &amp;
LEGISLATION
OUR DISTRICT
December 12, 2014
Dear
Friend,
Last night the House passed a year-long funding
bill to provide for the operations of our federal
government.
When I read through this bill, I saw that it included a number of
the things I care about, and a number of the things youve written me
about. This bill includes many provisions to help our economy grow,
allow our farmers and ranchers to succeed, protect our second amendment
rights, and ensure our veterans can get the care they deserve, among
other things.
The omnibus spending
bill:
Provides increased funding to the VA to implement the Veterans
Choice, Access and Accountability Act of 2014 (I attended the bill signing
for this law in August after months of work with the Veterans Affairs
committee to craft legislation protecting and providing for our vets.
Its a great first step );
Increases
staff at the Veterans Benefits Administration to help process claims
and reduce our backlog;
Includes no funding for
California high-speed rail (I wrote a
letter
last week
to House appropriators asking that they include my amendment to
prohibit spending federal dollars on this project, which long ago ceased
representing the will of our states voters);
Restricts the
EPA application of the onerous Waters of the U.S. rule in
agricultural areas, helping ensure that the government stays out of farmers and
ranchers ponds and ditches;
Gives no new funding to
the Affordable Care Act, which is still causing families across the
Valley to see increased premiums, decreased coverage, and even more
limited options for access to care;
Protects our Second
Amendment rights by prohibiting the implementation of the UN Arms Trade
Treaty;
Allocates emergency funding to fight
Ebola;
Freezes member salaries and office payrolls for members of
Congress and our staff (I have cut my own office budget each
year);
And bans the Administrations florescent light bulb
standard, which prevents incandescent bulbs from being manufactured or sold
(many of you have written me about this standard, which has raised
costs across the country at a time when your electric bills are already
too high).
Perhaps most importantly, the bill puts us
on much stronger footing to challenge the Presidents executive
action on immigration. I cannot support his choice to ignore the will of
the American people and act outside of the Constitution. He and I share
the goal of reforming our broken immigration system, but I wont
support him doing so in a process that sidesteps Congress. The funding bill
I supported yesterday did not include any funding for the Department
of Homeland Security past February. This means that we will have the
opportunity several months from now, with a new Senate, to send a clear
message from all of Congress that executive action which undermines
the rule of law will not be tolerated.
This is not a
perfect bill, and the practice of passing last-minute funding bills creates
far too much uncertainty for American families. This dysfunctional
system was created when the Senate stopped considering and passing
individual appropriations bills through regular order, as the House has
done each year. I look forward to having a willing partner in the Senate
next Congress to consider individual funding bills, line-by-line, in a
transparent and steady process.
I had the pleasure of
nominating 16 exemplary young people to our nations military academies
this week. Each of these individuals has demonstrated an admirable
desire to learn and to serve our nation, and their contributions to their
communities deserve recognition.
You can read the
full list of nominees here . If you or someone you know is
interested in applying to attend one of our military academies, you can
find
more information on the application process through
my website .
Calling each of these young men and women to tell
them the good news is one of my favorite parts of my
job.
Im looking forward to spending time at
home this week
and for those of you in Escalon, Ill see you tomorrow
at the Chamber of Commerces Parade of Lights!
JEFF
DENHAM
Do you support the omnibus funding bill passed
by the House?
Yes No Do you support Congress
doing everything we can to prevent the President from implementing his
plan for executive action?
Yes No *By answering this survey, you are subscribing to my
newsletter. If you are having trouble, click here.
E-mail Updates
Yes, please periodically send me e-mail updates.*
*By subscribing to my
e-mail updates,
you are authorizing me to send regular e-mail updates from my office to
your e-mail account.
DC office:
1730 Longworth
HOB
Washington, DC
20515
P: 202-225-4540
F:
202-225-3402
Modesto
Office:
4701 Sisk Road, Suite 202
Modesto, CA 95356
P:
209-579-5458
F: 209-579-5028
Unsubscribe
|
Update My
Profile
|
Privacy Policy
gateway mail
end 