
If you are
having trouble viewing this message or would like to share it on a
social network, you can
view the message online .
HOME
ABOUT ME
CONTACT ME
SERVING YOU
MEDIA CENTER
OUR
DISTRICT
RESOURCES
January 07, 2015
Swearing In the New Congress
Yesterday, I was sworn in to the 114th Congress
for my third term representing the Third District of Kansas. I am
humbled by this honor.
Our most
important task of starting this new Congress was our oath of office,
which I proudly took while holding my 1 year old
daughter.
I, Kevin Yoder, do solemnly swear that I
will support and defend the Constitution of the United States against
all enemies, foreign and domestic; that I will bear true faith and
allegiance to the same; that I take this obligation freely, without any
mental reservation or purpose of evasion; and that I will well and
faithfully discharge the duties of the office on which I am about to
enter. So help me God
Our first vote
was election for Speaker of the House. John Boehner received a
majority of votes at 216, second was Nancy Pelosi at 164, third was Daniel
Webster of Florida at 12 votes. No other candidate received more than 3
votes. This came down to a choice between John Boehner and Nancy
Pelosi. When faced with those choices, I supported the current Speaker
over the former. I know many of you support neither of them but simply
put, there was no viable
alternative.
My pledge is to do everything we can to renew our commitment to
our conservative Kansas principles and the people of Kansas. Each new
Congress is a new beginning and a new opportunity to work to get things
done for the good of our
country.
One of the first steps we will take this week is authorizing the
construction of the Keystone XL Pipeline over the objections of the
Administration. As soon as possible, I will push for a vote on the Fair Tax to
limit the influence of this Administrations toxic IRS. Additionally,
I am reintroducing two bills that eliminate lifelong pensions and cut
salaries for Members of
Congress.
All of these are aggressive, conservative priorities. I look
forward to rolling up my sleeves and getting to work to ensure that they
continue to be the House of Representatives priorities.
Eliminating Pensions &amp; Cutting Salaries in
Congress
Since I have come to Congress, I have made it a top priority to restore
trust and accountability between Congress and the American people. In
order to bring government spending under control, Congress must show
the American people that it is willing to cut its own costs and
benefits in order to take that first step towards fiscal responsibility.
That is why I plan to reintroduce two important pieces of legislation
that will do just that.
HR 179 - Congressional Pay Reduction
Act
Current law provides for an automatic, five percent Cost of Living
Adjustment (COLA) for Members of Congress every year unless Congress
votes to reject the raise. This bill would not only eliminate that
automatic raise, but also cuts Congressional salaries by an additional five
percent.
HR
180 - Termination of Lifelong Pensions for Members of Congress
Act
This bill eliminates the Federal Employee
Retirement System (FERS) for Members of Congress. Currently, all Members of
Congress are required to participate in this lifelong pension system -
unable to opt out - as long as they serve in Congress for five
years.
Tough economic times require all of us to
sacrifice in order to rebuild our country. Most Americans have seen
stagnant wages for years, and certainly do not have lifelong pensions.
These bills allow Members of Congress to show real leadership in making
those sacrifices to rebuild America again.
Approving the Keystone XL Pipeline
During the last Congress, I was
proud to support HR 5682, a bill that would have authorized the
construction of the Keystone XL Pipeline. Unfortunately, the bill failed to
achieve passage in the Senate before the year
ended.
I look forward to voting for it again this week.
According to the State Department, construction of Keystone XL Pipeline
would create 42,100 jobs and generate approximately $2 billion in
earnings for American business.
Thankfully, the new
Republican-led Senate
is poised
to take up the authorization bill , and is expected to pass it
as soon as possible. Hopefully, the Administration will cease its
stall tactics and approve the most shovel-ready project in America.
For more information, click this icon to
visit the
House Energy &amp; Commerce Committee
website.
Protecting the Unborn
This
week, I joined on as a cosponsor of two important pieces of legislation
that reflect my belief in the sanctity of life, and my commitment to
promoting the protection of life wherever
possible.
HR 36 - Pain
Capable Unborn Child
Act
This bill prohibits an abortion of an unborn child past 20 weeks
after fertilization. Medical evidence has shown that post-20 weeks, a
child is capable of feeling pain. This is not only the right thing to
do, but it is also supported by most of America, with 80% of
respondents telling Gallup in 2013 they are against third-trimester
abortions.
HR 217 - Title X
Abortion Provider Prohibition
Act
This bill preserves taxpayer dollars and protects life by prohibiting
Title X family planning grants from being used by organizations that
provide abortions. These grants, even before Roe v. Wade, were never
supposed to be used in programs where abortions are used as a family
planning method. However, organizations like Planned Parenthood continue
to receive hundreds of millions of dollars to subsidize their
abortions.
It is my hope that with the
new Republican Senate, these bills will be quickly passed and sent to
the Presidents desk for approval.
ICYMI:
Monday
Kansas City Star
Guest Editorial
Rep. Kevin
Yoder: Scrapping costly banking regulation is a way to invest in
America
After the Great Recession, Americans
had hoped for the historic post-recession bump that our economy has
always experienced. Grounded in unending American optimism, we were primed
and prepared to regain our economic foothold and put Americans back
to work.
Unfortunately, Washington had different
ideas. Capitol Hill leaders argued the economy had slowed because
bureaucrats hadnt protected it with enough regulations, taxes or mandates.
They did the exact opposite of what the economy needed, imposing a
laundry list of policies that siphoned off the certainty and
predictability that encourages investment.
One item on that
list was the 2,300 pages of red tape passed in the waning months of the
Democratic-controlled Congress in 2010. Named after its authors, Sen.
Chris Dodd of Connecticut and Rep. Barney Frank of Massachusetts, this
legislation was full of provisions harassing everyone from real
estate agents to auto dealers to banks.
Yet, we know
Washington regulations dont create jobs. If we truly want to expand the
earning power of American workers, we must encourage investment to
grow our economy. That starts with protecting us from the central
planners in Washington who continue to stifle lending.
Recently, a bipartisan effort in both houses of Congress did just that
by amending an unneeded and duplicative Washington regulation. Section
716 of Dodd-Frank would have prohibited banks from mitigating risk by
forcing them to push out commodities swaps. This after-thought of
financial reform was considered so extreme and unnecessary that Frank
didnt include it in the original House version of the bill.
Economic growth is created through access to capital, the
life-blood that allows innovators and entrepreneurs to create jobs. By
recently fixing Section 716, Congress worked together to encourage banks
to invest in American businesses. This fix actually makes banking
safer
specifically, the commodities markets for agriculture and energy
producers
while not exposing the American taxpayer to further
liability.
This is not to be confused with the
transactions that are blamed for the 2008 meltdown
those infamous credit
default swaps on subprime mortgage-backed securities remain
prohibited.
Contrary to the myth that this amendment was stuffed
into the spending bill at the last minute, this was perhaps the most
bipartisan and thoroughly debated change to Dodd-Frank to date. After
debate and passage by the Financial Services and Agriculture
Committees, the full House debated and passed it in 2013 as a stand-alone bill;
70 Democrats joined Republicans for a veto-proof majority. Then, this
year the Appropriations Committee passed it as an amendment to the
spending bill. Finally, again after full debate, the House passed it
twice more before it was finally signed into law by President Barack
Obama.
The Bipartisan Policy Center hailed its passage
as an example of a smart regulatory achievement that fixes a costly
and unnecessary provision.
Now that this proposal
has been signed into law, perhaps this is a model to show how the two
parties can work together to put the economy and American workers
ahead of over-regulation and Washington control. Its time to begin
investing in America again.
2014 in Review: By the
Numbers
Here are
some of the statistics compiled by my offices in Washington and Overland
Park. Thank you again for placing your trust in me for another term in
the 114th Congress.
Facts
About the 114th Congress
Today marked the
swearing in of the most diverse Congress in history. It also marks the
largest Republican Majority in the House of Representatives since 1947.
Here is a breakdown:
Gender
80.6% -
Male
19.4% -
Female
Race
79.8% - White
10.1% - Black
7.8% -
Hispanic
2.3% - Asian
Party Breakdown
247 -
Republicans
188 - Democrats
Legislative Week
Ahead
TUESDAY, JANUARY
6TH
1) Hire More Heroes Act of
2015
WEDNESDAY, JANUARY 7TH AND THURSDAY, JANUARY
8TH
1) Terrorism Risk Insurance
Program Reauthorization Act of
2015
2) Promoting Job Creation and Reducing Small Business Burdens
Act
3) Low-Dose Radiation Research Act of
2015
4) National Windstorm Impact
Reduction Act Reauthorization of 2015
5)
Tsunami Warning, Education, and Research Act of
2015
Save American Workers Act of 2015 - Restoring the
40-hour work week in
America.
Keystone XL Pipeline Act - Authorizing the construction of
the Keystone XL
Pipeline.
Reading of the Constitution of the United States by Members of
the House of Representatives
Staff
Community Office Hours
My staff can assist you from 8:00 AM -
5:00 PM, Monday through Friday in my
Overland Park Office . They can help with any
issues or concerns, as well as to provide assistance with federal
agencies and programs, including Veterans' Affairs, Medicare, Social
Security, Passports, and Visas.
Also, we periodically have Staff
Community Office Hours throughout the district. If you are unable
to visit my office, please consider coming to the following locations
if it is more convenient for you:
3:30 - 5:00 PM on
January 21
West Wyandotte Library
1737 N.
82nd Street
Kansas City, Kansas 66112
11:30 AM
- 1:00 PM on February 27
Olathe Library
Indian
Creek Branch
12990 S. Black Bob Road
Olathe, Kansas
66062
Washington,
DC
215 Cannon HOB
Washington, DC 20515
Phone: (202)
225-2865
Hours: Monday-Friday
9:00AM -6:00PM EST
Overland Park
7325 W. 79th St.
Overland
Park, KS 66204
Phone: (913) 621-0832
Fax: (913)
621-1533
Hours: Monday-Friday
8:00AM -5:00PM CST
Unsubscribe
|
Update My
Profile
|
Privacy Policy
