
For Immediate Release
Contact: Jordan See
Tuesday January 6, 2015
(202) 225-5031
WASHINGTON, DC
U.S. Rep. Gregg Harper (RMiss.) took the Oath of Office to serve a fourth, two-year House term today when new and returning members were officially sworn in for the 114th Congress.
I continue to be humbled by the trust placed in me to represent our conservative values, said Harper, who resides in Pearl with his wife, Sidney, of 35 years and their two children, Livingston and Maggie. "Our team will continue to advocate for sound federal policies that will reduce overall spending and lead to a balanced budget."
Harper will continue to serve on the House Committee on Energy and Commerce, where he is a member of three subcommittees: Environment and the Economy; Commerce, Manufacturing and Trade; and Energy and Power. Harper was named as Vice Chairman of the Environment and the Economy Subcommittee.
The states senior House Republican will also return to the select Committee on House Administration. This panel manages the chambers daily functions, oversees federal elections, House security, and has many other oversight responsibilities on Capitol Hill.
A longtime advocate for American-made energy, Harper said that his policy priorities will continue to reflect this interest.
Empowering innovators and harnessing our domestic energy capabilities continue to help reduce our dependence on foreign oil and has begun to lower prices at the pump, declared Harper. Good-paying energy industry jobs will grow throughout Mississippis Third District if we advance ideas that stabilize fuel prices and build a steady supply of American energy.
The Third Congressional District seat stretches from Wilkinson County to Oktibbeha County and includes the northeast corner of Jackson and the I-20 corridor into east central Mississippi.
###
Gregg Harper is a fourth-term Republican lawmaker from Mississippi.
harper.house.gov | (202) 225-5031 | 307 Cannon HOB | Washington, DC 20515
Update My Profile
|
Unsubscribe
|
Privacy Policy
Click Here Click Here