
On January 24, 2015, U.S. Senator Martin Heinrich joined U.S. Secretary of the Interior Sally Jewell, U.S. Assistant Secretary of the Army for Installations, Energy and Environment Katherine Hammack, U.S. Congressman Ben Ray Luj&aacute;n, and senior Bureau of Land Management officials to announce the approval of the SunZia Southwest Transmission Line in New Mexico. The $2 billion infrastructure project will connect and deliver renewable power generated in New Mexico and Arizona to population centers across the southwest. The announcement was made at the National Solar Thermal Test Facility at Sandia National Laboratories.
January 28, 2015
Dear Fellow New Mexican,
Our state can and should be America's epicenter of the clean energy economy. New Mexico has the technology, ingenuity, and abundant wind and solar resources to unleash the full potential of our homegrown energy to create good, quality jobs.
That's exactly what a major infrastructure project that was approved on Saturday represents.
The SunZia Southwest Transmission Project will unlock New Mexico's stranded wind and solar resources and move that energy to market. The project has the potential to enable the addition of 3,000 megawatts of electric capacity, which would provide sustainable power for more than a million homes.
SunZia will also have tremendous impact on our state's economy. An economic study estimates that in New Mexico this project would generate $275 million in wages and salaries and $65 million in state and local taxes during construction.
Providing renewable power to the desert Southwest region, SunZia is expected to create 6,200 jobs during a four-year construction period to build the transmission lines and substations, and more than 36,700 jobs during a two-year construction period for renewable generation projects. An additional 600 permanent jobs are estimated to be created from transmission and generation operations.
I commend the tremendous work that all of the agencies involved in the review of SunZia have done to responsibly site this line and reach common ground along the way. I have followed this project closely and it has been deliberate, transparent, and comprehensive.
But this isn't just about SunZia. This is about New Mexico diversifying its economy and building a prosperous clean energy future.
I hope you'll
share your thoughts with me
on this and other issues that matter most to you and your family.
Be well, and please keep in touch.
Sincerely,
MARTIN HEINRICH
United States Senator
Follow me on Facebook and Twitter:
To unsubscribe from this mailing list,
click here .
To continue to receive updates,
click here .