
The House Followed Through; Top 11
Dear Friend,
You may recall that at the end of 2014, the House passed full appropriations measures for the federal government, but only funded the Department of Homeland Security until February 27, pledging to address President Obamas executive order that unlawfully changed our nations immigration policies when Senate leadership changed in January.
Last week
the
House followed through
on this by passing the FY15 Department of Homeland Security (DHS) Appropriations Act.
The bill defunded the Presidents executive order that unlawfully granted amnesty to nearly five million illegal immigrants.
In addition, the legislation directs more funding to securing the border.
President Obamas immigration actions and words have created an environment where many are led to believe that if
"you can get here, you can stay here."
That is why the legislation passed by the House last week was necessary.
It ensures that
no taxpayer dollars
will be used to enforce President Obamas immigration executive action, and reinforces the United States policy that
illegal
immigration will not be rewarded with amnesty.
Read more about the DHS Appropriations Act
here .
PLEASE NOTE
We're excited to announce that our Eastern Shore office is moving next month.
But we promise - our service will not be affected!
Check back on
rigell.house.gov
or read future Rigell Reports for more information as it becomes available.
A Look Back
2014 is in the books, and we wanted to share a list of 11 ways we worked for YOU last year.
1. Moved Virginia coastal energy forward.
The House passed H.R. 2, the American Energy Solutions for Lower Costs and More American Jobs Act, a comprehensive energy plan to create jobs across our country, energize the economy, and reduce Americas dangerous reliance on foreign oil. The bill featured Congressman Rigells language to pave the way for developing Virginia's coastal energy, which could create 25,000 new jobs in Virginia alone.
Last year Rigell also joined Senators Warner and Kaine and Congressmen Forbes and Wittman in writing an
op-ed about the potential of coastal energy for the
Virginian-Pilot .
In 2015 Congressman Rigell plans to continue pursuing Virginia Coastal Energy (more on that in future Rigell Reports).
2. Objected to the President crossing constitutional boundaries .
In an op-ed for the Virginian-Pilot, Rigell wrote: No president is a king, and that includes President Obama. Though the Constitution vests authority to the executive branch, that authority is wisely constrained by checks from the other branches of government.
Read the full op-ed
here .
3. Led a bipartisan charge against the Administrations unlawful exchange of five senior Taliban leaders .
The House passed Congressman Rigells legislation (H. Res. 644) expressing grave concern over the prisoner exchange's national security and foreign policy implications, noting that negotiations with terrorists may further encourage hostilities and the abduction of Americans.
4. Introduced bipartisan legislation to encourage young American girls to become interested in the science, technology, engineering, and math (STEM) fields.
Learn more about the Advancing Girls in STEM Act
here .
5. Worked to fix a broken VA system
including long-term reform coupled with short-term solutions to provide better care for veterans, such as letting vets see private doctors.
Read more about The Veterans Access to Care through Choice, Accountability, and Transparency Act of 2014
here .
6. Worked to restore the Bay.
Last year we hosted the second annual State of the Bay Discussion to advance community restoration efforts.
7 .
Fought to get our friends and neighbors hired!
Last year our office hosted our second annual job fair with 100+ employers and thousands of job seekers.
Stay tuned for news about the 2015 job fair this fall!
8. Shed light on the growing threat of human trafficking in our region and across America by hosting a roundtable with law enforcement and anti-trafficking advocates.
Rigell also cosponsored H.R. 5135, the Human Trafficking Prevention, Intervention, and Recovery Act, legislation that was passed by House of Representatives.
It provides additional resources for trafficking survivors and offers more tools to apprehend traffickers.
9. Established a new tradition in VA-02 - by hosting a Womens Symposium for local business leaders and women entrepreneurs.
10. Supported the Vietnam Veterans in our community by hosting a Commemoration Ceremony for the 50th Anniversary of the Vietnam War, including keynote remarks by renowned author Joe Galloway, a resource fair for local veterans, and a tribute to those who did not return from service.
11. Continued the fight to change Congress
including introducing legislation requiring ALL members of Congress to receive ethics training.
A version of this legislation was included in the rules package for the 114th Congress.
This year Congressman Rigell also continued his tradition of donating 15% of his salary to pay down the debt, running his office at 2008 budget levels, declining all federal retirement and health benefits, and upholding his pledge not to meet with lobbyists who used to serve in Congress.
BONUS: Here's another achievement we're proud of:
Since Republicans took control of the House in Congressman Rigell's first term, they've reduced annual discretionary spending by more than $300 billion.
#progress
Helpful Resources
There are some important fiscal markers coming up in 2015.
Check out this infographic from the Campaign to Fix the Debt.
Watch live floor proceedings in the House of Representatives (when in session)
Find out what happened on the House floor
Find out what's coming up in the House of Representatives
J2015 House Legislative Calendar (114th Congress, First Session)
WEBSITE
|
UNSUBSCRIBE
|
CONTACT
Click Here Click Here