
Friday, February 6, 2015
WEBSITE
|
FORWARD TO A FRIEND
| SHARE ON:
Foxx Report
This week the House passed my bipartisan legislation to shed light on how federal policies impact the budgets of state and local governments and private sector employers.
H.R. 50, the Unfunded Mandates Information and Transparency Act, would increase transparency about the costs imposed by unfunded mandates and would hold the federal government accountable for considering those costs before passing them on to local governments and small businesses. The legislation would expand the scope of the Unfunded Mandates Reform Act of 1995 (UMRA), which was passed to ensure public awareness of the financial burden federal mandates place on employers and state and local governments. Current loopholes within UMRA allow certain regulatory bodies to escape public reporting requirements and incentivize others to forego publicizing regulatory proposals. My legislation would correct this.
Americans are better served when regulators are required to measure and consider the costs of the rules they create. The Unfunded Mandates Information and Transparency Act is simply about making government work better for the American people by requiring openness and honesty from Washington. Transparency and accountability are not partisan issues. Its my hope that the bipartisan manner in which this legislation passed the House will pave the way for swift consideration and passage in the Senate.
Repealing Obamacare
On Tuesday I voted in favor of legislation to repeal Obamacare in its entirety. The simple truth is that the presidents government takeover of our health care system has increased barriers to care, and North Carolinians are seeing some of the highest increases in insurance premiums as a direct result of Obamacare.
Republicans also released a plan to replace Obamacare with common-sense, patient-focused reforms that will decrease health care costs and increase access to affordable, first-rate care. In contrast with Obamacares government mandates, this proposal lets the American people make the health care choices that are right for their families.
Obamacare is causing real harm to our citizens and to our economy, and I will continue to support repealing this ill-conceived law and replacing it with policies that empower patients and promote access to affordable health care options.
Presidents FY 2016 Budget Request
One of the concerns I often hear from folks in North Carolina is that the federal government spends too much. Many worry that our ballooning national debt threatens economic stability and jeopardizes the American dream for their families.
President Obamas budget proposal, which was released this week, disregards those concerns and delays dealing with them, ignoring our crushing debt burden. His budget is more of the same ineffective policies weve seen in the past: more taxes, more spending and more debt. These are outdated, Washington-centered ideas that dont work.
As American families face financial challenges and work to balance their checkbooks, the federal government should be doing the same. Unfortunately, President Obamas budget never balances and federal spending has continued to grow at an unsustainable rate.
Washington owes the American people a responsible budget that reins in federal spending, not more one-size-fits-all federal dictates. That is why I am committed to passing a budget that cuts spending, balances the budget, reforms our complicated tax code to be fairer and simpler without raising taxes and removes many of the unnecessary onerous federal regulations that tie the hands of employers.
Whats Coming Up
Next week the House will consider the Senate-passed legislation to approve the Keystone XL pipeline and send it to the presidents desk. The House will also consider several tax bills to make tax relief for charitable contributions and small business expensing of new investments permanent.
Sincerely,
NOTE: Please DO NOT respond to this email as this inbox is unattended. To contact my office please
click here
SIGN UP TO RECEIVE REGULAR UPDATES
|
PRIVACY POLICY
|
CONTACT US
Click Here Click Here