
Responding To The State Of The Union
Our country faces two very serious concerns: an underperforming economy, and a growing Islamic terrorist threat around the world. I was disappointed that President Obama did not speak more forcefully about these issues during his State of the Union address.
In spite of my disappointment, I will continue trying to find common ground with President Obama and advance common sense policies that will create jobs and improve the lives of Pennsylvanians. I would be glad to work with him on fixing our broken and unfair tax code, as well as stopping cyber threats that endanger our national security, privacy, and economy. The people of Pennsylvania want us to work together, and I am willing to do that if President Obama decides he wants to join us in tackling the serious challenges of our time.
You can watch my full response to President Obama's address
here .
A Local Guest
Each member of Congress is encouraged to bring a guest to the State of the Union address. This year, I invited Erie Mayor Joe Sinnott.
Over the last few years, Mayor Sinnott and I have developed a great working relationship. During his visit, we discussed some of the things we are working on for the people of Erie and the rest of Pennsylvania. Following our discussion and a brief tour of my Washington office, we had dinner and attended the President's address.
CBS in Erie covered our visit; you can watch that segment
here . You can also see more photos from that evening
here .
Standing Up For Pennsylvania Workers
I am fighting to protect workers and paychecks from the harmful impacts of Obamacare. That is why I am joining my colleagues Sens. Susan Collins (R-Maine) and Joe Donnelly (D-Ind.) in a bipartisan effort to change the definition of a "full-time employee" established under Obamacare to someone who works at least 40 hours per week.
Obamacare currently defines a "full-time employee" as someone who works at least 30 hours per week. This employer mandate is ill-conceived, unworkable, and hurting families in Pennsylvania. As I travel across Pennsylvania, I speak with countless business owners who say they have made the difficult decision to cut hours and paychecks due to this mandate.
I am pleased to support this bipartisan bill because Washington should not be undermining the 40-hour work week with more red tape. You can read more about my efforts
here .
Pennsylvania Proud
On Saturday, my family went to the Pennsylvania Farm Show in Harrisburg. This has become a yearly tradition and it is a great way for me to speak with proud Pennsylvanians showcasing their products and animals.
I visited with the Pennsylvania State Police, who work to keep us safe each and every day, students from Delaware Valley College who actually slept at the farm show all week, and I watched an informative demonstration hosted by the Pennsylvania State Beekeepers Association on how to make honey!
The photo above is of me, my wife Kris, my son Duncan (who was preoccupied with the impressive butter sculpture), and Pennsylvania Secretary of Agriculture George Greig. You can see more photos from our visit
here .
#PatsFacts
Bloomsburg is the only incorporated "town" in Pennsylvania - the result of a special act passed by the Pennsylvania General Assembly in 1870.
Be sure to stay up to date on #PatsFacts and my work in Pennsylvania and Washington by following me on
Facebook
and
Twitter !
ALLENTOWN, PA
PH: (610) 434-1444
ERIE, PA
PH: (814) 453-3010
HARRISBURG, PA
PH: (717) 782-3951
JOHNSTOWN, PA
PH: (814) 266-5970
PHILADELPHIA, PA
PH: (215) 241-1090
PITTSBURGH, PA
PH: (412) 803-3501
SCRANTON, PA
PH: (570) 941-3540
WASHINGTON, D.C.
PH: (202) 224-4254
UNSUBSCRIBE
