
If you are having
trouble viewing this message or would like to share it on a social network,
you can
view the message
online .
About Lynn
|
Constituent Services
|
Issues
|
Media
Center
|
Legislative Center
|
Georgia's Third District
|
Contact Me
January 25, 2015
President Out of Touch with the
People's Priorities
On
Tuesday night, President Obama addressed both chambers of Congress and
gave his sixth State of the Union. In his speech, the president
proposed a tax-hike on investments, which is expected to bring in $320
billion in new tax revenue over 10
years.
Once again, the president has shown he is out of touch with the
priorities of the American people. The people spoke in November to have
their conservative voices heard and they want to keep the progress on
the economy moving forward. The presidents tax-increase proposal is
the most effective way to kill that
progress.
I have said it time and time again: our country
does not have a revenue problem, we have a spending problem. We want jobs
and stability, and the middle class is the one that would benefit
from jobs bills and tax cuts- not tax increases. Raising taxes to bring
in $320 billion does nothing to cut spending and addressing our
nations 18 trillion dollar debt. When theres a leak in the dam, you plug
the hole and fix it- you dont add more water. Its another example of
the presidents agenda of top-down economics that never actually fixes
the problem.
If President Obama
wants to truly help middle class America, he will work with the
Republican Congress to pass jobs bills, stabilize our economy, and simplify
our tax code. Adding more taxes onto any American just grows the size
of our government, and we need less government, not more. Solutions
like passing a flat or FairTax and abolishing the IRS are bigger and
better steps towards putting the priorities of the American people
first.
President Obama also highlighted
his foreign policy achievements and work on cybersecurity during the
State of the Union
address.
Putting American priorities first also means defending our nation from the
threats we face abroad and maintaining the important relationships we
have with our allies.President Obamas weak foreign policy over the
last seven years has crippled our international standing as a leader.
The Obama administration failed to show support for our allies last
week by not sending a top official to France after their terror attack.
ISIS and al Qaeda have infiltrated Iraq and are heavily recruiting
terrorists to murder the innocent. Russia annexed Crimea and invaded
Ukraine, with no strong response from our president. There is no
credibility for the president to claim success in these blatant diplomatic and
international failures.
Our
national security and standing in the world needs to be a priority as
we face some of the most brutal and dangerous terrorists in the world.
A new battlefield we are fighting is cyberterrorism. We face the
threat of terrorists hacking into our large companies and government
agencies, and a cyber-attack could be our next Pearl Harbor. Strengthening
our cybersecurity while protecting civil liberties needs to remain a
crucial role in protecting our nation. Through working with our allies
and using force against our enemies, President Obama needs to show
that we will not waiver in protecting our homeland and our interests
abroad.
Weve heard the same song and
dance in the last six State of the Union addresses and are tired of
President Obamas political speeches. Now is the time for the president
to listen to Americans, work with Congress to find solutions, and
make the peoples priorities his priorities.
Share on Facebook
Share on Twitter
Capitol
Corner: US Must Show Strength In the Face of
Terrorism
On January 7th, Islamic extremists attacked a
satirical newspaper office in Paris, France, resulting in the deaths of 10
newspaper staff and two police officers, and ending in a man hunt for
those responsible. In the United States, we pride ourselves on
allowing free speech - the exact thing the staff of Charlie Hedbo were
gunned down for. It wasnt just an attack on France, or even on Europe. It
was an attack on all of us who value free speech and defend that right
every day.
It was a
somber moment for people across the globe to realize that terrorism is
not limited to the Middle East, but that it is truly a global issue.
Terrorism hits hard for Americans, as we have seen it in our homeland
too many times: notably the attacks on 9/11 and the Boston Marathon
bombing. But just as Americans have felt the wrath of terrorism, we have
also experienced the outpour of international support following. Just
as our international allies helped the US, they also opened their arms
to the French. As world leaders locked arms and walked together in
unity in Paris on January 11, one nation was notably missing a leader:
the United States of
America.
There is no doubt in my mind that the United States should have sent a
top official to march in support with France. The White House
acknowledged this error, but in typical Obama Administration fashion: excuse
after excuse was used and it was too little, too late. Having our
nations Secretary of State or Attorney General at the rally would have
helped send a strong message to ISIL terrorists that we will fight global
terrorism together. Strength and unity with our international allies
is one the only way to combat
terrorists.
This week, the House of Representatives will offer
that support by passing a measure condemning the recent terrorist
attacks in Paris that resulted in the deaths of seventeen innocent
persons, and offering condolences to those personally affected by this
cowardly act. We must show them that we will not back down, and terrorism
will never prevail.
Share on
Facebook
Share on Twitter
Join the Conversation
Tell a
Friend
E-mail:
In
Other News
Westmoreland: No Taxpayer Funding for
Abortion
Today, the U.S. House of Representatives passed H.R. 7, the No
Taxpayer Funding for Abortion and Abortion Insurance Full Disclosure Act of
2015. H.R. 7 prohibits tax credits and subsidies under ObamaCare from
being used to purchase health plans that cover abortion except in
cases related to rape, incest, or preserving the life of the
mother...
The Hill: GOP: Abortion bill will be
back
House Republican leaders say they are committed
to bringing back a controversial abortion bill that was abruptly pulled
from floor consideration late Wednesday I want to save as many
babies as we can.
If we can save 100 percent of them, thats good, Rep.
Lynn Westmoreland (R-Ga.) told The Hill. This is about a baby thats
20 weeks old
this is not about something that was done last night.
Atlanta Journal-Constitution: WSB/Landmark poll:
Income tax offset could reduce opposition to gas tax
hike
Earlier this month, an AJC poll found that nearly 60
percent of Georgians believe improving transportation is important, and
nearly 70 percent support new bus and rail
lines..
Forbes:
Obama's 529 College Savings Plan Tax Hike Is An Assault On The American
Dream
Its pretty clear that the Obama
White House and their allies on The Left just dont get it when it comes
to their proposed tax hike on 529 college savings
plans
The Hill: The new war over Wall
Street
President Obama and congressional
Republicans are on a collision course over Wall Street regulations.
Republicans are eyeing a host of changes and revisions to the Dodd-Frank
financial reform law after racking up a string of victories on that front
in recent
weeks
The New York Times: Boehner Invites
Another Response to State of Union, From Israels
Premier
The long-running debate over President Obamas foreign policy
centered Wednesday on a speech to Congress
not the one the
president just delivered, but one that Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu of
Israel will give in three
weeks
WASHINGTON, DC
OFFICE 2433 Rayburn House Office Bldg Washington,
DC 20515 Phone (202) 225-5901 Fax (202) 225-2515
THIRD DISTRICT OFFICE
1601-B East Highway 34 Newnan, Georgia
30265 Phone (770) 683-2033 Fax (770) 683-2042
Unsubscribe
|
Update My Profile
|
Privacy
Policy
