
Have we met? I&rsquo;m Senator Jon Tester. As the new chair of the DSCC, I need your input to make sure we&rsquo;re prioritizing the issues most important to you. Will you take our very short survey?
Friend -- Have we met?
I&rsquo;m Senator Jon Tester. As the new chair of the DSCC, I need your input to make sure we&rsquo;re prioritizing the issues most important to you.
Will you take our very short survey?
More than 46,000 Democrats have already weighed in. Will you join them and tell us which issues YOU prioritize in 2015 and 2016?
27% of Democrats who took our survey told us that preserving Social Security and Medicare is their most important issue. 20% said it&rsquo;s campaign finance reform.
What do you think?
More than half of Democrats told us Elizabeth Warren is their most inspirational Senator.
Do you agree?
Tell us what you think! Help us get input from 50,000 Democrats by midnight!
Democratic supporters like you are the driving force behind our work -- so we want to know what you think! Your responses will shape our efforts in 2015 and 2016 to support Democratic candidates across the country and win back the Senate.
Thanks for your help!
Senator Jon Tester
DSCC Chair
P.S. We could really use your help today so we can immediately start work on Democratic priorities for 2015-2016.
Will you renew your DSCC membership for 2015?
Democratic Senatorial Campaign Committee
P.O. Box 96047
Washington, DC 20090
Paid for by the Democratic Senatorial Campaign Committee, dscc.org,
and not authorized by any candidate or candidate&#39;s committee.
The DSCC is the only organization solely dedicated to supporting Democrats in the U.S. Senate. This message was sent to dj724530@gmail.com because you are a part of the DSCC&rsquo;s grassroots network. Please add us to your address book or approved senders list to make sure you keep receiving DSCC updates.
Emails are a critical way for us to stay in touch with our grassroots supporters. 99% of the DSCC&rsquo;s contributions come from grassroots donors giving less than $200. We also strive to keep you updated on issues related to the Democratic Party&rsquo;s values.
If you&rsquo;d like to stop receiving emails related to this campaign, please
click here .
If you&#39;d like to make a contribution to support us, please
click here . We are already beginning to prepare for the fight ahead &ndash; reclaiming the majority in 2016. It will take every single grassroots supporter, but we know it&rsquo;s possible with your help. If you&rsquo;d like to stop receiving all emails from the DSCC, please
unsubscribe . We greatly appreciate your continued support.
Contributions or gifts to the DSCC are not tax deductible.
