
District Update | January 17, 2015
Click here if you have trouble viewing this email
Friends,
On Wednesday, I voted for the Department of Homeland Security Appropriations Act, which secures our homeland and upholds the Constitution. First and foremost, this appropriations bill provides for our national security. It includes funding for the largest border patrol force in history, increases resources for the prevention of cyber-attacks and ensures a strong Coast Guard. Second,
this legislation denies any funds whatsoever from being used to carry out the president's unconstitutional actions.
The president, however, is already threatening to veto this legislation because it prevents him from implementing his political and unconstitutional actions. Make no mistake: a veto threat is a threat to our national security. But before this bill reaches the presidents desk, the new Senate Republican Majority must act. I urged my colleagues in the Senate to stand strong and act swiftly on this critical legislation.
Promoting Job Creation
Unnecessary regulations and burdensome red tape are holding down small businesses, preventing them from expanding their operations and hiring more workers. Thats why I voted for the Promoting Job Creation and Reducing Small Business Burdens Act on Wednesday, which eliminates unnecessary regulations that are hurting businesses. Its time to get Washington out of the way, so small businesses can flourish and create jobs.
Serving You
Last week, I learned that I was selected to serve on the House Committee on Appropriations Subcommittee on Defense and Subcommittee on Financial Services and General Government. In addition to these subcommittee assignments, I was selected in November to serve as chairman of the Subcommittee on the Legislative Branch for the 114th Congress.
These subcommittee assignments will allow me to serve you even more effectively. With eight major military installations in Georgia, its critical for our state to have representation on the Defense Subcommittee. And with the broad influence of the Financial Services Subcommittee, Ill have the opportunity to help shape important funding legislation from a conservative viewpoint.
Above all, I will work to ensure the Committee continues putting taxpayers first by finding savings and holding government agencies accountable for every dollar that is spent.
Freedom first,
Republicans blast Obama veto threat after border bill passes House
Rep. Tom Graves, R-Ga., said that while H.R. 240 prohibits funds from being used to fund what he called "unconstitutional actions," it fully funds other parts of the Department of Homeland Security...Graves said that Obama has threatened to veto the legislation, a veto which Graves sees as "a threat to our national security."
A maiden speech for four freshmen
Graves told me after his floor speech that he had helped his four new colleagues figure out some of the basics
how to phrase their first big floor speech, what to say, and also what not to say.
Then Graves went to the Rules Committee helped arrange 90 seconds of time for each of them during the debate on the rule for the bill, so they could speak one after the other on the Republican side.
Rep. Tom Graves Votes to Fund DHS, Defund Obama Amnesty
Rep. Tom Graves to Serve on Appropriations Subcommittees for Defense, Financial Services
DALTON, GA OFFICE
702 South Thornton Ave
Dalton, GA 30720
T (706) 226-5320
F (706) 278-0840
ROME, GA OFFICE
600 E. First Street, Suite 301
Rome, GA 30161
T (706) 290-1776
F (706) 232-7864
WASHINGTON, DC OFFICE
2442 Rayburn House Office Bldg.
Washington, D.C. 20515
T (202) 225-5211
F (202) 225-8271
UPDATE SUBSCRIPTION OPTIONS
|
PRIVACY POLICY
|
CONTACT US
Click Here Click Here