
If you are having
trouble viewing this message or would like to share it on a social
network, you can
view the
message online .
About
Contact
Services
Media Center
Legislation
Issues
Resources
January 04, 2015
Friends,
First off, I want to wish you and your loved ones a very
Happy New Year!
I always look forward with optimism to the
possibilities and opportunities a new year brings. The new year is
like a blank canvas - a fresh start and a chance to plan resolutions,
set goals and make changes. There is no doubt that 2015 has brought big
change to Washington. In November, you demanded change in the way our
government operates and voted for new leadership and a Republican
majority in both the U.S. Senate and the House of Representatives.
I am humbled you have given my colleagues and me the opportunity to
govern
and I vow that we will step up to the plate and lead
responsibly, making your priorities our priorities.
I will return to Washington
and officially be sworn in as your Representative for the 114th
Congress on
January
6 . While this is my second term serving our community, I am
even more eager to begin this journey.
Im excited for the
tremendous opportunity ahead of us
an opportunity to pursue a
conservative agenda that will promote job creation and truly change the
direction of our country.
In a matter of days, the Republican-controlled
Congress will begin taking action to stop the Presidents illegal executive
amnesty and pursue policies that get our country on a stronger fiscal
footing and restore the American dream.
We will pass
legislation to defend the 40-hour work week, approve construction of the
Keystone XL pipeline and prevent Obamacares employer mandate from
threatening veterans jobs.
This critical, pro-jobs legislation sat
stuck in the Senate for the last two years, but now we will put it on
President Obamas desk and force him to choose between two different
paths.
I can only hope that he will begin this new year on the
right foot and work with Congress
within the framework of the
Constitution
and not continue to try to go it alone.
In addition to these
goals, I remain committed to my broader ambition to fundamentally change
how our federal government spends our tax dollars. My plan, the
Federal Sunset Act, gets rid of unnecessary and duplicative programs by
setting an expiration date for each federal agency. This plan would force
Congress to do its Constitutionally-mandated oversight of federal
agencies. It would also change the entire inertia of Washington: instead
of every government program continuing into perpetuity unless Congress
specifically cuts it, every government program would now end at some
point unless Congress specifically saves it.
With a federal
government that now spends more than $3.5 trillion of our money every
year, we have to think of new ways to get rid of the waste, fraud and
abuse found in our bloated federal bureaucracy.
While the economy and jobs
are at the forefront of our agenda, we also recognize the need to
halt the harmful effects of Obamacare. On top of creating a part-time
economy by eliminating the 40 hour work week, Obamacare is forcing
hard-working Americans to deal with rising health care costs, restricted
access and canceled insurance plans.
We can do better, and this
year I will continue to fight to replace Obamacare with reforms that
return freedom, choice and control back to you and your
family.
As we begin the new year and the 114th Congress, it's important that I
continue to hear directly from our community.
Bureaucrats in
Washington don't care about the same things you and I do, but you can
trust me to fight for our shared priorities and the principles we hold
dear.
I deeply value your input and feedback, and I will
continue to listen to your concerns and work as hard as I can to represent
our like-minded values. Please continue to call, write letters and
email me at
Hudson.house.gov .
Until next
week,
Richard
Hudson
Member of Congress
(NC-08)
Concord Office
325 McGill
Ave, NW
Suite 500
Concord, NC
28027
Phone: (704) 7861612
Rockingham Office
1015
Fayetteville Rd
Rockingham, NC 28379
Phone: (910) 9972070
Washington D.C. Office
429 Cannon HOB
Washington, DC 20515
Phone: (202) 2253715
Unsubscribe
|
Update My Profile
|
Privacy Policy
