
RAND'S NEWSLETTER UPDATE
JANUARY 23, 2015
Please allow me to update you on this week's happenings in Washington, D.C.
Dr. Rand Paul Responds to President Obama's Address to the Nation
I've only been in office a short time, but one thing I've discovered is that there is no monopoly on knowledge in Washington. President Obama confirmed this discovery during his State of the Union Address this week.
Not only do we need new thinking in Washington, we also need a new way of thinking. As a physician, I was taught first to do no harm, to think before you act, and to analyze the unintended consequences.
I think America would be better off if all our politicians took that same approach.
Click
HERE
or below to watch my response, and
HERE
to read my entire speech.
Dr. Rand Paul Statement on the Passing of Wendell Ford
I wish to extend my sincerest condolences to the Ford family. Wendell
Ford loved Kentucky deeply. He served the Commonwealth and its people
for decades with honor and purpose. I am honored to sit behind the same
desk and serve in the same seat as Sen. Ford, a man so dedicated to his
party, our state and this country.
Click
HERE
to read my entire statement.
Dr. Rand Paul Speaks at the Kentucky Right to Life Congressional Breakfast
On Thursday, I had the opportunity to speak at the Annual Kentucky Right to Life Congressional Breakfast. I attended the breakfast alongside other memebers of the Kentucky delegation, Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell and Representatives Thomas Massie, Andy Barr, and Brett Guthrie.
It is the government's duty to protect life, liberty, and property, but most importantly, a government must protect life. I will never give up fighting for the lives of our unborn children.
(Dr. Rand Paul Speaking at the Kentucky Right to Life Breakfast - January 22, 2014)
Dr. Rand Paul Meets Archbishop Joseph Kurtz of Louisville
Also this week, I had the pleasure of meeting with Archbishop Joseph Kurtz visiting from Louisville, Kentucky. During the meeting, we discussed the importance of preserving religious freedom.
(Dr. Rand Paul and Archbishop Kurtz Archbishop - January 13, 2014)
Dr. Rand Paul and Rep. Young Introduce REINS Act
On Thursday, Rep. Todd Young (R-IN) and I, along with 31 Senate co-sponsors, reintroduced the Regulations from the Executive in Needs of Scrutiny (REINS) Act on Wednesday. The REINS Act would require any executive branch rule or regulation with an annual economic impact of $100 million or more-designated by the White House's Office of Management and Budget (OMB) as a "major rule"-to come before Congress for an up-or-down vote before being enacted.
If the Obama Administration wants to impose regulations that effectively operate as laws on U.S. citizens, it is important that those citizens are made aware of how the laws come to be. Cutting red tape and opening the regulatory process to scrutiny is an important first step in holding government accountable.
Click
HERE
to read my statement in its entirety.
Dr. Rand Paul Meets with Kentucky Students from the Christian Student Leadership Conference
On Thursday, I had the pleasure of meeting with Kentucky students from the Christian Student Leadership Conference. We are honored to have you representing the Commonwealth of Kentucky in our nation's capital.
(Dr. Rand Paul and Kentucky Christian Student Leadership Representatives - January 22, 2014)
Dr. Rand Paul Meets with Owensboro Catholic Middle School Students
On Friday, I had the opportunity to meet with students from Owensboro Catholic Middle School. These students were in town to attend the Annual March for Life. Thank you for marching to protect the sanctity of life.
(Dr. Rand Paul and Owensboro Catholic School Students - January 13, 2014)
Media Wrap-Up
This week, I appeared on Fox's
On the Record with Martha MacCullum
and
The Kelly File . I spoke with several radio stations across the country, as well as stations in Kentucky.
Have An Issue Or Concern?
If you are a Kentucky resident and need assistance with a federal agency or concern, feel free to contact the Bowling Green office (270-782-8303) to have a discussion with the appropriate staff member.
Stay in Touch with Sen. Paul's Social Media
You can find updates on what I'm doing by visiting my Senate website,
www.paul.senate.gov
and you can follow my official Google+ account
HERE . You can also subscribe to my YouTube channel
HERE . Don't forget to become a fan of my
official Facebook page
for other timely updates.
Warm Regards,
To unsubscribe from Rand's newsletter, please visit the
unsubscribe page
