
If you are having trouble viewing this message or would like to share
it on a social network, you can
view the message online .
Website
About David
Contact
Serving
You
Media
Center
Legislative Work
District
January 30, 2015
Restoring Postal Service
Standards
On July 1, 2012 the United States Postal
Service (USPS) initiated an aggressive plan to cut costs by closing
rural post offices, mail processing facilities, and reducing First
Class Mail delivery. This has had a disproportionate impact on businesses
and families in rural areas. That is why I introduced a bipartisan
resolution
(H.Res.54)
calling for an end to the
postal slowdown and a return to prior service standards.
Weve heard from hundreds of West Virginians
newspapers, businesses, and individual postal customers negatively impacted by
these delivery changes.
By restoring prompt and reliable service,
we can rebuild trust in the postal service and give rural Americans
peace of mind.
The fall 2013 closure of the USPS Mail
Processing Facility in Bridgeport, WV has required mail to be shipped
to Pittsburgh or Charleston for processing, resulting in delays,
increased costs, and unreliable service. This month, USPS announced it
would end overnight delivery of First Class Mail in a further efforts to
cut costs.
This postal slowdown is
causing real harm across West Virginia as credit card bills are delayed,
consumers cancel unreliable newspapers, and timely medicine deliveries
are threatened.
The Post Office should reconsider these changes and
work with Congress to develop an alternative
model.
Protecting our Federal Corrections
Workers
This week I introduced legislation, along with my
colleagues Rep. Tom Marino (PA-10), and Rep. Matt Cartwright (PA-17),
that will protect Federal Corrections workers by
allowing them to carry pepper spray.
The bill is named after Eric
Williams, a Federal Corrections Officer in Pennsylvania who was brutally
killed by an inmate in 2013.
Any worker who enters his or
her workplace should feel safe every day. However, thats not the case
with federal corrections workers who often have no line of defense
during conflicts inside prison walls.
We listened to horrific
stories about violence against guards from constituents who work in our
federal prisons and decided to take action. Their job is dangerous
and stressful. This proposal will help give correctional officers and
their families some peace of mind.
The
legislation would make permanent a Federal Bureau of Prisons pilot program
that allows correctional workers to carry pepper spray.
In
addition, it will expand the pepper spray availability to medium and higher
security facilities and require Federal Correctional workers to
complete training courses before carrying and using the
spray.
The bill is supported by the National Association of Police
Organizations, the Council of Local Prisons, and the Federal Law Enforcement
Officers Association, and was found by the Congressional Budget Office to
have no cost to the taxpayers. Similar legislation was introduced in
the 113 th
Congress.
Working to End Human Trafficking
Building on
the bipartisan work started in the last Congress, the House acted to
pass 6 bills to tackle human trafficking, prostitution and sex slavery
this week.
Every year, thousands of men, women and children fall
into the hands of traffickers and, according to the House Judiciary
Committee,
over 300,000 American youth are at risk of
becoming victims of sex trafficking.
As a father and a
husband these votes were especially significant for me.
We need
to remain ready to support any effort that combats this despicable
practice and brings those who take part in it to justice.
Over the
past few years, the House has made it a priority to address human
trafficking.
Many of the bills passed this week were passed by the
House in 2014, but never considered in the Senate.
The new Senate
should consider these bills as soon as possible and get them to
President Obamas desk.
A Close Win
Over TCU
This past Saturday my family and I
were fortunate to watch an exciting game between the Mountaineers and
TCU. Both teams traded the lead and brought the game into overtime, but
the young freshman Jevon Carter was able to seal a Mountaineers win
with his free-throws in the closing seconds. The 86-85 victory was a
solid conference win for our Mountaineers, who are now ranked #2.
WVU
basketball is in the midst of a great 2014-2015 season. Bob Huggins and
his boys, after a win over KSU, look set to knock Kansas out of their
top spot in the Big 12. I look forward to another great game as WVU
faces off against Texas Tech tomorrow at the Coliseum. Lets go
Mountaineers!
Planning a Trip to
Washington?
Visiting Washington is an exciting and
educational experience. My door is always open, so please doesnt
hesitate to stop by my office. In addition,
my staff
can serve as a resource to you in booking tours for your
trip.
If you want an appointment just give my office a
call at 202-225-4172, or submit a request on my website at
www.mckinley.house.gov .
What do you
think? Who do you
think will win the Super Bowl? Seattle Seahawks New England Patriots Don't Know/Other *By answering this survey, you are
subscribing to my newsletter. If you are having trouble, click
here. Share on Facebook Share on
Twitter Survey Results Do you think Congress
or the President should be in charge of immigration reform? Answer Total Congress 83.36% President 10.87% Other/Don't Know
5.77%
Washington, DC
412
Cannon HOB |
Washington, DC 20515
Phone:
(202) 225-4172 |
Fax: (202) 225-7564
Morgantown
709
Beechurst Ave.
Suite 29
Morgantown, WV 26505
Phone:
304.284.8506
Fax: 304-284-8505
Wheeling
Horne Building
1100 Main Street, Suite 101
Wheeling, WV 26003
Phone: (304)
232-3801
Fax: 304-232-3813
Parkersburg
Federal Building
425
Juliana Street Suite 1004
Parkersburg,
WV 26101
Phone: (304) 422-5972
Fax: 304-422-5974
Unsubscribe
|
Update My Profile
|
Privacy Policy
gateway mail end
