DOCTYPE html
December 21, 2014
Congressman McHenry Weekly Update
Helping Folks Across the 10th District
My primary job in Congress is serving you and your neighbors throughout the 10th District.
From my first day in office, that has been my number one concern.
Whether it's helping a veteran receive benefits from the VA, assisting a family with a Social Security claim, or providing a Capitol tour to a local middle school, there are numerous ways we can help you.
As the 113th Congress comes to a close at the end of this year, my staff put together the graphic below to highlight our efforts to help you, both in Washington and Western North Carolina.
With the new year fast approaching, I look forward to another great year serving you.
Please do not hesitate to
contact my office
if we can ever be of assistance.
Click
here for a full list of services
my office provides.
Recreating Nativity Scene in Gaston County
Over the weekend, I was troubled to learn that the nativity scene at the historic Courthouse Square in downtown Dallas had been removed.
As a Gaston County native, I have grown up accustomed to seeing Dallas' nativity scene every Christmas season, as has been the case for each of the last 40 years.
The removal of the nativity scene drew national attention, attracting coverage from Fox News, a clip of which you can see by clicking the image below, and other media outlets.
Fortunately, a number of our neighbors in Gaston County
gathered together
and
created a real-life nativity scene at Courthouse Square .
I commend these citizens for coming together to celebrate their faith, honor their religion, and show what Christmas is all about.
Three State Champions From the 10th District
Last Saturday marked the end of North Carolina's 2014 high school football season as state championship games were played at NC State and Wake Forest.
The 10th District was well represented with three teams competing for championships, all of which emerged victorious.
The winners included Boiling Springs' Crest High School who
won the state 3A championship in Raleigh .
The Chargers win completed an undefeated season and offered redemption after losing in the title game last year.
Also winning a state championship was the Shelby High School Golden Lions who won
their second consecutive 2A state championship .
Finally there was Denver's East Lincoln High School Mustangs who also completed an undefeated season en
route to winning the state 2AA football championship .
Congratulations to all three teams on great seasons!
Enjoy photos from the school's victory celebrations below courtesy of the program's Twitter feeds.
(Shelby Golden Lions celebrate state 2A championship)
(East Lincoln Mustangs celebrate state 2AA championship)
What I Have Been Reading
Crazy enough to run into burning buildings -- for 50 years
The Gaston Gazette
Great story on Dallas' Gene Jones who dedicated 50 years of his life to serving the Gaston County area as a member of the Dallas Volunteer Fire Department.
Mr. Jones joined the department in 1964, one year after it started and has been followed on to the force by his son David who currently serves as a Captain.
I was honored to partake in Dallas' ceremony to honor Mr. Jones' service by having a flag flown above the Capitol in his honor.
UNC Asheville singers to perform at White House
The Asheville Citizen Times
For the past eight years, the UNC Asheville Singers have come to Washington to perform during Christmas celebrations at both the White House and Walter Reed National Military Center.
I commend the group for continuing their tradition this year and sacrificing their holiday breaks to help our nation's wounded heroes celebrate the holiday season.
Drawn Up In the Dark of Night, Dodd-Frank's Unintended Consequences
Real Clear Markets
Above is an excellent piece from George Mason University's Hester Pierce highlighting the bipartisan realization that the Dodd-Frank financial reform law needs changes to work properly.
Often referred to as the Obamacare of financial markets, Dodd-Frank has proven to be a deeply flawed bill in need of significant changes.
Yet, while some Democrats admit the law's failings, they are strongly resistant to any necessary changes.
WASHINGTON, D.C. OFFICE
2334 Rayburn HOB
Washington, D.C. 20515
Telephone: 202.225.2576
Fax: 202.225.0316
HICKORY DISTRICT OFFICE
87 4th St. NW, Ste A, PO Box 1830
Hickory, NC 28603
Telephone: 828.327.6100
Toll-Free in NC: 800.477.2576
Fax: 828.327.8311
GASTONIA DISTRICT OFFICE
Suite 115
Gaston Co. Administrative Bldg
128 West Main Avenue
Gastonia, NC 28053
Telephone: 704.833.0096
BLACK MTN. DISTRICT OFFICE
160 Midland Avenue
Black Mountain, NC 28711
Telephone: 828.669.0600
Click Here Click Here