
Share:
Click here to view this
message in your browser
January 28, 2015
Dear David,
As Congress starts a new session, I want to share with you some of my priorities that will help keep our region strong. You can sign up to get updates from me on the work I am doing in these areas by checking the boxes in the list below.
Creating jobs and investing in long-term economic growth in Northwest Washington remain my top priorities. The best way to achieve these goals is to invest in our roads, bridges, highways and ferries. We cannot have a big league economy with little league infrastructure. I have already
introduced a bill to enable our small and medium-sized cities to better compete for federal transportation dollars .
I also will be fighting to improve bridge safety here at home and across the country, to
improve rail safety , and to invest in trails for walkers and bikers. And I am excited to
keep my position as Ranking Member of the Aviation Subcommittee . Washington has always been at the forefront of the aerospace industry, and I will be working to support aviation growth and safety in the Puget Sound and across the country.
Our way of life depends on a healthy environment. Be assured that I will continue working to protect Washington state&rsquo;s environment. We achieved important victories last year to preserve our open spaces, and I look forward to continuing those efforts.
You will also hear more from me this year on ways I am fighting to break down barriers that keep people from participating in our economy and our democracy. Congress has a lot of work to do to protect people&rsquo;s fundamental right to vote and to
make sure elections give power to the people, not to money .
I want to keep you updated on my efforts in Congress. Are there particular issues you want to hear more about? Please use the checkboxes below to let me know. Hearing from you is essential in guiding the work that I do in Washington, D.C., so you also can respond to this email or
contact me through my website
to let me know your thoughts.
What issues should I update you on?
Select as many as you would like.
If you are having trouble viewing or completing this survey, please click here.
Economy &amp; Jobs
Small Business Initiatives
Health Care
Veterans
Defense
Transportation
Energy
Agriculture
Campaign Finance Reform
Eduction
Environment
Foreign Affairs
Manufacturing
Seniors
Social Services
Trade
Voting Rights
Other
By clicking submit, you are agreeing to receive periodic updates from my office.
Sincerely,
Rick Larsen
United States Representative
Washington State, 2nd Congressional District
Sign Up for Updates
|
Contact my Office
Unsubscribe
