
AN UPDATE FROM
CONGRESSWOMAN ROYBAL-ALLARD
Dear Friend,
Happy New Year!
I hope you enjoyed a very happy holiday season.
As 2015 begins, so has the 114th Congress.
On Tuesday, I was privileged to be sworn in for a new term as the Congresswoman for Californias 40th District.
As Ive done throughout my political career, I promise I will continue to fight for policies that will provide opportunities for a better life for you and your family. Ill continue to fight for legislation that creates jobs, raises the minimum wage, provides a quality education for our children, and strengthens our crumbling infrastructure. Ill continue to fight for comprehensive immigration reform that protects our borders and treats people with fairness and dignity. I will also continue championing critical public health legislation, including the reauthorization of programs to prevent the epidemic of underage drinking. I encourage you to contact me on these and other issues important to you, your family, and our communities. Thank you for the honor of representing you in the House of Representatives. I look forward to serving you in the 114th Congress.
Connect with Me Through Email and Social Media:
If you have not signed up for my email updates, I encourage you to do so.
Youll receive periodic updates about my work on behalf of the 40th District, notices about office hours and other public events in the District, and important information about government services that could benefit you.
To sign up for my emails, please visit
https://roybal-allard.house.gov/forms/form/?ID=252 .
I hope youll encourage your friends and family to sign up as well!
You can also follow me on social media to receive news about my work in Congress and in the 40th District.
Be sure to follow me on Facebook at
http://www.facebook.com/RepRoybalAllard , on Twitter at
http://www.twitter.com/RepRoybalAllard , on Instagram at
http://www.instagram.com/RepRoybalAllard , and on YouTube at
http://www.youtube.com/user/RepRoybalAllard .
December in Review:
Next, I wanted to tell you about some of the things I worked on during the month of December.
I hope you find this informative, and I look forward to seeing you in the District or Washington, DC.
My Newborn Screening Legislation Becomes Law:
Im very pleased to report that H.R. 1281, my Newborn Screening Saves Lives Reauthorization Act, passed Congress on December 10th, and President Obama signed it into law on December 18th.
My bill seeks to eliminate preventable newborn deaths and severe disabilities through the increased use of comprehensive and standardized newborn screening tests.
I introduced this legislation because all babies deserve the same opportunity to be screened and treated for life-threatening illnesses, no matter where they are born or how much money their families have.
Newborn screening tests are able to detect genetic and metabolic diseases in about 12,000 babies each year.
By identifying and treating these conditions as early as possible, we give children the best chance to lead long, healthy, and active lives.
At Work in Los Angeles:
I spoke with U.S. Citizenship and Immigration Services (USCIS) Director Len Rodrguez during an immigration roundtable in Los Angeles.
We talked about how the USCIS can work with community-based organizations to ensure that President Obamas recent executive action on immigration is implemented effectively in the coming months.
I issued the following statement about the release of the autopsy of Ezell Ford, who was killed in an altercation with LAPD officers last August in South Los Angeles:
https://roybal-allard.house.gov/news/documentsingle.aspx?DocumentID=397795
In East Los Angeles, I served as Honorary Chair of the 24th Annual Holiday Food &amp; Book Distribution by Centro de Nios, a non-profit bilingual and bicultural childrens center providing children with care, education, and social welfare services.
I thanked Centro de Nios for their many contributions to the community.
I also presented Certificates of Congressional Recognition to the individuals and organizations that helped to make the event possible.
I attended the LAUSDs End-of-the-Year Celebration in support of Older Adult Education. I was joined by my cousin, Irma Beserra Nez, as well as State Senate President Pro Tem Kevin de Len, LAUSD Board Member Bennett Kayser, and other dignitaries at this event.
During the celebration, I was honored to receive an award from LAUSDs Division of Adult and Career Education. In accepting the award, I spoke about the importance of older adult education, and urged its continued funding at the state and local levels.
I was so proud to address the graduates of Downey Adult Schools Vocational Nursing Program.
It was great to honor these skilled new health care workers, and to congratulate them individually.
These 27 graduates have completed a rigorous year of coursework and clinical requirements, and are now eligible to take the test to become licensed vocational nurses.
I wished South Los Angeles families Happy Holidays during the holiday party for South Central LAMP (Los Angeles Ministry Project).
I also had the opportunity to thank South Central LAMPs Executive Director, Diana Pinto, for all that her organization does to support and educate low-income women and their families.
I greeted Commerce seniors during their holiday luncheon at the Commerce Senior Center.
I participated in a great discussion with local Latina business leaders.
We agreed that much still needs to be done to level the playing field for women in business, and we are all committed to continuing to work to make this happen!
I attended the City of Paramounts Breakfast with Santa event at the Paramount Park Gym.
I chatted with Paramount residents of all ages and wished Happy Holidays to the crowd.
I also thanked the city council, city staff, and the L.A. County Deputy Sheriffs for staging this event, and for providing safety and city services to the people of Paramount.
I chatted with Paramount seniors during the Senior Holiday Dance at the Paramount Senior Center.
I offered holiday greetings during the Bellflower Rotary Club Pancake Breakfast at the Hollywood Sports Park.
Thanks to the Rotary Club and the Sports Park, the breakfast fed about 250 to 300 low-income families; those families also received groceries to take home.
Children from Olive Crest, a facility that helps abused, neglected and at-risk youth and families, also attended the event, and were able to meet Santa and receive toys.
I greeted guests who came to my District Offices casework presentation at the Oldtimers Foundation in Huntington Park.
At Work in Washington, DC:
I joined three of my Congressional colleagues in writing a letter to National Institutes of Health (NIH) Director Francis Collins, asking him to commission an ethical investigation into the NIHs psychological experiments on baby monkeys at a Maryland laboratory.
The baby monkeys involved in these experiments have been said to suffer from mental illness and alcohol addiction as a result of being separated from their mothers at birth and being subjected to distressing and painful procedures.
We asked for the NIHs Department of Bioethics to provide us with a report on these experiments by February 27.
You can read our letter at
http://roybal-allard.house.gov/UploadedFiles/NIH_Animal_Research_Letter.pdf .
I led 50 House Members in writing a letter to the NIH urging it to include children in its clinical trials where appropriate, and to keep track of the ages of the children involved.
Until we do so, we wont be able to fully understand the long-term health issues our children face, or find the best treatments for the medical problems that afflict them.
The NIH already tracks data about minority and female participants in their trials; children are no less important, and their needs deserve just as much attention from the NIH.
You can read the letter at
https://roybal-allard.house.gov/news/documentsingle.aspx?DocumentID=397767 .
I visited with some children who came to my Capitol Hill office to share the good news that President Barack Obamas executive action on immigration has protected their parents from the prospect of immediate deportation.
During the childrens visit to Washington, they also delivered letters to the White House thanking the President for his efforts to keep immigrant families together.
Thanks to the Presidents courageous action, the sadness and fear expressed by these children and millions of others across the country was lifted during this holiday season.
I was honored to pay tribute to my retiring California House colleagues Rep. George Miller and Rep. Henry Waxman during a speech in the House of Representatives.
We will miss these two outstanding public servants in Congress next year!
You can watch my speech at
http://www.c-span.org/video/?c4518765%2Frep-lucille-roybal-allard-tribute-reps-george-miller-henry-waxman .
I made remarks in the Congressional Record celebrating the 25th anniversary of Hispanas Organized for Political Equality (HOPE), a Los Angeles organization dedicated to promoting #LatinaLeadership and hastening political and economic equality for Latinas. A member of my district staff presented a copy of this tribute to HOPE's Executive Director and CEO, Helen Iris Torres, at the organization's anniversary dinner.
You can read my remarks in the Congressional Record by visiting
http://www.gpo.gov/fdsys/pkg/CREC-2014-12-02/html/CREC-2014-12-02-pt1-PgE1699-2.htm .
2015 Greater Los Angeles Homeless Count:
Finally, I want to inform you that volunteer counters will be needed January 27th - 29th for the 2015 Greater Los Angeles Homeless Count.
In order for public and private institutions to make a difference in the lives of the men, women, and children experiencing homelessness, we need to know who, where, and how many they are.
The data gathered from this Count provides local leaders and nonprofits with the most powerful tool they have to make a case for additional, specialized resources to help the homeless find permanent housing. I encourage you to visit
http://www.theycountwillyou.org
for more information about the Count, and to share this information with friends and family who might be interested in volunteering for this important task.
Sincerely,
Washington, DC Office
2330 Rayburn HOB
Washington, DC 20515
Phone: (202) 225-1766
Fax: (202) 226-0350
District Office
500 Citadel Drive, Suite 320
Commerce, CA 90040
Phone: (323) 721-8790
Fax: (323) 721-8789
WEBSITE
|
UNSUBSCRIBE
|
CONTACT
Click Here Click Here