
Dear Friend,
Thank you for signing up to receive my email newsletter. These
newsletters will cover a variety of topics, including events happening
in Indiana, legislation being considered in Congress, and my
perspective on current issues. My hope is to keep you updated and
informed on how issues in Washington may impact Hoosiers. I welcome
your feedback.
Thanks for reading,
Dan Coats
_____
Good News for Hoosiers
This week Hoosiers received good news. After nearly two years of
negotiations, the state of Indiana and the U.S. Department of Health
and Human Services (HHS) have reached a major breakthrough - an
agreement that approves Indiana's Healthy Indiana Plan 2.0 waiver
application, allowing it to move forward and be implemented.
This agreement will benefit hundreds of thousands of low-income
Hoosiers and is a testament to the effectiveness of the Healthy Indiana
Plan. It solidifies Indiana's position at the forefront of innovation
in Medicaid reform and the advancement of consumer-driven health care.
The Healthy Indiana Plan was originally created under Governor Mitch
Daniels, who extended health coverage to lower-income residents who
earned too much to qualify for Medicaid but too little to afford
quality health coverage.
The guiding principle of the HIP program was simple: individually owned
and directed health-care coverage has a positive effect for individual
citizens and the health care system as a whole.
Giving people a stake in their own health care decisions works.
Governor Daniels put it well in a 2010 Wall Street Journal op-ed,
writing that, "Americans can make sound, thrifty decisions about their
own health. If national policy trusted and encouraged them to do so,
our skyrocketing health-care costs would decelerate."
In May 2013, current Indiana Governor Mike Pence announced plans to
reform and expand the Healthy Indiana Plan to cover more low-income
Hoosiers. And this week, after over a year and a half of negotiations,
HIP 2.0 received a green light from the Obama Administration, and
coverage will begin on February 1, 2015.
I applaud Governor Pence and HHS Secretary Sylvia Burwell for working
together
to continue Indiana's successful consumer-driven approach
that empowers members and provides access to quality care.
This agreement will expand a proven program to more than 350,000
low-income Hoosiers and allow the state of Indiana to end traditional
Medicaid for all non-disabled adults between 19 and 64, who will be
transitioned to HIP 2.0.
The answer to our nation's health care problems is not the broken
status quo of Obamacare. Indiana has shown and will continue to show
that reforming traditional Medicaid and offering innovative health care
solutions is the right way to empower individual citizens as they
aspire to a better life.
_____
Keystone Jobs Bill Passes Senate
On Thursday, I voted for, and the Senate passed, legislation that would
authorize construction of the Keystone XL pipeline. Through an open and
transparent process, which included votes on dozens of amendments, the
Republican-led Senate made good on our promise to pass this important,
bipartisan jobs bill.
The House previously passed a slightly different version of the
legislation on January 9, 2015. The differences between the House and
Senate versions are minimal and should quickly be ironed out so that
this legislation can be sent to President Obama's desk.
The president must decide whether to support energy security and
American jobs or hide behind feeble political excuses.
Coats in the News
Republican-led Senate passes bill authorizing Keystone XL oil pipeline
Senate Finance Subcommittee Chair Coats Warns Of Another Debt Crisis
Senators Blast IRS Commissioner Over Waste, Bonuses, Bad Service, More
Coats Seeks Repeal of Obamacare Employer Mandate
Coats: 'Long Past Time' to Drop Device Tax
_____
Stay Connected
_____
Coats on the Senate Floor
Click here
or on the image above to watch me discuss the
Healthy Indiana Plan (HIP) 2.0.
Click here
or on the image above to watch me
speak on the Senate floor about repealing Obamacare's medical device
tax.
_____
To unsubscribe please
Click Here
Contact Me
Latest News
A message
from Senator Dan Coats
Dear
Friend,
Thank you for signing up to receive my email
newsletter. These newsletters will cover a variety of topics,
including
events happening in Indiana, legislation being
considered
in Congress, and my perspective on current issues.
My
hope is to keep you updated and informed on how issues in Washington may impact Hoosiers. I welcome your
feedback.
Thanks for reading,
Dan Coats
Good News for
Hoosiers
This week Hoosiers received good news. After nearly two years of negotiations, the state of Indiana
and the U.S. Department of Health and Human Services (HHS) have reached a major breakthrough &#8211;
an agreement that approves Indiana&#8217;s Healthy Indiana Plan 2.0 waiver application, allowing it to
move forward and be implemented.
This agreement will benefit hundreds of thousands of low-income Hoosiers and is a testament to
the effectiveness of the Healthy Indiana Plan. It solidifies Indiana&#8217;s position at the forefront
of innovation in Medicaid reform and the advancement of consumer-driven health care.
The Healthy Indiana Plan was originally created under Governor Mitch Daniels, who extended health
coverage to lower-income residents who earned too much to qualify for Medicaid but too little to afford
quality health coverage.
The guiding principle of the HIP program was simple: individually owned and directed health-care
coverage has a positive effect for individual citizens and the health care system as a whole.
Giving people a stake in their own health care decisions works. Governor Daniels put it well in
a 2010 Wall Street Journal op-ed, writing that, &#8220;Americans can make sound, thrifty decisions about
their own health. If national policy trusted and encouraged them to do so, our skyrocketing health-care
costs would decelerate.&#8221;
In May 2013, current Indiana Governor Mike Pence announced plans to reform and expand the Healthy
Indiana Plan to cover more low-income Hoosiers. And this week, after over a year and a half of negotiations,
HIP 2.0 received a green light from the Obama Administration, and coverage will begin on February
1, 2015.
I applaud Governor Pence and HHS Secretary Sylvia Burwell for working together
to continue
Indiana&#8217;s successful consumer-driven approach that empowers members and provides access to quality
care.
This agreement will expand a proven program to more than 350,000 low-income Hoosiers and allow the
state of Indiana to end traditional Medicaid for all non-disabled adults between 19 and 64, who will
be transitioned to HIP 2.0.
The answer to our nation&#8217;s health care problems is not the broken status quo of Obamacare.
Indiana has shown and will continue to show that reforming traditional Medicaid and offering innovative
health care solutions is the right way to empower individual citizens as they aspire to a better life.
Keystone
Jobs Bill Passes Senate
On Thursday, I voted for, and the Senate passed, legislation
that would authorize construction of the Keystone XL pipeline. Through an open and transparent process,
which included votes on dozens of amendments, the Republican-led Senate made good on our promise to pass
this important, bipartisan jobs bill.
The House previously passed a slightly different version of the legislation on January 9, 2015.
The differences between the House and Senate versions are minimal and should quickly be ironed out so
that this legislation can be sent to President Obama&#8217;s desk.
The president must decide whether to support energy security
and American jobs or hide behind feeble political excuses.
Coats
in the News
Republican-led
Senate passes bill authorizing Keystone XL oil pipeline
Senate
Finance Subcommittee Chair Coats Warns Of Another Debt Crisis
Senators
Blast IRS Commissioner Over Waste, Bonuses, Bad Service, More
Coats
Seeks Repeal of Obamacare Employer Mandate
Coats:
'Long Past Time' to Drop Device Tax
Stay
Connected
Coats on the Senate Floor
Click
here
or on the image above to watch me discuss the Healthy Indiana Plan (HIP) 2.0.
Click
here
or on the image above to watch me speak on the Senate floor about repealing Obamacare's medical device
tax.
To
unsubscribe please
Click
Here
Contact
Me Latest
News
