
If you are having trouble viewing this message or would like to share
it on a social network, you can
view the message online .
HOME
CONTACT US
CONSTITUENT SERVICES
ISSUES AND
LEGISLATION
December 14, 2014
Vote
to Cut Funding To EPA, IRS &amp; Challenge Presidents Unilateral
Executive Immigration Action :
This week, the
House of Representatives passed the FY2015 Appropriations Omnibus Bill
with a bipartisan vote of 219-206. This bill will fund the government
through September 2015 with the exception of the Department of Homeland
Security, which will only be funded until February 27, 2015. The final
legislation was far from perfect, and I strongly disagree with the
timeline under which it was presented before
Congress.
Ultimately, I oppose the Presidents use of executive orders on
immigration and this vote will best allow us to set up a direct challenge when
there is a Republican majority in the Senate and the House. We will
then have the debate on our terms, not the Presidents.
This
legislation also had a number of conservative solutions I strongly
support and have been working towards since I was first elected. It
continues to curb wasteful spending, rein in regulatory overreach, and
will be particularly helpful for Kansas farmers. I was also pleased that
it specifically directs the Department of Homeland Security to
continue preparations to award the construction contract for
NBAF.
Conservative Solutions in the Omnibus Appropriations
Bill:
Kansas farmers will get much
needed relief from the EPA regulating their irrigation ditches and farm
ponds.
The EPA staff will be reduced to a
25 year low
(1989) after having their budget cut by 21 percent over the past 4 years.
Cuts the IRS
budget by $345.6 million
and bans the agency from targeting
organizations seeking tax-exempt status based on ideological beliefs.
A significant
aspect of the ruinous financial bill Dodd-Frank will be repealed which
will allow our local banks to have a chance to survive and overcome
this damaging regulatory burden that failed to fix a
problem.
Provides
no new funding for
ObamaCare , and holds the line for funding the IRS and the Centers for
Medicare and Medicaid Services
the primary agencies responsible for the
implementation of ObamaCare.
Eliminates
unnecessary regulations regarding firearms and ammunition such as
regulations on lead bullets.
Cuts funding for the
Presidents Race to the Top initiatives which the Administration is
using to implement Common Core.
Peels back
the Administrations restrictive school lunch
regulation.
Increases military service members
salaries
and funding for the Board of Veterans Appeals is increased
by $11 million over
FY2014.
Maintains all existing pro-life policy and funding
provisions
that have been carried in Appropriations legislation in previous
years, including the Hyde Amendment, a ban on public funding for abortions
in the District of Columbia, and a ban on abortion funding for federal
prisoners.
Americas New Congress Is
Eager to Get To Work :
At the weekly press
conference with Republican leaders, I highlighted a reason to hope this
holiday season despite the fact that many American families are struggling
in this economy. Families continue to face rising healthcare costs,
and in fact, the cost for healthcare now outpaces the growth of
household wages.
Americas New Congress in 2015 is eager to get to
work on solutions that empower all Americans and help everyone get
ahead. I am confident in our efforts to pass legislation with bipartisan
support and find solutions to get our economy moving and put more
money in peoples pockets. We intend to lead, and we hope the Presidents
New Years resolution will finally be to work with
us.
To watch my remarks at the press conference,
click here .
House Legislation to Prevent Military
Suicide :
Our nation must do more to provide for our troops when they return home.
According to the Department of Veterans Affairs, 22 of our veterans
commit suicide every day.
This week, the House passed the
Clay Hunt Suicide Prevention for American Veterans Act to help reduce
the number of military and veteran suicides by giving our troops better
access to mental health services. The legislation is named after Iraq
and Afghanistan war veteran Clay Hunt, a Marine who died by suicide
in 2011.
Hunt sought mental health treatment during his
transition to civilian life after serving two combat tours, but tragically
did not receive the timely help he needed. It is my hope that this
legislation will make certain no returning soldier, who has faithfully
served this country, will experience difficulties getting life-saving
treatment.
In addition to this legislation, I recently
hosted the first-ever Mental Health First Aid training session for veterans
in Kansas. The training was designed to give folks the tools they
need to not only identify a mental health issue, but also help someone
who is experiencing a mental health
crisis.
Protecting Taxpayers Charitable Donations :
On
Wednesday, I spoke on the House Floor in support of important bipartisan
legislation to protect taxpayers charitable donations and ensure
Americans can continue donating to nonprofits, food shelters, and
charities on a tax-preferred basis. These are the kind of common-sense tax
provisions we will be working to make permanent as we move into the new
Congress in 2015.
To watch my speech on the House Floor,
click here .
Share on Facebook Share on Twitter
Please Feel Free to Tell a Friend
E-mail:
E-mail:
E-mail:
Washington, DC Office
1027 Longworth HOB
Washington, D.C. 20515
Phone: (202)
225-6601
Fax: (202) 225-7986
Pittsburg Office
1001
N. Broadway Street #C
Pittsburg,
KS 66762
Phone: (620) 231-LYNN
(5966)
Fax: (620) 231-5972
Topeka Office
3550 SW 5th Street
Topeka, KS
66606
Phone: (785) 234-LYNN
(5966)
Fax: (785) 234-5967
Independence
Office
120 N. 6th Street
Independence, KS 67301
Phone: (620) 231-LYNN (5966)
Fax: (620) 231-5972
Unsubscribe
|
Update My
Profile
|
Privacy Policy
