DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.0 Transitional//EN" "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml1/DTD/xhtml1-transitional.dtd"
Email Newsletter
Recently in Washington
Last week the House passed H.R. 161, the Natural Gas Pipeline Permitting Reform Act, by a vote of 253-169.
The bill expedites the federal review process for applications for natural gas pipeline certificates.
The House also passed H.R. 7, the No Taxpayer Funding for Abortion Act, by a vote of 242-179.
It codifies long standing Hyde Act policies which prohibit federal funding for abortions.
Congressman Simpson supported both bills.
SIMPSON RESPONDS TO SOTU
Republicans: Simplify Taxes, Energy Independence, Reduce Deficit
Idaho Congressman Mike Simpson issued the following statement after the Presidents State of the Union Address.
The President has put forward his vision for our nation, now its time for a Republican Congress to do the same. The President wants to increase taxes on investments and earnings, while Republicans want to empower the middle class by reforming our outdated tax code
making it fairer, simpler, and more conducive to economic growth.
The President wants to increase regulations and drive up the cost of energy, while Republicans want to build the Keystone XL Pipeline and sustain our move toward true energy independence.
The President wants to throw hundreds of billions of dollars at a litany of new federal programs, while Republicans want to continue progress on reducing the deficit and creating new jobs. The President touts his free federal programs, while Republicans know that free federal help places an additional strain on America's already overburdened taxpayers. I look forward to the coming debate on the critical issues facing our nation and to a Republican agenda that puts the priorities of American families ahead of failed policies of the past.
Immigration Vote was about the Law
By Congressman Mike Simpson
When the Federal Convention gathered at Independence Hall in 1787, the great minds of a generation engaged in discussions that resulted in a compromise we now know as the Constitution of the United States. That document has guided We the People through disagreements for over 200 years. Central to that success is Article II, Section 3 of the Constitution, which states the President shall take Care that the Laws be faithfully executed, and Article I, Section 1, which states that, All legislative Powers herein granted shall be vested in a Congress of the United States.
That debate about the separation of powers is as relevant today as ever due to President Obamas actions on immigration
actions even he repeatedly admitted were outside his authority. This month, I weighed in on the debate by supporting amendments to the Homeland Security appropriations bill that defunded the presidents overreaching actions and declared they should have no legal effect because they violated the separation of powers as defined in the Constitution.
Opinion Editor Jon Alexanders recent column in the Times-News criticized my vote as an attack on children and even went so far as to suggest it was counter to my previous statements on immigration. I disagree with this assertion and appreciate the opportunity to explain why. This vote was about protecting the powers granted to the legislative branch against an ever growing executive branch that has been inappropriately expanding its reach for decades.
I also respectfully disagree with Alexanders assertion that the separation of powers issue is a bogus excuse for voting in support of the amendments. I cant support the president creating temporary actions outside the legal framework that provide vast uncertainty in our immigration process. However, if the issue is about fixing the problem through comprehensive immigration reform in a legal and permanent way, then the Times-News and I stand on similar ground.
I understand that many people are frustrated with the inability of Congress to pass meaningful immigration reform to this point. Frankly, I share their concerns and hope that Congress will lead the way with a permanent solution. However, the Presidents actions on this issue are a dangerous precedent, and it isnt the first time he has acted outside his authority to unilaterally change the law. From changing Obamacare where he sees fit to using the EPA to expand federal jurisdiction over water, the Presidents use of Executive actions to do that which should only be done through Congress should be concerning to everyone. It makes me believe that these efforts are more of a political tactic then an attempt to solve the problem.
Immigration reform is a difficult and complex issue that wont be resolved without courage in Congress and a commitment among all parties to find a reasonable compromise. Compromise is not a dirty word. While our nation stands deeply divided on this issue, we almost all agree that improving upon the status quo shouldnt be that difficult. I join many of my Republican and Democrat colleagues who believe any immigration package must lead with strong border security measures. I also recognize that we need to overhaul our guest worker programs and address the issue of legal status for those who are working and living in our local communities. The Presidents actions have only served to undermine the legislative process and create more uncertainty, potentially derailing reform. What this country needs is a comprehensive, permanent, and most importantly, legal solution.
Floor Schedule
The schedule this week has been altered due to inclement weather
MONDAY, JANUARY 26 TH
On Monday, the House will meet at meet at 12:00 p.m. for morning hour and 2:00 p.m. for legislative business. Scheduled recorded votes have been canceled.
Possible Legislation Considered Under Suspension of the Rules:
1)
H.R. 514
- Human Trafficking Prioritization Act
(Sponsored by Rep. Chris Smith / Foreign Affairs Committee)
2)
H.R. 515
- International Megans Law to Prevent Demand for Child Sex Trafficking
(Sponsored by Rep. Chris Smith / Foreign Affairs Committee)
3)
H.R. 357
- Human Trafficking Prevention Act
(Sponsored by Rep. Sean Patrick Maloney / Foreign Affairs Committee)
4)
H.R. 468
- Enhancing Services for Runaway and Homeless Victims for Youth Trafficking Act of 2015
(Sponsored by Rep. Joe Heck / Education and Workforce Committee)
5)
H.R. 469
- Strengthening Child Welfare Response to Trafficking Act of 2015
(Sponsored by Rep. Karen Bass / Education and Workforce Committee)
6)
H.R. 246
- To improve the response to victims of child sex trafficking
(Sponsored by Rep. Joyce Beatty / Education and Workforce Committee)
TUESDAY, JANUARY 27TH
On Tuesday, the House will meet at 10:00 a.m. for morning hour and 12:00 p.m. for legislative business.
Legislation Considered Under Suspension of the Rules:
1)
H.R. 398
- Trafficking Awareness Training for Health Care Act of 2015
(Sponsored by Rep. Renee Ellmers / Energy and Commerce Committee)
2)
H.R. 460
- Human Trafficking Detection Act of 2015
(Sponsored by Rep. Mark Walker / Homeland Security Committee)
3)
H.R. 350
- Human Trafficking Prevention, Intervention, and Recovery Act of 2015
(Sponsored by Rep. Kristi Noem / Judiciary Committee)
4)
H.R. 159
- Stop Exploitation Through Trafficking Act of 2015, as amended
(Sponsored by Rep. Erik Paulsen / Judiciary Committee)
5)
H.R. 181
- Justice for Victims of Trafficking Act of 2015, as amended
(Sponsored by Rep. Ted Poe / Judiciary Committee)
6)
H.R. 285
- Stop Advertising Victims of Exploitation Act of 2015
(Sponsored by Rep. Ann Wagner / Judiciary Committee)
H.R. 351
- LNG Permitting Certainty and Transparency Act (Subject to a Rule)
(Sponsored by Rep. Bill Johnson / Energy and Commerce Committee)
WEDNESDAY, JANUARY 28TH
On Wednesday, the House will meet at 9:00 a.m. for legislative business. Last votes expected no later than 3:00 p.m. The House will complete consideration of H.R. 351.
THURSDAY, JANUARY 29TH AND FRIDAY, JANUARY 30TH
On Thursday and Friday, the House may meet in pro forma session. No votes are expected.
In the News
Obamas agenda, outlined in Boise, faces trouble in House
By Bryan Clarke, Post Register, January 21, 2015
President Barack Obama threw down a challenge to congressional Republicans in the closing minutes of his Wednesday speech at Boise State Universitys Caven-Williams Sports Complex.
Tell me how we get to yes, he said.
But Rep. Mike Simpson said many of the policies Obama outlined in the speech, as well as Tuesday nights State of the Union address
policies such as making two years of community college available for free, and raising taxes on stock market returns while providing tax credits for middle class families
are going to be tough sells on Capitol Hill.
Those things that hes talked about, he wont get to Yes on those, frankly, Simpson said. Its the typical, Lets tax more so we can spend more.
Simpson, who is a close ally of House Speaker John Boehner, R-Ohio, said he heard four separate veto threats in Obamas State of the Union: additional sanctions on Iran, the Keystone oil pipeline, rolling back Obamas executive orders on immigration and repealing the Affordable Care Act.
All four are policies near the top of the GOP agenda.
If he wants to get to yes on the things where we can work together, he needs to start working with us and stop threatening to veto everything we pass, Simpson said.
The theme of Obamas post-State of the Union tour, of which Boise was the first stop, is Middle Class Economics. He argues that helping the middle class with policies such as guaranteed sick leave, increased job training and apprenticeships, affordable access to higher education and cheaper child care, will restore the link between hard work and opportunity.
We have risen from the recession in a better position, freer to write our own future than any country on Earth, Obama said Wednesday. Now weve got to choose what future we want. Are we going to accept an economy where only a few of us do spectacularly well? Or can we commit ourselves to an economy that generates rising incomes and opportunities for everyone whos willing to try hard?
Obama touted the economic progress made since his first term in office
unemployment falling dramatically, health care costs rising at the slowest pace in 50 years and the deficit declining by two-thirds.
Wages are finally starting to go up, Obama said. More small business owners plan to raise their employees pay than at any time since 2007.
But Simpson said Obama is dodging a major issue crucial to Republicans: the national debt.
While the deficit has been dramatically reduced, Simpson said, the country has not begun to pay off its almost $18 trillion in debt.
Weve got to get to a balanced budget and start paying down the debt before we find new ways to spend money, Simpson said. I agree with him that college tuition is too expensive and college students have too much debt when they get out of college. That doesnt mean we just say were going to have two free years of community college. Thats going to cost billions of dollars.
But Simpson also said there is some room for deal-making.
Im not willing to predict that its all dead, he said. I still think we can work together on a variety of issues that are important to the American people.
In particular, Simpson said, he believes Congress is eager to negotiate a transportation package that will fix the ailing Highway Trust Fund.
Contact Mike
Issues
Other News
MEDIA CENTER
Simpson Responds to SOTU
If you are having trouble reading this message, try viewing the
web version
BIOGRAPHY
|
NEWS CENTER
|
ISSUES
|
SERVICES FOR YOU
|
2ND DISTRICT
|
CONTACT
Click Here Click Here