
Tuesday, January 13, 2015
WEBSITE
|
FORWARD TO A FRIEND
| SHARE ON:
Make sure to enable photos in your email browser!
A Strong Start
Last week marked the first days of the 114 th
Congress.
The House quickly got to work, passing legislation to repeal Obamacares 30 hour definition of full-time employment, encourage businesses to hire veterans and build the Keystone XL.
Bills that passed the House with my support:
H.R. 22
Hire More Heroes Act : Makes it easier for veterans to find work and businesses to hire them.
H.R. 30
Save American Workers Act : Restores the 40 hour work week &amp; reverses the devastating effects of Obamacare on employment and take home pay.
H.R. 3
the Keystone Pipeline:
Creates more than 42,000 jobs and increases our energy security.
Table of Contents
Obama's Veto Threats
My Vote For Speaker
Conservative Wins in the CROmnibus
#StoriesFromOhio
Terrorism in France
In the News
Obama's Veto Threats
Continued White House Obstructionism
Follow me on Twitter:
@RepBradWenstrup
Just a week into 2015, President Obama's New Year's resolution appears to be increased White House obstructionism.
He's issued 3 veto threats in just 2 days !
These vetoes threaten to block important policies that help Americas hourly employees and our nations energy infrastructure.
Middle class and Midwest America cant afford 2 more years of President Obamas obstructionism.
Featured Cosponsorship
H.R. 160
To repeal the Medical Device Tax
Have a bill or letter you would like me to support?
Let me know here .
More Ways to Connect
Facebook
Twitter
YouTube
Recent Votes
My Vote For Speaker
The majority of our Congress now represents the common sense conservativism our nation needs to grow the economy and make government more efficient.
Our first order of business was to elect the Speaker of the House.I heard from many of you and your thoughts about our next Speaker, and understand your frustration. This is a tough, thankless job, and the conservatives in the House recognize that fact.
I didnt come to Congress to be against everything. I came to Washington to help solve our nations most pressing problems and move us in a more conservative direction. I take Ronald Reagans cheerful conservatism to heart. His entire outlook reminded us to attract voters with our hopes and our plans and not threaten them with our anger and our fears.
Click here
to read more about my vote for Speaker of the House.
......................................................
Conservative wins in the CROmnibus
Im heard from many of you about last month's government funding bill,
and wanted to take a moment to further talk about the legislation .
Beyond setting up an immigration showdown with the President that we can win, the CROmnibus legislation included dozens, if not hundreds, of reforms and spending cuts that would not otherwise ever pass, let alone have the President sign. From real cuts to Obamacare, the EPA, and the IRS, to strengthened pro-life and 2nd amendment provisions, weve secured numerous wins that havent happened in the last 4 years, despite Republicans controlling the House.
Read more about the spending reductions and important policy provisions here
Myth vs. Facts
-Did not fund amnesty
-Rolled back big government
.........................................................................
Obamacare Stories From Ohio
Premiums and deductibles are rising, plans are being cancelled, people are losing access to their doctors, and small businesses have been forced to reduce employee hours. Mike, a small business owner from Cincinnati, is facing higher costs:
Our premiums are jumping by 18 percent for 2015 and because of Obamacare; we will lose our plan in 2016. We are a healthy family of three, and have had no significant claims. I worry that next year, my family and I will be facing even higher deductibles, out of pocket costs, and premiums for a plan that doesnt meet our needs.
Click Here
to read more Obamacare
#StoriesFromOhio .
Terrorism in France
The disgusting and vile attacks in Paris are aimed directly at the underpinnings of our democratic society: free speech. Islamic terrorism, now championed by the likes of ISIS, knows no boundaries. France is our oldest ally, dating back from the days of the Revolutionary War, and my prayers are with their nation and people.
My visit to the DP&amp;L Plant
Coffee with Your Congressman
Click Here
to read more recent articles about Ohio's 2nd District.
ICYMI: In the News
The Peoples Defender| Congressman Tours DP&amp;L Plant
U.S. Representative Brad Wenstrup, Ohio Second District, toured the Dayton Power and Light Companys Killen Station on US 52 east of Manchester on Friday, Dec. 19.
Read More Here.
The Portsmouth Daily Times| Congressman Tours NB Facility
A year after production began at the $13 million Infra-Metals plant in New Boston, U.S. Representative Brad Wenstrup (R-2) paid employees a visit on Friday afternoon.
Read More Here.
The Highland County Press| Wenstrup Meets With Constituents at Senior Center
Second District Rep. Brad Wenstrup held a Coffee with Your Congressman event in Hillsboro Friday, Dec. 19 at the Highland County Senior Center.
Read More Here.
NOTE: Please DO NOT respond to this email as this inbox is unattended. To contact my office please
click here
Connect:
WASHINGTON, D.C. OFFICE
1318 Longworth H.O.B.
Washington, DC 20515
P:
(202) 225-3164
F:
(202) 225-1992
HAMILTON COUNTY OFFICE
7954 Beechmont Ave, Suite 200
Cincinnati, OH 45255
P:
(513) 474-7777
F:
(513) 605-1377
PEEBLES OFFICE
170 North Main St.
Peebles, OH 45660
P:
(513) 605-1380
F:
(937) 798-4024
UNION TOWNSHIP OFFICE
4350 Aicholtz Rd.
Cincinnati, OH 45245
P:
(513) 605-1389
UNSUBSCRIBE
|
PRIVACY POLICY
|
CONTACT US
Click Here Click Here