
As the new Executive Director of the DSCC, it&rsquo;s my job to work with you to ensure that Democrats achieve victory and take back the Senate in 2016.
Friend -- As the new Executive Director of the DSCC, it&rsquo;s my job to work with you to ensure that Democrats achieve victory and take back the Senate in 2016. And part of that means keeping you informed -- even MORE informed than I know you already are.
So every couple of weeks, we&rsquo;ll send you our
Democratic Insider: Top News for Our Top Supporters.
It&#39;s a round-up of news, opportunities for action, interesting articles, and even a little humor to give dedicated Democrats an inside view of political goings-on. I hope you&rsquo;ll enjoy it!
Best,
Tom Lopach
DSCC Executive Director
Action Center
It wasn&rsquo;t even 24 hours into the new Congress before the GOP launched their first sneak attack on Social Security. It&rsquo;s unbelievable! Their reckless act could result in a nearly 20% benefits cut for eleven million disabled Americans -- and retired seniors could be the next target.
Sign our petition to tell the GOP: Hands off our Social Security!
Chart of the Week
Great news: For the 57th consecutive month, job growth is on the rise! #ThanksObama
What Was He Thinking?!
GOP Majority Leader Mitch McConnell had a somewhat unorthodox take on the good economic news:
&ldquo;The uptick [in economic growth] appears to coincide with the biggest political change of the Obama Administration&rsquo;s long tenure in Washington: the expectation of a new Republican Congress.&rdquo;
So&hellip; McConnell thinks the economy is improving because folks knew the Republicans were about to take over? Sure, Mitch, whatever you say.
(P.S. We&rsquo;re not alone in our skepticism:
Politifact
rated McConnell&rsquo;s statement as FALSE.)
Survey of the Week
Republicans have controlled both houses of Congress for just over a week.
Which of the GOP&rsquo;s actions since January 6th is the MOST harmful to our country?
Threatening disabled Americans:
The House GOP launched a sneak attack on Social Security (Elizabeth Warren called it &ldquo;ridiculous -- but not surprising&rdquo;)
Attacking choice:
Republicans introduced legislation -- supported by Mitch McConnell -- that would BAN abortions after 20 weeks of pregnancy
Rejecting immigration solutions:
They&rsquo;re attempting to quash the President&rsquo;s plan to keep immigrant families together
McConnell&rsquo;s attacks:
His bitter and belligerent opening speech caused the Washington Post to comment: &ldquo;If this [is] a sign of McConnell&rsquo;s leadership, it&rsquo;s going to be a long and unproductive session.&rdquo;
Spotlight on: Senator Elizabeth Warren (MA)
The votes are in:
Elizabeth Warren is your pick for most inspirational Democratic senator!
Elected to the Senate in 2012, Senator Warren quickly made her mark as an outspoken advocate for Wall Street reform, college affordability, and leveling the economic playing field so that all Americans have a fair shot. She serves on Senate committees that oversee banking; health, labor, and education; and aging issues.
Senator Warren is an expert on bankruptcy and the pressures facing middle-class families. Before running for Senate, she played a lead role in the creation of the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau and spent 20 years as a professor at Harvard Law School. She will be up for reelection in 2018.
This Will Make You Laugh
Remember Scott Brown, who ran for Senate in Massachusetts in 2012 (defeated by Elizabeth Warren) and then in New Hampshire in 2014 (defeated by Jeanne Shaheen)? Well, someone on Twitter thought it would be funny if Scott ran for the Senate in a
third
state:
Sadly, the Twitter account has since been suspended.
Thanks for reading!
Democratic Senatorial Campaign Committee
P.O. Box 96047
Washington, DC 20090
Paid for by the Democratic Senatorial Campaign Committee, dscc.org,
and not authorized by any candidate or candidate&#39;s committee.
The DSCC is the only organization solely dedicated to supporting Democrats in the U.S. Senate. This message was sent to dj724530@gmail.com because you are a part of the DSCC&rsquo;s grassroots network. Please add us to your address book or approved senders list to make sure you keep receiving DSCC updates.
Emails are a critical way for us to stay in touch with our grassroots supporters. 99% of the DSCC&rsquo;s contributions come from grassroots donors giving less than $200. We also strive to keep you updated on issues related to the Democratic Party&rsquo;s values.
If you&rsquo;d like to stop receiving emails related to this campaign, please
click here .
If you&#39;d like to make a contribution to support us, please
click here . We are already beginning to prepare for the fight ahead &ndash; reclaiming the majority in 2016. It will take every single grassroots supporter, but we know it&rsquo;s possible with your help. If you&rsquo;d like to stop receiving all emails from the DSCC, please
unsubscribe . We greatly appreciate your continued support.
Contributions or gifts to the DSCC are not tax deductible.
