
E-news Sign-up
Friday January 23, 2015
CONTACT STEVEN
Lending My Voice to the Voiceless
Yesterday, tens of thousands of Americans c a me to Washington to participate in the annual March for Life and show their support for the unborn.
Im proud to say that this years rally of support included nearly 300 South Mississippians from the Catholic Diocese of Biloxi.
The participants marched down the National Mall to the steps of the Supreme Court in protest of
Roe v. Wade,
the 1973 ruling that a womans choice to have an abortion was legal under the 14 th
Amendments right-to-privacy provision.
One of the new ways
Roe v. Wade
is being used by pro-abortion advocates is in barbaric wrongful birth lawsuits.
In these cases, parents file suit against physicians on the grounds that had the parents known their child would be born with a disability, they would have aborted the unborn child after prenatal testing.
This disturbing trend violates the Americans with Disabilities Act and subjects children to unlawful discrimination by painting disabled children as burdens to their families.
That is why I have re-introduced my Every Child is a Blessing Act to stop these outlandish claims and further protect the sanctity of every human life.
This bill gives a voice to the voiceless by preventing discrimination and putting an end to wrongful birth lawsuits in federal and state courts.
As a father of three beautiful children myself, I believe that no child should ever have to hear that they should not have been born.
The March for Life is a reminder of
Roe v. Wade s incredibly detrimental ramifications and reinforces that we must fight to protect every human life.
With legislation such as Every Child is a Blessing, we can work to protect every precious life and restore the rights of those to whom the Supreme Courts decision has done a disservice.
S incerely,
S teven M. Palazzo
NOTE: Please DO NOT respond to this email as this inbox is unattended. To contact my office please
click here
UNSUBSCRIBE
|
PRIVACY POLICY
|
CONTACT US
Click Here Click Here