
If you are having trouble viewing this message or would like to
share it on a social network, you can
view the message online .
About
Contact
Services
Media
Center
Legislation
Issues
Resources
February 01, 2015
Friends,
As we all know, a serious winter storm
barreled up the East coast last week, dropping nearly three feet of
snow in areas, cutting off power for some folks and shutting down entire
cities. While the Northeast braced for a monumental blizzard, we saw
the effects right here in North Carolina, with flight cancelations out
of Charlotte Douglas International Airport.
Much like our
neighbors to the North battened down and weathered the storm, our economy
and energy security have been weathering President Obamas war on
American energy for years.
But unlike the snow clouds that
passed and made way for sunshine, President Obamas policies continue to
cast a shadow on domestic energy exploration.
Under the
Presidents moratorium on American energy is a vast potential of lower costs,
more jobs and economic security that remain
untapped.
I have been a staunch advocate for
getting North Carolina into the energy business and have urged the
Administration to significantly expand the area available for energy
development to include the Atlantic Outer Continental Shelf.
As
Co-Chair of the Atlantic Offshore Energy Caucus, I have worked to advance an
all-of-the-above energy strategy that cuts through burdensome
regulations and responsibly unlocks our natural resources.
Im
pleased that this week, the Administration heeded our requests and announced
a proposal to allow offshore natural gas and oil exploration off the
Atlantic coast. I support opening up our coast to drilling, but I
understand that the Presidents radical ideology on climate change
threatens the success of this
proposal.
North Carolina is on the cusp of unlocking our own natural
resources, creating thousands of jobs and boosting our economy at home
through offshore drilling.
There are potentially vast resources
off our coastline. The challenge does not lie in finding these
resources, but in man-made government regulatory hurdles that prohibit us
from allocating the time and investment to develop them.
Opening
up the Atlantic to oil and natural gas drilling has the potential to
support more than 55,000 jobs in North Carolina, and it could
contribute nearly $3 billion in new revenue.
One only needs to look
at states like North Dakota to see the positive impact that domestic
exploration has on a region and the lives of people who live there. It
has the potential to keep energy costs low for families and businesses
and empower manufacturers to grow. It will boost our infrastructure
development, revitalize our factories and create new jobs and
opportunities across our
state.
While the Administrations plan is a welcome first step, it doesnt go
far enough to fully explore and develop coastal energy
right
now.
We should implement a more robust plan that offers more than
one potential lease sale off of the Atlantic coast. I can assure you
that I will be vigilant and work to guarantee that North Carolina and
the eighth district benefit from drilling off our coasts, from
creating construction jobs, to attracting new manufacturers.
My top
three priorities are jobs, jobs and jobs, and I pledge I will continue
to work to create an environment for more opportunity and
prosperity.
If we move forward in a
smart and environmentally sound way, we can unlock energy offshore
while protecting industries vital to North Carolina. Norway is a prime
example that offshore energy exploration and development is compatible
with the environment and other industries. The fishing industry and the
oil and gas industry have safely and successfully coexisted since
1971, with both industries contributing greatly to the Norwegian economy.
Im committed to matching that record of success in North
Carolina and making sure that energy off our coast is pursued in an
environmentally responsible way.
North American energy security,
lower costs, and more jobs are within reach, and I'm committed to
making those goals a
reality.
Until next
week,
Richard Hudson
Member of
Congress (NC-08)
Concord
Office
325 McGill Ave, NW
Suite 500
Concord, NC 28027
Phone: (704) 7861612
Rockingham
Office
1015 Fayetteville Rd
Rockingham, NC 28379
Phone: (910)
9972070
Washington D.C.
Office
429 Cannon HOB
Washington, DC 20515
Phone: (202)
2253715
Unsubscribe
|
Update My
Profile
|
Privacy Policy
gateway mail end
