
If
you are having trouble viewing this message or would like to share it
on a social network, you can
view the message online .
Home
|
About
|
How Can I Help?
|
Media
|
Issues
|
The 6th District
Seasons Greetings!
Dear
Friends:
God bless
you and your family during this holiday season.
At this time of
year, let us be thankful for all our blessings and for the opportunity
to spend this special time with our families and loved
ones.
Have a Merry Christmas and a Happy Hanukah!
Please
remember those who cannot be with their families because of their
service to our nation in uniform throughout the
world.
Sincerely,
Mike Coffman
U.S.
Representative
If you would like to sign up to receive regular email
updates from Mike, please visit
this
link
$ 18,036,884,717,264
Share on Facebook
Share on
LinkedIn
Share on
Twitter
Coffman will propose bill to fund Aurora VA beyond $800
million
By Rachel
Sapin
AuroraSentinel
Published December 23, 2014
AURORA |
Congressman Mike Coffman
said a
temporary deal struck between Kiewit-Turner and the Department of
Veterans Affairs to complete construction of the VA replacement hospital
would run out of money in three months.
Right now there
is nothing that we can do to reverse the costly mistakes that the VA
has made given its deplorable mismanagement of this project. This
project cant be left sitting there half finished, he said in a statement
Monday.
Coffman said he would introduce a bill in
January to increase the $800 million spending cap that Congress placed on
the VA when it authorized the construction of the Aurora hospital.
According to Coffman, the VA has already spent $730 million dollars on the
half-built hospital that Kiewit-Turner has said will cost over $1
billion to complete.
Last week, the VA and Kiewit-Turner
reached an agreement to temporarily resume construction on the hospital
while the U.S. Army Corps of Engineers negotiates a new contract with
Kiewit-Turner to complete the hospital project. The Army Corps will
then assume all management responsibilities on the Aurora project
through its completion, according to the
statement.
Officials also said last week that some construction workers would return to
the site Monday, but the massive hospital site remained quiet this
morning with what appeared to be less than a dozen workers back on the
job, mostly from Kiewit-Turner.
Veterans
Affairs and Kiewit-Turner make construction agreement
official
By Molly
Armbrister
Denver Business
Journal
Published December 22, 2014
The U.S. Department of Veterans Affairs and contractor Kiewit-Turner
have signed an interim agreement that has started work up again on the
Denver VA Medical Center.
The agreement was first
announced last week and will include a $157 million payment by the VA to
Kiewit-Turner for past costs. The agreement also calls for $50 million
to cover up to three months of work on the construction site, with $20
million as a contingency fund to cover change orders already
completed, and $1.8 million per month to KT to cover a rate of return above
costs.
In total, the agreement will cost the VA $234
million, according to
U.S. Rep. Mike Coffman . The
agreement also brings in the U.S. Army Corps of Engineers to advise on the
project.
The contract will last 90 days, after which the
VA will have to come up with more money to continue funding the
project, which Kiewit-Turner in June 2013 estimated is a $1 billion endeavor.
The project had initially been pegged at $600 million, and Congress
put an $800 million spending cap on it.
Coffman's office
said Monday that he will introduce legislation next month to raise
that cap so that the project can be finished, since the VA has already
spent nearly $730 million and the project is only about halfway
finished.
"I am delighted that we are back to work
constructing a state-of-the-art health care facility that Colorado veterans have
earned and deserve," said VA Deputy Secretary Sloan Gibson. "We will
continue to work with Kiewit-Turner and the Army Corps of Engineers to
secure a long-term solution to ensure that this project continues
moving forward."
Work on the hospital ceased earlier this
month after the VA was found to be in breach of its contract with
Kiewit-Turner.
"Workers returned this morning and
construction has restarted on the Denver VA replacement project," said Scott
Cassels, executive vice president for Kiewit. "Kiewit-Turner will
continue to ramp up construction activities as we bring more subcontractors
and workers back to the project. We appreciate teh contined dialog and
collaboration with Deputy Secretary Gibson and the Corps of Engineers,
we all work together on this important project for Colorado-area
veterans."
Rep. Mike
Coffman:
VA Wastes Billions on Building
Projects
By: Elliot
Jager
Newsmax.com
Published
December 23, 2014
A Colorado
congressman says the Department of Veterans Affairs should no longer
be allowed to supervise large construction projects, CNN
reported.
Republican
Rep. Mike Coffman , whose
6th congressional district includes an unfinished VA medical center
whose estimated building costs have practically doubled to $1 billion,
says the agency wastes money on elaborate designs instead of
prioritizing its resources for the care of veterans.
Investigations
by lawmakers and watchdog agencies, like the Government Accountability
Office and the VA Inspector General, reveal that large VA projects
suffer from massive cost overruns and lengthy building delays that are
mostly traceable to VA mismanagement.
Such inefficiencies
at projects in Denver, Las Vegas, New Orleans and Orlando, Florida,
have added $1.5 billion in costs, CNN reported.
Coffman
said the problem was not any single management team but the VA's
culture.
"VA doesn't have a money problem; it has a
management problem," said Rep. Jeff Miller, R-Florida, chairman of the House
Committee on Veterans Affairs.
Congress regularly
provides the VA with more money. The agency's budget grew from around
$114 billion in 2010 to approximately $154 billion in 2014. Yet
hundreds of millions budgeted for healthcare have gone unspent since 2010,
CNN reported.
The Denver medical center project was
supposed to cost $583 million. A judge agreed with builders,
Kiewit-Turner, that the VA failed to provide a workable design given its budget
and more than $1 billion figure it provided was the more accurate
estimate. Construction now is again underway.
A 2013 GAO
report revealed that the Denver, Las Vegas, New Orleans, and Orlando
projects were delayed by 35 months each in part because of changing VA
policies.
Construction delays have forced the VA to
lease more space. This has already contributed to $34.5 million in
added costs.
The Inspector General found that the
agency stands to mishandle $795 million worth of service contracts over the
next five years, assuming it sticks with its ineffective contract
management systems, according to CNN.
The VA has also
been criticized for costly design add-ons that are unconnected to
delivering health services. At its St. Cloud, Minnesota, hospital, the
agency spent $2.3 million on an energy-saving wind turbine that has never
quite worked.
The VA has also been taken to task
for excessive spending on employee outings, defective computer systems,
superfluous software, and office renovations in a report this year
released by Sen. Tom Coburn, R-Oklahoma, CNN reported.
VA
construction official Gregg Haggstrom said the agency had improved how
it handles construction projects with better cost estimates, more
personnel, and enhanced information technology.
Robert
McDonald, who took over the VA in the wake of this summer's wait time
scandal, has promised to get the agency on track, CNN
reported.
Washington
Office
2443 Rayburn HOB
Washington, D.C. 20515
Phone: (202) 225-7882
Fax: (202) 226-4623
District Office
Cherry Creek Place IV
3300 S. Parker Road, Suite #305
Aurora, CO 80014
Phone: (720) 748-7514
Fax: (720) 748-7680
Unsubscribe
|
Update My Profile
|
Privacy Policy
gateway mail end
