
Dear Friend,
If you, or someone you know, is planning to attend college in the coming year, now is the time to begin thinking about resources available to help with the cost.
On January 1, the Department of Education began accepting the
Free Application for Federal Student Aid
forms.
Completing this set of forms, commonly known as FAFSA, is the first step toward applying for grants, work-study, and educational loans at nearly every university in the country.
The Office of Student Federal Aid offers more than $150 billion annually to help millions of students pay for higher education.
There is no age limit when it comes to applying for federal financial aid, and most students qualify for some form of assistance.
To be eligible, students must be a U.S. citizen or eligible noncitizen and be enrolled in a college or career school.
The amount of financial aid students and parents may receive depends on several factors including:
the cost of the school, the student&rsquo;s enrollment status, and the family&rsquo;s expected financial contribution.
The federal deadline for completing the FAFSA is June 30, but many states and schools have
earlier deadlines &ndash; some as early as February, and many in March.
If you have any questions regarding applying for federal financial aid, please feel free to contact my office at 317-283-6516.
Regards,
Rep. Carson
INSIDE SCOOP:
I feel incredibly honored and humbled to have the opportunity to continue representing the hardworking people of Indianapolis.
Early last week, I was
sworn
in
as a part of the new Congress, and I will continue to work each and every day to bring jobs, economic opportunity and a better future to the middle class.
ICYMI:
Congratulations to the 10 young men and women from Indiana's 7th Congressional District who have been selected as nominees to the United States Service Academies. Their names have been submitted for consideration as members for the academy classes entering in July 2015.
Christopher Allman,
Perry Meridian High School, Air Force, Military, Naval
Clayton Carter,
Perry Meridian High School, Air Force, Military
Cody Donald,
Perry Meridian High School, Air Force, Military, Naval
John Leppert,
Cardinal Ritter High School, Air Force, Military, Naval
Killian Valencia,
Warren Central High School, Air Force
Megan Kinsey,
Noblesville High School, Military
Blake Koppel,
Franklin Central High School, Military
Connor Lynn,
Cardinal Ritter High School, Military
Joseph Below,
Roncalli High School, Naval
Madeline Dunne,
Roncalli High School, Naval
Each U.S. Representative and Senator may have five cadets at each of the four service academies (Naval, Air Force, Military and Merchant Marine) at any one time.
&ldquo;These young people represent some of the best and brightest that Indiana has to offer,&rdquo; said Carson.
&ldquo;These recipients are determined, bright, and passionate individuals who will be outstanding leaders in our nation and our community.&rdquo;
Now you can follow my updates on:
Unsubscribe
Privacy Policy
Washington Office
2453 Rayburn HOB
Washington, D.C. 20515-1407
Phone: 202-225-4011
Fax: 202-225-5633
District Office
300 E Fall Creek Pkwy N Dr. Suite 300
Indianapolis, IN 46205-4258
Phone: 317-283-6516
Fax: 317-283-6567
Are You Uninsured?
#GetCovered!
