DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.0 Transitional//EN" "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml1/DTD/xhtml1-transitional.dtd"
If you are having trouble reading this email,
please view the web version .
My Priorities for this Congress
While the media may focus on disagreement and veto threats, there will be opportunities for the Republican Congress and President Obama to get things done. Ive written a new memo that details some of my priorities for the year. As Chairman of the Energy and Commerce Health Subcommittee, I hope to lead these efforts in the areas of public health and medical innovation. Apart from health, we have to get the federal budget back in order and reduce the massive debt we are pushing on our children and grandchildren. On tax reform and trade, there are opportunities to strengthen the American economy. We need to continue supporting the energy innovation that is fueling growth and putting money in Americans pockets. I also hope that this Congress can make progress towards respecting life here in the United States and protecting human freedom both here at home and across the world. Read the complete memo
HERE.
House Acts to Stop Unilateral Immigration Actions
This week, the House of Representatives passed a long-term bill to fund the Department of Homeland Security. The bill contains a series of amendments to defund the Presidents illegal immigration orders (complete list
HERE .) I voted for all the amendments and the bill. By acting alone, the President undermined any effort to reach a bipartisan agreement on immigration reform. The Constitution grants the President the power to administer the law, not to create it or ignore it. Funding for DHS expires at the end of February. It is now up to the Senate to pass a funding bill and meet with the House to negotiate a compromise to send to the President. Read more in this weeks
OP-ED .
Hire More Heroes Act to Help Veterans
Another bill passed in the first week was the Hire More Heroes Act, H.R. 22, a bill to make it easier for small businesses to hire veterans. The new Obamacare employer mandate requires that any business with at least 50 full-time employees has to offer health insurance, even if many of its workers are already covered. Nine million veterans have care through the Department of Veterans Affairs. If a small business were to hire one of these veterans and go over the Obamacare threshold, they could incur new costs that would probably make them rethink expanding payroll. The bill would make sure that hiring veterans would not put a business over the limit. It passed the House with no objection and should be up in the Senate soon.
Coming Up Next Week
On Tuesday, the President will come to Congress for the annual State of Union address. While I expect many of his proposals to be both partisan and expensive, I hope that he will look for at least a few areas where Republicans and Democrats may be able to work together this year. Wednesday will be the annual March for Life in Washington. For Pennsylvania residents, the Congressional delegation will host a reception. This year, the reception will be in the Russell Senate Office Building. I hope to see you there.
Op-ed of the Week: Not a King
President Barack Obama can crank out all the executive actions he wants, but theyre not going to solve the biggest problems on his agenda. This quote might sound like its coming from a die-hard Republican, but actually it is the lead from a story in the non-partisan Capitol Hill paper Politico.
READ MORE
Facebook
Podcast
Tell Joe Your Opinion
Issues
The 16th District
Ask Joe For Help
The Government
Legislation
Press
About Joe Pitts
Photo Gallery
Please feel free to
forward this email to your friends and family .
Recent Videos
The Tenth Amendment
Rep. Pitts reads the Tenth Amendment as part of the House reading of the U.S. Constitution.
Obamacare and the "Stupidity" of the American Voter
Rep. Pitts highlights remarks from an Obamacare architect who bragged about the law's lack of transparency.
Washington, D.C. Office
420 Cannon House Office Building
Washington, DC 20515
(1st Street and Independence Avenue)
202-225-2411
202-225-2013 (fax)
Chester County Office
Post Office Box 837
Unionville, PA 19375
(Routes 82 and 926)
610-444-4581
610-444-5750 (fax)
Lancaster Office
150 North Queen Street
Suite 716 (7th floor)
Lancaster, PA 17603
717-393-0667
717-393-0924 (fax)
Click Here Click Here