
Tuesday, December 9, 2014
WEBSITE
|
FORWARD TO A FRIEND
| SHARE ON:
Congress Must Act on Immigration Reform
Over 500 days after the Senate passed a bipartisan, comprehensive immigration reform bill, the House has yet to vote on this measure.
Instead, the House spent last week debating another political gimmick rather than addressing this pressing issue in a serious and comprehensive manner.
During this debate, I put forward an amendment that would ensure our nation's immigration system protects families of our military, victims of human trafficking and domestic violence, and Cuban nationals. Unfortunately, this common-sense measure was not adopted.
(Click here to watch Rep. Murphy's remarks offering his amendment on the House floor).
The American people asked for immigration reform, and Congress voted to only partially secure the border and deport dreamers. With the bill passed last week, the House is now looking at ripping apart military families, prosecuting the victims of domestic violence and human trafficking, and sending Cuban refugees back to the brutal hands of the Castro regime. It is beyond disappointing that this is the story of the 113th Congress.
It is extremely unfortunate that partisan gridlock and the continued unproductivity of Congress has forced the President to act.
The only true solution for immigration reform is legislative action.
Congress should have and still can act, and I remain hopeful that in the next Congress, we can come together to address this pressing issue in a serious and comprehensive manner because it is the right thing to do, both morally and economically, for our nation.
IMPORTANT IMMIGRATION SURVEY
Do you support Congress taking legislative action to address immigration reform in a serious and comprehensive manner?
Click here to weigh in.
Feel free to share this newsletter with others who may be interested in staying up-to-date on immigration reform and other issues impacting our community.
To receive future email updates like this one,
click here .
NOTE: Please DO NOT respond to this email as this inbox is unattended. To contact my office please
click here
UPDATE SUBSCRIPTION OPTIONS
|
PRIVACY POLICY
|
CONTACT US
Click Here Click Here