.
[cid:image003.jpg@01D01892.D28F8FA0]
Thanks to Allies in the Fight for D.C. Marijuana Reform
Many thanks to Representatives Jared Polis (D-CO), Sam Farr (D-CA), and Earl Blumenauer (D-OR), who joined me for a press conference
to defend D.C.s right to implement its marijuana legalization initiative, Initiative 71, before the omnibus came out.
In the past, many allies outside of Congress have spoken up, but we are grateful this time that Members of Congress have spoken up, too, throughout this fight.
Blindsided by I-395 Closure Proposal
After learning of a proposal to close a major portion of highway I-395, I immediately requested a meeting
with the D.C. Department of Transportation (DDOT), the Federal Highway Administration (FHWA), and the regional delegation.
As Ranking Member on the House Transportation and Infrastructures Subcommittee on Highways and Transit, Ive worked closely with DDOT and FHWA over the years on road projects, but this is the first time I was blindsided by a proposal to close a busy highway.
After reports of my concern, Mayor Gray and Mayor-elect Muriel Bowser said they would oppose closure.
If I had been consulted early, the options for handling traffic during the repairs could have been presented in an orderly way without panicking the public.
Im not sure now that we will ever learn what the options were.
Celebrating the Historic Transfer of Walter Reed to D.C.
I spoke at the Deed Signing Ceremony
for a portion of the former Walter Reed Army Medical Campus (WRAMC) last Wednesday morning.
Building 18 is the first of several federal property transfers on that land to D.C. that will result in a new mixed-use community in upper Northwest.
I worked for 10 years to ensure that at least 67 acres of the 110-acre WRAMC site would go to the District of Columbia as part of the Base Realignment and Closure (BRAC) process.
Although D.C. initially got a smaller portion, I got the General Service Administration (GSA), in 2010, to declare that a larger portion of the surplus property could go to the District.
Building 18 will soon be demolished to make space for the relocation of the D.C. Fire and Emergency Medical Services Engine Company 22, improving response times for Ward 4.
Commemorating 40- and 50-Year Milestones for D.C. Home Rule and the Civil Rights Act
On Thursday, I was honored and spoke at an event
hosted by the Steering Committee of the District of Columbia Bars D.C. Affairs Section, commemorating the 40th anniversary of D.C. home rule, and the 50th anniversary of the Civil Rights Act.
The event celebrated the progress and future of both pieces of legislation.
I was pleased to be on the panel with an old Student Nonviolent Coordinating Committee buddy, Julian Bond, and Sterling Tucker, former chairman of the Council of the District of Columbia.
Remembering Marion Barry
I spoke
at the funeral for former mayor and Ward 8 councilmember Marion Barry last Saturday.
I was asked to speak about Marions civil rights days, when I first met him. You can watch my remarks by clicking here .
Speaking Up For Unbiased Reporting on Men of Color
Last Thursday, I spoke at a presentation and panel discussion
on negative representations of men of color in the news.
The National Collaborative on Health Equitys Dellums Commission partnered with the Congressional Caucus on Black Men and Boys, which I co-chair with Rep. Danny Davis (D-IL), to host this event, which was prompted by the tragic killings of Michael Brown and Eric Garner.
doctype html
Congresswoman Nortons e-Newsletter
December 15, 2014
Not Accepting the Republican Interpretation of D.C.s Marijuana Legalization Rider in the Omnibus
A marijuana rider passed by the House made it into the final fiscal year 2015 D.C. appropriations bill (omnibus).
The Republican interpretation of the rider was that the language
blocks the implementation of D.C.s marijuana legalization initiative (Initiative 71).
At the Rules Committee, I offered an amendment to strike the rider.
The original rider said that the city could not enact or carry out its marijuana legalization initiative,
but said that D.C. could not enact legalization rules to legalize marijuana.
However, we believe that the law, which was enacted when it passed, is self-executing, so there is nothing further to enact.
It is up to the District to decide which interpretation
to adopt.
Learn more about our interpretation.
See the frequently asked questions (FAQ) page on my website,
www.norton.house.gov/Initiative71 .
Thanks to Allies in the Fight for D.C. Marijuana Reform
Many thanks to Representatives Jared Polis (D-CO), Sam Farr (D-CA), and Earl Blumenauer (D-OR), who joined me for a
press
conference
to defend D.C.s right to implement its marijuana legalization initiative, Initiative 71, before the omnibus came out.
In the past, many allies outside of Congress have
spoken up, but we are grateful this time that Members of Congress have spoken up, too, throughout this fight.
Blindsided by I-395 Closure Proposal
After learning of a proposal to close a major portion of highway I-395, I
immediately
requested a meeting
with the D.C. Department of Transportation (DDOT), the Federal Highway Administration (FHWA), and the regional delegation.
As Ranking Member on the House Transportation
and Infrastructures Subcommittee on Highways and Transit, Ive worked closely with DDOT and FHWA over the years on road projects, but this is the first time I was blindsided by a proposal to close a busy highway.
After reports of my concern, Mayor Gray and
Mayor-elect Muriel Bowser said they would oppose closure.
If I had been consulted early, the options for handling traffic during the repairs could have been presented in an orderly way without panicking the public.
Im not sure now that we will ever learn
what the options were.
Celebrating the Historic Transfer of Walter Reed to D.C.
I spoke at the
Deed
Signing Ceremony
for a portion of the former Walter Reed Army Medical Campus (WRAMC) last Wednesday morning.
Building 18 is the first of several federal property transfers on that
land to D.C. that will result in a new mixed-use community in upper Northwest.
I worked for 10 years to ensure that at least 67 acres of the 110-acre WRAMC site would go to the District of Columbia as part of the Base Realignment and Closure (BRAC) process.
Although D.C. initially got a smaller portion, I got the General Service Administration (GSA), in 2010, to declare that a larger portion of the surplus property could go to the District.
Building 18 will soon be demolished to make space for the relocation
of the D.C. Fire and Emergency Medical Services Engine Company 22, improving response times for Ward 4.
Commemorating 40- and 50-Year Milestones for D.C. Home Rule and the Civil Rights Act
On Thursday, I was honored and
spoke at an event
hosted by the Steering Committee of the District of Columbia Bars D.C. Affairs Section, commemorating the 40 th
anniversary of D.C. home rule, and the 50 th
anniversary of the Civil
Rights Act.
The event celebrated the progress and future of both pieces of legislation.
I was pleased to be on the panel with an old Student Nonviolent Coordinating Committee buddy, Julian Bond, and Sterling Tucker, former chairman of the Council of the
District of Columbia.
Remembering Marion Barry
I spoke
at the funeral for former mayor and Ward 8 councilmember Marion Barry last Saturday.
I was asked to speak about Marions civil rights days, when I first met him. You can watch my remarks by clicking
here .
Speaking Up For Unbiased Reporting on Men of Color
Last Thursday, I spoke at a
presentation
and panel discussion
on negative representations of men of color in the news.
The National Collaborative on Health Equitys Dellums Commission partnered with the Congressional Caucus
on Black Men and Boys, which I co-chair with Rep. Danny Davis (D-IL), to host this event, which was prompted by the tragic killings of Michael Brown and Eric Garner.
Thanks for subscribing!
Follow Congresswoman Norton on
Facebook ,
Twitter ,
Instagram ,
YouTube , or her
website
for more updates.
Capitol Hill Office
2136 Rayburn HOB
Washington, D.C. 20515
Phone: (202) 225-8050
Fax: (202) 225-3002
S.E. District Office
2041 Martin Luther King Jr. Ave., S.E.
Washington, D.C. 20020
Phone: (202) 678-8900
Fax: (202) 678-8844
Main District Office
90 K Street, N.E., Suite 100
Washington DC 20001
Phone: (202) 408-9041
Fax: (202) 408-9048
To unsubscribe from our list, please click here .
