
January 12, 2015
Share this email:
Congressman Griffith's Weekly E-Newsletter 1.12.15
Monday, January 12, 2015
Coal Keeps the Heat On and Food on the Table
Much of the nation
including our region and areas further south
has been dealing with frigid weather.
Several energy companies nationwide asked customers to reduce their electricity consumption for periods of time in order to decrease demand and reduce the potential for power outages.
The Tennessee Valley Authority (TVA) asked their distributors of electricity for voluntary, temporary reductions in energy use.
Some distributors requested their customers, including residential users, reduce their use of electricity on the coldest night so far this year.
I must question TVAs decision to have already closed 8 of their coal-fired power plants.
In fairness, Martinsvilles Electric Department made a similar request of its customers.
I cant help but think back to January 2014.
According to an October 2014
Reuters
article about a report issued by the North American Electric Reliability Corporation (NERC), The U.S. power industry survived its toughest test in years in January [2014] when lights and heaters stayed on even as the polar vortex swept over the country.
But it was a close run thing
In addition to equipment failures such as iced up transformers, frozen valves, etc.,
Reuters
noted, [M]ost new power generating units have been built to burn natural gas.
Unlike coal or oil, gas is not usually stored on site, so generators rely on real-time deliveries from the gas pipeline network.
But with gas consumption also hitting record levels, generators were unable to contract for sufficient volumes and arrange for delivery through an already congested pipeline network.
The increase in gas-fired generation has introduced an unanticipated and dangerous link between the gas and electricity systems - with the risk of common failure.
Reuters
continued, According to NERC, gas supply problems led to losses of 620 MW of generation in the Midwest, 3,300 MW in the Northeast, 11,000 MW in the Middle Atlantic states, 2,000 MW in the Southeast and around 2,000 MW in Texas.
In spite of controversial routes, energy companies are under pressure to build new natural gas pipelines, partly because of the Administrations policies on coal.
While I am not advocating any route, current natural gas infrastructure clearly is insufficient.
You may recall that, in Russell County, Appalachian Power is converting two of the three generating units of the Clinch River Plant from coal-fired to natural gas-fired, shutting down the third unit.
And American Electric Powers plant in Giles Countys Glen Lyn is scheduled to shut down by the end of this year because of new regulations.
International Brotherhood of Electrical Workers President Edwin Hill noted in a
Wall Street Journal
piece last summer that, Ninety percent of the plants slated to close due to the [Environmental Protection Agencys (EPA) Mercury and Air Toxics Standards] rule were needed to provide power during the polar vortex and other periods of severe weather last winter.
Is the EPA willing to gamble that we won't have another harsh winter in the next five years? Hill asked.
Thats not a gamble I am willing to take.
Some may argue that calls for reduced energy consumption are rare, but these calls have now been made two winters in a row.
One of the most reliable sources of energy is coal, and the infrastructure necessary for dependable, affordable coal-generated power is more than 100 years old.
You put the coal on a truck or a train.
Employment Resources
I regularly conduct tele-town halls, and recently held my first of 2015, which included residents of some of the Ninth Districts coal counties.
Many participated and asked a number of thoughtful and important questions.
One question was, what are the retraining opportunities for laid-off miners and workers who put food on the table?
I assured the caller we would alert you all to some possibilities.
First, every community college in our district has workforce specialists who can advise on retraining, etc.
To find a community college near you, visit http://www.servicelocator.org/community_colleges.asp.
The Virginia Employment Commission has local and online training opportunities.
There also are four Workforce Investment Boards in the Ninth District, which help provide a trained and educated workforce.
Visit http://www.servicelocator.org/workforcesystem/default.aspx?loc=VA&amp;lst=2 to find one near you.
The New College Institute (NCI) in Martinsville has a number of programs, including advanced manufacturing and film technologies.
The Virginia Tobacco Commission is developing Centers of Excellence for advanced manufacturing training centers.
They will have offices in Abingdon and Martinsville (NCI), with additional satellites expected in other parts of the Ninth.
My staff and I have developed a packet of information on unemployment assistance, employment training, federal job resources, eligibility for medical assistance programs, loan programs, etc.
To receive this packet, feel free to contact my Abingdon office at 276-525-1405 or my Christiansburg office at 540-381-5671. To reach my office via email, please visit my website at www.morgangriffith.house.gov.
###
Washington, DC Office
1108 Longworth HOB
Washington, D.C. 20515
T (202) 225-3861
F (202) 225-0076
Abingdon Office
323 West Main St.
Abingdon, VA 24210
T (276) 525-1405
F (276) 525-1444
Christiansburg Office
17 West Main St.
Christiansburg, VA 24073
T (540) 381-5671
F (540) 381-5675
UPDATE SUBSCRIPTION OPTIONS
|
PRIVACY POLICY
|
CONTACT US
Click Here Click Here