
BREAKING: Government Shuts Down at MIDNIGHT if Boehner Doesn&rsquo;t Back Down &gt;&gt;
Congress must pass a spending bill to keep our government running before midnight tonight -- but Boehner wants to include a toxic provision that would gut Wall Street Reform and undermine campaign finance laws. Tell Boehner: Don't sell out the middle class to billionaires and special interests! Supporter :
David Johnson
Signature:
PENDING (click here to sign) &gt;&gt;
Sign Your Name &gt;&gt;
David --
Yesterday morning, we learned that Boehner slipped toxic provisions that would gut Wall Street Reform and increase the influence of wealthy donors into the spending deal. It&rsquo;s unacceptable, and Democrats were rightly outraged:
&ldquo;The House is about to vote on a budget deal -- a deal negotiated behind closed doors -- that slips in a provision that would let derivatives traders on Wall Street gamble with taxpayer money.&rdquo; -- Elizabeth Warren
&ldquo;Republicans would multiply ten times the amount of money wealthy individuals can give to a political party. These provisions are destructive to middle class families and to the practice of our democracy.&rdquo; -- Nancy Pelosi
Republicans were hoping this would go unnoticed. They were hoping Democrats would be forced to accept this massive handout to Wall Street and the wealthy in order to avoid shutting down the government.
Well we&rsquo;re not going to stand for it. Tell Boehner you&rsquo;re not going to stand for it either: Sign your name right now to demand Boehner remove these provisions gutting Wall Street Reform &gt;&gt;
Thank you for standing with us,
DCCC
Paid for by the Democratic Congressional Campaign Committee | 430 South Capitol Street SE, Washington, DC 20003 |
(202) 863-1500
| www.dccc.org | Not authorized by any candidate or candidate's committee.
This message was sent to:
dj724530@gmail.com
| If you'd like to sign up for emails in a different account, click
here .
We believe that emails are a crucial way for our campaign to stay in touch with supporters. However, if you'd just like to receive fewer emails, you can click
here .
We are already at work preparing for what's next. Early support will be critical for building our next campaign to defeat Tea Party Republicans. 99% of our contributions come from grassroots donations, with an average gift of $22. If you'd like to unsubscribe from DCCC emails, click
here . If you'd like to make an online donation, click
here . Thanks for your support of Democrats!
