
If you are
having trouble viewing this message or would like to share it on a social
network, you can
view the
message online .
HOME
ABOUT ME
CONTACT ME
SERVING YOU
MEDIA CENTER
OUR DISTRICT
RESOURCES
February 02, 2015
Response to President Obama's 2015
Budget
Click here to read an article from the
Wall Street
Journal
detailing President Obama's budget
proposal.
Each year the President brings us a budget that increases
spending, raises taxes and seeks trillions upon trillions of new debt
upon our nation. If the Republican-led House had agreed to these budgets,
our federal government would be 20% larger today. This year's
proposal from the President seeks to double down on those ideas and serves as
a massive expansion of government that would lead to greater
dependency upon a bloated and ineffective Washington
bureaucracy.
With our nation already $18 trillion in
debt and counting, the President's budget proposes another $8.5 trillion
in deficits that will push our debt to well over $26 trillion in the
next 10 years, slowing our economy and leaving the next generation with
a legacy of higher taxes and less opportunity. I appreciate the
President putting forward his vision for our country, but it is not one
that the American people can afford or one that I can
support.
We must work together, Democrats and
Republicans, to balance our budget by holding the line on spending increases,
reforming programs, and reducing the size of government. A leaner, more
efficient and effective government is a key component of strengthening
our economy and creating a prosperous future for every
American.
Happy
Kansas Day
The Mural of John Brown
featured in the Kansas State Capitol in Topeka.
Last
Thursday, we celebrated the 154th anniversary of Kansas Day. In April of
1860, the House of Representatives passed HR 23, admitting Kansas to the
Union as a free state. The bill stalled in the Senate for several
months because of the opposition from slave-state Senators. However, as
those states seceded from the Union and those Senators vacated their
seats, the Senate was finally able to pass the bill and on January 29,
1861, Kansas became the 34th state admitted to the Union.
Kansas ABLE Act
Congressman Yoder testifying before the Children and Seniors Committee as
Jonathan, Rachel, and Jawanda Mast (left) look on.
In
December, Congress passed and President Obama signed into law the
Achieving a Better Life Experience
(ABLE) Act . This new law creates ABLE savings accounts in the tax
code, similar to the college savings accounts in Section 529, which will
better equip families with children with developmental disabilities to
prepare their children for an independent future. The law encourages
saving by exempting up to $14,000 per year in these accounts from
counting against Medicaid eligibility.
I was glad to spend
Kansas Day back at the State Capitol in Topeka. I was testifying on
behalf of the Kansas ABLE Act, which would outline the structure and
maintenance of ABLE savings accounts in Kansas. These accounts will
benefit many Americans like Rachel Mast of Olathe, who also did an amazing
job testifying before the committee. I hope Kansas, led by the bill's
lead sponsor in the legislature, State Rep. Erin Davis, will become the
first state in the nation to set up these accounts.
Click
here to read an article at the Kansas Health Institute's website about
the hearing.
Head Start PROMISE
Award
Congressman Yoder
addressing the Winter Leadership Institute Breakfast after receiving the
PROMISE Award.
I was proud to be one of the nine
Members of Congress awarded the inaugural National Head Start Association's
Protecting Opportunities for our Most Important Students Early
(PROMISE) Award for my work to support Head Start programs. This was my
second Head Start-related award, having received the Head Start Kansas
State Childrens Champion Award from the Region VII Head Start
Association in Kansas City in 2012.
However, the real heroes of
early childhood education are the teachers who make sure that all
children have the opportunity to see their dreams become reality. Ive seen
firsthand at schools in my district that Head Start is a vital program
that invests in our childrens future by providing them an avenue to a
good education that may not be there otherwise.
As a member
of the Appropriations Committee, which oversees all federal funding
for Head Start, Ive worked hard to show my colleagues the value of
early childhood education, so that it remains a top priority.
Additionally, I frequently visit Head Start programs and centers throughout
the Third District, reading to students and visiting with parents and
administrators. In October during Head Start Awareness month, children
and teachers from Growing Futures Early Education Center, formally
known as Head Start of Shawnee Mission, visited and delivered their art
work to my office in Overland Park.
Some of the programs I
have visited include:
Growing Futures Early Education
Center
Olathe Head Start
Successful Beginnings Wyandotte County
Head Start
Project Eagle Head
Start
Military Academy Nominees Reception
Congressman Yoder with Kenneth Englert and his parents,
Paul and Lisa Englert, from Shawnee.
It was an honor
to meet all of the family members of this year's class of students I
nominated for the US Service Academies. These nominees are outstanding
individuals who I am sure will represent the Third Congressional
District well if they are chosen for admission into the academies. I wish
them the best of luck in this process, and thank them for their courage
to answer the call of service to our great nation in our
military.
Congressman Yoder with Chenxi Yao and
her mother, Yinxiu Yao, from Olathe.
If you are
interested in applying for a nomination in the future, you should contact my
District Office to request a Nomination Packet. The deadline for the
application is October 1, 2015. You may contact Susan Metsker
913-621-0832 to receive a packet or ask any questions. You may also
visit my website for more
information.
You must be 17 years of
age and be able to show proof of residency in the Third District to
apply for and receive a Congressional Nomination to a U.S. Service
Academy.
Ideally, an interested
student should begin his or her application by contacting the Academy(s)
of their choice and by contacting my office during the second
semester of their junior year.
Additionally, you can contact the
Academy and my office throughout the summer leading to your senior year for
help throughout the process.
Combatting Human
Trafficking
Many Americans would be surprised
to learn that human trafficking is happening right here at home. It is
estimated that in the United States alone, human trafficking is a
$9.8 billion industry affecting 300,000 children. That makes it the
fastest-growing form of organized crime and third-largest criminal
enterprise in the world. Sadly, the average age of a girl who becomes a victim
is between 12 and 14. I have met with leaders in Kansas City who have
discussed the real affects human trafficking has on our community. It
is truly horrible.
This is an issue we can all
agree needs to be addressed. That is why, with my support, the House
is acted last week to pass a series of bills addressing the prevention
of this crime and the recovery of its victims.
Click on the
links in the
Weekly Legislative Wrap Up
sidebar to
the right for more information on the bills we
passed.
House Passes
Another Jobs Bill
Last week, with my support the
House passed HR 351, the LNG Permitting Certainty and Transparency Act.
This bill is yet another commonsense, bipartisan solution that will open
the door for the creation of thousands of jobs. It brings certainty
to the Department of Energys export approval process and helps
eliminate unnecessary bureaucratic delays that have held up construction of
LNG export projects.
Meeting with Community Bankers
On
Thursday, I hosted a great roundtable with some of our local community
bankers here in Kansas to listen to their thoughts and concerns about
policies coming from Washington that affect their ability to lend to
small business and families in our community. Unnecessary and
over-burdensome rules coming from Dodd-Frank, have made it harder on these
local banks, drowning them in paperwork and regulations.
To create
jobs and grow our economy we must work together to solve these
concerns, so that these small local banks have the freedom and ability to lend
to local businesses and hard working families in our
community.
Fact of the Week
The Head
Start Program is celebrating its 50th anniversary since being launched
by President Lyndon Johnsons Office of Economic Opportunity in 1965.
As of 2013 in Kansas, 8,130 enrollees are supported by a little over
$56 million in funding annually.
Legislative Week
Ahead
MONDAY, FEBRUARY
2ND
H.R. 361
-
Medical Preparedness Allowable Use
Act
H.R. 615
- Department of
Homeland Security Interoperable Communications
Act
H.R. 623
- Social Media
Working Group Act of
2015
TUESDAY, FEBRUARY 3RD
H.R. 596
- To repeal the Patient
Protection and Affordable Care Act and health care-related provisions in the
Health Care and Education Reconciliation Act of
2010.
WEDNESDAY, FEBRUARY
4TH
H.R. 50
-
Unfunded Mandates Information and Transparency Act of
2015
THURSDAY, FEBRUARY
5TH
H.R. 527
- Small Business Regulatory Flexibility Improvements Act of
2015
Weekly Legislative Wrap Up
MONDAY,
JANUARY 26TH
H.R.
514
Human Trafficking Prioritization Act
PASSED BY
VOICE VOTE (YES)
H.R. 515
International Megan's Law to Prevent
Demand for Child Sex Trafficking
PASSED BY VOICE VOTE
(YES)
H.R. 357
Human Trafficking Prevention Act
PASSED BY VOICE VOTE (YES)
H.R. 468
Enhancing Services for
Runaway and Homeless Victims of Youth Trafficking Act
PASSED BY
VOICE VOTE
(YES)
TUESDAY, JANUARY
27TH
H.R. 350
Human Trafficking
Prevention, Intervention, and Recovery Act
PASSED BY VOICE VOTE
(YES)
H.R. 159
Stop Exploitation Through Trafficking
Act
PASSED BY VOICE VOTE
(YES)
H.R. 285
SAVE Act
PASSE D BY VOICE VOTE
(YES)
H.R. 181
Justice for Victims of Trafficking Act
PASSED BY VOICE VOTE
(YES)
H.R. 460
Human Trafficking
Detection Act
PASSED BY VOICE VOTE
(YES)
H.R.
469
Strengthening Child Welfare Response to Trafficking Act
PASSED 410
0
(YES)
H.R. 246
"To improve the
response to victims of child sex trafficking."
PASSED 411
0
(YES)
H.R. 398
Trafficking Awareness Training for
Health Care Act
PASSED BY VOICE VOTE
(YES)
WEDNESDAY, JANUARY
28TH
H.R. 351
LNG Permitting Certainty and Transparency Act
PASSED 277
133
(YES)
Staff Community Office Hours
My staff can assist
you from 8:00 AM - 5:00 PM, Monday through Friday in my Overland Park
Office. They can help with any issues or concerns, as well as to
provide assistance with federal agencies and programs, including Veterans'
Affairs, Medicare, Social Security, Passports, and
Visas.
Also, we periodically have Staff Community Office Hours throughout
the district. If you are unable to visit my office, please consider
coming to the following location if it is more convenient for
you:
11:30 AM - 1:00 PM on February 27
Olathe Library
Indian Creek Branch
12990 S. Black
Bob Road
Olathe, Kansas 66062
Tell a
Friend
E-mail:
E-mail:
E-mail:
Please click below to follow me on Twitter, Facebook, Instagram and
YouTube.
Washington, DC
215 Cannon
HOB
Washington, DC 20515
Phone: (202) 225-2865
Hours:
Monday-Friday
9:00AM -6:00PM EST
Overland
Park
7325 W. 79th St.
Overland Park, KS
66204
Phone: (913) 621-0832
Fax: (913) 621-1533
Hours: Monday-Friday
8:00AM -5:00PM CST
Unsubscribe
|
Update My Profile
|
Privacy
Policy
gateway mail end
