
Jan
9
News From Senator Ayotte's Office
Dear Friends,
Like you, I was deeply saddened by the horrific terrorist attacks this week in France. My thoughts and prayers are with the French people and those who have been affected by these attacks, and we stand with them as they fight these evil Islamist terrorists who have no respect for life.
We do not yet know all of the details regarding who conducted this attack, but initial reports suggest links to Yemen, the home of al Qaeda in the Arabian Peninsula.
Since last year, I have been fighting to ensure that the administration does not transfer or release any Guantanamo detainees to Yemen because of the country's instability and al Qaeda's prolific presence there.
I am deeply concerned about the threats that the U.S. and our allies face from radical Islamist terrorists, including thousands of Europeans and some Americans who have traveled to Iraq and Syria to fight with ISIS. In order to stop future attacks and to prevent foreign fighters from returning to Europe or coming to the U.S. to conduct attacks, we must gather the intelligence necessary to protect our nation and save lives.
Also this week, I was pleased to announce that I will serve as the Chair of the Senate Armed Services Subcommittee on Readiness and Management Support. As Chair of this important subcommittee, I will fight to ensure that our troops, their families, and the DoD civilians who support them have the training and resources they need. I will also focus on cutting wasteful Pentagon spending and advocating for Portsmouth Naval Shipyard and Pease Air National Guard Base- which are critical national security assets. I will also chair the Senate Commerce Subcommittee on Aviation, Operations, Safety, and Security and will advocate for a safer and more efficient air traffic system that will help grow New Hampshire's economy.
In New Hampshire on Monday, I held public town hall meetings in Charlestown and Richmond. I appreciated the time that citizens took to listen and ask questions on several topics - including health care, supporting our veterans, energy policy, and Social Security. See below for news coverage about my Sullivan County town hall meeting.
Please scroll down for more news of the week, including legislation I reintroduced to improve export assistance programs for small businesses in the state as well as legislation to protect the rights of New Hampshire's motorcycle riders.
Have a great weekend, and go Pats!
Ayotte Discusses Terrorist Attack in France
Senator Ayotte was on
Fox News
this week to discuss the horrific terrorist attack in Paris, France which killed 12 people. Ayotte stressed that in order to stop future attacks and to prevent foreign fighters from returning to Europe or coming to the U.S. to conduct attacks, we must gather the intelligence necessary to protect our nation and save lives.
Town Hall Meetings in Sullivan and Cheshire Counties
Ayotte: Let's Solve Problems
By Nora Doyle-Burr Valley News
January 6, 2015
Charlestown - U.S. Sen. Kelly Ayotte, R-N.H., long an opponent of the Affordable Care Act, said Monday she is optimistic about prospects for amendments to improve it in the Republican-controlled Congress this year.
During a town hall-style meeting at the Charlestown Veterans of Foreign Wars post, Ayotte told a 30-person crowd that there are some changes to the health care law that President Obama is likely to veto, but there are others that would be of "bipartisan concern."
The first-term senator, who is up for re-election in 2016, said she would support changes, such as altering the definition of a full-time employee from one who works 30 hours per week to one who works 40 hours per week, expanding the network of health care providers where insurance bought on New Hampshire's exchange might be applied and reducing a tax on medical devices that she said would affect businesses such as Smith Medical in Keene, N.H.
She said she hopes that she, along with the new Republican majority in the Senate, can play a role in making such changes.
"If there's a problem I can solve, I will," she said.
Read more.
Senator Ayotte welcoming Cheshire County residents to her town hall meeting in Richmond where she provided an updated on our country's fiscal situation and took questions from area residents.
Ayotte Renews Support for Bipartisan Bill to Restore 40 Hour Work Week
Senator Ayotte is again backing bipartisan legislation to provide relief from the health care law to New Hampshire small businesses and employees by restoring the traditional 40-hour work week. Currently, the health care law defines a full-time employee as one who works at least 30 hours a week. Last Congress, Senator Ayotte cosponsored The Forty Hours is Full-Time Act, which was re-introduced in the Senate yesterday by Senator Susan Collins (R-ME) and Senator Joe Donnelly (D-IN).
"I have heard from employees in New Hampshire who have had their hours cut and employers who have been forced to delay hiring and reduce work hours as a result of the law's complicated and costly employer mandate," said Senator Ayotte. "This bipartisan legislation would ensure that we address the issue of employees seeing their hours reduced below 30 per week by restoring the 40 hour work week-the number of hours traditionally seen as the standard for full-time employment. Making this change will allow New Hampshire businesses greater ability to grow and thrive."
Read more.
New Hampshire Senators Reintroduce Bipartisan Bill to Support NH Small Business Exporters
On the first day of the 114th Congress, Senator Ayotte and Senator Shaheen reintroduced the Small Business Export Growth Act, bipartisan legislation that supports small businesses and helps them capitalize on export opportunities by removing red tape and improving federal export assistance programs. The New Hampshire Senators originally crafted the legislation in response to industry feedback at their
2011 Small Business Committee field hearing .
"New Hampshire small businesses can grow and create more jobs by exporting goods and services overseas, and our bipartisan legislation would improve coordination between regulatory agencies and reduce obstacles faced by small businesses seeking to boost export opportunities," said Ayotte, who is rejoining the Small Business Committee. "This is a common sense measure that will help small business owners better navigate the complexities of exporting their products so they can better compete in the global marketplace."
The Small Business Export Growth Act specifically works to improve the coordination between federal and state agencies and expands outreach efforts to better inform small businesses about federal resources and export opportunities.
Read more.
Ayotte Helps Reintroduce Legislation to Protect Rights of Motorcycle Riders
Senator Ayotte joined Senator Shaheen, Senator Ron Johnson (R-WI), Senator Joe Manchin (D-WV), and Senator Susan Collins (R-ME) this week reintroducing bipartisan legislation that would prohibit the National Highway Traffic Safety Administration (NHTSA) from issuing grants to states for motorcycle-only checkpoints. The NHTSA initiated the Motorcycle Law Enforcement Demonstration Program in 2009, which provided states with funds to conduct discriminatory, motorcycle-only checkpoints where riders are specifically targeted by police to check that their vehicles meet state standards for noise, handlebar length, tire condition and a range of other legal requirements.
"Motorcycles are an integral part of New Hampshire's recreation and economy, and today we renew our opposition to the use of federal funds to pay for discriminatory motorcycle-only checkpoints," said Senator Ayotte. "Motorcyclists shouldn't be unfairly targeted just because they're driving a motorcycle and not a car, and our bipartisan bill would protect the rights of motorcyclists to abide by the same laws as other motor vehicles."
Read more.
Photos of the Week
With Charlestown VFW Commander Tom St. Pierre at the Sullivan County town hall on Monday.
Thank you for hosting!
With Senator Jerry Little who attended the Charlestown town hall meeting.
Warm Regards,
Kelly Ayotte
United States Senator
Email Kelly
Manchester Office
1200 Elm Street, Suite 2
Manchester, NH 03101 Phone:
603-622-7979
Nashua Office
144 Main Street
Nashua, NH 03060 Phone:
603-880-3335
North Country Office 19 Pleasant Street, Suite 13B
Berlin, NH 03570 Phone:
603-752-7702 Fax:
603-752-7704
Portsmouth Office
14 Manchester Square, Ste 140
Portsmouth, NH 03801 Phone:
603-436-7161
Washington, DC
144 Russell Senate Office Building
Washington, DC 20510
Phone:
202-224-3324
Email Kelly
|
ayotte.senate.gov
|
Unsubscribe
