
December 8, 2014
Dear Friends,
I would like to share this week&rsquo;s edition of Jackie&rsquo;s Reading Picks, a compilation of articles that have piqued my interest over the week. You can find this week&rsquo;s selection and others on my website in the
Jackie&rsquo;s Reading Picks
section.
Happy reading!
All the best,
Crime and Punishment
By Charles M. Blow, NY Times
One thing the grand jury decision in Ferguson, Mo., has sent back to the surface is just how difficult it is to have cross-racial discussions about crime and punishment in this country. That is largely because, perceptually and experientially, we live in vastly different worlds, worlds in which phrases like &ldquo;bad choices,&rdquo; &ldquo;personal responsibility&rdquo; and &ldquo;tailspin of culture&rdquo; must battle for primacy with &ldquo;structural inequity,&rdquo; &ldquo;systemic bias&rdquo; and &ldquo;culture of oppression.&rdquo;
Let&rsquo;s begin to unpack this by pointing to what the data say about our distortions of perception when it comes to crime.
Read more
here .
How Silicon Valley Created America's Largest Homeless Camp
By Alexia Fern&aacute;ndez Campbell and Reena Flores, National Journal
Living in "The Jungle" means learning to live in fear. Especially after dark, when some people get violent. The 68-acre homeless camp in South San Jose is considered the largest in the United States. It's a lawless place.
"When something goes wrong, you have to have some kind of backup," says Troy Feid, pulling out a machete that he carries up his sleeve at night. "Just having it says 'Don't mess with me.' "
Feid, an unemployed union carpenter, lives in a fortress of netting and plastic tarp with a cat named Baby. He's one of the 278 people who've claimed a spot in the thicket of cottonwood trees along Coyote Creek. He first moved here four years ago when he ran out of work.
Read more
here .
How A Disgraced College Chain Trapped Its Students In Poverty
By Molly Hensley-Clancy, Buzzfeed
Not long ago, Amber Brown, a student at Everest University, saw an article on Facebook about one of the many lawsuits against her school. The story, she wrote to BuzzFeed News, &ldquo;dumbfounded&rdquo; her: It mentioned former students facing mountains of debt for their degrees, but that didn&rsquo;t seem to apply to her. Brown believed that she was &ldquo;on a 100% Pell Grant through the government&rdquo; and didn&rsquo;t owe a cent.
Everest even paid for her books and her laptop, she wrote, and sent her a stipend check every semester. &ldquo;Will I have to pay this back or am I one of the few students being treated genuinely by Everest University?&rdquo; she asked.
In reality, most of what Brown believed to be a Pell Grant was actually loans: A review of documents she provided showed she owes more than $26,000.
Read more
here .
Your Almond Habit Is Sucking California Dry
By Tom Philpott, Mother Jones
California farmers will reap a record 2.1 billion pounds of almonds this year, the USDA estimates&mdash;about three times as much as they did in 2000. That's great news for the world's growing horde of almond eaters, because the state's groves supply 80 percent of the global harvest. As this chart shows, California has been planting more and more almonds over the past two decades.
But in the long term, the almond boom may prove bad news for everyone who relies on California's farms for sustenance. You might have heard that the state, supplier of half of US-grown produce, is locked in its worst drought on record. Meanwhile, it takes 1.1 gallons of water to produce a single almond, as my colleagues Alex Park and Julia Lurie have shown. You don't have to scramble to figure how many almonds make up 2.1 billion pounds to realize that that's a hell of a lot of water.
Read more
here .
As Snow Fades, California Ski Resorts Are Left High and Very Dry
By John Branch, NY Times
At ski areas up and down the jagged peaks of the Sierra Nevada, where California&rsquo;s drought has hit historic proportions and the broader threat of climate change hangs heavy over an industry built on optimism, the man-made snow is flying.
A couple of resorts have managed to open a few runs. But beyond the occasional strip of white, the mountains remain mostly bare.
&ldquo;From a business perspective, I&rsquo;m a farmer,&rdquo; said John Rice, general manager of Sierra-at-Tahoe, a ski area south of Lake Tahoe. Last week, he had a small pile of man-made snow, a mountain of naked runs and a hope to open in early December. &ldquo;I&rsquo;m not in the ski business,&rdquo; Mr. Rice said. &ldquo;I farm snow.&rdquo;
Read more
here .
Unsubscribe
Washington D.C. Office
2465 Rayburn House Office Building
Washington, DC 20515
Phone: (202) 225-3531
Fax: (202) 226-4183
San Mateo Office
155 Bovet Road, Suite 780
San Mateo, CA 94402
Phone: (650) 342-0300
Fax: (650) 375-8270
Click Here
to be removed from this list
