
If you are having trouble
viewing this message or would like to share it on a social network, you can
view the message
online .
Home
Contact Me
About
Services
News
Issues
December 21, 2014
Dear
David,
It's the holiday season and I hope you
are getting to spend time with family and enjoy whatever traditions you
celebrate this time of year. If you haven't had a chance to see it
yet, please take a minute and
watch my Christmas
holiday video .
One of the things I enjoy most
is visiting schools, classrooms, and interacting with students and
teachers. Thursday was my 27th school visit of the year -- I visited Mr.
Herring's American Government class at Orono High School. The students
asked great questions and it was a pleasure updating them on what I'm
working on.
Lastly, with the end of the year and the 113th
Congress coming to conclusion, I thought it would be a good time to share
the number of services my office conducted in 2014. Whether it is
answering a letter or email, helping a Minnesotan with a government
agency, or providing a tour of the Capitol in Washington, my staff is here
to serve you.
Click here
to see a breakdown of
this year's services.
Please contact me if I can be of help
to you or your family in any way. Join the conversation online by
visiting my
website ,
Facebook
page ,
Twitter , and don't forget to watch my
weekly video,
Erik's Correspondence
Corner .
Sincerely,
Erik
Paulsen
Member of Congress
Protecting Victims of Military
Sexual Assault
Sexual assault is a horrific crime that takes an
extreme mental, physical, and emotional toll on its victims. Sexual
assault also happens in the military and it's essential that those
military members who are assaulted are afforded the care and
counseling they need in order to recover. Under current law, a Minnesota
National Guard member is not eligible to access Special Victim Counsel
(SVC) services if the victim was not assaulted while on duty. These
services can be valuable for victims in the aftermath of a sexual assault.
However, a bill I supported to allow all National Guard and Reserve
servicemembers to access SVC services was included in legislation that
passed both bodies of Congress and was signed into law by the
President. This will provide our troops more resources to overcome the
toll of a sexual assault.
Ambassador to
Norway Still Needed
Earlier this year,
I led a letter as co-chair of the Norway Caucus
asking the
President to withdraw his nomination of George Tsunis to be the United States
Ambassador to Norway. Our relationship with Norway is important --
for Minnesota as well as the United States. Yet, Mr. Tsunis, a
fundraiser for the President, gave embarrassing testimony before a
Senate Committee evaluating his nomination, where he misstated basic
facts about the Norwegian government and its culture that became the
punchline for many late-night comedians' jokes.
Fortunately,
Mr. Tsunis' nomination was not considered and has now been withdrawn.
This provides the President with the opportunity to nominate someone
that will grow the relationship between our two countries and serve with
honor and respect.
Erik at the White House
Christmas Party with his Aunt Barb as his
guest.
Congressman Paulsen
filming a holiday greeting that will air on the American Forces
Network for troops stationed around the
world.
Erik and Koko out hunting
for pheasants.
###
Unsubscribe
|
Update My Profile
|
Privacy Policy
gateway mail end
