DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.0 Transitional//EN" "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml1/DTD/xhtml1-transitional.dtd"
Email Newsletter
Recently in Washington
Last Wednesday, the House passed H.R. 351, the LNG Permitting Certainty and Transparency Act, by a vote of 277-133.
The bill requires the Department of Energy to issue its final decision on applications to export liquid natural gas within 30 days after the conclusion of the environmental review.
The House also passed 12 bills designed to reduce human trafficking by boosting resources for law enforcement while providing support for victims.
Simpson Reaffirms Commitment to Stopping EPA Water Grab
Idaho Congressman Mike Simpson has signed on as an original cosponsor of H.R. 594, the Waters of the United States Regulatory Overreach Protection Act, which would support the existing partnership between states and the federal government by preventing the Environmental Protection Agency (EPA) and the Army Corps of Engineers from redefining waters of the United States under the Clean Water Act. This bill addresses widespread concerns with the EPA proposed rule expanding its jurisdiction over water throughout the country. Congressman Simpson was also a cosponsor of this legislation when it passed the House of Representatives in the 113th Congress.
This bill responds to some of the most troubling aspects of the EPAs efforts to expand its jurisdiction, said Simpson. The EPA initially claimed that its rule would provide clarity and flexibility, unfortunately this is not the case. Idahoans have serious concerns about how the EPA may decide to interpret this rule in the future, thus causing even more uncertainty than they have now.
The Waters of the United States Regulatory Overreach Protection Act expands on the achievements of House Republicans in the FY15 Cromnibus bill which included provisions restricting the application of the Clean Water Act in certain agricultural areas, such as soil and water conservation practices, from regulation.
This bill recognizes that the EPAs proposed rule undoes many existing and successful partnerships for cleaning up and maintaining our waterways, whether those are partnerships between farmers, ranchers, and conservationists or local, state, and federal governments, said Simpson. I think its an arrogant assumption on the part of the EPA to say that they alone should have such authority over every drop of water across the country.
Simpson has long been a leader on this issue. As Chairman of the House Energy and Water Appropriations Subcommittee, he included similar language in the FY2015 House Energy and Water Appropriations Act and authored language in the FY2015 House Interior and Environment Appropriations Act to prohibit the agencies from finalizing the proposed rule.
Simpson and Kelly Introduce Dental Health Bill
Legislation Encourages Early Care, Reduces Costs to Health Care System and Provides Individuals with Opportunity to Trade Dental Services for Community Service
Idaho Congressman Mike Simpson, alongside Congresswoman Robin Kelly (IL-02), has co-introduced H.R. 539, the Action for Dental Health Act of 2015. This legislation will target relatively modest but crucial federal dollars to organizations to provide proven oral health care services in a manner that effectively addresses the barriers to dental care that people often face. Without spending any additional dollars, the bill would have a significant impact on communities that are underserved.
Early diagnosis, intervention and preventive treatments can stop the progress of most oral diseases, said Simpson. Not only do individuals often suffer from severe pain, but it also adds unnecessary costs to the health care delivery system, costs that could have been minimized or eliminated had the disease been caught in its early stages.
Regular visits to the dentist do more than keep your smile attractive
they can tell a lot about your overall health, including whether or not you may be developing a disease like diabetes or if youre at risk for a stroke, said Kelly. Our bill helps to create healthier communities by breaking down barriers to oral healthcare and will ultimately help reduce unnecessary healthcare costs by minimizing and eliminating dental diseases in their early stages.
H.R. 539 redirects existing federal dollars to initiatives that have a real impact on dental access disparities. It includes programs that reduce the number of people who visit emergency rooms by diverting them to private dental practices, where in some cases they can repay the cost of their care with community service activates, expansion of care in nursing homes and for the elderly, support of charitable organizations, improving collaboration with health professionals, and several other provisions.
The bill has been referred to the House Committee on Energy and Commerce.
Simpson Joins House Effort to End Trafficking
Idaho Congressman Mike Simpson supported a House package of 12 bills to protect those most at risk to human and sex trafficking in the United States and abroad. The legislation would build on the bipartisan efforts of last Congress by boosting resources to our law enforcement officers and providing support to the victims of trafficking crimes.
Many Americans think that human trafficking is a chapter from our past. Unfortunately these crimes are real and too often occur here in the U.S., said Simpson. By passing these important bills we are prioritizing resources within the leading agencies that deal with these heinous crimes.
According to the FBI, sex trafficking is the fastest growing organized crime and the third largest criminal enterprise in the world. The numbers are sobering; an estimated 293,000 American youth are currently at risk of becoming victims of commercial sexual exploitation, and 100,000 children are believed to be actual victims of trafficking every year in the United States. 17,500 people are believed to be trafficked into the United States each year from other countries; while between 600,000 and 800,000 people are trafficked worldwide.
Most trafficking is related to sexual exploitation, and most trafficked persons are female.
Several of the bills passed in the House package take aim at putting an end to this by restricting the passports of people convicted of sex crimes in other countries, increasing training among State Department employees so they are better equipped to identify and protect victims, and encouraging states to adopt safe harbor laws and protect the victims of these horrific crimes.
All 12 bills will now head to the Senate for consideration.
Floor Schedule
MONDAY, FEBRUARY 2ND
On Monday, the House will meet at 12:00 p.m. for morning hour and 2:00 p.m. for legislative business. Votes will be postponed until 6:30 p.m.
Legislation Considered Under Suspension of the Rules:
1)
H.R. 361
- Medical Preparedness Allowable Use Act
(Sponsored by Rep. Gus Bilirakis / Homeland Security Committee)
2)
H.R. 615
- Department of Homeland Security Interoperable Communications Act
(Sponsored by Rep. Donald Payne / Homeland Security Committee)
3)
H.R. 623
- Social Media Working Group Act of 2015
(Sponsored by Rep. Susan Brooks / Transportation and Infrastructure Committee / Homeland Security Committee)
TUESDAY, FEBRUARY 3RD
On Tuesday, the House will meet at 10:00 a.m. for morning hour and 12:00 p.m. for legislative business.
H.R. 596
- To repeal the Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act and health care-related provisions in the Health Care and Education Reconciliation Act of 2010, and for other purposes (Subject to a Rule)
(Sponsored by Rep. Bradley Byrne / Energy and Commerce Committee / Education and the Workforce Committee / Ways and Means Committee / Judiciary Committee / Natural Resources Committee / Rules Committee / House Administration Committee / Appropriations Committee / Budget Committee)
WEDNESDAY, FEBRUARY 4TH
On Wednesday, the House will meet at 10:00 a.m. for morning hour and 12:00 p.m. for legislative business.
H.R. 50
- Unfunded Mandates Information and Transparency Act of 2015, Rules Committee Print (Subject to a Rule)
(Sponsored by Rep. Virginia Foxx / Oversight and Government Reform Committee)
THURSDAY, FEBRUARY 5TH
On Thursday, the House will meet at 9:00 a.m. for legislative business. Last votes expected no later than 3:00 p.m.
H.R. 527
- Small Business Regulatory Flexibility Improvements Act of 2015, Rules Committee Print (Subject to a Rule)
(Sponsored by Rep. Steve Chabot / Judiciary Committee)
FRIDAY, FEBRUARY 6TH
On Friday, the House may meet in pro forma session.
Contact Mike
Issues
Other News
MEDIA CENTER
Treasure Valley Math and Science Center Advances to the National Science Bowl Finals
If you are having trouble reading this message, try viewing the
web version
BIOGRAPHY
|
NEWS CENTER
|
ISSUES
|
SERVICES FOR YOU
|
2ND DISTRICT
|
CONTACT
Click Here Click Here