Click here to view this message in your browser.
Websi te
|
Biography
|
Constituent Services
|
The 16th District
|
Press Room
|
Committees
|
Contact
Dear Friends,
As the 113th Congress comes to a close, I want to share some of our successes over the past two years as well as issues that I will continue to focus on as the U.S. House of Representatives prepares for the 114th Congress.
In my view, the passage of the Farm Bill was one of the greatest accomplishments in the 113th Congress. Not only did the legislation secure important funding and programs for farmers, ranchers and dairymen throughout the Valley, but it demonstrated that Congress can put partisan interests aside for the greater good of our country. Although the bill is not perfect, it was a good faith compromise that protects families and seniors while maintaining the support America&rsquo;s farmers need to feed our nation. It took a long time to come to a compromise, but Congress can learn from the negotiating process we went through to pass the Farm Bill.
Additionally, two bills that I sponsored and strongly advocated for were passed and signed by the President. H.R. 3607, the Victims of Child Abuse Reauthorization Act of 2013, will provide funding for children&rsquo;s advocacy centers and the development and implementation of multi-disciplinary child abuse investigations and prosecution programs.
The funding will provide those who protect and advocate for our children with the tools necessary to help survivors of child abuse.
H.R. 678, the
Hydropower Development and Rural Jobs Act that I sponsored with Rep. Scott Tipton (R-CO), also became law. Every day, water flows thousands of miles across this nation in Bureau of Reclamation projects like canals, pipelines, and ditches, but because of regulatory barriers we miss opportunities to maximize its potential. My bill streamlines the path for development of small hydropower on these projects, which will create rural jobs and modernize the nation&rsquo;s water infrastructure.
Of the many notable accomplishments that took place in the past two years, I think the inception of the Central Valley Honor Flight (CV Honor Flight) is a milestone for which the entire Valley can be proud. Al Perry, President of the CV Honor Flight, and his team have given hundreds of World War II veterans the &ldquo;Welcome Home&rdquo; some never received when the war ended. The CV Honor Flight has made five trips to Washington, and for many of the veterans, they are touring our nation&rsquo;s capital for the very first time.
The WWII veterans who participate in the Honor Flight are our nation&rsquo;s heroes, and it has been a true privilege to be a part of their Tour of Honor. I look forward to their continued visits to Washington, D.C.
Earlier this year, the Fresno Economic Opportunities Commission (Fresno EOC) and the Women, Infants, and Children (WIC) program celebrated their 40 year partnership. I was thrilled to present them with a Congressional Resolution to recognize them for the outstanding services they provide to children and residents throughout our San Joaquin Valley. In order for the Fresno EOC to continue their good work we
must ensure that the Community Services Block Grant Act is passed.
The bipartisan legislation will reauthorize the Community Services Block Grant (CSBG) program and modernize local efforts to reduce poverty and economic insecurity by encouraging innovative, community based solutions to address local challenges and spur economic development. Reauthorizing CSBG will be one of my priorities in the 114th Congress.
In April, I had the privilege of presenting the Madera Community Action Partnership (Madera CAP) with the Ed Stout Memorial Award for Outstanding Victim Advocacy.
They were recognized for the services and advocacy they provide to victims and survivors of crime. Earlier this month, Congress passed a budget that triples the funding for crime victims from last year so organizations like Madera CAP can continue their amazing efforts on behalf of victims of crime.
As Co-Chairman and Co-Founder of the Congressional Victims&rsquo; Rights Caucus, I am pleased that more funding has been made available to help crime victims throughout our nation.
As we all know, there is still more to be done. Please know that I will continue fighting every day to improve the place we all call home.
I will continue my fight to bring more water to our Valley by working on a bipartisan basis with my colleagues in the House of Representatives and Senate to pass a compromise bill that the President will sign. Lastly,
I will continue to advocate for comprehensive immigration reform. We are a nation of immigrants, and as you know, the industries in the San Joaquin Valley rely heavily on immigrants: agriculture, construction, and small businesses. I will strongly push for a comprehensive immigration bill which strengthens our border security; protects the sustainability of local public resources such as education, healthcare, and infrastructure; and supports good American jobs.
As the Congressman representing California&rsquo;s 16th Congressional District, I have the privilege to represent your views in Congress. Additionally, my office can be helpful to you if you&rsquo;re experiencing a problem with a federal agency.
Whether it&rsquo;s with the Internal Revenue Service, Social Security Administration, Department of Veterans Affairs, or any other federal agency, my office can assist in cutting red tape.
It is truly an honor to represent Fresno, Madera, and Merced Counties. I look forward to representing you in the 114th Congress, and as always, please contact my office if we can ever be of any assistance to you.
Further, to get up-to-date information on the work I am doing on behalf of our Valley, please visit my website at
www.costa.house.gov
and
sign up for my e-newsletter .
Happy Holidays and Happy New Year!
Sincerely,
Jim Costa
Member of Congress
Fresno Office
855 M Street, Suite 940
Fresno, CA 93721
Phone: 559-495-1620
Fax: 559-495-1027
Merced Office
2222 M St, Suite 305
Merced, CA 95340
Phone: 209-384-1620
Washington, DC Office
1314 Longworth House Office Building
Washington, DC 20515
Phone: 202-225-3341
Fax: 202-225-9308
Click here to unsubscribe from e-newsletter updates
