
A Strong Start to the 114th Congress
Tuesday,
January 13, 2015
Americas New Congress Convenes
Last week I returned to Washington for the start of the 114th Congress.
Americas New Congress is the beginning of change in Washington with Republicans gaining a majority in both the House and the Senate. It is my hope that this new dynamic will now end the gridlock that has frustrated so many of us since I was first elected. Last Congress, the Republican controlled House passed over 350 bills that died in the Senate, and with new leadership under Sen. Mitch McConnell, we will finally be able to start putting legislation on the desk of the President and implement the agenda that a majority of Americans elected us for in November.
I am proud to represent the folks of the Coastal Bend, crossroads, and all of Texas 27th congressional district.
I vow to work harder than ever to pass legislation that puts Texans first.
My top priorities include securing our border, simplifying our tax code, removing over burdensome regulations that hurt small businesses and stifle job growth, reducing our budget deficit, repealing and replacing Obamacare, and reigning in waste, fraud, and abuse in our government. With a Republican majority, I believe many of these goals will be accomplished.
Speakers Election Was a Tough Call
The first order of business of every new Congress is to elect a new Speaker of the House of Representatives.
Right after the November election, the House Republican Conference nominated Speaker Boehner without any objection.
It was under his leadership that Republicans were able to increase our majority in the House.
Both the Speaker and Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell presented their
plan
for the new majority before the end of the 113th Congress right after the November election results were made final.
Their plan outlined all of the objectives I listed above.
Many of you contacted me urging me to vote for my friend and fellow Texan Louie Gohmert over John Boehner.
My vote for Speaker was not an easy one. My heart was heavy with concerns that Speaker Boehner does not fight hard enough for our conservative values. My brain, however, told me the challengers to the Speaker had no path to victory mapped out. Furthermore, the time to run against Speaker Boehner was in the House Republican Conference organizing meetings held last November.
Those were the equivalent of a primary election where Speaker Boehner ran un-opposed, and this election was the general election of Boehner vs. Pelosi.
I should also point out that I was joined by all but three of the 25 other conservative Texas Republicans, as well as other stalwart conservatives like Trey Gowdy, Jim Jordan, Raul Labrador, Mark Sanford, Trent Franks, Tom Price, Tom McClintock, and Matt Salmon.
Rest assured, I will continue to fight for the common sense conservative ideas that you elected me to represent. I know we will never agree on 100% of my votes, but Im always willing to explain my choices and listen to your concerns. If I feel that the Speaker is going against our conservative agenda you can be sure that I will be part of the 50 member threshold needed to call together a House Republican Conference in order to nominate a new Speaker.
Continuing to Take Care of Our Veterans
Providing for our Veterans has always been one of my top legislative priorities. Last Tuesday, the House made it easier for employers to hire veterans by passing
H.R.22
by a vote of
412-0 . This legislation would allow employers to hire veterans who receive health coverage with the Department of Defense or the Veterans Affairs Administration while being able to exclude them in their count in taking into account the Obamacare employer mandate. Simply put, this legislation makes it easier for small businesses to hire our veterans with respects Obamacares job crippling regulations. I am proud that the whole House came together in a bipartisan manner to support this bill. I urge you to contact our Senators and urge them to push this common sense legislation through the Senate so that it can be placed on the desk of the President and signed into law.
Working to Dismantle Obamacare
Last Thursday, I kept my promise to start getting rid of Obamacare. The House passed
H.R. 30 , the Save American Workers (SAW) Act, by a vote of
252-172 . I was an original co-sponsor of this bill. The SAW Act would simply redefine full time employee under Obamacare as someone who works 40 hours a week. To me a full time employee is someone who works Monday through Friday for at least 8 hours a day, totaling at least 40 hours.
Currently the law defines a full time employee as someone who works 30 hours a week. What this legislation does is make it easier for employers to increase the hours of their part time workers without being subject to the employer mandate. Currently the law mandates that employers who hire 50 or more full time employees to offer health insurance or face a penalty under the law.
Keystone Pipeline Paves Way for Job Creation
A Republican controlled Congress means we can start putting jobs first and finally move to make the Keystone XL Pipeline a reality. During my time in Congress, the House has voted numerous times to approve the Pipeline, with Fridays passage marking the 10th attempt to spur job creation in America. By placing Keystone legislation first in the new Congress, both chambers of Congress have proven that strengthening our economy and putting people back to work is a top priority.
Bipartisan passage of H.R. 3, the Keystone XL Pipeline Act through both chambers of Congress will force the President to finally start listening to the majority of Americans who want to see this project become a reality. Earlier this week the President signaled to the American public that he would veto any Keystone bill that Congress would send to him.
This is just another example where the President feels as if he can ignore the wishes of the American people and act on his own agenda. It is my hope that both my colleagues in both the House and Senate can come together to secure the votes necessary to override the Presidents veto and begin construction on this much needed project.
Voting to Stop Unconstitutional Amnesty
Tomorrow the House will vote to defund the Presidents unconstitutional amnesty program. I plan on supporting
H.R. 240 , the Department of Homeland Security Appropriations Act, 2015. This bill appropriates $39.7 billion for the DHS to provide for funds for increased border protection, Immigration and Customs enforcement, our Coast Guard, and the Secret Service.
I also plan on supporting the Aderholt Amendment to bar the use of any funds to support the Presidents November amnesty plan, the Blackburn Amendment to bar any funds for the Presidents Deferred Action for Childhood Arrivals (DACA) plan, and the Desantis Amendment that would place highest enforcement priority for deportation for those who have been convicted of domestic violence, sexual abuse, child molestation or child exploitation.
CONNECT
SNAPSHOTS
1/9- The Portland News was chosen as the Portland Chamber Member of the Month. Luis with my office attended the event and presented a certificate to Chip and Jeff Latcham who are the publishers of The Portland News.
1/8- The American Legion Post 364 in Corpus Christi, Texas held their first monthly meeting of 2015. My Veterans Field Representative, Captain Rene Coronado, was on hand to welcome everyone back from the holidays.
1/7- James Kostka, owner of Wharton Lawn and Garden in Wharton, celebrated twenty years in business on January 1st. This small business provides sales and service for all lawn equipment, and attributes their success to the customer service they provide. Carol Wootton, my field representative, presented James with a Certificate of Special Congressional Recognition. Congratulations on twenty successful years in business .
1/6- My Washington D.C. staff and I being sworn in to the 114th Congress.
12/19- Rene Coronado presented a retirement certificate on my behalf to Mr. Andy Garcia, who retires today after 33 years of combined service in the US Army and as a civilian employee at the Corpus Christi Army Depot.
Mr. Garcia came to our District Office asking for help fixing his retirement pay so that he could add his active military service years towards his civilian retirement.
My Red Tape Cutters did the research and found his records to add 6 years towards his retirement.
Congratulations to Mr. Garcia and thank you for your service to our nation.
Enjoy your retirement
WEBSITE
|
UNSUBSCRIBE
|
CONTACT
Click Here Click Here