
Putting an End to Executive Overreach
Sunday, January 18, 2015
Restoring the Balance of Power on Executive Amnesty
Over the past few months my office has received numerous letters, calls, and emails regarding the Presidents unconstitutional amnesty plan. My commitment to you was to fight to secure our border, and stop the Presidents actions on illegal immigration. On Wednesday I kept that commitment by voting in support of
H.R.240 , the Department of Homeland Security Appropriations Act, 2015. This legislation provides $12.6 billion in spending to secure our border. This is $299 million more than was provided in 2014.
This legislation also contained two important amendments that would reverse the Presidents unconstitutional actions on immigration. The first, introduced by Rep. Bob Aderholt, prohibits the use of any funds to implement the Presidents November amnesty plan. The second, offered by Rep. Blackburn would prohibit the use of any funds to support the Presidents Deferred Action for Childhood Arrivals (DACA) program. I voted in favor of both amendments.
Critics have accused me of being anti-immigrant and wanting to break up families because of this and similar votes.
My vote against DACA was motivated primarily by my oath of office to, support and defend the Constitution of the United States against all enemies, foreign and domestic; that I will bear true faith and allegiance to the same. I believe the Presidents executive action violates the Constitution.
The enumerated powers in Article 1 Section Eight grants Congress, not the President, the power to, To establish an uniform Rule of Naturalization.
Congress has a lot to do on immigration, especially relating to children who were brought into this country as infants and toddlers, and I look forward to addressing these issues once we have secured the borders.
Expanding the I-69 system to include Highway 44
Additionally on Wednesday, I introduced
H.R.301 , the 44 to 69 Act, with the support of Reps. Henry Cuellar, Rueben Hinojosa, Eddie Bernice Johnson, and Filemon Vela. This legislation would connect Texas State Highway 44, which runs through Wharton, Victoria, San Patricio, and Nueces Counties, to the Interstate 69 expansion.
The ability for our communities, ports, and the Corpus Christi Airport to be connected to I-69 will greatly improve our abilities to reap the benefits of the upcoming completion of the Panama Canal Expansion.
Growing Our Economy, One Less Regulation at a Time
To watch my House floor speech on regulatory reform
click here .
Helping put a stop to over burdensome regulations that hurt our businesses and hinder job growth is one of my main missions in Congress.
On Tuesday, I furthered my commitment to keeping government bureaucrats out of our businesses.
With my support, the House passed
H.R.185 , the Regulatory Accountability Act of 2015, by a vote of
250-175 .
This legislation targets the way in which federal agencies go about the rule making process by requiring government agencies to adopt the least costly alternative, while using use the best obtainable science, when deciding how to implement new rules and regulations. Additionally, this legislation would also require that agencies hold hearings to receive public input, as well as issue advance notices of costly rule making regulations that would have an economic impact of over $100 million a year.
I believe that sound science and common sense business practices should drive rule making decisions, not the Administrations political agenda. In a time of economic recovery, the government should be helping Americas businesses, not weighing them down with costly regulations.
Supporting the Mental Health of our Veterans
Last Monday, the House passed
H.R.203 , the Clay Hunt Suicide Prevention for American Veterans Act, by a vote of
403-0 .
This legislation was named in honor of Marine Cpl. Clay Hunt, who earned a Purple Heart in Iraq before redeploying to Afghanistan.
After being diagnosed with Post Traumatic Stress Disorder (PTSD), Clay sought to help others and raise awareness about depression. Unfortunately, we lost Clay in 2011. He was 28.
A 2012 report released by the Department of Veterans Affairs (VA) revealed that over the past decade, 18-22 Veterans commit suicide on a daily basis. This legislation is aimed at putting an end to this troubling statistic. The Clay Hunt Suicide Prevention for American Veterans Act will increase access to mental healthcare for veterans by creating a peer support and community outreach pilot program to assist transitioning service members.
Additionally, it will boost the accountability of mental health care by requiring an annual evaluation of Department of Defense and the Veterans Affairs Administrations suicide-prevention practices and programs.
I proudly supported the passage of the Clay Hunt Suicide Prevention for American Veterans Act.
The VA has struggled to provide timely access to vital health care services, including mental healthcare. As more and more of our troops are coming home, they face long wait times or little to no support from their VA in regards to mental health care.
Setting Congressional Priorities
Last Thursday, my Republican Colleagues and I attended the House Republican Conference Retreat in Hershey, PA.
This year many of the Republican Senators joined us. Here are some of the things we set as our priorities:
Our Constitution should be preserved, valued, honored and followed.
We need a secure borders, strong military, healthy economy, and energy independence.
Health care decisions should be made by patients and their doctors, not by Washington, D.C.
Every child should have an equal opportunity to get a great education.
We must grow local jobs instead of Washington, D.C. jobs.
We need an immigration system that secures our borders and boosts our economy.
Our veterans have earned our respect and gratitude, and they shouldn't have to wait in line for just to see a doctor or collect the benefits they are due.
We need to balance the federal budget and make government more efficient.
The best anti-poverty program is a good-paying job, so our focus should be on creating opportunity, not dependency.
Id like your feedback on these priorities and other issues. You can email me using this form at:
https://farenthold.house.gov/ .
CONNECT
LATEST NEWS
Bill would boost federal sick leave for disabled vets
Federal Times
Wounded veterans starting federal jobs would get sick leave under new bill
Washington Post
VOTES FOR NEXT WEEK
H. Res. ___
Expressing the sense of the House of Representatives condemning the recent terrorist attacks in Paris that resulted in the deaths of seventeen innocent persons and offering condolences to those personally affected by this cowardly act
H.R. 161
Natural Gas Pipeline Permitting Reform Act
H.R. 36
Pain-Capable Unborn Child Protection Act
SNAPSHOTS
1/14- Hundreds of attendees gathered at the Ortiz Center for the State of the Corpus Christi Police Department on Wednesday. I want to congratulate Chief Floyd Simpson for the outstanding job he has done as Police Chief.
1/15- The Southside Business Council held its monthly meeting at Rudy's Country Store &amp; Bar-B-Q on Thursday. Foster Edward gave a presentation on the Texas Windstorm Coalition's TWIA Reform Bill and the 84th Legislative Session.
1/15- The American GI Forum of Texas held their annual Veterans and Youth Education and Technology Ceremony at the Emerald Beach Hotel in Corpus Christi, Texas. The ceremony is an annual tradition held by the American GI Forum to present and provide scholarships to young Veterans and local Hispanics pursuing an education at Del Mar College, Texas A&amp;M Corpus Christi and Kingsville.
1/16- On Friday, the Hispanic Chamber of Commerce held its Buenos Dias Corpus Christi event at the Del Mar College Center for Economic Development. The event welcomed all new members of the chamber.
1/17- I spent Saturday morning at the Richard M. Borchard Regional Fairgrounds in Robstown for the 80th Annual Nueces County Junior Livestock Show. There, I was pleased to honor Laura Berry, an individual who has not just been a fixture at NCJL Shows, but someone who has spent her life giving back to our community.
1/17- I was proud to have sponsored the Corpus Christi NAACP's 46th annual Freedom Fund Banquet. Congressman Al Green gave a moving speech to a huge crowd who turned out to support our local NAACP Chapter lead by Terry Mills.
WEBSITE
|
UNSUBSCRIBE
|
CONTACT
Click Here Click Here