
December 18, 2014
IN THIS ISSUE:
(Click below to jump to story)
Federal Funding Bill Contains Important Provisions for Maine
A Ribbon Cutting for the New Bridge in Richmond-Dresden
Creating a National Women's History Museum
Wreaths Across America
Meeting with Mainers
Federal Funding Bill Contains Important Provisions for Maine
Senator Collins, a senior member of the Senate Appropriations
Committee, supported the recent passage of a comprehensive federal
funding bill to fund the government through Fiscal Year 2015.
The bill contains many important provisions for Maine and the nation,
including:
*	More than $5 billion in emergency funding to address
the Ebola crisis at home and abroad;
*	Funding to address the safe transportation of crude oil
and other hazardous materials by rail to help prevent disasters like
the horrific derailment in Lac-Megantic, Quebec, last year, close to
the Maine border;
*	$500 million for the TIGER grant program that funds
transportation infrastructure projects and that has supported more than
$90 million in funding for Maine roads, bridges, ports and rail
projects;
*	Full funding for the Arleigh Burke-class DDG-51 and
Zumwalt-class DDG-1000 Navy destroyers-a strong testament to the hard
work and dedication of the men and women at Bath Iron Works in Maine,
where these ships are built;
*	Funding for the procurement of 38 F-35s, a fighter jet
that is vital to maintaining air superiority and of which components
are built by skilled workers at Pratt & Whitney in North Berwick,
General Dynamics Ordnance and Tactical Systems in Saco, Hunting
Dearborn, Inc. in Fryeburg, and Fairchild Semiconductor in South
Portland;
*	Funding for our Navy's facility maintenance and
modernization efforts, including projects at the Portsmouth Naval
Shipyard in Kittery; and
*	$72 million in new funding for Alzheimer's Disease
research, treatment, and caregiver programs.
Read Senator Collins' full statement on the bill by clicking here
.
"While the legislation funds nearly all government operations,
programs, and agencies through the remainder of the fiscal year,
notably, this bill funds the Department of Homeland Security only
through February 27, 2015, giving Congress time to thoughtfully respond
to the President's unilateral action on immigration," Senator Collins
said.
"While I supported the bipartisan legislation to reform our
immigration laws that passed the Senate last year, I believe President
Obama's recent executive action on immigration circumvents Congress and
undermines the separation of powers in our Constitution. This bill
gives Congress time to formulate an appropriate response."
The legislation is also good news for Maine potato farmers.
From the
Bangor Daily News
:
WASHINGTON, D.C. - U.S. Sen. Susan Collins announced Wednesday
she has successfully secured a provision in the current appropriations
bill that will require fresh white potatoes be included in the federal
Women, Infants and Children supplemental food assistance program.
It was a victory for Collins, a senior member of the Senate
Appropriations Committee, that also was hailed by fellow Sen. Angus
King of Maine and by the Maine Potato Board.
This provision would allow all fresh vegetables, including the
fresh, white potato, to be included in the WIC program immediately upon
enactment of the omnibus bill, which is likely to pass since it
includes discretionary funding for the vast majority of the federal
government for the current fiscal year that ends Sept. 30, 2015.
The U.S. Department of Agriculture's WIC program is the
government's premier nutrition program for pregnant mothers and their
children. It provides monthly vouchers and specifies which foods can be
bought with the funds, such as milk, eggs, cheese, fresh fruits and
vegetables.
[..]
Collins has consistently touted the health benefits of the
potato while fighting for its inclusion in the WIC program, noting that
potatoes are cholesterol-free, fat-free and sodium-free, and they can
be prepared in countless healthy ways. A medium baked potato contains
15 percent of the daily recommended value of dietary fiber, 27 percent
of the daily recommended value for Vitamin B6, and 28 percent of the
daily recommended value of Vitamin C.
"It also defies logic that WIC participants may purchase fresh
white potatoes sold at a farmers' market but may not purchase fresh
white potatoes sold in grocery stores," she maintained. "Potatoes are
an affordable and nutrient-dense food that all WIC participants should
be able to purchase regardless of where they are sold."
[..]
Don Flannery, executive director of the Maine Potato Board,
said Wednesday his organization was happy about the news.
"These decisions need to be based on science," Flannery said.
"Kids like potatoes. We have talked to school lunch program directors
and dieticians at schools who have told us consistently that the food
most often eaten on the tray is potatoes."
He also said he believes the move reinforces the fact that
potatoes are a healthy food.
"Fresh white potatoes are good for you, they are not bad for
you," he said. "If we do something bad to them, it's usually our fault.
They don't come deep fried or covered with sour cream and butter."
A Ribbon Cutting for the Maine Kennebec Bridge in Richmond-Dresden
From the Kennebec Journal
:
RICHMOND - The new Richmond-Dresden bridge opened to much
fanfare Friday.
Elementary school students from the two towns on opposite ends
of the new span across the Kennebec River met in the middle of the
bridge, called the Maine Kennebec Bridge, for grand opening ceremonies
with temperatures in the teens and thin pieces of ice floating by on
the river below.
The new bridge towers over the nearly 84-year-old swing-span
bridge it will replace, which continued to carry traffic across the
river during a ribbon cutting ceremony Friday. The familiar humming and
thunking sounds from cars crossing the aged, rusted, and dented old
structure sometimes partially drowned out speakers on the new bridge
during ceremonies attended by hundreds of local residents and several
dignitaries including U.S. Sen. Susan Collins, Gov. Paul LePage, and
Greg Nadeau, acting director of the Federal Highway Administration.
[..]
Collins recalled, three years ago, touring the old bridge with
Department of Transportation Commissioner David Bernhardt, and cringing
while they drove across it because the bridge is so narrow she was
convinced their vehicle would be struck by a large sport utility
vehicle headed in the opposite direction. She viewed the many dents in
the bridge structure where trucks, a bit too tall to make it across,
hit and bent the steel upper structure over the years.
"I then knew, this bridge had to be a priority for replacement,"
said Collins, who high-fived many of the elementary school students on
hand for the ceremony on her way to the stage set up in the middle of
the bridge. "I called the secretary of transportation, Ray LaHood, and
said, you won't believe the bridge I just went over. I sent him
pictures of it."
Federal money is covering 80 percent of the cost, and the state
transportation department is funding the other 20 percent.
[..]
Russell Ring, who grew up in Richmond and came from his home in
Union for the bridge opening, was born in 1931, the same year the old
bridge was built. He said he remembers when part of that span was taken
out by an ice jam and washed downriver in 1936. He said he has lots of
good memories involving the old bridge, including using it to cross the
river to get to dances at Pownalborough Hall on the Dresden side of the
Kennebec.
But the 83-year-old Ring said he won't miss the old bridge, and
he thinks the new bridge is "beautiful."
Creating a National Women's History Museum
Click here
or click the play button above to watch the speech
>From the Bangor Daily News
:
A bill authored by Sen. Susan Collins, R-Maine, aimed at
establishing a National Women's History Museum will become law,
according to a release from the senator's office.
The bill is part of the 2015 National Defense Authorization
Act, which passed both houses of Congress and is slated to be signed by
President Barack Obama.
"I have been proud to lead the effort to establish a museum for
women's history since 2003," Collins said in the release. "The need for
a museum recognizing the contributions of American women is long
overdue, and the commission approved today is an important first step
toward that goal."
The bill creates a privately funded commission that will create
a plan to establish and maintain a National Women's History Museum in
Washington, D.C., according to the release. The eight-member commission
would have 18 months to write and present its report to Congress.
Members of the panel would be chosen by congressional majority and
minority leaders.
"When I first introduced legislation to form a National Women's
History Museum, I never dreamed it would take 16 years to get this
commission passed," bill co-sponsor Rep. Carolyn B. Maloney, D-New
York, said in the release. "It seemed like an easy lift - it's hard to
see who can be opposed to a museum dedicated to chronicling the
achievements of women. Women gained the right to vote in 1920. I hope
that a century later, in 2020, the efforts and accomplishments of women
throughout our history will be chronicled in a museum that both our
daughters and sons can learn from and enjoy."
The bill was also co-sponsored by Sen. Barbara Mikulski.
D-Maryland, and Reps. Marsha Blackburn, R-Tennessee, and Eleanor Holmes
Norton, D-D.C.
Wreaths Across America
Senators Collins and Angus King participated in a wreath laying
ceremony at the foot of the U.S. Capitol in honor of America's military
service members and their families who are separated during the holiday
season. The event was led by the Maine State Society in conjunction
with Wreaths Across America, and the wreath will remain on display
throughout the holidays.
"Since its inception 23 years ago, the Wreaths Across America project
has become an annual tradition of placing Maine balsam fir remembrance
wreaths on the graves of our fallen heroes," said Senator Collins.
"Wreaths Across America honors our departed heroes, but it does even
more. It tells the Veterans still with us that we honor their service.
It tells our men and women in uniform today that we are grateful for
their courage and devotion to duty. It tells the families of those
serving our country that they are in our thoughts and prayers. And it
tells the families of the fallen that we share their grief."
Read more about Wreaths Across America by clicking here
.
Meeting with Mainers
Senator Collins always makes time to meet individually with
constituents- either Mainers who are visiting Washington, D.C. or at
home in Maine.
She values hearing from Mainers on a wide range of topics. Here are a
few photos from recent meetings:
Top left: Roger Paradis, Kaitlyn Paradis, Myles Herschaft, and Victor
Herschaft
Top Right: Dr. Patricia Hand and Jeri Bowers, MDI Biological Laboratory
Bottom Left: Mary Speicher, Dawn Konrad, Marina Butterfield, and
Charlotte Faser on Charlotte's 90th Birthday!
Bottom Right: Brendan Goodwin, Lisa Goodwin, Patrick Daubenberger, Mike
Mitchell, Pam Mitchell, Tracy Daubenberger, and Lauren Bean
OFFICE OF SENATOR SUSAN COLLINS
413 Dirksen Senate Office Building
Washington, D.C. 20510
Phone: (202) 224-2523
Fax: (202) 224-2693
To UNSUBSCRIBE, please click here
DEFAULT TABLE ATTRIBUTES ARE:
DEFAULT TD STYLE IS:
DEFAULT LEFT SIDEBAR IS:
DEFAULT RIGHT COLUMN IS:
Can't
see the images? Make sure your e-mail is set to download pictures in order to see the full content
of this e-newsletter.
December
18, 2014
IN
THIS ISSUE:
(Click below to jump to story)
Federal Funding Bill Contains Important
Provisions for Maine
A Ribbon Cutting for the New Bridge
in Richmond-Dresden
Creating a National Women's History
Museum
Wreaths Across America
Meeting with Mainers
Federal
Funding Bill Contains Important Provisions for Maine
Senator Collins, a senior member of the Senate Appropriations Committee, supported the recent passage
of a comprehensive federal funding bill to fund the government through Fiscal Year 2015.
The bill contains many important provisions for Maine and the nation, including:
More than $5 billion in emergency funding to address the Ebola crisis at home and abroad;
Funding
to address the safe transportation of crude oil and other hazardous materials by rail to help prevent
disasters like the horrific derailment in Lac-Megantic, Quebec, last year, close to the Maine border;
$500 million for the TIGER grant program that funds transportation infrastructure
projects and that has supported more than $90 million in funding for Maine roads, bridges, ports and
rail projects;
Full funding for the Arleigh Burke-class DDG-51 and Zumwalt-class DDG-1000
Navy destroyers&#8212;a strong testament to the hard work and dedication of the men and women at Bath
Iron Works in Maine, where these ships are built;
Funding for the procurement of 38 F-35s,
a fighter jet that is vital to maintaining air superiority and of which components are built by skilled
workers at Pratt &amp; Whitney in North Berwick, General Dynamics Ordnance and Tactical Systems in Saco,
Hunting Dearborn, Inc. in Fryeburg, and Fairchild Semiconductor in South Portland;
Funding
for our Navy&#8217;s facility maintenance and modernization efforts, including projects at the Portsmouth
Naval Shipyard in Kittery; and
$72 million in new funding for Alzheimer&#8217;s Disease
research, treatment, and caregiver programs.
Read Senator Collins' full statement on the bill by
clicking
here .
&#8220;While the legislation funds nearly all government operations, programs, and agencies through
the remainder of the fiscal year, notably, this bill funds the Department of Homeland Security only through
February 27, 2015, giving Congress time to thoughtfully respond to the President&#8217;s unilateral action
on immigration," Senator Collins said.
"While I supported the bipartisan legislation to
reform our immigration laws that passed the Senate last year, I believe President Obama&#8217;s recent
executive action on immigration circumvents Congress and undermines the separation of powers in our Constitution.
This bill gives Congress time to formulate an appropriate response."
The legislation is also good news for Maine potato farmers.
From the
Bangor
Daily News :
WASHINGTON, D.C. &#8212; U.S. Sen. Susan Collins announced Wednesday she has successfully secured
a provision in the current appropriations bill that will require fresh white potatoes be included in
the federal Women, Infants and Children supplemental food assistance program.
It was a victory for Collins, a senior member of the Senate Appropriations Committee, that also was
hailed by fellow Sen. Angus King of Maine and by the Maine Potato Board.
This provision would allow all fresh vegetables, including the fresh, white potato, to be included
in the WIC program immediately upon enactment of the omnibus bill, which is likely to pass since it includes
discretionary funding for the vast majority of the federal government for the current fiscal year that
ends Sept. 30, 2015.
The U.S. Department of Agriculture&#8217;s WIC program is the government&#8217;s premier nutrition
program for pregnant mothers and their children. It provides monthly vouchers and specifies which foods
can be bought with the funds, such as milk, eggs, cheese, fresh fruits and vegetables.
[&#8230;.]
Collins has consistently touted the health benefits of the potato while fighting for its inclusion
in the WIC program, noting that potatoes are cholesterol-free, fat-free and sodium-free, and they can
be prepared in countless healthy ways. A medium baked potato contains 15 percent of the daily recommended
value of dietary fiber, 27 percent of the daily recommended value for Vitamin B6, and 28 percent of the
daily recommended value of Vitamin C.
&#8220;It also defies logic that WIC participants may purchase fresh white potatoes sold at a farmers&#8217;
market but may not purchase fresh white potatoes sold in grocery stores,&#8221; she maintained. &#8220;Potatoes
are an affordable and nutrient-dense food that all WIC participants should be able to purchase regardless
of where they are sold.&#8221;
[&#8230;.]
Don Flannery, executive director of the Maine Potato Board, said Wednesday his organization was happy
about the news.
&#8220;These decisions need to be based on science,&#8221; Flannery said. &#8220;Kids like potatoes.
We have talked to school lunch program directors and dieticians at schools who have told us consistently
that the food most often eaten on the tray is potatoes.&#8221;
He also said he believes the move reinforces the fact that potatoes are a healthy food.
&#8220;Fresh white potatoes are good for you, they are not bad for you,&#8221; he said. &#8220;If
we do something bad to them, it&#8217;s usually our fault. They don&#8217;t come deep fried or covered
with sour cream and butter.&#8221;
A
Ribbon Cutting for the Maine Kennebec
Bridge in Richmond-Dresden
From the
Kennebec
Journal :
RICHMOND &#8212; The new Richmond-Dresden bridge opened to much fanfare Friday.
Elementary school students from the two towns on opposite ends of the new span across the Kennebec
River met in the middle of the bridge, called the Maine Kennebec Bridge, for grand opening ceremonies
with temperatures in the teens and thin pieces of ice floating by on the river below.
The new bridge towers over the nearly 84-year-old swing-span bridge it will replace, which continued
to carry traffic across the river during a ribbon cutting ceremony Friday. The familiar humming and thunking
sounds from cars crossing the aged, rusted, and dented old structure sometimes partially drowned out
speakers on the new bridge during ceremonies attended by hundreds of local residents and several dignitaries
including U.S. Sen. Susan Collins, Gov. Paul LePage, and Greg Nadeau, acting director of the Federal
Highway Administration.
[&#8230;.]
Collins recalled, three years ago, touring the old bridge with Department of Transportation Commissioner
David Bernhardt, and cringing while they drove across it because the bridge is so narrow she was convinced
their vehicle would be struck by a large sport utility vehicle headed in the opposite direction. She
viewed the many dents in the bridge structure where trucks, a bit too tall to make it across, hit and
bent the steel upper structure over the years.
&#8220;I then knew, this bridge had to be a priority for replacement,&#8221; said Collins, who high-fived
many of the elementary school students on hand for the ceremony on her way to the stage set up in the
middle of the bridge. &#8220;I called the secretary of transportation, Ray LaHood, and said, you won&#8217;t
believe the bridge I just went over. I sent him pictures of it.&#8221;
Federal money is covering 80 percent of the cost, and the state transportation department is funding
the other 20 percent.
[&#8230;.]
Russell Ring, who grew up in Richmond and came from his home in Union for the bridge opening, was
born in 1931, the same year the old bridge was built. He said he remembers when part of that span was
taken out by an ice jam and washed downriver in 1936. He said he has lots of good memories involving
the old bridge, including using it to cross the river to get to dances at Pownalborough Hall on the Dresden
side of the Kennebec.
But the 83-year-old Ring said he won&#8217;t miss the old bridge, and he thinks
the new bridge is &#8220;beautiful.&#8221;
Creating
a National Women's History Museum
Click
here
or click the play button above to watch the speech
From the
Bangor
Daily News :
A bill authored by Sen. Susan Collins, R-Maine, aimed at establishing a National Women&#8217;s History
Museum will become law, according to a release from the senator&#8217;s office.
The bill is part of the 2015 National Defense Authorization Act, which passed both houses of Congress
and is slated to be signed by President Barack Obama.
&#8220;I have been proud to lead the effort to establish a museum for women&#8217;s history since
2003,&#8221; Collins said in the release. &#8220;The need for a museum recognizing the contributions
of American women is long overdue, and the commission approved today is an important first step toward
that goal.&#8221;
The bill creates a privately funded commission that will create a plan to establish and maintain
a National Women&#8217;s History Museum in Washington, D.C., according to the release. The eight-member
commission would have 18 months to write and present its report to Congress. Members of the panel would
be chosen by congressional majority and minority leaders.
&#8220;When I first introduced legislation to form a National Women&#8217;s History Museum, I never
dreamed it would take 16 years to get this commission passed,&#8221; bill co-sponsor Rep. Carolyn B.
Maloney, D-New York, said in the release. &#8220;It seemed like an easy lift &#8212; it&#8217;s hard
to see who can be opposed to a museum dedicated to chronicling the achievements of women. Women gained
the right to vote in 1920. I hope that a century later, in 2020, the efforts and accomplishments of women
throughout our history will be chronicled in a museum that both our daughters and sons can learn from
and enjoy.&#8221;
The bill was also co-sponsored by Sen. Barbara Mikulski. D-Maryland, and Reps. Marsha Blackburn,
R-Tennessee, and Eleanor Holmes Norton, D-D.C.
Wreaths
Across America
Senators Collins and Angus King participated in a wreath laying ceremony at the foot of the U.S.
Capitol in honor of America&#8217;s military service members and their families who are separated during
the holiday season. The event was led by the Maine State Society in conjunction with Wreaths Across America,
and the wreath will remain on display throughout the holidays.
&#8220;Since its inception 23 years ago, the Wreaths Across America project has become an annual
tradition of placing Maine balsam fir remembrance wreaths on the graves of our fallen heroes,&#8221;
said Senator Collins. &#8220;Wreaths Across America honors our departed heroes, but it does even more.
It tells the Veterans still with us that we honor their service. It tells our men and women in uniform
today that we are grateful for their courage and devotion to duty. It tells the families of those serving
our country that they are in our thoughts and prayers. And it tells the families of the fallen that we
share their grief.&#8221;
Read more about Wreaths Across America by
clicking
here .
Meeting
with Mainers
Senator Collins always makes time to meet individually with constituents&#8212; either Mainers who
are visiting Washington, D.C. or at home in Maine.
She values hearing from Mainers on a wide range of topics. Here are a few photos from recent meetings:
Top left: Roger Paradis, Kaitlyn Paradis,
Myles Herschaft, and Victor Herschaft
Top Right: Dr. Patricia Hand and Jeri Bowers, MDI Biological Laboratory Bottom Left: Mary
Speicher, Dawn Konrad, Marina Butterfield, and Charlotte Faser on Charlotte's 90th Birthday! Bottom
Right: Brendan Goodwin, Lisa Goodwin, Patrick Daubenberger, Mike Mitchell, Pam Mitchell, Tracy Daubenberger,
and Lauren Bean
OFFICE OF SENATOR SUSAN COLLINS
413 Dirksen Senate Office Building Washington,
D.C. 20510 Phone: (202) 224-2523 Fax: (202) 224-2693
To UNSUBSCRIBE,
please
click here
