
If you are having trouble
viewing this message or would like to share it on a social network, you
can
view the message
online .
HOME
CONTACT US
ISSUES
LEGISLATION
January 25, 2015
Dear
David,
This week, President Obama took to the floor of the House of
Representatives to deliver the 93rd State of the Union address. In my
opinion, instead of joining the 114th Congress to advance meaningful
reforms and solutions, the President advocated the exact agenda
Americans voted against last November: more spending, more taxes, and more
government control.
I firmly believe the Presidents
policies are not in the best interest of our county. The President suggested
a
$320 billion tax
increase despite
record high tax receipts in 2014 , instead of supporting
policies that I believe support
the American family: a simple and fair
tax system that helps workers keep more of the money they make. The
President also proposed federalizing community college, costing
taxpayers $60 billion over 10 years ,
instead of prioritizing what I think is most important, which is fixing
our broken public education system. The President even proposed more
top-down regulation on small businesses, instead of supporting policies
that I believe support the American worker by promoting flexibility
and upward mobility by empowering individuals.
Our country
has spoken, but I do not think the President is listening. To view my
full response to State of the Union address, please
click here .
Please share your thoughts on
the Presidents State of the Union address below. I want to respond
and reflect your priorities in the 114th Congress. Please take a moment
to fill out the survey below! I look forward to hearing from you on my
website
and my
Facebook
page
Sincerely,
Rep. LaMalfa responds to the
President's State of the Union address. To view this video, please
click here .
Remembering the Life and
Legacy of Dr. Martin Luther King, Jr
Last Monday, I
joined the community of Oroville at Southside Community Center to
discuss the ongoing civil rights movement and how I can work with
community members to improve life for our constituents here in the North
State by endeavoring to dissolve the impacts of past racial tension. I
enjoyed meeting and chatting with many community members, two of which I
am pictured with below : Bobby Jones,
Director of Southside Oroville Community Center and Pastor David Goodson
of Henry Memorial
Christian Methodist Episcopal
Church. It was meaningful to meet on the very day when Martin Luther King,
Jr
was tragically assassinated 47 years ago. This man's
words of wisdom continue to echo through our country, especially one
of my favorites I look to a day when people will not be judged by the
color of their skin, but by the content of their character." Taken
from us too soon, his legacy calls our country to greater unity, and
compels us to value the intrinsic dignity of each and every human
being.
Share Your Thoughts In his address, President Obama proposed steep tax
increases on the American people. Do you agree that Washington should raise
taxes? Yes.
Raising taxes allows the government to increase its spending power to
expand services.
I trust the government to run and manage these
programs for us. No.
Taxes take even more of our hard-earned money out of our pockets,
making it even harder for American families to provide these things for
ourselves. If the government has record tax revenue, it does not need
more taxes. Need
More Information. President Obama wants to make low cost community college free for
students by taxing 529 savings accounts, which are currently tax-free
for educational purposes. Do you think this is a good
idea? Yes. Entirely
subsidizing public higher education is a good choice for future
generations. No. Instead we
should prioritize policies that allow parents and students to choose the
best education for their future. Community college is a great
opportunity, but federalizing state community colleges is a bad idea.
Need More
Information. In the
midst of continuing global terrorists threats, the President urged
Congress to pass a resolution to authorize the use of force against IS
(Islamic State).
Do you think Congress should support this
resolution? Yes. I agree that
the United States should continue to strengthen our forces abroad in
the interest of national security. No. President Obama mentioned the success of
American diplomacy, lets rely on that instead of putting tax dollars towards
a larger military presence. Need More Information. What do you think should be
Congress' priority moving forward? Please
share any additional thoughts or comments you have. *By answering this survey, you are subscribing to
my newsletter. If you are having trouble, click
here.
Wasteful Government
Spending Item of the Week
National
Service Center for Environmental Publications in Blue Ash, Ohio, Spent
$1.5 Million to Store Excess Publications
Cost
$1,500,000.00
Agency
Environmental Protection
Agency
Summary
The EPA is undermining its own green behavior by storing 5.5
years' worth of material in a warehouse in Blue Ash, Ohio despite having
already recycled 2 million
items.
Reason for
Funding
To store 18.5 million publications and other excess
material.
Source
Environmental Protection
Agency
E-mail
Updates
Yes, please periodically send me e-mail
updates.*
*By subscribing to my
e-mail updates, you are authorizing me to send regular e-mail updates
from my office to your e-mail account.
Share on
Facebook
Tell
a Friend
E-mail:
Washington D.C.
Office
322
Cannon HOB
Washington, DC 20515
Phone: 202-225-3076
Fax: (202) 226-0552
Oroville District Office
1453 Downer Street,Suite
A
Oroville, CA 95965
Phone: (530) 534-7100
Fax: (530)
534-7800
Redding District Office
2885 Churn Creek Rd.,
Suite C
Redding, CA
96002
Phone: (530) 223-5898
Fax: (530) 605-4339
Auburn District
Office
13626 New
Airport Rd.,
Ste 106
Auburn, CA 95602
Phone: (530)
878-5035
Fax: (530) 878-5037
Unsubscribe
|
Update My Profile
|
Privacy Policy
gateway mail end 