
If you
are having trouble viewing this message or would like to share it on a
social network, you can
view the message online .
ABOUT
SERVICES
ISSUES &amp; LEGISLATION
MEDIA CENTER
DISTRICT
CONTACT
RESOURCES
January 18, 2015
Friends,
This week, I joined with my colleagues in the House to
take a significant step in the right direction for our country. As you
may be aware, in November President Obama went around Congress
and announced an executive action on immigration reform, offering
protection from deportation to nearly 5 million unauthorized immigrants
currently living in our country. While we certainly need to change
the laws of our broken immigration system, as our founding fathers laid
out these changes must come
from Congress.
So, when the new session of Congress
started I was eager to follow through on the promises Ive made to
stop President Obamas executive actions on immigration. On Wednesday, I
did just that by passing
H.R. 240, Homeland
Security Appropriations for FY2015 , which fully funds the Homeland
Security Department for the remainder of this fiscal year, while blocking
the use of funds to implement President Obama's unlawful executive
actions on
immigration.
Border security is our top priority, and this legislation makes that
clear by providing the resources necessary for our brave men and
women to continue doing their job. Thats something we can all agree
on. As a former prosecutor, I believe firmly that we need to enforce
our laws, and on Wednesday, our action sent a firm message to the
President that Congress makes the laws, and not
him.
In addition to the overall legislation, I
supported amendments to the bill that took the following actions
against President Obama's executive action:
-Bars the use of
any funds to implement, carry out or enforce a number of the
administration's immigration policies or to grant any federal benefit to
any illegal immigrant as a result of those
policies.
-Bars the use of funds to consider new, renewal
or previously denied applications under the president's
2012 Deferred Action for Childhood Arrivals (DACA) program, or under any other
succeeding executive policy.
-Requires
the Homeland Security Department to prioritize immigration
enforcement actions against illegal immigrants convicted of any offense
involving domestic violence, sexual abuse, child molestation or
child exploitation.
-Expresses the Sense
of Congress that the Executive Branch should not pursue policies that
disadvantage the hiring of U.S. citizens,
and those
lawfully present in the United States, by making it economically advantageous
to hire workers who came to the country
illegally.
-Expresses the
Sense of Congress that the administration should stop putting the
interest of those of came here illegally before immigrants
who worked within the legal framework to come to the United
States .
This legislation
now heads to the U.S. Senate, where I am hopeful that it will be
passed and sent to the President's
desk.
The issue of immigration reform has generated a lot of
passion among my constituents, so I want to hear from
you:
This week, I voted with my
colleagues in the House to stop President Obama's overreaching and
unconstitutional executive action on immigration reform. Do you support my
vote? Yes No I need to learn more *By answering this survey, you are
subscribing to my newsletter. If you are having trouble,
click here.
Thank you participating in my survey, I truly value your input so I
can best represent you in
Congress.
Dave
Washington D.C. Office
1535 Longworth HOB
Washington, DC 20515
Phone: (202) 2255731
Fax: (202) 2253307
Hours: M-F 9-5:30PM
Painesville Office
1
Victoria Place, Room 320
Painesville, OH
44077
Phone: (440) 3523939
Phone: (800) 4470529
Fax: (440)
3523622
Twinsburg Office
Twinsburg Gov. Center
10075 Ravenna Road
Twinsburg, OH
44087
Phone: (330) 4259291
Fax: (330) 4257071
Unsubscribe
|
Update
My Profile
|
Privacy Policy
gateway mail end
