
Click here
if you have trouble viewing this email
ABOUT DENNIS
|
SERVING YOU
|
NEWSROOM
|
ISSUES &amp; LEGISLATION
|
15TH DISTRICT
|
CONTACT
15th District Update
Dear Neighbor,
I am deeply honored to serve Florida's 15th Congressional District in the 114 th
Congress. During my 3rd term as your representative, I will pass meaningful, pro-job legislation that focuses on strengthening our economy and our community.
This week, I helped pass a few bills that will help our district prosper by encouraging companies to hire more of our nation's veterans, and change the definition of a full-time work week back to 40 hours. I also supported legislation that will create tens of thousands of jobs across the nation.
Hire More Heroes Act
First, on Tuesday, we passed the
Hire More Heroes Act . This bill will allow employers to exclude employees who have health coverage administered by the Department of Defense (including TRICARE) or the Department of the VA, from the ObamaCare mandate.
Our men and women in uniform provide the very freedoms and prosperity this country has enjoyed for more than two hundred years; we owe them a debt we can never truly repay. I was proud to cosponsor and pass the
Hire More Heroes Act of 2015
that will ensure the transition of veterans to civilian life is successful. This legislation will encourage companies to employ more of America's veterans.
Save American Workers Act
On Thursday, we passed the
Save American Workers Act , a bill that will restore the 40-hour workweek definition of a full-time employee to protect American workers from one of the many flaws of ObamaCare. As it stands, ObamaCare defines a full-time employee as someone who works 30 hours per week. Obamas 30-hour work week affects our workforce in three ways; it decreases workers wages, increases the amount of part-time employees, and causes employers to dramatically reduce employees hours to avoid insurance mandates. Without the 40-hour workweek being restored, 2.6 million employees, many in entry level positions, are at risk for having their hours reduced.
Keystone XL Pipeline Act
On Friday, I supported legislation that would authorize the long overdue construction of the Keystone Pipeline. President Obama has allowed politics to get in the way of approving the Keystone Pipeline for too long. The Keystone project will provide energy security, create tens of thousands of jobs and boost our economy. A majority of Americans support the construction of the pipeline and the president's threat to veto this bipartisan, commonsense, pro-job legislation is an utter disappointment.
During this upcoming week, my colleagues and I will advance legislation that reins in President Obamas recent executive action on immigration. I disagree with the presidents go-it-alone attitude, which is a threat to our Constitutional principles. The only way to address immigration reform is with incremental steps, with the first critical step being to secure our nations borders.
As always, please continue to
write ,
call , and
email
your opinions to my office. I could not effectively represent you in Congress without the advice of my constituents. It is an honor and a privilege to serve you in Congress.
Your Congressman,
Dennis A. Ross
WASHINGTON, D.C. OFFICE
229 Cannon HOB
Washington, D.C. 20515
T(202) 225-1252
F(202) 226-0585
LAKELAND OFFICE
170 Fitzgerald Rd., Ste 1
Lakeland, FL 33813
T(863) 644-8215
T(813) 752-4790
F(863) 648-0749
UPDATE SUBSCRIPTION OPTIONS
|
PRIVACY POLICY
|
CONTACT US
Click Here Click Here