
If you are having trouble viewing this message or
would like to share it on a social network, you can
view the message online .
HOME
CONTACT US
CONSTITUENT SERVICES
ISSUES AND LEGISLATION
February 01, 2015
My
Legislation To Improve &amp; Modernize College Savings
Plans:
Saving for our childrens education is one of the most important,
and at times, most difficult aspects of being a parent. This past
week, I introduced H.R. 529 to modernize and strengthen tax-free 529
college savings plans. This bill would expand 529 plans to further promote
college access and eliminate barriers for middle class families to
save and plan ahead. It would also modernize the program by allowing
students to purchase a computer using their 529 funds. These are
particularly important goals as college costs continue to rise and students
struggle with extreme amounts of student loan debt.
This
bipartisan, sensible legislation strengthens an extremely popular savings
plan for middle class families so that all Americans have the
opportunity to send their children to the higher education institution of
their choice.
To learn more about my legislation,
click here . To watch my remarks on the House Floor,
click here .
President
Obama Drops His Proposal To Tax 529 Plans:
The
President felt the pressure of middle-class Americans - both
Republicans and Democrats
who spoke out about his ridiculous proposal to raid
your hard-earned college savings and dropped his plan only a week
after making it public. Thats how bad it was.
The
Presidents scheme to raise taxes on college savings accounts would have
directly hit hard working families and would essentially end the use of 529s
to save for your childrens college education. Too often, this
Presidents proposals pick winners and losers. And in this case, the losers
would be millions of middle class Americans who are already struggling
with stagnant wages while trying to withstand the rising cost of
college.
We need opportunities to empower and reward folks for
preparing for the future, but the Presidents plan did just the
opposite. As a former state treasurer who managed the states 529 plan and
a parent with two children in college I know personally how critical
saving for higher education is and what a huge incentive 529s have
become.
While I am pleased the president will lift his
proposal, I now strongly urge him to support my bipartisan legislation to
expand and modernize 529 plans so more families have the opportunity to
send their children to the higher education institution of their
choice.
I discussed my legislation and the Presidents plan to
tax the middle class at this week's Republican Leadership Press
Conference. To watch,
click here .
House Passes Legislation To Combat Human
Trafficking:
It is always heartbreaking to hear about the victims of
human trafficking. Trafficking has become the second largest criminal
industry in the world and this week the Houseof Representatives fought
back, passing six bipartisan bills designed to combat human-trafficking
and provide improved support for its victims. This legislation helps
us move closer to ending this continuing evil and allowing its victims
to stop living in the shadows.
The fight against human
trafficking is one we must win in order to protect our children, both
at home and abroad. An estimated 50,000 people are trafficked each year
and about 400,000 domestic minors are involved in trafficking in the
United States. 83 percent of trafficking victims found within America
were U.S. citizens with the average age being between 12 and
14.
This is not a small problem, and while these bills are just
the beginning, they represent true progress towards eliminating human
trafficking once and for all.
More American Energy, Means More American
Jobs:
Energy security and job creation remain a strong
priority for Americas new Congress. This week the House passed
important, bipartisan legislation to expedite approval for liquefied natural
gas exports and the Senate approved another bipartisan bill to move us
closer to completing the Keystone XL pipeline.
Together
these bills show a Congress focused on uniting to create tens of
thousands of jobs and strengthen energy security in America, while helping
reduce Europes dependence on Vladimir Putin. These pieces of
legislation represent significant steps in the right direction and it is up to
the President to decide if he is serious about helping Americans get
back to work by supporting our common-sense solutions.
National Federation of the Blind Meeting:
It was
great to meet with Rob Tabor and Renee Morgan, who were on Capitol Hill
this week representing the National Federation of the Blind of
Kansas.
Share on
Twitter Share on Facebook
Tell a
Friend
E-mail:
E-mail:
E-mail:
Washington, DC
Office
1526 Longworth HOB
Washington, D.C. 20515
Phone: (202) 225-6601
Fax: (202) 225-7986
Pittsburg Office
1001 N. Broadway Street #C
Pittsburg, KS 66762
Phone: (620) 231-LYNN (5966)
Fax: (620) 231-5972
Topeka
Office
3550 SW 5th Street
Topeka, KS 66606
Phone: (785) 234-LYNN (5966)
Fax:
(785) 234-5967
Independence Office
120 N. 6th Street
Independence, KS
67301
Phone: (620) 231-LYNN
(5966)
Fax: (620) 231-5972
Unsubscribe
|
Update My Profile
|
Privacy Policy
gateway mail
end 