
If you are having trouble viewing this message or would like to share
it on a social network, you can
view the message online .
Website
About David
Contact
Serving
You
Media
Center
Legislative Work
District
January 16, 2015
Protecting Low Income
Communities
Excessive regulations have been a drain
West Virginias economy, especially the energy, manufacturing, and
agriculture sectors.
One of my top priorities for the new Congress
is continuing my fight against overregulation.
The House passed
an important bill this week to ensure a fairer, more
transparent, and more accountable rulemaking process for federal
bureaucracies.
Regulations cost the American economy nearly $2
trillion a year, averaging $15,000 per family.
I supported the
Regulatory Accountability Act and also offered
an
amendment that ensures that agencies take into consideration the
impacts of low income communities when they develop these
regulations.
Burdensome regulations have a real impact on families across this
country, especially in economically-depressed communities.
These people deserve our compassion and empathy, not more rules that take
money out of their wallet.
Rather than blindly issuing
regulations in pursuit of ideological goals, agencies must consider the impact
they will have on American
families.
Preventing Executive Overreach on
Immigration
This week the House resumed its battle against the Presidents
unconstitutional actions on immigration by passing legislation to
prohibit any tax-payer money from being used to carry-out President
Obamas illegal executive amnesty orders.
With this bill to fund
the Department of Homeland Security (DHS), I voted to restore and
respect the constitutional separation of powers.
The United
States is a nation of laws, and one man should not be able to change
those laws because he is not getting his way. All elected officials take
the same oath to defend the Constitution, and today, the House
fulfilled its duty.
This legislation would stop President Obamas
selective enforcement of the nations immigration laws while fully-funding
border security and other priorities, such as counter-terrorism and
cybersecurity.
One amendment to the bill, the
House voted to stop the executive action that gives illegal aliens work
permits and federal benefits.
This legislation now heads to the
Senate for consideration.
Since President Obamas
November declaration that he would not enforce immigration law, I have
received thousands of phone calls, emails, and letters from constituents
urging Congress to stand for the rule of law. This vote is another
effort to enforce our laws and secure our
border.
Helping our Volunteer
Firefighters
This week the House passed the Protecting Volunteer Firefighters
and Emergency Responders Act (H.R. 33), which will exempt volunteer
firefighters and emergency medical providers from the employer mandate
under Obamacare.
Last year the Obama Administration made an
announcement that it would ensure fair treatment for volunteer
firefighters and emergency responders under the Affordable Care Act and
clarified they would not be subject to the Obamacare mandate. The
announcement was made after pressure from Congress and the public, caused the
Administration to back down from their initial stance. The Protecting
Volunteer Firefighters and Emergency Responders Act solidifies this
decision by making it law.
We appreciate the volunteer
firefighters in our district that had brought this issue to our attention
and helped raise awareness of the problem. With this permanent solution
we hope this will better ensure protection for our volunteer
firefighters and emergency
responders.
Wild and Wonderful
With winter now in full
force, West Virginia has much to offer to those looking for some winter
fun.
Thanks to our natural beauty and rugged terrain, West
Virginia has some of the best winter sports activities in the Mid-Atlantic
and Southeast. The Mountain State offers one of the longest seasons in
the region for downhill and cross-country skiers, snowboarders and
snow tubing fans.
The
First Congressional District provides numerous choices for both West
Virginians and out-of-staters looking to take advantage of recent
snowfalls.
The
Canaan Valley Resort and
Blackwater Falls State Park are perennial favorites for
winter sports enthusiasts of all abilities.
I was pleasantly
surprised to see another local spot, the
White Grass Ski
Touring Center in Davis, was also recently profiled in a Washington
Post article for its cross country skiing offerings .
Wintertime does not mean that theres a shortage of things to do in our
state.
On the contrary, theres no better time of the year to see what
makes West Virginia wild and
wonderful!
Planning a Trip to
Washington?
Visiting Washington is an exciting and educational experience. My door is
always open, so please doesnt hesitate to stop by my office. In
addition,
my staff can serve as a resource to you in
booking tours for your trip.
If you want an
appointment just give my office a call at 202-225-4172, or submit a
request on my website at
www.mckinley.house.gov .
What do you think? Do you think Congress or the President should be
in charge of immigration reform? Congress President Other/Don't
Know *By answering this survey, you are subscribing to my
newsletter. If you are having trouble, click here. Share on
Facebook Share on
LinkedIn Share on Twitter Survey Results Do you support the construction of the Keystone XL
Pipeline? Answer Total Yes 74.56% No 23.53% Other
1.91%
Washington, DC
412 Cannon
HOB |
Washington, DC 20515
Phone:
(202) 225-4172 |
Fax:
(202) 225-7564
Morgantown
709 Beechurst
Ave.
Suite 29
Morgantown, WV 26505
Phone:
304.284.8506
Wheeling
Horne Building
1100 Main Street, Suite
101
Wheeling, WV 26003
Phone: (304) 232-3801
Fax:
304-232-3813
Parkersburg
Federal
Building
425 Juliana Street
Suite
1004
Parkersburg, WV 26101
Phone: (304) 422-5972
Unsubscribe
|
Update My
Profile
|
Privacy Policy
