
Protecting America From Iran &amp; Nuclear Weapons
The Senate Banking Committee met on Thursday morning to consider legislation that would impose additional sanctions on Iran in an effort to thwart the country's dangerous nuclear ambitions. With bipartisan support,
the Committee adopted my amendment
that Congress should vote on any final agreement about Iran's nuclear program.
Earlier in the week, I voiced my opinion about how to best protect our country and allies from a tyrannical Iranian regime that is getting closer and closer to developing nuclear weapons every day.
We must pass an Iran sanctions bill that is at least as strong as the Nuclear Weapons Free Act of 2013, which had considerable bipartisan support. President Obama should seek to halt any uranium enrichment capabilities by Iran in any final agreement that is reached.
You can watch my remarks at the committee hearing
here . I also joined
MSNBC's Morning Joe
to share my thoughts on this issue. You can watch that segment
here .
Fighting For A Cleaner Environment &amp; Jobs
I am thrilled to be a part of the new Republican majority in the Senate. We have restored the Senate back to the deliberative body it was intended to be. In fact, it only took the first three weeks of 2015 to vote on more amendments than we did under Democratic control during the entire year of 2014. Last week, the Senate voted on my coal energy amendment that would have protected Pennsylvania's environment and jobs.
While
my amendment
received 54 votes from Republicans and Democrats, unfortunately it did not reach the 60-vote threshold needed to be adopted. I will continue working to pass common-sense legislation to help the people of Pennsylvania.
Protecting Veterans &amp; Scaling Back Obamacare
I have some great news. On Wednesday, the Senate Finance Committee unanimously approved a bipartisan bill that will continue to help chip away at the President's flawed health care law and help veterans at the same time.
The " Hire More Heroes Act ," of which I am a cosponsor, allows companies which hire veterans who have health insurance through the Department of Veterans Affairs to exclude such workers from their total employee count under the job-killing Obamacare employer mandate.
I am happy that we have taken this step toward undoing some of the harmful consequences of Obamacare. The employer mandate is stifling some of our small businesses and our economy. It has made it harder for Pennsylvania companies to grow and hire more workers, including veterans. It's great to see my colleagues on both sides of the aisle working together to help those who have served our country.
Remembering A Pennsylvania Hero
On December 4, 2006, Specialist Ross A. McGinnis was on patrol in Northeast Baghdad, Iraq as a machine gunner. A grenade was thrown at his vehicle and landed in his gunner hatch, falling beneath him. Specialist McGinnis covered the grenade with his own body, sacrificing his life so his crew could survive.
We owe a debt of gratitude for this heroic act that we can never repay. As a small gesture on our part, I joined with Representative Glenn "GT" Thompson in
introducing a bill
to designate the U.S. Post Office in Specialist McGinnis' hometown of Knox, Pa. after this fallen hero. When his name is above the door, it will serve as a reminder of the sacrifices made by the brave men and women in our military.
If you are ever in Washington, D.C., I encourage you to visit his grave at Arlington National Cemetery in section 60, site 8544.
#PatsFacts
The smiley emoticon was invented at Pennsylvania's Carnegie Mellon University by Professor Scott Fahlman in 1982. :-)
Be sure to stay up to date on #PatsFacts and my work in Pennsylvania and Washington by following me on
Facebook
and
Twitter !
ALLENTOWN, PA
PH: (610) 434-1444
ERIE, PA
PH: (814) 453-3010
HARRISBURG, PA
PH: (717) 782-3951
JOHNSTOWN, PA
PH: (814) 266-5970
PHILADELPHIA, PA
PH: (215) 241-1090
PITTSBURGH, PA
PH: (412) 803-3501
SCRANTON, PA
PH: (570) 941-3540
WASHINGTON, D.C.
PH: (202) 224-4254
UNSUBSCRIBE
