DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.0 Transitional//EN" "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml1/DTD/xhtml1-transitional.dtd"
Email Newsletter
Recently in Washington
Last week, the final scheduled week in session for the 113 th
Congress, the House passed H.R. 5781, the California Emergency Drought Relief Act of 2014, by a vote of 230-182.
The bill addresses the severe water shortages in California.
The House also passed S. 2244, the Terrorism Risk Insurance Program Reauthorization Act of 2014, by a vote of 417-7.
It extends the Terrorism Risk Insurance Act for six years.
Finally, the House passed the Consolidated and Continuing Appropriations Act, known as the Cromnibus, by a vote of 219-206.
This legislation funded 11 out of the 12 annual appropriations bills through the remainder of the fiscal year.
Congressman Simpson was supportive of all three bills.
Simpson Touts Vital Idaho Priorities Included in Cromnibus
INL, PILT, Sage-Grouse, White Potatoes included in WIC, A-10, Limitation of Clean Water Act rules
Idaho Congressman Mike Simpson last week applauded the passage of H.R. 83, the Fiscal Year (FY) 2015 Consolidated and Further Continuing Appropriations bill that included many important provisions for Idaho and Western States.
This bill represents an important step for Congress toward fulfilling its constitutional responsibility to fund government operations through the regular process, said Simpson.
When we fail to pass annual appropriations bills, we fail to look critically at how agencies spend taxpayer dollars, and lose opportunities to make government work better.
We can point to dozens of examples in this bill that support conservative priorities and represent good government that would not have been supported had we continued to fund the government through a Continuing Resolution.
Simpson is Chairman of the House Appropriations Subcommittee on Energy and Water Development and Vice Chairman of the House Appropriations Subcommittee on Interior and Environment and had a key role in deciding funding levels for Department of Energy and Department of Interior programs, including the following highlights:
Energy and Water Development
I am pleased to report that the Energy and Water portion of the omnibus rejects cuts to nuclear research sought by the Obama Administration and increases funding for many of the vital programs at INL, said Chairman Mike Simpson. Weve worked very hard with the Lab and the people of Eastern Idaho to promote INL, and the funding in this bill will advance the critical contributions that INL makes toward a broad energy security policy in the United States.
This bill will have a lasting impact on enhancing the current capabilities of INL and building new, unique capabilities that are essential to the world class researchers at our national laboratory.
DOEs Office of Nuclear Energy is funded at $914 million, an increase of $24.3 million over the FY14 funding level. Nuclear energy research and development programs that receive funding within the $914 million allocation include several of the following:
- The Idaho Operations and Infrastructure account, which covers infrastructure maintenance and improvements at Idaho National Laboratory, is funded at $200.6 million
a $20 million increase over last year.
- The National Science User Facility program is funded at $36.5 million
an increase of $18 million above the Presidents request.
Increases under this program are directed to fully complete the installation of post-irradiation examination equipment at INLs Irradiated Materials Characterization Laboratory (IMCL).
- Small Modular Reactor Licensing Support Programs are funded at $55 million.
This funding is slated for NuScale Powers Small Modular Reactor which is proposed for construction in Idaho.
- The Light Water Reactor Sustainability program, which is managed by INL and promotes the continued safe operation of Americas existing nuclear reactors, is funded at $35 million, an increase of $5 million over FY14 and the budget request.
- The Reactor Concepts Research, Development, and Demonstration account is funded at $133 million
an increase of $20 million above fiscal year 2014 and $32.5 million above the Presidents request. Within the overall $133 million level for this account, $33 million is allocated to fuel qualification for the High Temperature Gas Reactor, $11 million above the budget request.
- The Advanced Fuels program within Fuel Cycle Research and Development is funded at $60.1 million, the same as last year and $17 million above the Presidents budget request, and Used Nuclear Fuel Disposition research and development is funded at $49 million, $19 million above FY14.
Within the Office of Naval Reactors, the bill includes $68 million for the operation of the Advanced Test Reactor, an increase of $1.5 million above FY14.
Within the Office of Electricity Delivery and Energy Reliability, the bill includes $5 million to continue development of an Electric Grid Test Bed program to enhance existing full-scale electric grid testing capabilities like those at Idaho National Laboratory.
The bill also provides $380 million for cleanup activities associated with the Idaho Cleanup Project and the Advanced Mixed Waste Treatment Project co-located on the Idaho desert with Idaho National Laboratory. This represents an increase of $13 million above the Presidents request to fully support workplan alignments needed for Idahos transuranic waste program as a result of the closure of the Waste Isolation Pilot Plant.
Includes an additional $2 million for the National Spent Fuel Program, putting the unique expertise of INL to work in order to provide solutions for managing the Department of Energys inventories of spent nuclear fuel.
Prohibits the U.S. Corps of Engineers from requiring Clean Water Act section 404 permits for certain agricultural activities, such as construction and maintenance of farm or stock ponds or irrigation ditches.
Directs the U.S Environmental Protection Agency and the U.S. Department of the Army to withdraw the interpretive rule, U.S. Environmental Protection Agency and the U.S. Department of the Army Interpretive Rule Regarding the Applicability of the Clean Water Act 4 Section 404(f)(1)(A). Section 404 of the Clean Water Act exempts certain agricultural activities, such as soil and water conservation practices, from regulation. The interpretive rule would have limited that exemption significantly.
Interior and Environment Appropriations Subcommittee
Im pleased with a number of public lands provisions in this bill that will have a direct and positive impact on Idaho, said Simpson.
PILT funding is crucial to Idaho counties, and adequate funding for wildfire suppression is essential, so Im very glad that this bill fully funds both of those priorities.
In addition, the language delaying the sage-grouse ESA listing decision is extremely important to our state.
Stakeholders in Idaho have worked hard to create a management plan that will prevent the listing of sage-grouse as an endangered species.
Yet even stakeholders who have been at the table since the beginning of this process are concerned that the court-imposed listing deadline has resulted in less collaboration and rushed decisions.
They need more time to do the proper work that will warrant a decision not to list the species.
By delaying the listing decision, we can provide the BLM with time to do the job right.
Full funding of the Payment in Lieu of Taxes (PILT) program, which compensates counties for the losses in property tax as a result of a high percentage of federal land.
Idaho counties received $28,579,192 in PILT funding for FY14.
Language prohibiting funding for writing a rule to list the greater sage-grouse as an endangered species, providing stakeholders additional time to craft management plans that would work to prevent a listing.
Full funding for wildfire suppression operations at the 10-year average, as well as $65 million for the Forest Service to acquire needed airtankers to fight wildfires, allowing the agency to phase out antiquated aircraft.
Extends language making litigation costs more transparent and extending requirements that litigants exhaust administrative review before litigating grazing issues in Federal court.
Restores $1 million to compensate ranchers for livestock killed by wolves; and
Prevents agencies from limiting recreational shooting and hunting on federal lands.
Defense
Im very pleased that my colleagues have shown wide recognition and support for the importance of keeping the A-10, said Simpson.
The A-10s past combat performance is lauded by both the service members that operate them and those who rely on them for close air support on the battlefield.
While I certainly acknowledge that the Air Force must make difficult decisions in this time of reduced budgets, the A-10s low operating costs and unique capabilities merit our continued support until an appropriate replacement can be identified.
Denies the administrations request to retire any A-10 close-air support aircraft, and provides $337.1 million to keep A-10s flying in FY15.
Prohibits funds from being used to transfer or divest AH-64 Apache helicopters from the Army National Guard to active Army in FY15.
Agriculture and Rural Development Subcommittee
Fresh potatoes have been excluded from the WIC program despite their widely known nutritional value, said Simpson. This bill corrects the exclusion of fresh potatoes and allows WIC participants to make wholesome food choices for their young families.
Includes a provision lifting a ban on white potatoes from the Women, Infants and Children (WIC) program.
This language, drafted by Congressman Simpson, ensures that fresh white potatoes and all varieties of fresh vegetables are eligible for purchase through the WIC program.
The House passed H.R. 83 on December 11 th , and the Senate passed the bill on December 13 th . The bill now heads to the Presidents desk to be signed into law. Links to the bill text and reports can be found here:
http://rules.house.gov/bill/113/hr-83
Simpsons Newborn Screening Bill Passes Congress and Heads to Presidents Desk
Reauthorizes Landmark 2008 Newborn Screening Bill
The House of Representatives has unanimously passed the Newborn Screening Saves Lives Reauthorization Act, co-authored by Congressman Mike Simpson and Congresswoman Lucile Roybal-Allard (CA).
The bill will reauthorize newborn screening programs for five years while updating and building upon the landmark 2008 Newborn Screening Saves Lives Act first offered by Simpson and Roybal-Allard.
I am pleased to see the House pass the Newborn Screening Saves Lives Reauthorization Act and send it to the President for his signature, said Congressman Simpson. I am so grateful to Congresswoman Roybal-Allard for her dedication to this issue.
She has truly led the way in making this bill a reality.
I have repeatedly said that this bill is as important as any we will pass this year, Simpson continued. These crucial screening tests detect conditions that are too often undetected at birth and if left untreated can cause disability, developmental delay, illness, or even death.
Conditions quickly identified lead to better outcomes and saved lives, often at a reduced cost.
Congresswoman Roybal-Allard added, Our collective efforts to rapidly identify and treat these disorders are making a difference between health and disability, and even life and death, for the children affected by these severe diseases.
Newborn screening is run by individual states, but the original 2008 Newborn Screening Saves Lives Act first encouraged states to uniformly test for a recommended set of disorders, and provided resources for individual states to grow their own screening programs.
Before that legislation, state screening varied greatly, with only 10 states requiring infants to be screened for all the treatable core conditions recommended.
Today, most states require screening for at least 29 of the 31 core conditions.
The test consists of a simple prick on the heel of newborns before they leave the hospital.
That blood sample tests for serious genetic, metabolic, or hearing disorders that may not be apparent at birth.
Without the test, parents may have no way of knowing their child needs treatment.
Newborn screening represents a major public health success story that has preserved the lives and health of tens of thousands of newborns, stated March of Dimes President Dr. Jennifer L. Howse.
The March of Dimes is deeply grateful to Rep. Mike Simpson for being a tireless champion of the Newborn Screening Saves Lives Reauthorization Act.
With this legislation, we have ensured that the over 20,000 babies born in Idaho each year will continue to receive potentially life-saving newborn screening tests.
Besides the obvious benefit to families who suffer an enormous emotional and economic burden when a one of these conditions goes undiagnosed for too long, this legislation is a powerful tool for savings in our already overburdened health care system, added Simpson. As a former dentist, I have seen the value of diagnosing and treating a condition early in a childs life, and this bill will help strengthen newborn screening across the country.
One example is found in a 2012 study on severe combined immunodeficiency, known as SCID, which is one of the 31 core conditions recommended for state screening.
The Medicaid cost of treating a baby with SCID in the first two years can be $2 million dollars or more.
Yet an infant diagnosed early can be cured through a bone marrow transplant in the first three months of life, costing $100,000.
The amended bill already passed in the Senate, and now with House passage heads to the Presidents desk for a signature.
In the News
Gowen A-10s get Capitol Hill reprieve -- for now
By
Scott Logan , Dec 12, 2014, KBOI
BOISE -- The A-10 ground support aircraft at Gowen Field are affectionately called the Warthogs.
And the trillion dollar spending bill passed Thursday night by the U.S. House of Representatives provides funding to keep Gowen's Warthogs and more than a dozen Apache helicopters aloft -- at least through 2015.
The Senate must still pass the bill to keep the government open, but the Idaho National Guard's first reaction is relief
"The National Guard is a great contributor to the economy of the Treasure Valley as well as the state of Idaho," said Col. Tim Marsano, guard spokesman. " And I can tell you
for the hundreds of people who may have lost their jobs as a result of losing the Apaches and the A-10S, they're very grateful."
But the Pentagon wants to scrap these planes and some 300 other A-10s around the country and replace them with the more modern F-35 for almost $4 billion in
savings.
The move would dramatically alter both the mission and the future of the National Guard presence at Gowen Field.
In a statement, Rep. Mike Simpson, who sits on the House Appropriations Committee, said: "I'm very pleased that my colleagues have shown wide recognition and support for the importance of keeping the A-10."
State and local leaders in Idaho have been collaborating to preserve, even expand, the mission of the Idaho National Guard.
And while politicians continue the debate, the Idaho Guard will stay focused.
"It looks like we're going to be keeping the Apaches and the A-10s, at least for another year," said Marsano. "And while we have them, we will continue to maintain and fly them at the highest possible level."
Contact Mike
Issues
Other News
MEDIA CENTER
March of Dimes Thanks Simpson for Newborn Screening Bill
If you are having trouble reading this message, try viewing the
web version
BIOGRAPHY
|
NEWS CENTER
|
ISSUES
|
SERVICES FOR YOU
|
2ND DISTRICT
|
CONTACT
Click Here Click Here