
District Update | January 24, 2015
Click here
if you have trouble viewing this email
Resident Spotlight:
Helping a Vancouver vet with VA benefits
Rocky Cortese, a retired Navy veteran living at Community Home and Hospice in Vancouver, found out the VA had unexpectedly cut off his benefits. The VA said his income was too high to qualify for them.
After the VA rejected Rockys appeal, he was afraid he wouldnt be able to afford to stay in his home. Rockys family reached out to me for help.
My office contacted the VA and upon closer examination, the VA realized they made a huge mistake in recording Rockys income. They immediately reinstated Rockys benefits and he was able to stay in his home.
Are you having an issue with a federal agency? My office is here to help! Please contact us at (360) 695-6292 or by visiting
JHB.House.Gov
The cost of federal regulations on Southwest Washington (VIDEO)
Did you know that the cost of federal regulations on our economy is equal to a $15,000 burden on each American household?
Its only been a few short weeks since the beginning of the year and already federal agencies have gotten busy writing new regulations.
Unfortunately, the substance of many of these rules, and the sheer volume of those produced, creates a confusing regulatory maze for small businesses to navigate.
Since small businesses create nearly three out of every four new jobs in the U.S., clearing away the unnecessary red tape from federal agencies is one of the most critical actions Congress can take to empower this nations job creators. Thats why last week, I joined my colleagues in passing the
Regulatory Accountability Act , which requires federal agencies to consider the economic impact of new regulations and implement them in the most cost effective way.
I spoke to my colleagues on the U.S. House floor urging them to join me in passing this commonsense legislation.
Click here to watch the short video.
TOP NEWS
COLUMBIAN : Lawmakers vow to avoid gridlock in Congress
READ MORE HERE
CHRONICLE : Herrera Beutler Named to New Subcommittees
READ MORE HERE
Forward to a Friend
|
Share on Facebook
|
Share on Twitter
|
Permalink
Washington, DC Office
1130 Longworth HOB
Washington, DC 20515
Phone: (202) 225-3536
Fax: (202) 225-3478
Vancouver Office
O.O. Howard House (Officers' Row)
750 Anderson Street, Suite B
Vancouver, WA 98661
Phone: (360) 695-6292
Fax: (360) 695-6197
UPDATE SUBSCRIPTION OPTIONS
|
PRIVACY POLICY
|
CONTACT US
Click Here Click Here