
Website
|
About
|
Contact Me
|
Serving You
|
Media Center
|
Legislative Work
|
Our District
|
Resources
January 26, 2015
The Scalise Capitol Report
Protecting the Lives of the Unborn
The right to life is our most fundamental and precious gift from God. Thursday, on the 42nd anniversary of Roe v. Wade, the House passed critical legislation that not only codifies the Hyde Amendment, but also is a major step forward in the defense of the sanctity of life. It is wholly offensive to me that taxpayer funds would be used for abortions, and this important bill protects hard-working taxpayers from being forced to fund abortions. That day, I was proud to also participate in Washingtons March for Life and stand alongside the thousands who defend the lives of the unborn. We should all work together to promote a culture that respects life at every stage, and I will continue fighting for the American values that make our country great.
I was honored to join the pro-life generation on the National Mall before the march and then speak with Louisiana students who made the trip to D.C.
Louisiana Brings Mardi Gras to DC
Washington Mardi Gras is a long-standing tradition in which our nations capital gets a taste of the one-of-a-kind Louisiana culture and heritage and a look at the issues that matter to our state. Last week we celebrated the 67th year of the event, which welcomed Louisiana royalty, Cajun cuisine, and plenty of purple, green, and gold. Here are a few photos of the groups I had the opportunity to meet with this year. I always appreciate hearing about how I can best represent and serve Louisianas First Congressional District.
Sharing duties of House Whip
with Louisiana royalty
Hosting the Louisiana
Chemical Association
Discussing Red Snapper and oyster reef
issues with the Gulf Seafood Institute
Meeting with the
Port of New Orleans
Talking economic development and flood protection with St. Tammany Parish President Pat Brister
Hosting an open house in the Lincoln Room!
Finding Common Ground
In last weeks State of the Union Address we heard President Obama double down on a number of failed policies that have held our economy back and increased our national debt. Despite his claims, his proposals are not "middle class economics." In fact, nearly 80 percent of the American people will not even qualify for any of the presidents proposed spending and tax credits. The president needs to abandon the failed old way of doing things, and find common ground with us on new approaches to get our country back on track. One area of common ground in the presidents speech was his request for the renewal of trade promotion authority. I am strongly supportive of increased free trade, which will strengthen exports and create stronger strategic partnerships around the globe that will benefit our nation's economy as well as the people of southeast Louisiana and specifically the Port of New Orleans. House and Senate Republicans are ready to work with the White House to lower barriers for U.S. exports, strengthen the U.S. manufacturing base, and create good-paying American jobs. Another area where Republicans stand ready to work with the president is protecting Americans from cyber attacks. As weve seen, there are real threats, both in the public and private sectors, that place a risk on data and privacy. Congress is continuing to work on legislation to protect the privacy and data of the American people. There is a real opportunity for the president to work with Congress to solve these problems and we invite him to join us as we solve these problems so we can create a healthy economy.
Click on the photo above to watch me share the steps Congress has taken to increase cyber security in our natio n.
It is an honor to represent you in Congress. For more information please visit my
website ,
Twitter ,
Instagram , and
Facebook
pages.
God Bless,
Steve Scalise
House Majority Whip
WEBSITE
|
UNSUBSCRIBE
|
CONTACT
Washington DC Office
2338 Rayburn HOB
Washington, DC 20515
Phone: (202) 225-3015
Houma Office
8026 Main Street
Suite 700
Houma, LA 70360
Phone: (985) 879-2300
Metairie Office
110 Veterans Boulevard
Suite 500
Metairie, LA 70005
Phone: (504) 837-1259
Mandeville Office
21454 Koop Drive
Suite 1E
Mandeville, LA 70471
Phone: (985) 893-9064
Hammond Office
1514 Martens Drive
Suite 10
Hammond, LA 70401
Phone: (985) 340-2185
Click Here Click Here