
JAN
16
News From Senator Ayotte's Office
Dear Friends,
After a busy week in Washington, it's great to be home in New Hampshire where I hit the road today for town hall meetings in Goffstown, Loudon, and Barnstead.
These public forums are part of my ongoing effort to hear directly from Granite Staters, and I appreciated the time area residents took to ask questions on a range of issues, including the budget, the economy, and foreign policy.
New Hampshire residents have a lot on their minds - including concerns about our country's national security and the threats we face from Islamist terrorism.
As you know, one of the important issues I've worked on since arriving in the Senate has been to make sure our country has a common sense detention and interrogation policy to gather the intelligence we need to prevent future attacks and protect American lives.
I continue to be troubled by the administration's renewed effort to release terrorist detainees from Guantanamo Bay in order to fulfill the president's campaign promise of closing the detention facility.
Late Wednesday evening, the administration announced it had transferred yet another 5 Guantanamo detainees while providing virtually no details to the American people regarding the risk the detainees present to our country,
the detainee's affiliations with terrorist groups, or the conditions of their release.
I am particularly troubled that of the five Yemenis who were transferred this week, four were sent to Oman, which shares a border with Yemen.
On Tuesday, I introduced legislation to restrict the transfers of terrorist detainees from Guantanamo in order to best protect Americans and our national security.
This bill would prevent the administration from transferring the most dangerous detainees to other countries and would prevent detainee transfers to Yemen - the headquarters of al Qaeda in the Arabian Peninsula (AQAP) and one of the most dangerous countries on earth. It would also require greater transparency from the administration regarding what terrorist activities detainees have previously been engaged in and what terrorist groups they are affiliated with.
It's a simple matter of honesty with the American people, and the lack of details provided to the public by the administration about these terrorists demonstrates the need for the transparency that my legislation would require.
Like all Granite Staters, I was deeply saddened to learn of the loss of William "Blake" Marston of Concord, a Navy SEAL who died training to conduct missions that keep us safe.
Blake was a patriot who served our nation with honor and courage, and I join all New Hampshire citizens in mourning his loss and honoring his distinguished service. We owe our freedom and security to men like Blake, and my heart goes out to his loved ones at this very difficult time.
Please see below for additional updates from my office.
Ayotte Introduces Legislation Restricting Transfers of Guantanamo Bay Detainees
Senator Ayotte joined Senators John McCain (R-AZ), Lindsey Graham (R-SC), and Richard Burr (R-NC) this week in introducing
legislation
that would restrict transfers of detainees from Guantanamo Bay in order to best protect Americans and our national security. The Detaining Terrorists to Protect America Act of 2015 would suspend international transfers of high and medium risk detainees, prohibit transfers of Guantanamo detainees to Yemen, extend the current prohibition on transfers to the U.S., and increase transparency regarding risk assessments of the remaining Guantanamo detainees.
Read more.
Ayotte Leads New Hampshire Delegation in Calling for More Time and Transparency for Proposed Pipeline
In response to concerns from New Hampshire residents, Senator Ayotte and Senator Shaheen, and Representatives Annie Kuster (D-NH) and Frank Guinta (R-NH) are calling for an open and transparent process to allow more time for citizens to express views before any final decision is made regarding the route for Kinder Morgan's proposed Northeast Energy Direct Project. In letters to Kinder Morgan Public Affairs Director Allen Fore and Federal Energy Regulatory Commission Chairman Cheryl LaFleur, the delegation urged Kinder Morgan and regulators to allow Granite Staters ample opportunity to express their views about the proposed pipeline, and work with all stakeholders to address the concerns of affected communities as the permitting process for the project continues.
"It is imperative that the proposed Northeast Energy Direct Project go through a thorough federal review that provides affected stakeholders in New Hampshire with a meaningful opportunity to participate and express their views. This requires both FERC and Kinder Morgan to conduct an open and transparent process," the delegation wrote. "Therefore, we request that Kinder Morgan provide the public, municipal officials in potentially affected municipalities, and our offices with additional information on the timeline for the current pre-filing phase, and we urge you to extend that timeline to ensure that New Hampshire's residents have a full and equal opportunity to understand, assess, and comment on this project before any decisions are made finalizing the project or its route."
Read the letter.
Following Paris Attacks, Ayotte Urges Homeland Security Hearing on Visa Waiver Program
Following the terrorist attacks in Paris, France last week, Senator Ayotte called for the Senate Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs Committee (HSGAC) to scrutinize the U.S. Visa Waiver Program to ensure that it does not provide terrorists an opportunity to travel to the United States and carry out an attack. In a letter to HSGAC Chairman Ron Johnson (R-WI) and Ranking Member Tom Carper (D-DE), Ayotte, who serves on the Committee, requested a hearing be held as soon as possible to examine the program in the context of the growing threat of foreign fighters to the U.S. Ayotte echoed the concerns of Senator Dianne Feinstein (D-CA), the Vice Chairman of the Senate Intelligence Committee, who underscored the urgent need to review the waiver program, calling it "the Achilles heel of America."
The Visa Waiver Program (VWP) provides for the temporary lawful entry into the United States of nationals from
specified countries
without having to first obtain a visa.
Read the letter.
Ayotte Renews Support for Biennial Budgeting Legislation
Senator Ayotte announced this week she is again supporting bipartisan legislation to help end reckless spending and reform the federal budget process. The Biennial Budget and Appropriations Act would convert Congress' annual appropriations process into a two-year budget cycle, with one year devoted to oversight of wasteful federal programs. The bill was reintroduced by Senator Johnny Isakson (R-GA) and Senator Jeanne Shaheen (D-NH).
"I'm pleased to once again support this bipartisan legislation that would reform our nation's broken budget process," said Senator Ayotte. "Congress should not continue funding our government through short-term extensions and last minute catch-all bills. With a national debt over $18 trillion, it's time to bring New Hampshire common sense to how federal spending decisions are made. This bipartisan proposal will also allow for rigorous oversight of government programs in the second budget year to ensure the most effective and efficient use of taxpayer dollars."
Read more.
Ayotte Helps Reintroduce Bipartisan Bill to Repeal Medical Device Tax
Senator Ayotte this week helped reintroduce bipartisan legislation to repeal the nearly $30 billion medical device tax - an excise tax on medical devices that took effect in 2013 as part of the health care law and stands to harm New Hampshire's medical device industry. Ayotte has visited medical device companies across New Hampshire to hear first-hand from employers about their concerns with the tax, which threatens jobs and stands to increase costs for consumers. She has worked for over four years to roll back the tax, and previously cosponsored the
Medical Device Access and Innovation Protection Act , which was reintroduced this week.
"New Hampshire's medical device industry develops life-saving products and provides quality, good-paying jobs - it's a bright spot in our state's economy," said Ayotte. "That's why I've stood up for our state's medical device manufacturers, the people they employ, and the consumers whose lives they improve by working for over four years to repeal the device tax. I hope the Senate will take up and pass this common-sense measure right away."
Read more.
Ayotte Leads Bipartisan Effort to Minimize Economic Impacts of Potential Decision to Add Northern Long-Eared Bat to Endangered Species List
After a
push
from Senator Ayotte and Senator Amy Klobuchar (D-MN), the U.S. Fish and Wildlife Service (USFWS) announced new steps it is taking to minimize the economic impacts of a potential decision to add the northern long-eared bat to the Endangered Species List. USFWS is currently considering adding the northern long-eared bat to the endangered species list due to the fungal disease known as white-nose syndrome. Adding the bat to the endangered species list could negatively impact local economies that depend on the timber industry because it could prohibit harvesting timber from April 1 to September 30 each year to protect the bat's habitat. Klobuchar and Ayotte led a bipartisan effort calling on USFWS to issue a special rule that will provide flexible and practical solutions for affected industries if the bat is listed as threatened, and today the agency announced it has issued the rule.
"Forestry is an important part of New Hampshire's economy, and we need to ensure that federal guidelines don't unnecessarily restrict the timber and forest products industry in our state," said Senator Ayotte. "This announcement is a step in the right direction, and moving forward I'm hopeful we can continue to work together to find a solution that will preserve the northern long-eared bat without negatively impacting the health of our forests and local economy."
Read more.
Photos of the Week
Honoring Retired Air Force Major James Lukeman of Manchester, a Vietnam War veteran, with his Bronze Star citation at today's Goffstown town hall meeting.
Kicking off Merrimack County town hall meeting in Loudon this afternoon.
CLICK HERE TO SHARE THIS NEWSLETTER
Warm Regards,
Kelly Ayotte
United States Senator
Email Kelly
Manchester Office
1200 Elm Street, Suite 2
Manchester, NH 03101 Phone:
603-622-7979
Nashua Office
144 Main Street
Nashua, NH 03060 Phone:
603-880-3335
North Country Office 19 Pleasant Street, Suite 13B
Berlin, NH 03570 Phone:
603-752-7702 Fax:
603-752-7704
Portsmouth Office
14 Manchester Square, Ste 140
Portsmouth, NH 03801 Phone:
603-436-7161
Washington, DC
144 Russell Senate Office Building
Washington, DC 20510
Phone:
202-224-3324
Email Kelly
|
ayotte.senate.gov
|
Unsubscribe
