
If you are having trouble
viewing this message or would like to share it on a social network, you can
view the message
online .
About
Contact
Services
Media Center
Legislation
Issues
Resources
December 22, 2014
Dear
David,
Here is a brief update on my work on behalf of Ventura County's
veterans, local businesses, and Naval Base Ventura
County.
My number one goal has always been to provide the highest level of
constituent services possible. If you need help with a federal agency,
please do not hesitate to contact my district office.
I
hope that you will reach out to me to express your views about
legislation and issues important to you. It is with your input that I can best
advocate for our community.
As we approach the holiday
season, I wish you and your family happy holidays and a prosperous New
Year.
JULIA
BROWNLEY
Member of Congress
Table
of Contents
Brownley Presents the
2014 Congressional Award to Students from Across Ventura
County
Brownley Veterans Bill Gets House
Hearing
Brianna Pitzele from Thousand Oaks Helps Brownley
Cast Vote for ABLE Act
Brownley Presides
Over Hearing on VA Caregiver
Program
Brownley Urges Support for E-2D Advanced
Hawkeye
Brownley Thanks Fall DC Intern
Class
Brownley Presents the 2014 Congressional Award to Students from
Across Ventura County
I had the privilege to
present the 2014 Congressional Award to students from across Ventura
County. The Congressional Award is a voluntary, non-competitive, and
non-partisan award that recognizes young people for achieving goals in
volunteer public service, personal development, physical fitness, and
expedition/exploration. Participants earn Gold, Silver, or Bronze
medals based on the set goals.
Brownley presents 2014 Congressional
Awards to Ventura County
students.
Brianna
Pitzele from Thousand Oaks Helps Brownley Cast Vote for ABLE
Act
I had a very special guest join me to help me cast my vote
this month: Brianna Pitzele from Thousand Oaks. She came to
Washington, D.C. with her family to help pass the ABLE Act, legislation to help
individuals with disabilities and their families plan for the future.
As a supporter of National Down Syndrome Societys mission and a
co-sponsor of the ABLE Act, I know how important legislation like the ABLE
Act is to my constituents like Brianna and the Pitzeles.
Brownley welcomes Brianna
Pitzele from Thousand Oaks to the U.S.
Capitol.
Brownley Presides
Over Hearing on VA Caregiver Program
As Ranking
Member of the House Veterans' Affairs Subcommittee on Health, I take
seriously our responsibility to conduct oversight of Veterans Health
Administration programs to ensure that they are working as intended: to
improve the lives of veterans and their families. The Subcommittee
should also explore the feasibility and costs associated with expanding the
Caregiver Program to family caregivers of pre-9/11 veterans. Given
the scope of the program, and the magnitude of the issue, I will work to
get a follow-up hearing so that we may address other concerns that
have been raised by Veteran Service Organizations across the country and
other important stakeholders.
Brownley presides over the House Veterans' Affairs
Subcommittee on Health hearing on the VA Caregiver
Program.
Brownley Urges Support for E-2D Advanced Hawkeye
As
co-chair of the E-2D Hawkeye Caucus and representative of Naval Base
Ventura County, home to the E-2D Advanced Hawkeye training center, I am
pleased to support this critical aircraft, which is a game changer for
naval battle management command and control.
My colleagues and I
have urged the House and Senate Appropriations Committee to support full
funding of the FY15 Presidents base budget for the E-2D Advanced
Hawkeye, as well as the additional funding added by the House for a 5th
E-2D aircraft in FY15. The additional aircraft was identified as a
priority in the Navys Unfunded Priority List. The final FY2015
appropriations legislation included additional funding to support for E-2D
Advanced Hawkeye program.
Tell a Friend
E-mail:
Share on
Facebook Share on
Twitter Share on LinkedIn
Washington D.C. Office
1019 Longworth
HOB
Washington, DC 20515
Phone: 2022255811
Fax:
2022251100
Hours: Mon.-Fri. 9:00am-6:00pm
Eastern
Oxnard, CA Office
300 E.
Esplanade Drive, Suite 470
Oxnard, CA
93036
Phone: 8053791779
Fax: 8053791799
Hours:
Mon.-Fri. 9:00am-6:00pm Pacific
Thousand Oaks, CA Office
223 E. Thousand Oaks Blvd., Suite 411
Thousand Oaks, CA 91360
Phone Number: 8053791779
Fax:
8053791799
Hours: Mon.-Fri. 9:00am-6:00pm
Pacific
Unsubscribe
|
Update My Profile
|
Privacy Policy
