 Mail
begin
If you are having trouble viewing
this message or would like to share it on a social network, you can
view the message
online .
December 08, 2014
Dear
Friends,
Last week, the
House acted in direct response to the presidents announcement to
unilaterally change our nations immigration laws.
I voted for, and the
House passed H.R. 5759, the Preventing Executive Overreach on
Immigration Act.
This legislation is not perfect or a quick fix, but it
is another opportunity for Congress to hold the administration
accountable.
The legislation reins in the executive branch from
deferring removal proceedings for categories of illegal immigrants and
nullifies the presidents executive order.
Currently, it awaits
further action by the Senate.
I urge Majority Leader Harry Reid to
bring this bill to a vote on the floor of the
Senate.
National Defense Authorization Act
(NDAA)
While we worked to
stop the presidents trampling of the constitution through executive
action, the House also worked to uphold the Constitution by providing for
the common defense.
Last week, I voted for, and the House
passed
the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal
Year (FY) 2015 .
If we do
not provide for the common defense of our nation, then anything else
that we do is inconsequential.
While upholding my obligation to
spending taxpayer dollars wisely, I remain committed to ensuring that the
U.S. Armed Forces have the proper training and equipment they
need.
Defeating the Islamic
State and Other Terrorist
Organizations
The bill implements responsible policy related to
enduring and current missions in the Middle East.
Destroying ISIL is
vital to the safety and security of the United States.
Terrorism can only be defeated by a sustained and comprehensive approach that
involves our coalition partners.
The NDAA for FY 2015 authorizes
activities to combat this threat, but it does not contain an
Authorization for Use of Military Force (AUMF) against ISIL.
Next
Congress, I look forward to working with my colleagues on an open and
lengthy AUMF debate.
Mississippi National Guards
155 th
The NDAA prevents the transfer of any National Guard
Apache helicopters for FY 2015 and sets up a National Commission on the
Future of the Army.
This is good news for the important mission
of the men and women of the Mississippi National Guards
155 th
Heavy Brigade Combat Team.
The 155 th
plays an
important role in not only the defense of our nation, but also at home
in Mississippi during natural disasters.
I appreciate their
service, and
I will continue to support their
mission .
Military Religious
Freedom
In addition to
providing our Armed Forces with the proper military training and
readiness, an important aspect of quality of life in the military is the
free exercise of religion, a right guaranteed by the Constitution.
In response to attacks on military religious freedoms, the version of
the NDAA that previously passed the House required the Air Force to
rewrite its regulations as they related to service member Chaplin
religious liberty protections.
The House effort was successful, and
the Air Force released new religious liberties regulations in
November.
While I am pleased with this news,
I will
continue to work to safeguard these
freedoms .
As always, please do not hesitate to let me know if you
have questions or if you would like more information about either of
these bills.
You can
contact our
office through the website ,
by phone
or
find me on Facebook .
Stay in touch and God
bless,
Here to Assist
You Contact my office directly or share your support, concerns or suggestions
on legislation via the space below. Contact my office directly or let me know how we can assist you via the
space below. *By answering this
survey, you are subscribing to my newsletter. If you are having
trouble, click here.
Unsubscribe
|
Update My Profile
|
Privacy
Policy
