
Supporting Term Limits
Congress should not be a body of career politicians. That is why I joined Senator David Vitter (R-La.) in introducing legislation that would establish term limits for members of Congress.
Our proposal
would amend the U.S. Constitution to limit members of Congress to three terms in the U.S. House of Representatives and two terms in the U.S. Senate.
I believe term limits would encourage more people to run for office and produce a more diverse group of representatives with valuable real-world experiences. In fact, when I ran for the House of Representatives, I pledged to serve just three terms, and I kept that promise. It's time for Congress to pass legislation that would make term limits the law of the land.
Honoring Our Police
On Saturday morning, I joined a crowd of over 200 Pennsylvanians to honor our brave policemen and policewomen. Those who put on the blue uniform day in and day out across Pennsylvania are overwhelmingly an honorable group that face significant personal risks and make big sacrifices for our security.
Recently, I think our police officers have not gotten the recognition and appreciation they deserve. Some of the anti-police sentiments expressed in New York and Ferguson, Mo. in recent weeks do not represent the view of most Americans. Our law enforcement officers deserve to be recognized for their dedication to preserving the safety of our local communities.
You can read more about this outstanding show of support in the
Philadelphia Inquirer .
Protecting The Environment &amp; Creating Jobs
Along with Senator Bob Casey (D-Pa.), I am introducing a
bipartisan amendment
to the Keystone XL pipeline bill to help clean up our state's environment, encourage affordable energy, and protect jobs.
Pennsylvania has millions of tons of discarded coal refuse left behind by 19th and early 20th century mining operations. This coal refuse is now stacked in gigantic piles across our commonwealth, sometimes only a few hundred feet from homes. These piles pollute our streams with acidic runoff and sometimes catch on fire, emitting dangerous uncontrolled air pollutants and endangering public health.
Fortunately, technology and innovation have led us to specially designed power plants to transform this coal refuse into energy. This process cleans up our rivers and streams by removing millions of tons of coal refuse from neighborhoods across the state.
Unfortunately, poorly drafted EPA regulations threaten the continued operation of these plants. This is why Senator Bob Casey and I are working together to introduce legislation to save these plants along with the jobs of the more than 1,000 Pennsylvanians they employ.
We need to keep these power plants operating to continue improving our environment, sustaining good paying jobs, and powering our economy.
Fighting For Lower Medical Bills &amp; More Jobs
I want to get rid of a tax that is driving up health care costs for all Americans and costing jobs in Pennsylvania. That's
why I joined a bipartisan group
of senators, including Senator Casey, in sponsoring legislation to repeal the medical device tax that was included in the president's health care law.
Under the Affordable Care Act, manufacturers of medical devices, ranging from surgical tools to cochlear implants to defibrillators, are required to pay a 2.3 percent excise tax hike that raises costs for patients and hinders industry innovation, job creation and the overall delivery of quality patient care. The tax, which took effect in January 2013, was expected to cost device manufacturers roughly $194 million per month putting thousands of American jobs at risk, according to the Advanced Medical Technology Association.
Driving up medical bills and eliminating jobs are the last things that Pennsylvania families need these days. Unfortunately, the medical device tax is causing both problems and needs to be repealed.
I am pleased to join Chairman Hatch in co-sponsoring his bipartisan legislation in the Senate to repeal the medical device tax. This costly, job-killing tax is yet another example of how President Obama's health care law is hurting patients, workers, and our economy.
Note: The photo above is from Precision Medical Products in Denver, Pa. Employees there told me that the worst thing government can do is impose unnecessary regulations and taxes that raise the cost of doing business.
#PatsFacts
On Sunday, January 11, 2015, the Golden Globes were co-hosted by Upper Darby (Delaware County) native Tina Fey.
Be sure to stay up to date on #PatsFacts and my work in Pennsylvania and Washington by following me on
Facebook
and
Twitter !
ALLENTOWN, PA
PH: (610) 434-1444
ERIE, PA
PH: (814) 453-3010
HARRISBURG, PA
PH: (717) 782-3951
JOHNSTOWN, PA
PH: (814) 266-5970
PHILADELPHIA, PA
PH: (215) 241-1090
PITTSBURGH, PA
PH: (412) 803-3501
SCRANTON, PA
PH: (570) 941-3540
WASHINGTON, D.C.
PH: (202) 224-4254
UNSUBSCRIBE
