
Official Site
Constituent Services
News
Contact
U.S. Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell&rsquo;s eNewsletter - - Week of January 19, 2015
United States Senate Honors Wendell H. Ford
On Thursday, U.S. Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell delivered remarks on the Senate floor regarding the passing of former United States Senator for the Commonwealth of Kentucky Wendell H. Ford.
Senator McConnell said, &ldquo;A proud Kentuckian who rose from page in the State House to governor of the state, Ford shaped the history of the Commonwealth in ways few others had before him. He never forgot the lessons about hard work he learned while milking cows or tending to chores on the family farm. And this World War II veteran never backed down from a fight either. We imagine he approached his final battle with the same spirit.&rdquo;
Click the image below to view the Senator&rsquo;s floor remarks.
This week, Senators Mitch McConnell and Rand Paul introduced&mdash;and the Senate passed&mdash;a resolution honoring former Senator Wendell Ford. Click
HERE
to read the Senate resolution from the Congressional Record.
To read more about Senator Ford&rsquo;s legacy, click
HERE
for a story from the
Lexington Herald-Leader .
Senate Back to Work: More Roll-Call Amendment Votes This Week than in All of 2014
On Thursday, Senator McConnell spoke on the Senate floor regarding the number of roll-call amendment votes that have already been allowed in the Senate under Republican control. In this week alone, more roll-call amendment votes were allowed than in all of 2014. That&rsquo;s the new Congress getting back to work. That&rsquo;s Washington beginning to function again for the American people.
Click the image below to view the Senator&rsquo;s remarks.
Honoring Dr. Martin Luther King, Jr.
On Monday, Senator McConnell issued the following statement honoring Dr. Martin Luther King, Jr.:
&ldquo;As Americans we honor the memory of a man who stirred the conscience of a nation. Dr. Martin Luther King Jr. had an unswerving commitment to the equality of all Americans, and a firm dedication to seeing America live up to her highest ideals of liberty. More than five decades after his life&rsquo;s work, we know many challenges remain. But we also know that Dr. King&rsquo;s dream is still alive and still inspires America to fulfill the principles of our founding. On this day, let us rededicate ourselves to living in the truth that we are all God&rsquo;s children. In so doing, we can realize Dr. King&rsquo;s words that &lsquo;the beauty of genuine brotherhood and peace is more precious than diamonds or silver or gold.&rsquo;&rdquo;
McConnell Comments on the President&rsquo;s State Of The Union Address
On Tuesday, following President Obama&rsquo;s State of the Union Address, Senator McConnell commented on his speech saying, &ldquo;in order to accomplish things over the last two years of the Obama Administration, he needs to work with the Republican Congress. Much of what he did tonight, you know, new taxes, new spending is sort of the same old thing that we&rsquo;ve heard over the last six years. What I had hoped was the President was going to focus on areas of possible agreement. There are a few: trade, tax reform, infrastructure&mdash;those are the things we need to be concentrating on&hellip;&rdquo;
Click the image below to view the Senator&rsquo;s comments.
March for Life
On Thursday, in support of the annual March for Life held in our Nation&rsquo;s Capital, Senator McConnell said:
&ldquo;Today, countless Americans &mdash; and many Kentuckians &mdash; will gather in Washington to give witness to the idea that a just society begins with defending the most innocent life; and once again, we&rsquo;ll see that the driving force of this movement of compassion has a youthful face. Despite the powerful interests arrayed against them, those participating in today&rsquo;s March for Life are hopeful. They know their cause is just and they are encouraged in the knowledge that the new Republican Senate will no longer keep their voices from being heard, and that senators like myself will work to advance the principles of humanity and respect they march for today.&rdquo;
Senator McConnell Introduces &lsquo;Working Family Flexibility Act&rsquo;
On Thursday, Senators Mitch McConnell and Mike Lee (R-UT) introduced the
Working Family Flexibility Act
to help workers handle the constant challenge of work-life balance by allowing all individuals who work overtime to choose between monetary compensation or comp-time.
&ldquo;The Working Families Flexibility Act will help provide America&rsquo;s workers with the flexible work arrangements they&rsquo;ve told us they need. Countless Americans have become increasingly familiar with the same challenging reality: more and more to do, with less and less time to do it. And while Congress can&rsquo;t legislate another hour in the day, we can help working Americans better balance the demands of work and family,&rdquo;
Senator McConnell said.
&ldquo;I appreciate the opportunity to join Senator Lee in pushing this commonsense proposal to provide private sector workers with compensatory time, which has been a priority of mine throughout my career, and I thank him for his continued work to promote measures important to working families.&rdquo;
Click
HERE
to read more about this legislation from
The Lane Report
in Lexington, Ky.
McConnell Helps Secure Grant to Assist Displaced Workers in Paducah &amp; Madisonville
On Friday, Senator McConnell announced the U.S. Department of Labor (DOL) has approved a competitive federal grant for the West Kentucky Workforce Investment Board (WKWIB) to assist dislocated workers and their families affected by the end of uranium enrichment activities at the Paducah Gaseous Diffusion Plant (PGDP) in Paducah, Kentucky as well as workers in Madisonville.
Senator McConnell encouraged the agency to approve the competitive federal grant on behalf of the PGDP workers in a letter to Labor Secretary Thomas Perez.
Senator McConnell said,
&ldquo;I am proud to continue to support PGDP workers, even after the ceasing of enrichment. I am hopeful the employment services funded through this grant will help these Kentuckians develop marketable skills for new opportunities in the workforce&mdash;including cleanup operations at the facility&mdash;and to help contribute to Western Kentucky&rsquo;s economy.&rdquo;
&ldquo;I want to thank Senator McConnell for his assistance in securing this federal grant and for his commitment to helping workers in Western Kentucky.
This funding will help provide vital training and employment services to hundreds of Kentuckians,&rdquo;
said Sheila Clark, Director of WKWIB.
Click
HERE
to read a news report from
West Kentucky Star
in Paducah, Ky.
In the Media
In Wednesday&rsquo;s print edition, the
Messenger-Inquirer
in Owensboro, Kentucky, featured a story about a local couple who was able to adopt their child from the Democratic Republic of the Congo with the help of Senator McConnell:
The young couple&hellip;are the second of 16 Kentucky families to bring their child home from the Congo with congressional help, McConnell said during a phone interview&hellip;"This is an ongoing area of interest for me," he said. "Kentucky families are in search of children to love and they call us when they run into snags. We try to cut the red tape for them." McConnell said he's also helped Kentucky families adopt from Guatemala and Russia, and that he's assisted with domestic adoptions.
On Tuesday, Senator McConnell hosted a media stakeout in the U.S. Capitol with Senators Shelley Moore Capito (R-WV), Rob Portman (R-OH), and Deb Fischer (R-NE).
L-R: Sens. Capito, Portman, McConnell, Fischer Photo credit: Erin Schaff
Also on Tuesday, Senator McConnell joined in studio Bret Baier, host of
Special Report
on FOX News Channel.
This week, Senator McConnell welcomed to his office in the U.S. Capitol, Tricia Macke, a reporter with FOX19 News in Northern Kentucky/Cincinnati.
Photo credit: FOX19 Tricia Macke
Coming Up&hellip;
This week, Senator McConnell hosted Kentucky Educational Television (KET) in his office in Washington, D.C. Senator McConnell enjoyed sitting down with KET&rsquo;s
One to One
host, Bill Goodman, for a special program,
&ldquo;McConnell: Majority Leader&rdquo; , which will air on Monday, January 26th at 8pm ET/7pm CT on KET and will stream live at
KET.org/live
In a joint interview, Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell and Speaker of the House John Boehner sat down with CBS
60 Minutes
which will air Sunday, January 25th. Be sure to check your local listings for air times.
Photo credit: CBS
Visiting our Nation's Capital
If you&rsquo;re planning a trip to Washington, D.C., please check out Senator McConnell's
website
and visit his office while you are in town. Every week, Senator McConnell welcomes to his office in the U.S. Capitol many Kentuckians from across the Commonwealth to discuss issues of importance to Kentucky. Also, the Senator&rsquo;s office has information on tours, places to visit and local restaurants to help make your trip to the nation&rsquo;s capital one to remember.
Keeping Up With Senator McConnell
Keep up with the latest news and alerts from our nation&rsquo;s capital as well as updates on things happening back home in Kentucky by becoming a fan of Senator McConnell&rsquo;s
Facebook
page, and get the latest news from Senator McConnell&rsquo;s press office on Twitter at
@McConnellPress . Senator McConnell is also on Instagram - Follow him at
@McConnellPress .
Get this newsletter delivered to your inbox by signing up
HERE
Official Site
|
Privacy Policy
|
Unsubscribe
