
If you are having trouble viewing this message
or would like to share it on a social network, you can
view the message online .
January 08, 2015
Update My
Profile
A MESSAGE FROM CONGRESSMAN STENY H. HOYER
The 114th Congress began this week, and I
was honored to be sworn-in to represent Marylands Fifth District for
another term. In this new Congress, I will remain focused on
delivering real results for Fifth District families and continuing to fight to
create jobs and expand economic opportunity. Last year, I was pleased
to hear from so many of you about your thoughts on the most pressing
issues of the day. My office responded to more than 18,000
constituents who wrote letters or sent emails, and we closed out nearly 900
casework files. Please click
here
to review more
highlights from 2014.
Over the next two years, I am
hopeful that Members of both parties will work together in a bipartisian
way to get things done to address the challenges facing our country.
Together, we can help build a better and brighter future for communities
across the Fifth District, the state of Maryland, and our nation.
I thank you again for your continued support, and I look forward to
hearing from you on issues of importance to you and your
families.
As always, thank you for allowing me to share this update with
you. Please continue to share your concerns and insights with me by
contacting my office or connecting with me on
Facebook ,
Twitter , or
YouTube .
With warmest regards, I am
Sincerely yours,
Steny H.
Hoyer
Update My Profile
Unsubscribe
|
Privacy Policy
This is an official e-mail from Congressman Steny Hoyer. You
have
received this e-mail because you subscribed to
Congressman Hoyer 's
E-Newsletter, authorizing Rep.
Hoyer to send periodic updates to your
e-mail
address.
We are committed to protecting your privacy,
so
your e-mail address will NEVER be sold or
exchanged. If you would like
to unsubscribe from this
newsletter, please reply to this message with
"Unsubscribe" in the subject line.
gateway mail end
