
It&rsquo;s absolutely sickening: Last night President Obama called on Congress to work together to help the middle class.
New York Times:
&ldquo;Republicans immediately rejected most of the proposals that were central to Mr. Obama&rsquo;s address&rdquo;
Friend -- It&rsquo;s absolutely sickening:
Last night President Obama called on Congress to work together to help the middle class.
Within seconds, Republicans like Ted Cruz SLAMMED President Obama, pledging to block his common-sense plans and repeal Obamacare.
You can&rsquo;t let them run over your President. You&rsquo;ve been such an excellent supporter in the past, and we really appreciate all you&rsquo;ve done. But we noticed your membership has expired and you haven&rsquo;t yet renewed for 2015.
Will you renew your membership and stand with President Obama right away?
DSCC Membership Status:
pending
2015 Membership Rate:
$25
(renew membership now)
President Obama&rsquo;s address was absolutely inspiring.
He promised to end tax loopholes that ship jobs overseas, create more opportunities for the middle class, and provide free community college for all Americans.
But as the President called on Republicans to strike compromise and work with him, they refused.
It&rsquo;s so disappointing and angering:
Republicans are so anti-Obama that they refuse to work with him to better the American economy.
Will you stand with your President and fight Republican obstruction by renewing your membership now?
Thanks for standing with your President,
DSCC Breaking News
Democratic Senatorial Campaign Committee
P.O. Box 96047
Washington, DC 20090
Paid for by the Democratic Senatorial Campaign Committee, dscc.org,
and not authorized by any candidate or candidate&#39;s committee.
The DSCC is the only organization solely dedicated to supporting Democrats in the U.S. Senate. This message was sent to dj724530@gmail.com because you are a part of the DSCC&rsquo;s grassroots network. Please add us to your address book or approved senders list to make sure you keep receiving DSCC updates.
Emails are a critical way for us to stay in touch with our grassroots supporters. 99% of the DSCC&rsquo;s contributions come from grassroots donors giving less than $200. We also strive to keep you updated on issues related to the Democratic Party&rsquo;s values.
If you&rsquo;d like to stop receiving emails related to this campaign, please
click here .
If you&#39;d like to make a contribution to support us, please
click here . We are already beginning to prepare for the fight ahead &ndash; reclaiming the majority in 2016. It will take every single grassroots supporter, but we know it&rsquo;s possible with your help. If you&rsquo;d like to stop receiving all emails from the DSCC, please
unsubscribe . We greatly appreciate your continued support.
Contributions or gifts to the DSCC are not tax deductible.
