
Stay
Connected
January 22, 2015
Dear Friend,
We wanted to make sure you saw the below
opinion piece by Rep. Jim Renacci that was
published in Roll Call today. In the piece,
he discusses why Congress must act now to
address the sustainability of the Highway
Trust Fund and a framework for legislation
that he is in the midst of
developing.With the fund running out
in May of 2015, its critical that
lawmakers start working together now to
come up with a plan. Read the op-ed
here or
below.
Commentary: We Must Reinvest In Our
Crumbling Infrastructure
By Jim Renacci
Roll Call
January 22, 2015
http://tinyurl.com/lp7nkfn
Last year, Americas deteriorating
roads cost drivers more than $67 billion in
repairs and operating costs, or about $324
per driver. Subpar and sometimes dangerous
road conditions are quickly becoming a
widespread problem throughout the country.
Unless action is taken to reinvest in our
failing infrastructure, the long-term cost
to our economy and taxpayers will be
devastating.
Maintenance of our highway system falls
jointly on the states and the federal
government, with about 80 percent of
highway funding coming from the federally
administered Highway Trust Fund. Currently,
the trust fund allocates about $50 billion
annually to the states for upkeep of the
system. This annual allotment has two major
problems: Were spending about $16
billion more annually than the trust fund
is bringing in, and were not
spending enough to keep our infrastructure
from crumbling.
The funding situation for the Highway
Trust Fund became dire last year, when
Congress was forced to act to temporarily
infuse the fund with money from sources
that have nothing to do with roads and
bridges. This temporary infusion simply
kicks the can down the road, only
sustaining the fund until May, when we will
again have to act to ensure it remains
solvent.
Funding for the Highway Trust Fund comes
from several sources designed as user fees,
including fees on large vehicles and
various fuels. The goal of this structure
is to ensure that those who receive the
benefits of the highway system are also the
ones who pay to maintain it. The most
well-known funding mechanism is the federal
gas tax. Originally implemented at just 1
cent per gallon in 1932, it was last
increased in 1993 from 14.1 cents per
gallon to 18.4 cents per gallon. However,
it is a dwindling funding source for many
reasons.
First, because it isnt indexed
for inflation, the tax only buys about 63
percent of the materials and labor it did
per dollar in 1993. Second, as vehicles
become more efficient, or switch to
alternative fuel sources, the gas tax
collects less and less money per mile
driven. These factors have contributed
significantly to the looming insolvency of
the trust fund.
To this end, I have been working with
colleagues on both sides of the aisle to
develop solutions within a commonsense
framework, without establishing more
government bureaucracy. This framework is
dependent on three pillars: ensuring the
Highway Trust Fund is adequately funded in
the near-term, developing a long-term,
sustainable funding mechanism and
maintaining funding for the trust fund
through a user-pays system.
Adhering to these pillars will ensure the
trust fund is able to keep up with the
demands of our national infrastructure.
The first pillar, adequately funding the
trust fund in the near-term, is crucial due
to the funds looming insolvency in
May of this year. Near-term,
however, should not mean
short-term. Any successful
proposal to extend the solvency of the
trust fund must create certainty and
predictability by ensuring several years of
funding, not several months. Alternatively,
a plan that may raise sufficient revenues
over the long term, but cannot be quickly
implemented, is equally ineffective.
The second pillar, developing a
long-term and sustainable funding
mechanism, will ensure our roads and
bridges not only improve, but never fall
into the state of disrepair that so many
are in today. This second pillar works in
conjunction with the first; by ensuring the
trust funds solvency for the next
several years, innovative solutions
which may need time to be implemented
can be put into place to sustain
the trust fund. This goal of indefinite
sustainability will allow states to plan
adequately, creating certainty and
predictability for construction companies,
workers, and the millions of businesses and
families that rely on safe, reliable
infrastructure every day.
Finally, the third pillar, maintaining a
user-pays funding mechanism
for the Highway Trust Fund, ensures those
who receive the most benefit from our
roadways continue to help keep them
functional. The current structure of fees
to fund the Highway Trust Fund was based on
this user-pays principle, but
due to increases in fuel efficiency and the
advent of alternative fuel vehicles, they
are bringing in less revenue. An updated
user-pays model will allow
the trust fund to bring in funding that is
proportional to the wear placed on our
roads by its users.
As we develop a solution to our national
infrastructure problem, its
important to give due consideration to all
available options, including smart
modifications to our tax code or changes to
the gas tax. Americas infrastructure
is too important to allow it to deteriorate
any further. We must act now to ensure our
highway system is sustainable. Jobs, the
economy and the American people depend on
it.
Wadsworth:
(330) 334-0040 | Parma: (440) 882-6779 |
Washington, DC: (202) 225-3876
Home
|
Privacy
Policy
|
Unsubscribe
This e-mail was sent to dj724530@gmail.com
Click here to unsubscribe
Jim Renacci Office
328 Cannon HOB
Washington, DC 20515
Phone: 202-225-3876
Fax: 202-225-3059