
DEC
12
News From Senator Ayotte's Office
Dear Friends,
As this week draws to a close, I'm pleased to report that the Senate voted overwhelmingly to approve the annual defense authorization bill.
With the threats to our country increasing and many of our service members in harm's way, I am proud that the annual defense bill includes provisions I have introduced and supported to provide our men and women in uniform the resources they need to protect our country, accomplish their missions, and return home safely.
I'm especially pleased that the bill addresses key priorities at the Portsmouth Naval Shipyard and the Pease Air National Guard Base - including authorizing funding for important projects at Pease to prepare for the arrival of the KC-46A, as well as the production of two Virginia class submarines which, with the help of the skilled workers at the shipyard, will protect vital shipping lanes and U.S. national security interests around the world for decades to come.
These measures will help ensure that Portsmouth and Pease remain invaluable national security assets.
This bipartisan legislation also includes provisions I fought for to cut waste at the Pentagon, reform the Pentagon's POW/MIA programs, address sexual assault in the military, and support service members and military families.
In addition, the bill includes my "Never Contract with the Enemy" legislation, which will expand to all government agencies the authority to more quickly sever ties with contractors who funnel taxpayer dollars to enemies of the U.S.
We should not allow U.S. government contracts in any agency to be used to divert money to those fighting against us, and this measure builds on the success of previous provisions I worked to include in the 2012 and 2014 NDAAs that have been credited with preventing $31 million in taxpayer money from going to enemies of the U.S.
See below for more info.
Tonight, Senate leaders are continuing to negotiate a path forward for a vote on legislation to fund the government for the remainder of the fiscal year and prevent a government shutdown.
The appropriations bill passed by the House of Representatives on Thursday, which I support, adheres to the spending limits established by Congress last year and contains full funding for 11 of the 12 regular annual appropriations bills, with the exception of the Department of Homeland Security, which is funded under a temporary extension that expires in February 2015.
It also includes important policy measures to boost manufacturing, prevent Obamacare bailouts for insurance companies, extend the ban on Internet access taxes, and provide schools with greater flexibility on school lunch mandates.
With the Senate under new leadership next year, we should not continue funding our government through short-term extensions and last minute catch-all bills.
As a member of the Budget Committee, I will push for the Senate to conduct a timely, more transparent budget and appropriations process that allows spending bills to be debated and voted on separately.
Please read on for more news from my office.
And with the UNH and UMaine men's hockey teams facing off this weekend, let's go Wildcats!
Defense Bill Approved by Congress Includes Ayotte Provisions to Support Troops, Military Readiness
By a vote of 89 to 11, the U.S. Senate today approved the Fiscal Year 2015 National Defense Authorization Act, which includes numerous proposals authored or cosponsored by Senator Ayotte.
Ayotte is a member of the Senate Armed Services Committee, and serves as Ranking Member (top Republican) of the Armed Services Subcommittee on Readiness and Management Support.
Ayotte Provisions Included in FY 2015 National Defense Authorization Act:
Supporting Portsmouth Naval Shipyard
Senator Ayotte has used her position as a member of the Senate Armed Services Seapower Subcommittee and Ranking Member (senior Republican) on the Readiness and Management Support Subcommittee to
support
Portsmouth Naval Shipyard and the skilled workers there. Ayotte used her position on the Readiness Subcommittee to oppose the Administration's request for another Base Realignment and Closure (BRAC) round in 2017.
In addition, the final defense bill includes provisions she championed that support Portsmouth Naval Shipyard, including the procurement of two Virginia Class submarines in fiscal year 2015.
The authorization of funding for the Virginia Class 10-boat multi-year procurement program, including two submarines as opposed to one in fiscal year 2015, will achieve savings in excess of 15% as compared to annual procurement, lessen a future shortfall in attack submarines, and create an increased demand for maintenance provided by Portsmouth - helping ensure the shipyard remains an invaluable national security asset for decades to come.
The bill also authorizes a $2.7 million energy conservation project at Portsmouth that will upgrade shipyard infrastructure, improve conditions for workers, and reduce energy consumption and utility costs.
Supporting Pease and the KC-46A
Building on her successful and consistent
advocacy
for Pease Air National Guard Base and the 157th Air Refueling Wing, Ayotte used her position as Ranking Member of the Readiness Subcommittee, which is responsible for military construction, to support authorizing $41.9 million for infrastructure upgrades and facilities construction at Pease Air National Guard base in preparation for receiving the KC-46A tanker. To accommodate the KC-46A, the projects will modernize an aircraft ramp refueling system, reconfigure the airfield's parking apron and taxi lanes, and expand and upgrade two aircraft hangars. In fiscal year 2018, Pease will become the first Air National Guard unit to receive the next generation tanker.
Read more.
Watchdog Report Finds Billions Wasted on Tax Refund Fraud
Senator Ayotte this week renewed her call for Congress and the administration to act to address tax refund fraud that costs Americans billions of dollars each year. A
new report
released by the Treasury Inspector General for Tax Administration (TIGTA) found that the IRS paid billions of dollars in improper payments of the Earned Income Tax Credit (EITC) and Additional Child Tax Credit (ACTC) in fiscal year 2013.
"It's unacceptable that the federal government continues to waste billions of taxpayer dollars on improper and fraudulent tax refunds, and this report further underscores the need to reform tax credit requirements in order to prevent such abuse," said Ayotte. "I introduced common sense legislation last year that would have reduced fraud associated with the Additional Child Tax Credit and save an estimated $20 billion over the next 10 years, and this is an issue Congress should take up right away."
Last year, Senator Ayotte introduced legislation to address fraud in the U.S. tax code by requiring filers' children to have a Social Security Number in order to qualify for the Additional Child Tax Credit. The Joint Committee on Taxation estimated this change would save approximately $20 billion over 10 years. In October, she joined Republican and Democrat colleagues in
writing
to IRS Commissioner John Koskinen expressing concerns regarding the agency's failure to develop a plan to prevent identity-theft related tax fraud.
Read more.
Congress Approves Ayotte Bill to Boost TSA Acquisition Accountability
Senator Ayotte applauded House passage of legislation she introduced to help ensure the most effective use of security technology and responsible use of taxpayer dollars at the Transportation Security Administration (TSA). The Senate unanimously approved the bill on December 9 and it now goes to the President to be signed into law.
"This is 'good government' legislation that will boost oversight and bring greater accountability to TSA," said Senator Ayotte. "This bill will improve TSA's acquisition policies to make sure taxpayer dollars are used responsibly and to provide guidance and stability for businesses like Cirtronics in Milford, which helps develop technology and manufactures equipment that we rely on to keep our transportation systems safe."
Read more.
Ayotte-Backed Legislation Aimed At Preventing Sudden Deaths in Children Headed for President's Desk
The House recently passed bipartisan legislation backed by Senator Ayotte that seeks to enhance data collection related to sudden, unexpected deaths in infants and children, provide families with a better understanding of the causes of these tragedies, and ultimately help prevent such deaths from occurring. The bill now goes to the President to be signed into law.
"Nothing is more devastating for a parent than the loss of their child, but it is even more painful to lose a child without understanding how or why such a tragedy occurred," said Ayotte.
"This legislation will improve efforts to promote better collaboration, enhance data collection, and disseminate information to the public and stakeholders in the medical and law enforcement communities - with the goal of increasing awareness and ultimately preventing parents from experiencing the heartbreaking loss of a child."
Read more.
Photos of the Week
With Donald, Amy and Levi McAllister (Bridgewater) at Coffee with Kelly.
The Bock family from Milton stopped by Coffee with Kelly. From left to right: Melissa, Zoe, Senator Ayotte, Adam and Erin.
Stopped by Capitol Police headquarters this week to thank officers for their dedicated service as part of Capitol Police Appreciation Day.
With U.S. Capitol Police officers Chris Gallo and Howie Liebengood.
Was honored to be
recognized
by the U.S. Global Leadership Coalition at their annual Tribute Dinner on Wednesday, a great event highlighting the importance of U.S. leadership and diplomacy.
CLICK HERE TO SHARE THIS NEWSLETTER
Warm Regards,
Kelly Ayotte
United States Senator
Email Kelly
Manchester Office
1200 Elm Street, Suite 2
Manchester, NH 03101 Phone:
603-622-7979
Nashua Office
144 Main Street
Nashua, NH 03060 Phone:
603-880-3335
North Country Office 19 Pleasant Street, Suite 13B
Berlin, NH 03570 Phone:
603-752-7702 Fax:
603-752-7704
Portsmouth Office
14 Manchester Square, Ste 140
Portsmouth, NH 03801 Phone:
603-436-7161
Washington, DC
144 Russell Senate Office Building
Washington, DC 20510
Phone:
202-224-3324
Email Kelly
|
ayotte.senate.gov
|
Unsubscribe
