
If you are having trouble
viewing this message or would like to share it on a social network,
you can
view the message
online .
HOME
ABOUT
ME
CONTACT ME
SERVING YOU
MEDIA
CENTER
OUR DISTRICT
RESOURCES
December 15, 2014
House Passes 2015 Funding Bill
Last week, the House passed the Fiscal Year 2015 Omnibus
Appropriations Bill by a vote of 219-206. The bill includes funding for
most of the federal government through September 30, 2015, but only
funds the Department of Homeland Security under a temporary Continuing
Resolution through February 27, 2015.
While I didnt agree
with every part of this bill, I joined the majority of my
colleagues in voting to fund essential government programs for
2015.
Some important provisions of the bill include funding to combat
the emerging threat posed by the Islamic State in Iraq and Syria
(ISIS), funding to address the domestic and international Ebola crisis,
and increased funding for National Institutes of Health (NIH) to boost
research on Alzheimers, cancer, and heart disease.
This bill spends a little over $176 billion less than
when I walked into Congress four years ago. It cuts discretionary
spending for the fifth year in a row and is the smallest spending bill we
have sent to the president's desk in five years. It adheres to last
years bipartisan budget agreement that projects to save taxpayers $2.13
trillion. It includes no earmarks of any kind.
It includes
no new funding for Obamacare. It slashes funding for the IRS by $345
million and specifically prohibits funds for targeting groups based on
their political beliefs. It cuts funding for the EPA by $60 million
and blocks its attempted power grab in relation to navigable waters. It
prohibits funds for the release or transfer of Guantanamo detainees
to locations in America like Fort Leavenworth. It includes many
common-sense, conservative priorities.
Some members of the media have been misconstruing one provision in
particular that I supported in the Appropriations Committee earlier
in the year. I joined a significant portion of House Democrats and
Republicans in making an improvement to Dodd-Frank that helps strengthen
markets, helps consumers, and provides no additional risk to taxpayers.
The provision repeals Section 716 of Dodd-Frank, which would have
increased transaction costs by requiring banks to push out almost all
derivative business into separate entities. The derivatives associated
with this provision are not the same as the riskier Collateral Debt
Obligations (CDOs) that many blame for causing the mortgage crisis. CDOs
remain subject to the push out even after the adoption of this
provision.
Without this change, small regional banks would be
in danger of being unable to serve the lending needs of their
customers. Ultimately, farmers, manufacturers, and other Main Street
businesses would be harmed the most. I opposed the taxpayer bailouts in 2008
and stand strong by the provisions in existing law that prohibit
bailouts from ever happening again. This fixes an onerous provision of
Dodd-Frank that actually made markets less safe and increased the cost of
lending. It does not make any change to provisions preventing
bailouts.
Lastly, and perhaps most importantly,
the bill only funds the Department of Homeland Security through
February. At that point, with a new Republican majority in the Senate, we
will be in a better position to reevaluate funding levels at DHS related
to the Administrations unconstitutional immigration
order.
Americans are fatigued with the idea of gridlock and government
shutdowns. This bill provides certainty to the markets, ensures that
seniors will receive Social Security and Medicare benefits, and
fulfills Congress' responsibility under Article I, Section 8 of the
Constitution to provide our troops with the resources they need to defend our
nation. It is another step in the right direction away from the
crisis-to-crisis governing we have seen from Harry Reid and the Democrats in
the Senate over the last six years. It removes the uncertainty that
keeps our troops in limbo, not knowing whether they will receive a
paycheck, and that is why I voted for the bill.
Science 2034
Click here to visit the
Science 2034 blog and watch the full video.
Last week, I
sat down with The Science Coalition to film a video for their Science
2034 series. In the video, I touched on the importance of federal
funding for biomedical research and how it impacts institutions like the
University of Kansas Medical Center in my district.
Congressman Yoder speaking with The Science
Coalition in his office.
Click here to follow me on Instagram
@RepKevinYoder.
House Passes Bill to
Prevent Veteran Suicides
Currently, there are over 2 million
veterans of the wars in Iraq and Afghanistan living across the
country. The nature of these wars, and the brutality of the enemy, has
changed the types of injuries the members of our military must deal with as
they return home. These invisible injuries like posttraumatic stress
disorder are harder to diagnose and harder to treat because they do
not always manifest themselves immediately. Sadly, a 2012 report from
the Department of Veterans Affairs noted that an average of 18-22
veterans have committed suicide each day for the last
decade.
That figure is completely unacceptable.
These veterans swore an oath to protect the freedoms we hold dear, and
I swore an oath to provide care for them as they
return.
By a unanimous voice vote, the House of
Representatives acted to do just that last week.
The bipartisan
HR 5059, the Clay Hunt Suicide Prevention for American Veterans Act,
provides for sweeping reforms to address veteran suicide. The bill
increases access to mental health care by creating a one-stop, interactive
website at the VA to be a centralized source of the department's
mental health services. It addresses the shortage of mental health care
professionals by authorizing a student loan repayment pilot program at
the VA. It develops community support systems by directing the VA to
collaborate with non-profit organizations to improve efficiency of
prevention efforts, and requires a yearly evaluation of all VA mental
health practices in order to promote and expand what is working and get rid
of programs that are not.
The bill is named for Clay Hunt,
a Marine veteran and activist who took his own life in
2011.
National World War I Museum and
Memorial
On December 4, the House of Representatives passed HR 3979, the
National Defense Authorization Act, by a vote of 300-119. I was proud to
support this bill not only because it authorizes the Department of
Defense for another year, providing for our national security and ensuring
benefits for our military, but also because it included an important
provision that I have supported since 2011. Last week, the Senate
passed the bill and it awaits the president's
signature.
The provision designates the Liberty Memorial of Kansas City at the
National World War I Museum as the National World War I Museum and
Memorial. It puts Kansas City at the forefront of the nation in honoring
the nearly five million Americans who served overseas during the war.
I was proud to cosponsor the amendment with Congresswoman Vicky
Hartzler, Congressman Sam Graves, and Congressman Emanuel
Cleaver.
The 100 th
Anniversary of the beginning of World War I
occurred earlier this year on July 28, 2014.
Meeting with Kansas
Legislators
From left: Kansas Senator
Forrest Knox, Congressman Yoder, Kansas Senator Elaine Bowers, and
Kansas Representative Tom Moxley.
It was great to get a
visit in Washington from my friends and
former colleagues,
Kansas Senators Elaine Bowers and Forrest Knox, and Kansas Representative
Tom Moxley.
Fact of
the Week
Beginning in January, Republicans will hold 246
seats in the House of Representatives. It ties the largest GOP House
majority since 1947.
Legislative Week in
Review
S. 1434
"To
designate the Junction City Community-Based Outpatient Clinic located at
715 Southwind Drive, Junction City, Kansas, as the Lieutenant General
Richard J. Seitz Community-Based Outpatient Clinic."
PASSED BY VOICE
VOTE
Various other bills naming post offices, courthouses, highways, and VA
Clinics.
PASSED BY VOICE
VOTE
H.R. 5781
"To provide short-term water supplies to drought-stricken
California."
PASSED 230
182
(I VOTED
YES)
H.R.
5185
"To reauthorize the Young Women's Breast Health Education and
Awareness Requires Learning Young Act of 2009."
PASSED
BY VOICE VOTE
H.R. 5705
"To modify certain provisions
relating to the Propane Education and Research Council."
PASSED BY VOICE
VOTE
H.R. 5764
"To authorize the
Great Lakes Restoration Initiative, and for other
purposes."
PASSED BY VOICE
VOTE
S. 2759
"To
release the City of St. Clair, Missouri, from all restrictions,
conditions, and limitations on the use, encumbrance, conveyance, and closure of
the St. Clair Regional Airport."
PASSED BY VOICE
VOTE
H.R. 1378
"To designate the United States
courthouse located at 333 West Broadway in San Diego, California, as the
"James M. Carter and Judith N. Keep United States Courthouse"."
PASSED BY VOICE
VOTE
H.R. 5059
"To provide
for the conduct of annual evaluations of mental health care and
suicide prevention programs of the Department of Defense and the Department
of Veterans Affairs, to review the terms or characterization of the
discharge or separation of certain individuals from the Armed Forces,
and to require a pilot program on loan repayment for psychiatrists who
agree to serve in the Veterans Health Administration of the Department
of Veterans Affairs."
PASSED BY VOICE
VOTE
S. 1691
"To improve the security of the United
States border and to provide for reforms and rates of pay for border
patrol agents."
PASSED BY VOICE
VOTE
S. 1000
"To require the Director of the Office of Management
and Budget to prepare a crosscut budget for restoration activities in
the Chesapeake Bay watershed."
PASSED 416
0
(I VOTED
YES)
S. 2244
"To extend the
termination date of the Terrorism Insurance Program established under the
Terrorism Risk Insurance Act of 2002."
PASSED 417
7
(I VOTED
YES)
H.R. 4681
Intelligence Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2015
ADOPTED 325
100
(I VOTED
YES)
H.R. 2719
Transportation Security Acquisition Reform Act
ADOPTED 425
0
(I VOTED
YES)
H.R. 1204
Aviation Security Stakeholder Participation Act of 2014
ADOPTED 416
5
(I VOTED
YES)
S. 2651
"To repeal certain mandates of the Department of Homeland Security
Office of Inspector General."
PASSED BY VOICE
VOTE
H.R. 5810
"To amend the United States Cotton
Futures Act to exclude certain cotton futures contracts from coverage under
such Act."
PASSED BY VOICE
VOTE
S. 1683
"To provide for the transfer of naval vessels to certain
foreign recipients."
PASSED BY VOICE
VOTE
S. 2142
"To impose targeted sanctions on persons
responsible for violations of human rights of antigovernment protesters in
Venezuela, and to strengthen civil society in Venezuela."
PASSED BY VOICE
VOTE
H.R. 5656
"To
authorize the Feed the Future Initiative to reduce global poverty and hunger
in developing countries on a sustainable basis."
PASSED BY VOICE
VOTE
H.R. 5742
"To
provide to the Secretary of the Interior a mechanism to cancel contracts
for the sale of materials CA-20139 and CA-22901."
PASSED BY VOICE
VOTE
H.R. 4007
Protecting
and Securing Chemical Facilities from Terrorist Attacks Act of
2014
ADOPTED BY VOICE
VOTE
H.R.
2952
Cybersecurity Workforce Assessment Act
ADOPTED BY VOICE
VOTE
S. 2519
"To codify an
existing operations center for cybersecurity."
PASSED
BY VOICE
VOTE
H.R. 5806
"To amend the
Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to modify and make permanent certain expiring
provisions related to charitable contributions."
FAILED 275
149
(I VOTED
YES)
H.R.
83
Consolidated and Further Continuing Appropriations Act,
2015
ADOPTED 219
206
(I VOTED
YES)
H.R. 5699
"To authorize the Secretary of the Interior to
acquire approximately 44 acres of land in Martinez, California, and
for other purposes."
PASSED 361
39
(I
VOTED YES)
Legislative Week Ahead
This concludes the 113th Congress. The
House of Representatives will resume business when the 114th Congress
is sworn in on January 6, 2015.
Staff Community
Office Hours
3:30 - 5:00 PM on January 21,
2015
West Wyandotte Library
1737 N. 82nd
St.
Kansas City, Kansas 66112
Washington, DC
215 Cannon
HOB
Washington, DC 20515
Phone: (202) 225-2865
Hours:
Monday-Friday
9:00AM -6:00PM EST
Overland Park
7325 W. 79th St.
Overland Park, KS
66204
Phone: (913) 621-0832
Fax: (913) 621-1533
Hours:
Monday-Friday
8:00AM -5:00PM CST
Unsubscribe
|
Update My
Profile
|
Privacy Policy
gateway
mail end 