DOCTYPE html
January 11, 2015
Congressman McHenry Weekly Update
Kicking Off the 114th Congress
Following a relaxing Christmas and New Year in Western North Carolina, this week I was back in Washington and ready to get back to work advancing conservative priorities as the 114th Congress begins.
Before the Congress officially began Tuesday, I sat down with Tim Boyum from TWC News' Capital Tonight to discuss the 10th District, my priorities for the new Congress, and my new leadership position in the House.
You can see full video of our interview by clicking the image below.
On Tuesday the new Congress officially began with the election of the Speaker of the House
for an explanation of my vote visit my Facebook page
and the mass swearing in of Members.
Although this was the sixth time I have had the honor of being sworn in, it still remains the greatest honor and responsibility to have the people of the 10th District entrust me to serve as their representative in Washington.
This year's swearing in was especially memorable as it was the first where I was joined by my daughter Cecelia.
Stopping Obama's Executive Action on Immigration
Last fall's election served as a clear repudiation of the policies of President Obama.
Yet shortly after the election the President announced plans to act unilaterally to legalize those who had come to our country illegally.
At the time
I expressed my strong opposition
to this plan.
In December the House took the first step in our plan to block the President's action by passing a funding bill for the entire government except the Department of Homeland Security which is responsible for enforcing this action.
It was our goal to move the debate over blocking the President's action to 2015 when Republicans would control both the House and Senate.
Friday House Republicans announced the next step in their plan by introducing legislation that will not just block President Obama's actions announced in November but also go back further and reverse the President's 2012 deferred action on childhood arrivals program.
This legislation, which will be voted on Tuesday, was put together with input from the entire Republican Conference and has drawn support from immigration leaders like Senator Jeff Sessions of Alabama and Numbers USA.
You can learn more about the bill
here .
As always, I want to know what you think about this important legislation.
Please click the image below to send me an email with your opinion of this bill designed to block the President's illegal actions.
Do you support it?
Oppose it?
Have an idea to improve it?
I want to know.
Proud to Support
The first week of the 114th Congress was a busy one in the House as the new Republican Congress focused on the American people's two main priorities: jobs and the economy.
On Tuesday the House passed
the Hire More Heroes Act , a bill that will help our nation's veterans find work by exempting them from Obamacare's onerous small business mandate if they receive care through the VA or Department of Defense.
You can see my statement on passage of this legislation by clicking the image below:
On Thursday,
the House again addressed the disastrous impacts of Obamacare
by passing
the Save American Workers Act .
This bill amends the Affordable Care Act's employer mandate to redefine full-time work under the law as 40 hours, the traditional definition Americans have always known.
The Wall Street Journal wrote favorably
about this legislation and I released a statement supporting it, which you can view by clicking the image below.
Then on Friday the House
again voted to approve the Keystone XL pipeline , a project that will both create jobs and help further reduce energy prices for the American people.
This project is supported by a majority of the American people and majorities in both bodies of Congress.
You can see my statement on passage of this crucial jobs legislation by clicking the image below.
Each of these three jobs bills passed the House with bipartisan support and are likely to be brought up in the Republican-led Senate this month.
After the election President Obama claimed he was prepared to work with the Republican Congress on areas of bipartisan agreement.
Each of these three bills would seem to be just that.
What I Have Been Reading
Money raised will buy furnace for aging Catawba County veteran
The Charlotte Observer
Over the holidays it was great to see this story of neighbors in Catawba County celebrating their birthdays by helping others.
In this case Bill Shillito of Newton asked not for presents on his birthday but instead money to help a local veteran repair and replace the aging furnace in his home.
' Unbroken' and Billy Graham
The Wall Street Journal
I recently finished reading the biography of Louis Zamperini,
Unbroken .
Zamperini's story is an amazing story of survival and perseverance.
After reading the book it was interesting to read this story on something not mentioned: the role Billy Graham's 1949 Los Angeles revival played in helping Zamperini rediscover his faith.
Valdese mayor dies at Hospice House
The Hickory Daily Record
For my first four terms in Congress I represented the Burke County town of Valdese.
During that time I had the pleasure of working with Mayor Jim Hatley who sadly passed away this week.
Mayor Hatley devoted much of his life to public service as a Marine Veteran and serving Valdese as mayor in 1999.
My thoughts and prayers are with his family and friends at this difficult time.
WASHINGTON, D.C. OFFICE
2334 Rayburn HOB
Washington, D.C. 20515
Telephone: 202.225.2576
Fax: 202.225.0316
HICKORY DISTRICT OFFICE
87 4th St. NW, Ste A, PO Box 1830
Hickory, NC 28603
Telephone: 828.327.6100
Toll-Free in NC: 800.477.2576
Fax: 828.327.8311
GASTONIA DISTRICT OFFICE
Suite 115
Gaston Co. Administrative Bldg
128 West Main Avenue
Gastonia, NC 28053
Telephone: 704.833.0096
BLACK MTN. DISTRICT OFFICE
160 Midland Avenue
Black Mountain, NC 28711
Telephone: 828.669.0600
Click Here Click Here