
Senator Warren is outraged, and so are we: Within hours of taking office this week, House Republicans launched their a sneak attack on Social Security!
&ldquo;House Republicans should stop playing political games to put America&rsquo;s most vulnerable at risk.&rdquo; -- Senator Elizabeth Warren
Friend -- Senator Warren is outraged, and so are we: Within hours of taking office this week, House Republicans launched a sneak attack on Social Security!
In a party-line vote, the GOP created a Social Security funding crisis that could result in ELEVEN MILLION disabled workers getting their benefits cut by nearly 20%. And retired seniors could be the next target!
Democrats like Senator Warren are standing up to the GOP and saying: Hands off Social Security. But they need grassroots supporters like you behind them.
Add your name to denounce the Republicans threatening Social Security! Over 46,000 Democrats have already signed on -- can we get to 60,000 by midnight tonight?
Your Action History
Last Petition Signed:
N/A
Protect Social Security:
Signature Pending &gt;&gt;
We&rsquo;re working hard to protect the promise of Social Security for millions of American families. Will you join us?
Stand with Democrats: Tell the GOP to stop playing games with Social Security!
Thank you,
DSCC Rapid Response
P.S. We see that your 2014 membership has expired.
Will you renew your Democratic membership for 2015 to help us defeat Republicans who attack Social Security?
Democratic Senatorial Campaign Committee
P.O. Box 96047
Washington, DC 20090
Paid for by the Democratic Senatorial Campaign Committee, dscc.org,
and not authorized by any candidate or candidate&#39;s committee.
The DSCC is the only organization solely dedicated to supporting Democrats in the U.S. Senate. This message was sent to dj724530@gmail.com because you are a part of the DSCC&rsquo;s grassroots network. Please add us to your address book or approved senders list to make sure you keep receiving DSCC updates.
Emails are a critical way for us to stay in touch with our grassroots supporters. 99% of the DSCC&rsquo;s contributions come from grassroots donors giving less than $200. We also strive to keep you updated on issues related to the Democratic Party&rsquo;s values.
If you&rsquo;d like to stop receiving emails related to this campaign, please
click here .
If you&#39;d like to make a contribution to support us, please
click here . We are already beginning to prepare for the fight ahead &ndash; reclaiming the majority in 2016. It will take every single grassroots supporter, but we know it&rsquo;s possible with your help. If you&rsquo;d like to stop receiving all emails from the DSCC, please
unsubscribe . We greatly appreciate your continued support.
Contributions or gifts to the DSCC are not tax deductible.
