
Stay
Connected
December 11, 2014
Dear Friend,
Last year, Ohios deteriorating
roads cost drivers over $1.6 million in
repairs and operating costs, or about $212
per driver. Subpar and sometimes dangerous
road conditions are not isolated to Ohio -
theyre quickly becoming a widespread
problem throughout the country. Unless
action is taken to reinvest in our failing
infrastructure, the long-term cost to our
economy and the taxpayers will be
devastating.
Maintenance of our highway system falls
jointly on the states and the federal
government, with about 80 percent of
highway funding coming from the federally
administered Highway Trust Fund. Currently,
the Trust Fund allocates about $50 billion
annually to the states for upkeep of the
system. This annual allotment has two major
problems: were spending more money
than the Trust Fund is bringing in, and
were not spending enough to keep our
infrastructure from crumbling. The funding
situation for the Highway Trust Fund became
dire earlier this year when Congress was
forced to act to temporarily infuse the
Fund with money from other sources. This
temporary infusion simply kicks the can
down the road, only sustaining the Fund
until May of 2015, when we will again have
to act to ensure it remains solvent.
Funding for the Highway Trust Fund comes
from several sources designed as user-fees,
including fees on large vehicles and
various fuels. The goal of this structure
is to ensure that those who receive the
benefits of the highway system are also the
ones who pay to maintain it. The most
well-known funding mechanism is the federal
gas tax. Originally
implemented at just 1 cent per gallon in
1932, it was last increased in 1993 from
14.1 to 18.4 cents per gallon. However, it
is a dwindling funding source for many
reasons. First, because it isnt
indexed, the tax only buys about 63 percent
of the materials and labor it did per
dollar in 1993. Second, as vehicles become
more and more efficient, or switch to
alternative fuel sources, the gas tax
collects less and less money per mile
driven. These factors have contributed
significantly to the looming insolvency of
the Trust Fund.
For all of these reasons, the Highway
Trust Fund is threatened and in desperate
need of modernization. That is why I am
working to provide long-term certainty and
predictability to our highway funding
system. If we want to make progress on
improving our infrastructure, Congress must
ensure construction companies, states,
municipalities, and towns have the
confidence they need to plan, invest, and
hire for multi-year projects.
To this end, I have been working with
colleagues on both sides of the aisle to
develop solutions within a framework we can
all agree on. This framework requires any
proposal to provide immediate and
guaranteed funding for the Highway Trust
Fund for a minimum of the next six years,
with a goal of at least ten years. This is
absolutely critical to any successful
proposal because it will provide the
certainty we need to move forward with
major construction projects. Next, we must
ensure that even after this initial six to
ten year funding period, a permanent
solution to funding the Trust Fund is in
place. Finally, the framework would set
into motion a plan that continues the
original intent of the Trust Funds
funding mechanisms; all users of our
highway system bear the responsibility of
keeping it safe and modern. This guiding
principle would ensure highly efficient or
alternatively fueled vehicles, which
currently utilize the highways without
helping to maintain them, join in to
appropriately maintain the Trust Fund.
In the coming weeks and months, I will
work toward a viable solution for long-term
solvency of the Highway Trust Fund. In
working with my friends on both sides of
the aisle, as well as soliciting input from
a range of stakeholders throughout
Ohios 16th District and the rest of
the country, I believe we can restore
Americas infrastructure to the
shining example that it once was. All
solutions for achieving this goal must be
on the table and thoroughly examined and
all parties must be willing to compromise
if we expect to make real progress.
Americas infrastructure is too
important to allow it to deteriorate any
further. We must act now to ensure our
highway system is sustainable. Jobs, the
economy, and the American people depend on
it.
If you have any questions or if our
office can be of assistance to you, please
don't hesitate to call us at our Wadsworth
office: (330) 334-0040, Parma office: (440)
882-6779, or Washington office: (202)
225-3876. I also encourage you to visit our
website at
renacci.house.gov
and subscribe to our
Facebook ,
Twitter ,
and
YouTube
pages to get the latest updates on my work
in Washington and Ohio's 16th District.
Sincerely,
Wadsworth:
(330) 334-0040 | Parma: (440) 882-6779 |
Washington, DC: (202) 225-3876
Home
|
Privacy
Policy
|
Unsubscribe
This e-mail was sent to dj724530@gmail.com
Click here to unsubscribe
Congressman Jim Renacci
130 Cannon House Office Building
Washington, DC 20515
Phone: (202) 225-3876
Fax: (202) 225-3059