
District Update | January 9, 2015
Click here if you have trouble viewing this email
Friends,
I was sworn in to the 114th Congress Tuesday. Its the honor of my life to continue serving Georgias 14th District in the House of Representatives. I will fight every day for the people I represent, and for our great nation.
Even though we face many challenges, I am confident that we can force Washington to work for the people. With Republican control of the Senate, this new Congress has the opportunity to put bills on the presidents desk that were previously blocked by Senate Democrats. We can promote an agenda focused on freedom, where government growth is stopped in favor of private-sector jobs and economic growth.
Hit the Ground Running
Even though this was the first week of the new Congress, we hit the ground running. On Tuesday, I voted for the Hire More Heroes Act, legislation that would help veterans and grow the economy by exempting veterans from Obamacares employer mandate. The result: more businesses hiring veterans for good-paying jobs.
Then, on Wednesday, I voted in favor of the Save American Workers Act of 2015, a bipartisan bill to repeal Obamacares definition of full-time employee as 30 hours per week and restore the traditional definition of 40 hours. Obamacares 30-hour work week has seriously hurt hard-working Georgians who are just trying to make ends meet. By restoring the traditional 40-hour work week, families will have more money to pay their rent, put gas in their tank and maybe a little left over to save for a family vacation. The president has a simple choice: cling to one of the most destructive parts of Obamacare or work with Republicans to repeal it and return billions of dollars to American workers.
On Friday, I voted for the Keystone XL Pipeline Act, which would authorize construction of the Keystone XL pipeline. Building this pipeline is just common sense. It creates tens of thousands of good-paying jobs and adds billions of dollars to our economy. With five safety and environmental reviews conducted by the State Department and the breaking news this morning that the Nebraska Supreme Court affirmed their governors right to approve the pipelines route inside Nebraska, Im not sure how the administration would justify anything but signing this major private-sector jobs project into law.
Looking Ahead
I met with House leaders several times this week and have an update for you on our effort to stop President Obamas unlawful actions to protect up to 5 million undocumented immigrants from deportation and grant them work permits. The Department of Homeland Security (DHS) funding bill, which the House will begin considering next week, offers an opportunity to block the Presidents unlawful immigration actions, as DHS is responsible for implementing and enforcing immigration laws. My House Republican colleagues and l agree on one narrow and specific goal: withhold any funding for the President to carry out his unlawful actions.
Finally, this Monday (1/12), I'll be on the WRGA 98.5 FM at 8:20 a.m. I'll be discussing the new Congress and the solutions that the House GOP is putting forward. I hope you can tune in or listen online at
wrga.streamon.fm .
Freedom first,
Tom Graves Takes Oath of Office for 114th Congress
Rep. Graves Votes to Repeal Part of Obamacare, Restore 40 Hour Work Week
Rep. Graves Votes to Build Keystone Pipeline, Create Jobs
DALTON, GA OFFICE
702 South Thornton Ave
Dalton, GA 30720
T (706) 226-5320
F (706) 278-0840
ROME, GA OFFICE
600 E. First Street, Suite 301
Rome, GA 30161
T (706) 290-1776
F (706) 232-7864
WASHINGTON, DC OFFICE
2442 Rayburn House Office Bldg.
Washington, D.C. 20515
T (202) 225-5211
F (202) 225-8271
UPDATE SUBSCRIPTION OPTIONS
|
PRIVACY POLICY
|
CONTACT US
Click Here Click Here