
If you are having trouble viewing this message or would
like to share it on a social network, you can
view the message online .
December 30, 2014 |
Unsubscribe
|
Update My Profile
Senate Passes Fiscal Year 2015 Funding Bill
In mid-December, the
U.S. Senate passed and the president signed into law the fiscal year
2015 omnibus appropriations bill, which will fund most government
programs through September of 2015. While the funding bill is not perfect, it
does advance a number of South Dakota priorities, including
additional funding for the Lewis and Clark Regional Water System and the
Sanford Underground Research
Facility.
The bill also includes
provisions
to prevent the Environmental Protection Agency (EPA) from regulating
lead in ammunition and fishing tackle; delays for one year the EPA
rule on regulating methane emissions, often called the cow tax; and
prevents the U.S. Fish and Wildlife Service from listing the sage-grouse
on the endangered species list, which would drastically restrict land
use. Additional provisions in the omnibus provide much-needed
flexibility for school districts struggling to meet new nutrition standards
under the school lunch program and also prevents the Department of
Veterans Affairs from closing facilities like the medical center and
domiciliary in Hot Springs.
Senator
Thune looks forward to continuing work on these and other state priorities
in the Republican-led Senate next year, while crafting a responsible
budget that reins in federal spending. The Republican majority in
Congress plans to return to considering individual appropriations bills
through regular order, which will provide an opportunity for members to
fully debate and carefully scrutinize federal spending and
programs.
Senate
Passes Important Tax Extenders Bill for South Dakotans
In
one of the final votes of the 113th Congress, the Senate passed
legislation on December 16, 2014, to extend a
host of expired tax measures
important to South Dakota. These
measures include the higher Section 179 small business expensing limit,
the ability to deduct state and local sales taxes if you itemize, the
ability to deduct mortgage insurance premiums for a personal
residence, and the research and development tax credit. Unfortunately, in a
matter of months, the new Congress will debate these tax credits once
again due to the presidents decision to stymie bipartisan, good-faith
negotiations on a bill to make a number of important tax provisions for
individuals and businesses permanent. The proposed deal was supported
by Senate leadership of both parties as well as House Republicans, but
fell apart when the president issued a veto threat in the midst of
negotiations, effectively killing the chance for permanent tax relief
this year.
Senator Thune believes
that South Dakotans deserve permanent tax relief and a predictable and
stable tax system, and he intends to continue working toward this goal
in the next Congress. He supported the one-year tax extenders package
as a stopgap measure in order to prevent a tax hike on millions of
Americans.
Delegation Advances Provision to Streamline and
Improve Impact Aid in NDAA
On December 12, 2014, the
Senate passed the 2015 National Defense Authorization Act (NDAA).
Included in the bill was a three-year extension of the simplified Impact Aid
payment calculation process for federally impacted schools, which was
secured by Senator Thune, Senator Tim Johnson (D-S.D.), and
Representative Kristi Noem
(R-S.D.).
Impact Aid compensates school districts for lost property tax revenues due
to the presence of military bases, Indian reservations, or other
federal lands. In recent years, districts experienced delays in receiving
payments, further straining their already cash-strapped
budgets.
In 2012, the South Dakota delegation
worked together to include a provision in the 2013 NDAA to replace the
highly subjective highest and best formula with a simpler,
nonsubjective formula. In June 2013, Senator Thune, together with Senator Mazie
Hirono (D-Hawaii) and Senator Tim Johnson, introduced the
Local Taxpayer Relief Act
(S. 1108) in the
Senate to make this change permanent. Unfortunately, the legislation
was never considered by the full Senate. The provision included in the
2015 NDAA extends the use of this more efficient formula. It also
prevents the U.S. Department of Education from having to conduct regular,
resource-intensive audits of Impact Aid applications. Historically,
these audits have resulted in delayed payments to every eligible
district.
Thune
Votes to Extend Charitable Tax Relief
VIDEO:
Senator Thune takes to the Senate floor to discuss the
importance of extending the charitable tax
deduction.
The tax extenders package passed by Congress
this month also included provisions to encourage charitable giving, an
issue on which Senator Thune has been a leader during his time in
Congress.
The three expired tax
relief provisions affecting charitable giving have historically
enjoyed bipartisan support. The measures would allow individuals 70 and a
half years of age and older to donate up to $100,000 of their
individual retirement accounts to charity without incurring a tax penalty;
extend the enhanced deduction for food donations, which encourages
businesses to donate food to food pantries and other organizations that serve
the hungry; and extend tax rules that make it easier for farmers and
other landowners to donate land for conservation purposes, thus
helping to preserve Americas natural
habitat.
Senator Thune has been a leading advocate of charitable
giving. Earlier this year, he led a letter signed by 33 senators to the
Senate Finance Committee chairman and ranking member in support of
preserving the tax deduction for charitable contributions, which has been an
important and effective part of our tax code for almost 100 years.
Senator Thune believes the federal government must affirm its
long-standing commitment to encouraging private acts of charity and supports
making these charitable tax provisions
permanent.
Thune Honors Fall
Interns
Senator Thune with (L-R) Stuart Campbell, Senate leadership intern Justin
Bergeson, Maria Eckrich, Megan Reiffenberger, Ross Dietrich, and
Senate leadership intern Matthew
Epstein.
This month, Senator Thune honored his fall interns for their
hard work and commitment to South Dakota by recognizing them in the
Congressional Record, which is the official published record of the
proceedings of the United States Congress.
Anne Keough ,
Maria
Eckrich ,
Megan Reiffenberger ,
Ross Dietrich , and
Stuart Campbell
served fall internships in his D.C.
office. Senator Thune thanked them for their enthusiasm in serving the
people of South Dakota.
Interning
in the Senate is a valuable and unforgettable experience and provides
a great way for students to learn about the legislative process and
get a hands-on look at the daily functions of a Senate office. For more
information regarding an internship in one of Senator Thunes offices,
please visit the senators website at
http://www.thune.senate.gov.
E-MAIL UPDATES
Yes, please periodically send me e-mail
updates.* Click
Here
*By
subscribing to my
e-mail updates, you are authorizing me to send regular
e-mail updates from my office to your e-mail account.
Please Feel Free to Tell a
Friend
E-mail:
E-mail:
E-mail:
Read Senator Thune's Weekly Columns for
December
12/19 |
A
Christmas Frame of Mind
12/12 |
Tax
Uncertainty a Raw Deal for South
Dakotans
12/5 |
Common Sense Wetlands Policies Needed in
Washington
Merry Christmas and happy New
Year from the Thune family.
Senator Thune meets
with members of the 2015-2016 South Dakota legislature in his
Washington, D.C., office.
VIDEO:
Senator Thune takes to the Senate floor to urge the Senate to immediately
pass the ABLE Act, which creates tax-preferred saving accounts for
individuals with disabilities.
Senator Thune
answers questions during his West River telephone townhall.
Senator Thune with the Sioux Falls-based military
academy selection board.
Senator Thune catches up with some
of the morning coffee crew at Cubby's in
Mitchell.
Washington Office
Senator John Thune |
511 Dirksen Senate Office Building |
Washington, DC 20510
Phone: (202) 224-2321 |
Fax: (202)
228-5429 |
Toll-Free:
1-866-850-3855
Sioux Falls
320
North Main Avenue,
Suite B
Sioux Falls, SD 57104
Phone: (605) 334-9596
Rapid City
1313 West Main Street
Rapid City, SD 57701
Phone: (605) 348-7551
Aberdeen
320 South 1st Street,
Suite 101
Aberdeen, SD
57401
Phone: (605) 225-8823
Click Here to Reply
or to Contact Senator John Thune
Unsubscribe
|
Update My
Profile
|
Privacy Policy
gateway mail
end 