DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.0 Transitional//EN" "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml1/DTD/xhtml1-transitional.dtd"
Share on:
News Brief
Message from Dave
Dear Friends,
It has been a busy few weeks, with a brief interlude to celebrate Thanksgiving with my family.
Last week alone we determined what the Ways and Means Committee will look like next year. I will have the privilege of
serving as Chairman of the Select Revenue Measures Subcommittee
which deals with the nations tax code as well as serving on the Trade Subcommittee of which I have been an active member for several years now.
We also had a major breakthrough in getting my
Alpine Lakes wilderness area legislation
closer to becoming law. It was included in a lands package as part of the National Defense Authorization Act and passed the House on Thursday. The Senate is expected to take this up this week and I expect it will soon be on its way to the Presidents desk to be signed into law.
Of course, as you all are well aware, one of my top priorities in Congress is helping kids. Thats one of the reasons I have spent the last two years as Chairman of the Human Resources Subcommittee working to improve the nations foster care system. Last week, I had the privilege of managing debate on the House floor and helping to pass the
Achieving a Better Life Experience Act,
more commonly known as
the ABLE Act . I was proud to cosponsor and fight for this bill which will help kids my godson Kyle overcome the challenges of living with a disability by allowing them to save for their education and health expenses not covered by their insurance, without losing access to needed public assistance. It will also help parents know their children are provided for even if they cant provide for themselves.
Back in Washington State, I held a meeting of my Healthcare Advisory Council to discuss the most recent developments in healthcare and talk strategies for moving forward and ensuring the best possible care for all Washingtonians. I had the honor of reconnecting with West Point cadets that I gave a service academy nomination to and was delighted to hear of all they have accomplished so far.
As we approach the end of the year, I look forward to hearing from all of you about what you are looking forward to and what your priorities are for the new Congress.
You can contact me via email or by phone at any of my offices
just
visit my website
for the details!
Sincerely,
Dave
From the
NEWSROOM
Click above to watch Rep. Reichert's full speech in support of the ABLE Act and his godson Kyle's story.
Rep. Reichert with West Point Cadets Goodwin and Duffy from the 8th District.
Other News Items:
-
Reichert Statement on President's Executive Action on Immigration
-
Reichert Applauds Mountains to Sound Committee Passage
-
Reichert Statement on Nov. 19th Mountains to Sound Markup
-
Reichert on Keystone XL: "A Victory for American Workers"
-
Reichert Statement on Senate Mark Up of Mountains to Sound Greenway National Heritage Area Act
Website
|
Privacy
|
Contact
|
Multimedia
|
Newsroom
|
Click Here Click Here