
Saturday, January 17, 2015
WEBSITE
|
FORWARD TO A FRIEND
| SHARE ON:
Congressional Report
Dear Friends,
Please take a moment to read my latest update from this week in Washington and Texas Congressional District 28. You can stay connected by signing up for my weekly email
here.
Meeting with Baylor University's School of Social Work
Last Friday, my Southern District Outreach Coordinator, Nichole Hernandez, met with Baylor School of Social Work Texas Hunger Initiative and discussed their plan on ending hunger in the Rio Grande Valley.
Our offices went over strategies on how to best assist and educate the communities in the southern part of District 28 on the nutritional resources available to them.
Meeting with Rio Bravo Mayor and City Manager
On Jan. 9, my Outreach Coordinator for Webb, La Salle and Zapata Counties, Mike Buentello, met with Rio Bravo Mayor Dr. Francisco Pena and City Manager Feliciano Garcia, Jr. Friday to discuss the goals of the new city administration and development in Rio Bravo.
Meeting with USDA and City of Poteet
This week my Outreach Coordinator for Atascosa and Wilson Counties, Gilbert Lafuente, met with the U.S. Department of Agriculture and the City of Poteet in Seguin, Texas, to discuss the available options for improving water services for the people of Poteet.
From left to right: Gilbert Menendez, Gilbert Lafuente, Walt Rakowitz, Poteet Mayor Larry Cantu, Betty Soto, Raul Gonzales and Poteet City Manager Scott Moore.
Health Insurance Enrollment Drive in Pleasanton, Texas
My office hosted an Affordable Care Act (ACA) enrollment drive in Pleasanton, Texas, last Thursday. Dont forget to enroll by February 15th in order to be covered in 2015.
Pictured are ACA enrollment volunteers and my Outreach Coordinator for Wilson and Atascosa County, Pete Arguello.
Floresville FFA students Win First Place at State Competition
My Outreach Coordinator for Wilson County, Gilbert Lafuente, presented a congressional certificate of recognition to the Future Farmers of America (FFA) students at Floresville I.S.D. as t hey won 1st place out of 343 competing teams at the State FFA public relations competitions.
From left to right are FFA teacher Mark Jarzombek, Rachel Miksch, Emily Mann, Bailey Pawelek, Julie Rakowitz and Gilbert Lafuente.
TX28 Federal Agency Tips
This video from the USA.gov
provides some steps you can take to be a smart consumer in today's world.
Intern Spotlight
Dallas native KeYonna Simone Hall is an intern in my Washington, D.C., office.
She is currently a junior working towards a double major with a Bachelor of Science in Criminal Justice and a Bachelor of Arts in Sociology at the University of North Texas.
Ke'Yonna has a passion for public service and chose to pursue an internship with my office because she wanted to get first hand experience working with Congress.
After graduation, she plansto apply for Masters degree programs in Foreign policy, International Affairs, or Business Marketing and eventually pursue a J.D. It is my ultimate goal to gain a career in a public service capacity within the state or federal government.
Read more about Ke'Yonna and other interns in my office
here.
Interested Applicants:
My Laredo District Office is currently accepting internship applications for the Spring 2015 academic semester. Find out more about internship opportunities in District 28
here.
Sincerely,
Henry Cuellar
The House of Representatives is in recess next week
CONNECT
Rep. Cuellar In the News
1/14.15, McAllen Monitor: EDITORIAL: Taking care of our RGV veterans
1/7/15, Laredo Sun: TAMIU Part Of New $10 Million Federal Grant Collaborative Benefiting Webb County, South Texas
1/8/15, Llamas Comunicacion: Inicia Cuellar sexto periodo
1/10/15, Houston Chronicle: Perry's political instincts prove he was no 'accidental governor'
1/11/15, Fort Worth Star-Telegram: Texas political guard changing
Neighborhood Office Hours
Tuesday, January 20
Campbellton/Callihan
(call for appointment)
9:00am - 10:00am
McMullen County Courthouse, Commissioners Court Room
SH 16 @ Elm Street
10:30am - 11:30am
Tilden, TX
Christine City Office
102 S. 10th St.
1:30pm - 2:30pm
Christine, TX
Windcrest City Hall
8601 Midcrown
2:30pm - 3:30pm
Windcrest, TX
Adkins
(call for appointment)
10:30am - 11:30am
Adkins, TX
Bruni Community Center
303 12th Street
9:00am - 10:00am
Bruni, TX
Mirando City Quad City Community Center
917 N. Main Street
12:30pm - 1:30pm
Mirando, TX
Oilton Elementary School Library
300 DeSpain St.
10:30am - 11:30am
Oilton, TX
Have a question about neighborhood office hours?
Call my toll free number at 877-780-0028
NOTE: Please DO NOT respond to this email as this inbox is unattended. To contact my office please
click here
UPDATE SUBSCRIPTION OPTIONS
|
PRIVACY POLICY
|
CONTACT US
Click Here Click Here