
For Immediate Release
Lorenz.Isidro@mail.house.gov
Wednesday Jan 7, 2015
(202) 225-3465
U.S. Representative Massie Proposes Repeal of Federal Gun-Free School Zones Act
WASHINGTON, D.C.
Yesterday, Congressman Thomas Massie (R-KY) introduced H.R. 86, the Safe Students Act, which would repeal the Gun-Free School Zones Act of 1990.
The bill, originally introduced by Rep. Ron Paul (R-TX) in 2007, repeals the Gun-Free School Zones Act (GFSZA) of 1990, which makes it unlawful for any individual knowingly to possess a firearm at a place that the individual knows, or has reasonable cause to believe, is a school zone. In 1995, the Supreme Court held the GFSZA unconstitutional, which prompted Congress to amend the bill in 1996. The Supreme Court has not ruled on the constitutionality of the amended Act.
Gun-free school zones are ineffective. They make people less safe by inviting criminals into target-rich, no-risk environments, said Massie. Gun-free zones prevent law-abiding citizens from protecting themselves, and create vulnerable populations that are targeted by criminals.
Representative Massie concluded: A bigger federal government cant solve this problem. Weapons bans and gun-free zones are unconstitutional. They do not and cannot prevent criminals or the mentally ill from committing acts of violence. But they often prevent victims of such violence from protecting themselves.
As John Lott, author of
More Guns, Less Crime
writes, Ask yourself: Would you feel safer with a sign on your house saying this house is a gun-free zone?
But if you wouldnt put these signs on your home, why put them elsewhere?
Original Cosponsors include: Rep. Steven Palazzo (R-MS), Rep. Louie Gohmert (R-TX), Rep. Jim Bridenstine (R-OK), and Rep. Jeff Duncan (R-SC).
Congressman Massie is Chairman of the Second Amendment Caucus in the 114th Congress.
###
NOTE: Please DO NOT respond to this email as this inbox is unattended. To contact my office please
click here
UPDATE SUBSCRIPTION OPTIONS
|
PRIVACY POLICY
|
CONTACT US
