
HOME
|
About Mike
|
Contact YOUR Office
|
Serving You
|
Newsroom
|
Legislative Work
|
4th District
|
Resources
WEBSITE
| SHARE ON:
Greetings,
This Christmas, Susan, Nick, and I wanted to bring you into our home and share one of our family traditions with you.
Like many of you, putting up our Christmas tree is one of those traditions and this video shows this years Pompeo tree.
Susan and I share a few favorite ornaments from our Christmas tree.
Team Pompeo held a food drive for the
Kansas Food Bank
in December.
On Friday we delivered boxes of food and had the chance to work alongside dedicated volunteers who work at the food bank addressing hunger in Kansas all year long.
While there, we helped put together bags for the Food 4 Kids program and enjoyed speaking with the volunteers and staff who work to help fulfill the mission of the Kansas Food Bank.
Team Pompeo and volunteers at the Kansas Food Bank.
As always, I offer a special Christmas blessing to our service men and women, military families, and our veterans.
This week, I had the honor of hosting a medals ceremony for PFC Dan Oropesa where I presented him with eight medals he earned during his service in World War II.
American Legion members from around the state were on hand, as were many of his friends, to pay tribute to Mr. Oropesa for his service.
It is through the sacrifices of our active duty, reserves, and retired military personnel that we retain the religious freedom to celebrate the holidays in peace and safety.
PFC Dan Oropesa receiving his Bronze Star, Purple Heart, Combat Infantrymans
Badge and five other medals earned in WWII.
Click here
to view KAKE's coverage of this story.
For those of you venturing away from home to visit relatives, I wish you safe travels.
May God bless you and your family at this special time of year.
Susan and Nick join me in wishing you a very Merry Christmas and Happy New Year.
Sincerely,
Mike Pompeo
Member of Congress
Connect With Mike
NOTE: Please
DO NOT
respond to this email as this
inbox is unattended . To contact my office please
click here
WASHINGTON, DC OFFICE
436
Cannon HOB
Washington, DC 20515
Phone:
(202) 225-6216
Fax:
(202) 225-3489
WICHITA, KS OFFICE
7701 E. Kellogg, Suite 510
Wichita, KS 67207
Phone:
(316) 262-8992
Fax:
(316) 262-5309
UPDATE SUBSCRIPTION OPTIONS
|
PRIVACY POLICY
|
CONTACT US
Click Here Click Here