
News
from
Representative
Scott
Perry
January
1 8 , 2014
Last week, I took the Oath of Office to uphold the Constitution. Part of that oath is my commitment to a government founded on a system of checks and balances.
Prior to taking his executive action on immigration last year, President Obama said that, the notion that I can just suspend deportations through executive order, thats just not the case. When Congress didnt send him a bill that met his specific demands, he enacted his goals by edict. Even the Washington Post, not particularly the bastion of conservatism, said, it is increasingly clear that the sweeping magnitude of Mr. Obamas order is unprecedented and ...the scale of Mr. Obamas move goes far beyond anything his predecessors attempted.
I voted in favor of legislation (H.R. 240) to fund the Department of Homeland Security (DHS) for the remainder of the fiscal year, while barring the use of any funds to implement or enforce President Obamas unconstitutional action on immigration. I did so as the proud grandson of a woman who legally emigrated from Colombia in search of greater freedom and opportunity for her family.
On no issue before Congress is there a greater divide between the people we serve and the political and media elite than illegal immigration. My office receives more calls on this issue than any other. These people arent anti-immigration; they ask legitimate questions about how unchecked illegal immigration impacts jobs, schools, hospitals and national security
and theyre routinely mocked and have their character and motives questioned.
Amnesty is blatantly unfair to the millions of people who waited - often for many years - to come here legally. Dozens of businesses and families have shown me how our current system forces them to confront a bloated bureaucracy thats almost impossible to navigate. This bill pushes the U.S. Citizenship and Immigration Services to focus its efforts on improving services for immigrants who seek to come to the United States legally. It also strengthens our homeland security by providing the largest customs and border protection force levels in history, includes around-the-clock surveillance of our border, bolsters cyber security, fully funds disaster relief efforts, and enhances efforts to combat human trafficking and drug smuggling.
Our immigration system clearly is broken - but unilateral action by the President is not the right answer. The first step in any reform effort must be to secure our borders, and this bill begins that process. Once weve made significant progress on border security, we can work towards real, long-term solutions that strengthen and modernize the rest of our immigration system.
In addition to passing a DHS appropriations bill, the House also passed the Clay Hunt SAV Act. Unfortunately, 22 veterans commit suicide every day, according to the VA. Each and every one of these deaths is a tragedy. The bill the House passed this week is named after a young man and a Marine named Clay Hunt. Honoring his name, the Clay Hunt SAV Act will reform the VA by improving veterans access to mental health care resources, helping ensure veterans get the help they need after serving and protecting our country.
Sincerely,
Scott G. Perry
JOIN
ME
ON
Adams
County
Office
22
Chambersburg
Street
Gettysburg,
PA
17325
Phone:
717-338-1919
Fax:
717-334-6314
Cumberland/Dauphin
Counties
Office
730
North
Front
Street
Wormleysburg,
PA
17043
Phone:
717-635-9504
Fax:
717-635-9861
York
County
Office
2209
East
Market
Street
York,
PA
17402
Phone:
717-600-1919
Fax:
717-757-5001
Washington,
DC
Office
1207 Longworth HOB
Washington,
DC
20515
Phone:
202-225-5836
Fax:
202-226-1000
Sign
Up
for
the
Member's
Newsletter:
Subscribe
Unsubscribe
to
the
Member's
Newsletter:
Unsubscribe
Please
do
not
reply
to
this
email.
The
mailbox
is
unattended.
To
share
your
thoughts
please
visit
my
webpage
-
http://perry.house.gov
