
If you are having
trouble viewing this message or would like to share it on a social network,
you can
view the message
online .
CONTACT
ABOUT
SERVICES
NEWS
OFFICE
LOCATIONS
No Logical Reason Not to
Build the Keystone XL
Pipeline
Senator Corker released the following statement
after voting for S.1, the Keystone XL Pipeline Act, which passed the
Senate by a vote of 62 to 36. First proposed more than six years ago,
the pipeline would have the capacity to transport more than 800,000
barrels of oil per day from Canada to refineries on the Gulf Coast of the
U.S. Several Obama administration reports have found that
construction of the pipeline will have no significant environmental impact along
the proposed route.
There
is no logical reason not to build the Keystone XL pipeline, said
Corker. Im pleased the Senate passed this legislation that will create
jobs, generate economic growth and advance our nations energy
security. I hope the president will reconsider his decision to veto this
bipartisan bill and demonstrate to the American people that Washington can
work together to move our country forward.
Corker, a cosponsor of the bill, also commended
Senator Majority Leader Mitch McConnell (R-Ky.) for his efforts to
restore regular order in the Senate by allowing debate and votes on
amendments from both Republicans and Democrats on the first bill considered in
the new Congress.
Under
Senator McConnells leadership, the new Republican Senate has shown
that it will allow all voices to be heard so members can represent the
people of their states and take the votes we were sent here to
take.
The Senate held more than
40 roll call votes on amendments during consideration of S.1, offered
by both Republicans and Democrats. Only 15 roll call votes on
amendments were recorded in all of 2014.
Debt and Deficits Hurt the
Standard of Living of Americans
Click
here
or on the image above to watch the
video
In his first hearing as a
member of the Senate Budget Committee, Senator Corker questioned
Congressional Budget Office (CBO) Director Doug Elmendorf about the impact debt
and deficits have on the standard of living of the American
people.
Debt and deficits hurt the
standard of living of Americans by slowing economic growth, said
Corker. We have quite a challenge I hope that over the course of the
next two months [the Senate Budget Committee] will come together and
actually deal with these issues in a way that is meaningful so that our
lack of action does not continue to hurt the American
people.
Last Monday, CBO released a
report , The Budget and Economic
Outlook: 2015 to 2025, which indicates annual budget deficits will continue
to grow at an unsustainable rate. The nonpartisan agency warns that
longer-term outlook projections indicate such large and growing
federal debt would have serious negative consequences, including increasing
federal spending for interest payments; restraining economic growth in
the long term; giving policymakers less flexibility to respond to
unexpected challenges; and eventually heightening the risk of a fiscal
crisis.
Preventing IRS Political
Targeting
Senator Corker last week
cosponsored S.283, the Stop Targeting of Political Beliefs by the IRS
Act of 2015. The bill, introduced by Senators Jeff Flake (R-Ariz.) and
Pat Roberts (R-Kan.) in the Senate and Representatives Paul Ryan
(R-Wis.) and Peter Roskam (R-Ill.) in the House of Representatives, would
prohibit the Internal Revenue Service (IRS) from further regulating the
activities of social welfare organizations until 2017, following
cases where some groups were
inappropriately flagged
for additional review due to their political beliefs
during the 2012 election cycle.
It is unacceptable that all nonprofit organizations seeking
tax-exempt status
including groups in Tennessee
have not been treated
fairly by the IRS in the past, said Corker. As a result, Americans
dont trust the IRS to act impartially, and this bill helps assure
Tennesseans that this kind of activity will not happen
again.
In 2013, Corker joined Senate
colleagues in
asking
the IRS to treat
all nonprofit groups seeking tax-exempt status fairly in the
designation process and
demanded
that the administration fully comply with congressional
investigation requests on how the IRS targeted conservative groups. Corker
also cosponsored similar legislation in the 113th
Congress.
Providing Opportunities for Tennessee
Students
Senator Corker enjoyed having
Kirsten, Isabella and Bailey from Harpeth Hall School (Nashville)
intern in our office in January.
Discussing Important Work Ahead for the Senate
Foreign Relations Committee
Senator Corker, chairman of the Senate Foreign Relations
Committee, and Senator David Perdue (R-Ga.), subcommittee chairman of
the Senate Foreign Relations Subcommittee on State Department and
USAID Management, International Operations, and Bilateral International
Development, met on Friday to discuss the important work ahead for the
subcommittee, which is responsible for reviewing the budget and
operations of the State Department and USAID.
I enjoyed meeting with my good friend Senator Perdue
today to discuss the important work ahead for the Senate Foreign
Relations Committee, said Corker. Davids background will serve our
committee well as we work to ensure Tennesseans, Georgians, and the American
people that their tax dollars are being used efficiently to advance
U.S. interests throughout the world.
One of Corkers goals as chairman is to conduct a thorough
review of all State Department programs and practices, with the goal of
passing a responsible authorization of the department, something
Congress has not done in 13 years. Perdues subcommittee will play a lead
role in that effort and other oversight responsibilities of the
department.
Tennesseans Visit Washington
Senators Corker and Alexander hosted several
Tennesseans at last weeks Tennessee Tuesday, a regular breakfast held on
Capitol Hill every week the Senate is in session for visitors from the
Volunteer State. For more information, click
here .
Home
|
Privacy Policy
|
Unsubscribe
