
Dear Friend,
Thank you for signing up to receive my email newsletter. These
newsletters will cover a variety of topics, including events happening
in Indiana, legislation being considered in Congress, and my
perspective on current issues. My hope is to keep you updated and
informed on how issues in Washington may impact Hoosiers. I welcome
your feedback.
Thanks for reading,
Dan Coats
_____
A Fresh Start for Washington
Click here
or on the image above to watch me
speak on the Senate floor about the new 114th Congress.
After a frustrating period of inaction and dysfunction in the Senate,
under new leadership, we now have an opportunity to reverse course.
I am hopeful and optimistic that all of us - colleagues both new and
old, Republican and Democrat - can work together to achieve serious
results.
We must put behind us the days when Congress careened from one cliff to
the next, governing from one crisis to another.
I am anxious to get to work on responsible legislative solutions to our
nation's biggest challenges.
Today, our country faces threats from cyber attacks, inadequate border
security and radical Islamist extremists like those responsible for the
horrendous murders in Paris.
Unfortunately, many of the administration's responses to these
challenges have fallen short of what is needed to successfully address
numerous threats to our security: an unenforced red line with Syria,
dubious negotiations with Iran and granting amnesty to those in the
United States illegally.
Congress has an important role to play in addressing these issues and
protecting our homeland.
On the domestic front, the 114th Congress must be about legislation
that sets the conditions for economic growth.
Back home in Indiana, I consistently hear from Hoosiers who tell me
that Washington needs to focus more on building an economic climate
that encourages job creation and expands opportunity for workers.
The policies of the Obama Administration have fallen far short of what
is needed. These concerns must be addressed in Congress, and there are
several areas where Republicans can work with President Obama, if he is
willing to work with us.
Specifically, together, I hope we can:
Construct the Keystone XL pipeline,
Repeal the excise tax on medical devices,
Reform federal regulations that prevent businesses from growing and
hiring,
Open more markets to American-made products and
Reform our broken tax code.
I look forward to what 2015 and the 114th Congress have in store. I
want Hoosiers to know that I will continue to fully engage in
representing them in our nation's capital.
Coats in the News
Coats picked to head panel
Coats appointed to Senate Republican whip team
Indiana To Have 'Louder Voice' in Congress
New Congress Convenes With Republican Majority
Where Indiana's Senators Stand On Key Issues For 2015
Coats Statement on Labor Department's December Report
_____
Stay Connected
_____
Coats with Hoosier Republican U.S. Representatives
I had the privilege of presiding over a ceremonious swearing in event
for the GOP members of Indiana's congressional delegation this week. I
truly believe our state has a strong, cohesive bond of lawmakers who
are trying represent the best interests of Hoosiers in Washington.
_____
To unsubscribe please
Click Here
Contact Me
Latest News
A message
from Senator Dan Coats
Dear
Friend,
Thank you for signing up to receive my email
newsletter. These newsletters will cover a variety of topics,
including
events happening in Indiana, legislation being
considered
in Congress, and my perspective on current issues.
My
hope is to keep you updated and informed on how issues in Washington may impact Hoosiers. I welcome your
feedback.
Thanks for reading,
Dan Coats
A Fresh Start for Washington
Click
here
or
on the image above to watch me speak on the Senate floor about the new 114th Congress.
After
a frustrating period of inaction and dysfunction in the Senate, under new leadership, we now have an
opportunity to reverse course.
I am hopeful and optimistic that all of us &#8211; colleagues both new and old, Republican
and Democrat &#8211; can work together to achieve serious results.
We must put behind us the days when Congress careened from one cliff to the next, governing
from one crisis to another.
I am anxious to get to work on responsible legislative solutions to our nation&#8217;s
biggest challenges.
Today,
our country faces threats from cyber attacks, inadequate border security and radical Islamist extremists
like those responsible for the horrendous murders in Paris.
Unfortunately, many of the administration&#8217;s responses to these challenges have
fallen short of what is needed to successfully address numerous threats to our security: an unenforced
red line with Syria, dubious negotiations with Iran and granting amnesty to those in the United States
illegally.
Congress has an important role to play in addressing these issues and protecting our
homeland.
On the domestic front, the 114th Congress must be about legislation that sets the conditions
for economic growth.
Back home in Indiana, I consistently hear from Hoosiers who tell me that Washington
needs to focus more on building an economic climate that encourages job creation and expands opportunity
for workers.
The policies of the Obama Administration have fallen far short of what is needed. These
concerns must be addressed in Congress, and there are several areas where Republicans can work with President
Obama, if he is willing to work with us.
Specifically,
together, I hope we can:
&#8226; Construct the Keystone XL pipeline, &#8226; Repeal the excise tax on medical
devices,
&#8226; Reform federal regulations that prevent businesses from growing and hiring, &#8226; Open
more markets to American-made products and &#8226; Reform our broken tax code.
I
look forward to what 2015 and the 114th Congress have in store. I want Hoosiers to know that I will continue
to fully engage in representing them in our nation's capital.
Coats
in the News
Coats
picked to head panel
Coats
appointed to Senate Republican whip team
Indiana To Have 'Louder Voice'
in Congress
New
Congress Convenes With Republican Majority
Where
Indiana&#8217;s Senators Stand On Key Issues For 2015
Coats
Statement on Labor Department&#8217;s December Report
Stay
Connected
Coats with Hoosier Republican U.S. Representatives
I
had the privilege of presiding over a ceremonious swearing in event for the GOP members of Indiana's
congressional delegation this week. I truly believe our state has a strong, cohesive bond of lawmakers
who are trying represent the best interests of Hoosiers in Washington.
To
unsubscribe please
Click
Here
Contact
Me Latest
News
