
Thursday January 22, 2015
WEBSITE
|
FORWARD TO A FRIEND
| SHARE ON:
Hitting the ground running
Which initiatives that I have been fighting for to help our Indian River Lagoon do you hope to see addressed first in the 114th Congress?
Please click here to take this brief survey now to share your views.
Dear Friends -
The progress that has made in our backyard over the past two years was no small feat, including securing $38 million for the C-44 Indian River Lagoon South Project and passing the first Water Bill in seven years, but there is still more work to do to protect our local waterways.
It is clear that our united voices have been heard all the way to our nations Capital. In fact, physical parts of the Indian River Lagoon came to Congress to help educate other members about the plight facing our region, whether it was me carrying a Gatorade bottle full of murky water around the Capitol and to the House floor, or one of our youngest river warriors, four-year-old Celia Traylor, who came to D.C. for our congressional briefing to give Members of Congress
including Minority Leader Nancy Pelosi
dead oyster shells to remind them of the plight of our waterways. But we also understand that our work is far from over.
That is why within the first days of this new Congress I reached out to new members, both in the House and the Senate, Democrats and Republicans, and introduced two bills that represent the importance of both short-term and long-term solutions to dealing with our water crisis.
The first will allow the state to take on the Ten Mile Creek project on the Treasure Coast to start storing water there during times of increased run-off to directly help our Indian River Lagoon.
(Want to learn more about the Ten Mile Creek project? Click here!)
The other bill will authorize the Central Everglades Planning Project (CEPP) without having to wait for the next Water Bill to be approved by Congress.
With the Army Corps finalizing their Chiefs Report for CEPP at the end of December, it is now time for Congress to do what we all know needs to happen
sending clean water south.
(Click here if you want to learn more about CEPP and this initiative)
So while much progress was made in the 113th Congress in the fight for our waterways, our challenge is too important to let our foot off the gas now, especially given the recent news that discharges from Lake Okeechobee will begin entering the St. Lucie River.
This decision is both frustrating and disappointing and with the weather outlook for the next several months also likely wetter than average, this is yet another call to action for both short-term solutions
such as water farming and runoff storage in Ten Mile Creek
and longer-term implementation of CEPP.
As long as I have the privilege of serving Florida in Congress, I promise to continue fighting for the Everglades, the Indian River Lagoon, and remain committed to working with my colleagues at the state and federal levels to ultimately send clean water south.
What can you do in the fight for our waterways? Click here to find out.
NOTE: Please DO NOT respond to this email as this inbox is unattended. To contact my office please
click here
UPDATE SUBSCRIPTION OPTIONS
|
PRIVACY POLICY
|
CONTACT US
Click Here Click Here