
Friday, January 2, 2015
WEBSITE
|
FORWARD TO A FRIEND
| SHARE ON:
It Has Been an Honor to Serve South Florida
Dear Friends,
It has been an honor and privilege to serve the residents of Floridas 26th congressional district over the last two years.
From Westchester to Key West, and Richmond Heights to Florida City, and everywhere in between, Ive had the pleasure of getting to know the many people who make our district a wonderful place to live, work, and visit.
Like many South Floridians, my family came to Miami in search of freedom and opportunity.
The child of parents who fled oppression, I understand the plight of many in our community who have escaped to America, seeking a better future.
That is why I made championing comprehensive immigration reform one of my top priorities, becoming the lead sponsor of HR 15, the only bi-partisan comprehensive immigration reform bill in the House, and working with the President to implement executive action, which has a huge impact for South Florida.
Working with our community and addressing local needs are what has made my time in Congress so rewarding. You came to me with your concerns, compliments, and ideas, and I made sure they were reflected in everything I did, focusing on improving access to education, preserving Medicare, creating jobs, lowering flood insurance rates, and expanding access to health care.
Together, alongside leaders in our community and on Capitol Hill, I fought to make sure your voices were heard and your concerns were addressed.
We made great strides.
During my time in office, we have seen consistent economic growth and job creation.
We closed thousands of constituent cases, helping people get their social security checks, veterans benefits, visas, and many other things.
Working with allies, we lowered student loan rates, passed flood insurance reform, and introduced the only bi-partisan bill to fix our broken immigration system.
I had the opportunity to work closely with our farmers to keep them productive, fishermen and environmental activists to better our public lands and oceans, and small businesses to grow the South Florida economy.
We worked closely with veterans throughout the district to improve their access to healthcare, expand the clinic facility in Homestead, and increase flexibility in clinic access for rural communities.
With your advocacy and working with my colleagues on both sides of the aisle, we were able to bring millions of dollars to our district including funds to improve water quality in the Florida Keys, help restore the everglades, and provide better job training.
Being born and raised in this district, it has been my honor to give back to the community that has given me so much.
I thank you for the opportunity to work with you to represent such a beautiful, diverse, and vibrant community.
It has been the greatest honor of my life to serve you, be your voice in Congress, and represent Floridas 26th district.
Sincerely,
Joe Garcia
###
NOTE: Please DO NOT respond to this email as this inbox is unattended. To contact my office please
click here
UNSUBSCRIBE
|
PRIVACY POLICY
|
CONTACT US
Click Here Click Here