
If
you are having trouble viewing this message or would like to share it
on a social network, you can
view the message online .
Home
Biography
News
Issues &amp; Legislation
Constituent Services
The District
Contact
Us
November 21, 2014
E-News
Special Edition
Weigh In On Presidents Immigration
Order
Dear
Friend,
When Congress enacted immigration reform in 1986, it was
presented as a once and for all solution that would end the problem
of illegal immigration.
In addition to granting amnesty
to three million illegal immigrants, the legislation was meant to
regain control of our borders and thereby preserve the value of one of the
most sacred possessions of our people: American
citizenship.
Now, with more than eleven million people here illegally and the
country having witnessed a surge of unaccompanied minors over the
summer, the 1986 law is widely known as a failure.
Thats
why I consider the Presidents executive order announced last night to
be fundamentally flawed both on policy and the process under which he
is trying to enact it.
On process, the Constitution is
quite clear: our laws are written and adopted by Congress. The
Presidents constitutional responsibility is to ensure laws passed by Congress
are faithfully executed. In fact, prior to the announcement last night,
the President acknowledged more than 20 times throughout his
presidency he has zero authority to take unilateral action on immigration. It
defies logic for him to now argue he does, but it clearly indicates
his understanding of constitutional boundaries.
Once it
became certain the President was reversing course and backing away from
his prior statements, I immediately joined forces with my House
colleagues to
formally warn the President
not to act
independently. Our letter conveyed strong congressional disapproval if
he were to disregard the constitutional role of Congress and circumvent
the legislative process.
Heres how the process should
work: This past summer, when the Senate left Washington without acting
on the border crisis, the House adopted two measures with my support
to strengthen border enforcement and stop the Administration from
continuing its initiatives that have resulted in a massive increase of
illegal crossings and the smuggling of children through Americas southern
border. The only effective and legal way to resolve this issue
permanently is for the President to constructively engage with Congress on a
solution the American people want: border security, enforcement, and
visa processing reforms.
Yesterdays announcement was
also wrong on the policy. As the 1986 example shows, amnesty is not the
answer to the immigration problem because it only encourages more
illegal immigrants to enter. Illegal immigration is a crisis for the United
States as it provides an open door for drugs, criminals, and
potential terrorists to enter our country. And it strains our economy by
adding costs to our judicial, healthcare, and education
systems.
Perhaps more than most, the people of our region understand the
desire of those wanting to come to America. Many of our grandparents and
great-grandparents came here to find freedom and opportunity. But our
forefathers also played by the rules. We can welcome those who choose
to come to the U.S. legally, but those who have entered the country
unlawfully should not be allowed to go to the front of the line and be
permitted to stay. Its a simple matter of
fairness.
Yesterdays announcement raises serious concerns about the separation of
powers, and make no mistake, Congress will utilize all the tools the
Constitution provides to seek an end to the President's executive action
on immigration.
In the meantime, I will be closely
examining the Presidents order and invite you to do the same then share
your thoughts with me. You can read the details
here .
Do you support the Presidents executive
order on immigration? YES NO UNDECIDED Please share
your thoughts. If you are having trouble, click
here.
Please Feel Free to Tell a
Friend
E-mail:
E-mail:
E-mail:
Washington
D.C. Office
2332 Rayburn HOB
Washington, DC 20515
Phone:
(202) 2252301
Fax: (202) 2251844
Mt.
Lebanon Office
504 Washington
Road
Pittsburgh, PA 15228
Phone: (412) 3445583
Fax: (412)
4295092
Greensburg Office
2040 Frederickson
Place
Greensburg, PA 15601
Phone: (724) 8507312
Fax: (724) 8507315
Unsubscribe
|
Update My
Profile
|
Privacy Policy
gateway mail end
