
If you are having trouble viewing this message or would like to share
it on a social network, you can
view the message online .
HOME
|
ABOUT
|
CONTACT
|
HOW CAN I HELP
|
MEDIA
|
ISSUES
|
THE 12TH DISTRICT
|
LEGISLATION
Dear David,
Health Care
Many Americans are currently struggling to find access to quality
care. The health care industry is 1/6 of the economy. It is time for
Congress make common sense reforms that will lower costs and increase
access through free market principles. Health care came in at number 3
on the poll that you, my constituents, participated in a few weeks ago,
receiving 15.9% of the vote.
A Path to Discovery, Development &amp; Delivery: Finding
21 st
Century Cures
New treatments and cures are being developed and
discovered every day in health care. However, current health care
regulations can inhibit, rather than spur, innovation. This is why the
Energy and Commerce Committee has
launched the bipartisan
21 st
Century Cures Initiative
to determine what
steps can be taken to accelerate the pace of cures in
America.
As a member of the Energy and
Commerce Committee, I have supported plans to improve the
discovery-development-delivery cycle of treatments, so that potentially
life-saving, or life-improving, drugs and devices are more readily available to
the patients that need them. Right now, there are 7,000 diseases and
only about 500 treatments
we can do more.
In August,
I hosted two
roundtables
to hear from patients and health care providers. The
first,
21st Century Cures: Patients &amp; the Patient Perspective,
allowed me to hear from patients and patient advocates about the
broken discovery-development-delivery cycle. Patients are the ones who
are unable to gain access to potentially lifesaving or life-improving
treatments, and their perspective is vital. The second,
21st
Century Cures: Spurring Innovation, Advancing Treatments, &amp;
Incentivizing Investment,
let me hear from health care providers
researchers, clinicians, and diagnosticians
about how to best reduce the
regulatory hurdles they face. It is time to close the gap and save more
lives.
Fighting
Fraud
We must ensure
we are making the most effective and efficient use of limited taxpayer
dollars. Medicaid, Medicare, and CHIP are some of the largest federal
programs that account for nearly $1 trillion in spending. While these
programs that assist the elderly and needy are worthwhile, it is
vital to minimize waste, fraud, and abuse. I introduced two pieces of
legislation, H.R. 3392, the Patient Safety &amp; Drug Abuse Prevention
Act, and H.R. 2828, the MAP Act, which will help in that effort.
H.R. 3392 will
combat prescription drug abuse within the Medicare Part D by establishing a
Safe Pharmacy Access Program, which prevents high-risk beneficiaries
from abusing controlled substances. It is a cost-saving measure
utilized by private industry, TRICARE, and state Medicaid programs
an
infusion of small market principles into Medicare Part
D.
H.R. 2828 will reduce fraud by
removing Social Security Numbers from Medicare cards,
updating
and strengthening the civil and criminal penalties for abuse, and
providing states with incentives to encourage them to conduct their own
prescription drug monitoring.
The Administrations Health Care Law
the Affordable Care
Act
Source
Over the past year, I believe the negative impact that the
Administrations Health Care law has had on the American people has been
proven time and time again. From cancelled plans and rising health care
costs, to limiting options for doctors and medication,
most people now believe the health law is hurting their
families more than its helping them . Not only is the law
costing Americans hundreds, if not thousands, more a year in premiums, but
it has also gutted Medicare in order to pay for the trillion dollar
price tag.
Now, another
problem with the Administrations Health Care law has surfaced.
The HealthCare.gov server has successfully been
hacked , which potentially jeopardizes the personally identifiable
information of Americans. I saw this coming, which is why I introduced the One
Hour Notification Act in December of 2013. This bill would require
Americans who had their personally identifiable information compromised
to be notified by the Secretary of Health and Human Services within one
hour. This type of legislation is vital to sparing our citizens the
hardships they could experience due to identity
theft.
Sincerely,
Gus Bilirakis
Member of
Congress
Unsubscribe
|
Update My Profile
|
Privacy
Policy
gateway mail
end 