
November 9, 2014
WEBSITE
|
FORWARD TO A FRIEND
| SHARE ON:
Kline's Corner: Looking Forward
In This Week's Kline's Corner
Delivering Solutions Minnesotans Deserve
Honoring Our Veterans
Delivering Solutions Minnesotans Deserve
Dear Friends,
Later this week I will be returning to Washington to conclude the 113th Congress. While we will be reviewing important legislation in the final weeks of the year, I am optimistic about the possibilities when the 114th Congress convenes in January.
The 114th Congress welcomes new Senate leadership resolved to work with the House to deliver solutions for Americans, and provides an opportunity for a renewed dedication in the House to get results and implement solutions to the challenges we face. I remain committed to working with all my colleagues in the House and the Senate to deliver the solutions you and all Minnesotans deserve.
If you would like to review an outline of what the 114th Congress seeks to accomplish on behalf of Americans,
I encourage you to view the "Pillars of a Renewed Majority" document
here . Just as important, I would like to hear from you. Please share with me your priorities for the next Congress by visiting
my website .
Honoring Our Veterans
As the nation pauses Tuesday to honor our veterans, I wanted to share with you an update on the national defense bill which serves as a budgetary blueprint for the pentagon. In the coming weeks the House and Senate are expected to finalize bipartisan legislation which provides important funding for our veterans, service men and women, and their families in the coming weeks.
I supported the bill when the House considered it in May. I was pleased my legislation directing the Pentagon to issue a report detailing how it increased health care costs for more than 4,000 Minnesotans who were covered under the TRICARE Prime program but later removed by the Department of Defense was also incorporated into the national defense bill. To read more, click
here .
As a 25-year veteran of the U.S. Marine Corps whose son has served three tours in Iraq and Afghanistan, it is an honor, privilege, and my mission to ensure Congress supports our veterans.
Have a great week, and remember to thank a veteran on Tuesday!
John Kline
Member of Congress
KLINE IN THE NEWS
Kline receives Friend of Farm Bureau Award
The Minnesota Farm Bureau Federation is proud to award Congressman John Kline the 2014 Friend of Farm Bureau award. This is the sixth time he has received the award.
Representative Kline is committed to supporting agriculture. As Chairman of the House Committee on Education and the Workforce, he has been a strong voice in preventing regulatory overreach, said MFBF President Kevin Paap. Representative Kline has been a strong voice of opposition to EPAs proposed overreach on the definition of Waters of the United States. He has been a champion for Minnesotas agriculture, and he deserves our thanks for sharing Farm Bureaus dedication to enhancing the lives of farm families in the 2nd Congressional District and across the state.
Read more .
UPDATE SUBSCRIPTION OPTIONS
|
PRIVACY POLICY
|
CONTACT US
Click Here Click Here