
Official Site
Constituent Services
News
Contact
Senator McConnell&rsquo;s eNewsletter - - Week of December 1, 2014
Senator McConnell Works with Owsley County School District to Secure USDA Competitive Grant
On Wednesday, Senator McConnell announced that the United States Department of Agriculture (USDA) has approved funding to assist the Owsley County School District with its Farmers Market Program. In August, Senator McConnell contacted USDA in support of the school district&rsquo;s grant application. This assistance will allow the schools to purchase equipment and expand the land used by the school district to grow food to be served in its cafeterias.
&ldquo;This funding will help the Owsley County school district expand its capacity to provide quality food to its students while also promoting local and innovative food production,&rdquo; Senator McConnell said. &ldquo;This is great news for the Booneville community, and I was happy to work with them to help secure this competitive grant.&rdquo;
Dr. Tim Bobrowski, superintendent of Owsley County School District, said, &ldquo;The Owsley County School System is very appreciative of the support letter for our farm-to-school grant. Senator McConnell's support and attention to the true needs of our school and its community is deeply embedded in his actions by assisting us in receiving this grant that will enhance our Farm to School initiative in the Owsley County Schools. This project has evolved from local, state, and now federal dollars to ensure that our children utilize our resources to engage in this wonderful opportunity in promoting healthy eating and developing work habits that will assist students far after they graduate.&rdquo;
Senator McConnell visits with Kentuckians in Buckner
Last week, Senator McConnell visited Buckner, Kentucky to address members of the Oldham County Chamber of Commerce and the LaGrange Rotary. During the event at John Black Community Center, Senator McConnell spoke with Kentuckians about issues, such as pro-coal legislation and economic growth, which he will continue to prioritize as Majority Leader next year.
Following the event, Senator McConnell spoke to the local media. Click
HERE
to read a report from the Senator&rsquo;s visit by WLKY-TV in Louisville.
Photo credit: Oldham County Chamber of Commerce
In the Media
Last week, Senator McConnell discussed current events on the air on stations across the Commonwealth as he joined Charlie Perry on WHIR-Radio in Danville, John Rittenhouse on WHVO-Radio in Hopkinsville, Chuck Mraz on WMKY-Radio in Morehead, and Joe Elliott on WGTK-Radio in Louisville. He spoke about his fight against the President&rsquo;s War on Coal and efforts help Kentucky jobs and the economy in the Commonwealth.
On Tuesday, Senator McConnell was a guest at the
Wall Street Journal &rsquo;s annual council meeting and discussed the nation&rsquo;s economy and the legislative agenda for the next Congress.
Click the image below to watch the
Wall Street Journal
interview with Senator McConnell. Photo credit:
Wall Street Journal
Also on Tuesday, Senator McConnell and Senate GOP Leaders hosted a media availability in the U.S. Capitol.
Receive news updates from Senator McConnell&rsquo;s press office by following on Twitter at
@McConnellPress . Click the following Twitter images to retweet.
Senator McConnell talks exclusively with FOX News
On Thursday, Senator McConnell sat down with Greta Van Susteren, on the FOX News Channel, in his office in the U.S. Capitol for his first TV interview since the election.
Click the image below to watch the exclusive interview.
Visiting our Nation's Capital
If you&rsquo;re planning a trip to Washington, D.C., please check out Senator McConnell's
website
and visit his office while you are in town. Every week, Senator McConnell welcomes to his office in the U.S. Capitol many Kentuckians from across the Commonwealth to discuss issues of importance to Kentucky. Also, the Senator&rsquo;s office has information on tours, places to visit and local restaurants to help make your trip to the nation&rsquo;s capital one to remember.
Keeping Up With Senator McConnell
Keep up with the latest news and alerts from our nation&rsquo;s capital as well as updates on things happening back home in Kentucky by becoming a fan of Senator McConnell&rsquo;s
Facebook
page, and get the latest news from Senator McConnell&rsquo;s press office on Twitter at
@McConnellPress . Senator McConnell is also on Instagram - Follow him at
@McConnellPress .
Get this newsletter delivered to your inbox by signing up
HERE
Official Site
|
Privacy Policy
|
Unsubscribe
