
If you are having trouble viewing
this message or would like to share it on a social network, you can
view the message
online .
About Lynn
|
Constituent Services
|
Issues
|
Media Center
|
Legislative
Center
|
Georgia's Third District
|
Contact Me
November 23, 2014
Westmoreland Reaction to President's Immigration
Executive
Actions
The presidents announcement to allow five million illegal immigrants
to stay longer shows his complete disregard for the legislative process
and the constitution he swore to uphold. President Obama is once
again misleading the American people and setting up our nation for another
surge of illegal immigrants, hoping to catch the next wave of the
president's pardoning.
The president
himself said at least 22 times before that he cant do this alone and
he needs to go through Congress. Instead, he chose to do just that
and to continue his destructive pattern of acting without constitutional
authority.
The American
people want reform, and President Obama has squashed the opportunity for
the legislative branch to find that. American people want the
government to focus on securing the border and getting Americans back to
work, and this is a slap in the face to all those who entered our nation
legally.
Share on
Facebook
Share on
Twitter
Capitol Corner: President Going Around
Congress,
Again
Youd think that after the election, backlash and court cases, that
President Obama would finally realize that the American people dont want
more executive orders. They want the president to work with Congress
to find solutions. Republicans are willing to debate the issue and work
towards meaningful reform, however the president has signaled he will
act alone and do what he does best: Go around
Congress.
The president is avoiding a fundamental base
of our nations democratic system when he uses executive action on
major reforms. The funding, the process, and the logistics: there is much
to be debated over such a large issue like immigration. The
legislative process was written into place for purposes like this, and using an
executive order to bypass Congress on a monumental change for our
nation is an abuse of power. The worst part is its not just immigration,
but almost every large issue that is a struggle with the president.
Its a terrible and destructive pattern that needs to be broken. What we
really need is for the president to lead, but in typical fashion, the
president would rather act alone now and point the finger of blame
later.
In the upcoming few weeks of
lame duck, President Obama needs to act cautiously with his next
move. He is ignoring a large part of the American population who opposes
amnesty in any form and will be poisoning his relationship with a soon
to be Republican-controlled Congress before it has even started. Doing
these two things could make for a very long, very difficult next two
years for the president.
Share on
Facebook
Share on Twitter
House
Votes to Promote American
Manufacturing
Thursday, the U.S. House of Representatives
passed H.R. 4795, the Promoting New Manufacturing Act. The bill
increases transparency and reduces delays for air permits required by the
Clean Air Acts New Source Review preconstruction permitting program. This
legislation would increase efficiency of the permit process required
by the Environmental Protection Agency (EPA) by requiring the agency
to provide timely guidance about compliance regulations, as well as
submit an annual report to
Congress.
Georgias Third District is home to a lot of manufacturing
companies that provide important, jobs and stability to our community.
Whether its OSHA, the EPA, or ObamaCare, manufacturers and businesses are
constantly struggling to keep their doors open due to burdensome
federal regulations. By providing a little relief and transparency to the
air permit program, manufacturers will have greater certainty to
continue operating their business in America. Protecting and keeping
manufacturers in America means growing industrial jobs and continuing to
rebuild our economy.
Share on
Facebook
Share on Twitter
Join the
Conversation
Tell a
Friend
E-mail:
In Other
News
Kia Motors: Kia Motors
Manufacturing Georgia continues support of SAE Foundation and Troup Schools
with third $300K contribution
On Thursday, Kia
Motors Manufacturing Georgia, Inc. (KMMG) presented its third $300,000
contribution ($900,000 total) to the SAE Foundation that will be used to
continue impacting science, technology, engineering and mathematics
(STEM) education for Troup County Schools in 2015...
CNN: Israel charges 3 Palestinians in alleged plot
to kill foreign minister
The Israeli military
said Friday it arrested three Palestinians from the West Bank and charged
them in an alleged plot to assassinate Israeli Foreign Minister
Avigdor Lieberman
Fortune: Stung
by criticism, Fed will review how it supervises large
banks
The Federal Reserve is to launch a major review
into whether it is too close to the banks it supervises, after a recent
spate of criticism alleging that it is still in thrall to Wall
Streets giants
Fox News: Kerry to travel to Vienna for Iran nuclear
talks
U.S. Secretary of State John Kerry will
travel to Vienna later Thursday to join high-level nuclear negotiations
with Iran as a deadline for an agreement fast
approaches
The Hill:
ObamaCare total was inflated, GOP finds
Last
years enrollment total for ObamaCare was inflated by nearly 400,000 due
to a mistake that helped push the tally past the often-cited target
of 7 million, the Obama administration said Thursday. Health and Human
Services (HHS) Secretary Sylvia Mathews Burwell said the error
which
was unearthed in an investigation by House Republicans
was
inadvertent
WASHINGTON,
DC OFFICE 2433 Rayburn House Office
Bldg Washington, DC 20515 Phone (202) 225-5901 Fax (202) 225-2515
THIRD DISTRICT OFFICE
1601-B East Highway 34 Newnan, Georgia
30265 Phone (770) 683-2033 Fax (770) 683-2042
Unsubscribe
|
Update My Profile
|
Privacy
Policy
