
HOME
ABOUT
28TH DISTRICT
SERVICE
ISSUES
NEWSROOM
STUDENTS
CONTACT
November 11, 2014
Honoring Our Hometown Heroes
Dear Friends,
We all have a veteran who has touched our lives in some way.
When I toured and met with members of the armed forces overseas, I was struck by the commitment and sacrifice demonstrated by these remarkable men and women.
As we celebrate Veterans Day this November 11 th , we should pause to thank a veteran we know in our daily lives and focus on how we can better support the men and women who have fought for our country.
We must support our veterans in peace as we do when they are deployed.
Over the past year, my office has assisted countless veterans in getting the benefits they deserve.
I hope you will take a few moments to read some of their stories below. Should you or a veteran you know need assistance in reaching out to a federal agency, do not hesitate to contact any of my district offices in Laredo, Mission, Rio Grande City, or San Antonio.
You can also
visit my website to learn more about my casework services .
Thanks,
Henry
Pedro Devora, Wilson County Veteran
In July, I presented seven awards to WWII veteran, Mr. Pedro Devora.
Mr. Devora contacted my office last November to inquire about awards he did not receive upon his discharge from the Navy.
My constituent caseworker worked with the Department of the Navy to ensure Mr. Devora received the medals he had earned during his service.
Rep. Cuellar presented seven awards to WWII veteran, Pedro Devora, following successful efforts by the Congressman's office to work with the Department of Veteran's Affairs.
Mr. Devora served during World War II, aboard the U.S.S. Sangmon.
He participated in the invasion in Okinawa on Easter Sunday
April 1, 1945 and has already been honored by the Mariana Islands Government with the World War II Victory Medal, Philippine Presidential Unit Citation and Philippine Liberation Medal (with one Bronze Star) for his heroism in the Pacific Theatre and deliverance from the Empire of Japan.
The awards he received are an indication that his valiant service to our country has not gone unnoticed. His bravery while fighting for the freedom we all deserve is being recognized today.
Read the full press release on Mr. Devora here
Joseph Pelto, Laredo Veteran
Joseph Pelto, a Laredo constituent and veteran of the U.S. Army, came into my Laredo office with an issue regarding his prescription medication.
With a delayed response to refill the medication needed, Mr. Pelto came to us for help.
Constituent caseworker Sylvia Segovia assisted Laredo resident Joseph Pelto resolve a prescription medication issue with the Department of Veterans Affairs.
My constituent caseworker, Ms. Sylvia Segovia, met with Mr. Pelto and reached out to the VA on his behalf.
Due to Ms. Segovia's outreach, the VA was able to resolve Mr. Pelto prescription issue.
Mr. Pelto served in the U.S. Army and U.S. Army Reserves from 1973-1996 and was stationed at Ft. Hood, Texas.
Fernando Flores, Mission Veteran
Fernando Flores, a Mission resident and veteran, came into my Rio Grande Valley district office due to an issue with his prescription medication.
My constituent caseworker, Narda Terrones, met with Mr. Flores and called the Department of Veterans Affairs on his behalf.
Due to that outreach, the VA got in touch with Mr. Flores's doctor and the issue was resolved immediately.
"Constituents like these energize a desire to give back and to build a better future.
We owe future generations to correct the mistakes today and lead a path to greater opportunity.
This future can be obtained if we help fellow individuals. With individual success comes a collaborative
gesture that we can fix a system when the system falls short. Keep up the good work. - Fernando Flores, 09/08/2014
Arthur Wildberger, Adkins Veteran
In June, I presented more than 16 medals and awards to Adkins veteran, Arthur Wildberger.
Mr. Wildberger served more than 23 years in the United States Navy during the Vietnam era and was attached to the 3 rd Marine Division during the Desert Storm Operation.
Rep. Cuellar presented more than 16 medals and awards to Adkins veteran, Arthur Wildberger following congressional inquiry by Rep. Cuellar's office with the Department of Veteran's Affairs.
Mr. Wildberger contacted my office to inquire about medals and ribbons he did not receive when he retired.
After following up with the Department of the Navy, the staff in my San Antonio district office were able to procure the awards Mr. Wildberger deserves.
It gave me great honor to present these medals, ribbons, stars, and pin to Mr. Wildberger. His valiant service to our country has not gone unnoticed and his bravery while fighting for our freedom is being recognized today.
Read the full story on Mr. Wildberger here.
Juan Jose Perez, Laredo Veteran
Juan Jose Perez from Laredo sought benefits from the Department of Veterans Affairs. After waiting up to eight years for a final decision, Mr. Perez felt it was past due to come see us. My office was able to resolve Mr. Perezs case this past July.
He served in the US Army and was stationed at Fort Knox and Fort Leonard Wood.
He served on active duty from 1960-1966.
Constituent caseworker Sylvia Segovia assisted Juan Jose Perez (left) in claiming benefits from the Department of Veterans Affairs.He is pictured here with his son, Jerry Perez (right).
Our gratitude extends to the congressman and the rest of his office staff for the excellent treatment they gave us. We were always treated with respect to our concerns. I waited six to eight years for the VA to resolve my case. Had it not been for the Congressman and his staffs assistance, it would have never happened. Juan J. Perez 07/29/2014
Rick de Sousa, Mission Veteran
In December 2013, Mr. Rick de Sousa contacted my office in Mission to request assistance on expediting his pending VA claims. He had been trying for more than three years to prepare the documentation he needed for the VA to begin processing his claims. Mr. de Sousa served in the Navy for over 20 years.
Constituent caseworker and outreach coordinator, Nichole Hernandez, assisted Mr. de Sousa in his case with the Department of Veterans Affairs.
My staff was able to get the documents he needed and successfully advocate for him to receive a 100% disability rating on his claim. Mr. de Sousa is pictured here with Nichole Hernandez, my outreach coordinator and caseworker for Hidalgo County, who worked with him on his case.
Thank you, Mr. de Sousa, for your service to our country. I am glad my office could help get the benefits you deserve.
Rubin Leal, Poteet Veteran
In April, I presented two medals to Rubin Leal, Korean War Veteran and resident of Poteet, Texas.
Mr. Leals Korean Service Medal with Bronze Star attachment is accompanied by the Korean War Service Medal.
This particular service medal was issued on the 50 th
anniversary of the Korean War.
Rep. Cuellar presented two medals to Poteet veteran Rubin Leal. Congressman Cuellar's office assisted Mr. Leal in claiming the medals from the Department of Veterans Affairs.
According to the Department of Defense, when the Korean War Service Medal was originally made available from the Republic of Korea to members of the United Nations Forces in 1954, most of the eligible service members had returned home from the war.
This 50 th
anniversary Korean War Service Medal was made available to the eligible members who were offered this medal, but never issued.
For the full story, click here.
CONNECT WITH US
Washington D.C. Office
2431 Rayburn HOB
Washington, DC 20515
phone: 202-225-1640
fax: 202-225-1641
San Antonio Office
615 E. Houston Street, Suite 563
San Antonio, Texas 78205
phone: (210)271-2851
fax: (210) 277-6671
toll free: 1 (877) 780-0028
Laredo Office
602 E. Calton Road, Suite 2
Laredo, Texas 78041
phone: (956) 725-0639
fax: (956) 725-2647
Rio Grande Office
100 N. F.M. 3167
Rio Grande City, Texas 78582
phone: (956) 487-5603
fax: (956) 488-0952
Mission Office
117 E. Tom Landry
Mission, Texas 78572
phone: (956) 424-3942
fax: (956) 424-3936
Click Here
to view this email in your browser
Click Here
to be removed from this list