
NOV
21
News From Senator Ayotte's Office
Dear Friends,
You may have seen the president's announcement this week that he will make changes to our nation's immigration system through an executive order.
I disagree with the president's unilateral action, which circumvents Congress's constitutional role and our democratic process, and I believe he should have honored his own words that acting unilaterally on immigration reform is "not how our democracy functions" and "not how our Constitution was written."
We need to fix our broken immigration system and I've supported legislation to do so, but the president's decision to act alone will only make it more difficult to achieve long-term reforms to secure our border, stop future waves of illegal immigration, and reform our legal immigration system.
Instead of acting on his own, the president should work with Congress to find common ground on reforms that the Senate and the House can support.
This week, I voted in support of bipartisan legislation to approve the Keystone XL pipeline.
Construction of the pipeline has support from Republicans, Democrats, manufacturers, and labor unions because of the expected positive impact the project would have on energy production and economic growth.
States affected by Keystone XL have supported advancing this project, and the bill seeks to allow the project to advance while complying with applicable state and local laws, including those protecting private property rights.
Approval of the pipeline has been held up because of partisan politics in Washington, despite the fact that the project has been under review for the past six years and has cleared environmental reviews by the Obama administration.
While the bill fell one vote short of advancing, I hope the Senate will take up this common sense legislation again next year.
I'm pleased to report that the Senate gave final approval this week to bipartisan legislation I cosponsored that will reauthorize the Child Care and Development Block Grant (CCDBG) program and the president has signed it into law.
I've heard directly from New Hampshire parents who have been able to continue to work while also having access to more affordable child care thanks to CCDBG, and renewing and updating this program will allow those who want to work or improve their education and job skills to continue to do so.
Scroll down for more info.
On Thursday, the Senate passed a bipartisan bill I'm backing aimed at preventing sudden and unexpected deaths in infants and children - many of which occur with no obvious cause.
This legislation seeks to enhance data collection, promote better collaboration, and disseminate information to the public and stakeholders in the medical and law enforcement communities with the goal of better understanding the causes of these tragedies and ultimately helping prevent such deaths from occurring.
Read on for more about this bill.
Earlier today, I met with campus officials, students, victim advocates, and law enforcement personnel at Dartmouth to discuss campus safety issues and ways to prevent sexual assaults on campus.
I provided an update on a bill I helped introduce aimed at stopping sexual violence on campuses nationwide, boosting accountability and transparency at colleges and universities, and better supporting survivors.
Today's meeting was part of my ongoing efforts to hear feedback from colleges and universities across the state about this bill, as well as discuss steps schools are already taking to address this issue.
Click
here
to read more - and please read on for additional news from my office.
Signed Into Law Child Care Block Grant Bill
President Obama has signed into law bipartisan legislation cosponsored by Senator Ayotte to help working families in New Hampshire and across the country better access child care so that parents can work, train for work, or attend school. Legislation to reauthorize the Child Care and Development Block Grant (CCDBG) program passed the Senate on Monday by a vote of 88 to 1.
The bill updates the program to allow states to better develop their own child care programs and permits low-income families to use vouchers in order to afford child care and after-school programs. To qualify for assistance, parents must demonstrate they are working or enrolled in school, yet fall below certain income thresholds.
"I'm a strong supporter of the CCDBG program, which helps working families in New Hampshire better afford child care," said Senator Ayotte. "Renewing and updating this important program will ensure that those who want to work or improve their education and job skills can pursue opportunities to do so while accessing affordable child care, and I'm pleased this bill has been signed into law."
Read more.
Time for Washington to Play "Moneyball"
Senator Ayotte and Senator Mark Warner (D-VA) joined CNN's Jake Tapper to discuss the chapter they co-wrote in the new "Moneyball for Government" book.
The book is focused on how basing policy on hard evidence and data would make government smarter, more efficient and more accountable to taxpayers.
Senator Ayotte and Senator Warner have worked together in the Senate to reduce waste and duplication in government, and they discussed how Moneyball is a bipartisan opportunity that can help Republicans and Democrats cut through partisan gridlock.
Click here
to watch their interview.
Ayotte Urges Administration to Address ISIS's Campaign of Systemic Sexual Abuse and Enslavement of Women
Senator Ayotte and Senator Amy Klobuchar (D-MN) are urging the Administration to address the Islamic State in Iraq and al-Sham's (ISIS) campaign of systematic sexual assault and enslavement of women. According to a recent report from the United Nations High Commissioner for Human Rights (UNCHR), women and girls are being sold like property and imprisoned in houses where they are suffering brutal rapes and sexual assaults at the hands of ISIS fighters. In a letter to Secretary of State John Kerry, the senators asked the Administration to work with international partners to document, disclose, and put an end to these horrific acts.
"We recognize that the Department has taken steps to publicize ISIS atrocities through social media to help deter recruitment by the organization in Europe and the United States," the senators wrote. "These efforts could be bolstered by including a greater emphasis on ISIS's mass crimes against women and girls, including rape and trafficking for forced marriages. While drawing greater attention to these incidents, the State Department should also work wherever possible with human rights organizations to identify specific perpetrators in order to facilitate war crimes charges against them in the future."
Read the letter.
Ayotte: Senate Leaders Should Convene Bipartisan Lunch Meetings
Senator Ayotte joined a group of bipartisan colleagues in calling for Senate leaders to convene monthly bipartisan lunch meetings in an effort to strengthen relationships between Democrats and Republicans in the Senate.
"As both the Senate and the nation look toward the 114 th
Congress and beyond, we believe that better functioning relationships in this body will be a necessary prerequisite in order to meet our common challenges," the Senators wrote.
"It is our hope that our respective leadership teams take concrete steps to broaden the relationships and deepen the rapport among members.
Specifically, we believe that monthly bipartisan lunches would serve this goal. Given that our caucuses already meet separately at least twice weekly, surely scheduling a bipartisan lunch just once a month would make for a workable option."
Read the letter.
Senate Unanimously Passes Ayotte-Backed Legislation Aimed At Preventing Sudden Deaths in Children
The Senate has approved bipartisan legislation backed by Senator Ayotte that seeks to enhance data collection related to sudden, unexpected deaths in infants and children, provide families with a better understanding of the causes of these tragedies, and ultimately help prevent such deaths from occurring.
The bill now goes back to the House and if approved there, would go on to the president to be signed into law.
"Nothing is more devastating for a parent than the loss of child, but it is even more painful to lose a child without understanding how or why such a tragedy occurred," said
Senator Ayotte.
"This legislation would improve efforts to promote better collaboration, enhance data collection, and disseminate information to the public and stakeholders in the medical and law enforcement communities - with the goal of increasing awareness and ultimately preventing parents from experiencing the heartbreaking loss of a child.
I call on my colleagues in the House to quickly take up and pass this bill so that the President can sign it into law."
Kraig Emery, a resident of Boscawen, who lost his son to SUDC , said: "I am confident that the Sudden Unexplained Death Data Enhancement and Awareness Act will not only save lives, like that of my son Kalahan who passed away at the age of 2 &frac12;, but also prevent countless loved ones from experiencing the compounding grief of losing a child and seeking answers that will never come. I am honored that Senator Kelly Ayotte, from my home state of New Hampshire, is a lead sponsor of this bill, and look forward to doing anything I can to support the efforts of the families who continue to drive the cause."
Read more.
Ayotte, Bipartisan Senate Women Call on Federal Health Leaders to Prioritize Combating Women's Heart Disease
Senator Ayotte joined a bipartisan group of Senate women including Senators Barbara A. Mikulski (D-Md.), Debbie Stabenow (D-Mich.), Dianne Feinstein (D-Calif.), Barbara Boxer (D-Calif.), Patty Murray (D-Wash.), Mary Landrieu (D-La.), Maria Cantwell (D-Wash.), Kirsten Gillibrand (D-N.Y.), Tammy Baldwin (D-Wis.) and Mazie Hirono (D-Hawaii) in calling on federal health leaders to prioritize combating heart disease, which is the number one killer of women in America.
"Heart disease is the number one killer of women in the U.S., but we still don't know enough about how certain risk factors can impact women differently than men nor how symptoms unique to women can help assist with early detection," said Senator Ayotte. "By calling on the NIH and CDC to prioritize women's heart health, including placing a focus on more representative research, we can encourage greater awareness of women's cardiovascular health and promote more screenings that can help save women's lives."
Read more.
Photos of the Week
Senator Ayotte met with New Hampshire students participating in The Washington Center's intership program.
From left to right: Elizabeth Schoedinger (Weare), Andrew Valcourt (Nashua), John Royal (Gilford), Thomas Arsenault (Hampton Beach), Senator Ayotte, Alan Annicchiarico (Nashua), and Chelsea Tremblay (Manchester).
Senator Ayotte with Dr. James Billington, the Librarian of Congress and recipient of the 2014 Jack Kemp Leadership Award.
On Monday evening, Senator Ayotte was the keynote speaker at the annual Jack Kemp Foundation Leadership Award Dinner.
Leaders from the Society for Human Resource Management's New Hampshire Chapter stopped by Coffee with Kelly this week.
From left to right:
Debra Paul (Allenstown), Tina Sharby (Manchester),
Jeannie DiBella (Nashua), Senator Ayotte,
Laurie Glaude (Goffstown),
and Denise Vaillancourt (Concord).
Senator Ayotte visited White Mountain Biodiesel in North Haverhill on Friday.
From left to right: Glenn English, Bruce Lamarre, Wayne Presby, Senator Ayotte and Beno Lamontagne.
CLICK HERE TO SHARE THIS NEWSLETTER
Warm Regards,
Kelly Ayotte
United States Senator
Email Kelly
Manchester Office
1200 Elm Street, Suite 2
Manchester, NH 03101 Phone:
603-622-7979
Nashua Office
144 Main Street
Nashua, NH 03060 Phone:
603-880-3335
North Country Office 19 Pleasant Street, Suite 13B
Berlin, NH 03570 Phone:
603-752-7702 Fax:
603-752-7704
Portsmouth Office
14 Manchester Square, Ste 140
Portsmouth, NH 03801 Phone:
603-436-7161
Washington, DC
144 Russell Senate Office Building
Washington, DC 20510
Phone:
202-224-3324
Email Kelly
|
ayotte.senate.gov
|
Unsubscribe
