
Friday, November 14, 2014
WEBSITE
|
FORWARD TO A FRIEND
| SHARE ON:
Saluting Our Nation's Heroes
Rep. Murphy speaks with local veterans before the Annual Veterans Day Parade in Stuart about their concerns and his continued advocacy in Congress to protect veterans benefits.
Veterans Day
On Tuesday, Americans came together to salute the heroes who have served and defended our nation with distinction.
I was honored to join with our neighbors across the Treasure Coast and Palm Beaches to thank our servicemen and women at several events across Florida's Eighteenth District.
While Veterans Day is a special day of recognition, it is important to renew and fulfill the promises we have made to our veterans, active duty military, and military families each day.
That means providing the best equipment, the pay they have earned, and access to the best medical and mental health services possible.
Keeping the Promise
As you know, earlier this year, a comprehensive Inspector General investigation found systematic, coordinated efforts by VA officials to cover up gross misconduct at VA facilities, which resulted in unforgivable mistreatment of our veterans.
While I joined with my colleagues to call on VA Secretary Eric Shinseki to resign, his departure alone is not enough to repair the damage done to veterans' and military families' trust in our government.
Rep. Murphy spoke at FPL/NextEra's VetNext Veterans Day event about the importance of veterans hiring and education initiatives.
After months of meetings with veterans, veterans service organizations (VSOs), and other stakeholders, VA Secretary Robert McDonald recently announced the first of several efforts to improve communication and transparency at the VA.
These include establishing a new VA-wide customer service organization to foster a responsive, veteran-driven culture, a single regional framework to cut red tape and burdensome procedural hurdles, and a national network of Community Veterans Advisory Councils to address the unique needs of each community.
Rep. Murphy spoke at Royal Palm Beach's annual Veterans Day Candlelight Service regarding the importance of protecting the benefits our heroes have earned.
I applaud these steps to tackle the systematic failures that have plagued the VA for a generation.
VA Secretary McDonald, the VA, and our government cannot stop there.
Each claim must be fully investigated in an open and transparent manner, the individuals responsible must be held accountable, and practices must be put in place to prevent this from happening again.
The men and women who have honorably defended our country never failed to answer the call of duty, and I will hold our government accountable to do the same. I promise to keep working hard for our veterans -- not just on Veterans Day but every day.
SURVEY
We must continue to protect our service members, veterans, and their families, all of whom sacrifice so much for our country. I remain committed to working in Congress to make sure our nation works for and honors the men and women who serve in the Armed Forces.
Which of the following do you think should be Congress' first priority on veterans issues in the 114th Congress?
- Continuing reform efforts of the Veterans Administration to address the systemic failures of the agency
- Improving the quality of VA health care
- Further reducing the VA disability claims backlog
- Making sure veterans have an opportunity to find a good job at a decent wage
- Other
Click here to weigh in.
Stay Connected
Feel free to share this newsletter with others who may be interested in staying up to date on issues impacting our community. To receive future email updates like this one,
click here .
To stay up-to-date on my work representing the Treasure Coast and Palm Beaches, please follow me on the following social media channels:
Facebook ,
Twitter ,
Instagram ,
YouTube , and
Flickr .
NOTE: Please DO NOT respond to this email as this inbox is unattended. To contact my office please
click here
UPDATE SUBSCRIPTION OPTIONS
|
PRIVACY POLICY
|
CONTACT US
Click Here Click Here