
RAND'S NEWSLETTER UPDATE
DECEMBER 5, 2014
Please allow me to update you on this week's happenings in Washington, D.C.
Dr. Rand Paul Speaks in Support of Military Justice Improvement Act
On Tuesday, I joined Sens. Kirsten Gillibrand (D-N.Y.), Susan Collins (R-Maine), Chuck Grassley (R-Iowa), Barbara Boxer (D-Calif.), Richard Blumenthal (D-Conn.), Mazie Hirono (D-Hawaii), Ted Cruz (R-Texas), and retired Air Force Chief Prosecutor Colonel Don Christensen to renew the push for passage of the Military Justice Improvement Act at a press conference.
This bipartisan piece of legislation will combat sexual assault and other violent crimes in the U.S. military by restructuring the way in which they are reported and prosecuted. Click
HERE
or below to view my remarks at the press conference.
Dr. Rand Paul Introduces Declaration of War Against Islamic State
Also, on Tuesday I introduced a resolution to declare that a state of war exists between the organization referring to itself as the Islamic State (ISIS) and the government and people of the United States.
I believe the President must come to Congress to begin a war and that Congress has a duty to act. Right now, this war is illegal until Congress acts pursuant to the Constitution and authorizes it.
Click
HERE
to read my entire statement.
Dr. Rand Paul Comments on Confirmation of David Hale and Greg Stivers as U.S. District Judges
On Thursday, the U.S. Senate unanimously confirmed David Hale and Greg Stivers as United States District Judges for the Western District of Kentucky.
Click
HERE
to read my statement on their confirmations.
Dr. Rand Paul Meets with Irving Materials Inc. from Kentucky
On Wednesday, I had the pleasure of meeting with the Vice President of Irving Materials Inc., Jim Spalding, in my offices in Washington, D.C. We discussed several important issues during the meeting, including the Transportation bill passed in the Senate earlier this year.
(Dr. Rand Paul and Jim Spalding from Irving Materials Inc. - December 3, 2014)
Media Wrap-Up
This week, I appeared on Fox's
The Kelly File , CNN's
The Situation Room with Wolf Blitzer , and MSNBC's
Hardball with Chris Matthews . I spoke with several radio stations across the country, as well as stations in Kentucky including Leland Conway on WHAS.
Have An Issue Or Concern?
If you are a Kentucky resident and need assistance with a federal agency or concern, feel free to contact the Bowling Green office (270-782-8303) to have a discussion with the appropriate staff member.
Stay in Touch with Sen. Paul's Social Media
You can find updates on what I'm doing by visiting my Senate website,
www.paul.senate.gov
and you can follow my official Google+ account
HERE . You can also subscribe to my YouTube channel
HERE . Don't forget to become a fan of my
official Facebook page
and my
official Instagram page
for other timely updates.
Warm Regards,
To unsubscribe from Rand's newsletter, please visit the
unsubscribe page
