 called by the Statehood Coalition as they contemplate plans to maintain the unprecedented momentum from our Senate statehood hearing in September and the record number of cosponsors in the House and Senate for our statehood bill.
The Coalition plans more meetings to make concrete plans.
Supporting the Presidents Executive Actions for Immigration Reform
Shortly after the President announced his temporary changes, far short of citizenship, mainly affording family reunification, I released a statement
reminding the public and my colleagues that the Presidents changes are similar to executive actions from Republican and Democratic presidents in the past, except that most of theirs were permanent changes.
The Presidents modest approach solidifies families and protects some immigrant families by allowing immigrants who have been long-time residents and have children born in the U.S. to work.
The relief to families and other reforms, such as more security for the border, are urgently needed, but, as the President said, there is no substitute for a bill.
The Presidents action is a direct challenge to the House, which has done nothing.
Seeking a Top-to-Bottom Review of the U.S. Secret Service
A Department of Homeland Security (DHS) report confirmed even more mistakes by the Secret Service during the recent White House breach by Omar Gonzales.
The report only reinforces my earlier call for a full investigation
of the Secret Service, the first in its history.
D.C. Students Given Extension to Apply to the Service Academies
This year, prospective nominees were given extra weeks, from November 3 to November 19, to submit their applications for review by my office.
Last week, D.C. Public Schools sponsored their first Academy sessions
at Eastern Senior High School in Northeast and at Bell Multicultural High School in Northwest, a welcome addition to my own Service Academy events.
I spoke at these events about preparation for admission to the Service Academies.
Amit Mehta Confirmed by Senate Judiciary Committee
My final recommendation for D.C. federal district court judge in the 113th Congress, Amit Mehta, an accomplished trial lawyer, was sent to the Senate floor
by the Senate Judiciary Committee on Thursday.
Mehta, who would be the first Pacific Asian American on the district court here, graduated from Georgetown with high honors and has represented companies and individuals in federal cases.
Speaking at the 28th Annual Adoption Day
I spoke at the Superior Court of the District of Columbia last Saturday for the 28th Annual Adoption Day , in which children are adopted on the Saturday before Thanksgiving in the District and across the nation.
doctype html
Congresswoman Nortons e-Newsletter
November 24, 2014
Maintaining Momentum for D.C. Statehood
I
was pleased to offer some ideas at a
District of Columbia Statehood Strategy
Summit
called by the Statehood Coalition as they contemplate plans to maintain the unprecedented momentum from our Senate statehood hearing in September and the record number of cosponsors in the House and Senate for our
statehood bill.
The Coalition plans more meetings to make concrete plans.
Supporting the Presidents Executive Actions for Immigration Reform
Shortly after the President announced his temporary changes, far short of citizenship, mainly affording family reunification, I
released a statement
reminding the public and my colleagues that the Presidents changes are similar to executive actions from Republican and Democratic presidents in the past, except that most of theirs were permanent changes.
The Presidents modest approach solidifies families
and protects some immigrant families by allowing immigrants who have been long-time residents and have children born in the U.S. to work.
The relief to families and other reforms, such as more security for the border, are urgently needed, but, as the President
said, there is no substitute for a bill.
The Presidents action is a direct challenge to the House, which has done nothing.
Seeking a Top-to-Bottom Review of the U.S. Secret Service
A Department of Homeland Security (DHS) report confirmed even more mistakes by the Secret Service during the recent White
House breach by Omar Gonzales.
The report only reinforces my earlier
call
for a full investigation
of the Secret Service, the first in its history.
D.C. Students Given Extension to Apply to the Service Academies
This year, prospective nominees were given extra weeks, from November 3 to November 19, to submit their applications for review by my office.
Last week, D.C. Public Schools sponsored their first
Academy sessions
at Eastern Senior High School in Northeast and at
Bell Multicultural High School in Northwest, a welcome addition to my own Service Academy events.
I spoke at these events about preparation for admission to the Service Academies.
Amit Mehta Confirmed by Senate Judiciary Committee
My final recommendation for D.C. federal district court judge in the 113 th
Congress, Amit Mehta, an accomplished trial lawyer,
was sent to the Senate floor
by the Senate Judiciary Committee on Thursday.
Mehta, who would be the first Pacific Asian American on the district court here, graduated from Georgetown with high honors and has represented companies and individuals in federal cases.
Speaking at the 28 th
Annual Adoption Day
I spoke at the Superior Court of the District of Columbia last Saturday for the
28 th
Annual Adoption Day ,
in which children are adopted on the Saturday before Thanksgiving in the District and across the nation.
Thanks for subscribing!
Follow Congresswoman Norton on
Facebook ,
Twitter ,
Instagram ,
YouTube , or her
website
for more updates.
Capitol Hill Office
2136 Rayburn HOB
Washington, D.C. 20515
Phone: (202) 225-8050
Fax: (202) 225-3002
S.E. District Office
2041 Martin Luther King Jr. Ave., S.E.
Washington, D.C. 20020
Phone: (202) 678-8900
Fax: (202) 678-8844
Main District Office
90 K Street, N.E., Suite 100
Washington DC 20001
Phone: (202) 408-9041
Fax: (202) 408-9048
To unsubscribe from our list, please click here .
