
If you are having trouble
viewing this message or would like to share it on a social network, you can
view the message
online .
Home
Contact Me
About
Services
News
Issues
November 23, 2014
Dear
David,
With the election in the rearview
mirror, it's time for everyone in Washington to work together to get some
things done. For instance, clearly our broken immigration system needs
to be fixed, but I'm disappointed in the President's decision to
continue politics-as-usual and "go-it-alone" without building
consensus.
As for me, I'm going to continue working to build bipartisan
support on issues to create a healthier economy and jobs, like
building the Keystone XL pipeline and repealing the medical device tax. I
wrote a column in the Wall Street Journal
about
why repealing this tax is so critical to help our economy and spur
innovation.
Also this week, I attended a ceremony in the U.S.
Capitol building honoring Vaclav Havel, the first democratically elected
President of Czechloslovakia and the Czech Republic. Havel was a
champion of freedom and democracy, admiring the United States. Billy
Gibbons, of ZZ Top, was part of the ceremony honoring the late
President.
Please feel free to contact my office if I can be of help to
you or your family. Also, make sure you join the conversation online
by visiting my
website ,
Facebook page ,
Twitter , and don't
forget to watch my weekly video,
Erik's Correspondence Corner .
Sincerely,
Erik
Paulsen
Member of Congress
Improving the Lives of
ALS Patients
You are likely aware of the recent phenomenon
that swept the nation called the Ice Bucket Challenge, which raised
millions of dollars for ALS research. However, many don't know about a
government agency's proposal that threatened those afflicted with ALS,
cerebral palsy, or other neurological and degenerative diseases. The
policy change would limit access to speech generating devices that are
critical to enabling millions to communicate with loved
ones.
Last month, I led a bipartisan effort opposing the agency's proposed
changes and thankfully they have now rescinded their proposal. We
should do more to embrace important technology in the medical field that
helps so many affected by
ALS.
Remembering Congressman Bill Frenzel
Congressman Bill Frenzel
served Minnesota's 3rd District with distinction for 20 years in
Congress. Sadly, he passed away early last week. Bill will be remembered as an
expert on budget, trade, and tax issues, as well as someone willing
to work across the aisle to get things done. Minnesotans also may
recall his famous 'Frenzel Doodles' that he would draw during hearings and
meetings. Even after retiring from Congress, Bill remained active on
trade and budget issues in a number of different capacities. I honored
Congressman Frenzel on the House floor
in a speech
as well as leading a
special order
where other members of Congress were able to say
words in rememberance of Bill.
Stopping
Invasive Species
Earlier this fall, the Minnehaha Creek
Watershed District discovered zebra mussels in Christmas Lake in
Shorewood. The discovery of zebra mussels in the lake is extremely troubling
and could have a serious impact on the lakes health. In fact, each
individual zebra mussle can produce up to 500,000 eggs a year. Both
state and local officials have worked very closely to contain the spread
of zebra mussels, but are now seeking a waiver from the Environmental
Protection Agency (EPA) to use a product that has been shown to be 100
percent effective in killing the mussels. I have requested that the
EPA expeditiously approve the states application.
Erik with Ms. Singh and Ms. Blue's 1st grade class at
Elm Creek Elementary in Maple
Grove.
Congressman Paulsen honoring Bill Frenzel on the House
floor with one of the famous 'Frenzel
Doodles.'
Congressman Paulsen speaking at a Breaking Free event about his efforts in
Congress to combat sex
trafficking.
###
Unsubscribe
|
Update My
Profile
|
Privacy Policy
