DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.0 Transitional//EN" "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml1/DTD/xhtml1-transitional.dtd"
October 30, 2014
Click here
if you have trouble viewing this email
E-NEWS
Meeting with students, constituents and local leaders of Ohios 15th District!
This week, I had the opportunity to travel and meet with local officials, college and elementary school students and constituents to discuss what Im doing in Washington as their member of Congress; and, also to listen and discuss legislative issues and concerns.
My first stop in Vinton County was Central Elementary where I had the opportunity to speak with 5th graders about the structure and role of our federal government. Students asked me questions regarding my role and responsibilities as a Congressman and how our laws are made.
I then stopped by Mama Renies Pizza to chat with a handful of elected officials regarding local priorities and concerns of Vinton County; and, ways in which my office can continue to help and support those priorities. Some of the topics we discussed were ways to stimulate economic growth, getting Vinton County a grocery store, and increasing educational opportunities for those in Vinton County.
The last stop of the day in Vinton County was the County Courthouse Commissioners Office where I hosted office hours for constituents to stop by and share their legislative concerns with me.
After a productive day in Vinton County, later in the week I traveled around Franklin County to host a teachers roundtable and speak to students of the OSU Dental School.
During the teachers roundtable in Hilliard, I heard from teachers on new and innovative ways to increase student performance. As the son of a teacher, I know how valuable our nations educators are.
Next, I traveled to my alma mater, The Ohio State University, to tour the OSU Dental School and update students on issues of importance to them, including student debt and Obamacare.
I appreciate opportunities like these to engage with constituents of all ages and all backgrounds. I also want to take this opportunity to remind you that my office is here to help. If you were unable to stop by my office hours and would like to share your opinions and concerns with me, please click
here . I will continue host office hours in the future, so please be sure to check my website for more information at
www.stivers.house.gov .
TOP NEWS
Don't Forget to Get Your Flu Shot
Veterans Day: Giving Thanks To Our Veterans
Honoring the winners of the Circleville Pumpkin Show
CONNECT
Facebook
Youtube
Twitter
WASHINGTON, DC OFFICE
1007 Longworth HOB
Washington, D.C. 20515
(202) 225-2015
(202) 225-3529 fax
CENTRAL OHIO OFFICE
3790 Municipal Way
Hilliard, Ohio 43026
(614) 771-4968
(614) 771-3990 fax
CONTACT ME
Email Me
Schedule a Meeting
Newsletter Subscribe/Unsubscribe
UPDATE SUBSCRIPTION OPTIONS
|
PRIVACY POLICY
|
CONTACT US
Click Here Click Here