
If
you are having trouble viewing this message or would like to share it
on a social network, you can
view the message online .
HOME
|
ABOUT
|
CONTACT
|
HOW CAN I HELP
|
MEDIA
|
ISSUES
|
THE 12TH DISTRICT
|
LEGISLATION
Dear David,
A Time
to be Thankful
As we enter the
holiday season, many of us have a lot for which to be thankful.I havebeen
blessed with a lovely wife, four healthy children, great parents, and
fantastic friends. Many people, however, are not so fortunate. This
Thanksgiving, as we look inward and are thankful for what we have, we
can also work to help others. The American dream is alive, and with the
help of philanthropic individuals, donating their time, money, or
food, we can help people reach new heights.
Holiday Farm Share Food
Giveaway
The economy has yet to fully recover, and too many people arestill
hurting. That is why I am honored to participate in a Holiday Farm
Share Food Giveaway on December 6.
If you or someone you know
is experiencing financial hardship, or receives any government
assistance, they are welcome to come receive fresh, free food.
The
event is on December 6, at the Dade City Business Centers front
parking lot (15000 Citrus County Drive), in Dade City, Florida. For more
information on the program, please call my office at 727- 232-
2921.
The Humane
Table
Earlier in
November, I was privileged to sponsor my third American Humane Association
briefing on Capitol Hill this year.
One of the most important
facets of the holiday season is gathering around the table with our family
and friends, and sharing in the spirit of the season.
In
addition to
who
we have around the table it is also important
that
what
we have on our table aligns with our values. This
Thanksgiving, we want to give thanks to our families but also to those
who work every day to put good, humane food on our tables.
Abraham Lincolns Thanksgiving
Proclamation
The year that is drawing towards its
close, has been filled with the blessings of fruitful fields and
healthful skies. To these bounties, which are so constantly enjoyed that we
are prone to forget the source from which they come, others have been
added, which are of so extraordinary a nature, that they cannot fail
to penetrate and soften even the heart which is habitually insensible
to the ever watchful providence of Almighty God.
In the
midst of a civil war of unequaled magnitude and severity, which has
sometimes seemed to foreign States to invite and to provoke their
aggression, peace has been preserved with all nations, order has been
maintained, the laws have been respected and obeyed, and harmony has prevailed
everywhere except in the theatre of military conflict; while that
theatre has been greatly contracted by the advancing armies and navies of
the Union. Needful diversions of wealth and of strength from the fields
of peaceful industry to the national defence, have not arrested the
plough, the shuttle or the ship; the axe has enlarged the borders of
our settlements, and the mines, as well of iron and coal as of the
precious metals, have yielded even more abundantly than
heretofore.
Population has steadily increased, notwithstanding the waste that
has been made in the camp, the siege and the battle-field; and the
country, rejoicing in the consiousness of augmented strength and vigor,
is permitted to expect continuance of years with large increase of
freedom. No human counsel hath devised nor hath any mortal hand worked out
these great things. They are the gracious gifts of the Most High God,
who, while dealing with us in anger for our sins, hath nevertheless
remembered mercy. It has seemed to me fit and proper that they should
be solemnly, reverently and gratefully acknowledged as with one heart
and one voice by the whole American People.
I do therefore
invite my fellow citizens in every part of the United States, and also
those who are at sea and those who are sojourning in foreign lands, to
set apart and observe the last Thursday of November next, as a day of
Thanksgiving and Praise to our beneficent Father who dwelleth in the
Heavens. And I recommend to them that while offering up the
ascriptions justly due to Him for such singular deliverances and blessings, they
do also, with humble penitence for our national perverseness and
disobedience, commend to His tender care all those who have become widows,
orphans, mourners or sufferers in the lamentable civil strife in
which we are unavoidably engaged, and fervently implore the interposition
of the Almighty Hand to heal the wounds of the nation and to restore
it as soon as may be consistent with the Divine purposes to the full
enjoyment of peace, harmony, tranquillity and Union.
A
blessed Thanksgiving to all!!
Sincerely,
Gus Bilirakis
Member of Congress
Unsubscribe
|
Update My Profile
|
Privacy Policy
