
If you are having trouble viewing this message
or would like to share it on a social network, you can
view the message online .
December 02, 2014
Unsubscribe
Update My Profile
Website
|
About
Doug
|
District Map
|
Constituent Services
|
Issues &amp; Legislation
|
News
|
Contact |
Dear Friend,
As we
resume work in Washington, we are faced with some serious choices on a
variety of issues including illegal immigration,
the Keystone
Pipeline,
Military Religious Freedom, and
more.
President
Obamas actions are not only unlawful, they are emblematic of this
administrations increasingly blatant disregard and disrespect for the
American people, especially to every immigrant who has come to this
country legally. The President himself, on twenty two separate occasions,
has told the American people that he does not have the authority to take
the type of unilateral actions hes now pursuing. But just like his
promise that if you like your health insurance plan you can keep it,
he has misled us once
again.
President Obama's
immigration plan amounts to one thing, plain and simple, executive amnesty for
millions of people living illegally in America. The truth is that
President Obama remains the greatest obstacle to immigration reform by
treating our broken immigration system as a political
opportunity.
Changes and revisions to our immigration system are needed to make
our nation more secure and more competitive in the economy of the
world. However, the American people voted for a bipartisan government and
they expect Congress to be their voice in the immigration reform
process. Working with Congress is not optional, the Constitution makes it
mandatory.
In the coming days, I will continue to work with my
colleagues in the House to find any and every avenue provided to stop
President Obama from continuing to ignore the will of the American
people and circumvent the Constitution. I have already called for the
House Appropriations Committee to include language, in all relevant
appropriations legislation for the next fiscal year, prohibiting the use of
funds to implement the Presidents new amnesty
policies.
I,
like the President, made an oath to uphold the Constitution. The
difference is that I have every intention to continue to keep that
promise.
The President's actions are
simply not acceptable to myself and my fellow Republicans. That's why I
joined dozens of my colleagues in a letter to the House Appropriations
Committee calling for them to "include language in all relevant
appropriations legislation for FY 2015 to prohibit the use of funds by
the administration for the implementation of current or future
executive actions that would create additional work permits and green cards
outside the scope prescribed by Congress."
I will continue
to focus on American energy development and ensuring religious freedom
rights for members of our military and will discuss these items below
in greater detail.
As
we move toward the end of the 113th Congress and prepare for the
114th, I want you to know that I appreciate your feedback and that it is an
honor to be your Representative in Washington DC. I will continue to
work hard and do everything I can to represent our amazing community
and the citizens of the best Congressional District in the
country.
Please let me know if you require any assistance with a federal
government agency by contacting my local office at (719)
520-0055.
Sincerely,
SERVING OUR VETERANS
I
participated in a House Veterans Affairs Committee hearing discussing the
VA's longstanding information security weaknesses and data
manipulation. We reviewed the steps being taken by the VA to address these
critical weaknesses in their systems.
Please
click
HERE
to watch my
questions
MILITARY RELIGIOUS
FREEDOM
I was pleased to hear that the Air Force has revised
their Religious Freedom regulations based on my amendment
to the FY2015 National Defense
Authorization Act (H.R. 4435) during debate on the House floor in May of this
year. The amendment, section 528, requires the Air Force to revise Air
Force Instruction (AFI) 1-1. The previous version of AFI 1-1 included
language restricting the religious expression of
Airmen. .
The Air Forces new policy more clearly reflects the
priority of religious freedom in our Constitution and in the conscience
protections for servicemembers and chaplains that Congress passed in the
National Defense Authorization Act. Whereas the old language was
misleading and confusing for Commanders to apply, these revisions point to
well-established standards for protecting religious expression. We are
grateful to General Welsh and Chaplain Stendahl for their leadership
in revising this policy, and hope that this new language will better
aid commanders in maintaining the high standard that our Nation has
always had for protecting freedom of religion for our men and women in
uniform.
Background
Info
The
newly revised regulations can be seen below and are also available at the
following link:
http://static.e-publishing.af.mil/production/1/af_cc/publication/afi1-1/afi1-1.pdf
2.11.
Free Exercise of Religion and Religious Accommodation. Every Airman is
free to practice the religion of their choice or subscribe to no
religious belief at all. You should
confidently practice your own beliefs while respecting others whose
viewpoints differ from your own. Every Airman also has the right to
individual expressions of sincerely held beliefs, to AFI1-1 7 AUGUST
2012 19
include conscience,
moral principles or religious beliefs, unless those expressions would
have an adverse impact on military readiness, unit cohesion, good
order, discipline, health and safety,
or
mission
accomplishment.
2.11.1. Your right to practice
your religious beliefs does not excuse you from complying with
directives, instructions and lawful orders; however, you may request
religious
accommodation.
Commanders and supervisors at all levels must fairly consider requests for
religious accommodation. Airmen requesting accommodation will continue
to comply with
directives, instructions and lawful orders from which they are requesting
accommodation unless and until the request is
approved.
2.11.2. If it is
necessary to deny free exercise of religion or an accommodation request,
the decision must be based on the facts presented, must directly
relate to the compelling government interest of military readiness, unit
cohesion, good order, discipline, health
and
safety, or mission accomplishment, and must be
by the least restrictive means necessary to avoid the cited adverse
impact.
2.12. Balance of Free Exercise of Religion and Establishment
Clause. Leaders at all levels must balance constitutional protections for
their own free exercise of religion, including individual expressions of
religious beliefs, and the constitutional prohibition
against
governmental establishment
of religion. They must ensure their words and actions cannot
reasonably be construed to be officially endorsing or disapproving of, or
extending preferential treatment for any faith, belief, or absence of
belief.
I also joined Family Research Council President Tony
Perkins on his Washington Watch radio show to discuss recent
legislative changes he was able to make
leading the Air Force to more clearly reflect the priority of religious
freedom in their regulations.
Please click here to listen to the interview and for more
information about Washington Watch:
http://www.frc.org/get.cfm?c=RADIO
The Military Personnel
Subcommittee of the Armed Services Committee also held an important
hearing on religious freedom in the military.
Witness
List
Mr. Michael Berry
Senior Counsel, Director of
Military Affairs, Liberty Institute
Dr. Ron
Crews
Executive Director, Chaplain Alliance for Religious
Liberty
Mr. Rabbi Bruce Kahn
CAPT, CHC, USN
(Ret)
Mr. Travis Weber
Director, Center for Religious
Liberty Family Research Council
Mr. Michael
Weinstein
President, Military Religious Freedom
Foundation
Please
click
HERE
to watch my
questions
STANDING WITH
ISRAEL
I joined my
Co-Chairs of the Republican Israel Caucus, Leonard Lance of New Jersey and
Peter Roskam of Illinois, in condemning the recent terrorist attack in
Jerusalem. We are appalled to learn that another heinous act of
violence has claimed more innocent lives in Israel.
The nature of
this attack - targeting peaceful, innocent civilians during their
morning prayers - is sickening and an affront to people of all faiths.
We call on the international community to join in our outrage and
immediately condemn this act of terror and vow to bring the
perpetrators to justice.
I also introduced
H.R 5727 to thwart efforts by Palestinian organizations to pressure
different corporations, companies and educational institutions to
boycott, divest, and sanction Israel. Sadly, just yesterday we heard that
some in the European Union are drafting new regulations with a similar
aim. These attacks and the falsehoods being spread about Israel are
harmful to any honest effort to bring peace to the
region.
My bill
will require that any prospective contractors with the U.S. Government
will certify that they are not boycotting a country with which the U.S.
has a free trade agreement. The bill also includes penalties for false
certifications, including the ability to ban companies that breach
its parameters from doing future business with the U.S. Government. Our
government business practices should not play any role in harming our
greatest ally in the Middle
East.
Israel is the only true
democracy in the Middle East, a place where all men and women enjoy freedom
regardless of their faith or ethnicity. In fact Jewish owned factories
and companies in Israel and in Judea and Samaria are among the chief
employers of the Palestinian community. Palestinian workers get equal
pay and equal treatment and enjoy
benefits.
To the Palestinian
leadership, if you are really interested in peace and morality, focus
your efforts on reducing the violent language being spread by your
community leaders and in your schools. Today, these incitements to
violence killed four and injured six innocent men at
prayer.
I was also honored to speak at an event honoring Father Gabriel
Naddaf. He shared with us the importance of standing with Israel, since
that is the only place where Christians are able to peacefully and
safely practice their religion in the Middle East. Please click
HERE
to read a great article in
The Weekly
Standard
discussing the important work being done by Father
Naddaf.
ENERGY
POLICY
After passage of
House legislation approving the Keystone Pipeline,
I released the
following statement:
It is long past time to begin this
project. Tens of thousands of American jobs and the secure
transportation of hundreds of thousands of barrels of oil will be a significant
boost to our economy. I sincerely hope that Senate Democrats will
finally drop their arbitrary objections and allow the Congress to put
strong, bipartisan legislation on President Obamas desk. The President
will be making a major mistake if he does not sign legislation
reflecting the will of the American
people.
I also released the following
statement after the news of a new climate change agreement with
China: "It is economically irresponsible as well as dismissive of the
Congressional treaty process for President Obama to be engaging in one-man
energy diplomacy with Chinese President Xi Jinping. Arbitrary
restrictions on carbon emissions by the U.S. will increase the cost of
electricity generation and will lead to the downsizing of thousands of
American jobs. It makes no sense whatsoever for President Obama to attempt
to mandate crippling new restrictions on American energy, all while
agreeing to ignore over a decade of unlimited Chinese energy production
in the future."
ADDRESSING EPA
OVERREACH
Recently, I joined my
colleagues
on a Congressional Inquiry to the EPA requesting,
"a 90 day comment period extension for the EPA and Army Corps of
Engineers revision to the Clean Water Act definition of "Waters of the
United States" proposed on April 21. 2014. As you are aware, this
proposal would expand federal jurisdiction under the CWA to include manmade
conveyances, ditches, and ephemeral water streams. An expansion of this
magnitude seems to give limitless jurisdiction and would drastically
impact many of our constituents."
I also voted in support of H.R. 4012, the Secret Science Reform
Act of 2014. This bipartisan bill prohibits the EPA from
enacting or proposing regulations without first publishing an independent
review of the science they are using to reach their decisions. If we are
going to have costly environmental regulations, the American people
deserve to at least see the studies and techniques that are being
used.
FIGHTING THE IRANIAN NUCLEAR
PROGRAM
I managed time on
the House Floor to discuss the final week of negotiations between
the P5+1 Member Nations and Iran regarding Iranian nuclear weapons
programs.
Please click
HERE
and
HERE
to watch portions of that Floor
Discussion
Additionally, I supported
House Resolution 754,
Condemning the Government of
Iran for its gross human rights violations .
You can read this
resolution by clicking
HERE .
PUSHING BACK
AGAINST INTERNET TAXES
I
joined House and Senate colleagues in taking part in a press conference
for the #NoNetTax effort to keep our online shopping free from an
internet sales tax. Please click
HERE
to see a video
with more information.
STOPPING SECRET STATE DEPARTMENT
SPACE POLICY NEGOTIATIONS
I have partnered with Senator David Vitter of Louisiana to draw
attention to some troubling developments when it comes to our space and
missile defense
technologies.
We are urging the U.S. State Department to clarify
the Administrations outer space arms control policy, particularly
how it could negatively impact the United States missile defense
capabilities and anti-satellite weapon
purposes.
Any proposal for a space code
of conduct or an outer space arms control treaty should only be
considered by the United States if it clearly improves our national security
and does not limit our own freedom of action in space. I am
particularly concerned by the potential that State Department officials may be
proposing agreements without any consideration for the national
security implications of their proposals. The Administration has seemingly
embraced the European Unions approach to outer space arms, which top
national security officials have said is too restrictive and could put
the U.S. at an unfair national security risk by not protecting the
U.S.s ability to fully develop missile
defenses.
Our
letter highlights the State Department failure to consult with the defense
agencies or relevant key committees. Previously, on Feb. 2, 2011,
Vitter along with 37 U.S. Senators warned former Secretary of State
Hillary Clinton of the European Unions approach and requested their
reasoning for moving towards adopting the more restrictive
approach.
A copy of our letter is
below:
November 12,
2014
Mr. Frank Rose
Deputy Assistant Secretary of State for Space and Defense
Policy
U.S. Department of
State
2201 C Street
NW
Washington, DC
20520
Dear Deputy Assistant Secretary of State
Rose,
We write to ask for your
clarification regarding the Administrations space arms control posture.
Like you, we are deeply concerned by the rising threats of
anti-satellite weapons in the hands of states like the Peoples Republic of
China.
That said, we believe the Administration would do better to
focus on real solutions to these threats, as opposed to more feel good
measures like the European Unions (EU) Code of Conduct for Outer
Space activities or other similar
measures.
We are concerned by proposals for outer
space arms control, including the EU Code of Conduct for Outer Space
activities, which the Administration has embraced.
We see no
advantage to such a Code for the United States; according to assessments
by the uniformed military, implementation of this code would result in
real world operational impacts.
The product of this equation
demands the opposition of the entire United States
government.
With the languishing of
that Code, we fear a new threat to our ability to protect U.S. outer
space capabilities, and, perhaps even to develop our missile defenses.
We seek your understanding of the Administrations position on
space arms control, specifically, the debris-generating kinetic energy
ASAT testing moratorium which, as we have been informed, you proposed
to U.S. allies.
We are unfamiliar with any such proposal having
been coordinated with the Department of Defense or the uniformed
military, and therefore we ask for your answers to the following
questions:
1)
Please indicate the date, and by which
Department official, the State Department Circular 175 request was
signed.
What was the scope of this Circ-175 and has the Department
determined if this moratorium would be submitted to the Senate for its
advice and consent?
2)
If this Circ-175 will not be submitted to the
Senate, on what basis would such an international agreement be negotiated
and to what end?
3)
Please detail the potential implications for United
States space and missile defense activities.
How would such an
agreement protect our ability to fully develop our missile defenses,
including our test and targets
program?
4)
Please further detail how
such agreement will ensure full freedom of action for the United
States to take needed defensive and other action in
space.
5)
Please
provide the Joint Staff assessment of impacts to military operations
you obtained before discussing this moratorium with our
allies.
6)
Please detail the specific allies with which you have discussed this
moratorium and the respective dates of discussion.
Please further
detail which State Department official authorized these
discussions.
We appreciate your prompt responses to these
questions.
HONORING OUR
VETERANS
Thank you to Freedom Alliance, U.S. Bank, and Five
Brothers for the generous gift of a home for local wounded warrior
Patrick McPherson and his
family.
A more deserving individual
could not have been chosen. Patrick joined the Army Reserves in 2001 at
the age of 24. While stationed in Iraq, he traveled with over 150
convoys on the treacherous journey between Kuwait and Baghdad. His three
deployments and combat-related injuries left him permanently disabled
and he was medically retired in
2012.
Please join me in
saying thank you to those three organizations for their incredible
generosity and in welcoming the McPherson family
home!
U.S. Bank Region Manager Erick Kidd, U.S. Bank Regional
President Tom Naughton, Five Brothers CEO Joe Badalamenti, Wounded Warrior
Patrick McPherson, wife Jen, daughter Kia, and Freedom Alliance
President Thomas Kligannon
Interesting Articles and Recommended
Reading
Is
the U.S. Negotiating a Secret Space Arms Control
Agreement?
by the George C. Marshall Institute **Story Features Congressman
Lamborn**
Congress: Military Left Out of Space Arms Control
Talks
by the Washington Free Beacon **Story Features
Congressman Lamborn**
Lawmakers slam VA for lack of
firings, accountability in wait-time scandal
by the Washington
Times **Story Features Congressman Lamborn**
U.S.
not prepared for a major volcanic eruption, panel says
by the
Washington Times **Story Features Congressman
Lamborn**
Green Leap Forward
by the Wall Street
Journal
Social Media
Update
If
you would like to follow me on twitter please find me at
@RepDLamborn
On
my Facebook
this week constituents shared their
concerns about President Obama's policy of using Excecutive Orders to
change immigration policies:
Nicole Butler
-
Is it not
unconstitutional for President Obama to do this?! Why are we not holding
him accountable for breaking the law?
Kathryn Lynn
- Congressman
Lamborn, thank you for what you are doing for us, the people. I agree
with you. Please! DEFUND, DEFUND, DEFUND this LAWLESS
man!!!
Bill
Schleicher
-
The lawlessness in the executive branch has got to
stop.
Fran
Vansyoc
-
Thank you, Mr. Congressman! We do not want amnesty and we
do not want a President allowed to illegally pass legislation! Do not
fund him!
Vicki
Noffsinger
-
Stop him...please. This is wrong in every
way. You have my full support.
Carolyn Abbott
-
Thank you for
standing on principle and fighting for the
citizens.
Chuck Pockat
-
Defund
everything including his lavish vacations. Block his nominations. Cut
him off at the pockets.
Hilary
LaBarre
-
Thank you for supporting us.
We don't want amnesty for those that break our
laws.
Tina
Griffiths
-
Thank you Congressman Lamborn for taking a stand for legal
immigrants and US citizens.
Karen
Phelps
-
Thank you Congressman
Lamborn! Obama's disregard for our constitution and laws is stunning.
Thank you for upholding
them.
CONTACT
INFORMATION
WASHINGTON
OFFICE
2402 Rayburn HOB |
Washington, DC 20515
Phone: (202) 225-4422
Fax: (202) 226-2638
DISTRICT OFFICES 1125
Kelly Johnson Blvd., Suite 330
Colorado Springs, CO
80920
Phone: (719) 520-0055 |
Fax: (719)
520-0840
DISTRICT OFFICES
415
Main Street |
Buena Vista, CO 81211
Phone: (719) 520-0055 |
Fax: (719) 520-0840
Update My Profile
-
Unsubscribe
-
Privacy Policy
gateway mail end 