
Sunday, December 7, 2014
WEBSITE
|
FORWARD TO A FRIEND
| SHARE ON:
Tis the Season for ...
Tax Extenders?
This week, Congress renewed many important tax provisions in time for the upcoming tax season, like continued charitable deductions, business depreciations for major new purchases like a tractor for the family farm or machine upgrades in a manufacturing plant, and the new markets tax credit that has spurred much of the redevelopment in Over-the-Rhine in Cincinnati.
Yes, there are special interest carve outs too, for things like car-racing tracks, electric tricycles, and race horses, but I agree with Grover Norquist and Americans for Tax Reform when they say
the good clearly outweighs the bad here .
Next year, with a Republican Senate, I believe we will be able to make long term reforms that will give businesses and families the certainty they need when it comes to budgeting for taxes. Ultimately, you deserve a tax code that is simpler, fairer, flatter, and more in tune to the 21 st
century economy.
Tell me what YOU think. I've listed every tax provision (all 55), and I want to hear which deductions you would keep.
&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt; TA KE THE TAX EXTENDERS SURVEY HERE &lt;&lt;&lt;&lt;
Featured Cosponsorship
AMMO Act, to limit ammo purchases by Federal agencies
Featured Policy Letter
Letter to HHS Sec. Burwell condemning federally-funded abortions.
Have a bill or letter you would like me to support?
Let me know here .
More Ways to Connect
Facebook
Twitter
YouTube
Travels in Ohio's 2nd District
Before the House returned to session in November, I made several stops around the Second Congressional District visiting local businesses and schools, and meeting with constituents. Here are a few photos from the road:
From the House Floor this Week:
Honoring WWI Veterans
Barring Nazis from receiving Social Security
Helping Americans with Disabilities Save for the Future
Military gets 2015 Marching Orders with 53rd Annual NDAA
Christmas at the Capitol
Tuesday evening, lawmakers, special guests, and spectators gathered at the foot of the Capitol Building for the 2014 Capitol Christmas Tree Lighting Ceremony. This year's tree was hauled to the Capitol on a Kenworth truck made right here in Ohio's Second District!
For more info on this specially-designed truck, check out this article in
The Chillicothe Gazette,
Chillicothe Truck Hauls Christmas to Washington.
A Secretary's Dilemma
Chuck Hagel had a tough job
carrying out this Administrations flawed policies as Secretary of Defense. Its clear there was growing tension between Secretary Hagel and the Administrations directives, direction, and increasing micro-management.
Our troops, and the nation, deserve someone who is able to understand, implement, and freely articulate a comprehensive strategy to combat the serious threats we face, from ISIS to Russia, to threats still on the horizon.
Internship Opportunities
My office is now accepting applications for 2015 Spring Internships. Opportunities include part-time and full-time opportunities in Ohio and Washington DC. While academic credit may be obtained, many students do the internships strictly for the educational experience. Applicants must be enrolled in college or graduate school.
If you know of a student who might be interested in interning in my district offices during the Spring semester, please encourage them to apply.
Click here for additional information and to apply
Fall '14 Intern Selwa Osta
NOTE: Please DO NOT respond to this email as this inbox is unattended. To contact my office please
click here
Connect:
WASHINGTON, D.C. OFFICE
1223 Longworth H.O.B.
Washington, DC 20515
P:
(202) 225-3164
F:
(202) 225-1992
HAMILTON COUNTY OFFICE
7954 Beechmont Ave, Suite 200
Cincinnati, OH 45255
P:
(513) 474-7777
F:
(513) 605-1377
PEEBLES OFFICE
170 North Main St.
Peebles, OH 45660
P:
(513) 605-1380
F:
(937) 798-4024
UNION TOWNSHIP OFFICE
4350 Aicholtz Rd.
Cincinnati, OH 45245
P:
(513) 605-1389
UNSUBSCRIBE
|
PRIVACY POLICY
|
CONTACT US
Click Here Click Here