
November 14, 2014
Conaway Chronicle: Veterans Day, 25th Anniversary of the Falling of the Berlin Wall, Constituent Outreach in Mason
__________________________________________
Thank you for reading The Conaway Chronicle, a review of my activities in Congress and the 11th District.
Veterans Day:
On Veterans Day, we honored our veterans and remembered what they have accomplished, and what they have contributed to our country goes well beyond their actions on the field of battle. Our veterans have served our country, and after they left the military they went to work on the rigs and ranches. They started businesses. They taught our children in school. They joined our police forces to preserve the peace. They taught their children about integrity and the honor of an honest day's work. These veterans are all around us. They are not bragging about their service to our country. They are quietly going on with their lives and doing their part to make sure that West Texas and America will continue to be the greatest place on Gods green Earth.
Bill McClellan is in this photograph, which was taken in Sterling City, Texas, on his 90th birthday. He fought in the Battle of Iwo Jima, one of the fiercest and bloodiest battles of WWII.
Runnels County Veterans Day Ceremony
Rowena VFW Post hosted the Runnels County Veterans Day Ceremony on the grounds of the Runnels County Courthouse. The main speaker was Rev. Hubert Wade, who is a Vietnam combat veteran and military chaplain. A lot of people came out on a cold West Texas morning to honor our veterans.
It was my honor to participate in this event.
Millersview Veterans Day Ceremony:
The Concho County town of Millersview has been holding a Veterans Day ceremony for 95 years.
I was honored to participate in this year's event.
This town of less than one hundred people welcomes several hundred visitors each veterans day.
People come from all around to be involved with the Millersview Veterans Day celebration.
In the photograph on the left, Beth Grounds leads the program.
She has
been organizing this ceremony for many years.
Veterans Day Celebration at the First Baptist Church of Odessa:
The First Baptist Church in Odessa had a wonderful Veterans Day event. I was honored to be the keynote speaker.
The event also included WWII veteran and Midland educator Clint Adams playing the bag pipes and a performance by the Victory Belles.
Talking With Elementary Students in Graford About Veterans Day:
On Nov. 10th I spoke with the students at Graford Elementary School about Veterans Day. While honoring our veterans, please take the time to make sure that your children and grandchildren understand the importance of Veterans Day. It is our responsibility to make sure that our children have reverence and respect for the men and women who have defended their freedom.
Cisco College:
Cisco College is one of the many exceptional institutions of higher education in the 11th District of Texas. I met with President Bobby Smith, faculty, and students on Monday.
Mineral Wells Chamber of Commerce Quarterly Meeting:
The Mineral Wells Chamber of Commerce is doing great work. I joined them for their Quarterly Business luncheon on Monday. A couple of great ladies, Mary Creighton and Dianne Helms, were among those at the meeting. Both ladies make enormous contributions to the Mineral Wells community. Dianne, who is on the right, and I both graduated from Hood Elementary school in Odessa.
Interview at KXYL in Brownwood:
Brian Wade with News/Talk 102.3 KXYL and I spoke on Tuesday morning. We have outstanding radio stations and newspapers in the 11th District. They take their responsibility of keeping the public informed very seriously. Their questions are tough, but always fair.
25th Anniversary of the Tearing Down of Berlin Wall:
Nov. 9th marked the 25th anniversary of the tearing down of the Berlin Wall. Today, we are engaged in another fight against evil men who seek to restrict freedom and impose their will on others. This anniversary reminds us that although the fight against Islamic jihadists will be a long fight, it is one that we can and must win. The men and women who tore down that wall were affirming that the rights that our Creator endowed us with are stronger than the evil of petty tyrants. In the years ahead, we must remain firm in the conviction that we are on the side of the angels.
EPA Officials Overstepping Their Authority:
The U.S. Environmental Protection Agency is receiving the message that their proposed revision to the Clean Water Act definition of Waters of the United States oversteps their authority. This proposal would expand federal jurisdiction to include man-made conveyances, ditches, and ephemeral water streams. An expansion of this magnitude would give the EPA limitless jurisdiction and would drastically impact farmers, ranchers, and other hardworking Texans. Several of my colleagues and I are making sure that EPA gets this message. We will not tolerate a rule that is a power grab and threatens the livelihoods of the people we represent and the overall health of the U.S. economy.
Keystone Pipeline
I voted for a bill this week that would authorize construction of the Keystone XL Pipeline.
This project would create more than 42,000 jobs and reduce American dependency on countries that hate us.
The Senate is also scheduled to finally take up this bill.
It is a shame, that it took a runoff in the Louisiana Senate race to get Majority Leader Harry Reid to bring up a bill authorizing construction of the pipeline.
He should be acting because this is in the best interest of the country, not because it is in the best interest of the Democratic Party.
The House has passed several similar bills authorizing the pipeline that Majority Leader Reid has refused to act on.
Constituent Outreach:
Eleventh District regional director Nancy Watson will be holding a congressional outreach
in Mason on Nov. 19th, from 10:00 a.m.
11:00 a.m.
She will be in the County Commissioners Court Room at the Mason County Courthouse, 201 Fort McKavitt, Mason, TX. She held an outreach session in San Saba on Nov. 12th.
If you are having problems with a federal program like Medicare or veterans benefits, this is a great opportunity to have the problem addressed. Please bring the necessary information when you go to meet Nancy. If you are unable to make it, but have a problem that needs to be addressed, click
here
to get the phone number for Nancy or the regional director in the office closest to you.
As always, you can follow me on
Facebook ,
YouTube , and
Twitter .
Sincerely,
Rep. Mike Conaway, 11th District
Click Here
to view this email in your browser
Click Here
to be removed from this list