
If you are having trouble viewing this message or would like to share
it on a social network, you can
view the message online .
HOME
ABOUT
SERVING
YOU
WHERE I STAND
MEDIA CENTER
CONTACT ME
November 18, 2014
Dear Friends,
On November 19 th , a bust
commemorating Vaclav Havel will be unveiled in the United States Capitols
Statuary Hall, a fitting memorial for this tireless advocate for
liberty, human rights, and self-determination for the people of
Czechoslovakia and all oppressed peoples around the world, including the Cuban
people. It was with great sorrow that I learned of Vaclav Havels death in
late 2011. The following year, I authored a resolution in Congress to
commemorate his life and tremendous efforts to combat tyranny
throughout the world.
As a political refugee of the Castro regime,
I have always been particularly moved by Vaclav Havels efforts to
aid the Cuban people. Mr. Havel said that Cuba held a special position
among totalitarian countries because the Castro regime so closely
resembled that which he fought against in Czechoslovakia. He was
especially aware of the methods and particular dishonest mechanisms which
the Castro regime uses to mistreat and oppress the Cuban people, while
attempting to deceive the outside world, because he experienced similar
tactics in his own country. Mr. Havel believed international
attention to combat the propaganda coming from Castros tyranny was critical
to stand in solidarity with the Cuban people who were fighting for a
free and democratic society. He created the International Committee for
Democracy in Cuba to raise the visibility of the Cuban peoples plight
and to generate global support for freedom and democracy on the
island.
In 1989, Mr. Havel became the first democratically
elected president of Czechoslovakia after fearlessly campaigning against
Communist oppression there, and played a key role in the Velvet
Revolution, removing communism through peaceful means and paving the way for
the establishment of an independent and democratic Czech Republic. A
playwright turned political dissident, Vaclav Havel was imprisoned on
multiple occasions for his peaceful democratic activism. He remained
courageous in the face of such persecution, writing numerous essays on
democracy, contributing the intellectual foundation, and raising the
international profile of democratic movements throughout Eastern Europe
and in countries as diverse as Cuba, Burma, China, Iran, and
Belarus.
In 2003, Vaclav Havel received the Presidential Medal of
Freedom from President George W. Bush and I am very pleased that a bust
honoring Mr. Havels legacy will be enshrined in the United States
Capitol alongside other champions of freedom, democracy and human rights
like Abraham Lincoln, Rosa Parks, and Winston Churchill. I am confident
that his memory will continue to inspire the spread of democratic
reforms around the world so that one day all people can expect to be
served by their government rather than worry about being silenced by
it.
Sincerely,
Ileana Ros-Lehtinen
Member of
Congress
Don't forget to follow me on Twitter
@RosLehtinen . I send out live updates and links to recent
videos!
E-mail Updates
Yes, please periodically
send me e-mail updates.*
*By subscribing to my
e-mail updates, you are authorizing me
to send regular e-mail updates from my office to your e-mail
account.
Tell a Friend
E-mail:
E-mail:
E-mail:
Washington, DC Office
2206
Rayburn HOB |
Washington, DC 20515
Phone: (202) 225-3931 |
Fax: (202)
225-5620
Miami Office (Main)
4960 SW 72 Ave, Suite 208 |
Miami, FL
33155
Phone: (305) 668-2285 |
Fax: (305)
668-5970
Unsubscribe
|
Update My
Profile
|
Privacy Policy
