
Friday, December 5, 2014
WEBSITE
|
FORWARD TO A FRIEND
| SHARE ON:
Foxx Report
This week the House passed legislation to extend a number of individual and business tax breaks that expired on December 31, 2013. This legislation would reinstate the provisions retroactively and extend them through the end of 2014.
As a former small business owner, I recognize the tremendous cost that federal policy can have on American businesses and believe the temporary extension of many of these tax breaks is necessary. However, I have been a consistent and vocal supporter of simplifying the tax code and decreasing the tax burden of hardworking Americans.
As we move forward with comprehensive tax reform in the 114 th
Congress, it is important we enact policies that strengthen and stabilize our economy as well as give individuals and businesses long-term certainty.
ABLE Act
The House
overwhelmingly passed
H.R. 647, also known as the Achieving a Better Life Experience Act or ABLE Act, by a vote of 404 to 17 on Wednesday. This bipartisan legislation would allow families of a severely disabled child to save for their child's long-term disability expenses in the same way that many families currently save for college through popular 529 investment plans.
Individuals with disabilities often face enormous financial struggles. The ABLE Act will positively impact millions of American families with a severely disabled child and help provide those families with peace of mind about the future. By allowing disabled individuals to save money without jeopardizing their benefits, the ABLE Act also encourages personal responsibility instead of increasing dependency on the government.
National Defense Authorization Act
On Thursday I voted in favor of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2015, which authorizes funding for Americas military and defense initiatives. This years bill authorizes $521.3 billion in discretionary spending for national defense, which includes funding for the pay and benefits of the nations troops and their families. Additionally it authorizes $63.7 billion for overseas contingency operations.
Providing for the common defense of the United States of America is the federal governments primary responsibility. This bill maintains the nations defense readiness and ensures the continued success of our military men and woman by providing them with the best equipment, skills development and compensation.
Israel
On Wednesday
I spoke on the House floor
about the special friendship between the United States and Israel. Americas national security interests are directly tied to developments in the Middle East and specifically to Israels own security. Strategic cooperation between the U.S. and Israel is vital to the well-being of both countries.
The simple truth is that throughout history, Israel has made numerous concessions in the pursuit of peace while seeking only the right to exist. The country is a beacon of democracy in a sea of violence and hostility, and its ability to function and defend itself against terrorism is in no small part due to support from the United States.
Executive Amnesty Prevention Act
On Thursday the House approved legislation designed to hold President Obama accountable for significantly overstepping the bounds of his Constitutionally-granted executive authority when he took steps to grant amnesty to millions of immigrants illegally in the United States.
H.R. 5759, the Preventing Executive Overreach on Immigration Act, would prohibit the executive branch from exempting from removal or deferring removal of aliens who are unlawfully present in the United States. The bill also would prevent the executive branch from treating such aliens as if they were lawfully present or had a lawful immigration status, or granting them work authorization.
It is absolutely critical that we go on record against the presidents unparalleled power grab. As they say in North Carolina, President Obama has gone to meddling, and Congress must do everything it can to stop his destructive actions.
Whats Coming Up
Next week the House is expected to consider legislation to fund the federal government.
Sincerely,
NOTE: Please DO NOT respond to this email as this inbox is unattended. To contact my office please
click here
SIGN UP TO RECEIVE REGULAR UPDATES
|
PRIVACY POLICY
|
CONTACT US
Click Here Click Here