
You&#39;ve gotten a lot of emails from me over the last four years. We&#39;ve been through highs and lows together.
Friend -- You&#39;ve gotten a lot of emails from me over the last four years. We&#39;ve been through highs and lows together.
I won&rsquo;t dance around it: We wanted to win last night. I know you did, too. There will be time for us to regroup and focus on the next fight -- reclaiming the majority in 2016.
But today, I want to tell you how incredibly proud I am of you -- our grassroots supporters.
1.
I&rsquo;m proud that we ran a campaign funded by grassroots supporters like you.
You were the life force behind our campaigns. Even when we thought you couldn&rsquo;t do any more, you continued to step up.
Regular folks who donated less than $200 contributed nearly $46 million to support our cause and elect Democrats -- almost twice as much as on the Republican side. We truly are the party of grassroots participation.
Democrats should hold their heads high today -- you stood up for our values, you powered strong campaigns, and you did it the right way.
2.
I&rsquo;m proud because together, we changed the face of the electorate.
We spent months contacting some of the most disenfranchised communities in America -- and mobilizing them to vote.
An army of 68,607 volunteers registered countless first-time voters who have never before had their voice heard or their votes counted.
We knocked on 10.2 million doors and made well over 20 million phone calls to ensure that every Democrat could get to the polls.
And we fought Republican attempts to disenfranchise voters across the country with extreme voter restriction laws.
Thank you for helping us register and mobilize a record number of Democrats from every corner of the country -- the impact will be felt for decades to come.
3.
I&rsquo;m proud because you fought for what&rsquo;s right, and you never gave up.
You fought for equal rights. You fought for economic opportunity. You fought for health care for all. You fought for education. You fought for veterans. And yes, you fought for women&rsquo;s health and rights.
You fought for all the things that make us proud to be Democrats.
And let&rsquo;s remember that in Senate races in New Hampshire, in Michigan, in Oregon, and across the nation, we elected leaders who will fight tooth and nail for those values. And we&rsquo;ll work to elect another one -- Mary Landrieu in Louisiana -- over the next month.
Thank you for using the power of your vote and your voice to fight for what&rsquo;s right.
You refused to say our country cannot be changed. Instead, you did what you could to change our country. That&rsquo;s something to be proud of.
Thank you,
Guy Cecil
DSCC Executive Director
Democratic Senatorial Campaign Committee
P.O. Box 96047
Washington, DC 20090
Paid for by the Democratic Senatorial Campaign Committee, dscc.org,
and not authorized by any candidate or candidate&#39;s committee.
The DSCC is the only organization solely dedicated to supporting Democrats in the U.S. Senate. This message was sent to dj724530@gmail.com because you are a part of the DSCC&rsquo;s grassroots network. Please add us to your address book or approved senders list to sure you keep receiving DSCC updates.
We greatly appreciate your continued support. If you&rsquo;d like to stop receiving all emails from the DSCC, please
unsubscribe . But if you&#39;d like to make a contribution to support us, please
click here .
Contributions or gifts to the DSCC are not tax deductible.
