 Mail begin
If you are having trouble
viewing this message or would like to share it on a social network, you
can
view the message
online .
October 31, 2014 |
Unsubscribe
|
Update My
Profile
Celebrating 125 Years of South
Dakota
VIDEO:
Watch Senator Thune pay tribute to South Dakota's
125th anniversary on the Senate floor by passing a resolution he
introduced along with Senator Johnson honoring the state's 125-year
history.
Sunday,
November 2, 2014, marks a historic milestone in South Dakotas rich
history, the 125th anniversary of its admission into the Union. On that day
in 1889, the Dakota Territory was divided, simultaneously creating
South and North Dakota. We kind-heartedly debate which was first to be
admitted, but historians offer that President Benjamin Harrison shuffled
the Act of Admission papers for the states to ensure that no one knew
which state entered the Union
first.
Regardless, we have much for which we should be proud. Since
1889, millions of Americans and international visitors have enjoyed the
beauty of our great plains, crossed the rolling hills of the Missouri
River, and marveled at the ruggedness of the Badlands. Others have
joined in the thrill of an autumn pheasant hunt, curiously visited the
Mitchell Corn Palace or Wall Drug, or have reveled in the beauty of the
historic Black Hills, Mount Rushmore, and Crazy Horse
Memorial.
To us, though, South Dakota is
home, and in addition to the wondrous beauty God blessed upon the state,
we are fortunate to live in welcoming communities, many of which were
built by those who came here to make a better life for themselves. My
grandfather immigrated to America from Norway in 1906 and was drawn to
the freedom and opportunity that the young state of South Dakota
offered. He started a small hardware store, exhibiting the entrepreneurial
spirit that still resonates today on our main streets and fields
throughout the state.
While
many immigrated to South Dakota, we also celebrate the culture and
traditions of our nine Native American tribes. The rich history of the
Lakota, Dakota, and Nakota are woven into the fabric of South Dakota
and are a significant part of what makes South Dakota such a unique and
special place.
South Dakotas
dynamic and resourceful workforce has made our state the number one
place in the country to do business, and our proud agricultural
tradition helps feed the nation and the world. Yet it is South Dakotas
people, past and present, that are by far our greatest commodity. South
Dakotas 125-year history has been paved by the humble, generous, and
hard-working men and women who lend a helpful hand to their neighbors and
communities to build a better life for the next
generation.
From small towns such as Murdo, where
I grew up, to cities such as Sioux Falls, where I now live, and all
points in between, there is no mistaking the genuine character of South
Dakotans. We gather under the lights of Friday night games, at rodeos,
local parades, powwows, and church gatherings for comradery and
fellowship that provide support during good times and bad. South Dakotans
are the people who selflessly lend a hand after a storm sweeps through
the plains or help friends through a deployment. South Dakotans uphold
the highest ideals of
community.
As communities throughout the state continue celebrating
this important milestone, I was proud to join Senator Tim Johnson in
passing a resolution in the Senate on September 18, 2014, celebrating the
125th anniversary of statehood. As we look to the next generation to
continue improving our communities and strengthening our states
resolve, I offer my prayers that God will continue to bless our great
state.
Thune Interactive Map Highlights South Dakotas 125-Year
History
While many South Dakotans continue to attend events and
celebrations around the state to mark the 125th anniversary of statehood, I
want to ensure that all South Dakotans can enjoy our states rich
history. The
interactive map
found
on my website displays dozens of old maps and photos from towns and
cities across the state in honor of South Dakotas 125th anniversary of
statehood. The interactive map uses images digitally archived at the
Library of Congress and displayed on my website to share some of South
Dakotas 125-year history and
beyond.
The map highlights historic images that provide a unique vantage
point into South Dakotas past. I encourage everyone from students to
seniors to take part in this interactive tribute to South Dakotas
history.
I encourage
South Dakotans to visit the
site
to view the old maps and photographs from their town, city, or
surrounding area. Individuals who would like to contribute images or maps to
the South Dakota Archives can do so by mailing their images to 900
Governors Drive, Pierre, SD
57501.
E-MAIL
UPDATES
Yes, please
periodically send me e-mail updates.* Click Here
*By subscribing to my
e-mail updates, you are
authorizing me to send regular e-mail updates from my office to your
e-mail account.
PLEASE FEEL FREE TO TELL A
FRIEND
E-mail:
E-mail:
E-mail:
Washington Office
Senator John Thune |
511 Dirksen Senate Office Building |
Washington, DC 20510
Phone: (202) 224-2321 |
Fax: (202)
228-5429 |
Toll-Free:
1-866-850-3855
Sioux Falls
320
North Main Avenue,
Suite B
Sioux Falls, SD 57104
Phone: (605) 334-9596
Rapid City
1313 West Main Street
Rapid City, SD 57701
Phone: (605) 348-7551
Aberdeen
320 South 1st Street,
Suite 101
Aberdeen, SD
57401
Phone: (605) 225-8823
Click Here to Reply
or to Contact Senator John Thune
Unsubscribe
|
Update My
Profile
|
Privacy Policy
gateway
mail end 