DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.0 Transitional//EN" "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml1/DTD/xhtml1-transitional.dtd"
November 11, 2014
Visit My Website
|
Forward to a Friend
| Find me on:
Happy Veterans Day
Today is when we actively celebrate the men and women who served in the United States military.
We should always honor their courage and reflect on their sacrifices, but this special day is when we reach out a hand to thank our veterans for their service.
Thank you for your service to our country and Happy Veterans Day.
2014 Veterans Fair
Many veterans in the 24th District are unaware of the many different organizations available to assist them.
In an effort to help our local veterans, I have been hosting an annual Veterans Fair to help expose them to benefits, services, and programs that can greatly improve their lives.
The 2014 Veterans Fair was an incredible success with over 600 visitors attending.
More than 20 organizations committed to assisting veterans were at the fair sharing their beneficial information.
Many thanks to all of these organizations that made this event a success.
Presenting Military Decorations at the Fair
I had the incredible honor of presenting long-overdue military decorations to three veterans who had earned the awards but never received the medals.
To date, my office has successfully assisted 167 veterans in retrieving their military decorations.
Ernest Dorsey
Navy | WWII
Resident of Bedford, TX
Edwin Bynum
Army | WWII
Decorations accepted by his son, Euless Councilman Perry Bynum
Claude Thomas
Navy | WWII
Decorations accepted by his son, Charles Thomas of Grapevine
Expanding the Wall of Honor
We nearly doubled the size of the Wall of Honor at the event.
Veterans of every era in the 24th District were welcomed to sign-up and be recognized.
The program is ongoing, and I welcome any other veterans to contact my office and have their names added to the wall.
If you are a veteran who was unable to make the event, my office is always available to assist you.
For assistance with the veterans issues, please contact my district office at (972) 556-0162.
Click the "Like" button and follow me on Facebook to get daily updates on how I am serving you and the 24th District of Texas.
It is an honor to represent you in Washington and I value your input. Please don't hesitate to contact one of my offices or
send me an email .
UPDATE SUBSCRIPTION OPTIONS
|
PRIVACY POLICY
|
CONTACT US
