DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.0 Transitional//EN" "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml1/DTD/xhtml1-transitional.dtd"
If you are having trouble reading this email,
please view the web version .
Health Subcommittee Looks at Ebola Treatments
The Ebola epidemic is killing thousands in Africa and has the potential to spread to other nations. At our Health Subcommittee hearing this week, we found out that there is a lot of energy behind medical products to diagnose, prevent and treat the disease. A witness from the Biomedical Advanced Research and Development Authority told me that 152 companies had reached out to the agency to discuss products. While we need to make sure these products work safely and correctly, we also want to make sure that government agencies are being helpful. We shouldnt have bureaucratic barriers to cures that could save lives. To view my opening statement and questions for witnesses,
CLICK HERE .
Letter Asks Tough Questions About Grant for Obamacare Architect
This week, I joined my colleague Rep. Andy Harris (R-MD) on a letter to the Director of the National Institutes of Health asking tough questions about a $2 million grant for Jonathan Gruber. Gruber is the Obamacare architect who was caught talking about the stupidity of the American voter and a lack of transparency aided in passing the law. The Vermont and North Carolina state governments have just cancelled grants they had with Gruber. To view my comments about the letter on the House floor,
CLICK HERE . To read the letter
CLICK HERE .
President Goes Around Congress Again on Immigration
The President said repeatedly in the last few years that he was not a king. However, this week he took action outside the laws Congress has set to govern immigration policy. This isnt just going around Congress, its going around the American people, who just spoke in the 2014 elections. This isnt a long-term solution and it puts up a substantial barrier to getting such an agreement during the Presidents remaining years in office. Read more about my thoughts on the immigration order and other ways the President has gone around Congress in this weeks
OP-ED .
Keystone XL Bill Loses in Senate
Democratic Senator Mary Landrieu (LA) fell one vote short in her attempt to pass a bill forcing the President to approve the Keystone XL pipeline. This pipeline, which would go through various states in the Plains, has waited more than four years for approval now. With Republicans taking over the Senate and support from a number of Democrats, it is likely that this bill will pass early next year. It is uncertain whether the President would veto the legislation.
Op-ed of the Week: Outside the Law
Does Congress have a shot clock? Is there a set amount of time wherein Congress has to act before the President gets to do what he wants? It certainly isnt in the Constitution, but that is the argument the President is making on his immigration policy.
READ MORE
Facebook
Podcast
Tell Joe Your Opinion
Issues
The 16th District
Ask Joe For Help
The Government
Legislation
Press
About Joe Pitts
Photo Gallery
Please feel free to
forward this email to your friends and family .
Recent Videos
Obamacare and the "Stupidity" of the American Voter
Rep. Pitts highlights remarks from an Obamacare architect who bragged about the law's lack of transparency.
Stopping Illicit Steroids
Rep. Pitts discusses his bill to prevent designer anabolic steroids from being sold on the market as supplements.
Washington, D.C. Office
420 Cannon House Office Building
Washington, DC 20515
(1st Street and Independence Avenue)
202-225-2411
202-225-2013 (fax)
Chester County Office
Post Office Box 837
Unionville, PA 19375
(Routes 82 and 926)
610-444-4581
610-444-5750 (fax)
Lancaster Office
150 North Queen Street
Suite 716 (7th floor)
Lancaster, PA 17603
717-393-0667
717-393-0924 (fax)
Click Here Click Here