
For Immediate Release
Contact: Lale Morrison
November 12, 2014
(202) 225-1313
November 2014
The Hastings Monthly Report
Thanksgiving Message
Thanksgiving gives us a chance to spend time with our family and friends, as well as to reflect on all that we have to be thankful for. In the midst of this holiday season and as the end of the year approaches, it is important to keep in perspective our accomplishments, while remaining steadfast in our determination to take on the challenges that we still face.
Too often, progress is overshadowed by politics. But our efforts make a real difference in peoples daily lives all across our nation. Because of health care reform, 10 million people who did not have health insurance this time last year now receive the vital coverage that they need and deserve. Furthermore, our economic recovery continues, with the unemployment rate falling below 6 percent for the first time since before the financial crisis. And, more and more states
now 32 in total
have embraced marriage equality.
However, as a nation, our work is far from over. As we continue working to create jobs, make education more affordable and accessible, and protect the rights of the most vulnerable in our society, let us be thankful for our blessings and remember those who are less fortunate. I wish you and your loved ones a safe and Happy Thanksgiving.
American Diabetes Awareness Month
Each year we recognize November as American Diabetes Month in an effort to raise public awareness of the disease and increase both prevention and control efforts.
Diabetes is a growing epidemic with devastating physical and emotional consequences on our country. Every 17 seconds, another person in the United States is diagnosed with diabetes. Furthermore, it kills more Americans each year than AIDS and breast cancer combined.
American Diabetes Month seeks to inspire people to live a more active and healthier lifestyle, empowering all Americans to take control of their health. I stand committed to working with my colleagues in Congress to support programs and other initiatives that help prevent diabetes, as well as provide individuals living with diabetes with access to the health care services they need.
Reuniting Haitian Families
For countless people throughout the world, the United States remains a shining beacon of opportunity and an enduring symbol of hope.
And each year, some Haitians risk their lives at sea
often at the mercy of smugglers
in order to reach our shores.
Tragically, many do not make it.
Still others have navigated the increasingly tighter U.S. immigration process and succeeded with the help of their family members who are already living here.
However, due to annual caps, more than 100,000 Haitians with approved family-based petitions remain on waiting lists of up to more than 12 years in Haiti.
In addition, the number of Haitian refugees seeking a better life in America skyrocketed after the catastrophic 7.0 earthquake of January 12, 2010 completely devastated the island, killing over 200,000 Haitians.
More than four years later, approximately 150,000 Haitians still live in appalling conditions.
Many have no water, electricity, or hope that their government will help them.
On May 30, 2014, I was proud to send along with Rep. Mario Diaz-Balart and 61 other Members of Congress a letter to President Obama urging him to direct the Department of Homeland Security (DHS) to create a Haitian Family Reunification Parole Program (HFRPP), which will not only reunite families, but help grow Haitis economy in the form of remittance payments and promote safe and legal migration from Haiti to the United States.
Recently, DHS announced that it will implement an HFRPP beginning in early 2015.
Under the Program, certain Haitian individuals will be permitted to come to the United States up to two years before their immigrant visa priority dates become current.
I applaud the Administrations action on this critical matter, and sincerely hope that the Program will be expanded so that all Haitians with approved petitions may join their families in the United States as soon as possible.
Congressman Alcee L. Hastings serves as Senior Member of the House Rules Committee, Ranking Democratic Member of the U.S. Helsinki Commission, and Co-Chairman of the Florida Delegation
###
NOTE: Please DO NOT respond to this email as this inbox is unattended. To contact my office please
click here
UNSUBSCRIBE
|
PRIVACY POLICY
|
CONTACT US
Click Here Click Here