
If you are having trouble viewing this message or would
like to share it on a social network, you can
view the message online .
Home
About
District
Constituent
Services
Issues
Press Office
Contact
November 21, 2014
Dear Friends,
As I'm sure
you have heard, President Obama last night announced his plans to take
action on immigration. I'd like to share with you my thoughts on his
actions and why this policy is wrong for our nation.
The
president's decision to unilaterally grant amnesty to millions of people
who have entered our country illegally is unconstitutional and wrong.
These actions by executive order intrude on the constitutional role
and responsibility of Congress to write, debate and pass laws. Even
President Obama said as recently as last year that he lacked the
constitutional authority to take this action unilaterally.
The
American people sent a message earlier this month that they expect their
leaders to work together and find common ground to move our country
forward. But less than three weeks after the president committed to
work with Congress and its newly elected members to find bipartisan
solutions to the problems facing our country, he has decided to short
circuit the legislative process before new members are even sworn
in. I am deeply disappointed that the president feels fit to ignore the
voice of the people and to circumvent Congress.
President
Obamas actions on immigration are wrong. I remain firmly opposed to
amnesty
those who came to this country illegally should not be
rewarded with skip-the-line passes to stay in America. Our nations laws and
Constitution must be honored, respected and upheld. I will continue to
fight back against this presidential power grab and any efforts to
extend amnesty.
IRAN'S NUCLEAR
PROGRAM
On Friday, I joined my fellow Republican senators-elect in
urging President Obama to eliminate Irans nuclear program as part of
any long-term deal with Iran.
Our statement comes as
international leaders
including U.S. Secretary of State John Kerry
gather in Vienna for talks on Irans nuclear program. The deadline for the
talks is Monday.
One year ago, the Obama administration
bypassed Congress and brokered a dangerous and ill-advised deal with
Iran over their nuclear program. Today, as senators-elect and members of
the new majority party, we respectfully urge President Obama to ensure
any long-term deal with Iran effectively eliminates their nuclear
program and all future nuclear capabilities. At a minimum, Iran must
allow for the comprehensive inspection of suspected nuclear
development sites and comply with the United Nations previously enacted
limitations on their nuclear program.
Given Irans history,
and the fact that it continues to be the worlds largest state-sponsor
of terrorism, we fear Iran is not negotiating in good faith. The United
States has already rolled back $14 billion in sanctions, and it seems
we have little to show in return. If the Obama administration reaches
a deal that we deem unacceptable, we will join our colleagues in the
Senate to act to keep America safe.
The other Republican
senators-elect are Tom Cotton (R-Ark.), Steve Daines (R-Mont.), Joni
Ernst (R-Iowa), Cory Gardner (R-Colo.), James Lankford (R-Okla.), David
Perdue (R-Ga.), Mike Rounds (R-S.D.), Ben Sasse (R-Neb.), Dan Sullivan
(R-Alaska) and Thom Tillis (R-N.C.).
ACADEMY
NOMINATIONS
On Monday, I reviewed
applications of high school students seeking nominations to our nations
service academies with Kali Vernon, my constituent services
representative. Its a privilege to be able to recommend West Virginias best to
attend these institutions and serve in our nations armed
forces.
This
will be my last newsletter for the year. I'd like to wish you a very
happy Thanksgiving and thank you for taking the time to read my
newsletter each week. As always, you can join in the conversation on
Facebook
and
Twitter .
Sincerely,
Shelley
Moore
Capito
Washington, D.C. Office
2366 Rayburn H.O.B.
Washington, D.C. 20515
Phone:
(202) 225-2711
Fax: (202) 225-7856
Charleston
Offic e
4815 MacCorkle Ave. SE
Charleston, WV 25304
Phone: (304)
925-5964
Fax: (304) 926-8912
Martinsburg Office
300 Foxcroft Ave. Suite
102
Martinsburg, WV 25401
Phone: (304) 264-8810
Fax: (304)
264-8815
Unsubscribe
|
Update My Profile
|
Privacy Policy
