
NOTE: Please DO NOT respond to this email as this inbox is unattended. To contact my office please
click here
ABOUT
SERVICES
ISSUES &amp; LEGISLATION
MEDIA CENTER
RESOURCES
CONTACT
ESPAOL
For Immediate Release
Contact: Nelly Decker
Friday, November 21, 2014
202-225-9897
Rep. Veasey Re-lives High School Job During Thanksgiving Rush
Veasey will work side-by-side with Kroger employees to lend a hand during a busy holiday season as part of his Marc Means Business initiative
Irving, TX
On Monday, November 24, 2014, Congressman Marc Veasey, TX-33, will join the staff of the Kroger Supermarket in Irving, where he will work a job similar to the one that he held in high school.
As part of his Marc Means Business initiative, Congressman Veasey spends a few hours each month at small and large businesses to better understand the challenges that constituents face in their jobs and daily lives. This month, Veasey will take a trip down memory lane by bagging groceries for customers, stocking produce, and putting his artistic skills to the test by decorating a birthday cake in the bakery department.
Long before he was elected to Congress, Veasey worked as a grocery bagger at a Kroger supermarket as a teenager. Veasey continues to make well-paying jobs and job creation a priority as he works at various industries under his initiative.
As we near the holiday season, it is important to be grateful for our blessings. I proudly represent the 33 rd
District of Texas, but I wouldnt be where I am today if not for the jobs I had and the lessons I learned when I was younger, said Veasey. I look forward to spending the day with the employees of Kroger and being able to give back to a community that has trusted me to represent them in Washington, D.C.
WHAT:
U.S. Congressman Marc Veasey, TX-33, works at the Kroger Supermarket in Irving
WHEN:
Monday, November 24, 2014
TIME:
2:00 PM
6:00 PM CDT
WHERE:
Kroger Supermarket
515 S. MacArthur Blvd.
Irving, TX 75060
MEDIA:
This is event is open to pre-registered members of the press. Media
RSVP
required. For general information for the media and to request press credentials, please email
nelly.decker@mail.house.gov
or call 202-225-9897.
Are you a member of the press and interested in covering the event?
Inquire here
about attending or scheduling an interview with Congressman Marc Veasey .
NOTE: Please DO NOT respond to this email as this inbox is unattended. To contact my office please
click here
UNSUBSCRIBE
|
PRIVACY POLICY
|
CONTACT US
Click Here Click Here