.
Asking Secret Service Panel to Retain Public Access
On Friday, I released my letter to
the new White House Security Review Panel to alert them of their obligation to avoid sealing off the White House from public access.
Following the fence-jumpers and the internal Secret Service problems, it is too easy to blame the public instead of looking to common-sense solutions like a higher fence and keeping trained security dogs accessible.
General Services Administration Moves Closer to Consolidating Department of Homeland Security at St. Elizabeths
The General Services Administration (GSA) and the D.C. government have entered into formal negotiations
to exchange federal land at 49 L Street SE for construction services to be performed by the District of Columbia adjacent to St. Elizabeths campus on Martin Luther King Avenue SE.
The District plans to restripe roads, construct sidewalks and crosswalks, and expand the roadway.
Once this is completed, the District would own 49 L Street SE in fee simple with full rights and ownership over the property, taking us one step closer to a new Department of Homeland Security, as well as consolidation, while providing jobs both to renovate 49 L Street and at the DHS site.
Suggestions for Ebola Preparedness, Following Responses from District Hospitals
After I sent a letter to District hospitals seeking answers about their level of readiness if an Ebola patient walked in, I received detailed responses from each of the hospitals, which show good preparedness efforts by the D.C. Department of Health and our D.C. hospitals.
The purpose of my inquiry was to see if more was required from the federal government.
I released several recommendations
based on the information from the hospitals, particularly preparing clinics, not just full-service hospitals.
Protecting D.C. from a State Department Land Grab at Walter Reed
Despite lengthy negotiations for the 67 acres at Walter Reed Army Hospital by the District of Columbia, the Department of State (DOS) tried to snatch a portion of D.C.s land.
Moreover, while D.C. must pay for its land, the State Department wants to get its portion for free or at a nominal cost.
Federal agencies, too, must pay according to the rules.
The District is nearly finished with its negotiations, but the land that the State Department wants could go to the Childrens National Hospital because of the state-of-the-art lab space on that land that Childrens can use.
The State Department wants the land, but would destroy the lab and cost the federal government millions.
This is a fight worth making and we are succeeding.
Private Meeting with the President and a D.C. Centenarian
Alyce Lillian Dixon,
a 107-year-old feisty veteran and D.C. resident, and I rode to the White House together for a private meeting with President Obama
last Monday.
Dixon, a veteran of World War II, expressed her gratitude to the President for his continued support for veterans.
We also took that time to thank the President for supporting D.C. statehood.
Visit to Union Station on Congestion and Other Improvements
Last Thursday, I visited Union Station
during evening rush hour to see first-hand whether Union Station is making progress on eliminating traffic congestion, following my roundtable on Union Station congestion last month.
Energetic traffic personnel were keeping traffic moving and signage had improved inside the station, but not outside.
However, new outdoor signage proposals have been delivered, and we should see improvement soon.
Residents should email us whether you are seeing improvements, particularly on signage and congestion.
Please email us by clicking here .
Bringing More Food Options to the National Mall with a Food Truck Lottery
In a letter to
National Park Service Superintendent of the National Mall and Memorial Parks, Robert Vogel, last Wednesday, I suggested implementing a lottery for food trucks on the National Mall similar to the one soon to be used by the District on city streets.
Seeking Community Input in the Decision to Change Road Races to Sundays
In a letter last Wednesday to Paul Irving, House Sergeant at Arms and head of the Capitol Police Board, I asked the board to reconsider
the recent change to road race schedules.
I wrote to express my concerns after the announcement that races will now be scheduled for Sundays alerted religious leaders about possible interferences with Sunday services and their exclusion, as well as the rest of the surrounding community, from the decision-making process that resulted in the change.
Roundtable Discussion on Solutions for Long-term Unemployed in the District
Last Wednesday, I held a roundtable discussion
featuring testimony not only from District residents who are unemployed, but from residents who for the first time can find only part-time employment or are underemployed, making far less than before the Great Recession.
I got good information for waging the fight for the unemployed and underemployed and for kick-starting the economy again
for example, jobs and much needed assistance to the states and D.C. that would come from a surface transportation reauthorization bill, which I am trying to achieve as ranking member of the Transportation and Infrastructure Committees Subcommittee on Highways and Transit during the lame-duck session.
Remembering Ben Bradlee
I was invited
to the funeral of the Washington Posts greatest editor, Ben Bradlee, last Wednesday.
His work as executive editor of our hometown paper launched the paper into the era of investigative journalism, and made the Washington Post one of the nations premier newspapers.
Receiving the Lifetime Legacy Award from the D.C. Chamber
Recently, I was honored to receive
the Lifetime Legacy Award from the D.C. Chamber of Commerce for my development work that is revitalizing several areas in the District
the SE and SW waterfronts, NOMA, and the Department of Homeland Security complex
as well as for my work for equal citizenship rights for D.C. residents.
I appreciate this award, as reminding residents that fighting for statehood and voting rights may be my love, but not my entire congressional agenda.
Received a Presidential Citation from the American Psychological Association
On Friday I received a Presidential Citation
from the American Psychological Association (APA) for my work in human rights, as well as in mental health care.
I appreciate this award, particularly considering that I am only the second Member of Congress to receive the APA Presidential Citation.
Upcoming Events
TBA
doctype html
Congresswoman Nortons e-Newsletter
November 3, 2014
Dont forget to vote Tuesday, November 4th, 7:00 a.m. to 8:00 p.m.
Find your polling place .
Asking Secret Service Panel to Retain Public Access
On Friday, I released
my letter to
the new White House Security Review Panel to alert them of their obligation to avoid sealing off the White House from public access.
Following the fence-jumpers and the internal Secret Service problems, it is too easy to blame the public instead of looking
to common-sense solutions like a higher fence and keeping trained security dogs accessible.
General Services Administration Moves Closer to Consolidating Department of Homeland Security at St. Elizabeths
The General Services Administration (GSA) and the D.C. government have entered
into formal negotiations
to exchange federal land at 49 L Street SE for construction services to be performed by the District of Columbia adjacent to St. Elizabeths campus on Martin Luther King Avenue SE.
The District plans to restripe roads, construct sidewalks and crosswalks, and
expand the roadway.
Once this is completed, the District would own 49 L Street SE in fee simple with full rights and ownership over the property, taking us one step closer to a new Department of Homeland Security, as well as consolidation, while providing
jobs both to renovate 49 L Street and at the DHS site.
Suggestions for Ebola Preparedness, Following Responses from District Hospitals
After I sent a letter to District hospitals seeking answers about their level of readiness if an Ebola patient walked
in, I received detailed responses from each of the hospitals, which show good preparedness efforts by the D.C. Department of Health and our D.C. hospitals.
The purpose of my inquiry was to see if more was required from the federal government.
I released
several recommendations
based on the information from the hospitals, particularly preparing clinics, not just full-service hospitals.
Protecting D.C. from a State Department Land Grab at Walter Reed
Despite lengthy negotiations for the 67 acres at Walter Reed Army Hospital by the District of Columbia, the Department of State (DOS) tried to snatch a portion of D.C.s land.
Moreover, while D.C. must pay for its land, the State Department wants to get its
portion for free or at a nominal cost.
Federal agencies, too, must pay according to the rules.
The District is nearly finished with its negotiations, but the land that the State Department wants could go to the Childrens National Hospital because of the
state-of-the-art lab space on that land that Childrens can use.
The State Department wants the land, but would destroy the lab and cost the federal government millions.
This is a fight worth making and we are succeeding.
Private Meeting with the President and a D.C. Centenarian
Alyce Lillian Dixon,
a 107-year-old feisty veteran and D.C. resident, and I rode to the White House together for a private
meeting
with President Obama
last Monday.
Dixon, a veteran of World War II, expressed her gratitude to the President for his continued support for veterans.
We also took that
time to thank the President for supporting D.C. statehood.
Visit to Union Station on Congestion and Other Improvements
Last Thursday, I
visited
Union Station
during evening rush hour to see first-hand whether Union Station is making progress on eliminating traffic congestion, following my roundtable on Union Station
congestion last month.
Energetic traffic personnel were keeping traffic moving and signage had improved inside the station, but not outside.
However, new outdoor signage proposals have been delivered, and we should see improvement soon.
Residents should
email us whether you are seeing improvements, particularly on signage and congestion.
Please email us by clicking
here .
Bringing More Food Options to the National Mall with a Food Truck Lottery
In
a letter to
National Park Service Superintendent of the National Mall and Memorial Parks, Robert Vogel, last Wednesday, I suggested implementing a lottery for food trucks
on the National Mall similar to the one soon to be used by the District on city streets.
Seeking Community Input in the Decision to Change Road Races to Sundays
In a letter last Wednesday to Paul Irving, House Sergeant at Arms and head of the Capitol Police Board, I asked the
board to
reconsider
the recent change to road race schedules.
I wrote to express my concerns after the announcement that races will now be scheduled for Sundays alerted religious
leaders about possible interferences with Sunday services and their exclusion, as well as the rest of the surrounding community, from the decision-making process that resulted in the change.
Roundtable Discussion on Solutions for Long-term Unemployed in the District
Last Wednesday, I held
a
roundtable discussion
featuring testimony not only from District residents who are unemployed, but from residents who for the first time can find only part-time employment
or are underemployed, making far less than before the Great Recession.
I got good information for waging the fight for the unemployed and underemployed and for kick-starting the economy again
for example, jobs and much needed assistance to the states and
D.C. that would come from a surface transportation reauthorization bill, which I am trying to achieve as ranking member of the Transportation and Infrastructure Committees Subcommittee on Highways and Transit during the lame-duck session.
Remembering Ben Bradlee
I was
invited
to the funeral of the Washington Posts greatest editor, Ben Bradlee, last Wednesday.
His work as executive editor of our hometown paper launched the paper into the era of investigative journalism, and made the Washington
Post one of the nations premier newspapers.
Receiving the Lifetime Legacy Award from the D.C. Chamber
Recently, I was
honored to receive
the
Lifetime Legacy Awar d from the D.C. Chamber of Commerce for my development work that is revitalizing several areas in the District
the SE and SW waterfronts, NOMA, and the Department of Homeland Security complex
as well as for my work for equal
citizenship rights for D.C. residents.
I appreciate this award, as reminding residents that fighting for statehood and voting rights may be my love, but not my entire congressional agenda.
Received a Presidential Citation from the American Psychological Association
On Friday
I received
a Presidential Citation
from the American Psychological Association (APA) for my work in human rights, as well as in mental health care.
I appreciate this award, particularly considering that I am only the second Member of Congress to receive the APA Presidential
Citation.
Upcoming Events
TBA
Thanks for subscribing!
Follow Congresswoman Norton on
Facebook ,
Twitter ,
Instagram ,
YouTube , or her
website
for more updates.
Capitol Hill Office
2136 Rayburn HOB
Washington, D.C. 20515
Phone: (202) 225-8050
Fax: (202) 225-3002
S.E. District Office
2041 Martin Luther King Jr. Ave., S.E.
Washington, D.C. 20020
Phone: (202) 678-8900
Fax: (202) 678-8844
Main District Office
90 K Street, N.E., Suite 100
Washington DC 20001
Phone: (202) 408-9041
Fax: (202) 408-9048
To unsubscribe from our list, please click here .
