
TONIGHT, President Obama will make history by announcing an executive action that will dramatically reform immigration policy and protect up to 5 MILLION immigrants -- including kids -- from deportation.
Friend -- TONIGHT, President Obama will make history by announcing an executive action that will dramatically reform immigration policy and protect up to 5 MILLION immigrants -- including kids -- from deportation.
But Republicans have ALREADY started screaming -- even before hearing the details of the President&rsquo;s plan! We MUST show President Obama that Democrats have his back!
We&#39;ve already had 40,000 people sign on to support President Obama. Can we get 100,000 before the announcement tonight?
Your Action History
Last Petition Signed:
N/A
Support Immigration Relief:
Signature Pending &gt;&gt;
You won&rsquo;t believe some of the things that Republicans have been threatening -- before President Obama has even announced anything!
Ted Cruz has threatened to block any nominees from being confirmed
Rand Paul supports spending taxpayer dollars to SUE President Obama
House Republicans have even said that &ldquo;impeachment would be a consideration&rdquo;
We&rsquo;ve got to show President Obama that we&rsquo;ve got his back before tonight&rsquo;s announcement.
Will you add your name and sign on today?
Thanks for your support,
DSCC Rapid Response
Democratic Senatorial Campaign Committee
P.O. Box 96047
Washington, DC 20090
Paid for by the Democratic Senatorial Campaign Committee, dscc.org,
and not authorized by any candidate or candidate&#39;s committee.
The DSCC is the only organization solely dedicated to supporting Democrats in the U.S. Senate. This message was sent to dj724530@gmail.com because you are a part of the DSCC&rsquo;s grassroots network. Please add us to your address book or approved senders list to make sure you keep receiving DSCC updates.
Emails are a critical way for us to stay in touch with our grassroots supporters. 99% of the DSCC&rsquo;s contributions come from grassroots donors giving less than $200. We also strive to keep you updated on issues related to the Democratic Party&rsquo;s values.
If you&rsquo;d like to stop receiving emails related to this campaign, please
click here .
If you&#39;d like to make a contribution to support us, please
click here . We are already beginning to prepare for the fight ahead &ndash; reclaiming the majority in 2016. It will take every single grassroots supporter, but we know it&rsquo;s possible with your help. If you&rsquo;d like to stop receiving all emails from the DSCC, please
unsubscribe . We greatly appreciate your continued support.
Contributions or gifts to the DSCC are not tax deductible.
