Copyright (c) 1996-2014 Constant Contact. All rights reserved.
Except as permitted under a separate
written agreement with Constant Contact, neither the Constant Contact software, nor any content that appears on any Constant Contact site,
including but not limited to, web pages, newsletters, or templates may be reproduced, republished, repurposed, or distributed without the
prior written permission of Constant Contact.
For inquiries regarding reproduction or distribution of any Constant Contact material, please
contact legal@constantcontact.com.
Mike Kelly's Weekly E-Newsletter
October 31, 2014
Follow me on Twitter!
Visit my YouTube page!
Click here to subscribe to my weekly
E-newsletter
My Offices
ERIE DISTRICT OFFICE 208 E. Bayfront Parkway Suite 102 Erie, PA 16507 Phone: (814) 454-8190 Fax: (814) 454-8197
BUTLER DISTRICT OFFICE
101 East Diamond St Suite 218 Butler, PA
16001 Phone: (724) 282-2557
Fax: (724) 282-3682
SHARON DISTRICT OFFICE
33 Chestnut Street Sharon, PA
16146 Phone: (724) 342-7170 Fax: (724) 342-7242
WASHINGTON, DC OFFICE
1519 Longworth HOB Washington, DC 20515 Phone: (202) 225-5406 Fax: (202) 225-3103
CRAWFORD COUNTY OFFICE Every Wednesday 9:00 a.m. - 4:00 p.m. 908 Diamond Park Meadville, PA 16335
ARMSTRONG COUNTY OFFICE
Every Thursday 9:00 a.m. - 4:00 p.m. 300 South McKean Street Kittanning, PA 16201
LAWRENCE COUNTY
Every Friday 9:00 a.m. - 4: 00 p.m. Lawrence County Courthouse 430 Court Street New Castle, PA
16101
Dear Friends,
Over
the past four years, my colleagues and I in the House have been
devoted to passing
critical
legislation
to help create jobs and grow our economy.
That's why we were sent there, and that's what we've been doing since Day
One.
Simply
put, the Senate -- under the failed leadership of Harry Reid -- has been the
place where House-passed bills go to die.
Since
I took office, the House of Representatives -- "the People's House" -- has
passed more than 540 bills to help the American people.
As
of right now,
387 of these bills
are currently being blocked
by Harry Reid in the Senate.
View a full list of these bills here.
Just
last month, I joined the House in passing H.R. 4,
the Jobs for America Act , which included 15 commonsense, bipartisan
bills to rebuild our economy. We also passed H.R. 2, which included 14
bills to expand energy production and lower energy costs.
It
sickens me to say it, but just like hundreds of bills before them,
these two monumental packages are currently collecting dust on Harry
Reid's desk.
This
kind of obstruction is scandalous, and represents an unacceptable
dereliction of duty. It must change.
On a separate front, I invite you to take a moment to check out a brand new video recap of the full history of the IRS targeting scandal.
Watch it here.
Like most Americans, I believe it is time for this scandal to finally end. It's time for the full truth to be reveale d, and for those at the IRS to come clean at last.
My colleagues and I on the House Ways & Means Committee will not
stop our investigation until every fact is exposed, accountability is
restored, and justice is met. We have a duty to ensure that no American
is ever targeted for his or her beliefs again. For the latest information on House investigations into the IRS's political discrimination,
click here .
Sincerely,
Rep. Kelly Statement on
Phone Conversation
with New Director of
Erie VA Medical Center
On Thursday, Rep. Kelly
issued the following statement after speaking with the new Director of the Erie Veterans Affairs Medical Center, David Cord, who was
recently promoted to the post
by the U.S. Department of Veterans Affairs.
"Earlier this afternoon, I had a polite but professional phone conversation with Mr. Cord about the expectations of his imminent new role as Director of the Erie VA Medical Center. We discussed the serious need for transparency with veterans and the community at-large and the importance of keeping an open and consistent line of communication between our offices. We plan to meet face-to-face soon after Mr. Cord officially takes over the position.
"Pennsylvania's Third District has been home to two of the best performing VA Medical Centers in the nation. It is my expectation that this distinction will remain intact beyond any change in leadership. Moving forward, my office will continue to provide our constitutionally obligated oversight of these operations and work as an advocate for our veterans community."
Rep. Kelly Defends Digital Trade Freedom to Strengthen American Economy
Sends bipartisan letter to US Trade Ambassador seeking protection of open markets for digital trade in upcoming negotiations
Rep. Kelly -- a member of the House Ways and Means Committee -- sent
a bipartisan letter
to U.S. Trade Representative Ambassador Michael Froman today to ensure that "binding obligations" are included in negotiations over the Trans-Pacific Partnership (TPP) trade deal to ensure that global markets remain open to digital products, services, and cross-border data flows that are key areas of U.S. competitiveness. The letter was co-authored by Rep. Kelly and Rep. Ron Kind (D-WI) and includes a total of 55 bipartisan signatories from Congress, including Ways and Means Committee Chairman Dave Camp (R-MI) and Ranking Member Sander Levin (D-MI). The letter can be viewed
here .
Statement by Rep. Kelly:
"The free flow of information and open markets to new products and services throughout the world are constant, essential components to America's economic strength. In the 21st century global economy, digital trade is a rapidly growing engine for innovation, business growth, and job creation here at home. It must be protected and permitted to flourish. The United States must champion such protections for free data flow in the upcoming Trans-Pacific Partnership negotiations and insist that they are included in any final agreement."
Excerpts of
letter to Ambassador Froman :
We urge you to include strong, binding obligations in this agreement [the Trans-Pacific Partnership] to ensure that markets are open to digital products and services and cross-border data flows.
In order to achieve modern, 21st century trade agreements, digital trade issues must be sufficiently addressed. ... Any agreement presented to Congress will need to include provisions that specifically keep borders open to the free flow of data, prohibit countries from requiring the use of local data servers or other computing infrastructure as a condition for providing digital services, and ensure non-discriminatory treatment of digital products and services.
With close to 3 billion people now using the Internet, digital trade is an increasingly important driver of the U.S. and global economies. ... [T]he US International Trade Commission has reported that US exports of digitally enabled services totaled more than $356 billion in 2011 - a 26 percent increase from 2007 - generating a trade surplus in the sector each year. This underscores why it is so important for industries across the economy - especially those with global operations - to be able to transfer data across borders.
All TPP countries will benefit from the free flow of data, a view shared by industries throughout the region.
Businesses of all types and sizes are capitalizing on digital technologies to boost their productivity, streamline operations, and facilitate creativity and problem solving. For example, with infinitely scalable processing power and unimaginably vast data storage at their disposal, banks can analyze patterns to detect fraud; doctors can more efficiently assess the most effective treatments for diseases; and farmers can track soil, weather and plant data to maximize yields. ... We need trade policies to encourage this kind of innovation and growth, not inhibit it.
Praise from trade associations:
"CSI is pleased to see a strong, bipartisan group of 55 Members of Congress stress the importance of digital trade in TPP. This letter shows that it is absolutely essential that TPP has strong enforceable commitments ensuring the free flow of data."
- Peter Allgeier, President,
Coalition of Services Industries
(CSI)
"The increasingly broad support for strong data-flow provisions underscores the central importance of this issue to making the TPP a 21st century trade agreement. Preserving and encouraging the free flow of information across the world should be a top priority for trade ministers when they gather in Beijing for the next round of talks. We applaud today's bipartisan House support and commend Representatives Kelly and Kind for their leadership on this issue."
- Victoria Espinel, President and CEO,
BSA | The Software Alliance
"The overwhelming attention given to this bipartisan letter addressed to USTR Michael Froman, led by Rep. Kelly (R-PA) and Rep. Kind (D-PA), is a clear indication that a growing number of Members of Congress understand the importance of cross-border data flows to users, businesses, and future entrepreneurs who look to access content and reach consumers across the globe. As representatives of the technology industry in the United States, we appreciate the leadership these Members have taken on this issue and look forward to working with Congress to ensure the unrestricted movement of data within the Trans-Pacific Partnership and other ongoing free trade negotiations."
- Burak Guvensoylar, Director of Government Relations,
TechAmerica
Forward this email This email was sent to dj724530@gmail.com by
thomas.qualtere@mail.house.gov
|
Update Profile/Email Address
|
Rapid removal with
SafeUnsubscribe &trade;
|
Privacy Policy . The Office of Representative Mike Kelly
|
1519 Longworth House Office Building
|
Washington
|
DC
|
20515
