
NOTE: Please DO NOT respond to this email as this inbox is unattended. To contact my office please
click here
ABOUT
SERVICES
ISSUES &amp; LEGISLATION
MEDIA CENTER
RESOURCES
CONTACT
ESPAOL
For Immediate Release
Contact: Nelly Decker
Tuesday, November 25, 2014
(202) 225-9897
(PHOTO) Rep. Veasey Re-lives High School Job During Thanksgiving Rush
Veasey spends the afternoon
working side-by-side Kroger employees to lend a hand during a busy holiday season as part of his Marc Means Business initiative
Irving, TX
On Monday, November 24, 2014,
Congressman Marc Veasey, TX-33, took a trip down memory lane as he worked the afternoon shift at the Irving Kroger Supermarket while shoppers made last minute purchases to prepare for their Thanksgiving meals.
Congressman Veasey fondly recalls donning the name badge and apron as a teenager, when he worked as a grocery bagger at Kroger Supermarket. During his Marc Means Business work day, Veasey had a chance to work multiple store departments including stocking produce, decorating a birthday cake, retrieving shopping carts and bagging groceries for customers.
(Irving, TX) Congressman Marc Veasey, TX-33, stocks the produce aisle during his November Marc Means Business work day at the Irving Kroger Supermarket.
Ive had the privilege of working alongside many of our districts most hardworking residents in both small and large businesses. Each work day has provided me with insight into the day-to-day challenges my constituents face on and off the job, which has helped me represent their needs more effectively in Washington, D.C.,
said Congressman Veasey.
As one of my first jobs in high school, Kroger provided me with many lessons in responsibility and cooperation and I am grateful to have had the opportunity to re-live the experience.
Congressman Veasey remains committed to strengthening the American economy by supporting the middle class and stimulating job growth in the 33 rd
Congressional District. Veasey will continue to clock-in at a variety of well-known and lesser-known local businesses and organizations across the Metroplex, each month.
To invite Congressman Veasey to work with you as part of his Marc Means Business initiative, please
contact his District Office .
View the November 2014 Marc Means Business photo gallery
here .
NOTE: Please DO NOT respond to this email as this inbox is unattended. To contact my office please
click here
UNSUBSCRIBE
|
PRIVACY POLICY
|
CONTACT US
Click Here Click Here