
Website
Contact Me
Issues &
Legislation
Constituent Services
Newsroom
A Weekly e-Newsletter from
Senator Johnny Isakson (R-GA)
November 14, 2014
Dear Friends,
The Senate returned this week following the November 4, 2014, elections
to begin work in what is often called the "lame-duck" session of
Congress.
On Election Day, we chose a new senator here in Georgia and I look
forward to working with another businessman from the private sector,
Senator-elect David Perdue
, in the United States Senate. We have
already begun working together, and he will be sworn in as our new
senator on January 6, 2015.
On Thursday, the Senate voted 98-0 to confirm Leigh Martin May as a
U.S. District Court judge for the Northern District in Atlanta. View my
remarks in support of her nomination on the floor of the Senate HERE
.
Next week, the Senate is finally planning to debate and vote on
legislation to allow construction to begin on the KeystoneXL Pipeline-
the number one issue I said I would send to the president with a GOP
majority. If this bipartisan, job-creating legislation is passed in
both the U.S. House and the U.S. Senate, it will go to President Obama's
desk for his signature. President Obama would be forced to finally take
a position on this issue. If it has passed the House and Senate with
bipartisan support, as I suspect it will, he will have a hard time
finding any justifiable reason not to sign it.
There are five major issues that we need to deal with in the Senate
before May 31, 2015: the debt ceiling, the reimbursement rate for
doctors who treat Medicare patients, the budget, appropriations bills,
and the highway trust fund for transportation infrastructure. Click
here to read more of my thoughts on, and plans for tackling, these
critical issues
.
Savannah Harbor Expansion Project
The final agreement to allow construction to begin on the Savannah
Harbor Expansion Project was signed on October 8, 2014
. As one of the largest
infrastructure projects in the history of the Southeast, this is of
great importance to Georgia and to our economy. It will bring more jobs
to our state. I've been very proud to be a part of the Savannah Harbor
Expansion Project, and I commend the hard work and partnership of Gov.
Nathan Deal, Sen. Saxby Chambliss and U.S. Rep. Jack Kingston,
R-Ga.-01, to make sure this project became a reality.
A-10 Weapon System
On Thursday, I joined a number of fellow Congressmen, including Sen.
Saxby Chambliss and U.S. Rep. Austin Scott, R-Ga.-08, to voice our
opposition to premature divestment of the A-10 Thunderbolt II by the
U.S. Air Force that could jeopardize the United States' close air
support capabilities and the safety of American service members.
The A-10 is an important mission at Moody Air Force Base in Valdosta,
Ga., and plays a crucial role in support of our national defense. It's
almost as important to Moody as it is to our troops on the ground. The
close air support provided by the A-10 is unmatched and unequal to
anywhere else in the world, and to divest of this aircraft without an
alternative ready and in place would put U.S. troops at increased risk
in future conflicts
.
Action is expected in the coming weeks by the Senate and House on an
annual defense bill determining policy and funding priorities for the
U.S. military.
October
While the Senate has not been in session for the last several weeks,
October was a busy month!
The United States won a major victory in a trade dispute with India
that will allow American farmers to resume the export of poultry to
India.
On October 14, 2014, the
World Trade Organization (WTO) ruled in favor of the United States in a
dispute challenging India's ban on various U.S. agricultural products -
such as poultry meat, eggs and live pigs - allegedly to protect against
avian influenza. The panel agreed with the United States that India's
ban breached numerous international trade rules, including because it
was imposed without sufficient scientific evidence. As the leading
Republican on the Senate Finance Subcommittee on International Trade, I
have been working to open up India to U.S. poultry since this issue was
brought to my attention. The WTO panel affirmed that measures to ensure
food safety must be based on science and not a desire to restrict
market access. Georgia is the fourth largest poultry-producing region
in the world, with the industry contributing more than $15.1 billion to
the Georgia economy, so this means a great deal to our state.
As a current member of the Senate health committee and former
Republican leader on the subcommittee on Africa, I have become
well-versed on the Ebola virus in recent years. Given the transmission
of Ebola in Dallas, Texas, that originated from a passenger flying from
West Africa, I believe we must continue to temporarily restrict
nonessential travel to the United States from Ebola-affected countries.
I take this situation very seriously and believe it is an urgent
priority for the United States to contain this outbreak at its source,
as well as to ensure that any additional cases that arise in the United
States are quickly isolated. I also commend Emory? for stepping up in
this crisis and being a model for the nation.
Federal regulators in October finalized a rule that will require banks
that sell loans to retain some risk on their books. The new rule also
includes an important exception that I worked on to ensure that highly
qualified homebuyers have access to affordable home loans. I worked to
enact the Qualified Residential Mortgage provision to ensure that
highly qualified homebuyers have access to affordable home loans
. The agreed upon standards strike the right
balance and compromise, as they ensure that qualified borrowers have
access to safe mortgages, while protecting the marketplace and
significantly lowering delinquencies and defaults. The final rule will
go a long way to bring certainty and to strengthen the U.S. housing
market, and in turn, the broader U.S. economy. Preserving low down
payment loans as part of the revised rule will also allow the market to
continue on its path to recovery. We have learned that it was poor
underwriting-not low down payments-that led us into the housing crisis.
What's on Tap?
Next week, the Senate will begin with a vote on legislation would
reauthorize federal Child Care and Development Block Grants. Votes on
three judicial nominees from Georgia - Leslie Joyce Abrams, Mark Cohen
and Eleanor Ross - are scheduled for early in the week. And as
previously mentioned, the Senate is planning for a vote on construction
of the KeystoneXL Pipeline.
Sincerely,
Johnny Isakson
Office Locations
Washington, D.C.
131 Russell Senate Office Building
Washington, D.C. 20510
Tel: (202) 224-3643
Fax: (202) 228-0724
Georgia
One Overton Park, Suite 970
3625 Cumberland Blvd
Atlanta, GA 30339
Tel: (770) 661-0999
Fax: (770) 661-0768
You have received this e-mail because you signed up or opted into our
mailing list.
Click here to unsubscribe
.
A
Message From Senator Isakson
Website
Contact
Me
Issues
&amp; Legislation
Constituent
Services
Newsroom
A
Weekly e-Newsletter from Senator Johnny Isakson (R-GA)
November 14, 2014
Dear Friends,
The
Senate returned this week following the November 4, 2014, elections to begin work in what is often called
the &#8220;lame-duck&#8221; session of Congress.
On
Election Day, we chose a new senator here in Georgia and
I
look forward to working with another businessman from the private sector, Senator-elect David Perdue ,
in the United States Senate. We have already begun working together, and he will be sworn in as our new
senator on January 6, 2015.
On
Thursday, the Senate voted 98-0 to confirm Leigh Martin May as a U.S. District Court judge for the Northern
District in Atlanta. View my remarks in support of her nomination on the floor of the Senate
HERE .
Next
week, the Senate is
finally
planning to debate and vote on legislation
to allow construction to begin on the KeystoneXL Pipeline&#8211; the number one issue I said I would
send to the president with a GOP majority. If this bipartisan, job-creating legislation is passed in
both the U.S. House and the U.S. Senate, it will go to President Obama&#8217;s desk for his signature.
President Obama would be forced to finally take a position on this issue. If it has passed the House
and Senate with bipartisan support, as I suspect it will, he will have a hard time finding any justifiable
reason not to sign it.
There
are five major issues that we need to deal with in the Senate before May 31, 2015: the debt ceiling,
the reimbursement rate for doctors who treat Medicare patients, the budget, appropriations bills, and
the highway trust fund for transportation infrastructure.
Click
here to read more of my thoughts on, and plans for tackling, these critical issues .
Savannah
Harbor Expansion Project
The
final agreement to allow construction to begin on the Savannah Harbor Expansion Project was signed on
October 8, 2014 . As one
of the largest infrastructure projects in the history of the Southeast, this is of great importance to
Georgia and to our economy. It will bring more jobs to our state. I&#8217;ve been very proud to be a
part of the Savannah Harbor Expansion Project, and I commend the hard work and partnership of Gov. Nathan
Deal, Sen. Saxby Chambliss and U.S. Rep. Jack Kingston, R-Ga.-01, to make sure this project became a
reality.
A-10
Weapon System
On
Thursday, I joined a number of fellow Congressmen, including Sen. Saxby Chambliss and U.S. Rep. Austin
Scott, R-Ga.-08, to voice our opposition to premature divestment of the A-10 Thunderbolt II by the U.S.
Air Force that could jeopardize the United States&#8217; close air support capabilities and the safety
of American service members.
The
A-10 is an important mission at Moody Air Force Base in Valdosta, Ga., and plays a crucial role in support
of our national defense. It&#8217;s almost as important to Moody as it is to our troops on the ground.
The
close air support provided by the A-10 is unmatched and unequal to anywhere else in the world, and to
divest of this aircraft without an alternative ready and in place would put U.S. troops at increased
risk in future conflicts .
Action
is expected in the coming weeks by the Senate and House on an annual defense bill determining policy
and funding priorities for the U.S. military.
October
While
the Senate has not been in session for the last several weeks, October was a busy month!
The
United States won a major victory in a trade dispute with India that will allow American farmers to resume
the export of poultry to India.
On October 14, 2014, the World Trade Organization (WTO) ruled in favor of the United States in a dispute
challenging India&#8217;s ban on various U.S. agricultural products &#8211; such as poultry meat, eggs
and live pigs &#8211; allegedly to protect against avian influenza. The panel agreed with the United
States that India&#8217;s ban breached numerous international trade rules, including because it was imposed
without sufficient scientific evidence. As the leading Republican on the Senate Finance Subcommittee
on International Trade, I have been working to open up India to U.S. poultry since this issue was brought
to my attention. The WTO panel affirmed that measures to ensure food safety must be based on science
and not a desire to restrict market access. Georgia is the fourth largest poultry-producing region in
the world, with the industry contributing more than $15.1 billion to the Georgia economy, so this means
a great deal to our state.
As
a current member of the Senate health committee and former Republican leader on the subcommittee on Africa,
I have become well-versed on the Ebola virus in recent years. Given the transmission of Ebola in Dallas,
Texas, that originated from a passenger flying from West Africa, I believe we must continue to temporarily
restrict nonessential travel to the United States from Ebola-affected countries. I take this situation
very seriously and believe it is an urgent priority for the United States to contain this outbreak at
its source, as well as to ensure that any additional cases that arise in the United States are quickly
isolated.
I also commend Emory &#8206;
for stepping up in this crisis and being a model for the nation.
Federal
regulators in October finalized a rule that will require banks that sell loans to retain some risk on
their books. The new rule also includes an important exception that I worked on to ensure that highly
qualified homebuyers have access to affordable home loans.
I
worked to enact the Qualified Residential Mortgage provision to ensure that highly qualified homebuyers
have access to affordable home loans .
The agreed upon standards strike the right balance and compromise, as they ensure that qualified borrowers
have access to safe mortgages, while protecting the marketplace and significantly lowering delinquencies
and defaults. The final rule will go a long way to bring certainty and to strengthen the U.S. housing
market, and in turn, the broader U.S. economy. Preserving low down payment loans as part of the revised
rule will also allow the market to continue on its path to recovery. We have learned that it was poor
underwriting&#8212;not low down payments&#8212;that led us into the housing crisis.
What&#8217;s
on Tap?
Next
week, the Senate will begin with a vote on legislation would reauthorize federal Child Care and Development
Block Grants. Votes on three judicial nominees from Georgia &#8211; Leslie Joyce Abrams, Mark Cohen and
Eleanor Ross &#8211; are scheduled for early in the week. And as previously mentioned, the Senate is
planning for a vote on construction of the KeystoneXL Pipeline.
Sincerely,
Johnny
Isakson
Office
Locations
Washington,
D.C.
131 Russell Senate Office Building Washington, D.C. 20510 Tel: (202) 224-3643 Fax:
(202) 228-0724
Georgia
One Overton Park, Suite 970 3625 Cumberland Blvd Atlanta, GA 30339 Tel: (770) 661-0999 Fax:
(770) 661-0768
You
have received this e-mail because you signed up or opted into our mailing list.
Click here to
unsubscribe .
