DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.0 Transitional//EN" "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml1/DTD/xhtml1-transitional.dtd"
Send me an email
|
Forward to a Friend
Tools of the Trade
What Washington Needs to do to Lead Well
By Congressman Randy Forbes
November 14, 2014
My dad loved his toolbox. And maybe just as much as he loved his toolbox, he enjoyed getting new tools. One thing I realized as a young boy, however, is that no matter how many new tools he got, he always went back to his old faithfuls. They were the tools he knew would come through. They were the ones that
time and time again
withstood the test of the task at hand.
There are similar tools of the trade in Washington
the ones that transcend generations and national challenges. Tools that have helped our nation navigate through some of our darkest times and theyve pushed us towards a brighter future. Yet even with a history of durability, there is a tendency to look away from them, as if the current state of affairs or polarized environment is too much for them to handle.
But they are as durable today as they were for our Founders and the many other generations of leaders who came before us. They are the old faithfuls. When our nations leaders reach for them, our nation moves forward.
Here are four tools Washington needs to reach for, if it wants to lead our nation well:
Strategic long-term vision . Temporary spending. Stopgap measures. Last-minute deals. These are the words of todays Washington. Were in a cycle of governing by crisis that only serves to kick the can down the road. We need to be more strategic and forward-thinking, because long-range planning precedes opportunity and advancement. The root of nearly every challenge weve faced in recent years
federal deficit, defense cuts, economic conditions
comes back to one thing: we need a strategic plan. Operating on a plan gives shape and purpose to our future, both as individuals and as a nation. Read about my strategic long-term vision for a variety of issues
here .
Common ground.
By its very nature, our system of government requires high levels of engagement and consensus to keep our nation moving forward. The linchpin in all of that is a marketplace of ideas, where
with ample dialogue
we admit problems and work through disagreements until the truth wins out.
Americans are inspired when its leaders work together. They are reminded of our powerful democracy when leaders offer ideas and participate in cordial debate in front of the American people.
But this also requires that proper procedures are in place and adhered to, that there is transparency into what is being proposed, and that there is the opportunity to review, discuss, and vote on legislative proposals one at a time
as opposed to the enormous, catch-all bills that have become so commonplace in Congress.
Innovative solutions.
Innovation requires a respect for the past with an eye on the future. It requires leaders to think
creatively. And for our federal government, it means coming up with solutions that support and empower businesses, researchers, scientists, nonprofits, and families to do what they do best: utilize the unparalleled innovation and resourcefulness of the American people to push our country forward. To do this, we need to reduce burdensome regulations, encourage
medical discovery , remove the red tape stifling
transportation projects ,
simplify the tax code , and so many other common sense solutions. When we do, Americans will drive our nation to new heights in technology, energy, science, and medicine.
Servant leadership.
Servant leaders lead by example, practice humility, and stay vigilant. They fight not for themselves, but to better understand each others unwavering principles and ways to work within differences. Above all, servant leaders listen. We need servant leaders who are willing to fight for America, rather than themselves. We need individuals who are willing to make themselves and our government smaller so national interests can be made greater. Not in a heels-in-the-ground kind of way, but rather by taking a posture of debate that encourages the best ideas to win out. That is servant leadership, and it will propel us to an even greater future as a nation.
Each of these tools is powerful on its own, but we will have the most impact when we use them simultaneously to navigate the challenges our country faces. To effectively employ these tools, we need leaders who are more interested in getting things done, than getting credit. In doing something worthwhile, than being someone recognizable. In serving faithfully, than in seeming successful. When we, as a nation, foster that type of leadership
in our elected officials, in our societys culture, and in ourselves -- that is when well see real movement in surmounting our current obstacles and begin to push our country forward into yet uncharted frontiers of innovation, advancement, growth, and prosperity.
Home
|
Contact
|
Forward to a Friend
|
Unsubscribe
|
Subscribe
|
Privacy
|
Office Locations
Please do not reply to this message. This email address does not accept incoming messages. To send an email,
click here .
Click Here Click Here