
The following op-ed by Senator Dan Coats was published in the
Indianapolis Star on Monday, November 17, 2014:
Republicans Need To Be Solution Oriented
By Dan Coats
Americans decisively voted this month to move our country in a new
direction. The results of the midterm election represent a repudiation
of President Obama's failed policies but also an opportunity for
Republicans in Congress to put forward responsible legislative
solutions.
The first and primary responsibility of the federal government is to
provide for the security of the American public. Today, our country
faces a variety of threats, including radical extremists like ISIS, the
Ebola virus and inadequate border security. Unfortunately, many of the
administration's responses to these challenges have failed: an
unenforced red line with Syria, dubious negotiations with Iran and
promoting amnesty for those in the United States illegally.
Addressing these issues and protecting our homeland is paramount at
this critical time, and Congress has an important role to play.
Additionally, Republicans should concentrate on passing legislation
that will grow the economy. This is a focus that Washington lacked over
the past several years despite an anemic recovery from the 2008
financial crisis.
Since 2009, the percentage of working-age Americans who are not in the
labor force has reached near-record levels. There are fewer full-time
jobs in America than when the recession started. And nearly 29 million
of the 124.5 million Americans in prime working years - ages 25-54 -
are not employed. As Hoosiers, we are fortunate to live in a state that
is fiscally responsible and a destination for employers, but overall
our country is struggling.
The GOP agenda for the next Congress should include common-sense,
bipartisan ideas that President Obama has repeatedly resisted:
repealing the excise tax on medical devices, constructing the Keystone
XL pipeline and reforming federal regulations that prevent businesses
from growing and hiring. Repealing the president's disastrous
health-care law to replace it with more effective and patient-centered
solutions will remain a top GOP priority.
In addition, Republicans should seize the moment and finally tackle the
anvil hanging over the country's future - our debt and deficit
problems. Fixing these issues will not be easy or occur overnight, but
there are several areas where Republicans can work with President Obama
- if he is willing to work with us.
A major component must be tax reform. There is a bipartisan consensus
on the need to reform our complicated tax code, which has grown to more
than 70,000 pages of rules, costing employers time and resources. The
United States has the highest corporate tax rate among developed
countries, resulting in a large number of companies relocating
overseas. Reforming the tax code to address the multitude of special
provisions that benefit only a few will make American companies more
competitive and benefit workers and families.
Other areas of potential agreement include expanding exports and new
infrastructure investments. Increasing trade means access to more
markets for American companies. New trade agreements combined with laws
that adequately protect American employers and workers from unfair
foreign trade will lead to job creation and economic opportunity.
Though Republicans have differences in approach with President Obama,
both sides believe there is room for compromise on meeting our country's
infrastructure needs.
Hoosiers sent me back to the Senate in 2011 to tackle the big issues we
face and pass along a stronger America to the next generation. To my
great frustration, Harry Reid effectively shut down the Senate during
the past four years, stifling debate and blocking proposals that did
not fit his narrow political agenda.
This change in leadership provides a fresh start and an opportunity to
move forward much-needed measures to strengthen our security and
economy. I am anxious to get to work.
Coats in the News
Sen. Dan Coats Responds to Kassig Beheading with Brad Byrd
Sen. Coats 'appalled' by US aid worker's killing
_____
Stay Connected
_____
To unsubscribe please
Click Here
Contact Me
Latest News
A message
from Senator Dan Coats
The
following op-ed by Senator Dan Coats was published in the Indianapolis Star on Monday, November 17, 2014:
Republicans Need To Be Solution
Oriented
By Dan Coats
Americans decisively voted this month to move our country in a new direction. The results of the
midterm election represent a repudiation of President Obama&#8217;s failed policies but also an opportunity
for Republicans in Congress to put forward responsible legislative solutions.
The first and primary responsibility of the federal government is to provide for the security
of the American public. Today, our country faces a variety of threats, including radical extremists like
ISIS, the Ebola virus and inadequate border security. Unfortunately, many of the administration&#8217;s
responses to these challenges have failed: an unenforced red line with Syria, dubious negotiations with
Iran and promoting amnesty for those in the United States illegally.
Addressing these
issues and protecting our homeland is paramount at this critical time, and Congress has an important
role to play.
Additionally, Republicans should concentrate on passing legislation that will grow the economy.
This is a focus that Washington lacked over the past several years despite an anemic recovery from the
2008 financial crisis.
Since 2009, the percentage of working-age Americans who are not in the labor force has reached
near-record levels. There are fewer full-time jobs in America than when the recession started. And nearly
29 million of the 124.5 million Americans in prime working years &#8212; ages 25-54 &#8212; are not employed.
As Hoosiers, we are fortunate to live in a state that is fiscally responsible and a destination for employers,
but overall our country is struggling.
The GOP agenda for the next Congress should include common-sense, bipartisan ideas that President
Obama has repeatedly resisted: repealing the excise tax on medical devices, constructing the Keystone
XL pipeline and reforming federal regulations that prevent businesses from growing and hiring. Repealing
the president&#8217;s disastrous health-care law to replace it with more effective and patient-centered
solutions will remain a top GOP priority.
In addition, Republicans should seize the moment and finally tackle the anvil hanging over the
country&#8217;s future &#8212; our debt and deficit problems. Fixing these issues will not be easy or
occur overnight, but there are several areas where Republicans can work with President Obama &#8212;
if he is willing to work with us.
A major component must be tax reform. There is a bipartisan consensus on the need to reform our
complicated tax code, which has grown to more than 70,000 pages of rules, costing employers time and
resources. The United States has the highest corporate tax rate among developed countries, resulting
in a large number of companies relocating overseas. Reforming the tax code to address the multitude of
special provisions that benefit only a few will make American companies more competitive and benefit
workers and families.
Other areas of potential agreement include expanding exports and new infrastructure investments.
Increasing trade means access to more markets for American companies. New trade agreements combined with
laws that adequately protect American employers and workers from unfair foreign trade will lead to job
creation and economic opportunity. Though Republicans have differences in approach with President Obama,
both sides believe there is room for compromise on meeting our country&#8217;s infrastructure needs.
Hoosiers sent me back to the Senate in 2011 to tackle the big issues we face and pass along a
stronger America to the next generation. To my great frustration, Harry Reid effectively shut down the
Senate during the past four years, stifling debate and blocking proposals that did not fit his narrow
political agenda.
This change in leadership provides a fresh start and an opportunity to move forward much-needed
measures to strengthen our security and economy. I am anxious to get to work.
Coats
in the News
Sen.
Dan Coats Responds to Kassig Beheading with Brad Byrd
Sen.
Coats 'appalled' by US aid worker's killing
Stay
Connected
To
unsubscribe please
Click
Here
Contact
Me Latest
News
