
If you are having
trouble viewing this message or would like to share it on a social
network, you can
view the
message online .
Home
About
Louise
Serving
You
Issues
25th
District
Newsroom
Blog
Multimedia
Contact
Dear David,
This year, the nation celebrates Veterans Day
on Tuesday, November 11th. Veterans Day serves as a reminder of the
debt of gratitude we owe to those brave men and women who have served
our nation in the Armed Forces. I have always been proud to work on
behalf of Monroe Countys veterans to ensure that they receive the honor
and the benefits that they deserve for their
sacrifice.
Every day, my staff and I advocate with federal agencies on behalf of our
constituents, and there is no one we work harder for than our
veterans. Right now, I am keeping in close contact with the Veterans
Administration (VA) about progress on the new state-of-the-art outpatient
clinic to serve the health care needs of our local
veterans.
Sometimes a veteran needs help with something very specific, like
housing or a job. In September, a Vietnam Veteran contacted my office late
one Friday afternoon in need of temporary housing for himself and his
daughter until they could leave homelessness behind and move into
their new apartment, which wouldnt be ready until the following week. We
contacted the local network of homeless advocates in Rochester and
secured emergency temporary housing that eased a challenging period in
their lives. I will continue to advocate for federal funding for
programs in Monroe County focusing on transitioning our homeless veterans
into stable housing.
At the 14th Annual Veterans Outreach
Center Job Expo last month, I spoke to hundreds of veterans as they
connected with over 100 local employers to demonstrate their skills,
experience, and work ethic. These events are a big reason for the progress
being made toward ensuring all veterans have good paying jobs following
their service. Weve seen the unemployment rate among veterans drop
from 6.9 percent a year ago to 4.5 percent in the October 2014 jobs
report
- but one veteran without a good paying job is one too
many.
At other times, veterans and their families need help when
they do not get the recognition he or she deserved for their service.
Recently, I worked with Lili Frindel-Voldman, the surviving daughter
of deceased WWII Army Veteran Edward Frindel, to secure a replacement
for the Purple Heart her father earned in combat. As we worked with the
Army, my staff and I discovered that her father had also earned a
Bronze Star for heroism in a combat zone and eight other medals. I was
proud to present those medals to Lili and celebrate the bravery of her
father.
If you or someone you know is struggling after their
military service, whether it ended last week or decades ago, please
reach out to my Rochester office at (585) 232-4850 for assistance. This
Veterans Day, lets remember the sacrifices that our servicemen and
women have made, and strive to honor them with a dignified return,
which includes a good paying job, a stable home, and a caring community to
support them.
Best,
Louise
Rochester Office
3120 Federal
Building
100 State Street
Rochester, NY 14614
Phone:
(585) 232-4850
Fax: (585) 232-1954
Washington D.C. Office
2469 Rayburn
HOB
Washington, D.C. 20515
Phone: (202) 225-3615
Fax:
(202) 225-7822
Unsubscribe
|
Update My Profile
|
Privacy Policy
