
HOME
|
About Mike
|
Contact YOUR Office
|
Serving You
|
Newsroom
|
Legislative Work
|
4th District
|
Resources
WEBSITE
| SHARE ON:
Greetings,
Tuesday was a very special day .
Once again, Americans went to the ballot box and voted free of coercion, corruption, or violence.
We take this for granted, but it is not as common as we wish it were in other parts of the world.
Something else made the day special.
Two bright, young, eighth grade students from Jardine STEM &amp; Career Explorations Academy accompanied Susan and me as we voted in the morning .
The students, Kierra and Oscar, won an essay contest at their school to participate in Election Day with their U.S. Congressman.
Jardine principal Lura Atherly and eighth grade social studies teacher Kristin Thompson also attended.
Jardine STEM &amp; Career Explorations Academy is centered on a national importance in education to prepare young people for the technology-rich, innovative, and global economy that 21st century students will experience as adults.
STEM stands for Science, Technology, Engineering, and Mathematics.
Kierra and Oscars teacher, Kristin Thompson, has been doing tremendous work in helping educate her students about government and the political process during this election season.
From left to right: Jardine Principal Lura Atherly
Susan, Kierra, Oscar and eighth grade teacher Kristin Thompson
Susan and I enjoyed going to the polls with Kierra and Oscar.
The students were eager to learn about the importance of democracy and the election process.
They were both so bright, well mannered, and hardworking, and Susan and I are proud to call them our friends.
Watch this video that covers the day we spent together.
Click here to watch the video.
Were so thankful that the students could join us!
Kierra and Oscar represent the bright future of America, and I am proud to be their representative.
Sincerely,
Mike Pompeo
Member of Congress
Connect With Mike
NOTE: Please
DO NOT
respond to this email as this
inbox is unattended . To contact my office please
click here
WASHINGTON, DC OFFICE
107 Cannon HOB
Washington, DC 20515
Phone:
(202) 225-6216
Fax:
(202) 225-3489
WICHITA, KS OFFICE
7701 E. Kellogg, Suite 510
Wichita, KS 67207
Phone:
(316) 262-8992
Fax:
(316) 262-5309
UPDATE SUBSCRIPTION OPTIONS
|
PRIVACY POLICY
|
CONTACT US
Click Here Click Here