DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.0 Transitional//EN" "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml1/DTD/xhtml1-transitional.dtd"
OK-04 District Update | October 31, 2014
Click here
if you have trouble viewing this email
Many Voices, One America
When our Founders dreamed of what our nation could be and built the framework for democracy to succeed, their aim was not only to protect the rights of citizens, but to also encourage nationwide participation in government.
While some Americans have answered that call by selflessly volunteering to serve in the military, representing their communities in public office or contributing in other ways to public service,
we all possess the unique opportunity to participate in government when we vote .
Throughout more than 238 years as a nation, the United States has confronted many challenges. Without question, we will continue to face other obstacles in the future, but one thing will always remain true; we face challenges together, and we always grow stronger along the way. Like our Founders, the American spirit remains optimistic, ready to face whatever lies on the road ahead, and committed to building and preserving a better future for coming generations.
Today, we live in a troubled and dangerous world. With mounting global crises that threaten our nations safety and security, we are grateful for our military service members whose courage is unwavering and readiness is strong.
J ust as our service men and women have answered the call to protect and defend freedom, we should also embrace the right we have as citizens to make our voices heard.
As was the case with previous generations, Americans remain optimistic and ready to face whatever stands before us.
Whether we face threats to our national security or economic challenges, we never lose heart or give up as Oklahomans or as Americans.
We continue to believe in our future and seek to make it better. If something is broken, we use our innovation and drive to find solutions that repair and rebuild it.
We are still the greatest nation on earth. Since our founding, hundreds of thousands have given their lives to protect and preserve freedom, including the right to vote. The least we can do is respect their courage and let our voices be heard when the opportunity comes.
That opportunity comes on
Tuesday, November 4th . Whatever your political persuasion or affiliation, I urge you to
honor those who have fought for our freedom
throughout our history and who defend our blessed land today
by exercising your right to vote.
When you express your opinion at the polls, you validate their sacrifice and make America and Oklahoma stronger and better.
Join the conversation:
As your representative, I want to keep you informed on the issues facing our district, state and country. Follow the conversation on
Twitter . You can also find me on
Facebook ,
Instagram
or
Vine
and read past editions of my weekly column
here .
Sincerely,
Tom Cole
Member of Congress
Washington, DC Office
2458 Rayburn HOB
Washington, DC 20515
Phone: (202) 225-6165
Norman
2424 Springer Dr., Suite 201
Norman, OK 73069
Phone: (405) 329-6500
Ada
100 E. 13th St., Suite 213
Ada, OK 74820
Phone: (580) 436-5375
Lawton
711 SW D Ave., Suite 201
Lawton, OK 73501
Phone: (580) 357-2131
UPDATE SUBSCRIPTION OPTIONS
|
CONTACT US
Click Here Click Here