
If you are having trouble
viewing this message or would like to share it on a social network, you
can
view the message
online .
HOME
CONTACT US
ISSUES
LEGISLATION
November 16, 2014
Dear
David,
This past week, I returned to Washington to begin the
conclusion of the 113th Congress. While we have many important legislative
priorities to tackle before January, I am looking forward to working
with the newly-elected Senate to move America towards real solutions.
Many of you have shared your thoughts on issues facing our nation and I
couldnt agree more. Among my legislative initiatives in Congress,
bringing jobs back to California, controlling Washingtons spending
problem, increasing water storage and delivery, and standing up for our
Constitutional rights remain on top of my agenda. We have a lot of work
ahead of us to get our country back on track, and I am grateful by your
support and confidence in me.
On Friday, the House took
action to action to advance one of those initiatives
the Keystone XL
pipeline.
H.R. 5682 , which passed by a 252-161
vote, would create over 40,000 American jobs and lower energy costs
throughout the country. Despite having the support of the majority of
Americans, including members of the Presidents own party, the project has
yet to receive final approval by the Obama administration. I urge the
Senate and President to put an end to the politics and start
building.
As always, it is an honor to be your voice in Washington,
and I encourage you to reach out to any of my offices if we can be of
assistance in any way. I look forward to hearing from
you!
Sincerely,
Honoring Our Veterans
On Tuesday, our
nation set aside a day to honor and thank those who have so
selflessly served and sacrificed for our country. Freedom comes at a great
price, a price that our servicemen and women have willingly paid by giving
their talents, their time, and, in many cases, their lives. I pray we
never take their sacrifice for granted.
Rep. LaMalfa
celebrating the 239th Birthday of the United States Marine Corps with Rob
Borroughs, Senior Chief Petty Officer, U.S. Navy and President/Founder of
the Northern California Veterans
Museum.
Those who have served this nation deserve
to be treated with respect and honor each and every day of the year,
which is why it is extremely disappointing that our veterans continue
to lack access to quality medical care. This past week, I had to
opportunity to question Department of Veterans Affairs Deputy Secretary
Sloan Gibson on the implementation of H.R.3230, legislation we passed that
would allow eligible veterans to use non-VA care at their local
community hospital or physicians office. Despite this measure, the VA has
yet to meet the needs of veterans, especially those in rural areas,
such as the North State. Failure to address this problem is inexcusable.
The bottom line is that our veterans must get the medical care and
attention they deserve because they have served our nation with honor,
courage, and sacrifice. In America, we must take care of those who have
sacrificed to defend our country, regardless of whether those
veterans live in cities, suburbs, or rural areas. I will continue to press
the VA and proactively fight for solutions on behalf of our
veterans.
Rep. LaMalfa questioning Deputy Secretary Sloan Gibson on
whether H.R 3230 will actually increase access to care for veterans,
especially in the North State. Click
here
to
watch.
Thanking Our Law Enforcement Officers
As we recognize
the service of our military, we must also to take time to honor those
who promote peace in our communities. This month, the tragic loss
Detective Davis and Deputy Oliver was a sobering reminder of the priceless
sacrifice that local law enforcement officers make for our safety. The
horrible acts that ended their lives are dangers that law enforcement
face daily. Those who work and volunteer in law enforcement
demonstrate courage, strength and compassion and it is important that they are
recognized for their bravery and outstanding work.
Rep. LaMalfa thanking law
enforcement agents for their service at the Placer County Law
Enforcement Agencies Annual Award
Ceremony.
Wasteful Government Spending Item of the
Week
Eastside Access Improvement
Grant
Cost
$11,800,000
Department
U.S. Department of
Transportation
Summary
This grant is one of many totaling $600 million
through the Transportation Investment Generating Economic Recovery
(TIGER) program, funding projects that have a significant impact on the
Nation, a region or a metropolitan
area."
Reason for
Funding
Grant will fund streetscape and multimodal improvements to
enhance the quality of life in the Little Tokyo neighborhood of Downtown
Los
Angeles.
Source
Department of Transportation
E-mail Updates
Yes, please
periodically send me e-mail updates.*
*By subscribing to my
e-mail updates, you are authorizing
me to send regular e-mail updates from my office to your e-mail
account.
Share on Facebook
Tell a Friend
E-mail:
Washington D.C. Office
506 Cannon HOB
Washington, DC 20515
Phone:
202-225-3076
Fax: (202) 226-0552
Oroville
District Office
1453 Downer Street,Suite A
Oroville, CA 95965
Phone: (530)
534-7100
Fax: (530) 534-7800
Redding District
Office
2885 Churn Creek Rd.,
Suite C
Redding, CA 96002
Phone: (530) 223-5898
Fax: (530)
605-4339
Auburn District Office
13626 New Airport Rd.,
Ste 106
Auburn, CA 95602
Phone: (530) 878-5035
Fax: (530) 878-5037
Unsubscribe
|
Update My Profile
|
Privacy
Policy
