
If you are having trouble viewing this message or would like
to share it on a social network, you can
view the message online .
HOME
ABOUT ME
CONSTITUENT SERVICES
NEWS
CONTACT
As the air has gotten colder and children have
grown excited for Halloween, Ive been traversing the First District
and speaking with a number of you on the road. Last week, I had the
privilege of visiting many great folks at various places and gatherings,
such as an event in King George recognizing the importance of
afterschool programs, a meeting of the Naval Support Activity South Potomac
Community Relations Council, a veterans peer support group meeting in
Fredericksburg, and a tour of the Potomac and Rappahannock
Transportation Commission in Woodbridge. The ideas and suggestions from these
folks, as well as many others, truly provide the framework for the
decisions I make in Washington.
It was also a pleasure speaking to
York High School students studying government. I enjoyed hearing their
thoughts about the important policy discussions happening in
Congress, and to explain how my background in local and state office has
helped me understand just how much of an impact Washingtons policies can
have on our localities and states. For this reason, a budget based on
the normal, expected legislative process, where budgets and
appropriations bills are passed on time, is necessary, so that our small
businesses, localities, states, and military can have some certainty over what
to expect from the federal government.
During a terrific
tour of Naval Weapons Station (NWS) Yorktown, I was able to see some of
the new construction and gain a better understanding of the
installations day-to-day operations. The men and women at NWS Yorktown are
doing a fantastic job serving and protecting this nation alongside active
duty military, DOD civilians, and the defense-contracting workforce
around the Commonwealth. These types of visits allow me to witness
firsthand the efforts of the men and women who serve this country, and
directly inform my work on the House Armed Services
Committee.
My NWS Yorktown visit is a great reminder of the importance of
continuing to fight against the disastrous defense cuts known as
sequestration, which are fast approaching. These cuts will be debilitating for
our national defense capabilities, and will have a devastating effect on
our militarys readiness. As Chairman of the House Armed Services
Readiness Subcommittee, I am eager to return to Washington and continue
sounding the alarm on the necessity of eliminating these cuts and
fighting to restore critical defense funding.
Sequestration is
just one of the issues facing our nation that must be addressed. Back
in August, I demanded that Congress remain in Washington to address
these issues, and I have been adamant since then that as long as work
remains, our elected leaders should be in the Capitol to find solutions.
I look forward to taking your thoughts and ideas back with me to
Washington.
The main streets of Virginias First District are
full of ideas to get our economy back on track, and your feedback is
critically important to me as I serve you. I can be reached by telephone
at (202) 225-4261, through my website ( www.wittman.house.gov ), on Facebook ( www.facebook.com/reprobwittman ), and via Twitter ( www.twitter.com/robwittman )
Offices
Yorktown
Office
401 Main
Street
Yorktown, VA 23690
Phone: (757) 874-6687
Fax: (757) 874-7164
View Google Directions
Stafford Office
95 Dunn Drive
Ste. 201
Stafford,
Virginia 22556
Phone: (540) 659-2734
Fax: (540)
659-2737
View Google
Directions
Tappahannock Office
508 Church Lane
Tappahannock, VA 22560
Phone: (804) 443-0668
Fax: (804) 443-0671
View Google
Directions
Washington D.C.
Office
2454 Rayburn H.O.B.
Washington, DC 20515
Phone: (202) 225-4261
Fax: (202) 225-4382
View Google Directions
Unsubscribe
|
Update My Profile
|
Privacy Policy
gateway mail
end 