
Dear David,
I've seen Bill take on many roles over the years -- from father to grandfather, from public servant to philanthropist -- but everything he's done in his life has been tied together in his belief that if we work together, tomorrow can be better than today.
When Bill left the White House, he opened the Clinton Presidential Center in Little Rock, Arkansas with a vision to continue his life's work of strengthening communities and empowering people everywhere to live their best life story.
This year we're marking a full 10 years since the Clinton Presidential Center first opened its doors. On behalf of the Clinton Foundation, I want to invite you to commemorate this moment, and to thank Bill for the lifetime of service that I hope you admire as much as I do. Click here to send a personal note of congratulations to Bill to celebrate 10 years of the Clinton Presidential Center.
Bill has devoted his life to making sure people everywhere can achieve their dreams, whether it's increasing access to life-saving HIV/AIDS medicine in Africa, helping children here in the United States live healthier lifestyles and overcome obesity, or helping more people in more places around the world get access to clean water, clean air, education, and economic opportunity. Bill has always believed we have to put people first, and that's still at the core of the work we do here at the Clinton Foundation and at the Clinton Presidential Center. The measure is simple -- are people better off than when we started? For millions around the world, the answer is yes. I hope you'll join me in saying thank you and congratulations on 10 years of the Clinton Presidential Center. Send your personal note of celebration today.
Sincerely,
Hillary Rodham Clinton
Paid for by the Democratic Congressional Campaign Committee | 430 South Capitol Street SE, Washington, DC 20003 |
(202) 863-1500
| www.dccc.org | Not authorized by any candidate or candidate's committee.
This message was sent to:
dj724530@gmail.com
| If you'd like to sign up for emails in a different account, click
here .
We believe that emails are a crucial way for our campaign to stay in touch with supporters. However, if you'd rather not receive anymore emails about the 2014 Election, click
here . If you'd just like to receive fewer emails, you can click
here .
We are already at work preparing for what's next. Early support will be critical for building our next campaign to defeat Tea Party Republicans. 99% of our contributions come from grassroots donations, with an average gift of $22. If you'd like to unsubscribe from DCCC emails, click
here . If you'd like to make an online donation, click
here . Thanks for your support of Democrats!
