
Stay
Connected
December 3, 2014
Dear Friend,
With millions of Americans falling
victim to identity theft each year, it is
the fastest growing crime in this country.
In fact, according to the Federal Trade
Commission (FTC) the number of identity
thefts has reached nearly 10 million per
year and it takes the average victim an
estimated $500 to resolve each crime. It is
important to note, however, that cases of
identity theft can be resolved if they are
caught early.
That is why as we enter the holiday
season, it is important that Ohioans take
the necessary steps to protect themselves
from becoming a victim of identity theft.
This past month, my office hosted an
Identity Theft and Scam Prevention Forum to
connect Northeast Ohioans with information
and available resources at the federal,
state, and local levels. We had
representatives from the Federal Trade
Commission, United States Postal Inspection
Service, Ohio Attorney Generals
Office, and the Rocky River Police
Department on hand to give presentations
and answer questions. Topics included
identity theft, credit and loan officers,
medical discount plans, travel scams,
telemarketing and robocalls, government
grant scams, sweepstakes and lotteries, and
charities and fundraising fraud.
For those who were unable to attend the
event, I want to relay to you some of the
precautionary measures that were shared at
our event. This includes never giving out
personal information unless you know who is
asking for it and why they need it. It is
important that you receive your free annual
credit report at www.annualcreditreport.com
and review it carefully. Additionally,
check your bank statements regularly and be
aware that you typically must file a
dispute within 60 days. Be sure to shred
documents with your information before
throwing them away. Never click on links
sent in unsolicited email. Lastly, it is
best to not carry all your credit cards
with you at one time, only the ones you
believe you will be using.
Warning signs of identity theft include
denied credit, unauthorized charges,
unfamiliar bills, and contact from debt
collectors. In order to prepare yourself
this holiday season, you may also visit
OnGuardOnline.gov for
practical tips from the federal government
and the technology industry to help you be
on guard against Internet fraud, secure
your computer, and protect your personal
information. You can also take their tests
to learn how to avoid becoming a victim of
phishing, spam, spyware and other online
scams.
If you believe that you may be a victim
of identity theft, there are resources
available to you. Ohio Attorney General
Mike DeWines Officehas created
an Identity Theft Unit to help victims of
identity theft by working with credit
reporting agencies, creditors, collectors,
and any other entity who may have
information that was obtained under
fraudulent circumstances. The unit
currently offers two programs: Traditional
Assistance and Self-Help Assistance. Under
Self-Help Assistance, you may
receive a step-by-step guide to attempt to
rectify the effects of identity theft
yourself.This includes information
and form letters to dispute charges and a
consumer advocate to help you navigate the
process. UnderTraditional Assistance
,
a consumer advocate will work
with creditors, credit agencies, and
collectors on your behalf. In order to
receive traditional assistance, you must
submit a copy of a policy report, identity
theft affidavit, and an identity theft
notification form to the Ohio Attorney
General's office.You may also contact
the Federal Trade Commission
(FTC)Consumer Response Center
at(877) FTC-HELP/(877) 382-4357 to
speak with an FTC counselor for
guidance.
Our office hosted an Identity Theft
&amp; Scam Prevention Forum to connect
Northeast Ohioans with information and
available resources at the federal,
state, and local levels.
If our office can be of assistance to
you, please don't hesitate to call us at
our Wadsworth office: (330) 334-0040, Parma
office: (440) 882-6779, or Washington
office: (202) 225-3876. I also encourage
you to visit our website at
renacci.house.gov and
subscribe to our
Facebook ,
Twitter ,
and
YouTube pages
to get the latest updates on my work in
Washington and Ohio's 16th
District.
Sincerely,
Wadsworth:
(330) 334-0040 | Parma: (440) 882-6779 |
Washington, DC: (202) 225-3876
Home
|
Privacy
Policy
|
Unsubscribe
This e-mail was sent to dj724530@gmail.com
Click here to unsubscribe
Congressman Jim Renacci
130 Cannon House Office Building
Washington, DC 20515
Phone: (202) 225-3876
Fax: (202) 225-3059