
Send me an email
|
Forward to a Friend
November 10-21, 2014
Opposed executive action on immigration
Congressman Forbes strongly
opposed
the actions taken by the President, unilaterally changing the nations immigration laws, and is committed to working with the Judiciary Committee to use every tool at its disposal to fight against the Presidents plan.
Protected religious freedom for servicemembers and chaplains
Congressman Forbes questioned witnesses at a House Armed Services Committee
hearing
on the state of religious freedom in our military, as well as on how well the Department of Defense has implemented conscience protections for servicemembers and chaplains passed by Congress.
In his questioning, he said, Just because you wear a uniform doesnt mean that you no longer have the right to express your freedom of your faith.
Supported jobs and energy independence
Congressman Forbes supported
H.R. 5682 , a bill to immediately allow the TransCanada Corporation to construct, connect, operate and maintain the pipeline and cross-border facilities known as the Keystone XL pipeline.
The bill clarifies that the January 2014 environmental impact statement issued by the State Department would be considered sufficient to satisfy all requirements of the National Environmental Policy Act and the Endangered Species Act, enabling the project to move forward.
This bill passed by a vote of 252-161.
Veterans
Recognized the service of women in the armed forces .
Congressman Forbes supported a bill,
H.R. 5441 , to amend the Federal charter of the Veterans of Foreign Wars of the United States to reflect the service of women in the Armed Forces of the United States.
This bill passed the House by voice vote.
Defense
Questioned the Secretary of Defense on ISIL Strategy.
Congressman Forbes attended a House Armed Services Committee hearing on the Administrations strategy against the Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant (ISIL) with Secretary of Defense, Chuck Hagel, and Chairman of the Joint Chiefs, General Martin Dempsey. The Congressman questioned Secretary Hagel on the financial tools that are being employed to defeat this terrorist organization.
Chaired an Armed Services Roundtable on China.
Congressman Forbes chaired a U.S.-China Economic and Security Review Commission briefing on its most recent report on Chinas military and economic growth. As Chairman of the China Caucus, Congressman Forbes is deeply interested in the rise of China and the implications it will have for Americas economic and security interests.
Foreign Affairs
Condemned human rights violations .
Congressman Forbes supported a resolution,
H.Res.754 , condemning the Government of Iran for its gross human rights violations, and calling on Iran to abide by international and domestic obligations regarding human rights and civil liberties, including freedoms of assembly, speech, and press.
This bill passed by voice vote.
Urged Chinese Ambassador to advocate for release of Chinese pastor.
Congressman Forbes joined 32 Members of Congress in sending a
letter
to Chinese Ambassador Cui Tiankai, urging him to inquire about the recent conviction of Chinese Pastor Zhang Shaojie.
Pastor Zhang was prohibited from having a fair trial and was sentenced to twelve years in prison for peacefully advocating on behalf of his church community.
Regulatory Reform
Promoted manufacturing by easing regulatory burdens.
Congressman Forbes supported the Promoting New Manufacturing Act,
H.R. 4795 , to modify the EPAs preconstruction permit program to increase transparency and reduce delays in the issuance of Clean Air Act compliant permits.
The bill requires the EPA, whenever it issues new or revised air quality standards, to concurrently publish regulations and guidance that are designed to help states, permitting authorities and permit applicants in the implementation of those new standards.
This bill passed by a vote of 238-172.
Called for protections for consumers and businesses.
Congressman Forbes joined members of the Virginia Congressional Delegation in sending a
letter
to Governor McAuliffe requesting that he halt the implementation of the EPAs Clean Power Plan for carbon emissions.
The letter raised concerns regarding the negative impact the Plan may have on the economy and energy costs in the Commonwealth.
Sought regulatory relief for community financial institutions.
Congressman Forbes sent a
letter
to the Director of the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau expressing his concerns with the Bureaus plan to expand the reporting requirements for financial institutions in accordance with the Home Mortgage Disclosure Act.
Government Reform
Reduced waste in government .
Congressman Forbes supported the Government Reports Elimination Act,
H.R. 4194 , to eliminate unnecessary or duplicative reports to Congress from federal agencies.
This bill passed by a vote of 382-0.
Telecommunications
Ensured service for satellite television subscribers . Congressman Forbes supported the STELA Reauthorization Act,
H.R. 5728 , which extends for five years, until Jan. 1, 2020, the authority for satellite television carriers to retransmit to rural and remote households the signals of distant network broadcasts.
This bill passed by voice vote.
About Washington Update
Washington Update serves as a resource to the constituents of the Fourth Congressional District of Virginia on the work of Congressman Forbes. It is published weekly while Congress is in session. Hyperlinks to bill information are provided if the information disseminated by the House of Representatives is available at the time of distribution.
As always, Congressman Forbes welcomes your comments. To share your thoughts on legislation, votes or issues, please visit
http://randyforbes.house.gov
to send an e-mail or call any of Congressman Forbes' three district offices.
Home
|
Contact
|
Forward to a Friend
|
Unsubscribe
|
Subscribe
|
Privacy
|
Office Locations
Please do not reply to this message. This email address does not accept incoming messages. To send an email,
click here .
Click Here Click Here