
Managing Ebola in the United States
Tuesday, October 28, 2014
Ebola Crisis At Home
Photo Courtesy of the House Committee on Oversight and Government Reform
Click here to view my full Q&amp;A during this hearing
I want to update you on what I have been doing regarding Ebola in America.
I am grateful our prayers have been answered and the two brave nurses who treated the first Ebola patient at Texas Health Presbyterian Hospital have been found to be Ebola free. Unfortunately, we have not solved the Ebola crisis yet.
News of a confirmed case of Ebola in our countrys largest metropolitan hub, New York City, reiterates the need outlined in a letter to President Obama that I co-signed (along with many members of the Texas delegation) calling for the implementation of an immediate travel ban to and from the Ebola afflicted countries of Liberia, Sierra Leone, and Guinea. I take the health and safety of the American people very seriously and believe it is best to err on the side of caution. An immediate travel ban is the only way we can make sure the disease does not spread to American and remains contained so that health officials abroad can better manage the situation.
I would rather err on the side of caution than to not err at all.
This past Friday, I traveled back to Washington, D.C. to participate in a hearing held by the House Committee on Oversight and Government Reform (OGR). During the hearing I was able to voice my concerns and grill Administration officials about travel bans, the safety of the military personnel charged with building infrastructure in afflicted countries, and address the finger pointing I witnessed at the Homeland Security field hearing I attended in Dallas. What concerned me the most was when the Center for Disease Control (CDC) threw the nurses under the bus by saying they did not follow proper protocol when handling patient zero in Dallas. My wife Debbie is a nurse, and I have the utmost respect for medical professionals who risk their lives in dealing with deadly infectious diseases such as Ebola.
Finally, my colleague and dear friend, US Representative Trey Gowdy (R-SC) and I voiced our disapproval during the OGR hearing of the appointment of the Ebola Czar, Ron Klain. I believe Klain's appointment was a political move by the Obama Administration. Mr. Klain has no background in medicine or epidemiology, but rather is someone who has spun the media in favor of the Democrats. I do not believe we are being told the whole truth about Ebola and I will continue to push for answers on behalf of the people I represent.
Speaking With our Veterans
Last Wednesday, I had the honor of being the Keynote Speaker at the 2014 National Conference of the Fleet Reserve Association (FRA). The FRA is a Congressionally Chartered Veterans Organization that supports Navy, Marine, and Coast Guard Veterans.
I have always maintained a strong commitment to those who have served our country. Thats why I am a strong supporter of legislation that will insure our veterans receive the benefits they deserve and need.
H.R. 3230 , the Veterans' Access to Care Through Choice, Accountability and Transparency Act, is a bi-partisan effort to make the necessary reforms to improve patient care and accessibility at Veteran Affairs (VA) clinics and private clinics. This bill will help our veterans get access to care when they face the unacceptable wait times that I, and so many of you have heard about.
I have also co-authored
H.R. 5229 , the Wounded Warriors Federal Leave Act of 2014. This legislation would give veterans time to receive treatment during their first year of employment in our federal government for both physical and mental wounds suffered while protecting our freedoms.
During my speech I addressed issues of retirement pay, Tricare and Veterans Health Care, National Defense, and other important Veterans topics. Additionally, I mentioned my intention to become a co-sponsor of
H.R. 543 , the Navy Vietnam Veterans Act of 2013, when we return to Washington in November. In 1991 the Agent Orange Equity Act was passed unanimously and gave presumption to all Vietnam Combat Veterans, including the Blue Water Navy. In 2002, the benefits were stripped from the Navy veterans serving offshore. This places them on a very long wait list to receive service connected health benefits and disability compensation. This is unacceptable to these veterans who were promised to be cared for when they returned to our country.
Helping Those in Need
On Tuesday morning, October 14th, I helped with the monthly food distribution at the food bank run by the South Texas Colonia Initiative. Staff from my office regularly attends this event. It was a great honor to meet and speak with the people I serve in the community.
I want to take the time to acknowledge the hard work and countless hours put in by Lionel and Juanita Lopez as leaders of the South Texas Colonia Initiative. Their efforts exemplify the community spirit that makes me proud to represent the 27th Congressional District of Texas.
Growing Our Economy
Also on Tuesday, October 14th, I attended the Port of Corpus Christi Commissions Monthly Meeting and addressed the progress we have made in our local transportation infrastructure. In my last two years serving as your Congressman we've had many successes.
These include funding for the Harbor Bridge Replacement Project, designating parts of US 77 and US 59 as Interstate 69, the passage of
H.R. 3080 , the Water Resources Reform and Development Act of 2014 (WRRDA), which provides funding to our Ports, allowing them to bring more industry to our area, more jobs and growing our local economy. I have also worked with the Port Commission on TIGER Grants for improved rail service.
Some of our other successes include receiving funding for the completion of the Port of Corpus Christi-La Quinta Channel Extension dredging project and our partnership with
Tianjin Pipe Corporation (TPCO) to help bring thousands of jobs to South Texas while strengthening our Port's infrastructure.
The Port Commissioners are a hard working group of citizens and I applaud them for all they do to make sure we keep our industry moving forward and our economy competitive.
CONNECT
LATEST NEWS
Republicans push for NFL hearing
The Hill
GOP blasts Ebola czar pick
The Hill
White House Touts Ebola Czar Ron Klains Ties to Congress (Updated)
Roll Call
Panel's G.O.P. Chairman Steps Up Criticism of Ebola Response
New York Times
TECH BYTES: You buy it, you own it. But what if you leased it?
Institute for Policy Innovation
Could open enrollment determine the Senate?
Changing tactics on Ebola
Measuring Congressional districts by patient safety
Politico
SNAPSHOTS
10/24- I participated in a House Oversight and Government Reform Committee hearing where I questioned Administration officials over the response to the Ebola cases here in the US.
10/22- I had the privilege of presented a certificate to The Junior League of Corpus Christi during the Ribbon Cutting Ceremony they had at Cole Park for the outstanding job they do for our community.
10/20- I spoke with the residents of Trinity Towers at "Coffee with Your Congressman" in an open discussion regarding their concerns on many hot topic issues facing our country.
10/16
I attend the Corpus Christi Coffee Club hosted by Rey Madrigal invited me to speak to citizens of speak and to answer questions from the people of the 27th District. I want to thank Mr. Madrigal for hosting this event as well as Mr. Mingo Sevilla and his son Jose Sevilla for opening Taqueria Garibaldi as a venue for this event.
10/15- I spoke at the 2014 National Conference of the Fleet Reserve Association where I addressed important topics for all veterans such as retirement pay, Tricare and Veteran Healthcare, and National Defense.
10/14- I spent time with the AP Senior Government class in Robstown High School where I shared with the class a quick overview of my job in Washington, the legislative process, and my engagement with my constituents. I want to thank Professor Edward Roeder for allowing me to visit with his class.
10/14- I attended the Port Commissions Monthly meeting and thanked them for the successes we have worked together on, including bringing new industry and jobs to the area, Highway 69, the Harbor Bridge Project, La Quinta, rail expansion and more.
10/14-I had the privilege to volunteer my time and help the South Texas Colonia Initiative distribute food to the constituents of the 27th District in Banquete. I want to thank Lionel and Juanita Lopez for the outstanding job they do, not only in Banquete, but throughout Nueces County.
WEBSITE
|
UNSUBSCRIBE
|
CONTACT
Click Here Click Here