
Official Site
Constituent Services
News
Contact
Senator McConnell&rsquo;s eNewsletter - - Week of November 10, 2014
Senator McConnell Unanimously Elected to Serve as Majority Leader for the 114th Congress
Senator Mitch McConnell was unanimously re-elected by his colleagues this week to serve as Republican Leader for the 114th Congress.
Senator McConnell is only the second Kentuckian to lead his party in the U.S. Senate.
The other Senator from Kentucky to serve as his party&rsquo;s leader was Alben Barkley.
Senator McConnell and Senate GOP Leaders at a media stakeout in the U.S. Capitol.
This is the fifth time Senator McConnell has been elected to serve as Senate Republican Leader and this is the first time he will serve as the United States Senate Majority Leader.
&ldquo;We&rsquo;ve assembled a great leadership team that will focus on getting the Senate working again, and passing legislation to help create jobs, improve the economy and continue moving our nation towards energy independence,&rdquo; said McConnell following the leadership elections. &ldquo;We are eager to work towards bipartisan agreements and to implement real legislative accomplishments.&rdquo;
Click
HERE
to read a story in the
Glasgow Daily Times
in Barren County, Kentucky.
Senator McConnell Welcomes New Members of the Senate
&lsquo;We're really excited about having a great new bunch here&hellip;and to begin to make progress for the American people.&rsquo;
This week, Senator McConnell welcomed the GOP Senators-elect to his leadership office in the United State Senate.
Click the image below to view the Senator&rsquo;s welcoming remarks.
Honoring Our Nation&rsquo;s Veterans
On Tuesday, our nation celebrated Veterans Day and honored America&rsquo;s veterans. Senator McConnell is proud to represent Kentucky&rsquo;s veterans in the U.S. Senate. He said:
&ldquo;Kentucky has a proud and venerable military history as home to both Fort Knox and Fort Campbell, with thousands of soldiers and their families. The Commonwealth also looks with great pride upon the scores of brave National Guard members and Reservists who have given much to defend our nation. And Kentucky is home to more than 330,000 veterans who have served bravely in uniform. They were willing to sacrifice their all for their country&hellip;So this Veterans Day, we recognize the service of every veteran who has served with honor and courage. We extend thanks to every man and woman in uniform. And we especially pay tribute to those who gave their lives for their country.&rdquo;
Earlier this year, Senator McConnell was honored to visit with Kentucky Heroes at the Louisville International Airport prior to their Honor Flight to the Nation&rsquo;s Capital.
Senate Democrats Drop Objection to Keystone Vote
On Wednesday, Senator McConnell issued the following statement on the agreement to hold a Senate vote on construction of the Keystone XL Pipeline:
&ldquo;The American people have elected a new Republican Majority in the Senate and that has already made a difference. I was glad to see that Senate Democrats have finally backed off trying to obstruct construction of the Keystone XL Pipeline, the single largest shovel-ready project in America. I hope this post-election conversion on Keystone signals Democrat cooperation on a whole host of other energy bills they have blocked, and whose passage would help to make America more energy-independent.&rdquo;
On Thursday, Senator McConnell spoke on the Senate Floor in support of the Keystone XL Pipeline as it is the biggest shovel-ready, private-sector jobs project in America. If approved, the Keystone XL Pipeline&mdash;which runs from Alberta, Canada, down through the Midwestern U.S., and ends in the Gulf Coast&mdash;would create an abundance of construction jobs to help put America back to work and would reduce our dependence on sources of energy from unfriendly countries overseas. This pipeline project has bipartisan support from Republicans and Democrats in Congress, labor unions, and the Chamber of Commerce.
Senator McConnell speaks about the Keystone XL Pipeline on the Senate Floor.
In the Media
This week, Senator McConnell joined Terry Meiners on 84WHAS-Radio in Louisville, Greg Dunker on WKYX-Radio in Paducah, Lee Cruse on WVLK-Radio in Lexington, and Reverend Gregg Anderson on WBRT-Radio in Bardstown. Senator McConnell also sat down in his leadership office with Jim Carroll of the Louisville
Courier-Journal . Senator McConnell discussed issues important to Kentucky that he will prioritize as Majority Leader next year. Senator McConnell will continue to fight against the President&rsquo;s War on Coal and help Kentucky jobs and the economy in the Commonwealth.
Visiting our Nation's Capital
If you&rsquo;re planning a trip to Washington, D.C., please check out Senator McConnell's
website
and visit his office while you are in town. Every week, Senator McConnell welcomes to his office in the U.S. Capitol many Kentuckians from across the Commonwealth to discuss issues of importance to Kentucky. Also, the Senator&rsquo;s office has information on tours, places to visit and local restaurants to help make your trip to the nation&rsquo;s capital one to remember.
Keeping Up With Senator McConnell
Keep up with the latest news and alerts from our nation&rsquo;s capital as well as updates on things happening back home in Kentucky by becoming a fan of Senator McConnell&rsquo;s
Facebook
page, and get the latest news from Senator McConnell&rsquo;s press office on Twitter at
@McConnellPress . Senator McConnell is also on Instagram - Follow him at
@McConnellPress .
Get this newsletter delivered to your inbox by signing up
HERE
Official Site
|
Privacy Policy
|
Unsubscribe
