DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.0 Transitional//EN" "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml1/DTD/xhtml1-transitional.dtd"
Send me an email |
Forward to a Friend
FOR IMMEDIATE RELEASE
202-225-6365
12/5/14
Forbes Praises Asia-Pacific Security Provisions in NDAA
Washington, D.C.
Congressman J. Randy Forbes (VA-04), Chairman of the House Armed Services Seapower and Projection Forces Subcommittee and Co-Chairman of the Congressional China Caucus, praised the inclusion of numerous Asia-Pacific security provisions in the FY15 National Defense Authorization Act (NDAA), which passed the House of Representatives on Thursday, December 4, 2014:
I am pleased that these bipartisan provisions have been included in the NDAA, Congressman Forbes said. This bill takes significant steps towards restoring a favorable military balance in the Asia-Pacific and strengthens cooperation with allies and partners in the region. This represents an important first step in rebalancing the Congress toward a more active role in overseeing U.S. security interests in Asia. I also want to thank Rep. Colleen Hanabusa for her tireless work with me on these important issues over the past year.
Asia-Pacific security provisions championed by Congressman Forbes and included in the NDAA include:
Requiring an independent assessment of United States military strategy and force posture in the U.S. Pacific Command area of operations. This provision (Section 1059) directs the Secretary of Defense to commission an independent review of the United States Asia-Pacific rebalance.
Soliciting an independent assessment of anti-access and area-denial challenges.
The provision (Section 1257)
requires the Secretary of Defense to seek an outside evaluation of the A2/AD capabilities of potential adversaries.
Requiring a DoD Study of the cross-strait military balance for Taiwan's security. The provision (Section 1256) directs the Department of Defense to submit a report on the cross-strait balance of forces between China and Taiwan, and reiterates Americas longstanding commitment to Taiwan's security. Section 1259A also encourages the Administration to extend an invitation to Taiwan to participate in future multilateral exercises, such as the Pacific Partnership, Pacific Angel, and the Rim of the Pacific (RIMPAC), to enhance the Taiwanese Navys ability to contribute to regional peace and stability.
Requiring United States Pacific Command to develop a munitions strategy. The provision (Section 1254) requires the Secretary of Defense to submit a report to Congress with a strategy for the munitions that will be required to uphold U.S. security commitments in the Asia-Pacific.
Reaffirming commitment to the U.S.-Japan and U.S.-ROK alliance. The provision (Section 1258) expresses the Sense of Congress that the U.S. partnership with Japan and the Republic of Korea have been a cornerstone of Asia-Pacific peace and prosperity for more than half a century, and that every effort should be made going forward to increase these partnerships.
Requiring an assessment of opportunities for greater missile defense cooperation with Japan and South Korea. This provision (Section 1255) directs the Secretary of Defense to submit an assessment looking for new opportunities to collaborate with Japan and South Korea on Asia-Pacific missile defense, in addition to looking for promising new capabilities to improve short-range missile, rocket, and artillery defenses.
Requiring a DoD Strategy for the Asia-Pacific Region. The provision (Section 1251) directs the Secretary of Defense to submit a report containing the strategy of the Department of Defense to prioritize United States defense interests in the Asia-Pacific region.
# # #
Home
|
Contact
|
Forward to a Friend
|
Unsubscribe
|
Subscribe
|
Privacy
|
Office Locations
Please do not reply to this message. This email address does not accept incoming messages. To send an email,
click here .
Click Here Click Here