
NOV
14
News From Senator Ayotte's Office
Dear Friends,
With Congress back in session this week, I was pleased that the House approved bipartisan
legislation
I introduced with Senator Mark Warner (D-VA) that will save taxpayer dollars by eliminating more than 50 unnecessary government reports.
While this is a positive step toward making government smaller and smarter, there are additional areas where we can achieve savings, and Senator Warner and I introduced new legislation targeting another 67 reports for modification and elimination.
The House also passed the
Sunscreen Innovation Act
- a bipartisan bill I cosponsored that aims to streamline the approval process to bring safe and effective sunscreens to consumers as quickly as possible.
Both bills now head to the president's desk to be signed into law.
I'm also pleased that the Senate voted yesterday to move forward with a bipartisan proposal I'm backing to reauthorize the Child Care and Development Block Grant program, which will help working families in New Hampshire and nationwide better afford child care.
The Senate is expected to vote on final passage of the legislation next week.
Click
here
to read more about this bill.
This week, I was glad to take part in several tributes to New Hampshire's veterans and thank them for their courageous service to our nation.
On Saturday, I had the privilege to help present military medals to Manchester resident Martin Roy, a U.S. Navy veteran who served in World War II and survived an attack on the USS Franklin.
Martin celebrated his 100 th
birthday on Veterans Day, and I was so pleased to see him receive the recognition he deserves for his service to our nation as part of the "Greatest Generation."
See below for more about Martin's service.
On Tuesday, I joined hundreds of veterans from across our state for the annual Veterans Day observance at the New Hampshire State Veterans Cemetery in Boscawen.
Later that day in Whitefield, I helped dedicate the new M-60 battle tank that will be proudly displayed at American Legion Post 41.
The tank has served our veterans well, and it will be an enduring reminder of the service and sacrifice of the generations of brave Americans who have defended our freedom.
Today I visited UTC Aerospace Systems' Westford, Massachusetts facility which employs over 140 residents from New Hampshire.
UTC is an important employer in the region and a significant aerospace and defense supplier, and I appreciated the opportunity to hear from workers and see first-hand the facility's innovative design and manufacturing operations.
Please read on for more news and photos from this week, and have a great weekend!
Ayotte Joins Veterans from Across NH for Veterans Day Tributes
Senator Ayotte participated in the annual Veterans Day observance at the NH State Veterans Cemetery in Boscawen.
Several hundred New Hampshire veterans attended Tuesday's ceremony.
At the dedication of the new M-60 tank display at American Legion Post 41 in Whitefield.
Senator Ayotte with U.S. Navy veteran Martin Roy of Manchester.
Navy veteran honored, and he's turning 100
By Doug Alden
Union Leader
November 9, 2014
MANCHESTER - Martin Roy will celebrate his 100th birthday with some very personal gifts that were earned rather than purchased.
Roy officially becomes a centenarian on Tuesday, which also happens to be Veterans Day. And in recognition of both, his family managed to get him replacements for some of the medals and ribbons he received for his service in the Navy during World War II.
"I was very surprised," Roy said, seated comfortably in a room full of family and friends at Intervale Country Club.
There were also some visitors who were there to thank Roy personally for his service and wish him a happy 100th. U.S. Sen. Kelly Ayotte, Mayor Ted Gatsas and Cmdr. David Kenney of the Navy Operational Support Center.
The family contacted Kenney months ago to see if there was any way to replace the service awards for her father-in-law on his 100th birthday.
Martin's son, Paul Roy, said he also sent copies of military records documenting the service of his father from 1943-45. Among the documents the family has preserved is a letter of thanks written to Roy shortly after he was honorably discharged from the Navy. The letter was signed by James Forrestal, who was Secretary of the Navy at the time and would be appointed the country's first Secretary of Defense.
On Saturday, Kenney presented Roy with a framed letter from the current Secretary of the Navy, Ray Mabus, congratulating him on his upcoming birthday and thanking him again. Roy held the framed letter on his lap throughout the ceremony and several rounds of photos with his children, grandchildren and great-grandchildren.
Read more.
Ayotte Applauds Final Congressional Approval of Bipartisan Legislation Eliminating Unnecessary Federal Reports
Senator Ayotte and Senator Mark Warner (D-VA) applauded the House passage of the Government Reports Elimination Act (H.R. 4194) this week, a bipartisan initiative to eliminate or modify more than 50 unnecessary, outdated, or duplicative federal reports required of more than a dozen federal agencies. House passage, which followed unanimous Senate approval of the companion Warner-Ayotte version on September 16, means the bipartisan legislation now goes to the President to be signed into law. Among the reports to be eliminated under the legislation: a Department of Homeland Security annual report on illegal imports of products made with dog or cat fur, and a Department of Agriculture report on the number of acres of peanuts planted each year.
Additionally, Senators Warner and Ayotte also introduced the Reports Reduction Act of 2014, which would eliminate or modify an additional 67 unnecessary reports.
"The elimination of 50 government reports is a positive first step toward making government smaller and smarter, but there are additional areas where we can achieve savings," said Sen. Ayotte. "Senator Warner and I have identified additional reports that can be eliminated or modified in an effort to streamline government, and we'll continue our efforts to protect taxpayers by eliminating duplication and waste in federal programs and making government more efficient."
Click here
to read more in
The Washington Post.
House Passes Ayotte-Backed Sunscreen Innovation Act
The House of Representatives this week has passed the Sunscreen Innovation Act - bipartisan legislation cosponsored by Senator Ayotte that aims to streamline the approval process to bring safe and effective sunscreens to consumers as quickly as possible. The bill seeks to break a logjam at the Food and Drug Administration (FDA), where some sunscreen ingredients that are widely used in foreign markets - such as Canada and Europe - have been stuck in the approval process for 12 years.
It now goes to the President for his signature.
Ingredients in over-the-counter sunscreens must be approved by the FDA, which hasn't added to its list of approved sunscreen ingredients since 1999 - even though sunscreen with new ingredients has been available in foreign markets including Europe, Canada, Asia and South America for 15 years.
Read more.
Photos of the Week
State Represenative-Elect Eric Schleien (Hudson) stopped by Coffee with Kelly.
Senator Ayotte met with Doctor Barry Smith, Professor Emeritus of Obstetrics and Gynecology at The Geisel School of Medicine at Dartmouth College.
Photo Credit: Kim Houghton,
Union Leader
Joe marching with Jake and his Cub Scouts troop at the Veterans Day parade in Nashua on Tuesday.
CLICK HERE TO SHARE THIS NEWSLETTER
Warm Regards,
Kelly Ayotte
United States Senator
Email Kelly
Manchester Office
1200 Elm Street, Suite 2
Manchester, NH 03101 Phone:
603-622-7979
Nashua Office
144 Main Street
Nashua, NH 03060 Phone:
603-880-3335
North Country Office 19 Pleasant Street, Suite 13B
Berlin, NH 03570 Phone:
603-752-7702 Fax:
603-752-7704
Portsmouth Office
14 Manchester Square, Ste 140
Portsmouth, NH 03801 Phone:
603-436-7161
Washington, DC
144 Russell Senate Office Building
Washington, DC 20510
Phone:
202-224-3324
Email Kelly
|
ayotte.senate.gov
|
Unsubscribe
