DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.0 Transitional//EN" "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml1/DTD/xhtml1-transitional.dtd"
If you are having trouble reading this email,
please view the web version .
Two More Health Bills About to Become Law
Yesterday, the House of Representatives unanimously passed two bills that the Health Subcommittee has been working on. The first, the Sunscreen Innovation Act, establishes a more effective review process for new sunscreen ingredients. The FDA has failed to approve any new ingredient in a decade, even as more effective sunscreens have come to the market and been proven safe in Europe. Skin cancers are a growing health threat, yet Americans dont have the best tools to prevent them. The second bill, the Traumatic Brain Injury Reauthorization Act, renews programs to help track and reduce head injuries.
Health Subcommittee Holds Hearing on Ebola Treatments
Next week, I will be chairing a Health Subcommittee hearing to look at our various efforts to create vaccines and treatments for Ebola. While the disease isnt making the same big headlines, the epidemic is far from over in Africa. In fact, the nation of Mali has had a small outbreak. Hopefully, it will be contained, but there is still a great risk that Ebola will spread rapidly in other places with poor medical systems. This would once again increase the risk for infected persons to make it into the U.S. Next week, Im hoping to hear much more about the vaccine trials being conducted right now. It would be good if these vaccines could be widely-deployed soon, however, we need to make sure that they work and do not have negative side effects. The hearing will be available on Wednesday
HERE .
Keystone XL Legislation Passes House, May Get Senate Consideration
Today, the House passed legislation to allow construction of the Keystone XL pipeline to move forward. With the Democrats losing the Senate next year, Harry Reid has finally consented to let the chamber vote on a similar bill. The bill may struggle to get the 60 votes necessary for passage this year. If it doesnt pass this year, it will probably come up again early next year. Its long past time that the President stopped standing in the way of a project that will create jobs and keep energy prices down.
Cures Initiative Could be Bright Spot Next Congress
Inside Health Policys FDA Week noted that the Energy and Commerce Committees 21st Century Cures initiative could be a bright spot for the new GOP Congress next year. While the initiative is bipartisan, if Mitch McConnell keeps his promises to run a more open Senate, then many of the proposals we are working on right now could get votes. Read the complete article
HERE .
Op-ed of the Week: Yes, They Knew They Were Lying
Political debates are arguments about what the future will look like. But no one actually has a crystal ball. Elected leaders will always try to put forward the most optimistic outcome of their proposals. But in politics, there is a difference between lying and being wrong about the future.
READ MORE
Facebook
Podcast
Tell Joe Your Opinion
Issues
The 16th District
Ask Joe For Help
The Government
Legislation
Press
About Joe Pitts
Photo Gallery
Please feel free to
forward this email to your friends and family .
Recent Videos
Obamacare and the "Stupidity" of the American Voter
Rep. Pitts highlights remarks from an Obamacare architect who bragged about the law's lack of transparency.
Stopping Illicit Steroids
Rep. Pitts discusses his bill to prevent designer anabolic steroids from being sold on the market as supplements.
Washington, D.C. Office
420 Cannon House Office Building
Washington, DC 20515
(1st Street and Independence Avenue)
202-225-2411
202-225-2013 (fax)
Chester County Office
Post Office Box 837
Unionville, PA 19375
(Routes 82 and 926)
610-444-4581
610-444-5750 (fax)
Lancaster Office
150 North Queen Street
Suite 716 (7th floor)
Lancaster, PA 17603
717-393-0667
717-393-0924 (fax)
Click Here Click Here