
Friday, November 21, 2014
WEBSITE
|
FORWARD TO A FRIEND
| SHARE ON:
House Passes Bill to Help Our Indian River Lagoon
Last week, the U.S. House of Representatives passed legislation to reauthorize funding for the National Estuary Program (NEP) for the next five years. This important program helps protect and improve some of our nations most at risk waterways, including the Indian River Lagoon, which has been devastated by toxic algae in recent years that hurts our unique ecosystem and our local economy.
NEP funds local projects that help improve water quality, protect threatened species, and coordinate local agencies to respond to other urgent needs.
In our own backyard, these projects include wetland restoration, shellfish rehabilitation, freshwater discharge management, and other approaches that benefit the health of our waterways on the Treasure Coast and across the nation.
Rep. Murphy took to the House floor to speak in support of legislation to reauthorize the National Estuary Program, which included a competitive award program he proposed to help the Indian River Lagoon.
Click here to watch.
I was pleased to see this NEP reauthorization includes a competitive award program that I proposed along with fellow Florida Congressman Bill Posey to help estuaries most at risk, like our Indian River Lagoon.
Our bipartisan bill, the
Estuary Urgent Needs Priority Program Act ,
would put the focus where needs are greatest by directing the Environmental Protection Agency to provide additional funds for estuaries that are experiencing urgent and challenging ecological problems including sea grass loss, reoccurring harmful algal blooms, invasive exotic species or jellyfish proliferation.
It was great to see the House come together and act swiftly to reauthorize this bipartisan and cost-effective bill necessary for our countrys coastal ecosystems and the economies that rely on their well-being, and I hope to see the Senate act expeditiously to do the same.
Feel free to share this newsletter with others who may be interested in staying up to date on the fight for our waterways and other issues impacting our community. To receive future email updates like this one,
click here .
SURVEY
While much progress has been made in the past year to help protect our local waterways, there is still more work to do.
In the 114th Congress, I will continue advocating to improve the health of the St. Lucie River and Indian River Lagoon.
Which of the following initiatives do you hope to see addressed first in the 114th Congress?
- Urging Congress to pass bipartisan legislation to authorize the Central Everglades Planning Project
- Working to increase federal support for water farming projects that would store water and prevent harmful run-off from flowing into area waterways
- Calling on the Administration to continue fully funding the C-44 Indian River Lagoon South Project to keep it moving forward in its second phase
-Other
Click here to weigh in.
NOTE: Please DO NOT respond to this email as this inbox is unattended. To contact my office please
click here
UPDATE SUBSCRIPTION OPTIONS
|
PRIVACY POLICY
|
CONTACT US
Click Here Click Here