
OCT
31
News From Senator Ayotte's Office
Dear Friends,
This week, I was honored to attend a deployment ceremony in Concord for the men of women of the New Hampshire Army National Guard's Operational Support Airlift Detachment 18 who are deploying to Kuwait.
Our citizen soldiers are the reason we remain safe and free, and I'm deeply grateful for their tremendous sacrifice and their willingness to answer our nation's call to serve.
They and their families will be in my thoughts and prayers during the next several months, and I look forward to the day when we can welcome Detachment 18 safely home to New Hampshire.
In Amherst on Tuesday, I was glad to join the New Hampshire Coalition Against Domestic and Sexual Violence at their annual Hall of Fame luncheon, which recognized several individuals for their outstanding dedication to preventing domestic and sexual violence in our state.
Their commitment is truly making a difference, and the people of New Hampshire are safer because of their efforts.
I'll continue to support the Coalition's important work to ensure that victims of these terrible crimes get the proper support and services they deserve.
Also this week, I joined students and campus administrators at UNH for a discussion about campus safety and efforts to prevent sexual assaults on campus.
I appreciated the opportunity to gain input from members of the UNH community on bipartisan legislation I helped introduce to prevent sexual assaults on campuses across the U.S., strengthen accountability and transparency at colleges and universities, and better support survivors.
UNH is helping lead the way on this issue, and I look forward to continuing this important dialogue at other colleges and universities across our state.
If you're a small business owner trying to develop an online presence, mark your calendar for two workshops Google is hosting in New Hampshire next week to help entrepreneurs create websites, advertise online, and use other online tools to market products and attract customers.
Scroll down for details.
Have a safe and Happy Halloween!
Deployment Ceremony for NH Army National Guard Members
In Concord on Wednesday, Senator Ayotte attended a deployment ceremony for members of the New Hampshire National Guard Operational Support Airlift Detachment 18, who were preparing to deploy to Kuwait.
Detachment 18 will conduct transport missions throughout the broader Middle East-including Afghanistan.
Ayotte Praises UNH Efforts on Preventing Campus Sexual Assault
Tackling sexual violence: Ayotte lauds UNH for being at the forefront By Morgan Palmer Foster's Daily Democrat October 29, 2014
...
Ayotte spoke with members of the UNH Police Department, Prevention Innovations, SHARPP (Sexual Harassment and Rape Prevention Program), representatives from Student and Academic Services and several other faculty members about The Campus Accountability and Safety Act, which she has co-sponsored with several other senators from around the country.
The Campus and Accountability and Safety Act would create incentives for colleges and universities to better protect their students, and penalize those which don't meet these standards. Colleges could be subject to a fine equal to 1 percent of the school's operating budget if they do not comply.
...
"What prompted this legislation that I'm a co-sponsor of ... is there was a great inconsistency in who was investigating sexual assaults," she said.
UNH, however, has been lauded for its already implemented sexual assault prevention programs, even being nominated by a White House task force as one of three universities to come up with sexual assault prevention and policy training for incoming college students.
UNH Police Chief Paul Dean said what UNH has done to prevent and deal with sexual violence on campus could be implemented at other schools nationwide.
"This model can be transformed on any campus, but they've got to put it there. Your legislation will be a building block to do that," he said to Ayotte.
Read more.
Google to Host "New Hampshire Get Your Business Online" Workshops
Did you know that 53 percent of New Hampshire small businesses don't have a website?
Next week, Google experts will host "New Hampshire Get Your Business Online" workshops in New Castle and Nashua to provide local business owners with free, step by step guidance about how to create websites, advertise online, and use other online tools to market products and attract customers.
New Hampshire Get Your Business Online
Thursday, November 6 9:00 AM - 12:00 PM
Wentworth by the Sea
588 Wentworth Road
New Castle
Friday, November 7
10:00 AM - 1:00 PM
Radisson Hotel Nashua
11 Tara Boulevard
Nashua
New Hampshire small businesses can register to attend at
www.NewHampshireGetOnline.com
Ayotte Calls on President to Suspend Transfers of Gitmo Detainees
Senator Ayotte called on the president this week to suspend any further transfers of Guantanamo Bay detainees following a
report
that former Guantanamo detainees are suspected of joining ISIS and other terrorist groups in Syria.
In a letter to President Obama, Ayotte also requested that the administration provide information regarding former Guantanamo detainees who have joined ISIS and urged officials to take steps to prevent this from occurring.
"At a time when ISIS presents a growing threat to our homeland and our national security interests abroad and when former Guantanamo detainees are reported to be fighting with ISIS, the last thing we should be doing is making it easier to transfer Guantanamo detainees to other countries," Ayotte said in a statement. "Our troops should never have to confront a former Guantanamo detainee on the battlefield, and we should undertake every effort to ensure that does not happen."
Read the letter.
Ayotte Discusses Increased Security at U.S. Federal Buildings in Light of Canada Attacks &amp; ISIS Threat
Senator Ayotte joined host Greta Van Susteren on
Fox News
this week to discuss the Department of Homeland Security's announcement that it will increase security at U.S. Federal buildings in the wake of last week's attack in Canada and the continued threat of ISIS.
Ayotte, a member of the Senate Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs Committee, also expressed concerns regarding the number of Americans and Western passport holders who are fighting with ISIS and who could pose a threat to the U.S. homeland. Ayotte has filed a bill that calls on the Secretary of State to use his existing authority to revoke passports of citizens whose activities with ISIS abroad threaten our national security.
She also called for a strategy-both at home and in the Middle East-that reflects the severity of the ISIS threat.
Click here
for video.
Photos of the Week
On Tuesday in Manchester, Senator Ayotte attended the Veterans Count Salute Our Soldiers breakfast where she visited with Junior ROTC students from West High School.
From left to right: Bradley Ewing, Bre-anna Schleicher, Senator Ayotte, Justin Cheney and Laura Svitak.
.
Senator Ayotte at the
New Hampshire Coalition Against Domestic and Sexual Violence Hall of Fame luncheon with board members Peggy O'Neil and Jenn Turco Beaudet, and Executive Director Lyn Schollett.
CLICK HERE TO SHARE THIS NEWSLETTER
Warm Regards,
Kelly Ayotte
United States Senator
Email Kelly
Manchester Office
1200 Elm Street, Suite 2
Manchester, NH 03101 Phone:
603-622-7979
Nashua Office
144 Main Street
Nashua, NH 03060 Phone:
603-880-3335
North Country Office 19 Pleasant Street, Suite 13B
Berlin, NH 03570 Phone:
603-752-7702 Fax:
603-752-7704
Portsmouth Office
14 Manchester Square, Ste 140
Portsmouth, NH 03801 Phone:
603-436-7161
Washington, DC
144 Russell Senate Office Building
Washington, DC 20510
Phone:
202-224-3324
Email Kelly
|
ayotte.senate.gov
|
Unsubscribe
