
Website
|
About
|
Contact Me
|
Serving You
|
Media Center
|
Legislative Work
|
Our District
|
Resources
December 5, 2014
The Scalise Capitol Report
Creating better opportunities for those with disabilities
This week the House passed a conservative solution to help people with disabilities with more bicameral, bipartisan support than any other piece of legislation in Congress. The Achieving a Better Life Experience Act, or ABLE Act, will improve the lives of millions of families who have children with disabilities by allowing them to create a tax-free savings account to help pay for medical visits, job training and educational opportunities. Just like parents can save for their childs education, an ABLE Act account allows children with disabilities to pay for their medical care and achieve their full potential. I was proud to host a meeting this week in my office with representatives from the leading disability groups who have worked for years towards achieve this historic victory. It gave me and several of my colleagues an opportunity to say thank you. The ABLE Act is just one of the many solutions House Republicans are working on to help improve the lives of hard-working taxpayers and help get our country back on the right track.
Click on the photo to watch me discuss
the ABLE Act.
Lunching with Louisianians
Its always a privilege to host Louisiana residents in Washington, D.C. This week, I had the opportunity to meet with CenturyLink officials at the Capitol and express pride in the fact that such a large and growing Fortune 500 company is headquartered in Louisiana. I applaud CenturyLink for their commitment to serving their customers with innovative products, and for creating good jobs for the hard working people of Louisiana. It is companies like CenturyLink and their continued investment in advanced communications platforms and innovative technologies that allow the U.S. to continue to be a leader in the global economy. Here are a few pictures from our time together.
Preventing executive overreach on immigration
President Obama's executive overreach on immigration is a blatant disregard for the Constitution. Yesterday, the House passed legislation to prevent executive overreach and preserve our Constitution. Article I of our Constitution is very clear: it is illegal for President Obama to exempt certain undocumented persons present in the U.S. from removal. Our immigration policy is broken, and President Obama must work with Congress first to secure our borders. This go-it-alone strategy is dangerous, unconstitutional and ineffective. I commend my colleague, Congressman Ted Yoho, for introducing this bill to stop President Obama from circumventing the rule of law.
Click on the photo below to watch me
discuss why this bill reestablishes the
rule of law.
Celebrating the Christmas season at the Capitol
The U.S. Capitol Christmas Tree is a proud tradition our nation has held since 1964. Jennifer and I had the opportunity to watch the lighting ceremony of the 50th Capitol Christmas tree this week. The
88-foot tall white spruce , adorned with thousands of lights, was truly a sight to behold.
The tree and the Capitol Dome
both shone so bright that night. Their vibrant radiance reminded me of our great nation, and the beacon of light that we symbolize throughout the world.
Click on the photo to watch the lighting
of the 2014 U.S. Capitol Christmas Tree;
its a great way to get into the Christmas
spirit!
It is an honor to represent you in Congress. For more information please visit my
website ,
Twitter ,
Instagram , and
Facebook
pages.
Sincerely,
Steve Scalise
House Majority Whip
WEBSITE
|
UNSUBSCRIBE
|
CONTACT
Washington DC Office
2338 Rayburn HOB
Washington, DC 20515
Phone: (202) 225-3015
Houma Office
8026 Main Street
Suite 700
Houma, LA 70360
Phone: (985) 879-2300
Metairie Office
110 Veterans Boulevard
Suite 500
Metairie, LA 70005
Phone: (504) 837-1259
Mandeville Office
21454 Koop Drive
Suite 1E
Mandeville, LA 70471
Phone: (985) 893-9064
Hammond Office
1514 Martens Drive
Suite 10
Hammond, LA 70401
Phone: (985) 340-2185
f
Click Here Click Here