
If
you are having trouble viewing this message or would like to share it
on a social network, you can
view the message online .
Home
Biography
News
Issues &amp; Legislation
Constituent Services
The District
Contact
Us
October 31, 2014
In
This Week's Edition of E-News
...
Murphy Examines SWPA Ebola
Hospital Preparedness
At Town Hall, Local
Miners Fear Future Without Coal
Mt. Pleasant
Celebrates Grand Opening of New Manufacturing Facility
Water Main Damage Causes Headaches,
Disruption in South Hills
Future of Social Security and
Medicare Hot Topics at Senior
Expo
Murphy Examines SWPA Ebola Hospital
Preparedness
Click here to watch Murphy's interview with CNN's
Chris
Cuomo
At the same time Defense Secretary Chuck Hagel
was announcing a 21-day quarantine for all military personnel serving in
Ebola stricken areas of West Africa, the Centers for Disease Control
and Prevention was ruling out a quarantine for healthcare workers who
had been treating Ebola victims. The inconsistent and ever-changing
policies have led to public concerns that the best protocols to protect
public health are not being implemented.
I think the
military has it right even though are soldiers and sailors are not
directly involved in Ebola patient care. They still want to have a strong
perimeter of defense and out of an abundance of caution [impose a
quarantine], Oversight Chairman Tim Murphy
told
CNNs
Wolf Blitzer on Wednesday (click
here
to
watch).
Murphy toured several Southwestern Pennsylvania-area
hospitals this week to gain a better understanding of how the local
medical community would respond to Ebola cases. The Associated Press
published an in-depth article,
If Ebola batters US, we
are not ready , revealing the American medical emergency system
lacks the training, staff, and supplies to cope with multiple cases.
Local hospitals have established a multiple-level response starting
with a rigorous screening process and, if necessary, conclude with
full-scale patient isolation, said Murphy.
Under current CDC
guidelines, healthcare workers returning from Western Africa could
immediately return to treating patients in the US, which Murphy has
strongly opposed. The hospitals visited by Rep. Murphy have developed
their own procedures to place returning medical professionals on limited
duty, keeping them from being in contact with
patients.
We have to be right 100 percent of the time in protecting our citizens.
Ebola needs to get through once,
Murphy told the
Tribune-Review . By developing a strong perimeter of defense to
protect public health here in the United States we can methodically
adjust those policies as we learn more.
In separate
interviews, Murphy discussed with CNNs
New Day , MSNBCs
Morning Joe , and Fox Business News
Lou Dobbs
a
letter
he sent to
the President on October 16 th outlining
nine
key next steps
that the Administration must take to protect
Americans from the Ebola virus. His recommendations included among
others:
Travel
restrictions;
21-day quarantines for
those Americans who have been exposed to Ebola or were visiting the
West African hot spots;
Identify and designate specific medical centers equipped and trained to
treat potential Ebola patients;
Stepped up training and protection for healthcare
workers;
Accelerated review and approval
by the Food and Drug Administration of promising vaccines,
treatments, and diagnostic tests for the Ebola
virus.
Several of these recommendations have already
been adopted. Chairman Murphy plans to continue strong oversight, which
may include another congressional hearing with Administration
officials.
To share your thoughts on how the U.S. should
respond to the Ebola crisis, please
click
here .
At Town Hall, Local Miners Fear Future
Without Coal
Anticipating another onslaught of new regulations from the Environmental
Protection Agency (EPA), local miners and Greene county elected officials
met with Congressman Tim Murphy this week to share with him their
concerns about the future of coal mining and the impact these new
regulations will have on the local economy.
Murphy echoed the
same concerns and noted that the EPA does not take into account the
harmful impact these regulations are having on local families, even when
the environmental rules have no significant impact on the environment
and more impact on the economy. While the Administration has forged
ahead with an anti-coal agenda, coal emissions have fallen by more than
56 percent in the last three decades.
Yet, in August,
Emerald Mine in Greene County became the latest victim in the EPA's War on
Coal after the parent company announced the mine would close within a
year. In the last five years, one-fifth of all coal-fueled US plants
(two of which are located in Greene and Washington Counties) have been
forced to shut their doors. Anti-coal regulations have also killed
thousands of jobs for boilermakers, pipefitters, operating engineers,
and factory workers.
Greene County commissioner Blair
Zimmerman, who worked for forty years as a miner, thanked Rep. Murphy for
supporting coal miners and clean-coal technology because the EPAs rule
is hurting the local tax base and economy, explaining how more than
1,000 families depend on coal for a living in the county of just 38,000
people. In August, Alpha Natural Resources announced at least 400 of
those miners would lose their jobs next year when the company closes
the Emerald Mine near Waynesburg.
In Greene County on future of
coal
As
Chairman of the Subcommittee on Oversight, Murphy has been investigating how
the EPA refuses to account for such things as job loss and economic
damage caused by regulatory actions that do not substantially improve
environmental conditions. Murphy is a sponsor of the Coal Jobs
Protection Act (H.R. 5077), requiring the EPA to analyze the impact of
proposed regulations on jobs and economic activity. If the analysis
shows a loss of jobs and damage to the states economy, the EPA would be
required to hold a public hearing in place like Greene County that
would be most impacted by the proposed action to incorporate that
data.
Most recently, EPA officials have speculated there will be
severe weather in the year 2300, requiring the government to
construct seawalls to protect against costal floods, invest in increased air
conditions, and combat drought. Based on this belief, the EPA has
written a regulation calculating new higher taxes per ton of coal. This EPA
rule was developed without public input or authorized by a vote in
Congress. Murphy authored and successfully passed legislation last year
that would block have blocked that particular new climate change
regulation. His legislation is awaiting action in the
Senate.
This weeks discussion was held at the Mine Technology and Training
Center where new and current workers in the mining industry learn
specialized mining techniques and advanced safety practices at a 40,000-foot
simulated coal mine. The advanced training skills, imparted by the
MTTC, have contributed to a fifty percent decline in mine-related
fatalities since the mid-1990s. Murphy continues to advance the deployment
of scrubbers and emission controls on coal power plants, and convened a
congressional hearing entitled, EPAs Regulatory Threat to
Affordable, Reliable Energy: The Perspective of Coal Communities to discuss
the impact of these anti-coal regulations on local
communities.
To share your thoughts on the EPAs continued war on coal and
local jobs,
click
here .
Mt.
Pleasant Celebrates Grand Opening of New Manufacturing
Facility
What was once the
Lennox glassmaking hub in Westmoreland County is being transformed into a
state-of-the-art manufacturing center for fuel cells. Over 100
community leaders and citizens, including Congressman Tim Murphy, gathered
last Friday for the grand opening of the new WATT Fuel Cell Corp factory,
which will expand the companys production capacity and increase job
creation in Westmoreland County over the next five
years.
Ribbon cutting at WATT
Fuel Cell in Mt Pleasant
Township
The 39,000-square-foot
facility, which has been under construction since June, began producing
fuel cells at the facility three weeks ago.
Fuel cells are
self-contained energy production units similar to a combustible engine
or a generator but without the noise and pollution. Producing fuel
cells, however, that are small enough to be easily transportable and
adaptable at an affordable cost has been a major manufacturing challenge.
WATT uses lean production techniques like 3D printers and off-the-self
component parts to vastly reduce costs and processes, reducing the
time needed to make a fuel cell from 300 hours to as few as six
minutes.
Unlike large, heavy gas generators, WATT fuel cells are
small, quiet, and pollution-free. The size of a desktop computer, fuel
cells made by WATT would be used for recreational vehicles, camping,
or powering a home off of the electrical grid. The cells would be also
powered by common fuels like clean natural gas, gasoline and diesel.
WATT expects to begin selling these fuel cells to the public for home
and recreational use within the next year.
Rep. Murphy, a
senior member of the House Energy and Commerce Committee and
co-founder of the Congressional Natural Gas Caucus noted that Southwestern
Pennsylvania remains a manufacturing hub due to its efficient and
educated workforce.
To take something like the fuel cell that
has traditionally been unaffordable and unmanageable, and get it to a
point where it can be put into an RV or a boat at an affordable price
is a great development and a testament to American innovation, Murphy
said.
To share your thoughts on this story, please
click
here .
Water Main Damage
Causes Headaches, Disruption in South Hills
Murphy on site at
South Fayette water main
break
As American Water Company returns
yet again to site of repeated pipe rupture, Congressman Tim Murphy
inspected the damage caused by a 36-inch water main break at Boyce and
Mayview Roads in South Fayette. The old concrete pipe has burst three
times in just the last week despite repeated attempts over the past seven
years at repairs. The water company now plans to replace the water
main with 1,000 feet of new pipe, which will require the temporary
closure of Boyce Road.
Rep. Murphy told local residents he will
be working with the water company and PennDOT to ensure final repairs
control runoff, prevent further erosion, and stabilize the road
surface.
If this water main break has impacted your property,
please click here, share your thoughts, and receive updates from Rep.
Murphy, who will be contacting PennDOT and the water company next week
about a time frame for
remediation.
Future of Social
Security and Medicare Hot Topics at Senior
Expo
On
Wednesday Congressman Murphy met with area seniors at the Westmoreland
County Health and Education Expo in Greensburg to provide them with an
update on current issues in Congress, including his efforts to protect
and strengthen programs important to seniors.
At the event,
many shared outright anger about receiving Medicare Advantage plan
renewal notifications that had their premiums skyrocketing for the
upcoming year. In some cases, these Medicare Advantage premiums are going
up hundreds of dollars more a month. Murphy explained that as a result
of the Affordable Care Act (ACA), Medicare was cut by $700 billion,
$300 billion of which came from the popular Medicare Advantage program.
Murphy, who voted against the ACA, recently joined a bipartisan group
of lawmakers in writing to the Administration urging them to keep
Medicare Advantage premiums stable at 2014 levels to provide seniors
affordable access to the healthcare plans they have come to rely on.
The bipartisan request was denied by the Administration. Now the ACA
cuts have begun to take effect, leading to higher premiums for
seniors.
Murphy also shared with the Senior Expo attendees that in
mid-October, the Social Security Administration announced a 1.7
percent cost-of-living adjustment increase for 2015. Based on the Consumer
Price Index, which is calculated based on changes in prices of
everyday goods and services, this would be roughly a $22 average monthly
increase. Rep. Murphy has been advocating a targeted formula for
calculating seniors cost-of-living adjustment for Social Security, since
seniors citizens actual cost of living is so intertwined with the cost of
medications and medical care, which has risen exponentially in recent
years. Such a proposal is under review in the Ways &amp; Means
Committee.
Many Medicare recipients find that the maze of plans
and options to be quite challenging. Should you have any questions
regarding casework with Medicare, Social Security, Medicaid, or another
federal agency please do not hesitate to contact Rep. Murphys office in
Mt. Lebanon (412-344-5583) or Greensburg
(724-850-7312).
To share your thoughts on seniors issues, please
click here .
Please Feel Free to Tell a
Friend
E-mail:
E-mail:
E-mail:
Washington
D.C. Office
2332 Rayburn HOB
Washington, DC 20515
Phone:
(202) 2252301
Fax: (202) 2251844
Mt.
Lebanon Office
504 Washington Road
Pittsburgh, PA 15228
Phone: (412) 3445583
Fax: (412) 4295092
Greensburg Office
2040 Frederickson Place
Greensburg,
PA 15601
Phone: (724) 8507312
Fax: (724) 8507315
Unsubscribe
|
Update My
Profile
|
Privacy Policy
gateway mail end
