
Official Site
Constituent Services
News
Contact
Senator McConnell&rsquo;s eNewsletter - - Week of November 17, 2014
McConnell: &lsquo;Congress Will Act&rsquo; on President&rsquo;s Immigration Order
On Thursday, Senator McConnell spoke on the Senate Floor in advance of the President&rsquo;s issuing an executive action on immigration.
He said, &ldquo;President Obama said last year that executive action was &lsquo;not an option&rsquo; because &lsquo;[he] would be ignoring the law.&rsquo; &lsquo;There is a path to get this done,&rsquo; he said, &lsquo;and that is through Congress.&rsquo;
&ldquo;The action he&rsquo;s proposed would ignore the law, would reject the voice of the voters, and would impose new unfairness on law-abiding immigrants &mdash; all without solving the problem. In fact, his action is more likely to make it even worse.&rdquo;
&ldquo;If President Obama acts in defiance of the people and imposes his will on the country, Congress will act.
We&rsquo;re considering a variety of options. But make no mistake. When the newly elected representatives of the people take their seats, they will act.
&ldquo;The American people sent a message. They said they want to see us working together. They said they want to see more serious ideas pass through Congress. What they didn&rsquo;t say they wanted to see was the President sidestepping the very representatives they just elected.
&ldquo;That&rsquo;s why so many Kentuckians have been calling my office in opposition to this plan&hellip;constituents want to be heard. President Obama needs to listen to their voices.&rdquo;
Click the image below to view the Senator&rsquo;s floor remarks.
Senate Democrats Defeat Keystone Jobs Bill; McConnell Vows to have Vote in Next Congress
McConnell to Serve as Majority Leader for the 114th Congress
Last week, Senate Democrats finally backed off trying to obstruct construction of the Keystone XL Pipeline, and dropped their objection to have a vote.
The vote on the Keystone bill was on Tuesday this week, but Senate Democrats defeated bipartisan legislation.
Prior to the vote Senator McConnell said, &ldquo;Keystone XL is just common-sense. It&rsquo;s a shovel-ready jobs project that would help thousands of Americans find work. It would increase our supply of North American energy. And it would do all that with minimal net climate impact. That&rsquo;s why the American people support it. That&rsquo;s why Republicans support it.&rdquo;
Senator McConnell speaks about the Keystone XL Pipeline on the Senate Floor.
Senator McConnell issued the following statement after the vote failed to pass 59-41:
&ldquo;Senate Democrats once again stood in the way of a shovel-ready jobs project that would help thousands of Americans find work &mdash;
a remarkable stance after an election in which the American people sent a clear message to Congress to approve serious policies like the Keystone XL Pipeline and get the Senate working again. Unfortunately, many Senate Democrats failed to hear that message. But once the 114th Congress convenes, the Senate will act again on this important legislation, and I look forward to the new Republican majority taking up and passing the Keystone jobs bill early in the New Year.&rdquo;
McConnell-Supported Bill to Update VFW Federal Charter Passes Senate; Now Goes to President for Signature
On Friday, Senator McConnell announced that the U.S. Senate passed a bipartisan bill he supported that would better reflect the service and sacrifice of women in the military by updating the federal charter for the Veterans of Foreign Wars (VFW) of the United States. The bill now goes to the President for his signature.
Senator McConnell was the first Senate Republican to cosponsor the Senate version of the bill.
Senator McConnell worked with his colleagues and Kentucky&rsquo;s VFW leaders in this effort to update the VFW&rsquo;s Federal charter for our nation&rsquo;s women veterans.
&ldquo;It&rsquo;s always an honor to secure passage of legislation to honor our nation&rsquo;s heroes and I will remain committed, through my new role as Senate Majority Leader in the next Congress, to build on efforts to best assist the men and women who served in our military,&rdquo; Senator McConnell said.
Senator McConnell has long been a leader in Congress for Kentucky veterans. He has been a vigorous advocate for Kentucky&rsquo;s servicemembers and military families and has supported numerous pieces of legislation important to Kentucky&rsquo;s veterans, including bills to reform the Veterans Administration (VA), reduce the VA claims backlog and increase cost-of-living-adjustment disability benefits for our veterans and their survivors.
In the Media
This week, Senator McConnell discussed the issues on the air as he joined Tony Cruise on 84WHAS-Radio in Louisville, Alan Watts on WKDZ-Radio in Cadiz, and Dan Manley on WMST-Radio in Mt. Sterling. Senator McConnell discussed issues important to Kentucky that he will prioritize as Majority Leader next year. Senator McConnell will continue to fight against the President&rsquo;s War on Coal and help Kentucky jobs and the economy in the Commonwealth.
On Tuesday, Senator McConnell and Senate GOP Leaders hosted a media availability in the U.S. Capitol.
Receive news updates from Senator McConnell&rsquo;s press office by following on Twitter at
@McConnellPress . Saturday, November 22, is National Adoption Day. Join Senator McConnell in thanking the many Kentuckians who have opened their homes through adoption and retweet:
Visiting our Nation's Capital
If you&rsquo;re planning a trip to Washington, D.C., please check out Senator McConnell's
website
and visit his office while you are in town. Every week, Senator McConnell welcomes to his office in the U.S. Capitol many Kentuckians from across the Commonwealth to discuss issues of importance to Kentucky. Also, the Senator&rsquo;s office has information on tours, places to visit and local restaurants to help make your trip to the nation&rsquo;s capital one to remember.
Keeping Up With Senator McConnell
Keep up with the latest news and alerts from our nation&rsquo;s capital as well as updates on things happening back home in Kentucky by becoming a fan of Senator McConnell&rsquo;s
Facebook
page, and get the latest news from Senator McConnell&rsquo;s press office on Twitter at
@McConnellPress . Senator McConnell is also on Instagram - Follow him at
@McConnellPress .
Get this newsletter delivered to your inbox by signing up
HERE
Official Site
|
Privacy Policy
|
Unsubscribe
