
WEBSITE
|
FORWARD TO A FRIEND
November, 2014
The Jeffries Journal
Dear Neighbor,
It is an honor to represent the Eighth Congressional District of New York, one of the most diverse in the country. Since taking the oath of office, I have worked hard to improve the quality of life of every community I serve.
At home, I have prioritized bringing the federal government to life. As a member of the House Budget and Judiciary Committees in Washington, I will continue to work tirelessly for the well-being of working families, the middle class and seniors.
Over the last two years, I have regularly hosted telephone town hall meetings and Congress on Your Corner sessions, where I meet one-on-one with constituents in neighborhoods throughout the Eighth Congressional District.
Dont forget to stay up-to-date on my work in Congress, current events, constituent resources and upcoming community events through our website,
Jeffries.House.Gov . You can also follow me on Twitter at
@RepJeffries . I look forward to keeping you informed on the pressing issues of the day and continuing to fight hard for our community.
Best,
Hakeem Jeffries
Member of Congress (NY-8)
Here are some of the issues that I have been working on:
Rep. Jeffries Addresses House Majority Failure
As one of the least productive Congressional sessions in the history of the country sputters to a close, Rep. Jeffries took to the floor of the U.S. House of Representatives to denounce the failure to address the needs of working families and the middle class. In his speech, the Congressman outlined a series of policies forced upon the American people by the House Majority, including an unprecedented government shutdown that robbed the economy of $24 billion in lost productivity; a near debt default that jeopardized the full faith and credit of the United States; and a reckless budget proposal that included $125 billion in cuts to nutritional programs, $260 billion in cuts to higher education and $732 billion in cuts to Medicaid*.
Rep. Jeffries also made the case that the House Majority left millions of Americans on the battlefield of
The Great Recession
due to what he saw as their unwillingness to renew unemployment insurance and enact a federal minimum wage increase. He closed his remarks by suggesting that the House Majoritys performance over the last two years be given either a D for disaster or an F for failure.
Watch here
NYPD Accountability
In July, an unarmed Staten Island man named Eric Garner died from an illegal chokehold administered by an NYPD officer while he was being arrested for allegedly selling individual cigarettes. The New York Office of Chief Medical Examiner ruled Mr. Garners death a homicide due to compression of the chest and neck. The tragedy sparked an outcry throughout the city.
In response, Rep. Jeffries and five colleagues in the New York Congressional delegation urged U.S. Attorney General Eric Holder to open a formal investigation into the death of Mr. Garner.
Watch here
In the letter, the delegation asks Mr. Holder to determine whether Eric Garners constitutional and civil rights had been violated during the arrest that ultimately led to his tragic death. The delegation also asked the attorney general to evaluate the constitutionality of the NYPDs broken windows law enforcement strategy.
Read the letter here
In response, the Department of Justice indicated that it is monitoring the local investigation into the chokehold death. The Civil Rights Division of the DOJ is also considering a pattern and practice inquiry into whether the NYPD's controversial "broken windows" crime-fighting strategy unlawfully targets of communities of color.
NYT: Six Members of Congress Ask Holder to Open Federal Inquiry in Chokehold Case
CBS: Members Of Congress Seek Federal Probe Into Eric Garners Death
NY Daily News: Justice Dept. refers request to investigate NYPD to civil rights division
Advancing Public Safety &amp; Remembering PJ Avitto
This summer, 6-year-old Prince Joshua PJ Avitto was stabbed to death while in the elevator of the Boulevard Houses with his friend Mikayla Capers, 7, who was also brutally attacked. They had gone downstairs to get ice cream. Daniel St. Hubert was indicted on murder and assault charges in the case, and faces 50 years to life in prison if convicted.
The public housing development P.J. lived in lacked proper security protections, including working cameras and sufficient locks. Unfortunately, many public housing residents throughout the district and beyond live in similarly vulnerable circumstances.
In response, Congressman Jeffries introduced P.J.s Act, a bill designed to increase access to federal funding to make sure the New York City Housing Authority has the ability to purchase, install and maintain security cameras, enhanced lighting and safety locks. Our office will not rest until all residents can live in a safe and secure environment.
Watch here
Rep. Jeffries on ISIL
In September, the U.S. House of Representatives voted to arm opposition forces as part of the nations overall strategy to eradicate ISIL and terrorist elements in Syria.
Rep. Jeffries, along with former Vermont Governor Howard Dean, appeared on MSNBC to discuss the vote.
Rep. Jeffries expressed support for President Obamas overall objective to degrade and destroy ISIL, but he voted against an amendment to arm Syrian opposition rebels because of the difficulty involved in identifying moderate elements that could be trusted, along with a concern that those weapons could eventually be used against U.S. interests.
Watch here
Rep. Jeffries Discusses New Congress on Inside City Hall
As Rep. Jeffries closes out his first term, he recently appeared on
Inside City Hall
to discuss what to expect from the new Congress in the next two years.
Rep. Jeffries expressed hope that both parties could find common ground and perform effectively for the American people. In this regard, the Congressman observed that the New York Congressional delegation often works together in a bipartisan manner, as they did to secure passage of the Superstorm Sandy relief package.
He noted that he expects a smooth path toward confirmation for Loretta Lynch, the Brooklyn resident nominated by President Obama to succeed Eric Holder as the next U.S. Attorney General. Moving forward, it will be important for Congress to put partisan politics aside and come together to solve the problems of the American people.
Watch here
Constituent Services
My team of experienced caseworkers is ready to help you cut through the federal
government's red tape.
Click
HERE
for list of constituent services
&amp; more.
Federal Resources
Find out how you can apply for federal grants, learn more about scholarship opportunities, and grow your small business.
Click
HERE
for more information.
Community Events
Get to know your neighbors. Click
HERE
to find out what is going on in your neighborhood and around the 8 th
Congressional District.
___________________
Photos Around the District
Click
HERE
to view photos of Congressman Jeffries at events in your community and around the district .
Visit Our Nations Capitol
Let us help you plan your trip to Washington, D.C.!
Click
HERE
to learn what tours we can help you arrange.
NOTE: Please DO NOT respond to this email as this inbox is unattended. To contact my office please
click here
UNSUBSCRIBE
|
PRIVACY POLICY
|
CONTACT US
Click Here Click Here