
If you are having trouble viewing
this message or would like to share it on a social network, you can
view the message
online .
December 07, 2014
Website
|
About Me
|
Contact Me
|
Serving You
|
Media Center
|
Legislative Work
|
Our District
|
Resources
Dear Friends,
Support for WSMR
Across New Mexico, individuals continue to work across party
lines to support and preserve New Mexicos military
installations.
Last week, Democrat State Sen. Mary Kay Papen, Dist. 38 of Dona Ana
County, and I released an opinion editorial supporting the White Sands
Missile Range (WSMR) against any effort that would impact the
viability and flexibility of the Range. For a copy of this editorial, please
click here .
Protecting
the military missions in New Mexico transcends party affiliation. I
thank State Sen. Mary Kay Papen for opposing any obstruction to the
mission at WSMR, the nations premier development and test facility.
We support the prospects of alternative energy development in New
Mexico, and we do not oppose the construction of the SunZia transmission
project.
What is unsupportable is the route. The SunZia
transmission line is projected to cost more than $1 billion, but construction
has not begun. Final environmental impact studies have yet to be
completed, and so, alterations to the route can still be made with little
difficulty, delay or cost. We have yet to understand why, and our
support remains solidly behind the mission of the Range.
House Passes Pearce Native American Housing
Bill
On Tuesday, I was proud to announce the bipartisan
passage of the Native American Housing and Self-Determination Act
Reauthorization of 2014 (NAHASDA).
By a voice vote, the House acted to
increase access to safe and affordable housing for Native Americans
nationwide.
In addition to reauthorizing the legislation, HR 4329
includes a number of reforms that will provide lease-to-own programs
aimed at providing rural tribes with the means for self-determination, and
allow tribes to focus more on money and development, instead of
administrative requirements.
Prosperity has eluded Native
American families living on tribal land for too long.
NAHASDA has been
a driving force in reversing this trend on tribal lands, providing
opportunity and housing for millions more since its inception in 1996. I
am extremely proud to be the sponsor of this legislation, which has
been called transformative by tribal leaders.
It represents
another positive step in modernizing current housing, and providing tribal
leaders with greater self-autonomy in meeting the needs that face
their communities.
I appreciate my colleagues in the House, who
have worked with me to make this legislation not only a reality, but
a truly bipartisan effort for change.
Working across the aisle
with Gwen Moore, Denny Heck, and Maxine Waters among others, and with
tribal leaders nationwide, we have been able to make critical reforms
requested and needed in tribal communities.
Working
together, we were able to reduce the burden and expand opportunity in Native
housing. These reforms will result in more efficient use of taxpayer
money and provide faster approval of projects, allowing tribes to focus
money and resources on development and innovation. By providing Native
Americans more housing, we expand pride in communities and increase
opportunities for the next generation.
I urge my colleagues in
the Senate to quickly adopt this legislation.
Defense
Authorization Fails to Meet Commitments, Includes Massive Lands
Deal
Voting against the
NDAA Thursday was a difficult decision for me. As a Vietnam veteran, I
always look to support the military and their families. However, the
NDAA does not fully meet the needs of our troops and grossly expands the
federal footprint in the West.
As well as
being a veteran, I am the co-chair of the Congressional Western Caucus.
In this capacity I have a responsibility to protect and fight for the
West.
Included within this NDAA is a massive lands package, added
at the last minute of negotiations.
Creating nearly 250,000 new
acres of wilderness that will greatly restrict multiple use on the
lands, is simply unacceptable.
Already extremely disadvantaged by
massive amounts of public lands, the West continues to be under attack
by environmental and special interest groups that degrade the Western
way of life.
In the past year, New Mexico has seen this first
hand with the President designating a nearly 500,000-acre monument, the
Organ Mountains-Desert Peaks National Monument. While the bill does
include a small allocation for local governments through a payment
system called Payments In Lieu Of Taxes (PILT), this does little to offset
the dramatic damages this package will have to access and ranching in
the West.
While this legislation includes many important
provisions for our troops, it does not live up to its
commitments.
The bill includes a reduced pay increase from what has previously
been legally mandated, it reduces the housing allowance for all levels
of the military, and it will increase prescription co-pays in the short
term.
Our soldiers deserve consistency and certainty, and this
does not provide it.
I am disappointed with how this
process was carried out.
Our military deserves better.
As a
Congress, we should be committed to providing our troops with the support
they need and deserve, free of political maneuvers and
adages.
House Acts to Prevent Executive Action on
Immigration
The
Presidents decision to defy the Constitution by using executive actions to
change immigration law cannot go unopposed. The legislation is a proactive
response to this gross abuse of power.
It clarifies that the
Presidents use of executive authority does not extend to exempting
millions from legal action at once.
This is a needed step in any
legal challenge to the Presidents abuse of
power.
America is a land of Democracy, where laws dictate what is right and
wrong. The President has unilaterally acted time and again, without the
authority or consent of Congress.
To make matters worse, these
actions are unfair and innately political action by the President, and
will have harmful and damaging effects, while significantly disheartening
and disadvantaging the millions of potential immigrants following the
law and waiting to enter the United States.
Congress must
work together to create comprehensive immigration reform. Immigration
reform, like any issue, is not too large to face, as long as we are
willing to work together.
Members of Congress recognize the need
to fix our broken immigration system, and this can be accomplished.
However, the reality is - the President cannot just ignore our
laws.
House Passes Bill to Provide Economic Certainty
for Western Business
Wednesday,
t he U.S. House of Representatives passed
H.R. 5771, the Tax Increase Prevention Act with a bipartisan vote of
378-46.
The bill implements a one-year extension of tax provisions
that would otherwise expire and are essential to businesses, jobs, and
families in the West.
Technological innovation
is essential to a prosperous middle class and economic opportunity.
This legislation provides stability for independent energy producers
and manufacturers who have invested in energy efficiency. The tax
provisions in this bill are essential to ensure that Americas economy,
including the energy sector, has a chance to continue growing. The
provisions will also help Americas agriculture industry, which contributes
so much to Western conservation efforts.
"Losing Our
Land"
Blaze TV will repeat the episode
of For The Record: Losing our Land at 5 p.m. MST (7 p.m. EST)
tonight, that features the struggles of Southern New Mexico ranchers, and an
interview I had with them. The episo de was shot in New Mexico and
highlights the impacts of federal regulations and the Presidents recent
executive action on the Organ Mountains.
To watch the
show, tune into Blaze TV on Dish Satellite, Channel 212 or 202, or
view online by subscription at
www.theblaze.com/tv .
Have you heard "Congressional Review" this week?
Every weekend,
I'm on the radio across New Mexico discussing important legislation,
events in New Mexico, and my work in Congress.
Be sure to tune
in!
If you haven't heard the show, call your local radio station
to ask when Congressional Review is on the air in your
hometown.
Remember, I always look forward to hearing your thoughts on how to help
job growth, veterans, and other issues important to New Mexicans.
If you have any ideas, suggestions, or concerns, you can contact my
office through
Facebook ,
Twitter ,
email ,
my
website
or by calling
855-4-PEARCE.
God bless you, and God bless
America.
STEVE
PEARCE
Member of
Congress
Washington, DC
2432 Rayburn
House Office Building |
Washington, DC 20515
Phone: 855-4-PEARCE
(732723) or (202) 225-2365
Las Cruces
570 N Telshor Blvd
Las Cruces, NM
88011
Phone: 855-4-PEARCE (732723)
Roswell
1717 W
2nd Street, Suite 100
Roswell, NM 88201
Phone: 855-4-PEARCE
(732723)
Socorro
111 School of Mines
Road
Socorro, NM 87801
Phone: 855-4-PEARCE (732723)
Alamogordo
1101 New York Avenue, Room
115
Alamogordo, NM 88310
Phone: 855-4-PEARCE (732723)
Hobbs
200 East
Broadway, Suite 200
Hobbs, NM 88240
Phone: 855-4-PEARCE
(732723)
Los Lunas
3445 Lambros Loop NE
Los Lunas,
NM 87031
Phone: 855-4-PEARCE (732723)
Update My
Profile
-
Unsubscribe
-
Privacy Policy
