
Dear Friend,
Thank you for signing up to receive my email newsletter. These
newsletters will cover a variety of topics, including events happening
in Indiana, legislation being considered in Congress, and my
perspective on current issues. My hope is to keep you updated and
informed on how issues in Washington may impact Hoosiers. I welcome
your feedback.
Thanks for reading,
Dan Coats
_____
Obama Should Not Bypass Congress on Immigration
News reports indicate that next week President Obama plans to announce
executive action to grant legal status to millions illegally in the
United States.
I strongly urge President Obama to reconsider this decision.
The country delivered a public repudiation of President Obama's
policies in the midterm election. The election results show that the
American people want the Obama administration to begin working with
Republicans on responsible solutions.
In addition to constitutional concerns, changing existing immigration
law via executive order will ignore the wishes of the American people.
It also will jeopardize the president's opportunity to work with
Republicans in 2015.
History has shown that granting legal status with only the promise, not
proven results, of border security does not work.
A unilateral executive action granting amnesty would be a disservice to
everyone who followed the law to legally immigrate to the United
States.
_____
A Vote for Keystone is a Vote for Jobs, Energy Independence
For years, Republicans in Congress have urged Majority Leader Harry
Reid to allow a vote on the Keystone XL Pipeline.
The State Department twice found that there would be no significant
environmental impacts if the project is built, but the Obama
Administration continues to delay final approval.
I am pleased that some on the other side of the aisle finally have
called on Congress to end President Obama's needless delay on this
project.
This $5.3 billion, privately-funded, shovel-ready project will put the
United States on a path to energy independence and put 42,000 Americans
back to work.
This real "stimulus bill" should have been voted on a long time ago.
Click here
or on the image above to watch Sen. Coats discuss the upcoming
Keystone vote in the Senate with Gretchen Carlson on Fox News.
Coats in the News
Elkhart Truth: Coats says ability for Congress to act will depend on
Obama's willingess to work with GOP
Richmond Palladium Item:
GOP control may affect Indiana issues
Indiana Public Media: Coats Says GOP's Senate Capture Can Make A
Difference
Coats Statement on President's Carbon Emissions Agreement with China
Fox 28 South Bend:
Three Indiana lawmakers urge VA to "consider travel time" for Hoosier
veterans access to health care
_____
Stay Connected
_____
Coats with Hoosiers
On Veterans Day I met with Col. Shane Halbrook of the Indiana Air
National Guard and members of the Dow AgroSciences Veterans Action
Group.
_____
To unsubscribe please
Click Here
Contact Me
Latest News
A message
from Senator Dan Coats
Dear
Friend,
Thank you for signing up to receive my email
newsletter. These newsletters will cover a variety of topics,
including
events happening in Indiana, legislation being
considered
in Congress, and my perspective on current issues.
My
hope is to keep you updated and informed on how issues in Washington may impact Hoosiers. I welcome your
feedback.
Thanks for reading,
Dan Coats
Obama Should Not Bypass Congress on Immigration
News reports indicate that next week President Obama plans to announce executive action to grant
legal status to millions illegally in the United States.
I strongly urge President Obama to reconsider this decision.
The country delivered a public repudiation of President Obama&#8217;s policies in the midterm election.
The election results show that the American people want the Obama administration to begin working with
Republicans on responsible solutions.
In addition to constitutional concerns, changing existing immigration law via executive order will
ignore the wishes of the American people. It also will jeopardize the president&#8217;s opportunity to
work with Republicans in 2015.
History has shown that granting legal status with only the promise, not proven results, of border
security does not work.
A unilateral executive action granting amnesty would be a disservice to everyone who followed the
law to legally immigrate to the United States.
A Vote for Keystone is a Vote for Jobs, Energy
Independence
For
years, Republicans in Congress have urged Majority Leader Harry Reid to allow a vote on the Keystone
XL Pipeline.
The
State Department twice found that there would be no significant environmental impacts if the project
is built, but the Obama Administration continues to delay final approval.
I
am pleased that some on the other side of the aisle finally have called on Congress to end President
Obama&#8217;s needless delay on this project.
This
$5.3 billion, privately-funded, shovel-ready project will put the United States on a path to energy independence
and put 42,000 Americans back to work.
This
real "stimulus bill" should have been voted on a long time ago.
Click
here
or on the image above to watch Sen. Coats discuss the upcoming Keystone vote in the Senate with Gretchen
Carlson on Fox News.
Coats
in the News
Elkhart
Truth: Coats says ability for Congress to act will depend on Obama's willingess to work with GOP
Richmond
Palladium Item:
GOP control may affect Indiana issues
Indiana
Public Media: Coats Says GOP&#8217;s Senate Capture Can Make A Difference
Coats
Statement on President&#8217;s Carbon Emissions Agreement with China
Fox
28 South Bend:
Three
Indiana lawmakers urge VA to "consider travel time" for Hoosier veterans access to health care
Stay
Connected
Coats with Hoosiers
On
Veterans Day I met with Col. Shane Halbrook of the Indiana Air National Guard and members of the Dow
AgroSciences Veterans Action Group.
To
unsubscribe please
Click
Here
Contact
Me Latest
News
