
If you are having trouble viewing this
message or would like to share it on a social network, you can
view the message online .
HOME
CONTACT US
CONSTITUENT SERVICES
ISSUES AND LEGISLATION
December 07, 2014
President Signs My Rural Health Bill Into
Law :
This week, the President signed H.R. 4067, into
law.
I introduced this legislation with Senator Jerry Moran, to
protect rural hospitals from burdensome and costly federal
regulations.
This law has been a long time in the making and it would not
have been possible without the hard work and leadership of Senator
Moran and the number of folks who helped advocate for access to
rural healthcare. I am pleased Republicans and Democrats put their
differences aside and put people in rural communities before political
wrangling.
Access to quality healthcare in rural
communities will continue to be one of my top priorities. Next Congress,
I will continue to work to ensure that folks living in rural areas
have timely access to quality healthcare.
To watch KOAMs
report on the rural health bill becoming law,
click
here .
House Passes ABLE Act to
Empower Disabled Americans :
As a parent, raising
children is an unbelievable joy that comes with great responsibility.
These responsibilities can and often increase tenfold for parents who
care for a child with a disability.
As a cosponsor of the Achieving
a Better Life Experience (ABLE) act I was pleased that the House of
Representatives was able to pass this important legislation to help
parents and caregivers of individuals with disabilities, save for the
future. The ABLE Act had the support of over 404 Members of Congress who
all think easing some of the challenges facing people with
disabilities is good, commonsense policy.
The ABLE Act is the
most significant piece of legislation impacting disabled Americans in
almost 25 years. The legislation will create tax-exempt investment
accounts so people born with disabilities can save more of their private
funds for future education, transportation, housing, and medical
expenses. These savings accounts, which are similar to 529 accounts which
allow folks to save for college, will expand opportunities for
independence and will make a difference in their lives.
Click Here
to watch my remarks in support of the ABLE
Act on the House Floor.
Click
Here
to watch Kansas First News report on passage of this
legislation.
Shoring Up Security of Government Used
Software :
Over the past year, I have voiced
multiple concerns to government agencies over site vulnerabilities and
security weaknesses on
healthcare.gov . But the
problem is not limited to one website; the entire federal government
lacks guidelines for website security.
This week, Congressman
Ed Royce (R-CA) and I introduced legislation that will ensure our
nations cyber infrastructure remains secure and uncompromised. Our
legislation requires contractors providing software, firmware or products to
the federal government to produce a bill of materials of all third
party and open source components used, and demonstrate that those
component versions have no vulnerabilities. This vital legislation will put
the appropriate checks and balances in place to ensure the government
has the tools it needs to create a more sound and secure system for
taxpayers.
President Threatens to Veto Bi-Partisan
Tax Plan :
The American people spoke and
elected Americas new Congress because they are sick of the gridlock in
Washington. This week, the President issued a veto threat on a strong
bi-partisan plan
the House and Senate have been working on for months
to make important tax provisions
permanent.
Clearly, the President didn't get this message.
In the
next Congress, the American people must get what they deserve
a
government that is efficient and effective. A government that works. I know
that we stand ready to lead, and we hope the President will work with
us.
As a result of the Presidents veto threat, the
bi-partisan tax plan with the Senate came to a stand-still. The House was
forced to take action immediately to prevent tax increases on millions of
families and businesses in the coming months and passed the Tax
Increase Prevention Act of 2014. Though this legislation only extends
certain provisions temporarily, with a new Senate majority in place next
month, we will continue work to ensure these tax relief provisions that
promote investment, innovation and create jobs are made
permanent.
To watch my remarks at the weekly press conference with
Republican leaders,
click here .
Spiraling National
Debt Tops $18 Trillion :
This week, our
national debt surpassed a historic $18 trillion dollars. Every man, woman,
and childs share of this burden is now $56,369. President Obama has
added more than $7.3 trillion during his time in office. According to
the Congressional Budget Office, our national debt is on track to
reach 106 percent of GDP
by 2039. This staggering debt
to GDP ratio puts us in company with Japan, Italy and Greece. Our
spending is out of control. We must reform federal spending before we
face a crisis and cripple the future of our families and the American
economy.
Kansans Visiting Washington,
DC :
Jawanda Mast with the National Down Syndrome Society
stopped by my office to discuss the ABLE Act, which passed the House of
Representatives on Wednesday. Thank you Jawanda for all your advocacy
work supporting people with Down syndrome.
I had the pleasure of
meeting Adrienne Cox, a senior from Topeka who was in Washington, DC as
one of 10 Made with Code Ambassadorsa group of young women who are
encouraging their peers to learn code, pursue STEM careers, and givr
back to the community. Adrienne was accompanied by Anne Hagemen, her
computer science teacher at Topeka High.
Save the
Date: Open Office Hours on Monday, December
15 :
I will be holding
open office
hours
at my Topeka office on
Monday, December
15th at 10:00a.m .
Open office hours are private
meetings where folks can come and speak with me directly about the issues
most important to them. These meetings are on a first-come, first-serve
basis.
To reserve a time, please contact Melissa Underwood
in my Topeka office at 785-234-5966.
Please Feel Free to Tell a
Friend
E-mail:
E-mail:
E-mail:
Share on Facebook Share on Twitter
Washington, DC
Office
1027 Longworth
HOB
Washington, D.C. 20515
Phone: (202) 225-6601
Fax: (202) 225-7986
Pittsburg
Office
1001 N. Broadway Street #C
Pittsburg, KS 66762
Phone: (620) 231-LYNN (5966)
Fax: (620) 231-5972
Topeka
Office
3550 SW 5th Street
Topeka, KS 66606
Phone: (785) 234-LYNN (5966)
Fax: (785) 234-5967
Independence Office
120 N. 6th Street
Independence, KS 67301
Phone: (620) 231-LYNN
(5966)
Fax: (620) 231-5972
Unsubscribe
|
Update My Profile
|
Privacy Policy
gateway mail end 