
If you are having trouble viewing this message or would like to share
it on a social network, you can
view the message online .
Website
About David
Contact
Serving
You
Media
Center
Legislative Work
District
November 07, 2014
Honoring Our
Veterans
This upcoming Tuesday, November 11th, is Veterans
Day.
Originally, called Armistice Day to recognize the official end
of World War I on the 11th hour of the 11th day of the 11th month of
1918, President Dwight D. Eisenhower changed its name to
Veterans Day as a way to honor American veterans of all
wars.
West Virginia is home to a significant number of men
and women who have served in our Armed Forces and sacrificed so much
so that we may enjoy life, liberty and the pursuit of happiness here at
home.
As a proud West Virginian, I know
firsthand that the patriotism and sense of duty of our citizens is
unquestionable
and I want to take this opportunity to thank every veteran
for their service. If not for the sacrifices of the men and women who
have fought our battles, our nation would not
exist.
Continuing the Peoples
Work
As we put the election season behind us, I am excited for
Congress to get back to work. The agenda for the newly elected Congress is a
promising one as was laid out in The Wall Street Journal by
Speaker John Boehner (R-OH) and future Senate Majority Leader
Mitch McConnell (R-KY)
on November 6, 2014. On Tuesday, the
American people entrusted us to right the ship and turn this country back
around.
President Ronald Reagan empowered America in the
1980s when he said, the American Dream lives As long as that dream
lives, as long as we continue to defend it, America has a future, and all
mankind has reason to hope. Reagans optimism and unifying message
uplifted Americans at a time when the unemployment rate was at a record
high and millions of Americans were losing hope. Today, we are facing
a similar reality. The reality is America is not broken, but
Washington is.
This is why people showed up at the polls on
Tuesday and showed that America is a democracy . The American
people showed that their politicians need to pay attention to what the
people are asking for.
We will work together in a bipartisan
fashion to stop American jobs from being driven overseas, prevent the
continually rising healthcare costs, work to stop the global threat of
terrorism, fix our broken education system, and reduce our out of
control debt. I am eager to get to work serving you and making sure your
concerns are heard and not
forgotten.
Supporting Energy Jobs in West
Virginia
On Wednesday November 5, 2014, I authored an opinion piece that ran in
the Charleston Daily Mail entitled:
Encourage
Natural Gas Markets Here and
Abroad .
America has vast natural gas deposits trapped in shale formations.
Both labor unions and businesses agree that exporting LNG
will create jobs and be an economic driving force.
In fact, over 1
million construction workers are currently unemployed and with the
exportation of LNG, we will drive production and support millions of jobs
in the construction and manufacturing industries.
Additionally, West Virginias very own National Energy Technology Laboratory,
the Department of Energys leader in fossil fuel research and
development,
released a report stating that LNG exports to
Europe and Asia
would significantly reduce global greenhouse gas
emissions worldwide.
In Congress, I voted for
H.R. 6, the Domestic Prosperity and Global Freedom Act , which
would:
Place a 30 day deadline on DOE to issue a
final decision on applications to export LNG following the conclusion
of the NEPA environmental review of the LNG
facilities;
Provide for expedited judicial review by the United States Court of
Appeals for the circuit in which the export facility will be located;
and
Require public disclosure of export destinations as a
condition of approval of authorization to export
LNG.
In the coming Congress, I look forward to promoting our natural
gas industry and creating jobs in West Virginia. For more information on
LNG exports:
http://energycommerce.house.gov/lngexports
West Virginia
Football
The West Virginia Mountaineers have had a
successful 2014 campaign, and their record sits at 6-3 after an
extremely close loss last week to TCU.
This weekend, the
team looks to bounce back with a game against Texas on Saturday at
3:30pm.
Be sure to tune in to watch the Mountaineers! They are ranked
24 th
in the nation.
In Huntington, the
Marshall University football team is having an incredible year, as their
record now stands at a perfect 8-0. They have four games remaining, with
a decent shot at perfection. They are the 23 rd
ranked team
in the country.
Constituent
Meetings
So far this year I have had more than
230 meetings across the district. Next week Congress will return to
Washington to start planning for next year.
If you are ever
in the Washington D.C. office please drop in and say hello. If you want
an appointment just give my office a call at 202-225-4172, or submit
a request on my website at
www.mckinley.house.gov .
What do you think? What do you think should be the top
priority for the next Congress? Jobs Healthcare National Debt Terror Threats Education Other *By answering this survey, you are subscribing to my
newsletter. If you are having trouble, click here. Share on
Facebook Share on
LinkedIn Share on Twitter Survey Results What are you doing for Halloween? Answer Total Trick or treating
7.43% Passing out candy 44.89% Visiting haunted house
2.17% Other 45.51%
Washington, DC
412 Cannon HOB |
Washington, DC 20515
Phone:
(202) 225-4172 |
Fax: (202)
225-7564
Morgantown
709 Beechurst
Ave.
Suite 14B
Morgantown, WV 26505
Phone:
304.284.8506
Wheeling
Horne Building
1100 Main Street, Suite 101
Wheeling,
WV 26003
Phone: (304) 232-3801
Fax:
304-232-3813
Parkersburg
Federal Building
425 Juliana Street
Suite 1004
Parkersburg, WV 26101
Phone: (304) 422-5972
Unsubscribe
|
Update My
Profile
|
Privacy Policy
