
This is my first email to you as the
former
Chairman of the Democratic Congressional Campaign Committee.
I know&hellip; I know&hellip; we&rsquo;ve already sent you plenty of emails this year. But I wanted to write you one last time to pass along some great news: Moments ago, we learned that we beat Boehner in one of the last uncalled Congressional races.
This one was Republicans&rsquo; top target in the entire country.
The Republicans spent a fortune to elect Obamacare-repealing, Social Security privatizing extremist Doug Ose.
In fact, Boehner, Rove, and the Republican outside groups spent more money to win California&rsquo;s 7th district than any other race in the country.
On Election Night, the race was too-close-to-call. But in the end, their right-wing cash was no match for your grassroots strength. Your donations and volunteer hours allowed us to reach out to key voters over 126,000 times -- and pull off a big victory!
That means of the 14 races that were too-close-to-call on Election Night, Democrats have won 13, and Republicans have won 0!
Democrats have won
13
Republicans have won
0
The margins in these races were razor thin. And your grassroots support is the reason we came out on top.
I can&rsquo;t say it enough. I&rsquo;m so proud of everything we&rsquo;ve done together. As we look ahead to 2016, I know that we&rsquo;ll keep fighting to push this country forward. But for now, I just want to say thank you!
Steve
P.S. It&rsquo;s been an honor to serve as your DCCC Chairman. If you didn&rsquo;t see the news, progressive champion Rep. Ben Ray Luj&aacute;n will serve as the new DCCC Chairman. I know he&rsquo;ll be a fighter for the Democratic values we hold dear.
Can you take a second to sign our card welcoming Chairman Luj&aacute;n?
Paid for by the Democratic Congressional Campaign Committee | 430 South Capitol Street SE, Washington, DC 20003 |
(202) 863-1500
| www.dccc.org | Not authorized by any candidate or candidate's committee.
This message was sent to:
dj724530@gmail.com
| If you'd like to sign up for emails in a different account, click
here .
We believe that emails are a crucial way for our campaign to stay in touch with supporters. If you'd just like to receive fewer emails, you can click
here . If you'd like to unsubscribe from DCCC emails, click
here . Thanks for your support of Democrats!
