
For Immediate Release
Contact: Jordan See
Thursday October 30, 2014
(202) 225-5031
Farm Bureau recognizes Congressman Gregg Harper
WASHINGTON, D.C. -
The Mississippi Farm Bureau today awarded Rep. Gregg Harper (R-Miss.) the Friend of Farm Bureau Award for his work in the 113th Congress. This is the third consecutive time that Mississippi Farm Bureau has honored Rep. Harper for his commitment to the farmers of Mississippi.
We are pleased to recognize Congressman Harper with our Friend of Farm Bureau Award and are grateful for the many things he does for Mississippi agriculture, said Mississippi Farm Bureau President Randy Knight. The congressman and his staff have been very supportive of our farmers by attending Farm Bureau events and listening to farmers concerns.
Rep. Harper serves on the House Committee on Energy and Commerce, where he is a member of three subcommittees: Environment and the Economy; Commerce, Manufacturing and Trade; and Oversight and Investigation. The states senior House Republican also sits on the select Committee on House Administration, a special appointment made by House Speaker John Boehner. Additionally, he serves as chairman of the Joint Committee of the Library of Congress.
Rep. Harper was cited for his support for the passage of the 2014 Farm Bill, which provides the structure for programs administered by the Department of Agriculture through 2018. He also supported the bill that continued funding for highways and transportation, a key component for farmers getting their products to market. In addition, Rep. Harper supported the Water Resources Reform and Development Act of 2013, which provided for improvements to the rivers and harbors of the United States and for the conservation and development of water resources.
The Friend of Farm Bureau Award is given at the end of each Congress to Members of the U.S. House of Representatives and U.S. Senate who were nominated by their respective state Farm Bureaus and approved by the American Farm Bureau Federation (AFBF) Board of Directors.
###
The Mississippi Farm Bureau Federation is the states largest general farm organization with more than 192,000 member-families statewide.
There are Farm Bureaus in all 82 counties in Mississippi where agriculture comprises a fundamental part of Mississippis economy.
Headquartered in Jackson, the federation is an independent, non-profit agricultural organization and is not associated with any arm of the government.
For more information about Farm Bureau, visit our website at
www.msfb.org .
harper.house.gov | (202) 225-5031 | 307 Cannon HOB | Washington, DC 20515
Update My Profile
|
Unsubscribe
|
Privacy Policy
