
If you are
having trouble viewing this message or would like to share it on a
social network, you can
view the message online .
HOME
ABOUT RENEE
2ND DISTRICT
NEWSROOM
CONSTITUENT SERVICES
LEGISLATION
CONTACT US
November 02, 2014
Photo of the
Week:
It was
such an honor meeting with the World War II Veterans from the Second
District who attended this year's trip to Washington, D.C. Above is
Mr. Rayfield, a resident of Dunn who is also a N.C. Disabled Veteran of
the Year. At the conclusion of the send-off event, members of the N.C.
Patriot Guard Riders lined the pathway from the Regency to the bus
that would take them to D.C. Cheering family members and a sea of
American flags made for quite the send
off!
This week was a special one, as I was able to spend time speaking with
19 World War II veterans from within the Second District as they
prepared for a trip to Washington, D.C. This trip allows for veterans to
visit the WWII memorial erected in their honor, as well as other
Washington sites. It was the sixth annual WWII veterans trip hosted by Dunn
businessman, Irvin Warren. The men boarded a bus early Monday morning
and visited the Arlington National Cemetary when they arrived in
Washington. Later that evening, they were treated to a banquet
dinner.
On Tuesday morning the veterans were joyfully greeted by members of
my staff outside of the WWII Memorial. These men risked their lives to
secure our freedom, and this trip is a well-deserved
thank you for their service
and sacrifice.
I also had the opportunity
to meet with military spouses on
Wednesday
to discuss the concerns and problems many of them face. I
spoke with spouses, families of the year, advocates, students, and former
military members. Its important to me that I keep a consistent
dialogue with these constituents- and I want them to know that my staff and
I are always available as a resource for them.
One of the
ways my office can better serve constituents is through casework.
Dedicated staff members in my Dunn and Asheboro office
work with constituents to resolve specific problems
theyve encountered. We have a team in both of these offices who work
hard every day to help constituents navigate complicated bureaucratic
systems and get answers to their questions.
It is always an honor to be your voice
in Washington, and I hope you
will reach out to my offices if there is ever anything we can
help you with.
WWII Veterans Trip to
Washington:
It was a
pleasure speaking with Campbell President, Dr. Jerry Wallace (left);
Miss Dunn Cotton Festival, Kate Peacock; Dunn Mayor Oscar Harris; and
businessman Irvin Warren who sponsored the
trip.
I really enjoyed speaking to some
of
America's greatest heroes at the Regency
in Dunn. It was
difficult to find the right words to adequately express our thankfulness
for their
sacrifices.
Pictured above are all nineteen WWII veterans that traveled to
Washington D.C.
The youngest veteran in the group is 87-years-old and there is
another who is a survivor of the Bataan Death March. We are all
incredibly grateful for their service, and I am so glad they had the
opportunity to go on this
trip.
Tax Fighter Award:
I received an "A" rating from the National Tax
Limitation Committee's Congressional Scorecard for the 113th Congress. I
was very honored to receive this distinction. Your tax dollars are not
everlasting, and our spending must be kept under control.
My 21st Wedding
Anniversary!
On more of a
personal note, I was thrilled to celebrate my 21st wedding anniversary
this past week with my husband, Brent. Time has flown, and I am so
looking forward to what the next 21 years will bring
us!
Washington, DC
426 Cannon HOB
Washington, DC 20515
Phone: (202)
225-4531
Fax: (202) 225-5662
Dunn
NC
406 W. Broad Street
Dunn, NC 28334
Phone: (910) 230-1910
Fax: (910)
230-1940
Asheboro, NC
222 Sunset Avenue, Suite 101
Asheboro, North Carolina 27203
Phone:
(336) 626-3060
Fax: (336)
629-7819
Toll Free in NC:
1-877-645-8764
Unsubscribe
|
Update My Profile
|
Privacy
Policy
gateway mail
end 