
November 11, 2014
Culberson to Introduce Bill to Allow Volunteer Physicians at the VA
Dear Friend,
I recently had a chance to speak with a physician at MD Anderson who was frustrated that she couldnt volunteer at a U.S. Department of Veterans Affairs (VA) medical facility. She had seen the reports about system-wide backlogs, shed heard the stories from veterans who waited months for an appointment, and she just wanted to help.
Unfortunately, bureaucratic red tape got in the waythe VA told her that they didnt want her help, and even if they did, it would be too difficult for her to volunteer. Imagine that: a physician from one of the countrys best hospitals wasnt allowed to volunteer her time and talents to help the men and women who have so bravely served our country.
Together, we came up with an idea Congress should encourage the VA to utilize this untapped resource. Its a simple step and a common-sense idea: if a certified doctor wants to help out, he or she should be able to. Our veterans shouldnt have to wait weeks, months, and years for care at their local VA. We can help veterans get the prompt care they need and deserve across the VA system by allowing volunteer doctors to provide services in facilities that are constrained by appointment waiting lists and staffing shortages.
This simple idea could potentially help hundreds of our veterans get quick access to high quality and reliable health care. My Physician Volunteer Ambassadors Helping Veterans Act would enable willing physicians to give their time and expertise to veterans in exchange for a forty-hour minimum annual volunteer commitment. Although the VA currently has the congressional authority to allow physician volunteers to work in its facilities, it does not often do so. Most importantly, this bill will allow local doctors to help patients in local VA hospitals. This enables the VA to retain oversight of its patients care while easing some of the pressure on permanent VA staff in strained facilities.
For generations, veterans have shown untold courage and sacrifice to ensure that our American way of life can continue long into the future. The men and women who have served our country are truly American heroes, and its not surprising that people around the country want to help the VA serve our veterans. This bill is a step toward making sure our veterans get the care theyve earned.
Sincerely,
John Culberson
Connect
NOTE: Please DO NOT respond to this email as this inbox is unattended. To contact my office please
click here
UNSUBSCRIBE
|
PRIVACY POLICY
|
CONTACT US
Click Here Click Here