
November 11, 2014
Click here
if you have trouble viewing this email
ABOUT DENNIS
|
SERVING YOU
|
NEWSROOM
|
ISSUES &amp; LEGISLATION
|
15TH DISTRICT
|
CONTACT
15th District Update
Dear Neighbor,
It was on the 11 th
hour, on the 11 th
day of the 11 th
month in 1918 when World War I came to an end and the United States military returned home from fighting alongside the Allied Powers. Because WWI was not the end to all wars, Veterans Day became the day we honor all of our military personnel who fought for the independence of our country. Words cannot adequately express the depth of gratitude I have for the heroes who served in WWI, WWII, the Korean War, Vietnam, and the Persian Gulf War. I continue to remain grateful for the men and women who served in the War in Afghanistan, the Iraq War, for those who remain in Libya and Syria, and who are currently taking part in military intervention against ISIL.
Its an honor and blessing to live in a country where democracy thrives and the American Dream can live on because of our service members, veterans and fallen heroes who fortify our nations independence. My fellow Americans and I would not be able to build upon this country if it weren't for our veterans. I am proud of the 1.5 million veterans who call Florida home, including the 160,000 fearless women who served in our military.
These men and women remained true to their creed and braved unspeakable situations to protect our values. Because of their immeasurable dedication, we must maintain our promise to care for our military once they return home. You have my word that I will remain vigilant in helping to pass legislation that provides the proper care to our military who bear visible and unseen wounds.
Our courageous military keeps our nations values secure and their duty bears propinquity to our hearts. Please join me in honoring America and our veteran heroes to whom I send my deepest gratitude.
As always, please continue to
write ,
call , and
email
your opinions to my office. I could not effectively represent you in Congress without the advice of my constituents. It is an honor and a privilege to serve you in Congress.
Your Congressman,
Dennis A. Ross
Veteran Support
Veteran Helpline
is a free service for veterans who are transitioning to life after the military. This helpline allows veterans to engage with fellow veterans and discuss local support groups: 1-844-MYFLVET (693-5838).
Polk County Vet Center
http://www.va.gov/directory/guide/facility.asp?ID=6159
Hillsborough County Veteran Affairs
http://www.hillsboroughcounty.org/index.aspx?NID=284
The Veterans Crisis Line
connects Veterans in crisis and their families with qualified Department of Veterans Affairs responders. Services include a confidential, toll-free hotline, online chat, or text.
http://veteranscrisisline.net/
Florida Department of Veterans Affairs
http://floridavets.org/
The Veterans History Project
Part of the Library of Congress, this project collects, preserves, and puts online personal stories provided by American war veterans so future generations may hear veterans first-hand experiences and better understand the realities of war. The Project collects first-hand accounts of U.S. Veterans from World War I, World War II, the Korean War, the Vietnam War, the Persian Gulf War, and the Afghanistan and Iraq conflicts. Veterans can participate themselves by recording their experiences or donating photographs or letters. Non-veterans can participate by interviewing veterans or donating photographs or letters. The Library of Congress states that currently woman, Hispanic and current-conflict veterans are underrepresented in this project.
Please add your story here:
www.loc.gov/vets/
E-NEWS SIGN UP
Get the latest news in your inbox by signing up here !
WASHINGTON, D.C. OFFICE
229 Cannon HOB
Washington, D.C. 20515
T(202) 225-1252
F(202) 226-0585
LAKELAND OFFICE
170 Fitzgerald Rd., Ste 1
Lakeland, FL 33813
T(863) 644-8215
T(813) 752-4790
F(863) 648-0749
UPDATE SUBSCRIPTION OPTIONS
|
PRIVACY POLICY
|
CONTACT US
Click Here Click Here