
If you are having trouble viewing this message or
would like to share it on a social network, you can
view the message online .
November 10, 2014
Unsubscribe
Update My
Profile
Website
|
About Bob
Corker
|
News
|
Services
|
Issues &amp;
Legislation
|
Contact
E-MAIL
UPDATES
Yes, please
periodically send me e-mail updates.*
Click Here
*By subscribing to my
e-mail updates, you are authorizing me to
send regular e-mail updates from my office to your e-mail
account.
Please select the areas of interest to
you. Agriculture Budget/Economy Defense Education Energy Environment/Air Quality Foreign Affairs Guns/ 2nd Amendment Health Care Immigration Judiciary/Crime Protecting
Life Social
Security Taxes Transportation Veterans Affairs War On Terrorism *By answering this survey, you are
subscribing to my newsletter. If you are having trouble,
click here.
Please Feel Free to Tell a Friend E-mail: E-mail: E-mail:
Update from Senator Bob Corker
November 10,
2014
Senate Republican Majority Represents Unique
Opportunity
Senator Corker issued the following statement on the
Senate election results, calling the Republican majority in the Senate a
unique opportunity to move beyond gridlock and govern
responsibly.
In Tennessee and across the country, Americans have voted to
move our country forward by electing candidates that will focus on
growing our economy, repairing our fiscal house and strengthening our
nations role in the world, said Corker. After years of gridlock, this
election represents a unique opportunity for Congress and the
administration to govern responsibly. Some of our country's greatest
achievements have occurred when one party controls Congress and another the
White House, so I hope the president will take advantage of this
opportunity by rolling up his sleeves and working with a new Congress to
advance the nations interests and improve the standard of living for
Americans.
Corker
Travels Across Tennessee
Last week, Senator
Corker visited seven Tennessee counties to meet with Tennesseans and
discuss areas where Congress and the White House can work to move our
country forward and solve the big issues facing our
nation.
Senator Corker began his travels Wednesday in Cleveland, addressing
students at an event hosted by the Walker Valley High School Key Club. The
senator encouraged the students to master a skill, develop a bold vision
and give back to their community. Later, Corker traveled to Knoxville
where he met with over 700 business and community leaders at an event
hosted by the Legacy Parks Foundation, a non-profit organization
focused on recreational opportunities and preserving the areas natural
resources. He ended the day at an event hosted by the
Crossville-Cumberland County Chamber of Commerce.
November 5, 2014
Senator Corker speaks to students at Walker Valley High School (Bradley
County).
Chattanooga Times Free
Press: Bob Corker urges Walker Valley High School students to 'give
back'
Cleveland Daily Banner: Corker urges
volunteerism at WVHS
Cleveland Daily Banner:
Corker prepares for new position: Senator to lead Foreign
Relations
November 5, 2014
Senator Corker mingles with attendees
before delivering remarks at an event hosted by the Legacy Parks
Foundation in Knoxville (Knox County).
Knoxville News Sentinel: Celebrating outdoors: Urban Wilderness event
draws senator
November 5, 2014
Senator Corker
delivers remarks at an event hosted by the Crossville-Cumberland County
Chamber of Commerce (Cumberland County).
Crossville Chronicle: Corker: Mid-terms not a
'mandate'
On Thursday, Corker began the day in Columbia at an event
hosted by the Rotary Club and the Kiwanis Club. Later, the senator traveled
to Lewisburg to meet with business and community leaders at an event
hosted by the Marshall County Joint Economic and Community Development
Board, South Central Development District, and Chamber of
Commerce.
November 6, 2014
Senator Corker addresses a joint
event of the Rotary Club and Kiwanis Club of Columbia (Maury
County).
Columbia Daily Herald: Corker:
Congress must compromise
November 6, 2014
Senator
Corker meets with business and community leaders in Marshall
County.
The senator concluded his seven county tour across the
Volunteer State on Friday, meeting with Tennesseans in Williamson
County.
November 7, 2014
Senator Corker addresses a
record crowd at the Williamson County Chamber of Commerces First Friday
event.
Williamson Herald: Corker
speaks with business leaders today, outlines legislative
priorities
Offering Hope to
Tennessee Families Stuck in Adoption
Limbo
Last month, Senator Corker and a bipartisan group of 185 lawmakers urged
parliamentary leaders in the Democratic Republic of Congo (DRC) to
pass adoption reform legislation and resume intercountry adoptions after
the country suspended issuance of exit letters last
year.
Ive had the opportunity to hear firsthand the stories of many
Tennessee families who are stuck in limbo trying to provide a better
home and life for orphaned children living in the DRC, and I remain
committed to broader efforts to improve the international adoption process
so children can have the opportunity to grow up in permanent and safe
families, said Corker.
In September 2013, the DRC
suspended the issuance of exit permits for children adopted by foreign
parents. According to the U.S. Department of State, approximately 325
children who have been legally adopted by U.S. families and have been
given Congolese passports and U.S. visas await exit letters, including
several children with urgent, life-threatening medical
problems.
Advocacy groups indicate more than 20 families in the Volunteer
State are affected by the DRCs halt on adoptions. Corker has met
with several Tennessee families, including the Sokolowksi family of
Nashville, in various stages of the adoption process and continues to work
toward a solution that will bring the children home to the United
States.
June 25, 2014
Senator Corker meets with
Mary Ann Sokolowski in his D.C. office in June to hear about her
adoption process.
The Sokolowskis shared their story with
WTVC News Channel 9 in Chattanooga last week. Click the image below to
watch
their story.
Click image to watch the
story
A top priority of Senator
Corkers is providing access and assistance to Tennesseans. If you are a
resident of Tennessee and need assistance resolving any challenge you
may be experiencing with a federal agency, please contact one of our six
state offices for casework assistance. You can read more information
about how our office can help you with a federal agency by clicking
here .
Roundtable on Ebola Threat and Tennessee
Preparedness
On October 31, Senators Corker and Alexander held a
fact-finding roundtable in Chattanooga with local health officials and
medical experts to discuss Tennessees preparedness for Ebola and
highlight the work being done in Hamilton County that is critical to our
countrys Ebola response and overall preparedness.
While the
focus of our nations efforts to stop Ebola remain in West Africa,
Tennesseans expect federal, state and local officials to take reasonable
and coordinated precautions to keep them safe from the deadly virus.
We need to make sure our hospitals are prepared to address a potential
case where a patient may show symptoms associated with Ebola, and I
am glad our hospital administrators, public health officials and local
leaders in Tennessee are working together to make that happen, said
Corker.
October 31, 2014
Senator Corker asks local
health officials and medical experts about Tennessees preparedness
for Ebola.
To keep up with Senator Corker's work
in the Senate, follow him on
Facebook ,
Twitter
and
Instagram .
CONTACT INFORMATION
Washington, D.C.
425 Dirksen Senate Office Building |
United States Senate |
Washington, D.C. 20510
Phone:
202-224-3344 |
Fax: 202-228-0566
Chattanooga
10 West MLK Blvd., 6th
Floor
Chattanooga, TN 37402
Phone:
423-756-2757
Fax: 423-756-5313
Jackson
91 Stonebridge Boulevard
Suite 103
Jackson, TN
38305
Main: 731-664-2294
Fax: 731-664-4670
Knoxville
800 Market Street, Ste.
121
Knoxville, TN 37902
Phone: 865-637-4180
Fax:
865-637-9886
Memphis
100 Peabody Place, Ste.
1125
Memphis, TN 38103
Phone: 901-683-1910
Fax:
901-575-3528
Tri-Cities
1105 East Jackson Boulevard
Suite 4
Jonesborough, TN
37659
Phone: 423-753-2263
Fax: 423-753-3679
Nashville
3322 West End
Ave., Ste. 610
Nashville, TN 37203
Phone:
615-279-8125
Fax: 615-279-9488
You can also
Click Here
to contact Senator Bob Corker using
an online form
Update My
Profile
-
Unsubscribe
-
Privacy Policy
gateway mail end
