
Can't see the pictures? Select "Always display images" or
view this message in your browser
Are You Covered?
November 15, 2014
Congresswoman Pelosi discusses the benefits of the Affordable Care Act and how Covered California is working to ensure all Californians have access to affordable health insurance.
Dear San Franciscan,
Over 1.3 million Californians have enrolled in quality, affordable health care in California&rsquo;s health insurance marketplace,
Covered California . Another 2 million more now receive care as a result of the expansion of Medi-Cal under the Affordable Care Act. The landmark law is strengthening the physical and economic health of our nation as never before, ensuring that health care will be a right, not a privilege, for all Americans.
Starting on November 15th, San Franciscans may apply for Covered California plans for 2015.Open enrollment ends on February 15, 2015. Current Covered California plans must be renewed by December 15th to avoid coverage gaps.
best regards,
I am interested in:
Congresswoman Pelosi joins Chef Tom Colicchio; Richard Carranza, Superintendent of the San Francisco Unified School District; and Kristin Groos, Revolution Foods CEO, at Mission High School to demonstrate the importance of healthy eating at school and at home.
Happy and Healthy Holidays
Planning on gathering around the table with friends and family this Thanksgiving? As we enter the holiday season, visit
www.foodsafety.gov
to learn how to prepare a meal that is both delicious and healthy.
Building a healthy diet and engaging in regular exercise can lower health care costs. Many resources exist for San Franciscans interested in making
healthier food choices
and
fitting physical activity
into their life.
Keeping your home
safe and secure
can also reduce the chances of a preventable accident landing you or a family member in the emergency room.
This mailing was prepared, published and mailed at taxpayer expense
Unsubscribe
Washington, DC
235 Cannon HOB
Washington, D.C. 20515
Phone: (202) 225-4965
Map it!
District Office
90 7th Street, Suite 2-800
San Francisco, CA 94103
Phone: (415) 556-4862
Map it!
Click Here
to be removed from this list
