
If you are having trouble viewing this message or would like
to share it on a social network, you can
view the message online .
HOME
|
ABOUT
|
CONTACT
|
HOW CAN I HELP
|
MEDIA
|
ISSUES
|
THE 12TH DISTRICT
|
LEGISLATION
Dear
David,
Helping the Sick and
Less Fortunate
Below you can read about my work this week to help
people who are suffering with PTS and those suffering with rare
diseases.
COVER Our
Veterans
While it is vital that
Veterans receive the care they need, it is equally important to recognize
that one size does not fit all when discussing treatments for Veterans.
The invisible wounds they sustain serving our country are just as
serious as physical ones. While many Veterans may thrive under
traditional plans and medical care, some may not be as responsive. We need to
provide Veterans with choices and easy access to alternative forms
of therapies that work best for them.
My bill, the COVER
Act, will ascertain the viability of alternative treatments, providing a
pathway forward that will eventually allow Veterans to have a range
of options for mental health treatments such as outdoor sports therapy,
hyperbaric oxygen therapy, accelerated resolution therapy, and
service dog therapy.This week, the House Veterans Affairs Health
Subcommittee held a legislative hearing on the COVER Act, where I spoke about its
importance. This hearing is one step closer to getting the COVER Act
signed into law.
OPENing
Doors to Treatments &amp; Cures
There are over 7,000 rare diseases, impacting 30 million Americans
that is nearly one in ten people. Over 95% of these diseases have no
treatments, because each rare disease impacts a small number of
patients. That is why I introduced the bipartisan Orphan Product Extensions
Now Accelerating Cures &amp; Treatments (OPEN ACT).
My
bill will leverage the free market to incentivize drugs to be repurposed
to treat rare diseases. The OPEN ACT has the potential to result in
hundreds of new drugs and treatments for individuals with rare diseases,
as well as a new surge in biotechnology jobs and investments. This
bill can help millions of people by ensuring medications are safe and
effective for rare conditions, and can be reimbursed through insurance
coverage.
EBOLA
This week,
I participated in a hearing
to continue my oversight of the Ebola crisis in West Africa
and
its impact on the United States. I am deeply concerned about the threat
Ebola poses to public health. The priority must be ensuring the
safety of Americans, and stopping this outbreak in West Africa and around
the world. In order to guarantee no further importation to the U.S.,
the Ebola virus must be immediately eradicated in West
Africa.
The sparse availability of medical products to diagnose and treat
Ebola patients has become apparent. This crisis is not over, especially
in West Africa. Private sector health care entities and federal
agencies like NIH and the CDC need to be incentivized and leveraged to
develop medical products. Eradication of the Ebola virus in West Africa
will provide invaluable lessons for future efforts in combatting any
potential infectious disease outbreak.
Sincerely,
Gus Bilirakis
Member of
Congress
Unsubscribe
|
Update My Profile
|
Privacy Policy
