
December 2014 Newsletter
Is this email not displaying correctly? View it in your browser .
December 2014
President Obama recently announced a series of executive orders regarding immigration.
His executive amnesty is illegal, unfair, costly, and dangerous because it will spur a wave of further illegal immigration.
It&rsquo;s illegal and unconstitutional for the President to usurp legislative power clearly delegated to Congress.
The President has no statutory authority or inherent power to apply prosecutorial discretion to millions of people.
It&rsquo;s unfair to millions of legal immigrants that have played by the rules, and it&rsquo;s unfair to the American workforce as labor rates will decline.
It&rsquo;s costly because most amnestied illegals will have
immediate access
to taxpayer funded benefits such as Medicaid, Obamacare, Social Security, and Unemployment Insurance.
It&rsquo;s dangerous because amnesty encourages further illegal immigration facilitated by our unsecure border.
Last month, I
visited
with Customs and Border Protection (CBP) and National Guard personnel manning the Rio Grande Valley sector of the southern border &ndash; the area most trafficked by cartels smuggling people, drugs, and weapons into the United States.
The border is not secure .
CBP is undermanned, underfunded, and hampered by ridiculous environmental protection laws that limit patrol and surveillance access across much of the border.
I also learned that the cartels &ndash; and the foreign governments that abet smuggling operations &ndash; are deeply sensitive to changes in U.S. immigration policy.
During the Unaccompanied Children surge crisis, House Republicans passed a bill to suspend foreign aid to Central American countries until they acted to stop the flow of illegal immigrants.
Though President Obama ignored our bill, the mere threat of congressional action prompted consular officials from Guatemala, El Salvador, and Honduras to instruct detained illegals to stay home once deported.
How should Congress respond to Obama&rsquo;s illegal executive amnesty?
Congress should exercise the power of the purse to withhold funding necessary to implement the President&rsquo;s amnesty.
I hope the President does not choose to shut down the government to enact an executive action that American does not want, that Congress did not vote for, and that is unconstitutional.
Vote for Speaker of the House
In November, the Republican nominee for Speaker of the U.S. House of Representatives was selected in a meeting of all the Republican Members elected to serve in the 114th Congress.
Read More
No More Tax Manipulations
We have a deeply flawed tax code.
It is already unnecessarily complex and confusing.
The Mercatus Center at George Mason University estimates that Americans spend more than 6 billion hours a year complying with the tax code.
Read More
The President&#39;s Radical Green Agenda
The President has shown that he will stop at nothing to implement the radical green agenda his far left supporters demand.
Read More
Protecting the Pledge of Allegiance
Atheists are suing a New Jersey school district to remove the phrase &ldquo;under God&rdquo; claiming the Pledge discriminates against atheists, despite the fact that reciting the pledge is a voluntary act.
One young student put it best, &ldquo;If anyone wants to remain silent, that is their right. But it is not their right to silence me.&rdquo;
Read More
Remember the Troops Over the Holidays
As we enjoy time with our families over the holidays, let us remember our warfighters, and their families, who serve our country at home and abroad.
follow on Twitter
|
friend on Facebook
|
forward to a friend
Copyright &copy; 2014 Congressman Jim Bridenstine, All rights reserved.
You are receiving this email because you opted in at our website or at an event.
Our mailing address is:
Congressman Jim Bridenstine 2448 E 81st St Suite 5150 Tulsa ,
OK
74137 Add us to your address book
unsubscribe from this list
|
update subscription preferences
