DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.0 Transitional//EN" "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml1/DTD/xhtml1-transitional.dtd"
District Update | November 21, 2014
Click here
if you have trouble viewing this email
Dear Friends,
This week, both the House of Representatives and the Senate took up legislation to get construction going on the Keystone XL Pipeline. In both chambers, the bill gained significant bipartisan support despite a disappointing veto threat from President Obama. With my support, the House voted in favor of beginning the project. Sadly, the Senate fell only one vote short of overcoming a filibuster.
The House has shown strong support for the Keystone XL pipeline and has worked in a bipartisan manner to advance construction of the project.
The pipeline will create thousands of new jobs at a time when our countrys labor participation rate is at a historic low and cheaper energy prices for American families struggling in this tepid economic recovery.
At some point, President Obama has to realize that blocking the Keystone XL pipeline is forcing American consumers to depend on volatile oil-rich regimes and is hurting our diplomatic relationship with our top trading partner - Canada. Canadas abundant natural resources will be put to use; the question is who will benefit
American consumers or our economic competitors?
U.S. refineries are cleaner, too. After the State Department released its report demonstrating that the pipelines construction and operation is environmentally safe, President Obama lost his major argument against Keystone XL. Unfortunately, the President and his allies have not been moved by the facts.
Jobs and the economy will continue to be one of my top priorities as I represent you. There are still far too many Americans seeking full-time work while stuck in part-time jobs and families struggling to pay the bills, and I'll keep fighting to fix that.
I hope your family has a Happy Thanksgiving. Enjoy the fun, food, and football!
Sincerely,
Representative Ed Royce
News for Nov 14 - Nov 21, 2014
Welcoming the Flying Tigers to
the US Capitol
I recently
welcomed the photo exhibit
Salute to WWII Flying Tigers in China to the US Capitol. This exhibition depicts the historical events of the Flying Tigers in some 200 photos in 48 free standing retractable banners.
"Flying Tigers" is the name for the American Volunteer Groups (AVG), China Air Task Force (CATF) and the Fourteenth Army Air Force (14th AAF), all of which were under the command of United States Army Lieutenant General Claire L. Chennault during the World War II campaign to defend China against invading Japanese forces.
The Flying Tigers are notable for their large volunteer presence
and distinguished combat record, credited with 296 enemy aircraft destroyed. In 1996, the United States Air Force awarded the Flying Tigers pilots the Distinguished Flying Cross and the ground crew with the Bronze Star Medal.
Team Royce Seeks Spring 2015 Interns
My D.C., Brea, and Rowland Heights offices offer internship opportunities for college students and recent graduates. Interns complete legislative research, attend Congressional hearings or events in the district, answer phones, read mail, and much more. All three offices are currently accepting applications for
Spring 2015 , apply
here .
Rep. Royce Selected as House Foreign Affairs Committee Chairman
I was honored that my colleagues selected me to continue serving as Chairman of the House Foreign Affairs Committee in the next Congress.
Over the last two years, our nation has faced continuous, serious threats from across the globe, including ISIL, Russia and North Korea. Unfortunately, many of these threats have been met with a confused and often passive Obama Administration foreign policy. From combating the long-term threat posed by ISIL and other terrorists, to countering the influence of false news and destructive ideas overseas, to conducting rigorous oversight of this Administration, the Committee has been working diligently to make our nation more secure and prosperous. But much work remains. The Committee will continue its efforts to stop Irans march toward nuclear weapons, which threatens to undermine fundamentally the security of us and our critical allies.
The Committee will also continue to promote U.S. economic engagement worldwide, particularly in Asia, where economies are continually growing. I look forward to working with all members of the Committee to meet the many challenges and seize the many opportunities in front of our great nation.
Eliminating VA Burial Delays
Reports of unburied veterans bodies at the Los Angeles County mortuary
are deeply unsettling and these travesties are the result of burial procedure loopholes at the VA. Earlier this year, I introduced the "Veterans Dignified Burial Act" to address the issue.
The bill will ensure the VA follows up on pending burials 30 days after a recently deceased person has been confirmed as a veteran, so that we know he or she is treated with both dignity and respect. Just yesterday, my colleague Senator Dean Heller of Nevada
introduced this legislation in the U.S. Senate , bringing it one step closer to becoming a law.
While the quality of the healthcare that veterans receive has been in the news lately, our veterans deserve the same attention when it comes to their burials.
CONNECT
Facebook
Youtube
ORANGE COUNTY OFFICE
210 W. Birch Street, Ste 201
Brea, CA 92821
T (714) 255-0101
LOS ANGELES COUNTY OFFICE
1380 S. Fullerton Road, Suite 205
Rowland Heights, CA 91748
T (626) 964-5123
WASHINGTON, DC OFFICE
2185 Rayburn House Office Building
Washington, DC 20515
T (202) 225-4111
UPDATE SUBSCRIPTION OPTIONS
|
PRIVACY POLICY
|
CONTACT US
Click Here Click Here