
1OO,OOO SIGNATURES NEEDED --
Tell Republicans: NO MORE GOVERNMENT SHUTDOWNS &gt;&gt;
We all remember the disaster that was the 2013 government shutdown. American families certainly remember. They felt it the hardest.
Now, Republicans could do it all over again when the legislation to keep the government running expires on December 11.
Enough is enough. Tell Speaker Boehner and Mitch McConnell to take another government shutdown off the table.
Supporter:
David Johnson Signature:
PENDING (click here to sign) &gt;&gt;
Sign Your Name &gt;&gt;
David -- Republicans are already stirring up trouble.
The legislation to keep the federal government running is expiring in just 5 days. That means Congress needs to act to keep it running, but
Boehner has already refused to rule out another government shutdown
because of President Obama&rsquo;s use of his Constitutionally granted executive action power.
BOEHNER: "We are going to fight the president tooth and nail if he continues down this path [&hellip;] So all of the options are on the table."
This is just ridiculous. Instead of actually working to help the American people, Republicans are choosing to play games. The only thing they&rsquo;re focused on actually doing is hurting President Obama.
The last time they did this, it was a disaster. America just can&rsquo;t afford another government shutdown.
SIGN YOUR NAME:
Tell Republicans to take another government shutdown off the table &gt;&gt;
Thanks,
DCCC
Paid for by the Democratic Congressional Campaign Committee | 430 South Capitol Street SE, Washington, DC 20003 |
(202) 863-1500
| www.dccc.org | Not authorized by any candidate or candidate's committee.
This message was sent to:
dj724530@gmail.com
| If you'd like to sign up for emails in a different account, click
here .
We believe that emails are a crucial way for our campaign to stay in touch with supporters. However, if you'd rather not receive anymore emails about the 2014 Election, click
here . If you'd just like to receive fewer emails, you can click
here .
We are already at work preparing for what's next. Early support will be critical for building our next campaign to defeat Tea Party Republicans. 99% of our contributions come from grassroots donations, with an average gift of $22. If you'd like to unsubscribe from DCCC emails, click
here . If you'd like to make an online donation, click
here . Thanks for your support of Democrats!
