
E-news Sign-up
Monday November 17, 2014
CONTACT STEVEN
Back to Work
In Case You
Missed It...
Palazzo quizzes Secretary of Defense Chuck Hagel on ISIL strategy
Rep. Steven Palazzo, R-Biloxi, questioned Secretary of Defense Chuck Hagel and Chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff, General Martin E. Dempsey during a House Armed Services Hearing today regarding the administration's strategy and military campaign against ISIL, the Islamic State in Iraq and the Levant.
Monument dedication
Palazzo said it was an honor to be in Picayune for Veterans Day and urged the crowd to thank veterans and their families.
States delegation is upwardly mobile
Mississippis Reps. Alan Nunnelee and Steven Palazzo, elected to their third terms, are also pretty well liked by the House leadership. Nunnelee already serves on the powerful Appropriations Committee, and Palazzo, whos on the majority whip team, was notably assigned to a third committee recently, Homeland Security.
National Priorities
Its back to work this week in Washington, D.C. as I continue fighting for our nations top prioritiesNational Security, Job Creation, Energy Independence and Securing our Borders. In light of recent events it is clear that the American people are craving conservative leadership. Citizens nationwide used their voice to send a message, and it was received loud and clear. Its time to replace the presidents failed policies with common-sense, conservative reforms that actually provide solutions to our nations problems and get Americans working again.
Keystone XL
Last week I supported the passage of a bill in the House that approves the Keystone XL Pipeline project. Domestic energy production has the power to both create jobs as well as strengthen Americas national security by reducing our nations dependence on foreign oil. Now the Senate and the President must act and join the House in approving this long-overdue energy project.
Veterans Day
Tuesday was a day to thank our veterans for their service and sacrifices. I had the privilege of participating in Veterans Day events across South Mississippi. I started the day at Colmer Middle School In Pascagoula where I spoke to students about the importance of showing their appreciation for our veterans. I then made my way to Picayune and took part in the unveiling of the Fallen Soldier Battle Cross monument.
On Wednesday I
spoke on the House floor
to thank everyone who celebrated Veterans Day and remind my colleagues that every day is a great day to thank a veteran.
In Your Service,
Steven M. Palazzo
Member of Congress
NOTE: Please DO NOT respond to this email as this inbox is unattended. To contact my office please
click here
UNSUBSCRIBE
|
PRIVACY POLICY
|
CONTACT US
Click Here Click Here