
If you
are having trouble viewing this message or would like to share it on a
social network, you can
view the message online .
About
Contact
Services
Media Center
Legislation
Issues
Resources
November 30, 2014
President Obama's Amnesty Do you support President Obamas executive action to grant
amnesty to millions of illegal immigrants? No Yes I don't
know. Tell me
your ideas. *By answering this survey, you are
subscribing to my newsletter.
To submit your answer, click here.
Friends,
Like you, I am absolutely outraged at
President Obamas my way or no way approach to the serious issues facing our
nation.
From unilaterally re-writing his signature health
care law, to enacting sweeping illegal amnesty policies, weve seen the
President and his Administration continually undermine the rule of
law. These actions are a violation of our constitutional separation of
powers and the system of checks and balances our forefathers
established.
To make matters worse, the Presidents liberal policies are
ones that Americans neither want nor what our country needs to get
back on track.
By bypassing
Congress to unilaterally change our immigration laws, President Obama
is disrespecting our constitution and ignoring the American people
who demanded that leaders in Washington work together.
His
executive order to grant amnesty to more than 5 million unlawful immigrants
is unacceptable, and I do not support it.
Granting amnesty
to illegal immigrants is an affront to American workers and the people
who are trying to join our country legally. We are a nation of
immigrants, but first and foremost, we are a nation of laws. We cannot
continue to have an immigration system that rewards people who break our
laws while punishing those who choose to follow
them.
As Ive said before, I recognize our immigration
system is broken and needs to be fixed, but I cannot and will not support
any type of immigration reform until we secure the border first.
Border security needs to be addressed first as part of a common sense,
step-by-step approach that focuses on a long-term solution.
Any
immigration reform remains ineffective and futile as long as our border
remains
unsecured.
Further, I have deep concerns that the Presidents action will drastically
escalate the flow of illegal immigrants across our southern border.
This week, my colleagues on the Homeland Security Committee and I will
hold a hearing to address the impact of the Presidents amnesty on
border security and how DHS plans to secure the border and stop any
additional illegal immigration.
We remain focused on permanent,
meaningful reforms that address the root of the problem to stop the
influx of illegal
immigration.
Just as vital, we are committed to working together to respect our
democratic process and the will of the American people. Regardless of
which side of the issue you stand on, we should all agree that there is
a right way and wrong way to move forward.
Immigration is a
complex issue deserving of a full and fair debate that includes all
leaders in Washington and, most importantly, the will of the very people
who elected us to serve.
President Obama himself has said 22
times that he would not circumvent Congress and your demands by
unilaterally changing or ignoring immigration law. To quote him directly,
President Obama said in 2010, ... I am obliged to execute the law.
That's what the Executive Branch means. I can't just make the laws up by
myself.
Instead of standing by
his word, the President has chosen to single-handedly act on this issue
and bring more uncertainty to an already broken system.
Rest
assured, I will do everything in my power to block the Administrations
illegal amnesty policies and I remain committed to working with my
colleagues to secure the
border.
There will be some tough decisions ahead, but I can assure you
that Im listening to your priorities at home and sharing them with my
colleagues.
Please let
me know what your priorities are when it comes to immigration reform
and share your thoughts on the Presidents executive action to grant
amnesty to millions of illegal immigrants by answering the survey above,
by emailing me through my website at
Hudson.House.Gov , or by calling my
Washington office at
202-225-3715 .
Until
next week,
Richard
Hudson
Member of Congress
(NC-08)
Concord Office
325 McGill Ave, NW
Suite
500
Concord, NC 28027
Phone: (704) 7861612
Rockingham Office
1015 Fayetteville Rd
Rockingham, NC
28379
Phone: (910) 9972070
Washington D.C. Office
429 Cannon HOB
Washington, DC
20515
Phone: (202) 2253715
Unsubscribe
|
Update My Profile
|
Privacy
Policy
