
David,
I know that you have received what feels like a million emails from me this election cycle.
I am so grateful for your patience, but even more thankful for your generosity, trust and confidence.
Your contributions over the past months and years have provided our team with the resources to fight back against a massive influx of outside money attacking my every belief -- my every effort to help move our nation forward. I decided to run for Congress because I saw that, for the first time, the American promise that our children would be better off than the generations before was in jeopardy.
Make no mistake, our promises matter. They show where our priorities lie... what&rsquo;s truly important to us... what moves us to action.
Let me be clear, we need to protect Medicare and Social Security, and we should never turn Medicare into a voucher program. We should always defend Planned Parenthood, not defund it. We can grow our economy while at the same time preserving our environment for future generations.
We must make sure that equal work means equal pay. We should raise the minimum wage, because no one working full time should be forced to live in poverty. We must pass comprehensive immigration reform. And, we must protect the critical and hard-fought health care reforms of Obamacare.
That&rsquo;s why this election is different, and why your help is so crucial. In 2014, I won by 1% -- 3,326 votes.
This time, the election is just as close, and the stakes are higher. That is the reason my opponent and his affiliated outside groups have spent nearly $10 million to defeat us.
But your contributions and the thousands of volunteers knocking on doors and calling on phones are more powerful than the millions spent by these Super PACs.
Thanks again for all your help. We are so close. But we can&rsquo;t let up now. If you have anything left to give, I assure you we can put it to good use.
Sincerely,
Brad
Paid for by Schneider for Congress Schneider for Congress, PO Box 1318, Deerfield IL 60015
This message was sent to: dj724530@gmail.com | Change or update your email address by
clicking here .
We believe that emails are a crucial way for our campaign to stay in touch with supporters like you. However, if you'd prefer to take a break from emails,
click here . If you'd just like to receive fewer emails, you can
click here .
Our campaign is powered by supporters like you. Your grassroots support is critical to helping Brad fight back against right-wing attacks.
If you&rsquo;d still like to unsubscribe from our emails,
click here .
If you'd like to donate to our campaign, please
click here .
Thanks for having Brad's back!
