DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.0 Transitional//EN" "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml1/DTD/xhtml1-transitional.dtd"
Share on:
News Brief
Message from Dave
Dear Friends,
Weve been having a productive and engaging district work period. Ive had opportunities on both sides of the mountains to meet with many of you, and I look forward to the time I have remaining to spend with more of you before I head back to D.C.
It has been a pleasure to visit various companies such as Lakeside Industries in Issaquah and Apple Physical Therapy in Auburn and learn more about how they are serving our community. Ive met with lymphedema advocates to discuss the
Lymphedema Treatment Act
I introduced earlier this year.
I discussed ways of keeping our states foster youth safe and healthy in all aspects with Columbia Legal Services and
I also had the honor of presenting the 8 th
Districts own Susan Chung with an
Angel in Adoption award
for her extraordinary work starting the Korean Adoptee Family Foundation.
Ive even got to help kick of the Leavenworth Oktoberfest festivities this year. Its exciting to see how this old tradition still brings everyone together.
I also want to take a moment to remember the tragedy that happened the previous Friday at Marysville-Pilchuck High School. This event continues to shake us, and is a reminder in my own life to treasure every moment with loved ones. But what is most encouraging and so incredible in all of this is the way people throughout the region, from other schools to the Seahawks franchise, have reached out to help and comfort the Marysville community. Washingtonians are a resilient people and I could not be more proud of how we have come together, even in the midst of unspeakable grief.
We continue to pray the Marysville community, particularly for the families of the victims, the students and staff, and those continuing to recover.
It is an honor to serve you,
Dave
From the
NEWSROOM
Lymphedema advocates visit the Issaquah District Office to discuss the best ways to support Rep. Reichert's Lymphedema Treatment Act he introduced earlier this congress.
Rep. Reichert is joined by the Webelos Cub Scouts to discuss leadership and service.
Other News Items:
-
Reichert Questions Inslee Administration's Foster
Care Oversight
-
Reichert Statement on Marysville-Pilchuck High School Shooting
-
Reichert Statement on Ebola Crisis
-
Reichert Awards "Angel in Adoption" Recognition to Susan Chung
-
Reichert Sex Trafficking Prevention Legislation Becomes Law
-
Reichert Named Champion for Children
Website
|
Privacy
|
Contact
|
Multimedia
|
Newsroom
|
Click Here Click Here