
November 24, 2014
IN THIS ISSUE:
(Click below to jump to story)
Inspiring Maine's Students
A Tree for Emmett
Examining Efforts to Prevent Phone Scams
Meeting with Mainers
ALSO:
Senator Collins the Keystone XL Pipeline on WGAN
Click here for Senator Collins' reaction to the President's executive
order on immigration
Inspiring Maine's Students
Belgrade administration and faculty: Jen Lastella, Beverly Stevens, and
Principal Gwen Bacon
One of Senator Collins' favorite things to do as a U.S. Senator is to
visit students in schools throughout the state of Maine. She has
visited more than 200 schools since she was first elected to the United
States Senate, and each visit is a wonderful opportunity to meet with
outstanding students, dedicated teachers and administrators, and
parents. Visiting schools also gives Senator Collins the opportunity to
share with students the joy of reading, to answer their questions about
what it's like to be a Senator, and to encourage them to pursue their
dreams.
She recently visited the Greenville Consolidated School
, Mt. Blue Middle School in
Farmington, the Belgrade Central School, and Turner Elementary School -
which was recently named a "Blue Ribbon School" by the U.S. Department
of Education.
Helen Davis' first grade class at Belgrade
>From the Franklin Journal:
Mt. Blue Middle School students enthusiastic about visit from
Senator Collins
[..]
The energy in the auditorium as students filed in and then
while waiting for the senator to arrive was palpable. Some teachers
expressed excitement about the upcoming visit.
State senator Tom Saviello introduced Senator Collins to the
students noting that he has known her for more than 20 years. He also
told the students that he models a lot of his work on what she does.
[..]
Senator Collins told the students that she is really proud of
the schools in Maine. Big, small or in between, their commitment to
learning and education makes a world of opportunity open to the state's
youth.
The senator spoke of how her career goals seemed to change
weekly when she was younger. At one point, she wanted to be a dentist.
Her dentist told her that girls couldn't be dentists because their
hands are not strong enough. 'Today, you can be anything you want,' she
stressed before adding, 'learn to work hard, 'respect others, and
believe and have pride in yourself.'
Senator Collins also encouraged the students to become leaders
in fighting against cyber bullying and help their peers to achieve
their dreams.
[..]
'Follow your dreams. There's nothing you can't do if you
believe in yourself, work really hard, and get a good education,'
Senator Collins urged. She then shared a power point presentation of
what her job entails for the students before allowing time for students
to ask questions of her.
As Senator Collins was leaving, she was overheard saying, 'that
was really fun. I like your school. It seems like the students have a
lot of spirit.'
Students from Mt. Blue Middle School
Top: MSAD 52 Superintendent Dr. Henry Aliberti, Turner Elementary
Principal Cynthia Alexander, and members of the School Board. Bottom:
Turner Elementary students
Weekly Column
"Honoring our Veterans Every Day"
By Senator Susan Collins
Throughout our nation's history, our citizens have left the safety of
home to preserve our freedom and to extend the blessings of freedom to
others. Each year, as we did recently, Americans pause on Veterans Day
to honor these brave men and women for their duty, honor, and
sacrifice.
This year, I was delighted to participate in a wonderful Veterans Day
Education and Appreciation Celebration at Stearns Junior/Senior High
School in Millinocket, and to march in the Portland Veterans' Day
parade. These ceremonies always remind me of my childhood when my
father, a World War II veteran, would bring me to the parade in my
hometown of Caribou where I learned of the sacrifices made by our
veterans.
It is estimated that some 48 million Americans have served in uniform
since the founding of our nation. Today, more than 22 million veterans
live among us, more than 127,000 right here in Maine.
Those numbers are impressive not because of their sheer size, but
because they describe the history of people united by the highest
ideals of humanity. Those numbers are not cold statistics. Each one
tells a story.
Keep reading...
Click the logo above or click here
to listen to Senator
Collins discussing the Keystone Pipeline vote on WGAN.
A Tree for Emmett
>From the Associated Press
:
Sen. Collins sponsors tree planting in memory of Emmett Till
The black teen was killed in 1955 after allegedly flirting with
a white woman. The outrage it sparked is considered an important moment
in the Civil Rights movement.
WASHINGTON - Sen. Susan Collins of Maine has sponsored the
planting of a tree on the U.S. Capitol grounds in honor of a black teen
whose killing in 1955 was an important moment in the Civil Rights
movement.
The sycamore tree was planted in honor of Emmett Till on
Monday.
Participants include U.S. Attorney General Eric Holder;
Mississippi Sens. Thad Cochran and Roger Wicker; and Janet Langhart
Cohen, author of a play featuring Emmett Till and wife of former Maine
Sen. William S. Cohen.
Till, who was from Chicago, was killed at age 14 after he
allegedly whistled at a white woman while visiting family in
Mississippi. His mother chose to have an open casket at his funeral,
and the civil-rights movement was galvanized after Jet magazine
published photos of his mutilated body. An all-white jury acquitted two
white men of murder.
>From
left to right: Columnist Eugene Robinson, Attorney General Eric
Holder, Linda Cohen, Senator Thad Cochran, and Senator Collins
"Emmett Till never got to grow to his full potential. In the summer of
1955, he was a fun-loving African-American youngster, just past his
14th birthday, who was visiting family in Mississippi," Senator Collins
said. "His brutal murder was followed by a gross miscarriage of justice
that allowed his murderers to go free. Emmett Till's death helped to
awaken America."
"This tree planted on the US Capitol grounds in his honor will help pay
tribute to Emmett Till and the transformative civil rights movement his
tragic death inspired," continued Senator Collins.
Examining Efforts to Prevent Phone Scams
The Senate Aging Committee recently held a hearing to examine what
prepaid debit card companies and retail stores are doing to help
prevent consumers-particularly seniors-from falling victim to phone
scams. It was the 8th hearing the committee has held under the
leadership of Chairman Bill Nelson and Ranking Member Susan Collins to
examine scams targeted to seniors.
The hearing focused on what efforts are being made by prepaid debit
card companies as well as retailers to reduce the risk of fraud and to
educate consumers, particularly seniors, about how to avoid becoming
victim to scams.
Senator Collins said, "One common theme that has emerged from our
Committee's work to uncover scams targeted to seniors is the role
played by prepaid debit cards. It is difficult to know exactly how much
money Americans lose through scams involving prepaid debit cards since
many victims do not report their losses. The Federal Trade Commission,
however, says that Americans reported losing nearly $43 million through
prepaid debit card scams last year alone."
Senator Collins explained that prepaid debit cards are attractive to
con artists because they are widely available and convenient to use,
and because money transferred using them is untraceable.
Following the hearing, Senator Bill Nelson (D-FL) graciously handed the
gavel over to Senator Collins - who will become Chairman of the Senate
Special Committee on Aging in the 114th Congress beginning in January.
Meeting with Mainers
Senator Collins always makes time to meet individually with
constituents- either Mainers who are visiting Washington, D.C. or at
home in Maine.
She values hearing from Mainers on a wide range of topics. Here are a
few photos from recent meetings:
>From top to bottom: Michelle McLaughlin and Konner and Tiffany Strout
of Harrington; Tracey Cooley of the Penobscot Job Corps; Torgrim
Jorgensen and Matt Warrick from Biddeford-based Vingtech; and Ed
Bilsky, Professor of Pharmacology at University of New England
OFFICE OF SENATOR SUSAN COLLINS
413 Dirksen Senate Office Building
Washington, D.C. 20510
Phone: (202) 224-2523
Fax: (202) 224-2693
To UNSUBSCRIBE, please click here
DEFAULT TABLE ATTRIBUTES ARE:
DEFAULT TD STYLE IS:
DEFAULT LEFT SIDEBAR IS:
DEFAULT RIGHT COLUMN IS:
Can't
see the images? Make sure your e-mail is set to download pictures in order to see the full content
of this e-newsletter.
November
24, 2014
IN
THIS ISSUE:
(Click below to jump to story)
Inspiring Maine's Students
A Tree for Emmett
Examining Efforts to Prevent Phone
Scams
Meeting with Mainers
ALSO:
Senator Collins the Keystone XL Pipeline
on WGAN
Click
here for Senator Collins' reaction to the President's executive order on immigration
Inspiring
Maine's Students
Belgrade administration and faculty: Jen Lastella, Beverly
Stevens, and Principal Gwen Bacon
One of Senator Collins&#8217; favorite things to do as a U.S. Senator is to visit students in schools
throughout the state of Maine. She has visited more than 200 schools since she was first elected to the
United States Senate, and each visit is a wonderful opportunity to meet with outstanding students, dedicated
teachers and administrators, and parents. Visiting schools also gives Senator Collins the opportunity
to share with students the joy of reading, to answer their questions about what it&#8217;s like to be
a Senator, and to encourage them to pursue their dreams.
She recently visited the
Greenville
Consolidated School , Mt. Blue Middle School in Farmington, the Belgrade Central School,
and Turner Elementary School &#8211; which was recently named a &#8220;Blue Ribbon School&#8221; by the
U.S. Department of Education.
Helen Davis' first grade class at Belgrade
From the
Franklin Journal :
Mt. Blue Middle School students enthusiastic about visit from Senator Collins
[&#8230;.]
The energy in the auditorium as students filed in and then while waiting for the senator to arrive
was palpable. Some teachers expressed excitement about the upcoming visit.
State senator Tom Saviello introduced Senator Collins to the students noting that he has known her
for more than 20 years. He also told the students that he models a lot of his work on what she does.
[&#8230;.]
Senator Collins told the students that she is really proud of the schools in Maine. Big, small or
in between, their commitment to learning and education makes a world of opportunity open to the state's
youth.
The senator spoke of how her career goals seemed to change weekly when she was younger. At one point,
she wanted to be a dentist. Her dentist told her that girls couldn't be dentists because their hands
are not strong enough. 'Today, you can be anything you want,' she stressed before adding, 'learn to work
hard, 're&shy;spect others, and believe and have pride in yourself.'
Senator Collins also encouraged the students to become leaders in fighting against cyber bullying
and help their peers to achieve their dreams.
[&#8230;.]
'Follow your dreams. There's nothing you can't do if you believe in yourself, work really hard, and
get a good education,' Senator Collins urged. She then shared a power point presentation of what her
job entails for the students before allowing time for students to ask questions of her.
As Senator Collins was leaving, she was overheard saying, 'that was really fun. I like your school.
It seems like the students have a lot of spirit.'
Students
from Mt. Blue Middle School
Top:
MSAD 52 Superintendent Dr. Henry Aliberti, Turner Elementary Principal Cynthia Alexander, and members
of the School Board. Bottom: Turner Elementary students
Weekly
Column
"Honoring
our Veterans Every Day"
By Senator Susan Collins
Throughout our nation&#8217;s history, our citizens have left the safety of home to preserve our
freedom and to extend the blessings of freedom to others. Each year, as we did recently, Americans pause
on Veterans Day to honor these brave men and women for their duty, honor, and sacrifice.
This year, I was delighted to participate in a wonderful Veterans Day Education and Appreciation
Celebration at Stearns Junior/Senior High School in Millinocket, and to march in the Portland Veterans&#8217;
Day parade. These ceremonies always remind me of my childhood when my father, a World War II veteran,
would bring me to the parade in my hometown of Caribou where I learned of the sacrifices made by our
veterans.
It is estimated that some 48 million Americans have served in uniform since the founding of our nation.
Today, more than 22 million veterans live among us, more than 127,000 right here in Maine.
Those numbers are impressive not because of their sheer size, but because they describe the history
of people united by the highest ideals of humanity. Those numbers are not cold statistics. Each one tells
a story.
Keep
reading...
Click the logo above or
click
here
to listen to Senator Collins discussing the Keystone Pipeline vote on WGAN.
A
Tree for Emmett
From the
Associated
Press :
Sen. Collins sponsors tree planting in memory of Emmett Till
The black teen was killed in 1955 after allegedly flirting with a white woman. The outrage it
sparked is considered an important moment in the Civil Rights movement.
WASHINGTON &#8212; Sen. Susan Collins of Maine has sponsored the planting of a tree on the U.S. Capitol
grounds in honor of a black teen whose killing in 1955 was an important moment in the Civil Rights movement.
The sycamore tree was planted in honor of Emmett Till on Monday.
Participants include U.S. Attorney General Eric Holder; Mississippi Sens. Thad Cochran and Roger
Wicker; and Janet Langhart Cohen, author of a play featuring Emmett Till and wife of former Maine Sen.
William S. Cohen.
Till, who was from Chicago, was killed at age 14 after he allegedly whistled at a white woman while
visiting family in Mississippi. His mother chose to have an open casket at his funeral, and the civil-rights
movement was galvanized after Jet magazine published photos of his mutilated body. An all-white jury
acquitted two white men of murder.
From
left to right: Columnist Eugene Robinson,
Attorney General Eric Holder, Linda Cohen, Senator Thad Cochran, and Senator Collins
&#8220;Emmett Till never got to grow to his full potential. In the summer of 1955, he was a fun-loving
African-American youngster, just past his 14th birthday, who was visiting family in Mississippi," Senator
Collins said. "His brutal murder was followed by a gross miscarriage of justice that allowed his murderers
to go free. Emmett Till&#8217;s death helped to awaken America."
&#8220;This tree planted on the US Capitol grounds in his honor will help pay tribute to Emmett Till
and the transformative civil rights movement his tragic death inspired,&#8221; continued Senator Collins.
Examining
Efforts to Prevent Phone Scams
The Senate Aging Committee recently held a hearing to examine what prepaid debit card companies and
retail stores are doing to help prevent consumers&#8212;particularly seniors&#8212;from falling victim
to phone scams. It was the 8th hearing the committee has held under the leadership of Chairman Bill Nelson
and Ranking Member Susan Collins to examine scams targeted to seniors.
The hearing focused on what efforts are being made by prepaid debit card companies as well as retailers
to reduce the risk of fraud and to educate consumers, particularly seniors, about how to avoid becoming
victim to scams.
Senator Collins said, &#8220;One common theme that has emerged from our Committee&#8217;s work to
uncover scams targeted to seniors is the role played by prepaid debit cards. It is difficult to know
exactly how much money Americans lose through scams involving prepaid debit cards since many victims
do not report their losses. The Federal Trade Commission, however, says that Americans reported losing
nearly $43 million through prepaid debit card scams last year alone.&#8221;
Senator Collins explained that prepaid debit cards are attractive to con artists because they are
widely available and convenient to use, and because money transferred using them is untraceable.
Following the hearing, Senator Bill Nelson (D-FL) graciously handed the gavel over to Senator Collins
- who will become Chairman of the Senate Special Committee on Aging in the 114th Congress beginning in
January.
Meeting
with Mainers
Senator Collins always makes time to meet individually with constituents&#8212; either Mainers who
are visiting Washington, D.C. or at home in Maine.
She values hearing from Mainers on a wide range
of topics. Here are a few photos from recent meetings:
From top
to bottom: Michelle McLaughlin and Konner and Tiffany Strout of Harrington; Tracey Cooley of the Penobscot
Job Corps; Torgrim Jorgensen and Matt Warrick from Biddeford-based Vingtech; and Ed Bilsky, Professor
of Pharmacology at University of New England
OFFICE OF SENATOR SUSAN COLLINS
413 Dirksen Senate Office Building Washington,
D.C. 20510 Phone: (202) 224-2523 Fax: (202) 224-2693
To UNSUBSCRIBE,
please
click here
