
Unsubscribe
October 2014
In
recent weeks, Sen. Levin and his wife, Barbara, participated in the christening
of the USS Detroit; he delivered a major foreign policy speech on Afghanistan; he welcomed a
security agreement between the United States and Afghanistan; and he joined
Michigan's Sen. Debbie Stabenow in fighting an electric rate increase in the
Upper Peninsula.
Ingredients in place for success in Afghanistan
In a speech to the U.S. Institute of Peace in
Washington, Sen. Levin said he is hopeful about Afghanistan's future because of
the progress we have helped bring about over the last several years and because
of the recent peaceful and democratic transition of power, a first in
Afghanistan's long history.
That transition, he said, offers increased reason
for optimism that we have an essential ingredient, perhaps
the
essential ingredient, for success in place there: a unity government of Afghans whose own
goals are in harmony with our goal of a free, peaceful and unified Afghanistan
with strong security forces and honest governance.
Photo courtesy of U.S. Institute of Peace.
Read
Sen. Levin's speech at the U.S. Institute of Peace &raquo;
Watch Sen. Levin's speech at the U.S. Institute of Peace on C-SPAN.org &raquo;
Read Sen. Levin's newspaper column recapping his USIP speech and calling U.S. involvement in Afghanistan a source of &quot;optimism and pride&quot;
&raquo;
Read
his statement welcoming the announcement of a bilateral security agreement between the United States and Afghanistan that will allow for continued international support for Afghanistan after the United States ends its combat role there &raquo;
Christening of the USS Detroit
In mid-October, Sen. and Mrs. Levin
celebrated the christening and launch of the future USS Detroit, the sixth ship in the history of the U.S. Navy to bear that name. The ship, built at Marinette Marine's shipyard in Wisconsin just across the state line from the Upper Peninsula, is part of the Navy's growing fleet of Littoral Combat Ships.
Barbara Levin is the ship's sponsor and had the ceremonial duty of breaking the traditional champagne bottle on the ship's bow at the christening.
Photo courtesy of Lockheed Martin.
Read
Sen. Levin's remarks at the
christening of the USS Detroit &raquo;
Read
Barbara Levin's remarks at the christening of the USS Detroit &raquo;
Read
Sen. Levin's newspaper column about the christening of the USS Detroit &raquo;
More news from Senator Levin
Sen. Levin joined Sen. Debbie Stabenow in writing to the Federal Energy Regulatory Commission
calling for action to prevent an electric rate increase for Upper Peninsula consumers.
He welcomed congressional approval of legislation to
authorize training and equipping of moderate Syrian rebels
to help combat the terrorist group ISIS.
In an opinion column published in
The Washington Post,
he joined Republican Sen. Jim Inhofe of Oklahoma in
calling for the United States to provide defensive weapons to Ukraine
to help that country protect itself from Russian aggression.
He and Sen. Stabenow welcomed the
announcement from the Environmental Protection Agency of the successful cleanup of
two toxic hotspots in Lake Superior and Lake Michigan.
This newsletter is part of Sen.
Levin&rsquo;s efforts to keep constituents informed about the issues important to them.
Visit Sen. Levin&rsquo;s website
