
If you are
having trouble viewing this message or would like to share it on a
social network, you can
view the message online .
Unsubscribe
Update My Profile
Jose E. Serrano, Representing the 15th Congressional District in
the Bronx
Website
|
Biography
|
Services
|
Press Releases
|
Issues
|
Legislation
|
Contact
November 14, 2014
Double-click here to add your own content to this area or hover your
mouse cursor to see more options.
On Capitol
Hill
Congressman Serrano Urges President Obama
to Take Big and Bold Executive Action on
Immigration
Yesterday, Congressman Jos E. Serrano joined several colleagues in
Congress to urge President Obama to take big and bold executive action
on immigration and fulfill his promise that he would act after the
elections. Congressman Serrano also urged the President to take executive
action to help mixed status military families at a press event held
Wednesday November 12, the day after Veterans Day, with members of
Congress, veterans, and current military service members.
Every
day, thousands of families and businesses are affected by our
countrys failed immigration policies.
President Obama needs to take big
and bold executive action on immigration now to provide immigrant
families with some relief and to help boost our economy. We have
patiently waited six years for legislative action in Congress and for the past
almost year and a half Republicans in the House have refused to bring
the Senates bipartisan immigration reform legislation to a vote,
said Congressman Serrano.
Taking executive action is within
the Presidents legal authority and there is ample precedent for using
it to provide relief from deportation. Executive action is not a
complete or permanent solution, and it shouldnt replace Congressional
action, but it will get us started in the process. We can then build on
the steps he decides to take with legislation in Congress. President
Obama made a promise to the immigrant community and to those who want to
see a common sense immigration system in place. We are counting on
his leadership. Mr. President, bold is the word.
Click
here
to read a news story on House Democrats calling
for a big and bold executive action.
Congressman Jos
E. Serrano joins other members of Congress to urge President Obama to
take big and bold executive action on immigration
(11/13/2014).
Congressman Serrano Celebrates Veterans
Day
On Veterans Day, Congressman Serrano, an army
veteran himself, released the following statement:
Today we
honor all the brave men and women who have risked their lives by serving
our country in the armed forces. Veterans Day is a time to reflect on
their sacrifices, and to thank them for their dedication to keep
America safe and strong.
We also keep in our thoughts and
prayers those who have lost their lives or a loved one in the line of duty.
These individuals paid the greatest price for our country, and for
that we owe them our utmost respect and gratitude.
Congressman Serrano during
his days in the army.
For many of our veterans, their
military career was the fulfillment of a dream to serve America. For
others, it was an opportunity to secure a better future for themselves and
their families while serving our nation. It is our duty as a nation to
ensure that they have access to all the resources and support they
need to successfully reintegrate back into civilian life. In these tough
economic times, we need to guarantee that they have access to stable
employment, quality healthcare, and affordable housing. This is the
least we can do to thank them for their sacrifices.
On
Veterans Day, I salute all the men and women who have valiantly served
our nation.
In New York
City
Serrano Announces Apple Donation of Technological
Products to Bronx Schools Through ConnectED
Initiative
On October 31, Congressman Serrano announced that Apple will be
donating iPads, Macs, AppleTVs, software, applications and services to
five public schools in the Bronx in partnership with the Obama
Administrations ConnectEd initiative.
P.S. 163 Arthur A. Schomburg
Elementary School, The Bilingual School, Bronx International High School,
P.S. 107, and Soundview Academy for Culture &amp; Scholarship, all
located in the Bronx, will receive Apple products through the
partnership.
Lack of access to high speed internet and modern
technology in our schools classrooms are contributing to a technological
and educational divide in the United States. Some students are up to
speed with modern technology, while others lag behind simply because of
their economic background. The digital divide has a serious impact on
educational opportunities for low-income students, making it more
difficult for them to learn, to do homework, or even to apply for college
or a job.
"The ConnectED public-private initiative will help
students in the Bronx from diverse backgrounds bridge this divide and
enjoy a richer educational experience at school while gaining the
technological skills they need to thrive and succeed in a global economy.
I applaud Apple for supporting President Obamas ConnectEd initiative
and their emphasis on giving disadvantaged students from all sorts of
backgrounds access to technology, said Congressman
Serrano.
Serrano Co-Hosts Hunts Point
RecreationalCenter
Fall Book Fair
On Saturday
October 25, 2014, Congressman Jos E. Serrano co-hosted the October Fall
Book Fair at the Hunts Point Recreational Center.
Congressman
Serrano joined parents and kids to celebrate reading, the fall season,
and Halloween with fun fall activities like scarecrow making,
storytelling, childrens games, raffles, and giveaways.
Congressman Serrano and a group of children from the Bronx at the October Fall
Book Fair held Saturday October 25, 2015 at the Hunts Point
Recreational Center. (10/25/2014)
Congressman
Serrano, parents, and kids hold a scarecrow made during the October Fall
Book Fair held Saturday October 25, 2015 at the Hunts Point
Recreational Center. (10/25/2014)
Serrano
Attends Unveiling of the Sister Thomas, S.C. Way
On
Saturday, October 25, 2014, Congressman Jos E. Serrano also attended
the unveiling of the Sister Thomas, S.C. Way to honor the life and
legacy of legendary Bronx community leader Sister Thomas, S.C. Council
Member Maria del Carmen Arroyo led the effort to rename the street
Sister Thomas, S.C. Way.
The
intersection of the new "Sister Thomas, S.C. Way and Southern
Boulevard. (10/25/2014)
Congressman
Serrano Participates in Bronx River House Groundbreaking
Ceremony
On Thursday October 30, 2014, Congressman Jos E. Serrano
participated in the groundbreaking ceremony to celebrate the
construction of the Bronx River House at Starlight Park. The River House will be
built next to the Bronx River and is another success story in the
restoration of this area. This new facility will feature a boat house, a
nature classroom, and a multipurpose community room.It will also serve
as the headquarters of the Bronx River Alliance. The $14.5 million
project is being financed by federal, state and local agencies.
Congressman Serrano helped secure federal funds for the project. BP Ruben Diaz
Jr., Assemblyman Marcos Crespo, CM Maria Arroyo and other government
officials and community leaders were also present at the
event.
Congressman Jos E. Serrano and other
local elected officials and community leaders at the groundbreaking
ceremony for the Bronx River House. The new 7,000 square feet facility
will feature a boat house, a nature classroom, a community room, and
serve as the new home of the Bronx River Alliance.
(10/30/2014)
Congressman Serrano Condemns Attack of Two
African Children in the Bronx
On October
27 , Congressman Jos E. Serrano condemned the assault of two Senegalese
students who were the assaulted at I.S. 318 Elementary/Intermediate
School located at 1919 Prospect Avenue located in the Bronx on Friday
October 24, 2014. The students were beaten by their perpetrators while
being called EBOLA.
I am deeply saddened to hear of the acts
of violence that were recently committed on two young boys from
Senegal in the Bronx. This is perfect example of how, as the fear of Ebola
spreads, it can bring out the worst people and the impact that stigma
is having on the African community. My deepest sympathies go out to
the affected family. My thoughts and prayers are with them during this
difficult time.
I also stand in support of the Senegalese
Association (ASA) and African Advisory Committee (AAC) in denouncing this
heinous act. This type of behavior has no place in our schools, and
we cannot allow the ebola epidemic to stigmatize a single population.
This is not who we are as a community and as a nation, and we all need
to contribute to put an end to the fear and stigma around the ebola
epidemic. Ebola is not a West African problem, or even an African
problem, it is a global health concern. Instead of feeding into the fear and
discriminating against others, we need to come together in solidarity
as we grapple with this terrible
disease.
Grant
Announcement
Jobs Plus Pilot Program
Deadline: December 17,
2014
The Department of Housing and Urban Development
has made funding available for Public Housing Agencies to develop
locally-based approaches to increase earnings and advance employment
outcomes for Public Housing residents. The Notice of Funding Availability
will fund initiatives to improve employment and earnings outcomes for
Public Housing residents through supports such as work readiness,
employer linkages, job placement and financial literacy. All Public Housing
Agencies that operate one or more public housing developments are
encouraged to apply.
Please follow this link for the full grant
announcement
http://www.grants.gov/web/grants/view-opportunity.html?oppId=268108 . For more information about federal
grants please visit
http://www.grants.gov .
CONTACT INFORMATION
WASHINGTON
OFFICE
2227 Rayburn House Office Building
Washington, D.C.
20515-3216
Phone: (202) 225-4361
Fax: (202) 225-6001
BRONX OFFICE
1231 Lafayette Avenue, 4th
Floor
The Bronx, NY
10474
Phone: (718) 620-0084
Fax:
(718) 620-0658
Contact Jose Serrano by E-mail:
CLICK HERE
Update My Profile
-
Unsubscribe
-
Privacy Policy
