 Mail begin
If
you are having trouble viewing this message or would like to share it
on a social network, you can
view the message online .
Tweet of the Week
|
Videos of the
Week
|
Statements &amp;
Speeches
Tweet of the
Week
Videos of the Week
On the Record, Ros-Lehtinen says It Is Time to
Provide
SGT
Tahmooressi
With the PTSD Care He
Needs.
Ros-Lehtinen on Fox and
Friends: SGT
Tahmooressi
Should Have Been Released Long Ago From His Unjust
Incarceration.
Told WSVN That It Is Not The
Time to Point Fingers, We're Relieved SGT Tahmooressi Is
Home
Statem ents
&amp;
Speeches
Event to honor womens rights
pioneer
October 31,
2014
Roxcy Bolton, the famed womens rights activist, made her home, 1301
Alhambra Circle, a historical landmark through her tireless work. The city
of Coral Gables will honor Bolton with an unveiling of a special
commemorative photo of the house at 10 a.m. Monday at City Hall, 405
Biltmore Way.
Some of the guests expected to attend the event are Coral Gables
mayor Jim Cason, vice mayor William Kerdyk, commissioner Vince Lago
and Boltons long-time friend, U.S. Rep. Ileana Ros-Lehtinen,
R-Miami.
Roxcy is a pioneer for south Florida women , Ros-Lehtinen said in an email
statement.
She has been a leader in our community and an inspiration for women
everywhere .
More at
Miami
Herald
Ros-Lehtinen Pens Letter To President Opposing
Any Executive Unilateral Action on Iran Sanctions And Urges A Final
Nuclear Agreement Which Sees Iran Ending All Enrichment Capabilities,
Dismantling Infrastructure
October 21,
2014
(WASHINGTON)
U.S. Rep. Ileana
Ros-Lehtinen (R-FL), Chairman of the Middle East and North Africa
Subcommittee, sent a letter to the President raising concerns about possible
unilateral action that the Administration may take to ease sanctions on
Iran and stating that the only acceptable nuclear deal with Iran would
have to guarantee Iran has no capability to enrich uranium. Statement by
Ros-Lehtinen:
Contrary to what the Administration continues to say, the point of the Iran
sanctions was not just to bring the regime to the negotiating table. As
the author of several Iran sanctions bills, including the toughest
set of sanctions codified into law, I know that the objective of the
sanctions program was to force Iran to completely abandon its nuclear
ambitions, cease its uranium enrichment and dismantle the totality of its
nuclear infrastructure. I also believe its a mistake for the
Administration to operate under the assumption that any nation or entity will
be able to monitor and verify Irans compliance. The IAEA, which will
oversee Irans compliance, and our own Department of Defense have
both admitted concerns about being unable to detect violations of the
nuclear agreement and verifying if Irans program is indeed peaceful.
They also believe that we have no way of detecting if Iran is operating
any other covert nuclear sites it has not already
declared.
Congress cannot and will not sit idly by if the Administration
intends on taking unilateral action to provide sanctions relief to Iran for
a nuclear deal we perceive to be weak and dangerous for our national
security, the security of the region, and poses a threat to the U.S.
and our ally, the democratic Jewish State of Israel. Im sure that
Congress stands ready to work with the Administration to find an acceptable
deal first, and then work together on the sanctions issue. If the
Administration opts to act in a manner that directly contradicts
Congress intent, then Congress must take all necessary measures to either
reverse the executive, unilateral action, or to strengthen and enhance
current sanctions law."
Click
here
to read
more
Showdown over UN funding
in Gaza
October 23, 2014
Longtime UNRWA
critic Ileana Ros-Lehtinen, R-Fla., the chairwoman of the House Foreign
Affairs panel on the Middle East, introduced legislation last month that
would prohibit US funding unless the secretary of state certifies that
the agencys personnel and resources arent aiding Hamas in any way.
Rubio filed nearly identical legislation in July, while also taking
aim at the Palestinian Authority and the UN Human Rights
Council.
More at
Al-Monitor
Ros-Lehtinen condemns Palestinian 'day of
rage'
October 31,
2014
Rep. Ileana Ros-Lehtinen (R-Fla.) on Friday condemned the
Palestinian leadership for calling for a "day of rage" in
Jerusalem.
The Florida Republican, who formerly chaired the House Foreign
Affairs Committee, said the 'day of rage' indicated motivation to derail
the peace talks with
Israel.
" The calls by Abu Mazen and Fatah for a day of rage in Jerusalem
today were more than deeply disturbing: they signaled intent to
effectively end the peace process and escalate the already dangerously high
tensions in Israels capital ," Ros-Lehtinen said.
More
at
The Hill
Critics of Cuban government
criticize bid to host LGBT
conference
November 1, 2014
MEXICO CITY
Critics of the Cuban government
this week blasted efforts to allow the Communist country to host the
International Lesbian Gay Bisexual Trans and Intersex Associations
biennial global conference in 2016.
Cuban-born U.S. Rep. Ileana
Ros-Lehtinen (R-Fla.) on Friday described any attempt to hold an LGBT
rights conference in Cuba as
unconscionable .
In Cuba there are no rights for the LGBT community or for anyone
else , Ros-Lehtinen told the Washington
Blade.
Ros-Lehtinen said Cuba hosting a global LGBT conference
is just another
example of this regimes pathetic attempt to look like a tolerant
country, when in fact they are one of the most repressive regimes in the
world .
More at
Washington
Blade
Week in Photos
Promoting service to
our nation, Congresswoman Ileana Ros-Lehtinen hosted her annual
Academy Night on October 29 th . Representatives from the various
military academies spoke to students and their parents about the growth
and opportunities associated with serving our country and ensuring we
preserve liberty for this and future generations.
Congresswoman Ileana
Ros-Lehtinen recently spoke at a naturalization ceremony for new citizens
about what it means to be an American. She emphasized that we must all
contribute to our community in order to make South Florida a better
place.
Tell a Friend
E-mail:
E-mail:
E-mail:
Share on
Twitter Share on
Facebook Share on Digg Share on LinkedIn
Washington,
DC Office
2206 Rayburn HOB | Washington, DC
20515
Phone: (202) 225-3931 | Fax: (202) 225-5620
Miami
Office
4960 SW 72 Ave, Suite 208 |
Miami, FL
33155
Phone: (305) 668-2285 |
Fax: (305)
668-5970
Unsubscribe
|
Update My Profile
