
If you are having trouble viewing this message or would
like to share it on a social network, you can
view the message online .
Home
|
About
|
How Can I
Help?
|
Media
|
Issues
|
The 6th District
Supporting the Keystone
Pipeline
Dear
Friends:
Today, I voted in favor of, and the
House passed, H.R. 5682, a bill that if enacted will immediately allow
TransCanada to construct the Keystone XL pipeline.
I hope that the
Senate will take up this important bipartisan legislation next week
and that the President will immediately sign it into
law.
Unfortunately, approval
for the construction of this project has dragged on far too long.
Starting in 2008, over six years ago, the Canadian pipeline company
TransCanada filed an application with the U.S. Department of State to
construct the Keystone XL pipeline across the U.S. - Canada border.
Keystone XL is a high-tech petroleum pipeline that will transport crude
oil derived from the Athabasca Oil Sands in western Canada nearly 1,700
miles to processing facilities throughout the United States.
The
pipelines construction will create 20,000 jobs directly and hundreds
of thousands of jobs indirectly, while reducing our reliance on oil
from outside North America.
The President has the authority to approve the
application based on a determination that its construction would serve the
national interest.
The State Department conducted an Environmental
Impact Study to analyze the impacts of the project and concluded in
August of 2011 that the project would have only limited environmental
impacts.
However, President Obama delayed making a decision and
required TransCanada to start over with the application process.
Using your hard earned tax payer money, the State Department conducted
its study again and came to the same conclusions in January of
2014.
I am
deeply disappointed with the Presidents inaction for two reasons. The
first is our struggling economy and the boost this pipelines
construction will create. The second is the U.S.A.s dependence upon foreign oil.
This dependence imperils our economic and national security.
We
endured real crises because of the oil export embargo in conjunction
with the 1973 Arab-Israeli War, the second oil shock in 1979, the
Iraqi invasion of Kuwait in 1991, and the Iraq war. Now ISIS is
controlling and funding much of its activities through its seizure of oil
fields and production facilities. Increased supplies of oil
produced by dependable and reliable sources in North America decrease the
price of oil and make it harder for ISIS to fund its terror
campaign.
We
need to encourage more domestic production of oil and natural gas,
increase our use of alternative fuels, and further energy production in
Canada and Mexico to attain our goal of North American energy
independence.
By approving Keystone XL now, we can improve our economy,
bolster our national security, and reassert our standing in the world so
nations can rely on us rather than depend on despotic rulers for
their energy supply.
Sincerely,
Mike Coffman
U.S. Representative
If you
would like to sign up to receive regular email updates from Mike, please
visit
this
link
$ 17,943,739,818,927
Share
on Facebook
Share on Twitter
Share on LinkedIn
Medicare Open Enrollment is taking place
now
I want to remind
Medicare beneficiaries that it is time for
Medicare Open
Enrollment . Open Enrollment is the time to review and compare your
Medicare plan to either change, or stay, with your current plan for
2015.
Open Enrollment is October 15 to
December 7th.
Y ou can compare plans now at
medicare.gov
Find local help
medicare.gov/contacts
to compare
plans.
Man fights VA, says half of his of his
father's insurance benefits went to
employee
By: Tak
Landrock
KDVR.com
Published November 11,
2014
DENVER
Wade
Barton still gets emotional every time he visits his fathers grave at
Fort Logan National Cemetery west of Denver. I wish things were
better off than they were, Barton said looking over his fathers
tombstone.
His father died
almost two years ago, but his sons battle against the Department of
Veterans Affairs rages on. Barton is fighting the office over his
dads life insurance policy. Hes upset because half of the money went to
a VA social worker who helped with his fathers
care.
My dad told me that money was to be
used after he died for burial services and whatever else needed to be
handled, Barton said.
He wants to know why half of the $10,000 policy was given to an
employee, which he believes is against federal regulations that prohibit
employees from getting gifts from veterans over $20 a
year.
Documents obtained by FOX31 Denver
show the VA employee, Jim Sellers, met with Bartons father on at
least seven occasions while he was getting care at the VA
hospital.
Barton said he doesnt
believe his father intended to leave Sellers half of the life insurance
money and demanded the local VA office
investigate.
The VA Office of Inspector General looked
into the matter in April and found there was insufficient evidence to
pursue further investigation, according to a letter the VA sent
Barton in April.
Sellers is
listed as a friend on the life insurance document, which was signed
in 2009 at the VA medical facility in Denver. The VA said Sellers was
not in the room at the time the document was signed and did not help
Bartons father with the paperwork.
US Rep.
Mike Coffman , who is the leading
member of the House Subcommittee for VA Oversight and Investigation,
doesnt believe Barton got a true investigation by the OIG. Clearly
there is no question, on the surface, that there appears to be very
significant wrong doing, Coffman told FOX31 Denver Investigative Reporter
Tak Landrock.
Coffman
asked for a second investigation by the OIG and got it. The second
investigation found no criminal wrongdoing, but this time the agency
that investigates governmental department said Sellers may have exercised
questionable judgment in accepting the proceeds in his role as a VA
employee. The OIG said it would leave it up to the VA to decide if any
administrative action is warranted.
Sellers refused to speak with FOX31 Denver after
repeated requests for an interview. In a written statement to FOX31 Denver a
VA spokesman wrote, The veteran was fully alert, cognizant and not
influenced by any other person. It goes on to say, The veteran was
within his rights to name whomever he desired to receive the proceeds
from his VA Life insurance policy.
Coffman disagrees with the VAs stance on this issue
and is ordering the OIG to dig deeper. We could argue that maybe the
mental state of that patient was that he was cognizant to make that
decision, but it doesnt matter because if we look at regulations they
are fairly clear that this should not have occurred, Coffman
said.
Coffman thinks there is a
cover-up to protect Sellers, but he also wants to know if there a
systemic problem at VA centers across the county. This may not be an
isolated incident; this may be a pattern that goes across the nation in
VA facilities. Where you have a system that has figured out that people
that are in a position of trust, over elderly veterans, that they
essentially manipulate them, Coffman said.
For Barton he will continue to fight and is
hoping justice will prevail.
Washington Office
2443
Rayburn HOB
Washington, D.C.
20515
Phone: (202) 225-7882
Fax: (202) 226-4623
District Office
Cherry Creek Place IV
3300 S. Parker Road, Suite #305
Aurora, CO 80014
Phone: (720) 748-7514
Fax: (720) 748-7680
Unsubscribe
|
Update My Profile
|
Privacy Policy
gateway mail
end 