
If you are
having trouble viewing this message or would like to share it on a social
network, you can
view
the message online .
HOME
|
ABOUT
|
CONTACT
|
HOW CAN I HELP
|
MEDIA
|
ISSUES
|
THE 12TH DISTRICT
|
LEGISLATION
Dear David,
Protecting Americas Heroes
Our Veterans are heroes who put their own lives at
risk to protect the liberties and freedom we as Americans enjoy every
day. They deserve access to quality care and treatments, and as
Vice-Chairman of the Veterans Affairs Committee, I am committed to achieving
that goal. In a poll my constituents took several weeks ago, Veterans
Affairs was the fifth most important issue, with 10.1% of the vote,
and it has always been a top priority of mine.
Get Our Veterans
COVERed
A startling
twenty-two Veterans commit suicide every day. It is unacceptable that more
American servicemembers die from taking their own lives than on the
battlefield. This alarming fact inspired me to introduce the COVER Act,
which would examine potential benefits in incorporating complementary
alternative therapies for PTS, such as outdoor sports therapy, hyperbaric
oxygen therapy, accelerated resolution therapy, and service dog
therapy. My bill is supported by the Iraq and Afghanistan Veterans of
American (IAVA).
When it
comes to mental health treatment, one size does not fit all. While many
Veterans thrive under traditional treatment, some may not respond to
this type of care. We must provide access to alternative forms of
therapies that work the best.
Expanding Access to Care for Our
Veterans
Caring for our nations
heroes should be a top priority for Congress. That is why I strongly
supported the passage of H.R. 3230, Veterans Access, Choice, and
Accountability Act ,which will increase accessibility and the choices
available to Veterans when it comes to getting the health care coverage they
deserve.
Recently
signed into law, H.R. 3230 increases access to care by allowing Veterans
unable to secure an appointment at a VA facility within 30 days, or
for those who reside more than 40 miles from the nearest VA medical
facility, to seek care at a non-VA facility. It also authorizes the hiring
of more physicians and medical staff at VA facilities. This important
law also manages corruption and misconduct by authorizing the firing
or demotion of senior executives.
It is a positive first step in
the process of ending the culture of mediocrity at the
VA.
Convenient One-Stop
Consolidated Clinic Coming to Pasco
County
I have spent the past several years
fighting for a new consolidated clinic in Pasco County that will enhance
accessibility and improve the quality of health care available to our
Florida Veterans. This clinic
one of twenty-seven approved by
Congress and the only one in Florida
will combine five separate clinics
that currently serve Veterans into one convenient location. The
creation of a one-stop location for medical treatment will better meet the
growing needs of the greater-Tampa Bay area Veteran community, and
ensure they will improve the quality of the care
available.
Happy Veterans Day to all of our
heroes! I look forward to continuing to serve your needs in a meaningful
way that honors your sacrifices.
Sincerely,
Gus Bilirakis
Member of
Congress
Unsubscribe
|
Update My Profile
|
Privacy
Policy
