
If you are having trouble viewing this message or would like to
share it on a social network, you can
view the message online .
About
Contact
Services
Media
Center
Legislation
Issues
Resources
November 16, 2014
Friends,
One message I received loud and clear
this election was the American people want their leaders to work
together, to find common ground and to focus on bipartisan solutions to
spur job creation and strengthen the economy. I agree this is how our
government should work and my colleagues in Congress and I remain
committed to working with President Obama to put your priorities first.
Unfortunately, the President continues to threaten unilateral
executive action on Americas most pressing issues, instead of working with
Congress like the American people have
demanded.
Despite the American peoples' rejection of
his agenda, the President continues to double down on the same tired,
failed policies that expand big-government and impose more regulations.
He promised to work with Congress, but a few days later announced a
climate change agenda that does the exact opposite and circumvents
Congress.
This is neither what our economy needs nor what the
American people want.
In fact, a new Gallup poll released last
week reports that the majority of folks trust Republicans in Congress
not President Obama
to change course and get our country back on
track.
There is no doubt this war on
affordable energy led by President Obama and the Environmental
Protection Agency (EPA) is taking our country in the wrong direction.
This sweeping plan to impose drastic regulations will further
decrease our ability to go after American energy and will stifle
job-creation and raise utility rates, especially in North Carolina because we get
around 38% of our energy from coal.
I regularly hear
concerns from individuals and families in our local community who are fed up
with the steady increase in energy bills. Folks cant afford more
job-killing policies that end up costing us more of our hard-earned money.
Instead, we need to get the government out of the way of
American energy exploration and
production.
I remain focused on an all of the above energy
strategy that enables us to take advantage of our resources in a responsible
way.
Last week, I voted to advance construction of the
Keystone XL pipeline,
a critical and common-sense infrastructure
project that will provide our country a reliable and secure source of
oil. By growing American energy production, we will bring prices down at
the pump and lower energy prices at home.
This is also a
project that will create jobs immediately and continue to fuel thousands
more over the
long-term.
Unfortunately, despite the fact that Republicans and Democrats in
Congress support it,
this project remains tied up in President
Obamas never-ending supply of bureaucratic red tape.
For six
years, anti-energy bureaucrats at the EPA have implemented roadblock
after roadblock that prevent the construction of this pipeline. Despite
findings from the State Department that the Keystone XL pipeline will
not have a significant environmental impact and the fact that there are
already thousands of miles of similar pipelines across the nation,
President Obama refuses to stand up to liberal environmentalists in his
party who want to see an end to American energy production.
This is further proof that this administration time and again puts
politics over growing the
economy.
It's not fair that Washingtons bureaucrats continue to stand in
the way of solutions hard-working Americans so desperately need. We
have waited long enough.
This bipartisan vote to construct the
Keystone XL pipeline is just another example of how serious the House
is about growing our economy, spurring job-creation and securing energy
independence.
I hope the President will put politics aside,
end his war on affordable energy and join us in our efforts.
Its time to work together to build a stronger
America.
Until
next week,
Richard
Hudson
Member of Congress
(NC-08)
Concord Office
325 McGill Ave, NW
Suite
500
Concord, NC 28027
Phone: (704) 7861612
Rockingham Office
1015 Fayetteville Rd
Rockingham, NC
28379
Phone: (910) 9972070
Washington D.C. Office
429 Cannon HOB
Washington, DC
20515
Phone: (202) 2253715
Unsubscribe
|
Update My Profile
|
Privacy
Policy
