
NOV
26
A Special Thanksgiving Message
Dear Friends,
Thanksgiving is a special time of year when we have a chance to reflect on life's many blessings.
We have so much to be thankful for: our family and friends, our faith, and our freedom.
We're also grateful for the brave service and sacrifice of our men and women in uniform who are currently serving far from home. We pray for them and their families, and we look forward to their safe return.
Tomorrow, I'm looking forward to running in the Great Gobbler Thanksgiving Day 5K race in Nashua, and spending time with my family.
And with the official kick off of the holiday shopping season this weekend, Small Business Saturday provides an opportunity for Granite Staters to support small businesses and entrepreneurs in their local communities.
I'll be visiting shops and retailers in my hometown of Nashua on Saturday and seeing friends at the annual Holiday Stroll.
I hope you enjoy spending time with loved ones over the holiday, and if you're heading out on the roads, please drive safely.
Happy Thanksgiving to you and your family -- and please read on for news updates from the week.
At Dartmouth, Ayotte Discusses Efforts to Prevent Campus Sexual Assault
Discussion addresses sexual assault reform
By Rob Wolfe Valley News
November 22, 2014
Sen. Kelly Ayotte and Dartmouth President Phil Hanlon held a panel discussion yesterday on the lawmakers recently introduced bill on sexual assault reform and potential changes in Dartmouths handling of the issue, including the hiring of professional investigators and talks of a partnership with WISE, the Upper Valley womens crisis center.
Ayotte's visit to Dartmouth comes as the topic of sexual assault is being raised on campus and across the country, and the potential move to bring in WISE is the latest step in months of reforms to the colleges policies on binge drinking, Greek life and sexual assault.
...
Four Democrats and four Republicans sponsored Ayotte's bill, introduced to the Senate this summer, and include Dartmouth alumna U.S. Sen. Kirsten Gillibrand. The proposed law includes a raft of provisions intended to combat sexual assault on college campuses and strengthens penalties for colleges found in delinquency, allowing federal officials to fine schools as much as 1 percent of their operating budgets.
The U.S. Department of Education already can withhold federal funding from offending universities, but Ayotte said that the current enforcement measures were not enough.
"It's never been used because it's never been a realistic penalty," she said in an interview afterward.
The first-term senator said that her goal was to achieve more uniformity in educational institutions' handling of sexual assault cases, which is sometimes spotty: in a recent hearing with NCAA officials, Ayotte said, it came to light that some athletic departments were investigating reports of rape on their own.
"We have a really strong, passionate ally in Sen. Ayotte and we're delighted to have her here today," said Hanlon, who thanked the senator for her collaboration with colleges and universities as the bill went forward.
Read more.
Secretary of Defense Chuck Hagel to Resign
Senator Ayotte released this statement following the president's announcement that Secretary of Defense Chuck Hagel will step down:
"While I did not support Secretary Hagel's nomination to be the Secretary of Defense, we should be clear that the responsibility for the national security failings of this administration rests primarily with the White House and not with Secretary Hagel.
"I admire Secretary Hagel's long record of distinguished service to our nation - including his honorable and courageous service in Vietnam - and I wish him the very best in the future.
"As the president considers who to nominate as the next Secretary of Defense, it's imperative that it be an individual who can garner broad, bipartisan support. Such an individual must possess an intense focus on providing our troops what they need, a clear understanding of the threats our nation faces, as well as an ability to effectively advocate for the defense strategy and budget necessary to protect our country."
Negotiations Continue on Iranian Nuclear Program
Senator Ayotte, along with Senators Lindsey Graham (R-SC) and
John McCain (R-AZ), made the following statement on the extension of negotiations with Iran over its nuclear program:
"One of the most important issues facing our nation and the world at large is how to prevent Iran from developing a nuclear weapons capability. While we strongly support diplomatic efforts to achieve a lasting, verifiable agreement with Iran that permanently ends Iran's nuclear weapons program, we must avoid negotiating a deal that puts the security of the United States or our allies at risk and fails to address Iran's decades-long history of cheating and subterfuge.
...
"A bad deal with Iran will start a nuclear arms race in the Middle East as Sunni Arab states will not allow Iran to hold a nuclear sword over their heads without responding in kind. In addition, a nuclear-capable Iran represents an existential threat to our strongest ally in the region, Israel, as well as to our own national security, given Iran's record of sharing military technology with terrorist organizations.
Read more.
Photos of the Week
Stopped by MooreMart's packing event in Nashua on Saturday - a great way to support our troops and get into the holiday spirit.
With Red Sox player Brock Holt at the Granite State Baseball dinner!
At the grand opening of the Granite State Indoor Range and Gun Shop in Hudson last weekend.
CLICK HERE TO SHARE THIS NEWSLETTER
Warm Regards,
Kelly Ayotte
United States Senator
Email Kelly
Manchester Office
1200 Elm Street, Suite 2
Manchester, NH 03101 Phone:
603-622-7979
Nashua Office
144 Main Street
Nashua, NH 03060 Phone:
603-880-3335
North Country Office 19 Pleasant Street, Suite 13B
Berlin, NH 03570 Phone:
603-752-7702 Fax:
603-752-7704
Portsmouth Office
14 Manchester Square, Ste 140
Portsmouth, NH 03801 Phone:
603-436-7161
Washington, DC
144 Russell Senate Office Building
Washington, DC 20510
Phone:
202-224-3324
Email Kelly
|
ayotte.senate.gov
|
Unsubscribe
