
Website
About
Contact Me
Serving You
Media Center
Legislative Work
Our District
Resources
November 15, 2014
The Scalise Capitol Report
Honoring our veterans
While our nation celebrated Veterans Day on Tuesday, we should honor the service and sacrifice of the brave men and women who gave so much for our country every single day. Our veterans have earned the gratitude of all Americans for the sacrifices they have made and the freedoms they have defended for us. I hope you all had a moment to pause, reflect and thank our military veterans for their service to our country on Veterans Day. We owe them a never-ending debt of gratitude.
There are basic commitments we owe to our veterans who made the sacrifice for our nation, including providing them with the best medical care possible. I recently
shared my grave concerns with WDSU
about the Department of Veterans Affairs outdated medical records system. The treatment of our nations veterans by the VA is disturbing and inexcusable, and I will continue to fight for those who have made countless sacrifices for our country.
Click on the photo below to watch the interview on WDSU.
Serving as House Majority Whip for the 114th Congress
I am honored that my colleagues have placed their trust and confidence in me by re-electing me to serve as the Republican Majority Whip for the 114th Congress. It is my passion as Whip to collaborate with and listen to every member of the Republican Conference in order to continue bringing their voices and new ideas to the leadership table. I look forward to working with one of the largest and most dynamic Republican majorities in history to pass legislation that advances the conservative principles that unite us to solve our nations problems and move America forward. I consider it the greatest privilege to represent the people of Louisianas First Congressional District and I will continue to bring their voices, interests and values to the House leadership table.
Click on the photo below to watch me discuss why House Republicans are ready to roll up our sleeves and solve problems for the American people.
Preserving an open and free Internet
The president is urging the Federal Communications Commission (FCC) to impose
net neutrality regulations
on the Internet. This is yet another example of his Administrations radical effort to have the government take over more aspects of our economy where there is no justification. The president would like to reclassify broadband Internet as a public utility under current law. I believe this proposal would have a chilling effect on the Internet, which is a sector of our economy that has thrived under the current light-touch regulatory model. This would also send the wrong message--regulation trumps innovation--in the Internet ecosystem. Outdated laws and regulations dealing with monopolies have no business being applied to a 21st century Internet. The
best way to guarantee a vibrant Internet economy is by keeping the federal government out of the way , not getting it more involved.
Passing a bill to build the Keystone XL Pipeline
The House has passed a bill to approve the Keystone XLPipeline with overwhelming bipartisan support. This bill will help create American jobs and increase American energy security. For over six years, the Obama Administration has dragged its feet and played political games while delaying this much-needed project and holding 40,000 American jobs hostage. The American people are hungry for a strong national energy policy and have waited far too long for a solution that increases production here at home and reduces our dependence on Middle Eastern oil.
Click on the photo below to watch me share why we should build the Keystone pipeline on the House Floor.
It is an honor to represent you in Congress. For more information please visit my
website ,
Twitter ,
Instagram , and
Facebook
pages.
Sincerely,
Steve Scalise
House Majority Whip
WEBSITE
|
UNSUBSCRIBE
|
CONTACT
Washington DC Office
2338 Rayburn HOB
Washington, DC 20515
Phone: (202) 225-3015
Houma Office
8026 Main Street
Suite 700
Houma, LA 70360
Phone: (985) 879-2300
Metairie Office
110 Veterans Boulevard
Suite 500
Metairie, LA 70005
Phone: (504) 837-1259
Mandeville Office
21454 Koop Drive
Suite 1E
Mandeville, LA 70471
Phone: (985) 893-9064
Hammond Office
1514 Martens Drive
Suite 10
Hammond, LA 70401
Phone: (985) 340-2185
Click Here Click Here