
If you are having trouble viewing this message or would like to share
it on a social network, you can
view the message online .
HOME
|
ABOUT
ME
|
CONSTITUENT
SERVICES
|
ISSUES
NEWS
&amp; MEDIA
|
4th
DISTRICT
|
CONTACT
November 26, 2014
Dear Friend,
First and foremost, I want to take
the opportunity to wish you and your family a Happy Thanksgiving. This
holiday can quickly get lost in food and football; it is important to
pause and remember that we are truly blessed to live in the greatest
country in the history of the world. We are also blessed with a future
that looks brighter than ever as we work to get this country back on
the right track.
Here is a quick update with the latest on
what is happening in Washington and around Alabama's 4th District. As
always, please let me know whenever I can be of
assistance.
Sincerely,
Robert B. Aderholt
Member of Congress
PS:
Keep in touch and remember to
follow me on
Twitter
and
Facebook . Also, for updated information check out my virtual
office
and encourage your friends and family to
sign-up for my monthly e-newsletter, the
Aderholt
Address .
114th
Congress
The voters have spoken: in the mid-term elections they sent a loud
message to Washington that this administration has the country on the
wrong track. I look forward to working with my colleagues in the Senate
in the new Congress to finally pass the bills necessary to enact the
will of the people. For the last four years, the Senate has been the
place where important initiatives have gone to die. From Obamacare to
the EPA, the President has been shielded from bills landing on his desk
and having to make the decision to work with Congress, or to veto
bills. In January of next year, this is scheduled to change.
I
am honored to be entrusted with another term to serve the Fourth
District. I will work hard to live up to the confidence that the people of
the Fourth District have displayed in me by working with my
colleagues in the House and Senate to re-invigorate our economy to create the
kind of environment that allows businesses to create jobs, and to
continue to hold the Obama Administration accountable. Some of the ways we
hope to help, specifically, are by providing relief from burdensome
government regulations and by making the tax system more fair to all.
Also crucial to a functioning economy and market stability will be a
hardy transportation infrastructure.
Voters nationwide made it
clear they want Washington to work. As the 114th Congress begins, I
look forward to making the common sense progress that has been delayed
for six
years.
Immigration
It is deeply troubling that the President has not appreciated the
lessons of the past election. His executive order to change the status
for those unlawfully present here in the United States conveys a
level of disregard for the rule of law and an overreach into the role of
the legislative branch.
In the past, the President has
publicly acknowledged that he could not unilaterally change the law by
himself to the millions here illegallyabsent action from Congress. But
now he is acting as though Congress, and by extension, the American
public, are irrelevant.
The last election was not lost on the
Members in the House, and we look forward to working with our
counterparts in the Senate in January.
Net
Neutrality
Ive heard from many constituents of the Fourth
District recently about net neutrality and welcome the opportunity to
continue to examine the details of the mechanics of the issue. In 2010, the
Federal Communications Commission (FCC) published a net neutrality
rule that would, in effect, ensure that internet providers have to
treat all websites the same and not charge any of them for special
treatment, such as increased speed.
In January 2014, the Court of
Appeals struck down the FCCs net neutrality rule. The court ruled
that the agency is allowed to regulate common carriers (companies that
have to provide the same service, without discrimination, to
everyone, such as gas, electricity, landline telephone services, etc), but it
is not allowed to regulate information services, such as the
Internet, in the same way.
In response to this ruling, the FCC
recently proposed that internet providers be reclassified as common
carriers.
Proponents of net neutrality are supportive of this
reclassification, as it would enable the FCC to implement and enforce
net neutrality rules, leveling the playing field for any company that
wishes to have a presence on the Internet. With net neutrality, there
would be no difference in the streaming speeds that Internet providers
provide for websites, such as Netflix, compared to local chambers of
commerce sites, for instance.
However, some people are wary
that reclassifying Internet providers as common carriers will give
the government too much power to regulate the Internet, potentially
limiting free speech. Others oppose the rules on principle because they
view them as interfering with the free market. Internet service
providers are also opposed to net neutrality rules because these rules would
deny them the profit gained from charging for Internet fast
lanes.
On Monday, November 10, President Obama announced his support
for the FCC's intent to reclassify Internet providers as common
carriers. A number of bills have been introduced in the House of
Representatives regarding net neutrality. As this issue moves forward, I will
continue to keep an eye on the matter and work with my colleagues on a
common-sense
solution.
Appropriations
Each year Congress must pass legislation that appropriates
money to the Executive Branch to fund the federal government. These
bills are broken out in to 12 separate spending bills, largely divided by
federal departments such as Defense, Department of Homeland Security,
Agriculture and so forth. I am honored to chair the Appropriations
Subcommittee on Agriculture.
This year, the House passed
eleven bills through committee and seven on the House floor before it
became apparent that the Senate was not going to pass a single bill through
their legislative chamber. This necessitated a Continuing
Resolution where we continued last years level of spending on a temporary
basis while Congress paused for the mid-term elections.
The
Continuing Resolution runs out on December 11, 2014. As you know, the
U.S. Senate is still governed by the Democrats (and their Majority Leader
Harry Reid). Therefore, those of us in the House will do what we can
to continue to press our Senate counterparts to enact common-sense
spending bills that show fiscal restraint and discipline.
I am
still hopeful that the Senate will be mindful of the message voters
sent during the midterm elections and move away from gridlock and
towards enacting effective spending legislation.
Recent
Happenings
Here are some photos from recent
events and meetings across the 4 th
District of Alabama and
in Washington, DC.
Congressman Aderholt
talks with Honor Flight Veterans in D.C.
Rep. Aderholt and Rep. Bachus attend Valor Grove Veterans Housing
Facility Ribbon-Cutting
Congressman Aderholt
welcomes Tuscaloosa Honor Flight to D.C.
Congressman Aderholt speaks to Northwest
Atlantic Fisheries Organization (NAFO) in Tuscaloosa
OFFICE LOCATIONS
Washington D.C.
Office
2369 Rayburn House Office Building
Washington, D.C. 20515
Cullman District
Office
205 Fourth Ave. NE, Ste
104
Cullman, AL 35055
Tuscumbia District Office
1011
George Wallace Blvd
Suite 146
Tuscumbia, AL
35674
Jasper District
Office
247 Carl Elliott
Building
1710 Alabama Avenue
Jasper, AL 35501
Gadsden District Office
107 Federal Building
600 Broad Street
Gadsden,
AL 35901
Unsubscribe
|
Update My
Profile
|
Privacy Policy
gateway mail end
