
HOME
|
About Mike
|
Contact YOUR Office
|
Serving You
|
Newsroom
|
Legislative Work
|
4th District
|
Resources
WEBSITE
| SHARE ON:
Greetings,
This past week I returned to Washington, D.C. along with returning colleagues and newly elected members.
Its an exciting time at the Capitol, with new members trying to find their offices and planning for the new 114th Congress.
But we have several more weeks of our current Congress to strengthen our economy and improve our national security, and I commit to you not to waste this opportunity.
The House got off to a strong start by voting to authorize the Keystone XL pipeline, an important jobs bill that has been held up in the Senate.
This is a commonsense, pro-growth, job-creating project that should have been approved, without controversy, by the US Government years ago.
Senator Harry Reid has promised to finally bring up the bill for a vote in the Senate.
Hopefully we can finally put this issue behind us.
Also this week, the House Permanent Selection Committee on Intelligence held an open hearing to discuss the risk of nation-state conflicts, specifically related to Iran, North Korea, and Russia.
During the hearing I expressed my deep concern about the administration's stance toward Iran during the current nuclear negotiations.
The stakes are extraordinarily high - a nuclear Iran poses a great danger to the United States and our allies.
This can't be allowed to happen.
Excerpt from the House Permanent Select Committee on Intelligence in which Professor Walter Russell Mead (Yale University) and General James Cartwright (USMC, ret) respond to my concern.
In the coming weeks we will have a hearing in the Energy and Commerce Committee on my legislation,
The Safe and Accurate Food Labeling Act of 2014 .
This bill will prevent a confusing patchwork of unnecessary state and local regulations on Genetically Modified Organisms (GMOs) that will unnecessary hamper the work of Kansas farmers and increase the cost of food for Kansas consumers.
I look forward to making progress on this important issue.
Stacey Forshee, a Kansas farmer and mother of three great boys,
worked with me as we spoke to the media about my new bill.
I am, as always, humbled by the trust placed in me by the constituents of the 4 th
District.
I will continue to fight for commonsense legislation, limited government and our shared Kansas values.
Sincerely,
Mike Pompeo
Member of Congress
Connect With Mike
NOTE: Please
DO NOT
respond to this email as this
inbox is unattended . To contact my office please
click here
WASHINGTON, DC OFFICE
107 Cannon HOB
Washington, DC 20515
Phone:
(202) 225-6216
Fax:
(202) 225-3489
WICHITA, KS OFFICE
7701 E. Kellogg, Suite 510
Wichita, KS 67207
Phone:
(316) 262-8992
Fax:
(316) 262-5309
UPDATE SUBSCRIPTION OPTIONS
|
PRIVACY POLICY
|
CONTACT US
Click Here Click Here