
Can't see the pictures? Select "Always display images" or
view this message in your browser
The President is Right
November 21, 2014
Share This
Email On:
Twitter
Facebook
The President is Right
Last night,
President Obama announced bold action
to bring our broken immigration system into line with our values as a people and our needs as a nation. The President&rsquo;s Immigration Accountability Executive Actions will secure our borders, prioritize enforcement, and provide relief to millions of hard-working, law-abiding families who may now have a happy Thanksgiving free from the fear of separation.
The President&rsquo;s actions fall well within the clear constitutional and legal authority of his office, and the well-established precedent set by every president since Eisenhower. Even Republican Presidents Ronald Reagan and George H.W. Bush used this authority to refine our immigration system in service of the national interest. These actions make California &ndash; make San Francisco &ndash; a better and more fair place.
Executive action is no substitute for legislation, and the President&rsquo;s action does not absolve Congress of its own responsibility. We will continue to demand action on
bipartisan immigration legislation
that will provide lasting certainty to immigrant families, and secure the billions of dollars in economic benefits that Congressional inaction has denied our country.
Beauty in the Mix
I was humbled and honored this week to be re-elected as the House Democratic Leader for the 114th Congress (2015-2016). As I have always said about San Francisco - the beauty is in the mix. Throughout my time as Leader, I have taken great pride in saying that our House Democratic Caucus is a majority of women, minorities, and LGBT community members. This diversity &ndash; diversity we so value in San Francisco &ndash; makes our Caucus stronger. I will continue to fight for it, and for every American as long as I have the privilege to serve in this great &ldquo;People&rsquo;s House.&rdquo;
How Sweet It Is
To follow Congresswoman Nancy Pelosi on Twitter, please
click here .
Please feel free to
forward this information to your family and friends . To learn more about these efforts, to express your views, or to sign up for email updates,
please visit my website . I am also on
Twitter at http://twitter.com/NancyPelosi .
best regards,
This mailing was prepared, published and mailed at taxpayer expense
Unsubscribe
Washington, DC
235 Cannon HOB
Washington, D.C. 20515
Phone: (202) 225-4965
Map it!
District Office
90 7th Street, Suite 2-800
San Francisco, CA 94103
Phone: (415) 556-4862
Map it!
Click Here
to be removed from this list
