
Saturday, November 15, 2014
WEBSITE
|
FORWARD TO A FRIEND
| SHARE ON:
Congressional Report
Dear Friends,
This week, I traveled back to Washington for the latest series of votes. My staff and I also commemorated Veterans Day across the 28th District and prepared for a series of healthcare enrollment events we are hosting this weekend.
I hope you will take a few moments to read our latest updates below.
As always, feel free to
send me a email
with any questions or concerns you may have and make sure you are following me on
Facebook
and
Twitter
for the latest news.
Thanks,
Henry Cuellar
Commemorating Veterans Across TX28
My staff and I attended events across #TX28 this Tuesday to mark Veterans Day and thank the service members who have given so much for our country.
Thank you for your service and sacrifice!
Congressman Cuellar joined other members of Congress to lay a wreath at Normandy in commemoration of the 70th Anniversary of D-Day.
During the visit, Congressman Cuellar discussed our bilateral relations with Europe and ways our countries can work together.
Congressman Cuellar speaks to WWII veteran Solomon Oviedo, who is turning 100 next week,
and thanked him for his service to our country.
They also discussed ways Congressman Cuellar's office can be of service.
Congressman Cuellar met with WWII veteran Miguel Muoz and his family during this week's Veterans Day event in Laredo and discussed quality of veterans care in Laredo.
Wilson County Outreach Coordinator, Gilbert Lafuente, met with veterans in Floresville during a Veterans Day event this week.
Mr. Lafuente discussed his weekly office hours with the veterans and the San Antonio offices constituents services.
Outreach Coordinator, Pete Arguello, spoke to veterans at the Poteet VFW Post 6970 and discussed ways in which my caseworkers can provide assistance for issues with federal agencies.
Southern District outreach coordinator and caseworker, Nichole Hernandez, attended a Veterans Day event at Our Lady of Guadalupe Catholic Schools in Mission, where she met with veterans and provided information on my offices constituent services.
Southern district outreach coordinator and caseworker, Narda Terrones, attended a Veterans Day event at Starr County Cemetery in Rio Grande City, where she discussed care options available to veterans in the Rio Grande Valley.
Preparing for Health Insurance Workshop
Outreach Coordinator, Michael Buentello, met with local healthcare organizations in preparation for an enrollment and information event my office is hosting this weekend.
My Outreach Coordinator for Webb, Zapata and La Salle Counties, Michael Buentello, met with representatives from several organizations in preparation for the Healthcare Information and Enrollment Event this Saturday, November 15 from 10 a.m. to 4 p.m. at the UT Health Science Center (UTHSC) Laredo Regional Campus Library located at 1937 E. Bustamante St. in Laredo, Texas.
From left to right: Erika Silva with the UTHSC Laredo Regional Campus, Vicky Flores with Area Health Education Center (AHEC), Michael Buentello with the office of Congressman Cuellar and Martha Saldivar with the South Texas Development Council (STDC).
Constituent Casework Success
Constituent caseworker, Narda Terrones, reached out to the Department of Veterans Affairs on behalf of Fernando Flores to resolve an issue with his prescription medication.
Fernando Flores, a Mission resident and veteran, came into my Rio Grande Valley district office due to an issue with his prescription medication. My constituent caseworker, Narda Terrones, met with Mr. Flores and called the Department of Veterans Affairs on his behalf. Due to that outreach, the VA got in touch with Mr. Flores's doctor and the issue was resolved immediately.
Intern Spotlight Section - Washington, D.C.
Hibbah Kaileh, student at the University of North Texas, interned in my Washington, DC office, where she worked on legislative research.
Read this weeks #TX28 intern spotlight!
Hibbah Kaileh is a junior at the University of North Texas, where she is majoring in International Security and Diplomacy as well as studying Arabic.
Hibbah is a native of Frisco, Texas hopes to pursue a career in foreign relations focused on the Middle East.
Thanks, Hibbah, for your hard work!
Read more about Hibbah and all our interns
here .
This Week's TX28 Agency Tip
#TX28Tips is here to help you better understand the Family Education Rights and Privacy Act, or FERPA.
Click here
to watch this video from the Department of Education on your rights regarding your educational records and learn more.
This video from the Department of Education provides information on your rights regarding your educational record.
Top Tweets
The House of Representatives is in session next week
CONNECT
Hearings Next Week
11/18/14:
Committee on Foreign Affairs: "Fighting Ebola: A Ground-Level View"
11/18/14:
Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure: "FAA Reauthorization: Issues in Modernizing and Operating the Nation's Airspace"
11/19/14:
Judiciary Committee: "Oversight of the United States Secret Service"
11/19/14:
Committee on Oversight and Government Reform: "Examining Data Security at the Postal Service"
Neighborhood Office Hours
Tuesday, 11/18/14
Campbellton/Calihan
(Call for Appointment at 210-271-2851)
9am-10am
Christine City Office
102 S. 10th Street
1:30pm-2:30pm
Christine, TX
McMullen County Courthouse
Commissioners Court Room
SH 16 @ Elm Street
10:30am-11:30am
Tilden, TX
Bruni Community Center
303 12th Street
9am-10am
Bruni, TX
Oilton Elementary School
Library
300 DeSpain St
10:30am-11:30am
Oilton, TX
Mirando City
Quad City Community Center
917 N. Main St
12:30pm-1:30pm
Mirando, TX
Thursday, 11/20/14
Converse City Hall
403 Seguin
9am-10am
Converse, TX
China Grove
(Call for appointment at 210-271-2851)
10:30am-11:30am
China Grove, TX
Open to San Antonio
NOTE: Please DO NOT respond to this email as this inbox is unattended. To contact my office please
click here
UPDATE SUBSCRIPTION OPTIONS
|
PRIVACY POLICY
|
CONTACT US
Click Here Click Here