
If you are having trouble viewing this message or would
like to share it on a social network, you can
view the message online .
November 29, 2014 |
Unsubscribe
|
Update My Profile
Senate Democrats Block Passage of Keystone XL
Pipeline
VIDEO:
Sentor Thune
discusses the benefits of the Keystone XL pipeline on the Senate
floor.
On November 18,
2014, Senate Democrats blocked
legislation
that would result in billions of dollars of investment in the
U.S. economy and put thousands of Americans back to work. After six
years of delaying a vote on Keystone XL, the Democrat leadership in the
Senate was suddenly willing to vote on the pipeline. Unfortunately,
the Democrats call for a vote ( 59-41 ) wasnt due to the tens of thousands of jobs it would create for
the American people, but instead was a ploy to help save the job of one
senator whos facing a tough run-off
election.
The Keystone XL pipeline is a no-brainer. The
Obama State Department found that the pipeline poses no meaningful
environmental risk and estimates that in South Dakota alone, the
construction of the Keystone XL pipeline will bring 3,000-4,000 jobs. These jobs
will range from construction jobs for welders, pipefitters and
laborers, to spin-off jobs at local hotels, restaurants, and gas stations.
This will generate well over $100 million in earnings and some $20
million in annual property tax revenue to local counties. That represents
funding for South Dakota schools, roads, bridges, and law enforcement
personnel.
Another benefit of the
pipeline is it would transport 100,000 barrels of U.S. oil per day
from the Bakken oil fields in North Dakota and Montana, which would
relieve over one unit train per day and help to alleviate the rail
bottleneck preventing farmers and other shippers from getting their products
to market. Farmers in South Dakota have piled harvested grain on the
ground because much of the rail capacity they depend on is increasingly
used to move Bakken oil
the very oil that could be moved in the
Keystone XL pipeline.
While the
recent Senate vote on the Keystone XL pipeline failed by a single vote,
passing legislation to approve the Keystone XL pipeline is a priority for
the Republican majority in the upcoming 114th
Congress.
DOT Secretary Foxx Visits South Dakota
Secretary Foxx, Governor Daugaard, and Senator Thune are briefed by
Ellsworth officials on the importance of an expanded training
range.
On November 11, 2014, at
the invitation of Senator Thune, U.S. Department of Transportation
Secretary Anthony Foxx visited South Dakota to attend several
transportation focused events. Secretary Foxx spent the morning in Rapid City with
Senator Thune and Governor Daugaard participating in a roundtable
with transportation stakeholders discussing the importance of
transportation and the impact it has on South Dakotas economy, particularly as
it relates to the states largest industry,
agriculture.
The group also stopped in Chamberlain to
tour the state-owned rail line which has benefitted from public and
private investment, providing agriculture producers and other shippers
with expanded rail service options. The quality of rail service has a
tremendous impact on the ability of shippers and agriculture producers
to get products to market, which has been underscored by the delays
rail shippers faced in the past year.
A briefing with officials from Ellsworth Air Force Base was
also arranged to explain to Secretary Foxx how the pending proposal to
expand the nearby Powder River training range is critical not only
for military servicemen and women, but also for the nations long-term
safety and security. Secretary Foxx oversees the Federal Aviation
Administration which is currently reviewing this training expansion
proposal.
Maintaining a sound and
efficient transportation network in a state like South Dakota, which
has a large landmass and relatively small population, is important to
stimulating economic development. While there is more work to do to
maintain and improve the thousands of miles of roads, bridges, and
highways residents across the state depend upon, Secretary Foxx left South
Dakota with a better understanding of the states unique transportation
challenges and the key role South Dakota plays in the national
transportation system.
Next year,
in the 114th Congress, Senator Thune will serve as the chairman of
the Senate Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation, which has
direct oversight of the U.S. Department of
Transportation.
Thune Launches Interactive Waters of the U.S.
Map
MAP : This interactive map displays analysis from the
Agricultures WOTUS Mapping Initiative (AWMI) outlining the South Dakota
rivers, streams, wetlands, flood plains, and other waterways that
could be regulated under a proposed power-grab from the Obama
administration.
On March 25,
2014, the Environmental Protection Agency (EPA) and the U.S. Army Corps of
Engineers (USACE) published a proposed rule redefining the waters of
the United States under the Clean Water Act to include a number of
small and seasonal bodies of water that have typically been regulated
at the state level. This proposed expansion of the EPAs regulatory
authority would have significant negative economic impacts on property
owners, as they would likely be subjected to new federal permit
requirements, compliance costs, and threats of significant
fines.
To highlight the impact this proposal
could have on South Dakotans, Senator Thune launched an
interactive map
on his website. The map, which
was assembled by various agricultural groups utilizing data from the
U.S. Geological Survey and the Federal Emergency Management Agency,
displays South Dakota rivers, streams, wetlands, flood plains, and other
waterways that could be federally regulated under this
proposal.
Senator Thune has been critical
of the waters of the United States rule since it was proposed.
He is a cosponsor of Senator John Barrassos (R-Wyoming) bill, the
Protecting Water and Property Rights Act ( S. 2496 ), which would prevent the EPA and USACE from
finalizing the waters of the United States rule. Senator Thune also joined
his Republican colleagues on the Senate Committee on Agriculture,
Nutrition, and Forestry, in a meeting with EPA Administrator Gina McCarthy
in July to discuss the severe impact this rule, and other EPA
activities, could have on the agriculture industry in South
Dakota.
Bat Endangered Species Listing Puts Forest Health at
Risk
In 2011, the Fish and Wildlife Service (FWS) reached a secret
sue-and-settle agreement with two radical environmental groups requiring
the FWS to decide whether to list more than 250 species across the
United States, including the northern long-eared bat, as endangered.
Northern long-eared bats are dying at alarming rates in parts of the
country due to the spread of white-nose syndrome. Of the 39 states
considered prime northern long-eared bat habitat, white-nose syndrome has only
been found in 22 states, and has not been found in South
Dakota.
Although FWS has not yet made a
determination on the listing of the northern long-eared bat, it has
released its Interim Conference and Planning Guidance, which includes
conservation guidelines that will take effect should the northern long-eared
bat be listed as an endangered species. Included in these guidelines
is a prohibition on many active forest management
practices.
This prohibition comes despite the
fact that FWS findings failed to show that forest management practices
adversely affect the bat. This interim guidance indicates that listing
the northern long-eared bat as endangered would likely increase the
spread of the bark beetle infestation and the incidence of severe forest
fires, all of which would adversely impact the health of the Black
Hills forestland. These restrictions would also significantly curtail
the timber industry in the Black Hills, and could drive the industry out
of the area altogether, at a cost of more than 1,500 jobs and $119
million in lost revenue to local
economies.
On October 14, 2014, Senator Thune sent a
letter
to the FWS with Representative Kristi Noem
(R-South Dakota) encouraging the agency to withdraw its proposed
listing of the northern long-eared bat. Senator Thune believes that to truly
protect the species, the agency should refocus its efforts on
combating white-nose syndrome. Additionally, should the FWS choose to list
the northern long-eared bat as endangered, it must alter its guidelines
to recognize the many benefits forest management provides to forest
health and bat habitat.
Share Your Health Care
Story
Since the enactment of the presidents health care law, South
Dakotans have written, e-mailed, or called Senator Thunes office to
express their concerns with the law and share how it has impacted
their lives. Many have told him how their premiums have skyrocketed or
they have lost access to their doctor due to a cancelled plan or a
narrowing network. Senator Thune has also heard from small businesses
impacted by the laws onerous provisions and from workers who have had their
hours reduced. If you, like many others, are experiencing
difficulties under the presidents health care law, please share your store with
the senator by clicking
here
or
visiting
http://www.thune.senate.gov/public/index.cfm?p=yourstory.
Please
Feel Free to Tell a
Friend
E-mail:
E-mail:
E-mail:
E-MAIL
UPDATES
Yes, please
periodically send me e-mail updates.* Click Here
*By subscribing to my
e-mail updates, you are
authorizing me to send regular e-mail updates from my office to your e-mail
account.
Read
Senator Thune's Weekly Columns for
November
11/21 |
New Republican Majority
Will Prioritize Jobs, Energy
11/14 |
Working to
Address South Dakota's Transportation
Needs
11/07 |
Honoring our
Nation's
Heroes
Senator Thune spends a
day hunting near Platte with host Tom Steinhauser at Platte Creek
Lodge.
Senator Thune meets with students from Wagner in
his Washington, D.C., office.
Senator Thune
visits with students from Bennett County in his Washington, D.C.,
office.
VIDEO:
Senator Thune
joins
Fox News Sunday with Chris
Wallace to discuss the Senate vote on the Keystone XL pipeline, the
presidents one-sided emissions deal with China, and the presidents executive
action on immigration.
Senator Thune meets with Steven Wallen, Colleen
Convey, and Simon Koster from South Dakota Rolling Thunder Chapter 1
from Sioux Falls and Chapter 2 from Brookings in his Washington, D.C.,
office.
Washington
Office
Senator John Thune
|
511 Dirksen Senate Office
Building |
Washington, DC 20510
Phone: (202) 224-2321 |
Fax: (202) 228-5429 |
Toll-Free: 1-866-850-3855
Sioux Falls
320 North Main Avenue,
Suite B
Sioux Falls, SD
57104
Phone: (605) 334-9596
Rapid City
1313 West Main
Street
Rapid City, SD 57701
Phone: (605) 348-7551
Aberdeen
320 South 1st Street,
Suite 101
Aberdeen, SD 57401
Phone:
(605) 225-8823
Click Here to Reply or to Contact Senator John
Thune
Unsubscribe
|
Update My Profile
|
Privacy Policy
