 Mail
begin
If you are having
trouble viewing this message or would like to share it on a social network,
you can
view the
message online .
HOME
|
ABOUT
|
CONTACT
|
HOW CAN I HELP
|
MEDIA
|
ISSUES
|
THE 12TH
DISTRICT
|
LEGISLATION
Dear David,
Waste, Fraud, &amp;
Abuse
This
weeks newsletter highlights the next most important area of concern
that you voted on several weeks ago in a survey I distributed.
Youll recall that the top three issues that concerned you were illegal
immigration, jobs and the economy, and health care. The fourth most
important issue, receiving 15.3% of the vote ,
was
waste, fraud, and abuse. It is my job to be a steward for the people of
the Twelfth Congressional District of Florida, and ensure that your
hard earned tax dollars are spent wisely. Government accountability is
an important issue
the electorate deserves to know that the
government is being run efficiently and effectively.
BRAND USA
In 2010, Brand USA was established as a
public-private partnership to promote increased tourism to the United States.
Brand USA uses
zero
taxpayer dollars. Instead, it is
funded by international visitors and private contributions. This year I
led the bipartisan effort to pass The Travel Promotion, Enhancement,
and Modernization Act, which would reauthorize Brand USA. It includes a
number of provisions to enhance oversight and accountability of Brand
USA. My bill would:
Require Brand USA to report to Congress the rationales for
advertising method s ;
Require reports to Congress on the implementation of
recommendations made by the Government Accountability
Office;
Ensure Brand USA is
measuring and reporting on the impact of advertising on differentmediums
television, print, etc.
as well as the overall the benefit to the US
economy; and
Require Brand USA to meet with the Department of Commerce to review
procedures regarding in-kind contributions.
Brand USA creates jobs; my bill is a jobs
bill,
and it should be as efficient as possible.
Government
Accountability
A key element to reducing
fraud, waste, and abuse is to hold government agencies accountable
for their actions. Several bills passed by the House would stop excess
and fraudulent spending by increasing oversight. One such bill is the
REINS ACT.
Before any major regulation is implemented, the REINS
Act would require Congress to pass, and the President to sign, a joint
resolution of approval of the regulation. Overly burdensome
regulations have put the squeeze on small businesses across the country.
Congress should have the ability to reject any regulation that will
substantially or unnecessarily and adversely impact the
economy.
Federal agencies are currently
required to inventory and post all federal programs on a centralized
website. The Tax-Payers Right to Know Act holds government agencies
accountable by expanding upon that. It would require the Office of Management
and Budget to post, and annually update, administrative costs, total
expenditures, and the beneficiaries for every federal program.
Transparency is paramount to eliminating waste fraud and abuse.
These are your tax dollars
you should know how they are
spent.
Stopping Tax Benefits
to Illegal Immigrants With the SHUT
Act
Adding to the long list of
negative impacts that the Administrations health care law has caused is
the use of taxpayer money to provide health care benefits to illegal
immigrants. In September, it was
reported that nearly
one million people with immigration data-matching
issues
were given six months to produce appropriate immigration documentation,
while their coverage continued.
I highlighted
this issue - the Obama Administration has a habit of negligent use of
taxpayer money.
My bill - the SHUT Act
would work to address another
loophole that allows illegal immigrants to reap benefits paid for by
taxpayers. Currently, individuals do not have to provide their Social Security
Number to receive the additional child tax credit, and there is
evidence to suggest illegal immigrants have been applying for this tax
credit. It is critical that we put measures in place, such as the SHUT
Act, to defend the taxpayer money from being abused or
wasted.
Sincerely,
Gus Bilirakis
Member of
Congress
Unsubscribe
|
Update My
Profile
|
Privacy Policy
gateway
mail end 