
If you are having trouble viewing this message or
would like to share it on a social network, you can
view the message online .
HOME
ABOUT ME
ISSUES
SERVICES
CONTACT
November 14, 2014
I recently attended a Celebration of Schools
event at Missouri Southern State University to honor area schools and
their commitment to the students in our district.
The
education of our children is a once in a lifetime experience.
The
years before a child reaches kindergarten are among the most critical in
his or her life to influence learning.
Education begins with
active, engaged parents long before students are enrolled in school.
We know that being prepared to learn is as important as the process
of learning itself.
I am a strong proponent of programs,
such as Parents as Teachers, which give parents the resources they need
to best prepare their children for school. Such programs encourage
parents to become more engaged in their children's learning process from
an early age. I also believe that we must do what we can to keep
students engaged through their elementary and secondary education.
Whether that means preparing them for a community college, a career or
technical institution, a four-year university, or the workforce, we
must give our students the tools to succeed.
Higher
education is becoming almost mandatory in today's society. Unfortunately our
higher education system is in a state of crisis. Too many students are
finding themselves with a significant amount of debt as they enter a
severely recessed job market.
I support increased transparency
so that student borrowers can make informed decisions as they choose
which program to study and how to finance their
education.
However, we cannot do everything for everyone and in these pressing
economic times, we must carefully spend hard-working taxpayers dollars.
Washington bureaucrats who have never set foot in Missouri are
placing costly and ineffective burdens on our school systems and not
solving any of the problems.
That is why I support working to
ensure student success by restoring local control to educators.
The
challenges our educators face in Southwest Missouri are different
from those faced in Massachusetts or California.
The federal
government cannot expect to craft a one-size fits all
approach.
For all of these reasons and more I supported legislation (H.R. 5)
during this Congress that would reauthorize and reform the Elementary
and Secondary Education Act, also known as No Child Left Behind. While
President Obama's administration simply continues to grant states
temporary waivers from the law's most onerous requirements, my colleagues
and I in the House are leading the way to remove one-size-fits-all
federal accountability mandates, eliminate and consolidate more than 70
existing and duplicative federal education programs, and to protect
state and local autonomy over decisions in the classroom.
In
the coming 114th Congress, when education bills come before Congress
please know that I will continue to support efforts that take power
away from Washington bureaucrats and give more control to the
states.
Washington Office
1541 Longworth
HOB
Washington, DC 20510
Phone:
(202) 225-6536
Fax: (202) 225-5604
Springfield Office
3232 E.
Ridgeview St.
Springfield, MO 65804
Phone: (417) 889-1800
Fax: (417) 889-4915
Joplin
Office
2727 E. 32nd St. Ste. 2
Joplin, MO 64804
Phone: (417) 781-1041
Fax: (417) 781-2832
Unsubscribe
|
Update My Profile
|
Privacy Policy
gateway mail end 