
October 31, 2014
Click here
if you have trouble viewing this email
ABOUT DENNIS
|
SERVING YOU
|
NEWSROOM
|
ISSUES &amp; LEGISLATION
|
15TH DISTRICT
|
CONTACT
15th District Update
Dear Neighbor,
I'd like to wish you a safe and happy Halloween as you trick or treat with your children, spend time with your friends and family, or hand out candy to trick-or-treaters.
Have You Met Rep. Dennis Ross?
The November issue of Townhall magazine will feature me in a piece called Have You Met. The article highlights how my past and upbringing influenced me to serve Florida with a conservative outlook. I've pushed pro-growth and pro-business legislation like the
Innovation Act
and the
Natural Gas Pipeline Permitting and Reform Act
to boost our economy and encourage job growth.
"I've always had a desire - I put myself through law school, I started my own business. I failed along the way, but this is the way we are raised. There are consequences to your actions, and if you work hard, you receive the benefits of your labors."
"What influenced me most was that we can come from modest means, and achieve incredible things, and a lot of that has to do with inspiration, self confidence."
"My passion now in politics is to ignite the pilot light of desire to succeed. The way you do that is, no matter where you come from, no matter who you are, no matter what your religious, or ethnic, or gender background, believe you can accomplish."
The article will appear on Townhall.com tomorrow. Click this text to view a sneak peak of the article called Have You Met Rep. Dennis Ross.
On Wednesday, I toured the James Musso Boys and Girls Club of Lakeland. I really enjoyed meeting with staff and witnessing the genuine care provided to our community's children. Here are some photos from the visit:
As always, please continue to
write ,
call , and
email
your opinions to my office. I could not effectively represent you in Congress without the advice of my constituents. It is an honor and a privilege to serve you in Congress.
Your Congressman,
Dennis A. Ross
WASHINGTON, D.C. OFFICE
229 Cannon HOB
Washington, D.C. 20515
T(202) 225-1252
F(202) 226-0585
LAKELAND OFFICE
170 Fitzgerald Rd., Ste 1
Lakeland, FL 33813
T(863) 644-8215
T(813) 752-4790
F(863) 648-0749
UPDATE SUBSCRIPTION OPTIONS
|
PRIVACY POLICY
|
CONTACT US
Click Here Click Here