
If you are having trouble viewing
this message or would like to share it on a social network, you can
view the message
online .
About
Contact
Services
Media Center
Legislation
Issues
Resources
November 24, 2014
Dear David,
Here is a brief update
on my work on behalf of Ventura County veterans, Naval Base Ventura
County, seniors, students, and local businesses. Ventura County is rich
in its diversity, from our port and harbors, to our farmers and farm
workers, to our high-tech and biotech industries, to our small business
owners and middle-class families.
My number one goal has
always been to provide the highest level of constituent services
possible. If you need help with a federal agency, please do not hesitate to
contact my district office.
I hope that you will reach out
to me to express your views about legislation and issues important to
you. It is with your input that I can best advocate for our
community.
It has been an honor to represent you and your family in
the 113th Congress, and you can be assured that I will continue to work
tirelessly as Ventura County's advocate in the 114th
Congress.
And, as we approach the beginning of the holiday season, I wish
you and your family a Happy
Thanksgiving.
Sincerely,
JULIA BROWNLEY
Member of Congress
Table of Contents
Brownley Observes Veterans Day in Ventura
County
Brownley Announces Grants To
Combat Veterans Homelessness In Ventura
County
Brownley Visits with Members of the Disabled
American Veterans (DAV) in Oxnard
Brownley
Recognizes
the Mexican
American Bar Association of Ventura Countys Scholarship
Recipients
Brownley Tours
the Camarillo Health Care District
Brownley Fights For Naval Base Ventura County
Priorities
Brownley Meets
With Ventura County Workforce Investment
Board
Brownley Commemorates Military
Family Month
Brownley Observes Veterans Day in Ventura
County
Recently, I had the distinct honor and privilege to attend and
participate in Veterans Day events in Ventura and Oxnard. On Veterans
Day, we must recommit not only to express our gratitude to our
veterans, but to also fulfill our nations promises to take care of them. As
Ventura Countys representative in Congress, I wholeheartedly
understand that our nation has a solemn obligation to make sure that each
veteran, who fought so bravely to defend our country and our freedoms,
receives all of the benefits and care that they have earned and
deserve.
Brownley discusses how she is advocating for our nation's veterans as a
member of the House Veterans Affairs
Committee.
Brownley Announces Grants To
Combat Veterans Homelessness In Ventura
County
The HUD-VASH program is a critical tool in the ongoing national
efforts to end veterans homelessness. Our nation has a moral imperative
to make sure that our veterans have the resources and the support they
need to find suitable housing. As a member of the House Veterans
Affairs Committee, I am absolutely committed to ending veteran
homelessness.
Brownley attends the Ventura
County Stand Down, a community event that embodies our commitment and
dedication to serving homeless veterans throughout the
region.
Brownley Visits with Members of the Disabled
American Veterans (DAV) in Oxnard
I was honored
to meet with members of the Disabled American Veterans (DAV) Oxnard
Chapter 99 and its dedicated members that are continuously working to
empower veterans to lead high-quality lives with respect and
dignity. Their priorities include ensuring that veterans and their families
can access the full range of benefits available to them, fighting for
the interests of America's injured heroes, and educating the public
about the great sacrifices and needs of veterans transitioning back to
civilian life.
Brownley discusses how her office can assist local veterans in cutting
through VA bureaucracy to receive the benefits they have earned and
deserve.
Brownley
Recognizes
the Mexican American Bar Association of Ventura Countys
Scholarship Recipients
Since the early 1970s, the
Mexican American Bar Association (MABA) of Ventura County has been
one of our regions most prestigious and esteemed organizations because
of its respected membership and their legal expertise and professional
assistance. Today, through the establishment of the MABA Education
Foundation, they have made it a priority to encourage and support youth
who have an interest in pursuing a legal career and have shown
dedication to our community. I was honored to join them to recognize five
exemplary students that represent the mission of MABA Ventura County. I
also had the opportunity to discuss educational policies and
priorities, including college accessibility and affordability, with these young
leaders.
Brownley addresses MABAs scholarship recipients and discusses
education policies including college accessibility and
affordability.
Brownley Tours the Camarillo Health Care
District
Formed in 1969, the Camarillo Health
Care District has been providing community health, wellness and safety
services throughout the Pleasant Valley and its surrounding areas.
Recently, I had the wonderful opportunity to tour the Districts new
Adult Day Care Center with Jane Rozanski and her staff to learn about
their continuous efforts to maximize health and wellness through
prevention, screening, education, support and direct services.
Brownley tours the
Camarillo Health District and discusses how her office can be a resource for
seniors.
Brownley Fights For Naval Base
Ventura County's Priorities
Naval Base Ventura
County is critical to our national security and is a critical economic
engine in our community. As Congress works on the defense authorization
and appropriations legislation, I will continue to fight for resources
for the existing commands at Port Hueneme and Point Mugu, and
will continue to work hard to bring new commands to the base, just as I
have been for the Triton, Fire Scout, and E-2D Advanced Hawkeye. I
will also work with my colleagues on the Defense Communities Caucus to
oppose any new round of a BRAC.
Brownley Meets With the
Workforce Investment Board of Ventura County
I was
pleased to participate in the Workforce Investment Board of Ventura
Countys bi-monthly meeting to discuss the Advanced Manufacturing Partnership
of Southern California, a four-county consortium dedicated to
increase the quality and number of high-skilled next generation advanced
manufacturing jobs throughout our region. Due to my advocacy, Ventura
County was included in the partnership.
Brownley attends the Workforce
Investment Board of Ventura County's bi-monthly meeting to discuss their
priorities in
Congress.
Brownley Commemorates Military Family
Month
November is Military Family Month, which offers an opportunity to thank the
families of the brave men and women who serve in our Armed Forces for
their sacrifice and service to our nation. As your Congresswoman and as
a proud member of the House Veterans Affairs Committee, I will
continue to fight to ensure that our servicemembers and veterans receive
the benefits they have earned and deserve.
Brownley discusses her ongoing
efforts to improve access to high-quality VA care for veterans and
their families.
E-mail Updates
Yes,
please periodically send me e-mail updates.*
*By subscribing to my
e-mail updates, you are
authorizing me to send regular e-mail updates from my office to your
e-mail account.
Tell a Friend
E-mail:
Share on Facebook Share on
Twitter Share on
LinkedIn
Washington D.C. Office
1019 Longworth HOB
Washington, DC 20515
Phone:
2022255811
Fax: 2022251100
Hours: Mon.-Fri. 9:00am-6:00pm Eastern
Oxnard, CA
Office
300 E. Esplanade Drive, Suite
470
Oxnard, CA 93036
Phone: 8053791779
Fax:
8053791799
Hours: Mon.-Fri. 9:00am-6:00pm Pacific
Thousand Oaks, CA Office
223 E.
Thousand Oaks Blvd., Suite 411
Thousand
Oaks, CA 91360
Phone Number:
8053791779
Fax: 8053791799
Hours: Mon.-Fri. 9:00am-6:00pm Pacific
Unsubscribe
|
Update My Profile
|
Privacy Policy
gateway mail end
