
Can't see the pictures? Select "Always display images" or
view this message in your browser
Season of Giving
November 26, 2014
Season of Giving
On Thanksgiving, we come together to offer gratitude for the blessings in our lives. As we give thanks for our families, friends, and loved ones, may we also rededicate ourselves to ensuring the strength of our community, our City, and our country.
On this day of giving thanks, let us set seek out areas of
common purpose , whether in charting a course of
justice for immigrants
or
ministering to the poor ,
educating our children
or
curing disease . Let us recall the words of our patron saint, St. Francis &ndash; &ldquo;For it is in giving that we receive&rdquo; and renew our commitment to lift up the needy and help the less fortunate. This Thanksgiving, may we continue to give of ourselves on behalf of others, in the name of the greater good.
Congresswoman Nancy Pelosi joins with her grandchildren to serve meals at St. Anthony&rsquo;s Dining Room in South of Market during the Thanksgiving holiday last year.
Share This
Email On:
Twitter
Facebook
As many of us gather around our tables surrounded by family and friends for Thanksgiving this week, I also encourage you to explore the resources offered by the U.S. Department of Agriculture to ensure that you and your loved ones have a safe, healthy and happy holiday season. Please visit the USDA
website
or go to
www.foodsafety.gov
to find useful tips on how to prepare a meal for you and your loved ones that is both delicious and healthy.
To follow Congresswoman Nancy Pelosi on Twitter, please
click here .
Please feel free to
forward this information to your family and friends . To learn more about these efforts, to express your views, or to sign up for email updates,
please visit my website . I am also on
Twitter at http://twitter.com/NancyPelosi .
best regards,
This mailing was prepared, published and mailed at taxpayer expense
Unsubscribe
Washington, DC
235 Cannon HOB
Washington, D.C. 20515
Phone: (202) 225-4965
Map it!
District Office
90 7th Street, Suite 2-800
San Francisco, CA 94103
Phone: (415) 556-4862
Map it!
Click Here
to be removed from this list
