 Mail
begin
If you are
having trouble viewing this message or would like to share it on a
social network, you can
view the message online .
November 18, 2014
Unsubscribe
Update My Profile
Website
|
Meet Rep. Fattah
|
2nd District
Services
|
Issues
|
Contact Rep.
Fattah
Dear Friend,
This newsletter is designed to provide you with the latest
information on the work Im doing as your Representative in Washington. It also
keeps you up to date on what's happening in and around the
District.
I look forward to staying in
touch and hearing from you.
HEALTHCARE
ENROLLMENT NOW OPEN - GET
COVERED!
Last weekend the Affordable Care Act (ACA) open
enrollment season for 2015 began. You can now enroll in an
affordable health plan that works for you.
The ACA allows all
Americans access to the Health Insurance Marketplace to compare and
purchase health insurance coverage.
Pennsylvanians use the
federal
Marketplace
and enrollment runs
through February 15, 2015.
Consumers can apply for health
coverage in four ways
by phone, online, by mail with a paper
application, or with the help of an in-person representative. You can find
more information through
www.HealthCare.gov
or
www.cuidadodesalud.gov . If you experience
difficulties registering on the website, or prefer to enroll via phone,
you may call 1-800-318-2596 toll free to speak with a trained customer
service representative with translation services available in 150
languages.
LEGISLATIVE CORNER
EASING GRADUATE PLUS LOAN ELIGIBILITY FOR
STUDENTS AND FAMILIES
In October 2011 the Department of Education tightened the loan
standards for Parent PLUS loans. This change negatively affected more
than 30,000 students. Together with members of the Congressional Black
Caucus, I sent a letter to the Department of Education in October 2013
requesting modifications to the credit history guidelines that impact
the requirements for PLUS loan eligibility. Finally, after many years
of advocacy the Department agreed last month to modify the rules
previously implanted.
"I applaud the strengthening of the
Federal Direct PLUS Loan Program that seeks to expand access to
secondary education, and I commend the new rules commitment to transparency
and an understanding that economic conditions have changed for many
American families since the rule was last updated in 1994. I am
especially pleased that the Department solicited input from families and
students across the countryincluding the HBCU communityin reaching this
decision."
Read my
full
statement here .
COMMUNITY
NEWS
GROUNDBREAKING FOR BIKE &amp; PEDESTRIAN TRAIL OVER THE
MANAYUNK BRIDGE
On October 28, I joined local
elected officials and dignitaries to break ground on the historic
Manayunk Bridge that will connect the Cynwyd Heritage Trail with the
Schuylkill River Trail over the Schuylkill River. Once complete, this trail
extension will restore a vital connection between Lower Merion and the
City of Philadelphia that has been closed for nearly 30 years,
unlocking an important connection point in the Circuit, Greater Philadelphias
multi-use trail network.
This trail extension is one of many
planned construction projects that will bring new life to the riverfront
and help connect people to the regions natural resources.
LAWMAKERS, HOSPITALS, &amp; LOCAL OFFICIALS
DISCUSS EBOLA PREPAREDNESS IN PHILLY
Last
month, I met with other members of the Pennsylvania Congressional
delegation and state and county health officials to discuss our region's
ability to respond to an Ebola outbreak. Officials from the
Philadelphia International Airport and the U.S. Customs and Border Protection
were also in attendance. As a result of the meeting, I have every
confidence that our first-rate medical professionals in the Philadelphia
region are capable, prepared, and equipped to handle any patient in the
region that may exhibit signs of Ebola. Read more about the meeting
here .
UPCOMING SEMINAR ON DOING BUSINESS WITH THE
FEDERAL GOVERNMENT
Interested in better understanding
how to do business with the federal government? An upcoming
seminar in Philadelphia on November 19, "What You Don't Know About Doing
Business with The Federal Government, " will teach ways to access
capital through the Small Business Administration, how to take advantage
of and win government contracts, and how to generally do business with
the Federal Government, including becoming 8(a) HubZone Certified.
For additional information click
here .
GRANT &amp; FUNDING
OPPORTUNITIES
NATIONAL ENDOWMENT FOR THE ARTS "THE BIG READ" GRANTS
The Big Read is a program of
the National Endowment for the Arts (NEA) and ArtsMidwest designed to
restore reading to American culture. The Big Read provides
organizations with grants and comprehensive resources that support their efforts
to inspire their community to read.
Eligible applicants
include organizations such as literary centers, libraries, museums,
colleges and universities, art centers, historical societies, arts councils,
tribal governments, humanities councils, literary festivals, and arts
organizations.
The Big Read is accepting applications for
grants between $2,500 and $20,000. Guidelines for applying for a 2015-16
Big Read grant are now available. The deadline is Wednesday, January
28, 2015, 4:00p.m. CST. For more information, visit
neabigread.org .
There's much more happening
online
and I invite you
to:
Visit my
Flickr
page to
see photos of my recent meetings and activities in the
District.
Check out
YouTube
where you can watch my latest speeches and TV
appearances.
Read our
latest grant
announcements
to see what funding opportunities Ive
helped steer to our district.
As always, please feel free to call or write to
share your views. It is an honor to serve you in
Congress.
Very truly
yours,
Chaka
Fattah
E-MAIL UPDATES
Yes, please periodically send me e-mail
updates.*
Click Here
*By subscribing to my
e-mail updates, you are authorizing me to send regular e-mail updates from
my office to your e-mail account.
Please Feel Free to Tell a Friend
E-mail:
E-mail:
E-mail:
District Office
2401 N. 54th Street
Philadelphia, PA 19131
Phone:
215.871.4455
Fax: 215.871.4456
Washington DC
Office
2301 Rayburn HOB
Washington, DC
20515
202.225.4001
Update My Profile
-
Unsubscribe
-
Privacy
Policy
gateway mail end
