
If you are having trouble viewing this
message or would like to share it on a social network, you can
view the message online .
HOME
CONTACT US
CONSTITUENT SERVICES
ISSUES AND LEGISLATION
November 23, 2014
The Imperial Presidency:
This election the American people sent a clear message to Washington
that they do not want repeats of failed past policies, they want
President Obama to work with Congress to solve problems. The Presidents
unilateral action blatantly disregards this message and the separation of
powers set forth by the Constitution. Even President Obama himself has
admitted
over 20 times
that this executive
action exceeds constitutional authority. Furthermore, as the White House
has rightly pointed out, executive amnesty has been tried in the past
and that it is even being discussed again is proof positive that it is
a failed policy.
Repeating a past mistake will only make things
worse and will destroy any progress Congress has made toward real
immigration reform.
However, despite the presidents
unilateral actions, Congress will continue working and utilizing the
many tools in the Constitution to attempt to stop the President from
acting alone. We will continue funding the government, but we will not
let the President get away with this unconstitutional
action.
The President knows he is not authorized to take action and it is
my hope he will execute our laws faithfully and have an honest
forward-thinking debate about this important issue. It is time for the
President to stop repeating past mistakes, listen to the American people, and
join Congress in solving
problems.
Laser-Focused on Helping People Get Back to Work :
At the
weekly press conference with Republican leaders, I talked about a
recent report published by the Bureau of Labor Statistics showing that
younger veterans, specifically 9/11 veterans, struggle considerably more
with unemployment than those who are older and compared to the general
workforce.
The House has been relentlessly focused on
solutions to get Americans and veterans back to work, including passing the
Hire More Heroes Act to encourage employers to hire more of our
nations veterans.
Click here
to watch my
remarks at the press conference.
National Rural Health Care Day :
In honor of
National Rural Health Day, I spoke on the House Floor to reaffirm my
personal, unwavering commitment to ensuring rural communities have access to
quality care options.
To watch my remarks on the House
Floor,
click here.
Keystone XL Pipeline Denied in Senate :
This
week, House Republicans anxiously awaited a vote in the United States
Senate that would finally approve the Keystone XL Pipeline. The House
has passed Keystone several times, but the pipeline project has lagged
in the Senate for years.
Unfortunately, the Senate failed
to gain the necessary votes to approve the Keystone XL, largely because
Democratic Senators continue to fold under the pressure of
environmental groups despite the fact that six lengthy
environmental impact studies
done by the federal government have found
that the pipeline would have no adverse environmental impact. The
Keystone XL pipeline will, however, boost the economy and create good-paying
jobs that can support American
families.
Medicare Teletown Hall :
On Friday morning, I called
thousands of seniors in Eastern Kansas with a Medicare Specialist from
CMS on the phone to help answer questions about Medicare Open
Enrollment. I want to thank everyone who participated in this live conference
call and I encourage you to contact my office if you still have
questions about Medicare Open Enrollment season.
My staff and I
are here to work for you. If you ever have any questions, I hope you
will call my office at (785) 234-LYNN (5966) and speak to my staff
about issues you are concerned with.
Please Feel Free to Tell a Friend
E-mail:
E-mail:
E-mail:
Share on Facebook Share on Twitter
Washington, DC
Office
1027 Longworth HOB
Washington, D.C. 20515
Phone: (202) 225-6601
Fax: (202) 225-7986
Pittsburg
Office
1001 N. Broadway Street #C
Pittsburg, KS 66762
Phone: (620) 231-LYNN (5966)
Fax: (620) 231-5972
Topeka
Office
3550 SW 5th Street
Topeka, KS 66606
Phone: (785) 234-LYNN (5966)
Fax: (785) 234-5967
Independence Office
120 N. 6th Street
Independence,
KS 67301
Phone: (620) 231-LYNN
(5966)
Fax: (620) 231-5972
Unsubscribe
|
Update My Profile
|
Privacy Policy
gateway
mail end 