 in a recent interview, saying that D.C. has a right to pursue the legalization of marijuana.
His remarks seem keeping with his principled libertarian values because the Senator has taken no position as of yet on marijuana legalization itself.
Protecting D.C.s New Marijuana Laws from the Latest Threat
Before the ink dried on the November 4th ballots for D.C.s Initiative 71, to legalize marijuana, Rep. Andy Harris (R-MD) came out once again saying that he will do everything in his power to undo the will of D.C. voters.
Weve stopped his recent attempt to block marijuana decriminalization, which is proceeding.
Im more than ready for the fight for legalization , which comes with a mandate from two-thirds of the people.
Urging the Federal Communications Commission to Hold the Hearing Necessary to Get the Washington Football Team Name Off the Air
As Native American Heritage Month began in November, the Federal Communications Commission (FCC) should begin the process under its own regulations to prevent the use
of the Washington football team name.
I support the petition submitted by George Washington University law professor John Banzhaf III for the FCC to act.
The FCC chair and one other commissioner have already indicated their personal views opposing the team name.
The FCC now has official evidence from the exhaustive hearings, as well as voluminous records and findings of the U.S. Patent and Trademark Office (USPTO) that the name is derogatory.
Allowing the use of the team name in radio and television broadcasts is inconsistent with the USPTO decision.
I will be introducing the House version of Senator Cantwells bill to strip the National Football League of its tax-exempt status if they continue using the name.
Adding insult to injury, taxpayers are now forced to support the teams racist name because the NFL hasnt acted, yet the NFL continues to profit from shared income from the Washington football team.
Welcoming a New Giant Store to Cleveland Park Community
I helped cut the ribbon
at the opening of a new Giant in the Cleveland Park community last Tuesday.
The new store, located near the Washington Cathedral, has brought jobs that renovated one of the oldest Giants in D.C.
doctype html
Congresswoman Nortons e-Newsletter
November 10, 2014
Meeting with Mayor-elect Muriel Bowser in the Capitol
Mayor-elect Muriel Bowser visited me on Capitol Hill last Thursday.
We discussed the business ahead of us during the lame duck session.
Congress has not passed a budget, including D.C.s own budget.
Ive kept the marijuana and gun amendments off our appropriations
so far.
When the leadership of the House, Senate, and committees are chosen, the mayor-elect and I will be visiting them.
Senator Rand Paul Supports D.C.s Right to Choose Marijuana Legalization
I was pleased to hear that Senator Rand Paul
spoke out
in a recent interview, saying that D.C. has a right to pursue the legalization of marijuana.
His remarks seem keeping with his principled libertarian values because the Senator has taken no position as of yet on
marijuana legalization itself.
Protecting D.C.s New Marijuana Laws from the Latest Threat
Before the ink dried on the November 4 th
ballots for D.C.s Initiative 71, to legalize marijuana, Rep. Andy
Harris (R-MD) came out once again saying that he will do everything in his power to undo the will of D.C. voters.
Weve stopped his recent attempt to block marijuana decriminalization, which is proceeding.
Im more than ready for the
fight for legalization , which comes with a mandate from two-thirds of the people.
Urging the Federal Communications Commission to Hold the Hearing Necessary to Get the Washington Football Team Name
Off the Air
As Native American Heritage Month began in November, the Federal Communications Commission (FCC) should begin the process under its own regulations to
prevent the use
of the Washington football team name.
I support the petition submitted by George Washington University law professor John Banzhaf III for the FCC to act.
The FCC chair and one other commissioner have already
indicated their personal views opposing the team name.
The FCC now has official evidence from the exhaustive hearings, as well as voluminous records and findings of the U.S. Patent and Trademark Office (USPTO) that the name is derogatory.
Allowing the use
of the team name in radio and television broadcasts is inconsistent with the USPTO decision.
I will be introducing the House version of Senator Cantwells bill to strip the National Football League of its tax-exempt status if they continue using the name.
Adding insult to injury, taxpayers are now forced to support the teams racist name because the NFL hasnt acted, yet the NFL continues to profit from shared income from the Washington football team.
Welcoming a New Giant Store to Cleveland Park Community
I helped
cut the ribbon
at the opening of a new Giant in the Cleveland Park community last Tuesday.
The new store, located near the Washington Cathedral, has brought jobs that renovated one of the oldest Giants in D.C.
Thanks for subscribing!
Follow Congresswoman Norton on
Facebook ,
Twitter ,
Instagram ,
YouTube , or her
website
for more updates.
Capitol Hill Office
2136 Rayburn HOB
Washington, D.C. 20515
Phone: (202) 225-8050
Fax: (202) 225-3002
S.E. District Office
2041 Martin Luther King Jr. Ave., S.E.
Washington, D.C. 20020
Phone: (202) 678-8900
Fax: (202) 678-8844
Main District Office
90 K Street, N.E., Suite 100
Washington DC 20001
Phone: (202) 408-9041
Fax: (202) 408-9048
To unsubscribe from our list, please click here .
