 for the city for decades, who was loved by many for his resilience and focus on those most in need.
My thoughts and prayers remain with his wife, Cora Masters Barry, and his son, Marion Christopher Barry.
Two Great National Issues Emerge from the Grand Jury Decision in Michael Brown Shooting
My heart goes out to the family and friends of Michael Brown, the unarmed teenager shot and killed by Officer Darren Wilson.
The grand jury decision
may have resulted in no indictment, but the parents don't want their son to have died in vain.
We can keep this from happening because out of this tragedy stepped an issue seething nationwide: Provocative stops and detentions of people of color on the streets of our country, particularly African American men, has become the norm throughout the United States.
Even Attorney General Eric Holder was stopped here.
Jurisdictions like the District, whose police have good training, will need to engage in some new activities and retraining to overcome the common practice of stopping men on the street for no good reason except the color of their skin.
Republican Attacks on D.C.'s Speed and Traffic Cameras
Last week, we informed constituents that Representative Steve Stockman (R-TX) has introduced a bill (H.R. 5755) to prohibit the District
from using automated traffic enforcement systems, such as red light and speed cameras.
The bill's cosponsor is Representative Kerry Bentivolio (R-MI).
Both of these members are not coming back to Congress next year - Rep. Stockman will not be running again for another term in the House, and Rep. Bentivolio lost his primary election.
By turning their focus away from their own constituents and onto the local laws of a local jurisdiction, these two members have violated their self-professed support of local government and federalism.
Wherever you stand on cameras, it's no business of members of Congress from elsewhere to fix.
Bentivolio went after D.C. cameras once before with a bill, but withdrew the bill once I exposed him.
No wonder these two guys won't be returning for the 114th Congress.
Taking Action on Crime at Shepherd Parkway and Kenilworth Park
Following last month's "Capital Parks East Town Hall," the first to be held concerning National Park Service (NPS) parks east of the Anacostia River, I received word that NPS and U.S. Park Police (USPP) have moved on two of the fourteen action items
that came out of that town hall.
Since our town hall, USPP has made twenty arrests in Shepherd Parkway, an urban park in Southeast with a wooded corridor of wildlife and the remains of two Civil War-era forts, making the park more receptive to residents. NPS and USPP also agreed to address the lack of lights in Kenilworth Park, another NPS park east of the river.
USPP now locks the Kenilworth Park entrance gate at night, a good first step.
Honoring Civil Rights Activists at the White House Presidential Medal of Freedom Ceremony
Last Monday, after writing the President requesting the Presidential Medal of Freedom (posthumous) for three student civil rights activists, James Chaney, Andrew Goodman and Michael Schwerner, who were killed in Mississippi during the 1964 Freedom Summer, I attended a White House ceremony
honoring nineteen recipients.
I spent much of my early years in the Civil Rights Movement often in Mississippi, and was pleased to see their relatives receive the Medal.
Celebrating Small Business Saturday in Southeast
On Saturday, I commemorated Small Business Saturday , an annual event that promotes patronage within local communities, by visiting Nubian Hueman Boutique Lounge in southeast D.C.
I was accompanied by the Administrator of the U.S. Small Business Administration, Maria Contreras-Sweet, as we celebrated the District's tens of thousands of small businesses.
Giving Thanks to D.C Area Military Families
Last Friday, to kickoff Thanksgiving weekend, I spoke at the Fourth Annual Military Thanksgiving Dinner
at Arena Stage, after which our military men and women were treated to food on the roof.
It is always an honor to attend this annual Thanksgiving event, which honors the sacrifices of D.C. service members and veterans and their families, who have traveled abroad to uphold and bring democracy, only to return home to our nation's capital without the basic freedoms they themselves have risked their lives to help secure for others.
The George Didden Holiday Tree Lighting Ceremony,
On Saturday, I spoke at the annual George Didden Holiday Tree Lighting
ceremony in Eastern Market, my home community.
The tree lighting ceremony in memory of George Didden, the late president of the Capitol Hill BID, has been a D.C. tradition since 2007. The tree, which was small when planted, is now huge and beautiful.
It serves as a visual reminder for residents and visitors that Capitol Hill is a community of neighbors and residents.
Congratulations to Dr. James Loeffler for Receiving Prestigious Kluge Fellowship
Congratulations to D.C. resident Dr. James Loeffler
for being selected as a Fellow at the John W. Kluge Center at the Library of Congress.
As a Kluge Fellow, Dr. Loeffler is working on his current book project, The Vanishing Minority: Jews and Human Rights in the Twentieth Century, looking at the roles of Jews in building and critiquing the modern human rights movement after World War II through the 1980s.
As a fighter for human rights, I look forward to Dr. Loeffler's research and his new book.
doctype html
Congresswoman Norton&#8217;s e-Newsletter
December 1, 2014
Mourning the Loss of Marion Barry
Last week, the city lost four-time mayor and Ward 8 councilmember Marion Barry, a
larger-than-life figure
for the city for decades, who was loved by many for his resilience and focus on those most in need.
My thoughts and prayers remain with his wife, Cora Masters Barry, and his son, Marion Christopher
Barry.
Two Great National Issues Emerge from the Grand Jury Decision in Michael Brown Shooting
My heart goes out to the family and friends of Michael Brown, the unarmed teenager shot and killed by Officer Darren Wilson.
The
grand jury decision
may have resulted in no indictment, but the parents don&#8217;t want their son to have died in vain.
We can keep this from happening because out of this tragedy stepped an issue seething nationwide: Provocative
stops and detentions of people of color on the streets of our country, particularly African American men, has become the norm throughout the United States.
Even Attorney General Eric Holder was stopped here.
Jurisdictions like the District, whose police
have good training, will need to engage in some new activities and retraining to overcome the common practice of stopping men on the street for no good reason except the color of their skin.
Republican Attacks on D.C.&#8217;s Speed and Traffic Cameras
Last week, we informed constituents that Representative Steve Stockman (R-TX) has introduced a bill (H.R. 5755) to
prohibit the District
from using automated traffic enforcement systems, such as red light and speed cameras.
The bill&#8217;s cosponsor is Representative Kerry Bentivolio (R-MI).
Both of these members are not coming back to Congress
next year &#8211; Rep. Stockman will not be running again for another term in the House, and Rep. Bentivolio lost his primary election.
By turning their focus away from their own constituents and onto the local laws of a local jurisdiction, these two members have
violated their self-professed support of local government and federalism.
Wherever you stand on cameras, it&#8217;s no business of members of Congress from elsewhere to fix.
Bentivolio went after D.C. cameras once before with a bill, but withdrew the bill once
I exposed him.
No wonder these two guys won&#8217;t be returning for the 114 th
Congress.
Taking Action on Crime at Shepherd Parkway and Kenilworth Park
Following last month&#8217;s &#8220;Capital Parks East Town Hall,&#8221; the first to be held concerning National Park Service (NPS) parks east of the Anacostia River, I received word that NPS and U.S. Park Police (USPP) have moved on two of the fourteen
action items
that came out of that town hall.
Since our town hall, USPP has made twenty arrests in Shepherd Parkway, an urban park in Southeast with a wooded corridor of wildlife and the remains of two Civil War-era forts,
making the park more receptive to residents. NPS and USPP also agreed to address the lack of lights in Kenilworth Park, another NPS park east of the river.
USPP now locks the Kenilworth Park entrance gate at night, a good first step.
Honoring Civil Rights Activists at the White House Presidential Medal of Freedom Ceremony
Last Monday, after writing the President requesting the Presidential Medal of Freedom (posthumous) for three student civil rights activists, James Chaney, Andrew Goodman and Michael Schwerner, who were killed in Mississippi during the 1964 Freedom Summer, I
attended a
White House ceremony
honoring nineteen recipients.
I spent much of my early years in the Civil Rights Movement often in Mississippi, and was pleased to see their relatives receive the Medal.
Celebrating Small Business Saturday in Southeast
On Saturday, I commemorated
Small Business Saturday , an annual event that promotes patronage within local communities, by visiting Nubian Hueman Boutique Lounge in southeast D.C.
I was accompanied by the Administrator of the U.S. Small Business Administration,
Maria Contreras-Sweet, as we celebrated the District&#8217;s tens of thousands of small businesses.
Giving Thanks to D.C Area Military Families
Last Friday, to kickoff Thanksgiving weekend, I spoke at the
Fourth Annual Military Thanksgiving Dinner
at Arena Stage, after which our military men and women were treated to food on the roof.
It is always an honor to attend this annual Thanksgiving event, which honors the sacrifices
of D.C. service members and veterans and their families, who have traveled abroad to uphold and bring democracy, only to return home to our nation&#8217;s capital without the basic freedoms they themselves have risked their lives to help secure for others.
The George Didden Holiday Tree Lighting Ceremony ,
On Saturday, I spoke at the annual
George Didden Holiday Tree Lighting
ceremony in Eastern Market, my home community.
The tree lighting ceremony in memory of George Didden, the late president of the Capitol Hill BID, has been a D.C. tradition since 2007.
The tree, which was small when planted, is now huge and beautiful.
It serves as a visual reminder for residents and visitors that Capitol Hill is a community of neighbors and residents.
Congratulations to Dr. James Loeffler for Receiving Prestigious Kluge Fellowship
Congratulations to D.C. resident
Dr. James Loeffler
for being selected as a Fellow at the John W. Kluge Center at the Library of Congress.
As a Kluge Fellow, Dr. Loeffler is working on his current book project,
The Vanishing Minority: Jews and Human Rights in the Twentieth Century , looking at the roles of Jews in building and critiquing the modern human rights movement after World War II through the 1980s.
As a fighter for human rights, I look forward to Dr.
Loeffler&#8217;s research and his new book.
Thanks for subscribing!
Follow Congresswoman Norton on
Facebook ,
Twitter ,
Instagram ,
YouTube , or her
website
for more updates.
Capitol Hill Office
2136 Rayburn HOB
Washington, D.C. 20515
Phone: (202) 225-8050
Fax: (202) 225-3002
S.E. District Office
2041 Martin Luther King Jr. Ave., S.E.
Washington, D.C. 20020
Phone: (202) 678-8900
Fax: (202) 678-8844
Main District Office
90 K Street, N.E., Suite 100
Washington DC 20001
Phone: (202) 408-9041
Fax: (202) 408-9048
To unsubscribe from our list, please click here .
