DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.0 Transitional//EN" "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml1/DTD/xhtml1-transitional.dtd"
November 21, 2014
Click here
if you have trouble viewing this email
Our priorities in the weeks ahead
Dear Friend,
I hope that you and yours are doing well and looking forward to joining family and friends for Thanksgiving. I am writing to update you on our legislative priorities as we enter the final weeks of the 113th Congress.
First, let me take a few moments to share my views on President Obamas announcement of unilateral action on immigration. Clearly, our immigration system is broken, but we need to work together to change the law, using the process outlined in our Constitution. I have long supported securing our borders and fixing all aspects of this broken system. Instead, the President is selectively choosing not to enforce the law, something he is duty-bound to do by his oath of office. The President himself has stated repeatedly that he does not have the authority to take this action.
The best way forward centers on bipartisan negotiations within Congress to address all immigration issues, including border security, interior enforcement, visa reforms, guest worker program reforms, a program to address the status of undocumented immigrants, and effective foreign policy reforms. After securing our borders, I support legislation that encourages people living in the country without legal documentation to come forward and plead guilty to breaking the law, submit to a background check, and pay a fine. These actions would lead to earned legal status.
Moving forward, I will continue to work on
legislation that empowers Congress
to restore its proper role as envisioned by the Founders.
My staff and I are also working hard to advance several bills that have a direct impact on the quality of life in our region. This year, the House passed legislation I authored to combat Lyme disease, lower electricity rates in the Hudson Valley, and assist Navy veterans sickened by exposure to Agent Orange in Vietnam. Our focus now shifts to securing approval for those bills in the Senate.
We are hopeful that our Lyme bill,
HR 4701 , will pass the Senate by unanimous consent before the New Year. Each day my team is working closely with Senate staff to illuminate the suffering of patients with Lyme and other tick-borne illnesses, and I am in regular contact with my Senate colleagues to gain their support for this bill.
Our bill to
reverse the rate hikes
imposed by the Federal Energy Regulatory Commission (FERC) was taken up by Senator Schumer and may be included as part of the budget Senators will consider in the weeks ahead.
We are also working to see that our legislation requiring the Department of Defense to compile a
definitive list
of the ships whose crews were exposed to Agent Orange is included in the Senates Defense Spending Bill for the coming fiscal year.
This month, I was honored and humbled to participate in Veterans Day ceremonies in Hyde Park, Averill Park, Catskill, Rock Hill, Bloomingburg, South Kortright, Kingston, Cooperstown, Amenia, and Hudson, among others. Thank you to the many veterans, students, and educators who made these events possible.
We live in the greatest nation on earth, and we have much to be thankful for. Be safe and have a happy Thanksgiving!
Sincerely,
Chris Gibson
Member of Congress
IN THE NEWS
WGY:
Interview on immigration
Poughkeepsie Journal:
Editorial: FERC's energy strategy must not stand
Daily Mail:
County honors its first female veteran
Daily Freeman:
Kingstons main post office could be named for local war hero Robert Dietz
WRGB:
West Sand Lake Veterans Day program
Register Star:
Looking ahead to the next term
ON THE HILL
How can we help you?
CONNECT
RSS Feeds
Facebook
Youtube
Twitter
Click Here Click Here