
November 11, 2014
Dear Fellow New Mexican,
Today, I join New Mexicans in honoring our brave veterans, service members, and fallen heroes who've given their lives for our freedom. More than 170,000 veterans across New Mexico have defended our nation with extraordinary valor and distinction.
Part of fulfilling America's promise to our veterans is to provide them with immediate and unparalleled quality health care. That's why I've worked to improve veterans' access to health services at VA clinics and hospitals in New Mexico.
In response to unacceptable wait times veterans faced to see a doctor, I cosponsored the
Veterans' Access to Care through Choice, Accountability, and Transparency Act , a bill -- signed into law -- to give the VA the resources it needs to reduce appointment wait times. The proposal allows VA medical facilities across the country to hire more doctors and nurses, and provides veterans with the option to receive private care outside VA facilities if timely VA care isn't available.
This year, with the help of veterans, military families, local officials, and community members, we opened the doors to new VA Community-Based Outpatient Clinics in
Raton
and
Santa Fe
to provide greater access to quality primary health care, mental health care, telemedicine services, and increased access for disabled veterans. These new, modern facilities are exactly what New Mexico veterans deserve -- and we're just getting started.
A new VA community outpatient clinic in Gallup is currently under construction and scheduled to open its doors in March 2015. When completed, it will be more than 2,000 square feet larger than the current facility and serve 1,300 veterans in the area. Additionally, I will continue to support the construction of a new 10,000 square-foot Community-Based Outpatient Clinic in Las Cruces to provide veterans in southern New Mexico with expanded quality VA health care services.
I also sponsored the
Veterans Benefits Claims Faster Filing Act , a bipartisan proposal to ease the process of filing a VA disability claim. The bill would require the Veterans Benefits Administration, an agency under the U.S. Department of Veterans Affairs, to provide veterans with accurate information for faster filing options.
Few sacrifices are as selfless as those our military service men and women make in defense of our country. We owe our veterans and military families more than a debt of gratitude -- we owe them action in both our words and deeds.
Since coming to the Senate, my office has helped hundreds of veterans across New Mexico with casework. And we're ready to help you. If you are a veteran or a beneficiary who is experiencing trouble filing a claim, receiving benefits, accessing health care, or appealing an outcome, I urge you to
contact my office anytime
for assistance or visit the
Veterans Resources
page on my website.
It is an honor and privilege to serve you in the United States Senate.
MARTIN HEINRICH
United States Senator
Follow me on Facebook and Twitter:
To unsubscribe from this mailing list,
click here .
To continue to receive updates,
click here .