
If you are having trouble viewing this
message or would like to share it on a social network, you can
view the message online .
Home
About Deb
Constituent Services
News Room
Priorities
Contact Deb
December 01, 2014
Dear Friends,
Partisanship in Washington has severely
limited our abilities to find solutions to many of our nations greatest
challenges. But it doesnt have to be this way. This month yielded
several examples of bipartisan success on legislation Ive championed to
update federal regulations and address gaps on local television
programming for rural Americans.
I worked with
long-time liberal Senator Jay Rockefeller (D-W.Va.), chairman of the
Senate Commerce Committee, to introduce the
Enhance Labeling, Accessing, and Branding of Electronic Licenses (E-Label)
Act , which passed Congress and was signed into law in
November. This bill would lower costs for producers and consumers of
electronic devices by easing certain regulatory requirements on phones,
computers and other devices. Instead of requiring costly physical
etching, my bill would allow manufacturers to meet the label requirement
digitally.
I also championed an effort to address
gaps in local television programming for rural Americans. Nearly a
third of Nebraska counties arent able to access local television and
news programming essential to staying informed about events in their
local
usually rural
communities. Thats why I introduced the
Let Our Communities Access Local
TV (LOCAL TV) Act
with Sen. Cory Booker
(D-N.J.), which called for a Federal Communications Commission (FCC) study on
how Designated Market Areas (DMAs) affect consumers access to local
programming. Language inspired by the LOCAL TV Act was included in a
broader telecommunications bill, which
passed
Congress on November 20 .
Sending
a bill to the president is no small feat; in the past two years, only
185 bills have passed Congress and actually become law. But working
with my colleagues on both sides of the aisle has proven effective, and
it builds the trust necessary for the Senate to tackle our nations
most pressing issues.
Tell a Friend
E-mail:
E-mail
Updates
Yes, please periodically send me e-mail
updates.*
*By subscribing to my
e-mail
updates, you are authorizing me to send regular e-mail updates from my
office to your e-mail account.
IN
OTHER NEWS
Fighting
Regulatory Overreach
This month, I continued to speak out
against proposed overreach by the Environmental Protection Agency and
the Army Corps of Engineers, who are attempting to expand their
jurisdiction over water throughout the United States. Their proposal would
extend federal water regulations to drainage ditches, farm ponds and even
low-lying areas that only hold water after substantial rainfall. This
would expose ag producers, municipalities and individual land owners
to costly new federal permits and fines. I discussed the implications
of this proposal on the program Cattlemen to Cattlemen. Click
HERE
to watch the clip.
The Presidents Immigration
Action
For over six years, the president has repeatedly stated
that he would not and could not address immigration except through
cooperation with Congress. Unfortunately, the
president
made an about-face
with a politically-timed announcement this
month. Sweeping executive actions that fail to enact meaningful reforms,
such as enhancing border security and implementing a biometric
entry/exit system, do little to curb illegal immigration; in fact they
encourage it. The president has previously
said
that
such executive action would be both unwise and unfair, and could lead
to a surge in more illegal immigration. I will continue to work with
my colleagues to find a responsible response to the presidents
brazen unilateral action.
An update on the
Keystone XL Pipeline
Earlier this month, the Senate
held a vote on legislation that would require the President to take
action on the Keystone XL pipeline. This effort was a thinly-veiled
political effort to help a democrat incumbent ahead of a runoff election
in December. I am disappointed that this bill failed to pass by just
one vote, but this debate is not over. I expect the Senate to hold
another vote early next year, free from the political
sideshow.
Improving Access to
Childcare
Earlier this month, I was happy to support a bipartisan bill to
provide greater access to childcare for low-income families, which passed
the Congress and now awaits the presidents signature. Hardworking
mothers and fathers depend on safe, reliable, affordable child care while
they work to earn a living. Unfortunately for low-income families,
this is not always easy to come by. This bill, the Child Care and
Development Block Grant Act of 2013, reauthorizes existing low-income child
care programs through 2020, and improves requirements related to health
and safety standards for licensed child care
providers.
IN CASE YOU MISSED
IT
Omaha World Herald:
Sen. Deb Fischers
bill eases labeling regulations for electronic
devices
The Hill:
Device
labeling bill heads to Obamas
desk
Nebraska Radio Network:
President Obama action
angers Congressional
Republicans
Beatrice Daily Sun:
A fresh
start
KTIV:
Siouxland
lawmakers respond to president's immigration
order
KCSR:
Deb Fischer Releases
Statement Regarding Delay In Negotiations With
Iran
PHOTOS OF THE MONTH
I toured the Advanced
Surgery Center in Omaha to learn more about how innovations in the
healthcare field are helping Nebraskans. Thanks to Maggie Summerfelt, the
facilitys administrator, (center) for hosting
me.
I enjoyed meeting with the 3 rd
grade
class at Wilson Focus School in Omaha. I read to the students about
creating laws and answered questions about communication in
politics.
I had a great meeting with Nebraskan Loren Duerksen of Diller
Telephone Company in Diller, Nebraska. We discussed rural broadband
issues facing Nebraska.
I attended a Pentagon ceremony recognizing the
Department of Defenses (DoD) role in the
international mission to destroy Syrias chemical weapons operation . Last
year, I introduced a bipartisan proposal allowing DoD to reprogram
resources for this important mission.
Washington
D.C. Office
383 Russell Senate
Office
Building
Washington, DC 20510
Phone: (202)
2246551
Fax: (202) 2281325
Lincoln
Office
440 North 8th Street
Suite 120
Lincoln, Nebraska
68508
Phone: (402) 4414600
Fax: (402) 4768753
Omaha Office
11819 Miracle Hills Drive
Suite
205
Omaha, Nebraska 68154
Phone: (402) 3913411
Fax:
(402) 3914725
Scottsbluff
Mailing address:
PO Box 2264
Scottsbluff, NE
69363
(308) 6366344
Please do not reply to this email. Responses sent to
this email address will not be received by a staff member of Senator
Fischer.
If you wish to contact Senator Fischers office, please use the
online form on her website by clicking
HERE
Unsubscribe
|
Update My Profile
|
Privacy
Policy
gateway mail end
