
Website
Contact Me
Issues &
Legislation
Constituent Services
Newsroom
A Weekly e-Newsletter from
Senator Johnny Isakson (R-GA)
November 21, 2014
Dear Friends,
On Thursday night, President Obama announced his proposed executive
action on immigration that will grant legal status to millions.
President Obama continues to circumvent Congress by executive order.
This is the wrong way to govern. Bottom line, any attempt to circumvent
Congress and grant legal status to millions is unacceptable. We must
stop the president from executing bad policy and will consider all
legislative and legal options
when determining the best course of action
to do so.
KeystoneXL Pipeline
The Senate finally voted on legislation this week that would
allow construction to begin on the KeystoneXL Pipeline- the number one
issue I said I would send to the president with a GOP majority. I spoke
with host Gerri Willis on FOX Business about the importance of this
commonsense bill in advance of Tuesday's vote
. Unfortunately, the measure
failed by one vote - 59 - 41. It is difficult to believe that this
job-creating legislation that was co-sponsored by a bipartisan group of
55 senators was unable to pass. It is my hope that the
Republican-controlled Senate will pass the legislation early next year.
Governor Carl Sanders
On Sunday, November 16, 2014, former Georgia Governor Carl Sanders
passed away at the age of 89. He was a great Georgian and a personal
friend of mine. Governor Sanders will be remembered for his dedication
and passion to education in our state, ensuring that every Georgian was
within a 45-minute drive of a University System of Georgia facility.
During the Civil Rights movement, Carl Sanders came forward as a
governor and worked to bring people together, through a turbulent time
to see to it that African Americans rose to equality - not just in the
way they were recognized, but in the way they were treated by the law.
In fact, it was Carl Sanders who came to Washington in 1964 to meet
with Lyndon Johnson and helped form the foundation of the Civil Rights
laws that passed later in the 1960's.
I spoke on the floor of the Senate to pay tribute to our great former
governor and you can watch my remarks online here
.
Drive Safer Sunday
As you take time out of the hustle and bustle of daily life to give
thanks next week, I hope that as you are traveling, you will remember
to drive carefully.
This week, the Senate passed a resolution that was introduced by Sen.
Chambliss, Sen. Coons, D-Del., and me, to designate Sunday, November
30, 2014, as "Drive Safer Sunday." It is designed to bring attention to
the fact that the Sunday after Thanksgiving is the busiest highway
traffic day of the year. The "Drive Safer Sunday" resolution encourages
motorists, trucking firms and law enforcement agencies to work together
to make the roads safer for all travelers during the holidays and
throughout the year
.
In Other News
I was honored to speak at the Iron Dome tribute lunch this week and
share my thoughts on the importance of keeping a strong relationship
between the United States and Israel. I also paid tribute on the Senate
floor, to legendary business and Civil Rights leader Herman J. Russell
. I was delighte
d to have the opportunity to Skype with a few Georgia schools,
including ninth graders at Bryan County High School in Pembroke and
third graders from Futral Road Elementary in Griffin. Lyndon Academy in
Woodstock also visited my office during their trip to Washington this
week. Additionally, Georgia had three judicial nominees -- Leslie Joyce
Abrams, Mark Cohen and Eleanor Ross - confirmed by the Senate on
Tuesday night.
What's on Tap?
Next week, the Senate will not be in session due to the Thanksgiving
holiday. I wish you all a safe, happy and peaceful Thanksgiving.
When the Senate returns on Monday, December 1, 2014, we are schedule to
vote on two ambassador nominations. We might also begin work on
legislation to continue funding the government after the current
continuing resolution to do so expires on December 11, 2014.
Sincerely,
Johnny Isakson
Office Locations
Washington, D.C.
131 Russell Senate Office Building
Washington, D.C. 20510
Tel: (202) 224-3643
Fax: (202) 228-0724
Georgia
One Overton Park, Suite 970
3625 Cumberland Blvd
Atlanta, GA 30339
Tel: (770) 661-0999
Fax: (770) 661-0768
You have received this e-mail because you signed up or opted into our
mailing list.
Click here to unsubscribe
.
A
Message From Senator Isakson
Website
Contact
Me
Issues
&amp; Legislation
Constituent
Services
Newsroom
A
Weekly e-Newsletter from Senator Johnny Isakson (R-GA)
November
21, 2014
Dear
Friends,
On
Thursday night, President Obama announced his proposed executive action on immigration that will grant
legal status to millions.
President
Obama continues to circumvent Congress by executive order. This is the wrong way to govern. Bottom line,
any attempt to circumvent Congress and grant legal status to millions is unacceptable. We must stop the
president from executing bad policy and
will
consider all legislative and legal options
when determining the best course of action to do
so.
KeystoneXL
Pipeline
The
Senate finally voted on legislation this week that would allow construction to begin on the KeystoneXL
Pipeline&#8211; the number one issue I said I would send to the president with a GOP majority.
I
spoke with host Gerri Willis on FOX Business about the importance of this commonsense bill in advance
of Tuesday&#8217;s vote . Unfortunately, the measure failed by one vote &#8211; 59 - 41. It
is difficult to believe that this job-creating legislation that was co-sponsored by a bipartisan group
of 55 senators was unable to pass. It is my hope that the Republican-controlled Senate will pass the
legislation early next year.
Governor
Carl Sanders
On
Sunday, November 16, 2014, former Georgia Governor Carl Sanders passed away at the age of 89. He was
a great Georgian and a personal friend of mine. Governor Sanders will be remembered for his dedication
and passion to education in our state, ensuring that every Georgian was within a 45-minute drive of a
University System of Georgia facility.
During
the Civil Rights movement, Carl Sanders came forward as a governor and worked to bring people together,
through a turbulent time to see to it that African Americans rose to equality &#8211; not just in the
way they were recognized, but in the way they were treated by the law. In fact, it was Carl Sanders who
came to Washington in 1964 to meet with Lyndon Johnson and helped form the foundation of the Civil Rights
laws that passed later in the 1960&#8217;s.
I
spoke on the floor of the Senate to pay tribute to our great former governor and you can
watch
my remarks online here .
Drive
Safer Sunday
As
you take time out of the hustle and bustle of daily life to give thanks next week, I hope that as you
are traveling, you will remember to drive carefully.
This
week, the Senate passed a resolution that was introduced by Sen. Chambliss, Sen. Coons, D-Del., and me,
to designate Sunday, November 30, 2014, as &#8220;Drive Safer Sunday.&#8221; It is designed to bring
attention to the fact that the Sunday after Thanksgiving is the busiest highway traffic day of the year.
The
&#8220;Drive Safer Sunday&#8221; resolution encourages motorists, trucking firms and law enforcement
agencies to work together to make the roads safer for all travelers during the holidays and throughout
the year .
In
Other News
I
was honored to speak at the Iron Dome tribute lunch this week and share my thoughts on the importance
of keeping a strong relationship between the United States and Israel.
I
also paid tribute on the Senate floor, to legendary business and Civil Rights leader Herman J. Russell .
I was delighte d
to have the opportunity to Skype with a few Georgia schools, including ninth graders at Bryan County
High School in Pembroke and third graders from Futral Road Elementary in Griffin. Lyndon Academy in Woodstock
also visited my office during their trip to Washington this week. Additionally, Georgia had three judicial
nominees -- Leslie Joyce Abrams, Mark Cohen and Eleanor Ross &#8211; confirmed by the Senate on Tuesday
night.
What&#8217;s
on Tap?
Next
week, the Senate will not be in session due to the Thanksgiving holiday. I wish you all a safe, happy
and peaceful Thanksgiving.
When
the Senate returns on Monday, December 1, 2014, we are schedule to vote on two ambassador nominations.
We might also begin work on legislation to continue funding the government after the current continuing
resolution to do so expires on December 11, 2014.
Sincerely,
Johnny
Isakson
Office
Locations
Washington,
D.C.
131 Russell Senate Office Building Washington, D.C. 20510 Tel: (202) 224-3643 Fax:
(202) 228-0724
Georgia
One Overton Park, Suite 970 3625 Cumberland Blvd Atlanta, GA 30339 Tel: (770) 661-0999 Fax:
(770) 661-0768
You
have received this e-mail because you signed up or opted into our mailing list.
Click here to
unsubscribe .
