DOCTYPE html
November 2, 2014
Congressman McHenry Weekly Update
Great Day in Gaston County
This past Tuesday, I spent the day traveling around Gaston County.
In the morning I visited Grier Middle School in Gastonia.
This was a special visit for me personally as I attended Grier for seventh grade.
During the visit I met with students and faculty and also addressed a seventh grade world history class.
Following my visit to Grier Middle School, I headed over to Belmont for a tour of Chronicle Mill.
Chronicle Mill was the first textile mill in Belmont, originally built in 1901.
Chronicle Mill is currently undergoing renovations and being repurposed as a commercial and residential development.
During my visit, I toured the facility and received an update on the progress of renovations.
For more photos from my visits in Gaston County, be sure to
like my Facebook page
and
follow me on Instagram
and
Twitter .
Busy Few Days in Catawba County
On Wednesday and Thursday of this week I spent the day in Catawba County for a variety of meetings at my Hickory District Office and also a couple tours of local businesses in the area.
The first stop was at Sorenson Communication's Interpretation Call Center in Hickory.
Sorenson Communication's provides interpretation services to folks that are deaf or hard of hearing.
During my visit, I had the opportunity to test out their program and see firsthand how they serve customers.
Then on Thursday, I started my day by touring Concept Frames in Newton.
Concept Frames has occupied the same location in Newton since 1993 for their production facility.
They fabricate metal frames and doors.
During the visit, I toured Concept Frames' manufacturing facility and learned the process producing these high-quality frames and doors.
For more pictures and information from my visits around Catawba County, visit my
Facebook ,
Twitter , and
Instagram
pages.
Your Opinion on Ebola Related Travel Restrictions
This week has brought continued focus on the question of what should be done about monitoring those returning from countries impacted by the Ebola epidemic in West Africa.
A couple weeks ago , I used this space for a poll asking your opinion of how those returning from West Africa should be handled.
Below you can see the results which showed a vast majority of respondents supporting strict travel restrictions to West Africa.
I would like to thank all who participated in this poll.
Knowing the views of my constituents is of the utmost importance for me to properly represent the 10th District and I greatly appreciate all who took the time to share their opinion.
What I Have Been Reading
Charles Peeler to receive his brother's WWII medals after 69 years
The Shelby Star
This coming week, I have the great honor of presenting Shelby's Charles Peeler with the medals his brother Franklin earned over 69 years ago as he gave his life defending our freedom during World War II.
Read the story above to learn more about Franklin Peeler's service to our nation and his long-overdue recognition.
'OMG. You're So Much More Than Awesome'
The New York Times
I thoroughly enjoyed this feature on San Francisco Giants pitcher Madison Bumgarner who this week was named World Series Most Valuable Player after leading the Giants to a Game 7 victory.
Prior to redistricting in 2012, I had the pleasure of representing Bumgarner's hometown of Hudson and this column highlights his deep ties to Western North Carolina and a father's pride at seeing his son obtain his ultimate achievement.
Asheville named a best city by National Geographic
The Asheville Citizen-Times
Tremendous recognition for Asheville as it will be featured in a new book from National Geographic Travel recognizing the World's Best Cities.
The book recognized Asheville for its beautiful scenery and excellent cuisine.
The book titled
World's Best Cities: Celebrating 220 Great Destinations
goes on sale this week.
WASHINGTON, D.C. OFFICE
2334 Rayburn HOB
Washington, D.C. 20515
Telephone: 202.225.2576
Fax: 202.225.0316
HICKORY DISTRICT OFFICE
87 4th St. NW, Ste A, PO Box 1830
Hickory, NC 28603
Telephone: 828.327.6100
Toll-Free in NC: 800.477.2576
Fax: 828.327.8311
GASTONIA DISTRICT OFFICE
Suite 115
Gaston Co. Administrative Bldg
128 West Main Avenue
Gastonia, NC 28053
Telephone: 704.833.0096
BLACK MTN. DISTRICT OFFICE
160 Midland Avenue
Black Mountain, NC 28711
Telephone: 828.669.0600
Click Here Click Here