
President Obama could make history as soon as tomorrow with an executive action that will provide relief from deportation for up to 5 million immigrants!
Friend -- President Obama could make history tomorrow with an executive action that will provide relief from deportation for up to 5 million immigrants!
Democratic leadership is in full support of this plan that would keep immigrant families from being broken apart and protect young kids who only know life in the United States of America.
But Republicans have expressed across-the-board opposition. Some have even threatened to IMPEACH the President
-- or shut down the government again! We need to show President Obama that the Democratic base has his back.
Will you add your name? Tell the President you support immigration relief for millions of families. Can we get 100,000 Democrats to show their support?
Your Action History
Last Petition Signed:
N/A
Support Immigration Relief:
Signature Pending &gt;&gt;
We&rsquo;re working for a more humane America for all who live and work here.
Thank you for standing with us.
DSCC Breaking News
Democratic Senatorial Campaign Committee
P.O. Box 96047
Washington, DC 20090
Paid for by the Democratic Senatorial Campaign Committee, dscc.org,
and not authorized by any candidate or candidate&#39;s committee.
The DSCC is the only organization solely dedicated to supporting Democrats in the U.S. Senate. This message was sent to dj724530@gmail.com because you are a part of the DSCC&rsquo;s grassroots network. Please add us to your address book or approved senders list to make sure you keep receiving DSCC updates.
Emails are a critical way for us to stay in touch with our grassroots supporters. 99% of the DSCC&rsquo;s contributions come from grassroots donors giving less than $200. We also strive to keep you updated on issues related to the Democratic Party&rsquo;s values.
If you&rsquo;d like to stop receiving emails related to this campaign, please
click here .
If you&#39;d like to make a contribution to support us, please
click here . We are already beginning to prepare for the fight ahead &ndash; reclaiming the majority in 2016. It will take every single grassroots supporter, but we know it&rsquo;s possible with your help. If you&rsquo;d like to stop receiving all emails from the DSCC, please
unsubscribe . We greatly appreciate your continued support.
Contributions or gifts to the DSCC are not tax deductible.
