
District Update | November 28, 2014
Click here
if you have trouble viewing this email
Chehalis Basin flood plan to protect families and fish gains Governors support
This week, the Chehalis Basin Work Group earned an important endorsement from Governor Inslee for its citizen-driven plan to protect the Basin from catastrophic flooding, as well as important fish habitat.
The rain and storms that come each November serve as reminders of the flood disaster that hit Lewis County communities in 2007, and can strike again unless we advance a plan to protect this region from catastrophic flooding.
Read more about this important announcement here.
Residents deserve process for Cowlitz Casino
Earlier this week, I sent a letter to U.S. Department of Interior Secretary Sally Jewell questioning the Departments notice to take into trust 152 acres in Clark County, Washington, for the Cowlitz Tribe. The unexpected move - announced late last month - came while several Southwest Washington stakeholders that include Clark County, the City of Vancouver, and individual citizens were awaiting a courts ruling on their legal challenge to the proposal.
The Departments confusing decision to bypass the legal process raised more questions than answers.
Click here to read my letter.
Keeping the new Wahkiakum County ferry on track
The Columbia River ferry from Puget Island provides a critical link for Southwest Washington residents.
It runs at least 18 ferries a day, 365 days a year, and is one of the only alternate routes to U.S. Highway 30 and the Astoria bridge.
I was glad to join with Senator Murray to help Wahkiakum County receive the necessary permit to finish the berth and channel improvements for its new Columbia River ferry.
The announcement of the dredging permit came just in time to ensure the folks of Wahkiakum County wont lose this vital transportation route.
Click here to read more.
Development grants for rural communities
I am committed to finding a solution for towns like Vader, Toledo, and Pe Ell that were deemed too affluent by the U.S. Department Housing and Urban Development (HUD) to receive Community Development Block Grants. We need HUD to address the American Community Surveys flawed data that is painting inaccurate portraits of the economic difficulties these communities face.
Anyone who has been to Vader, Toledo, and Pe Ell know that these resource-strapped communities are exactly why the Community Development Block Grant program exists.
Read about my invitation to the U.S. Housing chief to visit these communities and join me in addressing this critical challenge.
TOP NEWS
COLUMBIAN:
Herrera Beutler questions feds' actions on Cowlitz casino
READ MORE HERE
CHRONICLE : Congresswoman Asks HUD Secretary to Address Community Grant
READ MORE HERE
COLUMBIAN:
Herrera Beutler follows party line in criticizing executive action
READ MORE HERE
WAHKIAKUM EAGLE:
Permit issued for ferry dredging
READ MORE HERE
Resident Spotlight
Donna, a disabled Brush Prairie resident, tried for nearly a year to obtain the Federal Employee Retirement System benefits she had earned. She contacted the Office of Personnel Management (OPM) many times and even hired legal representation, but never received a response. Thats when Donna reached out to me for assistance.
After my office contacted OPM, Donnas case was quickly addressed and she was able to receive the benefits she was entitled to as well as back pay for the last year.
Are you having an issue with a federal agency? My office is here to help! Please contact us at
(360) 695-6292 or by visiting
JHB.House.Gov .
Small Business Saturday
There are many reasons to "Think Small" this Saturday and visit a small business in your neighborhood.
FACT:
In the United States, small businesses have created more than 65 percent of the new jobs in the last 40 years.
Part of what fosters the community atmosphere in Southwest Washington is that we know were helping our neighbors and friends when we frequent local shops.
This Saturday, I encourage you to show your support for small businesses throughout our region!
Forward to a Friend
|
Share on Facebook
|
Share on Twitter
|
Permalink
Washington, DC Office
1130 Longworth HOB
Washington, DC 20515
Phone: (202) 225-3536
Fax: (202) 225-3478
Vancouver Office
O.O. Howard House (Officers' Row)
750 Anderson Street, Suite B
Vancouver, WA 98661
Phone: (360) 695-6292
Fax: (360) 695-6197
UPDATE SUBSCRIPTION OPTIONS
|
PRIVACY POLICY
|
CONTACT US
Click Here Click Here