
NOV
8
A Special Message from Senator Ayotte
Dear Friends,
Next week, the Senate will be back in session starting on Wednesday.
There is considerable work to be done before the end of the year - including the annual defense bill that includes many important priorities for New Hampshire, and extending the current ban on Internet access taxes.
With the current government funding bill set to expire on December 11, Congress will also need to agree on new legislation to fund the government.
Congress is also expected to have a full debate on the president's strategy to combat ISIS in Iraq and Syria.
It's my hope that with new leadership in the Senate next year, members on both sides of the aisle will put politics aside and get to work on the many issues facing our nation - including creating a better tax and regulatory climate so that businesses in New Hampshire and across our country can grow and create jobs. I'll continue to work with Republicans and Democrats on priorities that are important to Granite Staters.
Going forward, I'm also hopeful that the Senate will be restored to a place that is accountable to voters, where
members of both parties are allowed to offer, debate and vote on legislation on behalf of their constituents.
As Veterans Day approaches, New Hampshire citizens will gather at tributes across the state to reflect on the courageous service of the brave men and women who have put their lives on the line to protect our country.
In Salem yesterday, I joined New Hampshire veterans, as well as faculty and students for the Woodbury School's annual Veterans Day program, where students shared their heartfelt reflections about what Veterans Day means to them.
Over the next few days, I'm honored to be taking part in Veterans Day events in Plaistow, Nashua, and Whitefield - and the annual Veterans Day observance at the New Hampshire State Veterans Cemetery in Boscawen.
We're so fortunate to live in the greatest country on Earth.
And America's greatness has endured because of the generations of exceptional citizens - including so many New Hampshire sons and daughters - who have stepped up to defend our nation.
It's because of them that we continue to enjoy the blessings of freedom today, and we must never forget the sacrifices of our military men and women - nor the sacrifices of their loved ones - in answering the call of duty.
Let's also keep in our hearts and minds America's future veterans - the soldiers, sailors, marines, and airmen who are currently deployed around the world - including New Hampshire National Guardsmen and women who are serving far from home.
We pray for them and their families, and we look forward to their safe return.
Here in New Hampshire, we are proud of our commitment to honor our veterans not just on Veterans Day - but every day.
Let's renew that promise and say thank you to the brave men and women who have served and sacrificed so much for our nation.
In Salem on Friday at the Woodbury School's special Veteran's Day program.
With Korean War veteran, Leigh Smith (right), and his wife Jean (left).
Was honored to help present World War II veteran Joseph Quartarone with medals in recognition of his service.
CLICK HERE TO SHARE THIS NEWSLETTER
Warm Regards,
Kelly Ayotte
United States Senator
Email Kelly
Manchester Office
1200 Elm Street, Suite 2
Manchester, NH 03101 Phone:
603-622-7979
Nashua Office
144 Main Street
Nashua, NH 03060 Phone:
603-880-3335
North Country Office 19 Pleasant Street, Suite 13B
Berlin, NH 03570 Phone:
603-752-7702 Fax:
603-752-7704
Portsmouth Office
14 Manchester Square, Ste 140
Portsmouth, NH 03801 Phone:
603-436-7161
Washington, DC
144 Russell Senate Office Building
Washington, DC 20510
Phone:
202-224-3324
Email Kelly
|
ayotte.senate.gov
|
Unsubscribe
