
If you are having
trouble viewing this message or would like to share it on a social
network, you can
view the
message online .
About Lynn
|
Constituent Services
|
Issues
|
Media
Center
|
Legislative Center
|
Georgia's Third District
|
Contact Me
December 07, 2014
House Votes to Prevent Executive
Overreach on
Immigration
Thursday, the U.S. House of Representatives passed H.R. 5759,
the Preventing Executive Overreach on Immigration Act. The bill
prohibits the executive branch, specifically President Obama, from
exempting or deferring the deportation of unlawful aliens. I strongly
supported this bill.
The American people
are outraged at the Presidents blatant disregard for the legislative
process by using Executive Order to delay deportation of illegal
aliens. The House has chosen to act and prohibit the president acting alone
on immigration so that Congress can do its job and find a solution
for all Americans. Both sides of the aisle agree reform is needed,
however, the president is squandering the opportunity for the democratic
process to work. We need to be focusing on closing the border and
improving workers permits, not allow those who entered illegally a free pass
to stay longer. This executive order is another overreach by the
president that will not be tolerated by Congress or the people of the
United States.
Share on
Facebook
Share on
Twitter
Capitol Corner: New EPA Regulations
Threaten Manufacturing and Power
Plants
Made in America: its something our nation is proud to stamp onto
our produced goods. However, with the Obama Administration and
Environmental Protection Agencys (EPA) newest regulation proposals, that
tagline might become too costly for our manufacturers and
plants.
In the presidents latest climate
change push, the National Association of Manufacturers (NAM) said these
new set of regulations targeting air quality could be the most
expensive ever. The proposed regulation would attempt to limit
smog-creating ozone pollution to a range of 60 to 70 parts per billion after 2020
from power plants and factories: both of which are abundant in
Georgia and provide invaluable jobs in a recovering economy. Our nations
current range, set by President George W. Bush, sits at 75 parts per
billion. Back in July, NAM estimated that implementing a strict version
of the rule could kill off $3.4 trillion in economic output and 2.9
million jobs by 2040. A high price to pay for small
change.
Such low emissions requirements mean many
of our nations plants are out of compliance, and can force
manufacturers to stop production while they search for money and ways to avoid
fines. The compliance to such strict rules also drives up energy costs
for all Americans. In addition to other EPA air regulations proposed,
Georgians alone are looking at a 15-20% increase in electricity costs-
a huge threat to households when every penny is still incredibly
valuable. While President Obama seems to be seeking the approval of
special interest groups over these past few months, at what cost does he
draw the line to protect American jobs, energy production, and
manufacturers?
Share on
Facebook
Share on Twitter
Join the
Conversation
Tell a
Friend
E-mail:
In Other
News
Roll Call: Benghazi
Committee to Hold Second Public Hearing Dec.
10
True to his word, Rep. Trey Gowdy will convene a public hearing of the
Select Committee on Benghazi before the years end...
Peach Pundit: Georgia To Join Lawsuit Over
President Obamas Immigration Order
Georgia will be
joining a group of 17 other states in suing President Obama over his
recent decision to block deportations for up to 5 million illegal
immigrants living in the United States...
Fox News: Obama picks former Pentagon official Ashton Carter to
be Defense secretary
President Obama has picked
former Pentagon official Ashton Carter to be his next secretary of
Defense, a White House official confirmed...
Bloomberg: Oil Drop Gives U.S. Drillers Argument to End
Export Ban
Collapsing crude prices have given oil
producers a new argument for ending a 39-year-old U.S. ban on exports.
With U.S. output at a 31-year high and imports at the lowest level since
1995, producers seeking the best possible price for crude are
straining at having to keep sales at home
WASHINGTON, DC OFFICE 2433 Rayburn House Office
Bldg Washington, DC 20515 Phone (202) 225-5901 Fax (202) 225-2515
THIRD DISTRICT OFFICE
1601-B East Highway 34 Newnan, Georgia
30265 Phone (770) 683-2033 Fax (770) 683-2042
Unsubscribe
|
Update My Profile
|
Privacy Policy
