
Congressman
Beto O'Rourke
October 30, 2014
Three quick updates for you: a fact-finding trip to Lubbock; a Homeland Security hearing on Ebola; and the Network Integration Evaluation exercises taking place at Fort Bliss.
On the road to Lubbock last week
"It's about Leadership and Focusing on Taking Care of Veterans."
That's what it took to bring the VA, the veterans community and Texas Tech together to develop what some are calling a VA "Super Clinic" in Lubbock, according to Lieutenant General (Ret.) Bernard Mittemeyer.
Its also why I drove six hours last week to join Gen. Mittemeyer, the Amarillo VA director and the leadership of Texas Tech in Lubbock to find out what we could learn from that communitys response to access issues at their VA.
After four years of planning, organizing and pushing those in power to do the right thing, it looks like the Lubbock VA will get a new facility with more than twice the space of their current clinic. It will include new specialists and a new location right next to Texas Tech Health Sciences Center. Tech will get an amazing opportunity to provide world class healthcare and learning opportunities for faculty and residents. And Lubbock veterans will have access to the care they deserve without driving two hours away to Amarillo. There are some final details to work out before they break ground, but this looks like a good deal for all concerned.
Could this be a model for El Paso? Could the El Paso VA partner with Tech for a new medical center, bring new specialties into the mix, recruit new providers by offering the opportunity to practice at the VA and teach at Tech? Could UTEP also be a key partner, offering additional providers and teaching opportunities in disciplines like psychology? How could the Medical Center of the Americas, University Medical Center and other area hospitals complement the services already provided by the VA and William Beaumont?
We will be exploring these opportunities, meeting with these potential partners and trying to formulate an arrangement that will provide world class care and access for El Paso's veterans.
As a side note, we also took some time to meet with young El Pasoans in undergraduate and graduate programs at Texas Tech
an exceptionally bright, motivated and hardworking group of young men and women.
Most of them want to eventually move back to El Paso
a very good sign for this community and our efforts to attract and retain talent
so keep an eye out for them.
Getting the Facts on Ebola
Earlier this month I traveled to Dallas to take part in a Homeland Security Committee field hearing to learn how the federal government is responding to the spread of Ebola and what we are doing at airports and land ports to protect our communities. We heard that screening procedures at all ports are being intensified and that capacity to quarantine and track potentially infected travelers is being increased. I received specific assurance that the CBP officers at our ports of entry in El Paso are receiving the necessary training to protect this community as they process more than 23 million crossings a year.
We also learned how the Centers for Disease Control (CDC) is working with the Department of Defense (DoD) to help
ensure that the 3,000 service members
almost 500 of whom come from Fort Bliss
will be safe when they are in West Africa helping to improve the infrastructure and treatment capacity in the region.
While I am concerned about initial missteps in the coordination of the governments response, I was encouraged by the stepped up screening and containment measures that continue to be refined as we get more information about what is most effective.
Ive also been in touch with El Paso hospitals to make sure they are prepared and have offered my assistance to coordinate any additional resources from CDC.
What Sets Fort Bliss Apart
Last week I joined Brigadier General John Charlton for the Network Integration Evaluation (NIE) exercises at Fort Bliss.These twice-yearly series of exercises test prototypes of new technology for the entire Army.
Battlefield-critical technologies such as mapping, messaging, and radio systems are stress tested in combat simulations.
Soldiers can make recommendations on what changes they would like to see to the equipment. Well-reviewed equipment can then be placed on a fast track order system to be distributed throughout the Army.
It was a chance for me to meet the men and women who ensure we have the most effective military in the world and to see first hand why Fort Bliss is the premier military installation in the country.
At Fort Bliss reviewing the Network Integration Evaluation
I explain the votes I take and the legislation Im working on at:
http://facebook.com/BetoORourkeTX16 . This is also a forum for you to comment on the work I am doing and suggest ways that we can do a better job. I look forward to hearing from you.
Sincerely,
Beto O'Rourke
Member of Congress
[if gte mso 6]>
<![endif]
unsubscribe
