
Can't see the pictures? Select "Always display images" or
view this message in your browser .
December 4, 2014
District Office Open House &ndash; DECEMBER 6
On Saturday, December 6th from 12:00 &ndash; 2:00 p.m., Rep. Ed Perlmutter will host his annual open house at his district office located in Lakewood. The event is an opportunity to meet with constituents and discuss the services and resources available.
Rep. Perlmutter will be on hand during the event along with his district staff.
The event will take place at Rep. Perlmutter&rsquo;s district office located at 12600 West Colfax Avenue, Suite B-400 in Lakewood.
If you are interested in attending, please RSVP by calling (303) 274-7944 or visit
www.perlmutter.house.gov .
Local Business Tour Highlights Locally-Owned Small Businesses for Holiday Shopping
On November 25, 2014, Rep. Perlmutter toured several local small businesses in Olde Town Arvada to promote Small Business Saturday and the importance of shopping at locally-owned small businesses during the holiday season and throughout the year.
The tour started at Paws&rsquo;N&rsquo;Play, which specializes in healthy foods, treats, supplements, supplies, and gifts for pets and their owners.
The tour continued at Lovely Boutique, a women&rsquo;s clothing and accessory boutique and Eli Ashby Healing Arts Center, an innovative and alternative health practice, ending at Into the Fire, a paint-your-own pottery studio.
Rep. Perlmutter was joined by several representatives from the Small Business Administration during the tour.
As a long-time advocate for small businesses, Rep. Perlmutter has been involved in the JOBS Act, crowdfunding and the Export-Import Bank which helps small businesses export products to overseas markets.
Economic Update
Colorado&rsquo;s
unemployment rate dropped to 4.3 percent
in October, reaching its lowest point since March 2008 and marking 36 consecutive months of job gains.
This time last year, several counties in Colorado were reporting rates of 7 to 10 percent. The largest private sector gains were in construction and manufacturing.
Colorado&rsquo;s unemployment rate is the ninth lowest in the nation.
Senior Resource Fair a Success
More than 100 people attended the first-ever Senior Resource Fair on November 21st.
The goal of the event was to provide information about the Medicare Part D enrollment program and other resources to seniors in the 7th Congressional District.
Representatives were on hand from Jefferson and Adams County Health and Human Services, Centura Health LINKS, Metro Community Provider Network, Social Security, Colorado VNA Hospice and Palliative Care, Aging Well Project, GSA&rsquo;s Wellness Team, Meals on Wheels, Audio Information Network, Metro Community Provider Network, Hunger Free Colorado and many others.
In total more than 20 organizations participated in the event and helped provide valuable information for seniors, family members and caregivers on a range of senior care issues.
Several &ldquo;Ignite Sessions&rdquo; were also offered on specific issue areas, such as warning signs of scams, how to detect a stroke, blood pressure check and top ten signs of Alzheimer&rsquo;s.
The Senior Resource Fair, held at Rep. Perlmutter&rsquo;s district office, was created after listening to constituents&rsquo; needs and in response to the aging demographic in the district.
Connect With Me
Facebook
Twitter
YouTube
Congressman Ed Perlmutter
Unsubscribe
Washington DC Office
1410 Longworth House Office
Building
Washington, DC 20515
Phone: 202.225.2645
Fax: 202.225.5278
District Office
12600 West Colfax Avenue, Suite
B-400
Lakewood, CO 80215
Phone: 303.274.7944
Fax: 303.274.6455
Please do not reply to this email.
To contact me, please
click here
and let me know your thoughts on how I can better represent your beliefs and values in our nation's Capitol.
