
E-news Sign-up
Tuesday November 11, 2014
WEBSITE
|
FORWARD TO A FRIEND
| SHARE ON:
Veterans Day Message
"To us in America, the reflections of Armistice Day will be filled with solemn pride in the heroism of those who died in the countrys service and with gratitude for the victory, both because of the thing from which it has freed us and because of the opportunity it has given America to show her sympathy with peace and justice in the councils of the nations" - President Woodrow Wilson, November 11, 1919
Now, dozens of wars and nearly a century later, we recognize November 11th as Veterans Day. On this day we should take time to acknowledge and show our respect for the countless men and women in uniform who have sacrificed for our freedom. From the trenches of Germany, to the murky waters of Vietnam and all the way to the sand dunes of Iraq, millions of Americans have given up time with their loved ones, suffered life-altering wounds, and for some, even their lives
all so we can live in the greatest nation in the world.
I believe that Congress has an unyielding responsibility to those who have braved the front lines by ensuring they have access to things they need most, from keeping our commissaries open to continuing to ensure they receive exceptional care within our Veterans Administration hospitals.
In May, after learning the news of the disgraceful events taking place in our veterans facilities and how our war heroes were being treated, I immediately took action to see that this horrific wrong was righted.
I called for the immediate resignation of Veterans Affairs Secretary Eric Shinseki. I also hosted veterans forums in Biloxi and Hattiesburg over the summer to gain a
better understanding of the concerns and needs of the Gulf Coast veteran community. Over 200 veterans came out to share their stories regarding mistreatment within the veterans affairs healthcare system.
My grandfather was a World War II veteran who I always looked to with the utmost honor and dignity. I believe every veteran should be seen in that same light, and treated with the respect they have earned. As a United States Marine veteran of the Persian Gulf War and a current member of the Mississippi Army National Guard, I remain committed to making sure that our veterans receive the quality care and services they need and deserve.
Not only should we be thankful to those who serve overseas, but also to the family members of our servicemen and women who make sacrifices as well. It takes a special and selfless family to make it through holidays in the absence of their loved ones, move countless times to installations around the world, and handle the stress of everyday life on top of worrying about the well-being of their family member serving overseas. To those families, we thank you for your sacrifice.
Anyone who wears a uniform for our country deserves respect that well surpasses just one day of recognition. To all of the men and women who are currently and have served our country, thank you.
God bless our veterans, their families, and God bless the United States of America.
In Your Service,
Steven M. Palazzo
Member of Congress
NOTE: Please DO NOT respond to this email as this inbox is unattended. To contact my office please
click here
UNSUBSCRIBE
|
PRIVACY POLICY
|
CONTACT US
Click Here Click Here