
If you are having trouble viewing this message or would like to share
it on a social network, you can
view the message online .
Website
About David
Contact
Serving
You
Media
Center
Legislative Work
District
November 14, 2014
More Jobs, Energy Security
for the Future
Today the House voted to
immediately authorize construction of the Keystone XL pipeline, which has been
delayed and studied time and again for the last six years.
Construction of the pipeline will create tens of thousands of construction jobs
and will help make America more energy secure.
For more
than six years, the Obama Administration has reviewed the Keystone
Pipeline and issued delay after delay.
While President
Obama has been waiting to make a decision, thousands of Americans are
waiting for a paycheck . This project will put construction workers
back to work, boost American manufacturing, and reduce our dependence on
oil from unstable regions like the Middle East.
The Keystone Pipeline has drawn support from a
number of labor unions and is supported by an overwhelming majority of
Americans.
A 2013 study from the State Department determined the
project will not have a significant impact on the
environment.
The House has now voted nine times since 2011 to move forward with
the Keystone
Pipeline.
An Unfair Deal
Last week,
President Obama announced an agreement with China to address
climate change by reducing carbon emissions.
This agreement is just
another way the President has shown that he isnt listening to the
American people. By entering this agreement, which he knows will never be
ratified by the Senate, the President continues to circumvent Congress
and act alone, issuing regulations and directives that will cost jobs,
increase electricity costs, and put our economy at
risk.
Weve seen what happened in previous climate agreements like Kyoto,
Copenhagen, and Doha
China doesnt live up to its end of the bargain.
This latest agreement offers specific carbon reductions for America to
hit before 2025 and a vague agreement for China to slow down its carbon
emissions after 2030 without a specific requirement to reduce them.
This is a recipe for economic disaster that will make America less
competitive and cost jobs.
America plays by the rules
and will have to live up to our end of the deal
causing hardship for
American workers and consumers in the process. Whats to guarantee
China will hold up their end of the bargain? Chinas record on trade,
currency manipulation, and cyber theft dont exactly lead me to believe
they will play by the rules. What are the repercussions if China does
not fulfill its obligations?
Agreeing to a
one-sided deal that will cost American jobs is not good for our
country.
We should not put our economy at risk for the sake of the
Presidents ideology, which is not supported by
Congress.
Working through the Lame
Duck
With the 2014 Election over, you have probably heard the
term lame duck session on television or read about it in the
newspaper.
Well, what exactly is a lame duck session? Simply put, a
lame duck session of Congress occurs in the time between an election
and when the next Congressional term begins.
This
years lame duck session started on November 12th and will run until
December 11 th .
The House is poised to use this time to
fund the government for the remainder of the year, approve the Keystone
XL pipeline, and consider tax relief
bills.
Honoring World Pancreatic Cancer
Day
Thursday, November 13 th , marked
the
first ever World Pancreatic Cancer Day . Pancreatic cancer has one
of the lowest survival rates of any cancer, and World Pancreatic
Cancer Day marks a chance to bring about awareness and honor those who have
been affected by this disease. In honor of World Pancreatic Cancer
Day, members of my staff wore purple in an effort to help raise
awareness.
With around 280,000 new
cases of pancreatic cancer diagnosed each year , with 1,000 in West
Virginia alone, this disease needs the attention of the public, medical
community, and government. Little is really known on the causes of
pancreatic cancer, but knowing the symptoms and being aware of your risk
is a start.
Constituent
Meetings
So far this year I have had more than 230
meetings across the district. This week Congress returned to Washington
to start planning for next year.
If
you are ever in the Washington D.C. office please drop in and say
hello. If you want an appointment just give my office a call at
202-225-4172, or submit a request on my website at
www.mckinley.house.gov .
What do you think? Do you support the
construction of the Keystone Pipeline? Yes No Other/Don't
Know *By
answering this survey, you are subscribing to my newsletter. If you are having trouble, click here. Share on
Facebook Share on LinkedIn Share on Twitter Survey Results What do you think should be the top priority for the next
Congress? Answer Total Jobs 25.09% Healthcare 20.49% National Debt 24.62% Terror Threats 14.37% Education
7.66% Other
7.77%
Washington,
DC
412 Cannon HOB |
Washington, DC 20515
Phone:
(202) 225-4172 |
Fax: (202) 225-7564
Morgantown
709 Beechurst Ave.
Suite 14B
Morgantown, WV
26505
Phone: 304.284.8506
Wheeling
Horne Building
1100
Main Street, Suite 101
Wheeling, WV 26003
Phone: (304)
232-3801
Fax: 304-232-3813
Parkersburg
Federal Building
425
Juliana Street
Suite 1004
Parkersburg, WV 26101
Phone: (304)
422-5972
Unsubscribe
|
Update My Profile
|
Privacy Policy
gateway
mail end 