Copyright (c) 1996-2014 Constant Contact. All rights reserved.
Except as permitted under a separate
written agreement with Constant Contact, neither the Constant Contact software, nor any content that appears on any Constant Contact site,
including but not limited to, web pages, newsletters, or templates may be reproduced, republished, repurposed, or distributed without the
prior written permission of Constant Contact.
For inquiries regarding reproduction or distribution of any Constant Contact material, please
contact legal@constantcontact.com.
Mike Kelly's Weekly E-Newsletter
December 6, 2014
Follow me on Twitter!
Visit my YouTube page!
Click here to subscribe to my weekly
E-newsletter
My Offices
ERIE DISTRICT OFFICE 208 E. Bayfront Parkway Suite 102 Erie, PA 16507 Phone: (814) 454-8190 Fax: (814) 454-8197
BUTLER DISTRICT OFFICE
101 East Diamond St Suite 218 Butler, PA
16001 Phone: (724) 282-2557
Fax: (724) 282-3682
SHARON DISTRICT OFFICE
33 Chestnut Street Sharon, PA
16146 Phone: (724) 342-7170 Fax: (724) 342-7242
WASHINGTON, DC OFFICE
1519 Longworth HOB Washington, DC 20515 Phone: (202) 225-5406 Fax: (202) 225-3103
CRAWFORD COUNTY OFFICE Every Wednesday 9:00 a.m. - 4:00 p.m. 908 Diamond Park Meadville, PA 16335
ARMSTRONG COUNTY OFFICE
Every Thursday 9:00 a.m. - 4:00 p.m. 300 South McKean Street Kittanning, PA 16201
LAWRENCE COUNTY
Every Friday 9:00 a.m. - 4: 00 p.m. Lawrence County Courthouse 430 Court Street New Castle, PA
16101
Dear Friend,
I hope you had a wonderful Thanksgiving with your loved ones and friends and are enjoying a happy start to the Christmas season!
This was certainly a very eventful week in our nation's capital. Among many important provisions passed by my colleagues and me in the House of Representatives, I was particularly honored to co-sponsor the
Achieving a Better Life Experience
Act, also known as
the ABLE Act .
American
families currently enjoy tax incentives to save for significant future
expenses such as college, retirement, and other life events. People with
severe disabilities face significant challenges of their own, but they do
not have an equivalent savings instrument to save for their future.
The
ABLE Act
aims to provide families of a
severely disabled child with some peace of mind by allowing them to save
for their child's long-term disability expenses in the same way that
families of able-bodied children can currently save for college through
popular 529 investment plans.
The
ABLE Act
empowers disabled individuals
and their families to save their own money in a 529A (or ABLE) account to
maintain health and independence with a goal of allowing those individuals
to transition away from government assistance and benefits.
ABLE
Accounts would be a savings vehicle for disability-related expenses that
will supplement, but not supplant, benefits provided through private
insurances, the Medicaid program, the supplemental security income
program, the beneficiary's employment, and other sources.
529A accounts would be administered on a voluntary basis by the States in a similar manner as 529 college savings accounts. Families would have a choice of investment options. As with 529 college savings accounts, the range of investment options available for ABLE accounts would be determined by the States. The House passed the ABLE Act by an astounding bipartisan vote of 404-17, serving as proof that with the right goals and principles leading the way, Congress can still get necessary work done for the American people. In the same vein, the House also voted to pass --
with unanimous support
--
H.R. 5739, the No Social Security for Nazis Act. Simply put, the bill protects taxpayer dollars from ever being used to fund Social Security benefits for Nazi war criminals. Furthermore, it requires the Attorney General to certify the termination of these severely abused payments to my colleagues and me on the House Ways & Means Committee. I was very proud to co-sponsor this commonsense piece of legislation as well. Also this week, the
House passed
H.R. 5759 ,
the Preventing Executive Overreach on Immigration Act , by a vote of 219-197. The measure prohibits the executive branch from exempting from removal or deferring removal of categories of aliens who are unlawfully present in the U.S. -- whether by executive order, regulation, or any other means. The bill prohibits the executive branch from treating such aliens as if they were lawfully present or had a lawful immigration status, or granting them work authorization.
Finally, the House passed
the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2015
which once again included my amendment to ban federal funding
for the implementation of the dangerous United Nations Arms Trade Treaty. This is an important victory for the continued preservation of our Second Amendment rights and the defense of our national sovereignty and closest allies around the world.
Sincerely,
Rep. Kelly Introduces the Powering American Jobs Act
This week, Rep. Kelly introduced
the Powering American Jobs Act of 2014
( H.R. 5775 ), in the House of Representatives. The bipartisan legislation would extend certain expiring tax incentives for the energy sector, including propane and biodiesel provisions, for at least two years. It is being co-sponsored by Rep. Ron Kind (D-WI). A copy of the bill can be viewed
here .
Statement by Rep. Kelly:
"The most important issue to Western Pennsylvanians is job creation, and that remains my number one focus in Washington. This bipartisan piece of legislation will grant much-needed tax certainty and fairness to energy providers important to our District and help them create more jobs while bringing heating costs down.
"While the temporary provisions within this bill are necessary, Congress must continue to work toward long-term tax reform that makes these extensions permanent. To this day, the United States remains the only nation in the world that allows important parts of its tax code to expire on a regular basis. Going forward, we must pave the way for a better course. When it comes to encouraging economic growth, American businesses both large and small should have the long-term certainty they need to plan, invest, expand, and hire more hardworking Americans."
Statement by Rep. Kind:
"This commonsense, bipartisan legislation helps create jobs and makes smart investments in alternative fuels to help us become more energy independent. To bolster economic growth, we need to keep looking for ways to provide employers with stability and predictability so they can hire new workers in Wisconsin and around the nation."
Statement by Dan Gilligan, President,
Petroleum Marketers Association of America
(PMAA):
"I would like to thank Reps. Kelly and Kind for their efforts to retroactively extend the $1-per-gallon biodiesel blender's tax credit while bringing fairness to all fuel appliance credits under 25(c) of the tax code. The Kelly-Kind bill makes important technical corrections to 25(c) so oilheat consumers can upgrade to the most efficient appliances available in today's market that will conserve energy and reduce their monthly heating oil bills."
Click here for more information about the Powering American Jobs Act.
Special Message from Rep. Kelly
December 6th is
National Miners Day .
For powering America with affordable and reliable energy that keeps our lights on, our homes warm, and our economy competitive, I say to coal miners in Western Pennsylvania and across our great nation:
THANK YOU!
Forward this email This email was sent to dj724530@gmail.com by
thomas.qualtere@mail.house.gov
|
Update Profile/Email Address
|
Rapid removal with
SafeUnsubscribe &trade;
|
Privacy Policy . The Office of Representative Mike Kelly
|
1519 Longworth House Office Building
|
Washington
|
DC
|
20515
