
Having trouble reading this email?
Click here
to view in your browser.
Fighting for Veterans
On Tuesday we observed Veterans Day. Over the last seven months, Ive worked tirelessly to get to the bottom of the VA scandal. Since news that some veterans might have died waiting for care broke in April, my outrage and frustration with the VA has grown. There are nearly 500,000 veterans in the state of Tennessee, and this Veterans Day I want to reassure Tennessee veterans
and those around the country
that our work to make the VA health care system work for veterans is just beginning.
I know there is no commitment more important to our country than the solemn vow we have made to the men and women in our Armed Forces. They deserve our utmost respect and appreciation for the sacrifice they have made. Ive made it my mission in Congress to ensure veterans have access to the best health care available, a cost-of-living adjustment and the support systems they need to successfully transition back into civilian life. As an Army Medical Corps veteran and member of the House Committee on Veterans Affairs, you have my word that we will never allow our soldiers to return home to anything less than a heroes welcome. The character of this country is defined by how we care for and honor our veterans, which is why I am so committed to reforming the VA health system.
In East Tennessee, we are fortunate to have one of the best VA hospitals in the country, the James H. Quillen VA Medical Center in Mountain Home. The staff at Mountain Home is second to none, and I am proud of the care they give to veterans from the First District. Just last November, they were named a leader in veterans care by The Joint Commission, a non-profit that evaluates more than 20,000 health care organizations. We must ensure that veterans nationwide have the same access to high-quality care enjoyed by veterans in East Tennessee.
I was honored to serve on the House and Senate veterans health care conference committee. The bipartisan group of representatives and senators was tasked with reconciling the differences between bills passed by the House and Senate to address the VA health care scandal. Despite our differences, we all shared the common goal of making meaningful reforms to the VA to ensure that no veteran must wait for months to access health care. I am proud to say that we reached an agreement that will improve the VA and make health care for veterans better.
First and foremost, this bill allowed veterans who have been waiting for more than 30 days or live more than 40 miles from a VA facility to obtain a Veterans Choice card so that they may schedule an appointment with a non-VA doctor at the VAs expense. It also required an independent assessment of VA medical care while establishing a Congressional commission to review the results and evaluate access to care in the VA system. This is the single-most important reform we can achieve for veterans because the VA will never improve unless they are forced to compete for veterans business.
On November 13, the House Veterans Affairs Committee convened to learn what the VA is doing to implement the Veterans Choice card.
As many of us know, too often the VA bureaucracy holds up meaningful reform and its incumbent on us to ensure this program is provided to veterans as soon as possible, because we know that waits and backlogs will be eliminated in a matter of weeks or months when veterans have the freedom to choose where they receive their care.
The bill also authorized the Secretary of Veterans Affairs to fire senior executives who fail to do their jobs. This was an incredibly important reform for ensuring accountability, but the VA has been slow to hold senior employees accountable. Earlier this week, Secretary Robert MacDonald announced a restructuring of the department to bring about more accountability.
I am hopeful that this is the first step in delivering this needed accountability, but our committee will be closely monitoring what occurs.
While Im proud of the progress weve made, as I said before, our work to make the VA better is just beginning. Please rest assured I will continue to fight for our veterans each and every day while I am a member of Congress. I thank all our men and women, past and present, that pledged allegiance to this great nation by serving in our armed forces. My thoughts and prayers are with you and your families always, and I am truly and eternally grateful for all you sacrifice.
Feel free to contact my office if we can be of assistance to you or your family. Our contact information can be found on our website,
www.roe.house.gov .
CONNECT WITH US
E-News Sign-up
Forward to a Friend
Contact Phil
Washington, DC Office
407 Cannon House Office Bldg
Washington, DC 20515
Phone: (202) 225-6356
Fax: (202) 225-5714
Kingsport Office
PO Box 1728
Kingsport, TN 37662
Phone: (423) 247-8161
Fax: (423) 247-0119
Morristown Office
1609 College Park Drive, Suite 4
Morristown, TN 37813
Phone: (423) 254-1400
Fax: (423) 254-1403
Click Here Click Here