
Connect with Representative Miller online:
Rep. Miller Presents Congressional Certificate to Michigans Elementary School Principal of the Year
(Rep. Candice Miller and Kurt Sutton, MEMSPAs 2013 Principal of the Year)
Harrison Township, MI
Today, U.S. Representative Candice Miller (MI-10) visited Krause Later Elementary School in Armada, Michigan, to present Principal Kurt Sutton with a certificate of congressional recognition for being named the 2013
Outstanding Practicing Principal by the Michigan Elementary and Middle School Principals Association.
Today, I had the opportunity to meet Michigans 2013 Elementary Principal of the Year, Kurt Sutton, and present him with a congressional certificate for his extraordinary leadership and commitment to his students and their future,
Miller said.
After meeting Kurt, his dedicated staff, and some of his amazing students, I understand why so many supported his nomination.
Second only to parents, educators play the most important role in shaping the minds and values of our future generations and our leaders, and not just with respect to math and reading, but also their social and emotional development.
They are role models, counselors and coaches, and because of their dedication and commitment to our children, we can have great confidence in their bright future.
About Michigan Elementary and Middle School Principal Associations Outstanding Practicing Principal Award:
Each year, the Michigan Elementary and Middle School Principals Association presents the Outstanding Practicing Principal Award to one principal who has exhibited extraordinary leadership and commitment to their students, faculty, and community.
Nominations for this award come from students, teachers, parents, and community members from across the state.
###
TELL A FRIEND
Feel free to share this e-mail with your friends and family by forwarding this email. If this e-mail has been forwarded to you, please sign up to receive Congresswoman Candice Miller
electronic newsletter .
CONTACT INFORMATION
Washington Office
U.S. House of Representatives
320 Cannon House Office Bldg
Washington, DC 20515
Phone: (202)225-2106
Fax: (202)226-1169
DISTRICT OFFICE
48701 Van Dyke Ave
Shelby Township, MI 48317
Phone: (586)997-5010
Fax: (586)997-5013
E-MAIL Candice
LEARN MORE
UNSUBSCRIBE
NOTE:
This mailbox is unattended. To send e-mail to Congresswoman Candice Miller, please go to
her contact form . To unsubscribe from future electronic updates, please use
this link .
