
Dear Friend,
This week as we commemorate the 61 st
Anniversary of Veterans Day, I&rsquo;d like to reflect on what General Douglas MacArthur said during a speech:
&ldquo;The soldier, above all others, is required to practice the greatest act of religious training&mdash;sacrifice.&rdquo;
That sacrifice is embodied in extraordinary Hoosiers who have worn the uniform of the United States of America.
There are approximately 476,000 veterans living in Indiana. Just as they stood watch on our behalf, we have a moral obligation to support them. It is with their contributions in mind that I have authored the
Military Suicide Reduction Act, Military Mental Health Empowerment Act, and the Service Members Mental Health Screening Act, all of which improve mental health services available to our service members and help them diagnose and treat devastating mental health issues before returning home. I have also been an advocate for the necessary reforms to take place within the VA so that Hoosier veterans can get the care they deserve in a timely manner.
It is my privilege to be a champion for veterans in Congress and I will continue to work with my colleagues to support veteran programs. As a member of the Armed Services Committee, I will continue to focus on the needs of our military in Indiana and across the nation&mdash;to keep them safe in combat and support them on their return home.
God Bless all of our veterans, past, present and future, and God bless our troops and military families serving today.
Regards,
Inside Scoop: Thank you!
Last week, I was honored and humbled to be elected to continue to serve
my neighbors, friends and family in the District where I was born and raised.
I am proud of what we have been able to accomplish over the last several years, but our work is not done.
My focus in Indianapolis will not waver from looking for ways to help create jobs, cut crime and grow the economy.
Today, I am renewing my commitment to every Hoosier - regardless of race, income, or who you love - I will continue to work hard to make things better for you and your family in Indianapolis.
Now you can follow my updates on:
Unsubscribe
Privacy Policy
Washington Office
2453 Rayburn HOB
Washington, D.C. 20515-1407
Phone: 202-225-4011
Fax: 202-225-5633
District Office
300 E Fall Creek Pkwy N Dr. Suite 300
Indianapolis, IN 46205-4258
Phone: 317-283-6516
Fax: 317-283-6567
Are You Uninsured?
#GetCovered!
