
Dear Friend,
Since the Armistice that ended World War I on November 11, 1918, Veterans Day has stood as an opportunity for the United States, as both a nation and its citizens, to pause and honor American veterans of all wars.
Our troops have always served our country with dedication. They fought in major conflicts, including World Wars I and II, Korea, Vietnam, the Gulf War, and the Iraq and Afghan Wars. They fought in smaller actions around the world, such as Somalia, Bosnia, and Grenada.
General Douglas MacArthur said it eloquently, the soldier above all other people prays for peace, for he must suffer and bear the deepest wounds and scars of war.
Our obligation to these brave men and women and their families does not end once a war ends. It continues long past the final shot, and I am committed to fight for the rights and benefits of our current and future veterans.
In August,
H.R. 3230 - The Veterans Access, Choice and Accountability Act of 2014
was signed into law. This law increases veterans access to private health care providers, increases recruitment of new physicians into the VA system, and grants the Secretary of the U.S. Department of Veterans Affairs more flexibility to terminate employees. Congress has given Secretary McDonald the funds and the tools to take better care of our veterans. I believe that more should be done to assist those who have sacrificed so much to protect our individual freedoms and we will continue to work toward that goal in the 114th Congress.
If you are a veteran and need assistance navigating the Department of Veterans Affairs, please contact us at my Pearl Office - (601) 932-2410 or visit our website for further information.
On this Veterans Day, I am extremely thankful for all our veterans and their families. It is their continued commitment to
Duty, Honor,
and
Country , which make this the greatest nation in the world.
God Bless,
Gregg Harper
Member of Congress
harper.house.gov | (202) 225-5031 | 307 Cannon HOB | Washington, DC 20515
Update My Profile
|
Unsubscribe
|
Privacy Policy
Click Here Click Here