
Mail begin
If you are having trouble viewing
this message or would like to share it on a social network, you can
view the message
online .
Home
About
Louise
Serving You
Issues
25th District
Newsroom
Blog
Multimedia
Contact
Dear David,
Every day, I work hard to
represent you and our community.
The issues you care about are my first priority. From growing our
economy, fighting for good jobs, and protecting Medicare and Social
Security to ensuring that veterans get the care they need right here at
home, Im working for you.
When the 114th Congress convenes in January, here are some issues
that Ill be tackling:
Rebuilding
Rochester:
Last month, we broke ground on a new train station for
Rochester. It will replace the temporary station that was built in
1972 and ensure that goods get where they need to go, passengers are
safe, and be built to be accessible to those who use
wheelchairs and strollers and with the deaf and hard of hearing
community in mind. This month, were breaking ground on a project that will
redevelop the Inner Loop, unify communities, and revitalize downtown. In
addition, our areas 70,000 veterans will soon have a new
outpatient clinic so they can get world-class healthcare closer to home.
These projects will inject new energy into our community, create
hundreds of construction jobs, and thousands of permanent jobs: this is a
great way to grow our economy.
Optics and Photonics:
Rochester is the photonics
and optics capital of the world. Our great history in harnessing the
power of light is alive even today. After years of calling for the
creation of an advanced manufacturing institute focused on photonics, the
Obama Administration
agreed to invest over $200 million in an
Institute for Manufacturing Innovation dedicated to photonics. Due to our
efforts, Rochester is in a strong position to secure a portion of
that federal funding, and its investments like this that keep Rochester
on top.
Saving Antibiotics:
Every
year, antibiotic-resistant infections sicken two million and kill
23,000 Americans more than HIV/AIDS. As a microbiologist, Im deeply
concerned about the threat resistance poses to our nations health. My
bill, the Preservation of Antibiotics for Medical Treatment Act
(PAMTA), would address this by ensuring that the agricultural industry,
which uses 80% of our nations antibiotics, is held
accountable for their contribution to resistance through misuse of this precious
medical resource. In Rochester, Im connecting with local
researchers studying how antibiotics in runoff and wastewater affect
the quality of local waterways and who are working to bring more
options for meat raised without unnecessary antibiotics to Monroe
County. Additionally, in the coming months, a spectacular film,
Resistance , which addresses how were endangering
our own health through the misuse of antibiotics, will be screened in
Rochester: it is an informative and compelling look at antibiotic
resistance.
We face so many issues in our region and nation,
such as the ongoing struggle for womens equality, keeping our Great
Lakes clean and maintained, and providing for our men and women in
uniform, whether ensuring they have proper safety equipment on the
battlefront,
adequate healthcare when they return home, or fighting
the scourge of sexual assault in the military.
Theres so
much work to do, and I look forward to hearing from you and working
with you as we continue to strengthen our economy and secure our nations
future.
Best,
Louise
Want to reply to this email? Click
here.
Rochester Office
3120 Federal Building
100 State
Street
Rochester, NY 14614
Phone: (585) 232-4850
Fax:
(585) 232-1954
Washington D.C. Office
2469 Rayburn HOB
Washington, D.C. 20515
Phone: (202)
225-3615
Fax: (202) 225-7822
Unsubscribe
|
Update My Profile
|
Privacy Policy
gateway mail end
