
NEWSLETTER-MN07: Updates
The Mayflower Compact, US Capitol
Dear Friends,
As the Representative of the 7 th
District of Minnesota, I have the pleasure and honor to meet with countless Minnesotans who share their thoughts and ideas
about how to make our state a better place to live. During this season as families and friends sit down to share food and stories&#8211; we can all be thankful for the contributions that so many Minnesotans make every day. From our farmers who produce a bountiful
harvest to our dedicated service members and first responders who keep our communities safe, we have so much to be grateful for. In this spirit, I wish everyone a wonderful Thanksgiving holiday!
Sincerely,
[if gte vml 1]>
<![endif]
Congressman Collin C. Peterson
Minnesota 7th District
2014 National Thanksgiving Presentation
Every year since 1947, the National Turkey Federation has presented a turkey to the President to be pardoned for Thanksgiving. On Tuesday, two turkeys from Cooper Farms
in Fort Recovery, Ohio, held a press conference at the Willard Intercontinental Hotel to answer questions about their upbringing prior to Wednesday&#8217;s official presentation. According to National Turkey Federation Chairman Gary Cooper and his son Cole, who
raised the birds, the turkeys are 20 weeks old and weigh approximately 49 pounds. In terms of musical preferences, the Cooper family said this year&#8217;s turkeys preferred listening to country music, especially Kenny Chesney. There is a naming ceremony on Wednesday,
and then one turkey will be selected to be presented to the President to be pardoned. After the presentation, the turkeys will go to live at Morven Park, a historic site that was once home to Virginia Governor Westmoreland Davis.
Last year&#8217;s turkeys, Caramel and Popcorn, were from the 7 th
District. Raised by former National Turkey Federation Chairman John Burkel (BADGER), they preferred
pop music to the tune of Lady Gaga and Beyonce. Caramel and Popcorn also made their residence at Morven Park.
2014 Capitol Christmas Tree (Continued)
When the Architect of the Capitol asked the US Forest Service to provide a Christmas tree to serve as the &#8220;People&#8217;s Tree&#8221; in 1970, a tradition of holiday cooperation
between the two organizations began. Each year, a different national forest is selected to provide the Capitol Christmas tree, with state forests providing companion trees for Washington offices. This year&#8217;s tree, from the Chippewa National Forest, arrived
with companion trees provided by the Minnesota Tree Growers Association. My office was happy to receive a tree, which arrived with handmade ornaments from children across the state. The base of the 7 th
District tree was constructed by Billy Nelson,
an Eagle Scout from Bemidji, as part of his Scout Project.
An official tree-lighting ceremony will take place on December 2 at 5:00 pm on the West Lawn of the Capitol.
Hunting Game, US Capitol
Visit my website |
Unsubscribe
