
October 31, 2014
The Conaway Chronicle: Town Halls in Junction and Menard, Midland Chamber of Commerce, Meeting With Agriculture Stakeholders in Llano
__________________________________________
Thank you for reading The Conaway Chronicle, a review of my activities in Congress.
Town Halls in Junction and Menard :
On Oct. 29th I held town halls in Junction and Menard.
We had great conversations about the current situation with Ebola and our country's efforts to stop ISIL. After the town halls in Junction and Menard, I can say that during 2014 I have held town halls in all 29 of the counties in the 11th District. I have hit a few counties more than once and also participated in numerous meetings with Chambers of Commerce, Lions Clubs, Rotary Clubs, and other organizations.
Our founding father's created a government that was based on citizens being actively engaged. Freedom comes with responsibilities and being engaged in the process of government is one of those responsibilities.
The men and women who make sure their voices are heard are doing their civic duty.
Midland Chamber of Commerce State of the Economy:
The Midland Chamber of Commerce held its Fourth Annual State of the Economy meeting on Oct. 30th.
Mitch Mamoulides, the Permian South Area Manager for Chevron North America, and I discussed the world price of oil, eliminating the ban on exporting oil, unnecessary and onerous regulations, and other issues.
Agriculture Stakeholders Meeting in Llano:
Several Llano residents who are involved in ranching met with me on Oct. 29th. They, like most Texans, are strongly opposed to the EPA's efforts to claim sovereignty over local bodies of water. Private land owners and local and state officials should be making the decisions about these bodies of water, not EPA bureaucrats who have never been to Llano.
And, I don't think anyone needs a reminder, but in case you do, the buck should serve to remind you that deer season opens tomorrow. Llano is the Deer Capitol of Texas.
Meeting With Mason Mayor Hinckley and
Other Community Leaders :
Mason Mayor Brent Hinckley and several other community leaders met with me Oct. 29th.
They shared their thoughts about issues that are important for Mason.
In order to represent the residents of the 11th District, it is important for me to work closely with local leaders.
Talking With Texas State Technical College Students in Breckenridge:
A lot of TSTC West Texas Breckenridge campus students took the time to meet with me on Oct. 28th. They had some outstanding questions. They are working hard to prepare themselves for the jobs that out are there. I have an enormous of respect for them.
Lowe's in San Saba:
I stopped by the Lowe's Market store in San Saba on Oct. 29th. They have some hard working employees there. I appreciated them taking the time to meet with me. The Littlefield, Texas, company traces its history to E.M. "Bud" Lowe who sold candy and other items from the back of a truck in Littlefield in the 1940s. In 1964, Bud Lowe opened the first Lowe's Market grocery store in Olton, Texas. The majority of Lowe's 152 stores are in rural towns like Llano and San Saba. Each store and its products are unique to the town it's located in and its needs. The federal government needs to stay out of the way of businessmen and women like the leaders at Lowe's.
Meeting with the Granbury Lions Club:
The Granbury Lions Club contributes a lot to the local community.
I appreciated the members of the Club including me in their meeting on Oct. 28th.
We had a great conversation.
Granbury Lions Club member Robert Wells is in the picture on the left and Club President Harold Granek is on the right.
Honoring Sarah Oatman Franklin:
A crowd of about 75 gathered on the Llano Courthouse lawn on Oct. 27th to remember Sarah Oatman Franklin and dedicate a plaque in her honor. "She was about one thing and it was love of this town," Mayor Mike Virdell said when she passed away in July. Sarah was the fifth generation of her family in the county and her brother and sons continue her legacy. Her son, Trey, is on the left, her brother, Sam, is in the middle, and her son, Lance, is on the right. Men and women like Sarah are the heart of the towns and cities in the 11th District.
Eleventh District Regional Director Nancy Watson participated in the event.
Speaking With the Hindu Association of West Texas:
A few weeks ago one of my staff members asked me if I was Irish. I replied, my mother thinks so, but I noted that I might be Scottish. I then added, I am more American than anything else. I was proud to mark the Hindu Diwali celebration with my fellow Americans on Oct. 25th. We should never forget where we came from and the traditions that we bring to America with us. Those traditions are part of who we are. They are ultimately what make us all Americans. As a man of faith, I was honored that they would include me in their celebration of one of their religions most sacred days. There is no greater complement or higher honor.
San Angelo Central High School Mighty Bobcat Marching Band
The San Angelo Central High School Mighty Bobcat Marching Band is going to the 6A UIL State Marching Band Competition for the first time in 36 years. These are impressive young men and women. Click on the picture to watch them in the competition in which they earned the privilege to represent West Texas at the Texas State Marching Band Competition.
As always, you can follow me on
Facebook ,
YouTube , and
Twitter .
Sincerely,
Rep. Mike Conaway, 11th District
Click Here
to view this email in your browser
Click Here
to be removed from this list