
Republicans just released an agenda that puts corporate interests before the interests of middle-class families. Sign our note to President Obama letting him know we will fight to protect the progress we&rsquo;ve made -- and back up his middle-class first agenda.
David Johnson
Sign Your Name &gt;&gt;
David -- I want to thank you. For everything.
Though Tuesday night was a difficult election, we had Democrats win hard-fought campaigns because you stood with them every step of the way. And I want you to know how much I appreciate your support.
But we don&rsquo;t have time to dwell on Tuesday&rsquo;s results. Speaker Boehner and soon-to-be Majority Leader Mitch McConnell just laid out their Republican agenda in a Wall Street Journal op-ed. And it&rsquo;s exactly what we feared:
Repealing the Affordable Care Act
Repealing rules that rein in corporate polluters and Wall Street excess
Rewriting the tax code to give more tax breaks to billionaires
I want you to know that I will not stop fighting for the millions of Americans who are receiving affordable, quality health care -- some for the first times in their lives. And I want you to know that I will never stop fighting to put the interests of middle-class families before the corporate special interests.
In other words, I&rsquo;m not going anywhere. But I can&rsquo;t do it alone. I need you standing with me and the President. David --
sign our note to President Obama letting him know we will fight to protect the progress we&rsquo;ve made -- and back up his middle-class first agenda.
As striking as what the Republicans included in their agenda is what they left out.
No mention of equal pay for women
No mention of raising the minimum wage
No mention of voting rights
It&rsquo;s more important than ever that we speak boldly and clearly for the progressive values we share. Only by changing our political environment and broadening the universe of the electorate can we build a strong sense of community and an economy that works for everyone. If you&rsquo;re standing with us, I hope you&rsquo;ll take the time to sign our note today: http://action.dccc.org/Stand-With-Obama
Thanks again for all you do.
Nancy
Paid for by the Democratic Congressional Campaign Committee | 430 South Capitol Street SE, Washington, DC 20003 |
(202) 863-1500
| www.dccc.org | Not authorized by any candidate or candidate's committee.
This message was sent to:
dj724530@gmail.com
| If you'd like to sign up for emails in a different account, click
here .
We believe that emails are a crucial way for our campaign to stay in touch with supporters. However, If you'd just like to receive fewer emails, you can click
here .
We are already at work preparing for what's next. Early support will be critical for building our next campaign to defeat Tea Party Republicans. 99% of our contributions come from grassroots donations, with an average gift of $22. If you'd like to unsubscribe from DCCC emails, click
here . If you'd like to make an online donation, click
here . Thanks for your support of Democrats!
