
New York Times: &ldquo;President Obama [announces] landmark agreement with China to cut greenhouse gas pollution.&rdquo; President Obama just announced an HISTORIC international agreement to tackle climate change!
New York Times : &ldquo;President Obama [announces] landmark agreement with China to cut greenhouse gas pollution&rdquo;
Friend -- President Obama just announced an HISTORIC international agreement to tackle climate change!
This is incredible news for the environment -- and incredible progress in an area where it COULD NOT be more urgent.
But Republicans in Congress -- led by Mitch McConnell -- are BLASTING the President for this ground-breaking agreement! These climate change deniers are ATTACKING real progress on greenhouse gas emissions!
How can they ignore the disastrous impact climate change will have on our future? We have to fight back!
Add your name: Tell the GOP to stop denying climate change!
Your Action History
Last Petition Signed:
N/A
Stop Denying Climate Change:
Signature Pending &gt;&gt;
For years, Republicans said that the U.S. shouldn&rsquo;t make any commitments to reduce emissions without an international agreement.
Now, the President has gotten a commitment from China, the world&rsquo;s biggest greenhouse gas emitter, and how does the GOP respond? By stomping their feet and denying there&rsquo;s a problem!
Let&rsquo;s show the President we support him in his fight against climate change deniers -- can we get 100,000 Democrats to sign on?
Tell the GOP: Stop denying climate change! Support the President as he works to make progress on climate solutions!
Thanks for your help,
Julia Ager
DSCC Rapid Response Coordinator
Democratic Senatorial Campaign Committee
P.O. Box 96047
Washington, DC 20090
Paid for by the Democratic Senatorial Campaign Committee, dscc.org,
and not authorized by any candidate or candidate&#39;s committee.
The DSCC is the only organization solely dedicated to supporting Democrats in the U.S. Senate. This message was sent to dj724530@gmail.com because you are a part of the DSCC&rsquo;s grassroots network. Please add us to your address book or approved senders list to make sure you keep receiving DSCC updates.
Emails are a critical way for us to stay in touch with our grassroots supporters. 99% of the DSCC&rsquo;s contributions come from grassroots donors giving less than $200. We also strive to keep you updated on issues related to the Democratic Party&rsquo;s values.
If you&rsquo;d like to stop receiving emails related to this campaign, please
click here .
If you&#39;d like to make a contribution to support us, please
click here . We are already beginning to prepare for the fight ahead &ndash; reclaiming the majority in 2016. It will take every single grassroots supporter, but we know it&rsquo;s possible with your help. If you&rsquo;d like to stop receiving all emails from the DSCC, please
unsubscribe . We greatly appreciate your continued support.
Contributions or gifts to the DSCC are not tax deductible.
