
News
from
Representative
Scott
Perry
November 23, 2014
This week, President Obama delivered an address which detailed the actions he is going to take concerning immigration. However, I have serious concerns with the Presidents plan. On November 4, the American people sent a clear message that they want balance in our government. They want Democrats and Republicans to work together to provide real solutions to the countrys problems. The message from the American people, however, was not that they wanted unilateral and unconstitutional actions from the President.
Clearly, Americas immigration system is broken
we have 11 million undocumented immigrants in this country; thats a serious problem, but unilateral action by the President is not the right answer. President Obama has said, the notion that I can just suspend deportations through executive order, thats just not the case. The President recognizes that these actions are unconstitutional, yet hes still pushing for unilateral action.
Even members of the Presidents political party have said this scheme is wrong for America. Sen. Joe Manchin (D-WV) said, I wish he wouldnt do it. Sen. Angus King (I-ME) said, the Constitution says that the Congress makes the law and President executes it. Yet despite objections from Democrats, Republicans and Independents, the President has forged ahead with an unpopular and unconstitutional plan.
The first step in any reform process must be to secure our borders, period. Significant progress must be made on this issue before we take any further steps.
Click the picture above for a video of my floor speech on the Gettysburg Train Station.
This week I also had the opportunity to speak on the House floor to mark the anniversary of President Lincolns Gettysburg Address. Prior to this famous address, Lincoln arrived at the Gettysburg Train Station. Earlier this year, the House passed my bill to permanently preserve this historic landmark without utilizing any federal funds. Currently, this bill awaits consideration by the full Senate.
The Battle of Gettysburg marks a turning point in American history. By preserving the Lincoln Train Station, I hope to inspire my fellow citizens to learn and appreciate the significance of the Gettysburg Campaign, the Gettysburg Address, the Civil War, and the bravery of the soldiers who, in President Lincoln's powerful words, "gave the last full measure of devotion."
Click the picture above to view a short video of my speech on Iran's human rights violations.
Finally, this week I had the opportunity to participate in the debate of a resolution that condemns Iran for its gross human rights violations. While Iran pursues its nuclear ambitions with relentless determination, it continues to repress millions of Iranians yearning for basic freedoms. The resolution shows that the U.S. stands for the principle that foreign policy can and must pursue strategic objectives, like the dismantling of Irans nuclear program, while promoting democracy and human rights.
Sincerely,
Scott G. Perry
JOIN
ME
ON
Adams
County
Office
22
Chambersburg
Street
Gettysburg,
PA
17325
Phone:
717-338-1919
Fax:
717-334-6314
Cumberland/Dauphin
Counties
Office
730
North
Front
Street
Wormleysburg,
PA
17043
Phone:
717-635-9504
Fax:
717-635-9861
York
County
Office
2209
East
Market
Street
York,
PA
17402
Phone:
717-600-1919
Fax:
717-757-5001
Washington,
DC
Office
126
Cannon HOB
Washington,
DC
20515
Phone:
202-225-5836
Fax:
202-226-1000
Sign
Up
for
the
Member's
Newsletter:
Subscribe
Unsubscribe
to
the
Member's
Newsletter:
Unsubscribe
Please
do
not
reply
to
this
email.
The
mailbox
is
unattended.
To
share
your
thoughts
please
visit
my
webpage
-
http://perry.house.gov
Click Here
to view this email in your browser
Click Here
to be removed from this list