
November 21, 2014
The Conaway Chronicle: House Committee on Agriculture,
President Obamas Unconstitutional Executive Order , Lone Star Conference Champions
__________________________________________
Thank you for reading The Conaway Chronicle, a review of my activities in Congress and the 11th District.
50th Chairman of the House Committee on Agriculture:
I was humbled and honored this week to be selected as the 50th chairman of the storied House Committee on Agriculture. The work that farmers and ranchers do is part of our countrys foundation. They feed, fuel, and clothe our nation. I look forward to building on the bipartisan work of the chairmen who have led this committee for the past two centuries.
I represent, and love, rural America. Its the backbone of our country. The values and concepts that make America great are stored in rural America, and I want to protect that. There are fewer and fewer voices representing rural America, and I am honored to be one of those voices. That is my overarching drive as the Committee moves forward.
Bronte-Native Will Serve as Committee on Agriculture Staff Director
Scott Graves will serve as the Committee Staff Director. Graves is a native of Bronte and currently serves as Chief of Staff for my personal office. He holds a bachelors degree in Agricultural and Applied Economics from Texas Tech University and a masters degree in Strategic Security Studies from National Defense University. Graves, who comes from a cattle ranching and farming family, began his 10-year stint on Capitol Hill as an intern for the House Agriculture Committee in 2005. Shortly thereafter I hired Scott to handle agriculture issues, and he worked his way up to Legislative Director and Chief of Staff in my personal office. He worked closely with the Agriculture Committee on writing and advancing both the 2008 and 2014 Farm Bills. Scott knows agriculture and understands how to get things done.
For nearly 10 years, and in a variety of capacities, he has been my right hand man.
He is a leader and I respect his management skills, policy acumen, strategic planning abilities, and above all his dogged pursuit of what is best for agriculture and our country.
President Obamas Unconstitutional Executive Order :
After the election, President Obama said he wanted to work with Republicans to do what is in the countrys best interest.
With his decision to act unilaterally on amnesty for illegal immigrants, he is picking a fight with my fellow Republicans and me and pushing a policy that is not in Americas best interest.
If the American public had wanted him to do this, they would have voted differently earlier this month.
He told the American public, I may not be on the ballot, but my policies are.
The American public then sent an equally clear message to him with their votes that they opposed this policy.
Furthermore, when asked directly if he would act unilaterally, he has said 22 times that he does not have the authority to do this.
Twenty-two times.
My fellow Republicans and I are not foolish enough to take his bait.
We're going to stand opposed to these actions. We're going to do what's best for our country.
Furthermore, I fully support Governor-Elect Greg Abbotts plan to sue President Obama on behalf of the State of Texas.
Accountability and Transparency at the Environmental Protection Agency:
The House passed two bills this week that would require the Environmental Protection Agency to be both accountable and transparent when it comes to making scientific decisions.
One
bill
would reform the Agency's Science Advisory Boards. The bill would prevent involvement by people with conflicts of interests, require communications of uncertainties in scientific findings, and limit non-scientific policy advice.
The second
bill
would require the EPA to make public the data they use to make scientific decisions.
This would allow other scientists
and the American public to fairly judge EPA decisions.
The Agency's decisions have the ability to threaten the livelihood of ranchers and oil workers
Those workers should have the right to see the data that will affect their lives and livelihoods.
Strengthening American Manufacturers:
Thanks to the all of the hard work that many of you working in the energy industry are doing, we have the opportunity strengthen American manufacturers. Today the House passed a bill,
H.R. 4795 , that would help manufacturers create new jobs by increasing transparency and reducing delays for Clean Air Act permits. Majority Whip Steve Scalise is the sponsor of this bill that I was proud to vote for. We cannot hold our economy hostage to unnecessary delays.
Buckner Family Place Ribbon Cutting:
The Buckner Family Place in Midland officially opened their new activity center and playground this week.
Buckner provides housing for single parents who are earning degrees.
It is a great environment for the parents and their children.
This great place has been able to grow and thrive thanks to the generosity of West Texans.
We take care of our own in West Texas.
We are particularly willing to lend a hand to those who are helping themselves.
Pioneer Natural Resources:
Congratulations to Pioneer Natural Resources Company on the grand opening and ribbon cutting on Nov. 19th for their state of the art Midland, Texas, Headquarters in the ClayDesta business park. Pioneer employs 1,700 Permian Basin residents. Great things are happening in the 11th District.
Lone Star Conference Champions:
The Tarleton State University Texanns volleyball team and the Angelo State University Rams
football team won their respective Lone Star Conference championships.
The Texanns received an automatic bid in the NCAA Div. II championship and the Rams progressed to the NCAA div. II playoffs.
Suzanne and I are proud of these young women and men.
As always, you can follow me on
Facebook ,
YouTube , and
Twitter .
Sincerely,
Rep. Mike Conaway, 11th District
Click Here
to view this email in your browser
Click Here
to be removed from this list