DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.0 Transitional//EN" "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml1/DTD/xhtml1-transitional.dtd"
November 21, 2014
Visit My Website
|
Forward to a Friend
| Find me on:
Response to the President's Unilateral Amnesty
VIDEO: Marchant Urges Opposition to Executive Amnesty
The American people deserve a fair immigration system that complements our national security priorities and is accountable to the democratic process. The unilateral actions announced by the president this week meet none of these criteria. His executive amnesty disrespects legal immigrants who made the effort to follow the law, forces our border and enforcement agents to disregard their sworn national security responsibilities, and ignores the will of the American people. Put simply, the presidents executive amnesty makes it easier and more rewarding to come here illegally than to abide by our nations laws.
Congress must stand up to the presidents unilateral amnesty. Our constitutional power of the purse is the greatest tool we have. Every legislative mechanism that can defund or stop the presidents amnesty must be considered to protect our nation from the impacts of these irresponsible actions. Not a single taxpayer dollar should go toward implementation of the presidents executive amnesty.
America welcomes those who work hard, play by the rules, and contribute to our communities. But the foundation of our nations success is firmly rooted in the rule of law. This fundamental principle cannot be ignored. The president must work with Congress to promote an immigration system that secures the border, rewards those who follow the law, and punishes those who dont. Bypassing the will of the American people and the democratic process is never the answer.
I have signed a letter urging House appropriators to
prohibit all funding for the president's amnesty
in the next government funding bill. To see legislation I have cosponsored and actions I have taken
this Congress to strengthen border security and immigration
enforcement, please click
here .
Keystone Pipeline Update
I have been a strong supporter of the Keystone XL Pipeline from the very beginning and was pleased to see its approval pass the House recently with bipartisan support. Keystone would be a critical asset in our efforts to increase energy security, reduce our dependence on Middle Eastern oil, and lower prices at the pump for American families. Not to mention that it would create thousands of jobs in Texas and across the United States.
Initially, it looked as though the Senate would follow the Houses
lead, approve Keystone themselves, and force the president to finally
make a decision on the pipeline. Unfortunately, the bill failed in the Senate this week by one vote.
Approving Keystone and beginning construction will be one of the Houses
top priorities in the next Congress. The Republican-led Senate will undoubtedly join us in this pursuit by approving Keystone. When the bill reaches the president's desk, he will have a very
important decision to make for our nations energy future. There is no
reason why he should stand in the way of thousands of new
jobs and greater energy security.
Happy Thanksgiving
In advance of Thanksgiving next week, Id like to take this opportunity to say how grateful I am to have the honor of serving you and the 24th District in Congress. I hope you have a wonderful holiday with your family and loved ones. Many blessings from my family to yours.
Click the "Like" button and follow me on Facebook to get daily updates on how I am serving you and the 24th District of Texas.
It is an honor to represent you in Washington and I value your input. Please don't hesitate to contact one of my offices or
send me an email .
UPDATE SUBSCRIPTION OPTIONS
|
PRIVACY POLICY
|
CONTACT US
