
If you are having trouble viewing this message or would like to share
it on a social network, you can
view the message online .
November 06, 2014
Biography
|
Contact Us
|
Constituent
Services
|
Issues
|
Newsroom
|
District Map
Dear Friend,
This newsletter is devoted to America's veterans and their
families. Throughout our nation's history, in peacetime and in war, it is
the men and women who heeded the call of duty that have defended our
freedom and preserved our democracy.
As Veterans Day
approaches,
I hope you will join me in taking a moment to thank our veterans
for their service.
A grateful nation must
also meet its veterans' needs. Nearly 9 million veterans are enrolled to
receive health care through the U.S. Department of Veterans Affairs
(VA). I will continue to monitor ongoing efforts to improve the
delivery of quality health care for every veteran who needs it.
Also of
concern, while substantial progress has been made over the past two
years to address the backlog in VA disability claims and appeals, I am
not satisfied with the wait times that remain.
The VA pledged to
eliminate the compensation backlog completely in 2015.
I intend
to do all that I can to ensure this goal is met.
We must never forget the sacrifices our
veterans have made.
I fully support providing the resources needed
to provide for their care from health care and housing to education and
employment. This issue includes several announcements for veterans,
including information on a job fair in the 11th District and details on
how my office can assist veterans.
In addition, I encourage
young people who may be contemplating officer training and a rewarding
career in the military to apply for a nomination to a United States
Service Academy through my office.
The deadline to complete a
nomination packet is fast approaching, on November 28, 2014.
To all
the men and women who have served and to the families that stand behind
them,
I wish you a
Happy Veterans
Day !
Marcia L. Fudge
Member of
Congress
Veteran Career and Community Job Fair
After serving their country, our veterans deserve an opportunity
to find gainful employment. I support efforts to ensure veterans have
the training and information they need to ensure career
success.
Many government agencies as well as community organizations have
come together to connect job seekers with prospective employers in
Northeast Ohio.
Only veterans are invited to attend the first hour of
the Veteran Career and Community Job Fair on November 12 at the
University of Akron.
The remainder of the event is open to all people
in the community.
Anyone who produces a resume can ride a bus on
the Metro Regional Transit Authority of Summit County for free that
day.
Wednesday Nov. 12, 2014,
10 am
11 am Veterans
Only
11 am - 2 pm Veterans and Community
The University
of Akron, Quaker Square
135 Broadway St., Akron, Ohio
44308
Employment Opportunities - On-site Applications
Happy 238th Birthday to the United
States Marine Corps
On November 10, 1775, the Continental Congress
passed a resolution stating that
"two Battalions of Marines be
raised" to serve as landing forces for the Continental naval fleet.
This established the birthday of what has now become the United States
Marine Corps.
Wherever they are around the world, Marines will
gather to recall their proud history by listening to a birthday message
which is read aloud on November 10th of each year
as
ordered
by Marine Commandant John LeJeune in 1921. We are indebted to all
of
the men and women who have selflessly
answered the call
to duty.
On November 10th, please join me in saying a special
thank you to "The few, the proud, the Marines" who have courageously
served us so well.
Burn Pit Exposure? Sign up Now on the VA
Registry
During their deployment, a number of military
personnel were exposed to airborne hazards such as smoke from open burn
pits, oil-well fires, fine dust particulates or pollution. Some
individuals have reported respiratory ailments and other health conditions
related to that exposure. The Department of Veterans Affairs (VA) is
currently conducting studies on the issue and has now established a
registry
to track potential health concerns. According to the VA, the
long term effects are not yet known. The registry database enables the
VA to provide updates on research and other information to eligible
veterans. Veterans from Operation Enduring Freedom, Operation Iraqi
Freed and Operation New Dawn (OEF/OIF/OND) or 1990-1991 Gulf War Veterans
and Service members can use the registry questionnaire to report their
exposure and any related health concerns.
Participation is
voluntary.
Click
here
if you would like to
sign up for the Airborne Hazards and Open Burn Pit Registry or learn more
about it.
Veterans
Resources
Now Taking Applications for Service Academy
Nominations
Each year I
have the privilege of nominating a limited number of students who live
in Ohio's 11th Congressional District to four of the five United
States service academies. The honor of attending a service academy comes
with an obligation and commitment to serve in the military for a minimum
of five years upon graduation. A nomination by a Member of Congress
or the Vice President of the United States is required for admission to
the U.S. Air Force, Army, Naval and Merchant Marine
Academies.
The deadline for accepting
nomination packets in my office is
November 28,
2014 . Eligibility requirements, nomination forms and more information
are available on my website,
www.fudge.house.gov . You can also call my Cuyahoga County District office for more
information at 216-522-4900.
"Dear Congresswoman Fudge,
I first wish to thank you and your office for all
your efforts in helping me secure my remaining Veterans Retraining
Assistance Program (VRAP) funds...I was so happy to realize when my
direct deposit showed that my funds [$4,174.93] were available, it changed
my quality of life and gave me hope that if I continued to be
thorough in my endeavors that somehow, somewhere, someone would help. For not
only me but any veteran or person seeking
assistance."
K.R.
Cleveland
My Office Stands Ready
to Help
If you need assistance
with obtaining disability benefits, earned medals, personnel records or
accessing any other veteran programs, my office is here to
help.
So far in 2014, my staff has helped veterans recover owed benefits
with a financial value of $326,748.22.
Veterans concerns can be addressed to Bill
Anderson in my Cuyahoga County Office by email,
William.Anderson@mail.house.gov
or by phone at
216-522-4900.
Contact Info
Washington, DC
Office
2344 Rayburn House Office Building
Washington, D.C.
20515
Phone: (202) 225-7032
Fax: (202)
225-1339
District Office -
Cuyahoga County
4834
Richmond Road, Suite 150
Warrensville
Heights, OH 44128
Phone: (216)
522-4900
Fax: (216) 522-4908
District Office - Summit
County
1225 Lawton Street
Akron, OH 44320
Phone: (330) 835-4758
Fax: (330) 835-4863
Unsubscribe
|
Update My Profile
|
Privacy
Policy
gateway
mail end 