
14
NOV 2014
A new opportunity to work together
Dear David,
It's no secret that Election Day brought some change to Congress.
For the first time since you elected me to the United States Senate, I will be a member of the minority party.
And instead of throwing political punches and playing the role of obstructionist, I see more opportunities for collaboration.
I see opportunity to bridge the gap between the extremes, to work with Democrats and Republicans, and to continue my commitment to putting good policy before partisan politics.
I see opportunity for Congress to come together on a host of issues that can move our state and country forward.
I've always done my level best to find ways to compromise and partner with those on the other side of the aisle.
From working closely with Senator Bob Corker (R-Tenn.) on housing finance reform and Senator John McCain (R-Ariz.) on improving the Border Patrol, the relationships that I have built with Republicans will continue into this next Congress.
With change on the horizon, it's time to renew my bipartisan commitment to the people of Montana.
Together, we can pass a long-term Highway Bill to strengthen our economy. We can work together to get the Keystone XL Pipeline approved.
We can find a solution to fix the U.S. Postal Service while standing up for rural America, and reform our housing finance system to protect taxpayers and homeowners.
And we must take a hard look at our tax code.
There are plenty of areas where the Montana delegation can work together, and I look forward to partnering with Senator-elect Steve Daines and Congressman-elect Ryan Zinke.
As someone who ran his last campaign promising to make Washington look more like Montana, I will not compromise the core values that define our way of life.
I will continue to stand up for working families, protect our public lands, Social Security, Medicare and a woman's access to health care, and ensure a bright future for Indian Country.
And I will not tolerate political stunts that shut down the government.
We must balance the budget, but reckless across-the-board cuts will do more harm than good.
We must be thoughtful and creative.
This won't be the first time I've experienced what it's like to be in the minority.
In 1999, 2001, and 2003 I was serving in the Montana Legislature.
Republicans controlled both chambers, and even then I successfully worked across the aisle to pass legislation.
It's what Montanans demanded then, and it's what Montanans demand now.
Compromise has become a dirty word.
The extremes are pulling their respective sides further and further away from a middle ground where things actually get done.
And bills that make sense for the American people tend to get bogged down in political games.
But Montanans expect more.
They expect their elected officials to govern and give them a voice in Washington.
They expect us to get things done while we are there.
And they expect us to treat each other with respect even when we disagree.
As your senior Senator, I will never forget that I was sent here to help govern on behalf of the people of Montana.
Finally, as always, stay in touch.
Hearing from Montanans is the best way to get good ideas for legislation, advance Montana priorities and help move this country forward.
Be well,
WWW.TESTER.SENATE.GOV
|
UNSUBSCRIBE
