
If you are having trouble
viewing this message or would like to share it on a social network, you
can
view the message
online .
HOME
CONTACT US
ISSUES
LEGISLATION
November 23, 2014
Dear
David,
On Thursday night, President Obama announced his plans to
use executive power to grant amnesty to an estimated 5 million illegal
immigrants, an action he repeatedly
admitted
was out of his authority.
This Country is a
nation of laws, with our constitution as a safeguard to ensure our
government exists to serve the people, not one man. The President's
immigration policy was on the ballot this year, and the American public sent a
clear message to Washington: secure the borders and enforce our
current laws. This blatant abuse of power will not go unchallenged. We are
committed to doing everything we can to block this unlawful action and
work towards an immigration system that secures our borders, respects
rule of law, and prevents future illegal immigration. Most recently,
I joined over sixty of my colleagues in sending a
letter
urging Appropriations Committee Chairman Hal Rogers to
prohibit funding for any executive action on immigration without
Congressional approval.You can watch my floor speech addressing the President's
amnesty plan
here .
Below are some
highlights from this past week in Washington. I enjoy corresponding with you
regarding the issues facing our nation, and I hope you continue to
reach out with the concerns and needs you have. Now you can communicate
with me on an additional platform,
my
Facebook page ! Please like and share with your friends. I look
forward to hearing from you!
Sincerely,
It was a pleasure to show Tim Taylor and his
wife, Carol around the Capitol last week. Tim Taylor is Butte County's
Superintendent of Education. If you are visiting DC, be sure to
contact my office
so we can set up a
tour!
Increasing Transparency and Oversight in EPA
Rulemaking
This week, I voted for two measures that would increase transparency
and oversight of the Environmental Protection Agency (EPA). The first,
H.R. 4012 , gives independent scientists a fair
chance to validate the studies the EPA uses to make new regulations.
The EPA currently refuses to release all data and information used to
create new regulations. Effectively, this measure would prohibit the EPA
from creating new regulations unless all scientific and technical
information can be independently analyzed and the public can justly
challenge those decisions. The second measure,
H.R.1422 , increases the transparency requirements of the Science Advisory
Board (SAB)the board responsible for reviewing the scientific foundation
of the EPAs regulator decisions and advising the Congress. In light
of Obamacare architect Jonathan Grubers
leaked
comments
revealing the intentional public deception behind ObamaCare,
it is crucial that the scientific rationale behind regulations be
transparent and open to scrutiny by other scientists. When you have an
agency charged with decisions that impact how Americans can operate a
business, maintain roads, or simply continue their day-to-day activities,
it is only fair that they justify their rulemakings with
sciencescience that withstands open peer review. We simply cannot allow unelected,
unaccountable bureaucrats in Washington to continue to use secrecy
and deception as tools to advance the agenda of radical far-left
environmental groups.
Remembering our Fallen
Heroes
On Wednesday, I spoke on the House Floor in remembrance of
the life and sacrifice of Detective Michael Davis Jr. Both Davisand
Sacramento County Deputy Sheriff Danny Oliver lost their lives in the line
of duty on October 24th, 2014 during a horrific crime spree. Davis
was a resident of Roseville, a graduate of Butte College, and a man who
dedicated his life to public safety. His death is a tragic loss that
will be felt immensely by the people of Placer County, and our whole
state. Please join me in praying for his wife Jessica and their four
children during this time of profound personal loss. May God give them
strength, healing, and peace.
Rep. LaMalfa
remembers the life and sacrifice of Detective Michael Davis, Jr. Click
here
to watch.
Intern With My Office!
Are
you passionate about the policies impacting our North State? Are you
interested in experiencing national politics? Would you like to work
with Congressman LaMalfa?
Please encourage any college students or
recent graduates who may be interested to apply for a Spring
Internship with my Capitol office. The internship runs from January to May.
Applications may be submitted on my
website .
To
apply for an intenship, submit an application through
Rep. LaMalfa's website .
Wasteful Government Spending Item of the
Week
Collaborative
Research Grant: EvalFest (Evaluation Use, Value and Learning through
Festivals of Science and Technology)
Cost
$68,683.00
Agency
National Science
Foundation
Summary
One of many
totaling $1,523,133, this grant was given to researchers at the
University of San Francisco and North Carolina at Chapel Hill who are
monitoring attendance at twenty science
festivals.
Reason for
Funding
The project will
refine evaluation tools
currently used within the Science Festival Alliance that assess self-reported
festival learning, and the effects of festival attendance,
motivation, and future science
participation.
Source
National Science Foundation
E-mail
Updates
Yes, please periodically send me e-mail
updates.*
*By subscribing to my
e-mail updates, you are authorizing me to send regular e-mail updates
from my office to your e-mail account.
Share on Facebook
Tell a Friend
E-mail:
Washington D.C. Office
506 Cannon HOB
Washington, DC 20515
Phone: 202-225-3076
Fax: (202)
226-0552
Oroville District Office
1453 Downer Street,Suite A
Oroville, CA 95965
Phone: (530)
534-7100
Fax: (530) 534-7800
Redding
District Office
2885 Churn Creek Rd.,
Suite
C
Redding, CA 96002
Phone: (530) 223-5898
Fax: (530)
605-4339
Auburn District Office
13626 New Airport Rd.,
Ste 106
Auburn, CA
95602
Phone: (530) 878-5035
Fax: (530) 878-5037
Unsubscribe
|
Update My
Profile
|
Privacy Policy
gateway mail end
