
Website
|
About
|
Contact Me
|
Serving You
|
Media Center
|
Legislative Work
|
Our District
|
Resources
October 31, 2014
The Scalise Capitol Report
'The Speech'
This week, we celebrated the 50th anniversary of Ronald Reagans
A Time for Choosing
speech. This historic speech was an inspiration to many and contributed greatly to Reagans rise in American politics. I find inspiration in it now, and the issues he discussed -growing national debt, an expanding federal government, a broken tax code
are every bit as relevant today as they were 50 years ago. I will continue to fight for an America that fulfills the promise of equal opportunity for this and future generations to come and the shared values that make us the beacon of democracy that looks toward that shining city on a hill.
Click on the photo above to watch 'The Speech'
More Victories for Religious Freedoms
Our nation experienced two significant victories for religious freedoms this week.
The first was a Federal Court ruling that delivered another
one-two punch
to the oppressive HHS mandate. Ave Maria University, a faith-based college, boldly stood up for its religious beliefs against the Obama Administration and won on a motion for injunctive relief, meaning they do not have to abide by the unconstitutional enforcements of the contraceptive mandate. This is significant because this is the first federal court case since the United States Supreme Court ruled in favor of religious freedoms in the Burwell v. Hobby Lobby case. Statistically, about
90 percent
of our nations courts have ruled in favor of religious freedoms when addressing the contraceptive mandate. These rulings are further proof that Obamacare is truly unworkable, no matter how many revisions this Administration attempts to make. We must repeal and replace it with
a better way .
In another victory, the Houston mayor backed down from her
Orwellian demands
against the pastors who opposed an ordinance in their sermons that violated their religious beliefs. Im proud to support the pastors across our nation who continue to exercise their Constitutional rights when they preach. Standing up for their religious beliefs is a fundamental First Amendment right, and I am proud to stand tall in its defense.
New Lows for This Administration
Between
insulting Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu
and attempting to bypass Congress for any nuclear weapons deal with Iran, this Administration has hit a new low. It is unacceptable that White House officials would make such inappropriate comments about any foreign leader, let alone Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu, our strongest ally and most trusted friend in the Middle East. Meanwhile, other reports suggest the Obama Administration
will not seek Congressional approval if a deal is reached with Iran . Its troubling that these negotiations do not address Irans ballistic missile program and any agreement could sunset within the decade.
Congress, however, remains in strong support of our friendship and strategic alliance with Prime Minister Netanyahu and we are united in our resolve to prevent Iran from attaining a nuclear weapons capability. I urge the president to repudiate any destructive, derogatory comments made by his Administration and to work directly with Members of Congress so that any deal with Iran will have strong bipartisan support and represent the best national security interests of America.
It is an honor to represent you in Congress. For more information please visit my
website ,
Twitter ,
Instagram , and
Facebook
pages.
Sincerely,
Steve Scalise
House Majority Whip
WEBSITE
|
UNSUBSCRIBE
|
CONTACT
Washington DC Office
2338 Rayburn HOB
Washington, DC 20515
Phone: (202) 225-3015
Houma Office
8026 Main Street
Suite 700
Houma, LA 70360
Phone: (985) 879-2300
Metairie Office
110 Veterans Boulevard
Suite 500
Metairie, LA 70005
Phone: (504) 837-1259
Mandeville Office
21454 Koop Drive
Suite 1E
Mandeville, LA 70471
Phone: (985) 893-9064
Hammond Office
1514 Martens Drive
Suite 10
Hammond, LA 70401
Phone: (985) 340-2185
Click Here Click Here