
Miller Newsletter
November 2, 2014
In the News
U.S. Marine Sergeant Andrew Tahmooressi Returns Home
After spending seven grueling months in Mexican prison, Sgt. Andrew Tahmooressi is now back on U.S. soil. Two-time combat war veteran, Sgt. Tahmooressi, who mistakenly entered Mexico, was arrested on March 31, 2014, by Mexican authorities after crossing the U.S.-Mexico border with three firearms in his possession. Sgt. Tahmooressi honorably served our country, and out of concern for his well-being and the substantial evidence in the case demonstrating how he mistakenly entered Mexico, I joined my colleagues earlier this summer in sending letters to both Sgt. Tahmooressis lawyer, Mr. Fernando Benitez, and Judge Escobedo, urging them to address his case quickly and to reunite this American patriot with his family as soon as possible. Sgt. Tahmooressi was released on humanitarian grounds, and while his release is without question welcome news, Im extremely disappointed in the Administrations lack of urgency towards resolving this case in a more timely manner. I welcome Sgt. Tahmooressi home and wish him all the best.
Illegal Alien, Deported Twice Before, Kills Two U.S. Police Officers
Two Sacramento County deputies, Daniel Oliver and Michael Davis, were murdered in cold blood last week in California. The accused assailant was Luis Enrique Monroy-Bracamonte, a twice-deported illegal immigrant who returned back into the United States each time as a result of our lack of border security and lax enforcement of current immigration laws. According to news reports, he was deported in 1997 and then in 2001 for drug and weapon charges. He has lived in the U.S. for more than a decade without proper paperwork.
Breaking our Nations immigration laws by illegally entering this country displays a shocking disregard for the rule of law. Unfortunately, in this instance Luis Monroy-Bracamonte's disregard for the law had fatal consequences for two brave law enforcement officers.
While last week he was arraigned on 14 counts, including the murder of the two officers, theft of a sheriffs vehicle and a shotgun, four carjackings and the attempted murders of three deputies and a civilian, this tragic case further highlights the need for real border security and a President who faithfully executes the laws of the United States.
According to the Migration Policy Institute, from 2003 to 2013, about one-third of all deportations, 1.1 million, were based on reinstatements of court orders from previous deportations of the same aliens.
In addition, based on a recent study by the Center for Immigration Studies, 60 percent of all removals carried out by Immigration and Customs Enforcement in 2013 were of foreigners who had previously been deported.
The Obama Administrations arbitrary catch-and-release programs, combined with a feckless deportation policy unnecessarily and continuously puts American lives at risk. Rather than continuing to pursue his agenda to expand amnesty to illegal immigrants and encourage individuals to break the law, it is absolutely critical that the Administration, along with the Democrat-controlled Senate, immediately change course and heed the call of the Republican-led House and the American people by focusing on what should be our number one prioritysecuring our borderin addition to enforcing the laws already on the books.
I pray for the families of officers Oliver and Davis and hope that their names will be remembered as the brave officers they were.
Handover of Camp Leatherneck
On Monday, U.S. and British forces officially turned over Camp Leatherneck and Camp Bastion in Helmand Province, Afghanistan, to the Afghan Army, marking the end of a long era.
Since 2001, tens of thousands of U.S. Marines have been in and out of Camp Leatherneck, most notably in 2008 and 2009 as they launched an offensive to uproot the Taliban threat throughout the Province.
Throughout the past 14 years, thousands were seriously wounded and hundreds lost their lives while stationed there.
While Im sure this exchange of ownership will be met with mixed feelings for those brave servicemembers who were deployed to Camp Leatherneck throughout the years, I want to personally thank and honor them for their sacrifice and honorable service as they endured some of the fiercest fighting of Americas longest war.
Survey shows Doctors give Obamacare failing grade
By virtually any measure, Obamacare continues to be an unmitigated disaster. Millions of Americans have seen their health care costs increase, their provider networks shrink, and the projected premiums for next year are only set to rise even further. It is no wonder then that the majority of Americans surveyed oppose the law. But it isnt just patients that think Obamacare is failing. In fact, when a recent poll carried out by the Physicians Foundation asked doctors to grade Obamacare; 46 percent gave the law a failing D or F grade. Just like patients, doctors are frustrated with the flawed Obamacare philosophy that puts Washington bureaucrats in between doctors and their patients. House Republicans have shown time and time again that we are committed to protecting the American people by repealing Obamacare and replacing it with commonsense patient centered reforms.
Miller Media Clips
To read some recent press clips highlighting my work on behalf of Florida's First
Congressional District and our Nations veterans and servicemembers, click on the links below:
House committee quizzes VA on disciplinary actions in retaliation lawsuit
NAFCU letter to Chairman Miller urging legislative action on H.R. 5061
Bands on the Beach season ends
1st VA official gone under revised firing rules
Inspector General Denies Hiding 2008 Report on Phoenix VA Wait Times
VA removes first official under new firing rules, after two months of paid leave
VA secretary defends pace of disciplinary actions
Allentown family honored for farming legacy
Friend: Nothing has changed at VA center since Niccums death
Washington Update
House Releases New Video on IRS Targeting
Since the outrageous IRS targeting of conservative groups came to light, the House has been working diligently to get to the bottom of this scandal. It is crucial that the American people have faith that the IRS is actually working on their behalf and that they will never be singled out by their government simply for their political beliefs and desire to carry out their first amendment rights.
Numerous House committees have reviewed thousands of documents and interviewed key witnesses, and the full House has passed legislation to hold Lois Lerner in contempt of Congress, and to call on the Attorney General to appoint a special counsel to investigate the targeting scandal. Yet, the Administration has continuously stonewalled the Houses investigations and denied any evidence of wrongdoing. But, despite the Administrations intransigence, the House will not stop our investigation, and last week the House Committee on Oversight and Government Reform and the House Committee on Ways and Means released a new video outlining the steps taken so far in the Houses investigation and reiterating to the American people and the Administration that this investigation is far from finished.
Click on the image above to watch the full video and visit
gop.gov/irs
to get more information on the House investigation.
In the District
NAS Whiting Field Military Community Update
I had the distinct privilege of attending the Military Community Update Breakfast at Naval Air Station Whiting Field on Thursday.
This event serves as a great opportunity to celebrate not only the 239th birthday of our great Navy, but also to discuss the strong partnerships enjoyed between Whiting Field and the Northwest Florida community and update interested community members on whats going on at the Naval Air Station.
Additionally, the breakfast allowed us to welcome fleet helicopters to the base for the Fleet Fly-In, as more than 20 military aircraft were on display.
I thank Whiting Field for allowing me to participate in this event, and I thank all members of our military community for their service to our great Nation.
Congressman Miller with Andrew and Rhett Fendley (L-R) (left); Congressman Miller and Commanding Officer of NAS Whiting Field, Captain Matthew F. Coughlin, USN (right)
Navy Federal Credit Union Expands in Pensacola
Photo courtesy of Navy Federal Credit Union
Navy Federal Credit Union brought welcome news last week to the Pensacola area with the announcement of an additional 5,000 new jobs to be created by 2020.
What began with 60 employees in 2003 in the Greater Pensacola area has grown to over 3,800 employees today, and upon completion of their two-phase expansion in Pensacola, that number will exceed 10,000 jobs right here Northwest Florida.
Though some in Washington want to tax credit unions, their misguided high tax philosophy would only hold back economic growth and job creation.
Institutions like Navy Federal show Washington how economic growth really happens.
I enjoyed having the opportunity to participate in Navy Federal's event, and I join the many in Northwest Florida in congratulating Navy Federal on their success and look forward to many more great years to come.
Congressman Miller with Florida State Representative Clay Ingram (District 2); Gary Houston of
Clark Partington and Clark
and outgoing Chairman of the Pensacola Chamber Board of Directors; Escambia County Commissioner and Chairman, Lumon May (District 3); Escambia County Commissioner Grover Robinson, IV (District 4); Escambia County Commissioner Wilson Robertson (District 1); Senior Vice President of Navy Federal, Debbie Caulder; President and Chief Executive Officer of Navy Federal, Cutler Dawson; Florida Governor Rick Scott; Dr. Brice Harris, University of West Florida; Mayor of Pensacola, Ashton Hayward; Escambia County Commissioner and Vice Chairman, Steven Berry (District 5); Santa Rosa County Commissioner Jerry Melvin (District 4); and Florida State Representative Doug Broxton (District 3) (L-R). Photo courtesy of Navy Federal Credit Union.
Constituent Voice
Warrior Care Month
To honor those wounded, ill, and injured servicemembers, we observe November as Warrior Care Month.
In addition to these heroes, we also recognize the fleet of loved onescaregivers, families, friends, and professionalswho support them in a multitude of ways, oftentimes on a daily basis.
As Chairman of the House Committee on Veterans Affairs, Co-Chair of the Congressional Caucus for Military and Veteran Caregivers, and as Congressman of the First District of Florida, I want to thank all of these folks for their continued service to our Nation.
I also invite all Americans to visit the newly-dedicated Veterans Disabled for Life Memorial in Washington, D.C., which provides an opportunity to reflect upon the human cost of freedom, and the eternal hope and tenacity displayed by our wounded warriors.
Diabetes Awareness Month
November is American Diabetes Awareness Month, which helps shed light on a chronic disease that impacts nearly 30 million Americans. Diabetes is already one of the most expensive diseases in the country, with nearly $250 billion spent annually on diabetes care and treatment. What many individuals do not realize is that approximately 7 million people have undiagnosed diabetes today, and more than 80 million are at risk of developing the disease of the next few decades. During November, I encourage you to take a moment to visit the American Diabetes Associations
website
to see what you can to do fight diabetes.
As always, I welcome your comments. To share your thoughts on legislation, votes or issues, please visit
http://jeffmiller.house.gov/
to send an e-mail or call any of my offices.
Thanks,
Jeff
Click Here
to view this email in your browser
Click Here
to be removed from this list