DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.0 Transitional//EN" "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml1/DTD/xhtml1-transitional.dtd"
October 31, 2014
Visit My Website
|
Forward to a Friend
| Find me on:
As part of my offices ongoing commitment to serving our nations veterans, we will host a Veterans Fair on Saturday, November 8, 2014 at the Grapevine Botanical Gardens. The fair starts at 10:00 AM and lasts until 1:00 PM.
I would be honored to have you and your family join us at this free and fun community event in honor of our nations heroes.
When
Saturday, November 8, 2014
10:00 a.m. - 1:00 p.m.
Where
Grapevine Botanical Gardens
411 Ball Street
Grapevine, Texas 76051
Organizations to Attend
Along with me and my staff, over 20 national, state, and local organizations will be on hand at the fair to provide information about the services they offer to veterans and their families:
Allies in Service
American Fallen Soldiers Project
American Legion Post 379
Association of the US Army
DFW National Cemetery
Grace After Fire
Grapevine AMBUCS
Honor Flight
Marine Corps League
Military Order of the World Wars
Navy League
Military Vehicle Club of North Texas
Military Vehicle Preservation Society
Patriot PAWS
Tarrant County Veterans Services
Texas Veterans Commission
Texas Veterans Land Board
Texas Workforce Commission
United Service Organization
VA Regional Office
Veterans of Foreign Wars
Air Force Association
Features &amp; Activities
Special presentations of overdue military decorations to veterans who earned but never received their long-deserved military awards
Military vehicle show
Live music
Free lunch provided for veterans
In addition to the features above, the Wall of Honor will be on site for veterans to add their names. I started the Wall of Honor program in 2011 to bring greater recognition to veterans of the 24th District for their service to our nation.
This year's fair will also include an art exhibition featuring numerous pieces from local artist Phil Taylors
American Fallen Soldiers Project . Since forming the project in 2006, Phil and his team have been honoring our nations fallen soldiers by painting their portraits and delivering the work to their families at no cost.
For more information about this year's fair, please visit my
2014 Veterans Fair website . Should you have any questions, please contact my Irving office at 972-556-0162.
I hope to see you there!
Click the "Like" button and follow me on Facebook to get daily updates on how I am serving you and the 24th District of Texas.
It is an honor to represent you in Washington and I value your input. Please don't hesitate to contact one of my offices or
send me an email .
UPDATE SUBSCRIPTION OPTIONS
|
PRIVACY POLICY
|
CONTACT US
