
OCTOBER IN REVIEW
Dear Friend,
I wanted to tell you about some of the things Ive been working on this past month in the 40th District and in Washington, DC.
First, I want to share some general news and information that might be of interest to you.
Election Day Is Tuesday, November 4th:
If youre a registered voter, be sure to exercise your right to vote at the polls this Tuesday, November 4th.
The ability to vote is one of the most powerful and important responsibilities of citizenship.
Los Angeles County residents can find their polling place by entering their address at
http://www.lavote.net/home/voting-elections/current-elections?polling-location .
Service Academy Applications:
If youre interested in applying to one of our nations military service academies, please visit my Service Academy Nominations webpage at
http://roybal-allard.house.gov/constituentservices/serviceacademynominations.htm .
It contains the information youll need as you consider whether to apply to one of these prestigious institutions.
One of my greatest honors as a Member of Congress is to nominate 40th District students to our nations service academies.
Completed applications for a nomination must be submitted to my office by November 15, 2014, at 5:00 PM.
Job Openings in My Office:
I am currently hiring for Staff Assistant/Caseworker and Field Deputy positions at my District Office in Commerce. You can read the job announcements at
http://roybal-allard.house.gov/uploadedfiles/field_deputy_and_staff_assistant_oct_2014.pdf .
All interested individuals should email a cover letter, resume (including salary history), and writing samples (English and Spanish) to
CA40Resumes@mail.house.gov , or fax these materials to (323) 721-8789.
No phone calls, please.
Social Media:
Im very active on social media, and am nearing 5,000 Facebook followers!
Be sure to follow me on Facebook at
http://www.facebook.com/RepRoybalAllard , and pass the word along to your family and friends so that youll all get the latest news about my work on behalf of the 40th District.
I also encourage everyone to follow me on Twitter at
http://www.twitter.com/RepRoybalAllard , on Instagram at
http://www.instagram.com/RepRoybalAllard , and on YouTube at
http://www.youtube.com/user/RepRoybalAllard .
October in Review:
Here are some highlights of my October work.
I hope you find this informative, and I look forward to seeing you in the District or Washington, DC, very soon.
At Work in Los Angeles:
I joined Vice President Joe Biden, L.A. Mayor Eric Garcetti, local Congressional colleagues, and area business owners (including Charlie Woo of the Commerce-based Megatoys) for a discussion about the importance of raising the minimum wage, both locally and nationally.
In our 40th District alone, 81,000 workers would benefit if we raised the minimum wage to $10.10.
That's why I've been standing shoulder-to-shoulder with my fellow House Democrats in supporting a $10.10 minimum wage.
I hosted House Democratic Whip Steny Hoyer in Vernon for a visit to Red Chamber Co., a seafood company employing 450 people.
I participated in the Commerce Industrial Council Chamber of Commerce breakfast mixer, where I spoke with local business owners about the importance of job creation.
I attended the Service Planning Area (SPA) 7 meeting at East Los Angeles Community College, where I presented a Certificate of Congressional Recognition to my good friend Martha Molina-Aviles for her decades of dedicated service to our communities in Southeast and East Los Angeles County.
I stopped by the Latina Procurement and Small Business Summit at City Club of Los Angeles.
The summit, which was organized by the Los Angeles Latino Chamber of Commerce and The Latino Coalition, gave me an opportunity to hear from inspiring Latina leaders in a variety of industries.
I congratulated the Southern California Resource Services for Independent Living (SCRS-IL) on its 35th anniversary during SCRS-ILs celebration at the Barbara Riley Senior Center in Downey.
I commended SCRS-IL for its success in providing community education and individualized services that empower disabled Southern Californians to reach their personal goals.
During my visit, I toured SCRS-ILs new and improved computer learning center.
I was honored to discover that it has been renamed the Congresswoman Lucille Roybal-Allard Learning Center, in recognition of my advocacy for the disabled community.
I addressed the Women's Club of Huntington Park as part of the club's second annual symposium on domestic violence and sexual assault.
Combating domestic violence has been one of my foremost concerns as a Member of Congress.
I was grateful to the club for organizing this symposium to help raise awareness of our national epidemic of violence against women, and I presented the club's members with a Certificate of Congressional Recognition.
I had a great time talking to local business leaders and government officials at the Vermont Slauson Economic Development Corporations Hispanic Enterprise Business Summit in South L.A.
We spoke about how we can provide our communitys small businesses with the resources and tools they need in order to prosper and create new jobs for local workers.
I was at Wilshire Bank in Huntington Park to help celebrate the branchs 15th anniversary, and presented a Certificate of Congressional Recognition to bank president and CEO J.W. Yoo and senior vice president and branch manager Art Resendez.
I attended the inauguration ceremony for State Senator Kevin de Len, who was sworn in as the California Senates first Latino leader since 1883.
I hosted a workshop at the Downey City Library for local students interested in attending our nations service academies.
Downey Mayor Fernando Vasquez came by to welcome us.
Attendees then heard from representatives from the service academies, including U.S. Military Academy Cadet Jonathan Yi (Class of 2017), from Downey; U.S. Naval Academy Midshipman First Class Jonathan Kim (Class of 2015), from L.A.s Koreatown community; U.S. Air Force Academy Cadet Gilbert Gonzales (Class of 2017), from Commerce; U.S. Coast Guard Academy Partner Dr. Kim Armstrong; and U.S. Air Force Admissions Liaison Officer Lt. Col. Robert Jayme.
I joined local female labor leaders for a special, non-partisan briefing from the League of Women Voters about the state propositions on Californias ballot this year.
I spoke at the Maywood Education Fair, an annual event providing career advice, information on college admissions and aid, and other educational resources for K-12 students and their families.
I had a great time meeting with a lot of local youth, and honoring the fairs organizers.
I attended the Miss Bell Gardens Pageant Social Hour, where I met many smart and charismatic young women and spoke with community leaders in attendance.
I presented ProAmerica Bank Chairwoman of the Board Maria Salinas with the White Memorial Medical Center Charitable Foundations Woman of the Year award at the Foundations gala.
I was also surprised and honored to receive an award myself for my support of White Memorial over the years.
I held a meet-and-greet at South L.A.s All Peoples Community Center, where I had the pleasure of exchanging thoughts and ideas with community members.
I helped cut the ribbon on the Councilman Curren D. Price, Jr. Business Resource Center (BRC) in Council District 9.
The BRC will provide businesses, organizations, and entrepreneurs with the tools, services, and training they need in order to develop and prosper.
I spoke at the opening ceremony, and presented Councilman Price with a Certificate of Congressional Recognition.
I took part in a ribbon-cutting celebration at Marisas Mexican Restaurant in Downey to celebrate the restaurant joining the Downey Chamber of Commerce.
I had a fantastic time meeting with students, staff, and parents at Lucille Roybal-Allard Elementary School in Huntington Park.
Thanks to all
especially Principal Reina Schaffer
for allowing me to visit your wonderful school!
It was a pleasure to attend the fifth and sixth grade Student of the Month assembly and meet with staff and parent volunteers.
I met with local residents and members of the Maravilla Community Advisory Committee.
We chatted about my work to promote local economic development, to reform our immigration system, and to fund our community health centers, among other issues.
I attended the Oldtimers Foundations 50th anniversary celebration in Huntington Park.
Oldtimers has helped thousands of seniors throughout Los Angeles and San Bernadino Counties, serving more than 600,000 meals a year, providing over 800 affordable senior and family housing units, and initiating the first Senior Dial-a-Ride in the area.
I was very pleased to say a few words in praise of Oldtimers fifty years of faithful service to our seniors, and to present the foundations leaders with a Certificate of Congressional Recognition.
I attended the dedication for the City of Commerces Congresswoman Lucille Roybal-Allard Emergency Operations Center (EOC).
I was so honored that Commerce named its new EOC for me!
The facility contains state-of-the-art equipment capable of mounting responses to earthquakes, terrorism events, accidental releases of toxic chemicals, and other crises. Thanks to this EOC, residents and businesses in Commerce and beyond will be able to count on faster and more effective emergency responses to local disasters.
I visited with seniors during a Senior Wellness &amp; Resource Fair at South L.A.s Kilgore Manor Apartments. We discussed the Medicare Prescription Drug Plan open enrollment period, which began on October 15th and runs through December 7th.
I spoke at the grand opening ceremony for Ruths Place, the Coalition for Responsible Community Developments new drop-in center for young adults who are homeless or at risk of becoming homeless. The facility is located at the Broadway Apartments in South L.A.'s Vernon-Central neighborhood, and includes kitchen, shower, computer, laundry, and recreation facilities, as well as health, social, and housing services.
I joined Huntington Park Mayor Rosa Perez and City Councilwoman Ofelia Hernandez for meetings with seniors all across the city.
We spoke to groups of active and civically engaged seniors at Concord Apartments, Seville Gardens, Huntington Plaza, and Casa Bonita.
I enjoyed our discussions about Medicare, immigration reform, senior housing, the value of the vote, and other important issues.
I attended a Communities for a Better Environment meeting in Huntington Park, where I thanked the groups members for their exemplary commitment to environmental justice, and for all of their hard work to protect our southeast communities.
I held a great meeting with Florence-Firestone residents at Roosevelt Park Senior Center.
Our conversation touched on civic engagement, immigration reform, and the needs of the community.
At Work in Washington, DC:
I moderated a terrific panel discussion about Latino health at the Congressional Hispanic Caucus Institute (CHCI) Public Policy Conference.
I spoke about the importance of the Health Equity and Accountability Act (HEAA), a bill I introduced earlier this year to eliminate health disparities across the country.
I was glad to be joined by my friend Rep. Grace F. Napolitano, along with several other speakers from the public and private sectors.
I welcomed the family of Cpl. Moses Lechuga, a World War II hero from Downey, to my Washington office.
Cpl. Lechugas family was in Washington to inter his remains at Arlington National Cemetery.
I presented his family with a Certificate of Congressional Recognition honoring his service to our nation.
I was recognized onstage alongside other current and former members of the Congressional Hispanic Caucus at the CHCI gala.
Later that evening, President Obama spoke to us about his commitment to immigration reform, and promised to take executive action before the end of the year to fix our immigration system.
I am disappointed it has taken this long, but I hope the Administrations action addresses the needs of our immigrant population and recognizes the important role that immigrants have always played in making America a stronger and more prosperous nation.
I joined my fellow Democrats on the House Labor-HHS-Education Appropriations Subcommittee in sending letters to the Subcommittee Chairman and the Chairman of the full Appropriations Committee, in which we requested a hearing to examine the threats Ebola and Enterovirus D68 pose to our nation.
When the full Congress returns in mid-November, we will need to make timely decisions about the funding levels our public health agencies require to keep Americans safe from these viruses.
That is why our Subcommittee needs to hold a hearing on Ebola and Enterovirus D68 before the full Congress returns.
As the chair of the Congressional Womens Working Group on Immigration Reform, I took part in a press conference criticizing federal immigration authorities incarceration of mothers and children who fled violence in Central America.
I denounced the inhumane conditions and mistreatment of women inside the Department of Homeland Securitys new family detention centers, and specifically called for a complete and independent investigation of allegations of sexual abuse of migrant women at the Karnes County Family Residential Center in Texas.
Its tragic and completely unacceptable that women who fled their homes to escape sexual assault and domestic violence have suffered abuse in our governments custody.
We can address the humanitarian situation at our border without endangering these vulnerable women or compromising our most basic American values.
Sincerely,
Washington, D.C., Office
2330 Rayburn HOB
Washington, DC 20515
Phone: (202) 225-1766
Fax: (202) 226-0350
District Office
500 Citadel Drive, Suite 320
Commerce, CA 90040
Phone: (323) 721-8790
Fax: (323) 721-8789
WEBSITE
|
UNSUBSCRIBE
|
CONTACT
Click Here Click Here