
Can't see the pictures? Select "Always display images" or
view this message in your browser
Saluting Our Soldiers
November 7, 2014
Share This
Email On:
Twitter
Facebook
Saluting Our Soldiers
Veterans Day is an opportunity for Americans to salute the indomitable courage and selfless sacrifice of the heroes who have served our nation in uniform.
On this important holiday, we gather together across the nation to honor their sacrifice and to remember that every day our country is safe is a day our veterans made possible.
The brave men and women of the Army, Navy, Air Force, Marines, Coast Guard, and National Guard have fought for liberty around the world and sustained our freedom and democracy here at home.
As they transition to civilian life, we must rededicate ourselves to serving them as well as they have served us &ndash; never forgetting the service of our military families or the tireless loyalty of our caregivers.
We must ensure that our veterans can rely on good-paying jobs, affordable housing, and quality, timely health care.
We must honor every
veteran , every day.
On behalf of a grateful nation, we salute our veterans&rsquo; strength and service.
Let us renew our vow to fight to ensure they get the benefits, resources and support they deserve.
On this Veterans Day, let us reaffirm our basic pledge: that just as our soldiers leave no one behind on the battlefield, we must never leave our veterans behind at home.
To follow Congresswoman Nancy Pelosi on Twitter, please
click here .
Get Covered, California!
Open enrollment for 2015 health insurance plans through Covered California begins on November 15th, 2014 and ends February 15th, 2015.
Covered California is establishing
a bright and healthy future
for the Golden State as our health exchange continues to
lead the way
in the nation. During last year&rsquo;s open enrollment period, more than one million Californians enrolled in health care plans through the Covered California Marketplace and this year, Californians have even
more health care options
with low rates to choose from. To
find out more
about this year&rsquo;s open enrollment, you can visit the
Covered California website
and utilize the
Shop and Compare Tool for 2015
to find the plan that best suits your needs and your budget.
Medicare Enrollment
The Medicare Open Enrollment period is now open and ends on December 7th, 2014. During this time, Medicare beneficiaries can add, drop or change their coverage. Please visit the
Medicare website
to review and compare your coverage options. You can also call 1-800-MEDICARE to make changes to your existing coverage.
Please feel free to
forward this information to your family and friends . To learn more about these efforts, to express your views, or to sign up for email updates,
please visit my website . I am also on
Twitter at http://twitter.com/NancyPelosi .
best regards,
This mailing was prepared, published and mailed at taxpayer expense
Unsubscribe
Washington, DC
235 Cannon HOB
Washington, D.C. 20515
Phone: (202) 225-4965
Map it!
District Office
90 7th Street, Suite 2-800
San Francisco, CA 94103
Phone: (415) 556-4862
Map it!
Click Here
to be removed from this list
