
E-news Sign-up
Tuesday November 4,2014
WEBSITE
|
FORWARD TO A FRIEND
| SHARE ON:
Get America Working Again
One thing we each have in common is our responsibility to get up each day and provide for our families. We have to put food on the table, provide clothing and shelter, and make sure our children are getting everything they need to be successful. This is no easy task, and in order to meet these daily obligations Americans need a stable economy and good jobs. Unfortunately this is not the case today, and Americans are struggling.
In the House we have continuously passed bills that would create positive economic impacts on our local communities and lessen burdens on average Americansfrom allowing individuals to take home more of their paycheck to lowering gas prices. Over
40
of these House-passed bills to create jobs and offer relief to every day hard working citizens are now stuck in the Senate. In all, there are
387
House-passed bills sitting in the Senate awaiting a vote. Harry Reid has stated time and time again that he will ensure that many of these bills
NEVER
make it the Senate floor for a vote.
Why wont Harry Reid allow the Senate to vote on policies that help struggling Americans?
Like most, this both baffles and infuriates me. We need strong conservative leadership in Congress that is willing to stand up for the working-class. We need leaders who care about American citizens enough to put people before politics and replace old, failed policies with new, common-sense reforms. We need leaders who want to cut red tape and bureaucracy and
get America working again.
The fact is:
62% of Americans say the cost of basic household items such as gas
and groceries has stressed their finances this year more than last year.
Over 9 million Americans are still looking for work, while
7.1 million had to settle for part-time work.
57% of Americans don't approve of President Obama's
economic policies.
The presidents economic policies
have failed . Americans and their families deserve better. Its time for a Congress that is willing and prepared to lead our nation down a path to a prosperous future.
As always, I will continue fighting to provide a stable economy, create jobs, and improve the lives of South Mississippians and their families. I look forward to working with my colleagues in Congress who share those conservative values of
faith, family, and freedom .
In Your Service,
Steven M. Palazzo
Member of Congress
###
NOTE: Please DO NOT respond to this email as this inbox is unattended. To contact my office please
click here
UNSUBSCRIBE
|
PRIVACY POLICY
|
CONTACT US
Click Here Click Here