
Monday Nov. 24, 2014
WEBSITE
|
FORWARD TO A FRIEND
| SHARE ON:
Dear Friend,
Here is a quick update on my fight to increase transparency in Washington, D.C.
Congressman Massie to Spearhead 'Audit the Fed' Legislation Next Congress
The Federal Reserve Transparency Act is here to stay. Georgia Congressman Paul Broun, who introduced the Federal Reserve Transparency Act of 2013 and is retiring at the end of this year, has asked me to take ownership of the bill in the next Congress. I look forward to leading this effort in the House.
The American public needs more insight into the practices of the Federal Reserve. Behind closed doors, the Fed crafts monetary policy that will continue to devalue our currency, slow economic growth, and make life harder for the poor and middle class.
It is time to force the Federal Reserve to operate by the same standards of transparency and accountability to the taxpayers that we should demand of all government agencies.
Though the House passed Congressman Broun's 'Audit the Fed' bill 333-92 in September, Senator Reid has yet to allow a vote in the Senate. I am confident that our chances of passing this bill in both chambers will improve next Congress.
Read more
here , and watch my floor speech in support of the Federal Reserve Transparency Act
here .
Massie Opposes EPA Regulations that Use "Secret" Science
On Wednesday, November 19th, I spoke in favor of Arizona Congressman David Schweikert's Secret Science Reform Act, a bill to prohibit the EPA from proposing new regulations based upon science that is neither transparent nor reproducible.
The EPA's burdensome regulations affect the everyday lives of the American people, yet the public cannot access the science and data that led to these regulations.
At MIT we were taught, and we learned very well, that transparency and reproducibility are the basic tenets of science. I think that the American people would be better served with access to this data.
The Secret Science Reform Act of 2014 (H.R. 4012) passed the House, 237-190.
Click on the photo above to watch my
floor speech .
You can count on me to continue the fight for greater transparency and accountability in Washington.
Thank you for reading!
In Liberty,
Thomas Massie
CONNECT
LATEST NEWS
Audit the Fed to make comeback next year
Audit the Fed is back, but it will take renewed pressure from conservatives to pass
Republicans call for more scrutiny of Fed
NOTE: Please DO NOT respond to this email as this inbox is unattended. To contact my office please
click here
UPDATE SUBSCRIPTION OPTIONS
|
PRIVACY POLICY
|
CONTACT US
