
RAND'S NEWSLETTER UPDATE
NOVEMBER 21, 2014
Happy Thanksgiving! With the season upon us, please pause for a moment to reflect, remember and appreciate how special our country is and how important it is that we secure its greatness for future generations of Americans.
I am thankful every day for my wife Kelley, my sons William, Duncan and Robert and all of my family and friends who bless my life. I am thankful to have the honor to fight for the people of Kentucky and for the causes I believe in as a U.S. Senator from Kentucky. I am thankful for America. I am thankful for this great nation that acts as a beacon of hope for those that are oppressed throughout the world.
This Thanksgiving, I am Thankful For...
I am thankful that Missy Paul is safe. Missy was kidnapped by Boko Haram and survived a harrowing ordeal in which her school was burned to the ground in Nigeria. Missy is a survivor. She survived the kidnapping and the deaths of her friends. She survived as a Christian amidst the chaos of religious extremism so intolerant it would rape, savage, and butcher people of another faith.
Amidst so much violence, hatred, and cruelty, miracles do occur. Einstein wrote that you have a choice-you can view life as if miracles are everywhere, or as if they are nowhere. I choose to acknowledge the miracles and truly believe that if we allow ourselves to be blinded by conflict and carnage, we will miss the God-given goodness that surrounds us.
Evil can and is overcome every minute of every day. If we paid more attention to the hope that emanates from the tentative smile of Missy Paul, maybe then, evil would begin to lose its grip. As my time with Missy Paul came to an end, I told her, "We share the same last name. We must be relatives." I smiled, "I want you to know that in America, you have a relative and you can count on me if you ever need help." This year, I am most thankful for Missy's safety and her promising future.
Click
HERE
to read my entire Op-Ed in Time Magazine.
(Dr. Rand and Kelley Paul with Missy Paul - November 13, 2014)
Now, please allow me to update you on this week's happenings in Washington, D.C.
Dr. Rand Paul Responds to Attacks in Israel
On Tuesday, I issued a statement in response to the brutal attack that took place in a Jerusalem synagogue, resulting in the death of three Americans.
I am deeply saddened and alarmed by the attacks that took place early this morning in Israel. These men of faith were cruelly murdered as they were worshiping in their synagogue in Har Nof.
I vow to Stand with Israel and I will continue to do all I can to protect Americans at home and abroad. This is a horrific act of violence that should be universally condemned. We must demand that Palestinian leaders stop the incitement, which they have committed in word and in deed. My thoughts and prayers are with the people of Israel. Click
HERE
to read my entire statement.
Dr. Rand Paul Blocks the Renewal of Patriot Act
Later on Tuesday, I voted against further consideration of the USA Freedom Act as it currently extends key provisions of the Patriot Act until 2017.
In doing so, I led the charge against the Patriot Act extension.
In the aftermath of the Sept. 11 terrorist attacks, Americans were eager to catch and punish the terrorists who attacked us. I, like most Americans, demanded justice. But one common misconception is that the Patriot Act applies only to foreigners-when in reality, the Patriot Act was instituted precisely to widen the surveillance laws to include U.S. citizens.
As Benjamin Franklin put it, 'those who trade their liberty for security may wind up with neither.' Today's vote to oppose further consideration of the Patriot Act extension proves that we are one step closer to restoring civil liberties in America. Click
HERE
to read my statement.
Dr. Rand Paul, Sen. McConnell, and Rep. Whitfield on Army Aviation Force Restructure Announcement
On Thursday, Senators Mitch McConnell, Congressman Ed Whitfield, and I released a
statement regarding the Department of Defense announcing its Army Aviation Force Restructure removing the 159th Combat Aviation "Thunder" Brigade from Fort Campbell Army Base.
We are deeply disappointed by the Obama administration's decision to remove the 159th CAB from Fort Campbell.
It is bad news for our nation's security and for the local Fort Campbell community.
Our military's readiness and national security must remain the highest priority for the American people, and for Fort Campbell's troops and families in the great Commonwealth of Kentucky.
We believe that cuts need to be made in places other than deployable troops as a means to make smart cuts to government spending. We also must not allow our number of troops to fall to the dangerously low levels being sought by the Obama Administration, especially at a time of increasing instability in the world.
Click
HERE
to read my statement.
Dr. Rand Paul Issues Statement on the President's Abuse of Executive Amnesty
Also on Thursday, I responded to President Obama's decision to implement immigration reform through the use of executive action.
President Obama is not above the law and has no right to issue Executive Amnesty. His actions blatantly ignore the Separations of Powers and the principles our country was founded on. The President has said 22 times previously that he does not have the power to legislate on immigration.
I believe that immigration reform is needed, however for true and effective reform, we must first secure the border. I will not sit idly by and let the President bypass Congress and our Constitution.
Click
HERE
to read my entire statement.
Media Wrap-Up
This week, I appeared on Fox's
Hannity
and
On the Record with Greta Van Susteren , and HBO's
Real Time with Bill Maher . I spoke with several radio stations across the country, as well as stations in Kentucky including Greg Dunker from WKYX.
Have An Issue Or Concern?
If you are a Kentucky resident and need assistance with a federal agency or concern, feel free to contact the Bowling Green office (270-782-8303) to have a discussion with the appropriate staff member.
Stay in Touch with Sen. Paul's Social Media
You can find updates on what I'm doing by visiting my Senate website,
www.paul.senate.gov
and you can follow my official Google+ account
HERE . You can also subscribe to my YouTube channel
HERE . Don't forget to become a fan of my
official Facebook page
and my
official Instagram page
for other timely updates.
Warm Regards,
To unsubscribe from Rand's newsletter, please visit the
unsubscribe page
