
Miller Newsletter
November 16, 2014
Washington Update
Keystone XL
The American people delivered a clear message on Election Day, and in the House we are not wasting any time moving forward with the conservative solutions that the American people expect, beginning by passing H.R. 5682,
To Approve the Keystone XL Pipeline,
last week.
Approving construction of the Keystone XL pipeline, which is supported by a substantial majority of the American people, is a commonsense way to reduce our Nations dependence on Middle East oil, while also providing an immediate positive impact to the American Economy.
All told, Keystone XL will transport approximately 830,000 barrels of oil per day into this country from Canada, bring an estimated $7 billion in direct investment, and create 42,000 direct and indirect jobs.
For more than six years, the Administration has dragged its feet on Keystone XL.
In that time, when we could have been building the pipeline, multiple environmental impact studies have been completed, affirming that the project is safe, will have limited environmental impact, and will in fact be the worlds most advanced pipeline in terms of safety mechanisms.
Passage of H.R. 5682,
T o Approve the Keystone XL Pipeline , which I cosponsored, is not the first time that the House has passed legislation to get Keystone XL off the ground; however, it is a clear indication that we will not stop advancing a pro-growth legislative agenda until these important items are signed into law by the President.
House Armed Services Hearing on the Administration's ISIL Strategy
Last week Secretary of Defense Chuck Hagel and Chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff, General Martin Dempsey testified before the House Armed Services Committee (HASC) on the Presidents strategy in fighting the Islamic State in Iraq and the Levant (ISIL).
President Obama and the White House National Security Team have repeatedly mismanaged the threat posed by ISIL, and I hoped this would have been an opportunity to get clarification on how they intend on meeting their goal of destroying this incessant terrorist organization.
Unfortunately, it was not very reassuring that Secretary Hagel and General Dempsey seemed unaware the Administrations National Security Team was in the process of changing their strategy with Syria.
This is not surprising, however, as even the President initially requested to repeal the Authorization to Use Military Force (AUMF) against Al Qaeda and its affiliatesthe same AUMF being used as justification for the growing mission and airstrikes against ISIL.
In July 2014, the Presidents National Security Advisor, Susan Rice, stated that the Iraq AUMF is no longer used for any U.S. government activities and the Administration fully supports its repeal. Such a repeal would go much further in giving the American people confidence that ground forces will not be sent into combat in Iraq.
However, this request was never reviewed by the Department of Defense and runs counter to the Administrations current interpretation of the existing AUMF.
This last year has been replete with the just-in-time, half-measures and mixed messages taken by the President to combat ISIL.
If the President and Congress are serious about defeating ISIL, then the Congress needs to approve a new AUMF to specifically and legally cover the fight against ISIL.
The history of the last half century shows us incremental augmentations of war without a clear strategic view can lead to painful and costly lessons.
Adding to the danger, failing to clearly signal to both our allies and enemies what America will or will not stand for can also lead to catastrophic miscalculations by all entities involved.
In light of the fall of important Iraqi cities; repeated warnings from the intelligence community and CENTCOM Commanders; the brutality and adept messaging shown by ISIL; and the interjection of Iranian influence in Iraqs current government; I am steadfast in affirming ISIL as a threat to our national security.
When the President revealed his initial ISIL strategy to build regional coalitions and support efforts against ISIL, I was very optimistic.
However, my confidence in the Administration to address the threat diminishes every day.
For example, in the HASC hearing last week, it was pointed out that we still have no Status of Forces Agreement with the Iraqi government, protecting our troops stationed in Iraq fighting ISIL.
Having no such agreement was the justification the President used to withdraw troops from Iraq creating the vacuum that helped create ISIL.
The request to train and equip poorly scrutinized and vetted Syrian forces was not originally coordinated with the Department of Defense, and I voted against the authorization in the House.
I hope the President listens to the advice of military experts more so than his political advisors because our allies and adversaries in the Middle East, and across the globe, are watching.
Waters of the United States Rule
Another area where the Administration has sought to expand their reach far beyond its proper bounds is through their so-called Waters of the United States rule, which would redefine the federal governments authority to regulate our Nations waters under the Clean Water Act.
Under this rule, EPAs authority would be so broad that virtually any piece of land with any amount of water on it could conceivably be subject to regulationforcing everyone from farmers to homeowners to small businesses to comply with a new maze of regulations.
I have consistently opposed this rule since it was first released in March 2014, and I cosponsored and voted for legislation, the
Waters of the United States Regulatory Overreach Protection Act of 2014 , which would prohibit the Administration from developing, finalizing, adopting, implementing, applying, administering, or enforcing either their proposed Waters of the United States rule, or using it as a basis for any future rulemaking.
Most recently, I and several of my colleagues sent a letter to EPA calling on them to extend the comment period for this proposed rule for another 90 days beyond its initial closing date of Friday November, 14.
With the potentially massive scope of this rule, it is only right that EPA allow for all stakeholders to weigh in on it.
Regardless of EPAs response to this letter, however, I will continue to fight against the rule, as well as any other attempts by the EPA to increase their already bloated regulatory bureaucracy.
Meeting with Captain Michael Taylor
I had the privilege of sitting down with Captain Michael Taylor, a Captain in the U.S. Army and a constituent of the First Congressional District of Florida. He is currently participating in the Chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff internship program while pursuing a Masters Degree of Policy Management at Georgetown University. We discussed the challenges and rewards of leadership, issues within the Department of Veterans Affairs, and how to apply life lessons to best carry out responsibilities in leadership roles. I was very impressed with Mr. Taylor, I wish him continued success in what is sure to be a very successful career, and I thank him for his continued service to our great Nation.
Congressman visiting with Captain Michael Taylor
Veterans Corner
Firing of VA Pittsburgh Director Two Years After Deadly Disease Outbreak
The Department of Veterans Affairs (VA) announced that VA Pittsburgh Healthcare System Director Terry Gerigk Wolf has been fired.
Given that Wolfs firing comes two years after the VA Pittsburgh Healthcare System Legionnaires disease outbreak ended, its obvious VA had no interest in holding her accountable initially and was only driven to this point after intense congressional and media scrutiny. Still, this action falls fall short of whats needed to provide closure to the veterans and families struck by an outbreak that VA failed to stop and actively hid from the public. Though VA is finally holding someone accountable, we must also remember that the department has rewarded other central figures in the outbreak. Wolfs boss collected a $63,000 bonus days after the Inspector General attributed the outbreak to mismanagement, and VA recently promoted Wolfs deputy even though internal emails provide smoking-gun evidence he tried to hide the outbreak from the public. Though Wolfs removal is a positive step, VA still has a lot to learn about honesty, integrity and accountability, and this action doesnt change that fact.
Department of Veterans Affairs Announces Plan for Organizational Restructuring
The Department of Veterans Affairs announced its plan for organizational restructuring.
While new plans, initiatives and organizational structures are all well and good, they will not produce their intended results until VA rids itself of the employees who have shaken veterans trust in the system. The fact is that the majority of those who caused the VA scandal are still on the department payroll. Im disappointed that instead of fully embracing the new firing authorities Congress gave VA as part of the
Veterans Access, Choice and Accountability Act , the department has shied away from them and even added more bureaucratic red tape, such as additional appeals and interminable stints on paid leave. No one doubts that reforming VA is a tough job. But getting rid of failed executives should be the easiest part
not the most difficult.
Hearing to Assess the Implementation of the Veterans Access, Choice and Accountability Act of 2014
The House Committee on Veterans Affairs held a hearing last week to thoroughly examine VAs implementation of the
Veterans Access, Choice and Accountability Act of 2014
to ensure it is being implemented the way Congress and the president intended.
The
Veterans Access, Choice and Accountability Act
(VACAA) sailed through Congress with near-unanimous support and was signed by President Obama August 7, 2014. The law was passed in response to a massive scandal in which corrupt VA bureaucrats lied about medical care wait times in order to secure bonuses for themselves. Though VACAA includes landmark civil service reforms that President Obama, himself, has said provide VA the authority to quickly fire failed senior leaders, VA has only fired two executives in the wake of its six-month-old wait times scandal. In fact, the scandals central figure, Phoenix VA Health Care System Director Sharon Helman, remains on paid leave collecting a salary of nearly $170,000 per year even though the Department of Justice has said it doesnt mind if Helman is fired.
The legislation also requires VA to set up a choice program offering non-VA medical care to veterans who are unable to get an appointment at a VA medical facility within 30 days or who reside 40 miles or more from the nearest VA medical facility, with certain exceptions.
Though the law provided VA with $10 billion in additional funding to implement the choice program and $5 billion to increase access to VA medical care by hiring health care workers and improving department infrastructure, department officials have already said they need even more money. Given that VA has yet to present a detailed plan for how it will spend the $5 billion and the fact that VA has carried over hundreds of millions in unspent medical care funding from one year to the next every fiscal year since 2010, it is still unclear how any additional VA funding would be spent.
To view the hearing, click on the image below.
Click on the image above to view the November 13 House Committee on Veterans' Affairs Full Committee Hearing.
Start at 17:53.
In the News
Administration Announces New Emissions Targets
Rather than focusing on the American peoples biggest priority, which is getting our economy back in gear and creating jobs, President Obama chose to expand his job-killing regulatory regime last week, announcing new emissions targets to cut greenhouse gas emissions by 26-28 percent by 2025. The Presidents excessive regulations are already hamstringing American companies and making life more expensive for hard-working American families, and that is why House Republicans have consistently advanced legislation to rein in the EPA and other federal agencies. This Congress, the House has passed legislation to cut back on excessive red tape that is holding up key energy projects, stop the Presidents War on Coal, and require Congressional approval for any regulation that could have a significant impact on our economy. Moving forward, I will continue to work with my colleagues to promote commonsense policies that cut back on excessive regulations and make life easier and more prosperous for the American people.
Miller Media Clips
To read some recent press clips highlighting my work on behalf of Florida's First
Congressional District and our Nations veterans and servicemembers, click on the links below:
VA fires Pittsburgh hospital network's director
VA construction delays cost taypayers millions, probe finds
New Bill Targets the Pensions of Misbehaving VA Employees
Miller to VA: Im perplexed and disappointed by the slow pace of reform
VA fires Pittsburgh hospital network's director
Jeff Miller Wary as Foot-Dragging VA Promises More Reforms
DeFuniak Springs Residents Honor Local Veterans
Jeff Miller Skeptical on Latest Round of VA Reforms
VA restructuring plan draws virtually no outside enthusiasm
Lawmaker warns against letting Obama draw GOP into impeachment fight
Milton Honors Veterans with Parade
King Middle School holds veterans appreciation breakfast
Constituent Voice
I continue to hear from constituents throughout the First Congressional District opposing the President's reported plans to implement a unilateral amnesty program through executive action.
Doing so would be unlawful, as it is the role of the Congress to establish our Nations immigration laws, and the Presidents job to enforce those laws.
One of the ways in which we can ensure the will of the people remains most represented is through Congress power of the purse.
As such, I have joined several of my colleagues in sending a letter to the House Appropriations Committee requesting language in upcoming legislation that would prohibit funding for the Presidents intentions to create work permits and green cards for undocumented immigrants currently in the United States.
Illegal immigrationlike all issuesis one that must be addressed through the appropriate, and lawful, channels.
In the District
City of DeFuniak Springs Veterans Day Celebration
While we thank and support all of our veterans 365 days a year, November 11th provides us an opportunity to come together as a Nation and truly show those who have worn the uniform a gratitude which can never fully be achieved.
The First District of Florida boasts the largest number of veterans of any Congressional district, and I was humbled and honored to recognize all the veterans right here at home at the Defuniak Springs Airport.
I have an extremely important job as Chairman of the House Committee on Veterans Affairs, but caring for our veterans, military members and their families is not something that can be accomplished through government programs alone.
Northwest Florida is a model for community support toward our veterans and servicemembers, as our area possesses a deep understanding of the needs of the American Warrior.
I want to thank all who took part in the event, and most of all I want to thank all of our veterans for their steadfast service to our great Nation.
Congressman speaking at the 2014 City of DeFuniak Springs Veterans Day Celebration
Happy Birthday U.S. Marine Corps!
Two Hundred Thirty-Nine years ago, on November 10, 1775, the United States Marine Corps was established by the Continental Congress. From the original two battalions, the Marine Corps has emerged as a force of fierce warriors whose traditions and abilities have proven invaluable in amphibious, expeditionary, and air warfare.
The celebrated history of the Marine Corps thoroughly illustrates an unwavering commitment and reverence for core values and tradition. Embodied in their esprit de corps, the Marines are one of our country's most valuable defense assets we have today.
From Belleau Wood, to Iwo Jima, to the recent Battle for Fallujah, Marines have never faltered.
Those who are fortunate to wear the Eagle Globe and Anchor represent our Nations finest leaders and proudly espouse the motto Semper Fidelis. I wish the brave men and women of the Marine Corps at home and abroad a very sincere happy birthday.
In this celebration of their birthday, we also take a moment to bow our heads in honor of our Nation's fallen Marines; may their sacrifice never be forgotten.
Semper Fi!
As always, I welcome your comments. To share your thoughts on legislation, votes or issues, please visit http://jeffmiller.house.gov/ to send an e-mail or call any of my offices.
Thanks,
Jeff
Click Here
to view this email in your browser
Click Here
to be removed from this list