DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.0 Transitional//EN" "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml1/DTD/xhtml1-transitional.dtd"
District Update | December 5, 2014
Click here
if you have trouble viewing this email
Dear Friends,
Americans with disabilities face incredible challenges every day and saving for the future shouldnt be one of them. That's why I'm happy to update you on the Achieving a Better Life Experience (ABLE) Act, a piece of legislation that passed the House of Representatives this week with a record level of support.
The ABLE Act aims to provide disabled individuals the financial independence to earn a paycheck and save their wages, rights that all Americans deserve. The
ABLE Act
would ease the financial burden for individuals with disabilities by creating tax-free accounts that can be used to save for disability-related expenses. These accounts can be created by individuals to support themselves or by families to support their dependents. Expenses would qualify as disability-related if they are for the benefit of an individual with a disability and are related to the disability. They include education, housing, transportation, employment support, health, and wellness costs, as well as costs related to assistive technology and personal support services.
Currently, people with disabilities can lose access to federal programs such as Medicaid or Supplemental Security Income once they establish a certain level of savings. For those eligible, the ABLE Act could mean a more independent life, making it easier to prepare for future financial needs.
I cosponsored the ABLE Act on November 18, 2013, and voted for its passage earlier this week. There's similar pending legislation in the Senate that has significant bipartisan support. I'm going to urge my colleagues to move this bill quickly so it can head to the President's desk for his signature. I'll be sure to keep you updated moving forward.
Sincerely,
Representative Ed Royce
News for Nov. 28 - Dec. 5, 2014
Chairman Royce to Convene Hearing on the Fight Against ISIS
Rep. Royce, Chairman of the House Foreign Affairs Committee, announced the Committee will convene a hearing to examine the Administrations progress combating ISIS.
The hearing, entitled
Countering ISIS: Are We Making Progress?
will take place on Wednesday, December 10. He issued the following statement with the announcement:
"It has been six months since the fall of Mosul, and ISIS continues to control roughly the same amount of territory in Iraq and Syria.
The countries in this region are being dangerously destabilized as millions of people have been displaced and thousands of others slaughtered by this terrorist army.
Meanwhile, ISIS has recruited thousands of foreign fighters and encourages sympathizers to carry-out attacks across the globe, including against civilians and military personnel here in the U.S.
This hearing will provide Committee members an opportunity to question the Obama Administration on the progress of the anti-ISIS effort, including the coalition air campaign, support of U.S. partners on the ground, policies toward hostile regimes, as well as the Administration's plans to deal with a worsening humanitarian disaster across the region."
Team Royce Seeking Spring 2015 Interns
Rep. Royce's D.C., Brea, and Rowland Heights offices offer internship opportunities for college students and recent graduates. Interns complete legislative research, attend Congressional hearings or events in the district, answer phones, read mail, and much more. All three offices are currently accepting applications for
Spring 2015 , apply
here .
Burial Delays Prompt Push for VA Oversight
A bill aimed at decreasing recent delays in veteran burials by giving Congress new VA oversight got a push forward from lawmakers recently.
A Senate version of the bill requiring the VA to report any burial delays longer than 30 days was introduced by Sen. Dean Heller, R-Nev., following a filing earlier this year in the House, which boosted the odds Congress may act to pass the new reporting rules before the end of the year.
Reports have sprung up around the country that deceased vets are waiting months to be interred in the Department of Veterans Affairs system of national cemeteries.
This legislation will keep the VA accountable for ensuring every veteran receives a proper burial in a timely manner, Heller said in a joint released statement with Rep. Ed Royce, R-Calif., the House sponsor.
Under the bill, the VA would be required to track and record any burials not completed within a month as well as the names of the entities that are responsible for the bodies, including local medical examiners, funeral directors, and county service groups.
Over the past year, there have been media reports of long delays for deceased veterans at facilities in California and elsewhere. Royce cited a May
report by the Los Angeles Times
that 52 unclaimed veteran bodies had accumulated in the Los Angeles County morgue in his home state.
While the quality of the healthcare that veterans receive has been in the news lately, our veterans deserve the same attention when it comes to their burials, Royce said in the statement.
Read the full article here
D.C. Office Address Change
Please note, Rep. Royce's Washington office location has changed. The new address is:
2310 Rayburn House Office Building
Washington, D.C.
20515
(202) 225-4111
Visiting our nation's capital? Team Royce would love to set up tours for you and your family. Click
here
for scheduling.
CONNECT
Facebook
Youtube
ORANGE COUNTY OFFICE
210 W. Birch Street, Ste 201
Brea, CA 92821
T (714) 255-0101
LOS ANGELES COUNTY OFFICE
1380 S. Fullerton Road, Suite 205
Rowland Heights, CA 91748
T (626) 964-5123
WASHINGTON, DC OFFICE
2310 Rayburn House Office Building
Washington, DC 20515
T (202) 225-4111
UPDATE SUBSCRIPTION OPTIONS
|
PRIVACY POLICY
|
CONTACT US
Click Here Click Here