
David,
Thank you!
Yesterday&rsquo;s result was not what we hoped for, but I&rsquo;m so thankful for the support of everyone who stepped forward to help me. And though we fell short of our goal, we came incredibly close, and we fought incredibly hard the entire way.
I&rsquo;m extremely proud and humbled by the campaign we ran, and by every single person who was a part of it. I will rest easy knowing that we did everything we could.
But the goal of this campaign wasn&rsquo;t about earning some title, or to fulfill some lifelong political ambition. It was about keeping the promises and commitments we made to generations past, present and future.
It was about rebuilding our middle class and growing our economy to the benefit of all of us. It was about strengthening Medicare and Social Security, continuing to work on health care, protecting every woman&rsquo;s right to choose, and protecting our environment now and in the future.
So this election is not the end. These issues aren&rsquo;t going away. Beginning tomorrow, we pick up the pieces and return to the front lines, fighting for the middle class, for equal rights, and for the promise that our kids will have it better than we did.
So again, thank you for being a part of Team Brad. I am forever grateful for your trust and confidence. Representing Illinois&rsquo;s 10th Congressional District was truly the highest honor and greatest responsibility of my life. I could not have had that privilege without you.
Thank you.
Brad Schneider
Paid for by Schneider for Congress Schneider for Congress, PO Box 1318, Deerfield IL 60015
This message was sent to: dj724530@gmail.com | Change or update your email address by
clicking here .
We believe that emails are a crucial way for our campaign to stay in touch with supporters like you. However, if you'd prefer to take a break from emails,
click here . If you'd just like to receive fewer emails, you can
click here .
Our campaign is powered by supporters like you. Your grassroots support is critical to helping Brad fight back against right-wing attacks.
If you&rsquo;d still like to unsubscribe from our emails,
click here .
If you'd like to donate to our campaign, please
click here .
Thanks for having Brad's back!
