
As Veterans Day approches next Tuesday, please take a moment to thank the veterans in your life. Here's what I've been up to recently to ensure our veterans receive the recognition and assistance they deserve. You can also watch my Veterans Day address
here .
Working For Those Who Served
Earlier this year, I voted for a
bipartisan funding measure
to give veterans flexibility on where they receive medical care. This legislation, introduced by Senator Bernie Sanders (I-Vt.) and Representative Jeff Miller (R-Fla.) ensures that veterans are first in line for the best quality medical care in the world. This is a good step towards tackling the serious management problems at the VA, reducing wait times for care, and restoring accountability. Our veterans deserve solutions, not more partisanship in Washington.
Our active duty military and veterans have made great sacrifices in service to the United States, and they deserve to be cared for when also struggling with mental health issues.
In August, I joined
Representative Glenn "GT" Thompson
(R-Pa.) for a roundtable at the
Pennsylvania Military Museum
in Boalsburg to discuss efforts to improve mental health services and suicide prevention for our service members.
You can read more about my visit in the
Centre Daily Times . (Photo courtesy Nabil K. Mark, Centre Daily Times)
Helping Veterans Find Good Jobs
I am working with my Democratic colleague Senator Joe Manchin of West Virginia to restore federal employment and job training services for America's veterans.
In September, we introduced the bipartisan
Protect Veterans Employment &amp; Training Services Act - - or
Protect VETS Act - - to ensure that veterans continue to have access to specialized job assistance coaches. These coaches work with businesses to develop job opportunities for veterans, and they help veterans find work -- especially disabled veterans with different employment needs.
I cannot understand why this job assistance program has been cut when veterans face an unemployment rate higher than the national average. Our veterans put their life on the line for our country. The least we can do is ensure they are not denied the job services they deserve.
In August, I visited Montgomery County for a question and answer session with local vets to hear about challenges and opportunities in finding a job. I also learned from employers about how Congress can help improve the job climate in Pennsylvania and ease veterans' transitions.
You can read more about my efforts in the
Pittsburgh Tribune Review .
A Momentous Occasion
The
Veterans of Foreign Wars
(VFW) recently celebrated its 100 th
anniversary. I commend its members for their courage and sacrifice in service to the United States and their steadfast support of and dedication to all veterans.
Our veterans deserve our unwavering support and appreciation for their service. I am grateful to the VFW for its century of support to soldiers, sailors, airmen, Marines, and Coast Guard members. The VFW helps veterans and their families across the country and right here in Pennsylvania.
I hope all Americans join me in expressing appreciation for all the VFW has done and continues to do.
Reducing The Backlog
I participated in a bipartisan Senate VA Backlog Working Group Roundtable meeting with Senator Bob Casey in the U.S. Capitol not long ago. We are working to reduce the backlog at the U.S. Department of Veterans Affairs and improve the system.
It was helpful to hear directly from veterans, veteran service organizations and VA personnel about how we can improve health care for those who served.
More Work Remains
Pennsylvania has a long history of honoring its veterans. In fact, many consider Boalsburg to be the birthplace of Memorial Day. In this spirit, I strive to do all I can to help the men and women who fought to defend this country.
Earlier this year, the American people unfortunately learned about serious problems at the VA. I was glad that Congress took action to help address these concerns, and I was pleased to support bipartisan legislation that would provide additional funding and important reforms at the VA.
But more needs to be done for our veterans, and I will continue working on this important issue. Read more about my continued efforts to help veterans in the
Allentown Morning Call .
Upcoming Events:
Steel City Salutes the Troops
- hosted by the 171st Air Refueling Wing
Saturday, November 8, 2014 from 10:00 AM to 3:00 PM
Point State Park
601 Commonwealth Place, Pittsburgh, Pa. 15222
This is a great opportunity to support and celebrate local military history. The event will bring past, present, and future military members together and will begin after Pittsburgh's annual Veterans Day Parade! Representatives from my office will be attending.
Philadelphia VA Regional Office Open House
Monday, November 10, 2014 from 6:30 PM to 8:30 PM
A Claims Clinic will be held prior to the Open House from 4:00 PM to 6:00 PM to assist veterans with their questions.
5000 Wissahickon Avenue, Philadelphia, Pa. 19144
This event is open to veterans, service members, and their families and will help them obtain needed services. Imani Johnson from my Philadelphia office will attend.
Women Veterans Networking Group
Tuesday, November 11, 2014 from 6:30 PM to 8:00 PM
113 W. Wayne Avenue, Wayne, Pa. 19087
Women veterans in Wayne are encouraged to attend, learn about available services, and network with fellow veterans and employers. Dinner and child care will be provided.
ALLENTOWN, PA
PH: (610) 434-1444
ERIE, PA
PH: (814) 453-3010
HARRISBURG, PA
PH: (717) 782-3951
JOHNSTOWN, PA
PH: (814) 266-5970
PHILADELPHIA, PA
PH: (215) 241-1090
PITTSBURGH, PA
PH: (412) 803-3501
SCRANTON, PA
PH: (570) 941-3540
WASHINGTON, D.C.
PH: (202) 224-4254
UNSUBSCRIBE
