
A few days ago, President Obama took bold action to improve our broken immigration system and keep families together. The Republican response is UNBELIEVABLE!
HAPPENING TODAY: Republicans meet to tear apart Obama&rsquo;s immigration action
Friend -- A few days ago, President Obama took bold action to improve our broken immigration system and keep families together.
The Republican response is UNBELIEVABLE!
Today --
in a closed door meeting
-- Republicans developed plans to overturn President Obama&rsquo;s critical actions.
It&rsquo;s absolutely DISGUSTING: John Boehner and the GOP would rather see families torn apart than let President Obama mend our immigration system.
ADD YOUR NAME: Denounce the Republicans who are trying to tear apart President Obama&rsquo;s immigration action. Let&rsquo;s get 100,000 Democrats to sign on.
Your Action History
Last Petition Signed:
N/A
Denounce Republicans:
Signature Pending &gt;&gt;
Thanks for your support,
DSCC Breaking News
Democratic Senatorial Campaign Committee
P.O. Box 96047
Washington, DC 20090
Paid for by the Democratic Senatorial Campaign Committee, dscc.org,
and not authorized by any candidate or candidate&#39;s committee.
The DSCC is the only organization solely dedicated to supporting Democrats in the U.S. Senate. This message was sent to dj724530@gmail.com because you are a part of the DSCC&rsquo;s grassroots network. Please add us to your address book or approved senders list to make sure you keep receiving DSCC updates.
Emails are a critical way for us to stay in touch with our grassroots supporters. 99% of the DSCC&rsquo;s contributions come from grassroots donors giving less than $200. We also strive to keep you updated on issues related to the Democratic Party&rsquo;s values.
If you&rsquo;d like to stop receiving emails related to this campaign, please
click here .
If you&#39;d like to make a contribution to support us, please
click here . We are already beginning to prepare for the fight ahead &ndash; reclaiming the majority in 2016. It will take every single grassroots supporter, but we know it&rsquo;s possible with your help. If you&rsquo;d like to stop receiving all emails from the DSCC, please
unsubscribe . We greatly appreciate your continued support.
Contributions or gifts to the DSCC are not tax deductible.
