
Miller Newsletter
December 7, 2014
73rd Anniversary
of Pearl Harbor
On a peaceful Sunday morning, 73 years ago, on December 7, 1941, the Imperial Japanese Navy callously attacked the United States at Pearl Harbor, Hawaii.
This event was the final straw in pulling the United States into World War II and has become synonymous with being caught unprepared.
With eight battleships, three cruisers, three destroyers, an anti-aircraft training ship, and one minelayer all being damaged or sunk; 188 aircraft destroyed; and 2,403 Americans killed and 1,178 wounded, December 7, 1941 will forever be remembered as what FDR described a date that will live in infamy.
I salute our Nations greatest generation for fighting the evils of Nazi Germany and the Empire of Japan as well as those that have sacrificed so much for their country in defense of freedom. Let us never forget.
Washington Update
House Passage of H.R. 5759, the Preventing Executive Overreach on Immigration Act
The Presidents recent executive action to provide amnesty to 4.5 million illegal immigrants currently living in the U.S has understandably stirred concern and controversy throughout the United States.
The President himself stated numerous times throughout his 6 years in office that doing so would exceed his limited executive authority, yet he moved forward anyway.
In addition to rewarding those who cross our borders illegally with amnesty and encouraging more to do the same, the Presidents overreach sets a dangerous precedent for future Administrations, undermining the separation of powers established within the U.S. Constitution.
That is why I voted for H.R. 5759,
The Executive Action Prevention Act of 2014 .
This legislation does not fund the executive action; rather, it would prohibit the Executive Branch from treating such illegal aliens as if they were lawfully present, in addition to preventing work authorization.
All provisions would be retroactively enforced as of November 20, 2014, the date the President announced his executive actions.
Any change or reform to lawimmigration or otherwisemust come via the proper channels.
The American people spoke against this very kind of policy and Executive overreach; it is paramount to ensure their voices are heard by enforcing the rule of law.
House Passage of the National Defense Authorization Act
For the fifty-third consecutive year, the House passed by a vote of 300-119 the National Defense Authorization Act (NDAA), a key mechanism to provide necessary authorities and funding for Americas military. This legislation authorizes $521.3 billion in base discretionary funds and $63.7 billion for Overseas Contingency Operations.
President Obama has directed over $1 trillion in cuts to the military since he took office, and members of the Armed Services are not prepared to accept a smaller, less capable force at this time.
As always, Congress has to balance the dual stewardship of the taxpayer dollar and vital national security requirements.
The NDAA balances the force with constrained resources; supports and protects our warfighters and their families; enforces responsible and accountable policy in Afghanistan, Iraq, and Syria; and begins the process of reforming defense institutions.
Some highlights include fulfillment of critical readiness gaps with depot maintenance, flying hour programs, and base operations support; increased funds for suicide and sexual assault prevention programs; religious liberty protections; increased assistance to Iraqi and Kurdish forces in their fight against ISIL; prohibition on transfer of Guantanamo Bay detainees and on the construction of terrorist detention facilities in the U.S.; finding efficiencies in acquisition and institutional reform; support to vital platforms such as the USS George Washington refueling and various air platforms; strengthening cyber operations; placing a stronger stance against Russian aggression by facilitating cooperation with our European allies; and retention of our nuclear weapon strength at its current levels.
House Passage of H.R. 5771, the Tax Increase Prevention Act of 2014
The House took action last week to extend more than 50 separate tax provisions used by hard-working American families and businesses.
H.R. 5771, the
Tax Increase Prevention Act of 2014 , would extend these provisions through the 2014 tax year to prevent taxpayers from facing an unexpected tax hike when they file their 2014 taxes.
Among the provisions included in the bill are various tax extenders that are vital to the success of businesses in Northwest Florida, including the Research and Development tax credit and increased small business expensing.
In addition, H.R. 5771 includes pro-family tax provisions like the deduction for high education tuition, mortgage insurance premium deductions, and the wage credit for employees called to active duty. The bill would also continue the itemized deduction for state and local sales taxes, which is particularly important in states like Florida where individuals cannot deduct state income taxes from their federal obligations.
I voted in favor of H.R. 5771 to prevent American families and businesses from being hit with a series of tax increases; however, there is no question that this bill highlights the need to pursue comprehensive tax reform that simplifies the tax code and lowers rates across the board.
I have been a long-time supporter of commonsense measures like H.R. 25, the
Fair Tax Act , which would replace the current code with a fair tax, and H.R. 352, the
Tax Code Termination Act , which would eliminate the tax code and require a complete rewrite, and I will continue to work with my colleagues to advance pro-growth comprehensive tax reform.
House Passage of the ABLE Act
Last week, the House passed important legislation to help provide families with the tools they need to save and financially provide for loved ones with special needs.
H.R. 647, the
Achieving a Better Life Experience (ABLE) Act,
which I was proud to cosponsor and vote for, would allow for the creation of tax-free savings accounts for those who live with disabilities.
This tax-free savings account could then be used for qualified expenses, including health and wellness, education, transportation, and housing.
As a long-time supporter of the
ABLE Act , I was glad to see this bill pass the House by a vote of 404-17, and I urge the Senate to take up this important bill to help provide people with special needs the certainty and stability they need to realize and achieve their full potential.
General Galvez
I am pleased to report that H.J.Res.105, legislation I authored to confer Honorary United States Citizenship on General Bernardo de Galvez has passed the Senate.
This bill, which passed the House earlier this year, is now primed to be sent to the President for signature.
Honorary Citizenship, a purely ceremonial honor which grants no constitutional rights, is a rare and extraordinary recognition granted to foreigners who have rendered great service to the United States.
Seven individuals have previously been granted honorary citizenship, including two other Revolutionary War heroesthe Marquis de La Fayette and General Casimir Pulaski.
Like the Marquis de La Fayette and General Pulaski, General Galvez played an integral role in the success of the Revolutionary War.
General Galvez recruited an army of American, Spanish and French troops and set about a multi-year campaign that decimated British forces along the Gulf Coast. He then led successful campaigns in Louisiana, Mississippi, and Alabama, before embarking on his seminal victory at the Siege of Pensacola, where he captured the capital of British West Florida after a bloody two-month long battle during which he was wounded by gunfire.
General Galvezs victory left the British with no naval bases along the Gulf Coast and prevented British troops and supplies from reaching the battles along the eastern seaboard, particularly at the Battle of Yorktown, the final campaign of the Revolutionary War.
General Galvezs service to the United States was recognized by President George Washington, President John Adams, and by the United States Continental Congress.
In fact, President Washington cited General Galvezs efforts as a deciding factor in the outcome of the war.
General Galvez is a worthy recipient of Honorary Citizenship, and this prestigious honor solidifies the strong ties between the United States, and particularly Northwest Florida, and Spain.
I would like to thank all those in Northwest Florida who helped bring this issue to the forefront, as well as my colleagues in the House and Senate who supported the bill, particularly Senator Rubio for his work moving H.J.Res.105 through the Senate.
House Natural Resources Hearing on H.R.3099, Gulf of Mexico Red Snapper Conservation Act
As a result of the current management of Gulf Red Snapper, this year we witnessed the shortest federal Gulf Red Snapper recreational season on record, despite a healthy stock exceeding the current rebuilding timelines.
Heeding the call from anglers and stakeholders across the Gulf Coast, I introduced legislation this Congress that would address the failed management of Gulf Red Snapper by taking the management of the resource out of the hands of the feds and moving it to the states.
While there is some disagreement on the path to achieve better management, having the discussion is absolutely critical.
To that end, I was pleased that the House Natural Resources Subcommittee on Fisheries, Wildlife, Oceans, and Insular Affairs held a hearing on my bill, H.R.3099, the
Gulf of Mexico Red Snapper Conservation Act
last week to bring to the table individuals from all sides of the issue and have that discussion.
Gulf Coast residents expect effective management that allows access to this public resource, while also ensuring that the fishery remains accessible for future generations, and I am committed to working with Gulf Coast residents and stakeholders, state and local officials, and my colleagues in Congress to fix this situation. To view my remarks click on the image below.
Click on the image above to view my 12.4 testimony before the House Natural Resources Subcommittee on Fisheries, Wildlife, Oceans, and Insular Affairs
Veterans Corner
Office of Special Counsel
Whistleblower Ceremony
I was humbled to have the opportunity to help the U.S. Office of Special Counsel, a federal whistleblower protection agency, honor three key Department of Veterans Affairs whistleblowers who were instrumental in helping spotlight longstanding problems at VA medical facilities in Jackson, Miss., and Phoenix: Dr. Katherine Mitchell (Phoenix VAMC), Dr. Phyllis Hollenbeck (Jackson VAMC) and Dr. Charles Sherwood (Jackson VAMC).
These individuals put their careers and livelihoods on the line in order to do what was right, and the millions of veterans who depend on VA are better off because of their efforts.
At least at the top, VA leaders are starting to realize that rather than pushing whistleblowers out, it is time to embrace their integrity and recommit the department to keeping its promise of providing high quality health care to veterans. In order to make sure VA follows through in this regard, I am currently working on draft legislation to further improve whistleblower protections for VA employees.
Much of the work the House Committee on Veterans' Affairs has done to spur change at the department would not have been possible if not for the whistleblowers who chose to come out of the shadows and tell their stories.
Because of their efforts and those of countless others from VA medical centers across the country, we are now in the midst of a historic opportunity to change the department for the better.
From Left: Special Counsel Carolyn Lerner, Congressman Miller,
Dr. Phyllis Hollenbeck, Dr. Charles Sherwood, Dr. Katherine Mitchell, VA Deputy Secretary Sloan Gibson, and Principal Deputy Special Counsel Mark Cohen.
Firing of Phoenix VA Health Care System Director Sharon Helman
VA recently announced the firing of Phoenix VA Health Care System Director Sharon Helman
a central figure of the departments health care scandal.
VA will never regain the trust of Americas veterans and American taxpayers until all of the corrupt senior executives who created the biggest scandal in the departments history are held accountable to the maximum extent under the law. While Sharon Helman's removal is a positive step, there are still many more VA scandal figures who also must be purged from the department's payroll in order for veterans and families to receive the closure they deserve.
Meeting with DAV Leadership
I met with the leadership of Disabled American Veterans (DAV), including National Commander Ron Hope, Second Junior Vice Commander Delphine Metcalf-Foster and DAVs Washington Executive Director Garry Augustine. We discussed the upcoming agenda in the new Congress as well as DAVs newly released report,
Women Veterans: The Long Journey Home , which highlights how the demands of military service affects our servicewomen differently than their male counterparts. I want to thank the DAV leadership for taking the time to visit with me and for their continued service to our Nation.
Congressman Miller meeting with members of DAV Leadership
Miller Media Clips
To read some recent press clips highlighting my work on behalf of Florida's First Congressional District and our Nations veterans and servicemembers, click on the links below:
Congress should let states manage red snapper in the Gulf of Mexico: Editorial
Chairman calls for firing of Phoenix VA medical director
Special Counsel names VA whistleblowers Public Servants of the Year
Lies about VA reform come to light
Constituent Voice
In Northwest Florida, and across the country, rising health care costs are hitting hard-working families already dealing with the impact of a sluggish economy and stretching their paychecks even further.
With many shopping for health care plans for 2015, I consistently hear from constituents concerned with the overall increases in the cost of health care.
From rising premiums, to higher deductibles and co-pays, there is no question that health care costs have risen, and continue to rise, substantially under Obamacare.
And for those who are priced out of the market and cant afford to purchase health insurance, Obamacare promises to penalize them with fines, thanks to the individual mandate.
It is no wonder, then, that even one of Obamacares principal authors, Senator Tom Harkin, recently said We had the power to do it in a way that would have simplified health care, made it more efficient and made it less costly and we didnt do it.
Obamacare must be repealed and replaced with patient-centered reforms that will lower costs and reduce red tape in our health care system through a pragmatic, practical, and portable free-market approach to health care reform.
House Republicans have led the way, voting nearly 60 times to repeal or defund Obamacare, while also putting forward conservative alternatives that would empower patients and reduce costs.
I look forward to continuing this work in the upcoming Congress, as we work to protect Americans from the negative impact of Obamacare.
In the District
Upcoming Mobile Office Days in Niceville this Friday, December 12
In order to better serve the needs of constituents who are not close to the Pensacola or Fort Walton Beach offices, special mobile office days modeled after veterans assistance days have been established to better serve our growing population in Northwest Florida. I am pleased to announce upcoming office hours that will be held Friday, December 12. My staff will be available to answer questions about problems with federal agencies or other issues affecting the First Congressional District at the following locations and times: 10:00 a.m.
11:30 a.m. at the Bluewater Bay Clubhouse (2000 Bluewater Bay Boulevard in Niceville) and 1:00 p.m.
2:30 p.m. at the Niceville City Hall (208 N. Partin Drive in Niceville).
As always, I welcome your comments. To share your thoughts on legislation, votes or issues, please visit http://jeffmiller.house.gov/ to send an e-mail or call any of my offices.
Thanks,
Jeff
Click Here
to view this email in your browser
Click Here
to be removed from this list