
HOME
|
About Mike
|
Contact YOUR Office
|
Serving You
|
Newsroom
|
Legislative Work
|
4th District
|
Resources
WEBSITE
| SHARE ON:
Greetings,
When the Founding Fathers decided to separate from England and establish the United States of America, they were primarily concerned with representation.
The phrase no taxation without representation was one of the great protest cheers among the early patriots.
At that time, the Crown was levying taxes on American colonists, but refusing them the opportunity to represent themselves in Parliament.
Americans were rightly angry about their second-class status in the British Empire, and when they finally took actionfrom the Boston Tea Party forwardthey managed to establish a republic that would eventually become a model for all nations.
Taxation without representation led to the Boston Tea Party
I have been proud to serve as your congressman because of who I work for:
The people of the Fourth District of Kansas, whose hard work ethic and common sense are the inspiration for how I do my job.
Thats why I come home nearly every weekend.
And its why I listen and its why I work so hard to listen to the issues, concerns and hopes of each of you.
This Tuesday, you have an opportunity to participate in that great tradition by going to the ballot box and casting your vote.
It is a tradition, one of many of our great freedoms, that has been defended on our own soil, along the shores of Normandy, across the Pacific Ocean, and in the mountains of Afghanistan.
And it is one that ensures that your elected representatives will remain responsive to their constituents.
I hope you will exercise your right as a free American on Tuesday and I wish you all the best.
Sincerely,
Mike Pompeo
Member of Congress
Connect With Mike
NOTE: Please
DO NOT
respond to this email as this
inbox is unattended . To contact my office please
click here
WASHINGTON, DC OFFICE
107 Cannon HOB
Washington, DC 20515
Phone:
(202) 225-6216
Fax:
(202) 225-3489
WICHITA, KS OFFICE
7701 E. Kellogg, Suite 510
Wichita, KS 67207
Phone:
(316) 262-8992
Fax:
(316) 262-5309
UPDATE SUBSCRIPTION OPTIONS
|
PRIVACY POLICY
|
CONTACT US
Click Here Click Here