
DEC
5
News From Senator Ayotte's Office
Dear Friends,
With the Senate back in session, it was a busy week in Washington.
On Tuesday, I co-hosted a bipartisan forum focused on identifying ways to address the drug addiction crisis in New Hampshire and across our nation.
In addition to discussing input I've received from treatment providers and first responders in our state, I shared the personal story of a New Hampshire family I met with last week who tragically lost their daughter to a heroin overdose.
The Griffin family has courageously shared their personal experience in an effort to help other families whose loved ones are struggling with addiction, and it is my hope that forums like these will help stakeholders identify effective ways to reverse the trend of drug addiction.
See below for video from Tuesday's event.
As I visit manufacturers across our state, I frequently hear about the challenges they face in finding highly-skilled workers to fill positions.
I took to the Senate floor on Thursday to highlight a bipartisan bill I introduced this fall with Senator Chris Coons (D-Delaware) that would give local leaders the flexibility they need to design job training programs that fit their unique needs.
See below for more info.
You may have seen in the news this week that the Pentagon released a new report showing significant progress in the military's handling of sexual assault following major reforms that were signed into law a year ago.
While the report shows that the prevalence of sexual assaults is down and that reporting of these crimes is up, we must stay vigilant in our efforts to rid the military of the scourge of sexual assaults.
I'm pleased to report that provisions of the Victims Protection Act, which I introduced earlier this year with Senators Claire McCaskill (D-Missouri) and Deb Fischer (R-Nebraska), are included in the current version of the fiscal year 2015 defense authorization bill.
These additional measures will build on previous reforms to strengthen the prosecution of these crimes, and provide victims with the care, support, and resources they need.
Scroll down for more about this legislation.
I was back on the road today in New Hampshire, and I enjoyed taking part in Big Brothers Big Sisters of Greater Manchester's annual Start Something Big breakfast this morning in Manchester.
Through the efforts of committed mentors, Big Brothers Big Sisters makes a positive difference in the lives of children across our state, and I was grateful to have the opportunity to say thank you to the dedicated staff and volunteers who support this organization.
This afternoon, I joined representatives from several New Hampshire companies at a roundtable discussion in Nashua with the Chairman of the Export-Import Bank, Fred Hochberg.
The Export-Import Bank helps small and medium sized businesses in New Hampshire compete in the global marketplace and create jobs, while returning billions of dollars to the Treasury for deficit reduction.
Many exporters in our state have obtained competitive financing through Ex-Im that is otherwise unavailable from private sources, and this successful partnership has helped them grow their businesses and hire more workers by exporting goods and services overseas.
Please read on for more news and photos from the week.
Have a good weekend!
At Bipartisan Forum on Capitol Hill, Ayotte Discusses NH Drug Addiction Crisis
Senator Ayotte joined Senator Sheldon Whitehouse (D-RI), Senator Rob Portman (R-OH), and Senator Amy Klobuchar (D-MN) in hosting a bipartisan forum on Capitol Hill on Tuesday to discuss ways to help communities in New Hampshire and across the country fight drug addiction and support individuals in recovery. Today's forum was the third in a series of bipartisan briefings the Senators have hosted to explore ways to better support addiction treatment and recovery.
In her remarks, Senator Ayotte shared the personal story of Newton, New Hampshire residents Doug and Pam Griffin, who tragically lost their daughter Courtney to a recent heroin overdose. The Griffins have courageously shared their experience in an effort to help other families who have loved ones that are struggling with addiction. Senator Ayotte also discussed input she has received from first responders, health care professionals, and treatment providers who are on the front lines of New Hampshire's drug crisis.
Read more.
Ayotte Calls on Philippine Government to End Suspension of Burials at Clark Veterans Cemetery
Ayotte says burials suspended at veterans cemetery Associated Press Dec. 2, 2014
CONCORD, N.H. (AP) - U.S. Sen. Kelly Ayotte of New Hampshire says burials have been suspended at a cemetery in the Philippines that is the final resting place for more than 8,300 American veterans.
Last year, the United States and the government of the Philippines signed a Memorandum of Understanding on cooperation in restoring the cemetery, after President Barack Obama signed a law to restore it.
The Clark Veterans Cemetery was neglected following a volcanic eruption in 1991 and abandonment of a U.S. Air Force base. The cemetery was left covered in ash and overgrown by weeds. Since 1994, volunteers in the Philippines have attempted to maintain the cemetery.
Ayotte wrote Monday to Philippine Ambassador Jose Cuisia requesting help in resolving delays for families waiting to bury their loved ones at the cemetery. She said the burials have been suspended by the Phillippines' Bases Conversion and Development Authority, which converts former U.S. military bases into alternative productive civilian use.
"This suspension has placed significant financial and emotional burdens upon the families of veterans awaiting burial at Clark Veterans Cemetery," she wrote. "I am sure you would agree that when a family of a veteran is grieving the loss of their loved one, they should not have to cope with bureaucratic obstacles related to burial arrangements."
Read the letter.
Ayotte Highlights Bipartisan Manufacturing Skills Act
Senator Ayotte and Senator Chris Coons (D-DE) took to the Senate floor on Thursday to highlight bipartisan legislation they
introduced
to help cities and states build 21st century manufacturing training programs.
In response to feedback she has received from New Hampshire's high-tech manufacturing sector about the growing demand for workers who are skilled in the science, technology, engineering, and mathematics - or STEM - fields, Senator Ayotte joined Senator Coons in introducing the bipartisan Manufacturing Skills Act in September. The bill would create a fully paid for annual $100 million competitive grant program to support initiatives that strengthen the manufacturing workforce and address regional skills challenges.
Click here
for video of the Senators' remarks.
America's Energy Future
Senator Ayotte joined Citizens for Responsible Energy Solutions at a forum this week focused on our nation's energy future. During her remarks, Senator Ayotte stressed that as we look at U.S. energy development, we can protect our environment while also protecting jobs.
Read more.
Ayotte: Portsmouth Naval Shipyard is Attack Submarine Maintenance Center of Excellence
At a Senate Armed Services Committee hearing on Tuesday, Senator Ayotte highlighted the Portsmouth Naval Shipyard's outstanding performance as the Navy's center of excellence for fast attack submarine maintenance, modernization, and repair. Following up on her formal invitation to him in November, Senator Ayotte publicly invited Admiral Harry B. Harris Jr., the current Commander of the Pacific Fleet and nominee to be the next U.S. Pacific Command Commander, to visit the shipyard to see firsthand the exceptional work being done there - an invitation the Admiral said he would accept immediately if confirmed.
Read more.
Pentagon Report Shows Progress on Military Sexual Assaults; Defense Bill Includes Additional Ayotte Reforms
While a report released this week showed progress in the Pentagon's handling of sexual assaults, Senator Ayotte this week said there is more work to be done when it comes to preventing and prosecuting these crimes and improving support for victims.
She announced that additional reforms - based on the Victims Protection Act she coauthored with Senators Claire McCaskill (R-MO) and Deb Fischer (R-NE) - are included in the current version of the fiscal year 2015 defense authorization bill, and will build upon previous reforms that were signed into law a year ago.
Read more.
"These measures are important steps that will build on the reforms passed last year to prevent sexual assaults in our military, strengthen prosecution of such crimes, and provide victims with the support, care, and resources they need. Our legislation changes the status quo by holding commanders more accountable for treating victims with dignity and respect, and helps ensure that perpetrators will be fully prosecuted under the law. Our bill also removes the 'good soldier defense,' so that defendants are prosecuted based on the evidence and nothing else," said Ayotte. "We remain committed to ensuring that victims are supported, and I will continue to closely scrutinize our military's progress in implementing these reforms."
Senator Ayotte also joined Senators McCaskill and Fischer and Senator Carl Levin (D-MI) at a press conference Thursday to discuss the details released in the Pentagon's report, which shows a drop in the number of sexual assaults as well as an increase in the number of victims willing to come forward to report such crimes.
Click here
for video of Thursday's press conference.
Photos of the Week
At the Big Brothers Big Sisters of Greater Manchester's 11th annual Start Something Big Breakfast on Friday morning.
Joined Heather Bishop on air at WZID's Christmas is for Kids Radiothon.
With Jim Demody, President of Seaboard International Forest Products, and Export-Import Bank Chairman Fred Hochberg.
At Jajabelle's Bakery on Main Street in Nashua with owner Jessica dePontbriand on Small Business Saturday.
Delicious pastries and awesome coffee!
With Mary Lou Blaisdell and Kelly Powers at DesignWares, which has been in Nashua for 20 years.
CLICK HERE TO SHARE THIS NEWSLETTER
Warm Regards,
Kelly Ayotte
United States Senator
Email Kelly
Manchester Office
1200 Elm Street, Suite 2
Manchester, NH 03101 Phone:
603-622-7979
Nashua Office
144 Main Street
Nashua, NH 03060 Phone:
603-880-3335
North Country Office 19 Pleasant Street, Suite 13B
Berlin, NH 03570 Phone:
603-752-7702 Fax:
603-752-7704
Portsmouth Office
14 Manchester Square, Ste 140
Portsmouth, NH 03801 Phone:
603-436-7161
Washington, DC
144 Russell Senate Office Building
Washington, DC 20510
Phone:
202-224-3324
Email Kelly
|
ayotte.senate.gov
|
Unsubscribe
