
If you are having trouble viewing this message or
would like to share it on a social network, you can
view the message online .
Tweet of
the Week
|
Videos of the Week
|
Statements &amp; Speeches
Tweet of the
Week
Videos of the
Week
Ros-Lehtinen: US Must Not
Allow Iran To Enrich Uranium
We Must
Prevent The Administration From Signing A Weak Deal With Iranian
Regime
Cubas Forced Labor In Regards To
Ebola In West Africa Must Be Condemned, Says
Ros-Lehtinen
Ros-Lehtinen: We Must Continue To Provide
Programs That Help Foster Democracy Around The World
A Weak Deal With Iran Threatens US National Security
Interests
Week in
Pho tos
Congresswoman Ros-Lehtinen
visited Pinecrest Elementary School where she read "House Mouse, Senate
Mouse" to students and explained how laws are made in Congress.
As a
former Florida certified teacher and the author of the Florida
Prepaid College Tuition Program, Ros-Lehtinen knows the importance of
education for a child's future .
Rep. Ros-Lehtinen
met with the director of Mercy Hospital's School of Practical Nursing
and they discussed how South Florida's healthcare professionals are
contributing to our community's wellness.
Statem ents &amp;
Speeches
Ros-Lehtinen Proud to Announce
Co-Sponsorship of Bill to Increase Veterans Access to
Education
November 14,
2014
(Washington, DC)
Today, U.S. Rep. Ileana Ros-Lehtinen announced her
co-sponsorship of H.R. 4973, the Reducing Barriers for Veterans Education Act.
To make education more affordable and accessible, this bill would
allow eligible veterans to have up to $750 of their application fees to
colleges or grad schools paid for as part of their Post-9/11 GI Bill
educational assistance benefits.
Ros-Lehtinen has a long record working to ensure our
veterans receive the education benefits they deserve. She understands
the needs of veterans because her husband, Dexter, is a combat veteran
who volunteered for service and sustained serious injuries while
serving our country in Vietnam. Currently Marine Reservists, her step-son,
Doug, and daughter-in-law, Lindsay, served our nation as Marine
officers in Iraq and Lindsay also served in Afghanistan.
Statement by
Ros-Lehtinen:
We must do
all we can to ensure that our veterans have full access to higher
education. For too long, those who put their lives on the line for
freedom have been made to pay fees that they should not be responsible for.
Although only a small measure of gratitude, ensuring our veterans do
not have to pay application fees when deciding which institution of
higher education to attend is the very least we can
do.
House Member
Suggests Last-Ditch Effort to Vote on ENDA
November 13,
2014
In a move that could push an antidiscrimination
bill through Congress during the lame-duck session, Rep. Ileana
Ros-Lehtinen has recommended attaching it to the defense spending
bill.
Ros-Lehtinen, told the Washington
Blade
that she hopes House leadership will allow a vote on the Employment
Non-Discrimination Act, either as a stand-alone bill or attached to
the 2015 defense authorization bill.
" It is time we moved forward on this issue so discrimination based on
sexual orientation or gender is no longer tolerated in the
workplace, " she said in a statement to
the
Blade.
More at
Advocate.com
Cubas Forced Labor on Ebola in West Africa Must be Condemned;
Democracy Programs in Closed Societies Must Continue, Says
Ros-Lehtinen
November 13, 2014
((WASHINGTON)
U.S.
Rep. Ileana Ros-Lehtinen (R-FL), Chairman of the Middle East and
North Africa Subcommittee, made the following statement today at a House
Foreign Affairs Committee hearing entitled, Combating Ebola in West
Africa: The International Response. Statement by
Ros-Lehtinen:
Last year, State and USAID spent more than 52 million
dollars on global health efforts in Liberia, Sierra Leone, and Guinea
combined. But I know in my constituency they ask: but where did all
that money go?
It has become
apparent that these countries did not have the healthcare infrastructure in
place to handle or contain the Ebola disease and as we have seen, it
can spread to Europe and North America. And with the communist
dictatorship in Cuba sending hundreds of forced labor health care workers to
Ebola impacted countries, weve got to ensure here in the United States
that we are taking every possible
precaution.
I believe it is appalling that administration officials
are praising the Castro communist dictators for forcing these workers
forcing them
to go to Ebola impacted countries in Africa. These
healthcare officials do not have a choice. Their families face
retaliation on the island if they dont go. They are forced to go as part of a
coordinated PR campaign orchestrated by the regime for its own
political agenda. And it is disgusting and shameful that we should be
congratulating Cuba for forcing people to go to these countries. And ask the
regime what happens to those workers if theyre found to be impacted
with Ebola. Theyre not allowed to go back to
Cuba.
To read more, click
here
Ros-Lehtinen, Engel,
Diaz-Balart Meet with President of Honduras, Reiterates Support for
Partnership with Important Regional Ally
November 13, 2014
(WASHINGTON)
U.S. Rep.
Ileana Ros-Lehtinen (R-FL), Chairman of the Middle East and North Africa
Subcommittee, hosted a meeting alongside Rep. Eliot Engel (D-NY),
Ranking Member of the House Foreign Affairs Committee, and Rep. Mario
Diaz-Balart (R-FL) today with the President of Honduras, Juan Orlando
Hernandez to discuss the U.S.
Honduras bilateral relationship and other
issues. Statement by Ros-Lehtinen:
I was pleased to be joined by my
congressional colleagues and receive President Hernandez in Washington, DC for a
productive conversation about the issues that impact Honduras and the
United States. Honduras is an important ally in the region and
greater efforts must be made to improve the economic climate in Central
America, root out corruption, and curtail the violence that stems from
drug trafficking to improve regional security. I look forward to
continuing to work in Congress to strengthen our relationship with Honduras
and help our partners be an example of a prosperous democracy in the
hemisphere.
P5+1
Must Recognize That Congress Will Not Accept Iran Nuclear Deal That
Threatens Our National Security, Says
Ros-Lehtinen
November 7, 2014
(WASHINGTON)
U.S. Rep. Ileana
Ros-Lehtinen (R-FL), Chairman of the Middle East and North Africa
Subcommittee, made the following statement regarding the P5+1 meeting in Vienna.
Statement by Ros-Lehtinen:
As the P5+1
representatives meet today in Vienna to discuss the looming deadline for the
Iran nuclear negotiations, it is imperative that they recognize that
Congress will not accept a weak deal that threatens U.S. national security
interests. As the author of the toughest set of Iran sanctions
currently codified into U.S. law, my objective has always been, and will
continue to be, Irans complete cessation of uranium enrichment and the
dismantlement of its nuclear weapons program infrastructure, and that
includes its ballistic missile program. If Iran continues to stall and
balk on its enrichment program, the P5+1 needs to recognize Iran isnt
serious about giving up its nuclear weapons pursuit and should have
the courage to walk away from the negotiations and work with the U.S.
on implementing even tougher sanctions that will ultimately compel the
regime to abandon its pursuit of the
bomb.
Tell a
Friend
E-mail:
E-mail:
E-mail:
Share on Twitter Share on Facebook Share on Digg Share on
LinkedIn
Washington, DC Office
2206 Rayburn HOB | Washington, DC 20515
Phone: (202)
225-3931 | Fax: (202) 225-5620
Miami Office
4960 SW 72
Ave, Suite 208 |
Miami, FL 33155
Phone: (305)
668-2285 |
Fax: (305) 668-5970
Unsubscribe
|
Update My
Profile
gateway
mail end 