
If you are having trouble
viewing this message or would like to share it on a social network, you
can
view the message
online .
Home
About Louise
Serving You
Issues
25th District
Newsroom
Blog
Multimedia
Contact
Dear David,
As we take a step back from the regular
hustle and bustle of life to count our blessings this Thanksgiving, I
want you to know how grateful I am for the privilege to serve you and
the rest of our neighbors on a daily basis. At the same time we take
stock of our blessings, we must also focus on the work that lies ahead
of us to ensure that everyone in Monroe County has more to be
thankful for in the coming years.
I
will strive to honor the trust you have placed in me by working to
improve the lives of every citizen of Monroe County. I continue to push
for improvements to Rochesters transportation system through
construction of a new train station, redevelopment of the Inner Loop, and
seeking federal funding for infrastructure projects like repairing bridges
and roads to benefit everyone who travels
not only on
Thanksgiving, but also the rest of the year. I am laboring to ensure that
workers have good jobs to return to after the holidays and in every other
season. I am fighting to ensure that the food we place on our tables
today and every day is safe and free from superbugs created by the
overuse of antibiotics. For those who serve in the Armed Forces to protect
our freedoms, I have helped clear the way for a new veterans outpatient
clinic. I count myself lucky to be in a position to advocate for
these improvements.
Today I am
especially mindful of those who are no longer with us to carry on our
good fight. Though both U.S. Army Staff Sergeant Nicholas J. Reid and
U.S. Army Specialist Theodore Matthew Glende passed away in 2012 in
service to our country, I am grateful we have been able to commemorate
their lives with community memorials this year. I am also thankful for the
work of Rochester City Police Officer Daryl Pierson, along with Larry
and Jane Glazer, three individuals who never stopped seeking a better
Rochester. Of course, I cannot neglect to mention how thankful I am
to have spent so many Thanksgivings with my husband Bob and our family,
and to say how very much I miss him this year.
I leave you with a thought from Eleanor Roosevelt,
Let us be grateful this Thanksgiving Day for all that we have and all
that we are, but let us not be complacent. I look forward to
continuing to work together to meet the challenges ahead.
Happy Thanksgiving!
Louise
P.S. If you want to share your ideas and opinions on how best to
strengthen our community for all of our neighbors, or reply to this
email, please click
here .
Rochester
Office
3120 Federal Building
100 State Street
Rochester, NY 14614
Phone: (585) 232-4850
Fax: (585)
232-1954
Washington D.C. Office
2469 Rayburn HOB
Washington, D.C. 20515
Phone: (202)
225-3615
Fax: (202) 225-7822
Unsubscribe
|
Update My Profile
|
Privacy Policy
gateway mail end
