
November 25, 2014
Click here
if you have trouble viewing this email
ABOUT DENNIS
|
SERVING YOU
|
NEWSROOM
|
ISSUES &amp; LEGISLATION
|
15TH DISTRICT
|
CONTACT
15th District Update
Dear Neighbor,
As you know, last week the president announced his plan to use an executive order to grant over five million undocumented immigrants amnesty. These actions are a threat to our constitutional principles and undoubtedly warrant political and, possibly, legal action. Immigration reform is important but the first step must be strengthening the security of our nation's borders. Without first securing the border, immigrants will continue to easily enter our country with the hope of another executive order down the road. At the same time, the presidents unilateral action may have damaged his credibility to work with Congress during his final two years in office.
In the interim, I believe Congress has a responsibility to debate and pass legislation to secure our border. Once this is completed, Congress should consider passing incremental legislation that addresses other areas of our immigration system. For example, we should look at agricultural guest worker programs, strengthening our E-Verify system and addressing other important areas of visa reform.
I have taken an oath to protect the American people and I will do everything within my constitutional power to ensure that promise is fulfilled. No more waiting.
Increases in Health Care Costs Coming in 2015
The Obama Administration released the estimated costs of health care policies for 2015 under Obamacare. Premium costs have continued to rise. In our congressional district, costs will have increased an average of 17.05%. We must reform the health care system to put patients and doctors in control of health care decisions, not Washington bureaucrats.
Polk Country health care costs will increase 14.9%.
Hillsborough County health care costs will increase 19.2%.
These numbers come from the Centers for Medicare and Medicaid Services and
can be found on the New York Times website.
An Update on the Financial Services Committee
On Tuesday, November 18th,
the House Financial Services Committee held a hearing on the Impact of International Regulatory Standards on the Competitiveness of U.S. Insurers.
International regulatory schemes have a significantly large impact on the consumer.
As a member of the Financial Services Committee, my job is to ensure you, the consumer, remain protected from increased insurance costs by offering an alternative to international capital standards and allowing United States insurance companies to remain competitive.
You may view my line of questioning the witnesses by clicking here.
On Wednesday, November 19th,
I gave a statement at the Subcommittee on Housing and Insurance hearing on Opportunities for a Private and Competitive Sustainable Flood Insurance Markets.
During this hearing, the panel of witnesses and I discussed the need for my bipartisan legislation, the
Flood Insurance Market Parity and Modernization Act of 2014 . In 2012, the
Biggert-Waters Flood Insurance Reform Act
was passed to restore the financial health of the National Flood Insurance Program (NFIP), and has since proved problematic. Constituents of mine were reporting $15,000 increases in annual premiums before Congress quickly acted to provide relief for homeowners with NFIP policies. The inability of the
Biggert-Waters Flood Insurance Reform Act
to define acceptable private flood insurance restricts flexibility, innovation and consumer choice in the insurance market. To address this, Rep. Patrick Murphy and I introduced the
Flood Insurance Market Parity and Modernization Act of 2014,
which would redefine private flood insurance, removing federal restrictions, and leaving flood insurance to be managed by the states. My legislation will allow more consumer choice in the government-dominated flood insurance market by creating competition. This results in better policies and pricing that will benefit homeowners.
You may view my questions to the panel by clicking here.
On Thursday, November 20th,
the Government Accountability Office issued their report outlining the need to improve the Financial Stability Oversight Council's (FSOC) designation process. Backroom decisions made by FSOC are leading to increased costs for families across Florida and the United States who are simply trying to invest and plan for their future.
I introduced H.R.5180, the
Financial Stability Oversight Council Improvement Act of 2014
with Rep. John Delaney to increase the transparency and accountability of this board of federal financial regulators.
You may read my press release by clicking here.
As always, please continue to
write ,
call , and
email
your opinions to my office. I could not effectively represent you in Congress without your thoughtful input. It is an honor and a privilege to serve you in Congress.
Your Congressman,
Dennis A. Ross
WASHINGTON, D.C. OFFICE
229 Cannon HOB
Washington, D.C. 20515
T(202) 225-1252
F(202) 226-0585
LAKELAND OFFICE
170 Fitzgerald Rd., Ste 1
Lakeland, FL 33813
T(863) 644-8215
T(813) 752-4790
F(863) 648-0749
UPDATE SUBSCRIPTION OPTIONS
|
PRIVACY POLICY
|
CONTACT US
Click Here Click Here