
If you are having trouble viewing this
message or would like to share it on a social network, you can
view the message online .
About Lynn
|
Constituent Services
|
Issues
|
Media
Center
|
Legislative Center
|
Georgia's Third District
|
Contact Me
November 09, 2014
Capitol Corner: Stop Transfers of Gitmo
Detainees
I have said it before and Ill say it again,
releasing terrorists from Guantanamo Bay endangers our soldiers abroad
and our security at home. When will the Obama Administration realize
that releasing Guantanamo prisoners gives terrorists a second
chance?
A public report released last
week identified, of the 620 detainees released from Guantanamo Bay,
180 have returned or are suspected to have returned to the battlefield.
Of those 180, it is believed that as many as 30 former detainees are
suspected of having joined ISIS and reengaged in the fight against the
United States and our
allies.
The threats that ISIL pose to the stability of the Middle East and
to our national security are incredibly serious. The last thing we
should be doing is releasing Guantanamo detainees when former detainees
are reported to be fighting with ISIS. Our troops should never have to
confront a former Guantanamo detainee on the battlefield, and we
should be doing everything in our power to be sure that doesnt
happen.
There is no guarantee that
detainees will not resume terrorist activities, including targeting
innocent Americans once they are released from Guantanamo Bay.
In
fact, the Office of the Director of National Intelligence estimates 29.7
percent of former Guantanamo detainees have reengaged in terrorism. We
cannot, and should not, negotiate with terrorists, and President
Obama has violated that policy. The Guantanamo detainee transfers must
stop.
Share on
Facebook
Share on
Twitter
What I've Been Up To This District Work
Period
Thank you to everyone who stopped by our town hall meeting in Spalding
County last week. Hearing from you helps me better serve you in
Washington.
I enjoyed getting to visit with members of the
business community at the 2014 Georgia Manufacturers of the Year
Awards lunch with the Troup County Chamber of Commerce.
Thank you to SoundChoice Pregnancy Clinic in Columbus for inviting
me to tour your facility last week.
Share on
Facebook
Share on Twitter
Join the Conversation
Tell a
Friend
E-mail:
In Other
News
Fox News: Preparing for
Obamacare open enrollment: What to know
On Nov. 15,
youll have the chance to shop for health insurance plans through
marketplaces established by your state or the federal government, as the
second year of the Affordable Care Act, or Obamacare,
begins...
Bloomberg: U.S. Exports Decline in Sign
of Global Slowdown: Economy
In one of the first
signs that a global slowdown will limit how fast the worlds largest
economy will grow, the trade deficit in the U.S. widened in September as
exports slumped from a record...
The Wall Street Journal: IRS Chief Warns Congress to Act Soon on
Temporary Tax Breaks
As voters decide on the next
Congress on Tuesday, Internal Revenue Service Commissioner John
Koskinen delivered a reminder that the current Congress still has work to
do...
Fox Business: Private Sector Adds 230K Jobs in
October
U.S. private employers added 230,000 jobs in
October, exceeding economists' expectations, a report by a payrolls processor
showed on Wednesday...
AP: Oil prices tumble on Saudi discount
move
Oil prices slumped to multi-year
lows on Tuesday after Saudi Arabia cut the price of oil sold to the U.S.,
a move that is shaking an already volatile market but will likely
give the world economy an unexpected
stimulus...
Fox News: Obama to meet with Putin
next week on overseas trip
President Obama
plans to meet with Russian President Vladimir Putin next week, during a
stop on his three-country tour in the Asia-Pacific region, senior
administration officials said...
Business Insider: The Obama Administration's
Biggest Problem In Iraq Is Painfully
Ironic
The Obama administration's plan for Iraq
train 20,000 Iraqi troops
and incorporate Sunni tribes into a new national guard
is off to a
rough start...
The Wall Street Journal: Pentagon Sought Sanctions
Exemptions for Iranian Investment in
Afghanistan
As the U.S. struggled in recent years to help prop up Afghanistans
anemic economy, the American military turned for help to an unlikely
partner: Iran...
WASHINGTON, DC OFFICE 2433 Rayburn
House Office Bldg Washington, DC 20515 Phone (202)
225-5901 Fax (202) 225-2515
THIRD DISTRICT
OFFICE
1601-B East Highway
34 Newnan, Georgia 30265 Phone (770) 683-2033 Fax (770)
683-2042
Unsubscribe
|
Update My Profile
|
Privacy Policy
