
Connect with Representative Miller online:
Governor Christie Addresses New GOP House Members at Chairmans Luncheon
Chairman Candice Miller and Governor Chris Christie
WASHINGTON
Today, as Chairman of the Committee on House Administration, the U.S. House of Representatives committee responsible for the New Member Orientation program
for Members-elect, Rep. Candice Miller (MI-10) welcomed New Jersey Governor Chris Christie as he addressed the Republican freshman class of the 114 th
Congress during the Chairmans Lunch.
Following the Governors remarks, Chairman Miller issued
the following statement:
On Election Day, the American people not only gave us their votes, but they also empowered us with the responsibility to govern this great nation.
Today, we heard
from an individual who embodies what it is to be an effective leader and put their constituency first.
Since his election, Governor Chris Christie has propelled his state forward under the principles of limited government, lower taxes, spending restraints,
and strengthening the rights of the individual and has made government work for the people of New Jersey.
Governor Christie is not afraid to take on criticism, and he is not afraid to lead.
He understands the people are expecting governance and accountability.
I cannot think of a more appropriate speaker for the new Republican members of the House.
I thank him for joining us here today to share a few words with us as the 114th Congress begins to take on the many challenges our nation faces.
###
TELL A FRIEND
Feel free to share this e-mail with your friends and family by forwarding this email. If this e-mail has been forwarded to you, please sign up to receive Congresswoman Candice Miller
electronic newsletter .
CONTACT INFORMATION
Washington Office
U.S. House of Representatives
320 Cannon House Office Bldg
Washington, DC 20515
Phone: (202)225-2106
Fax: (202)226-1169
DISTRICT OFFICE
48701 Van Dyke Ave
Shelby Township, MI 48317
Phone: (586)997-5010
Fax: (586)997-5013
E-MAIL Candice
LEARN MORE
UNSUBSCRIBE
NOTE:
This mailbox is unattended. To send e-mail to Congresswoman Candice Miller, please go to
her contact form . To unsubscribe from future electronic updates, please use
this link .
