DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.0 Transitional//EN" "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml1/DTD/xhtml1-transitional.dtd"
If you are having trouble reading this email,
please view the web version .
White Clay Creek Bill Passes House
Legislation I introduced with Sen. Chris Coons (D-DE) to enhance protection for White Clay Creek passed the House yesterday. The creek, which runs through Chester County and into Delaware, was originally included in the Wild and Scenic Rivers system in 2000. This bill adds portions of the creek that were not included in the original designation. Ive worked for many years to protect the White Clay, which is a major source of drinking water and also offers wonderful recreation. In fact, I used to fish in the creek with my own family. The bill is expected to pass the Senate and head to the President soon.
Treasury Holding Tax Returns that Were Shared with the White House
Last week, the Treasury Inspector General revealed that some 2,500 documents, including tax returns, were improperly shared with the White House. After initially promising to release these documents, the Inspector General is refusing citing privacy concerns. It is expected that Treasury will be sued to release these documents so that the public can know what the White House was looking at and whether this was part of attempts to stop conservative groups from getting tax exempt status. To read more,
CLICK HERE .
Low Gas Prices Saving Americans $603 Million a Day
Gas prices have plummeted since the summer, due in large part because of increased domestic supply. According to the
Washington Post , the lower prices are saving Americans $603 million a day compared to June prices. If the price stays low for a year, it could save consumers $230 billion. With OPEC countries refusing to cut their supply, prices could remain low for the near future. American energy development is paying off big for Americans. Read more in this weeks
OP-ED .
California Bureaucrats Force Churches to Pay for Abortion
In violation of current federal law, bureaucrats in the state of California are forcing every insurance plan regulated by the state to cover elective abortion. Congress has included a provision in the annual health appropriations bill that would prevent funds going to a state that takes this action. However, this has to be enforced by the Department of Health and Human Services Office of Civil Rights. While I spoke with the Secretary a few weeks ago and asked for swift consideration of this violation of conscience, there has been no action. To view my comments on the House floor,
CLICK HERE .
Op-ed of the Week: How Low Will it Go?
Some of you may remember when a loaf of bread was a quarter, or a gallon of milk was less than a dollar. Inflation is typically a one way street. Our children and grandchildren will one day wistfully recall when a new video game was only $60. But recently one of the most important commodities families pay for every week has been headed in the opposite direction: gasoline.
READ MORE
Facebook
Podcast
Tell Joe Your Opinion
Issues
The 16th District
Ask Joe For Help
The Government
Legislation
Press
About Joe Pitts
Photo Gallery
Please feel free to
forward this email to your friends and family .
Recent Videos
Obamacare and the "Stupidity" of the American Voter
Rep. Pitts highlights remarks from an Obamacare architect who bragged about the law's lack of transparency.
Stopping Illicit Steroids
Rep. Pitts discusses his bill to prevent designer anabolic steroids from being sold on the market as supplements.
Washington, D.C. Office
420 Cannon House Office Building
Washington, DC 20515
(1st Street and Independence Avenue)
202-225-2411
202-225-2013 (fax)
Chester County Office
Post Office Box 837
Unionville, PA 19375
(Routes 82 and 926)
610-444-4581
610-444-5750 (fax)
Lancaster Office
150 North Queen Street
Suite 716 (7th floor)
Lancaster, PA 17603
717-393-0667
717-393-0924 (fax)
Click Here Click Here