
If you are having trouble viewing this message or would like to
share it on a social network, you can
view the message online .
HOME
ABOUT RENEE
2ND DISTRICT
NEWSROOM
CONSTITUENT
SERVICES
LEGISLATION
CONTACT US
November 23, 2014
Video of the
Week:
This week I joined Greta Van Susteren live in studio
to discuss comments made by Obamacare architect, Jonathan Gruber,
where he referred to the American people as "stupid." Grubers remarks
further illuminate the lack of transparency and deception prevalent
throughout the formation and rollout of Obamacare.
Click here
or on the image above to
watch my interview.
The president announced he would issue an
executive action on immigration. Americans are tired of political games
and ready for their elected officials to work together, but our
country needs a president who is willing to do the same. Obamas reoccurring
top-down style of leadership is no way to build trust among the
people of this great nationand his decision to go-at-it-alone shows
blatant disregard for the will of the American people. Immigration is a
complex issue warranting a thorough discussion, and it is a conversation
that should include all three branches of
government.
This week
I
participated in a discussion on energy at National Journal's
"Powering the 21st Century Policy Summit." It was a great conversation and
allowed for my colleague, Congressman Jerry McNerney, and I to discuss
the advantages and disadvantages of renewable and non-renewable energy.
Congressman McNerney
and I then co-hosted an unveiling of the utility industrys first
plug-in electric hybrid work trucks for use during power outages. I hope you
will check out some of the photos
below.
I am so thankful for the
opportunity to serve you in Congress.
Please contact my office in
Washington, Dunn or Asheboro if we can be of assistance to
you.
Powering the 21st Century:
I really enjoyed
participating in National Journal's "Powering the 21st Century Policy
Summit" at the Newseum in Washington. It was a great opportunity to discuss
our thoughts on promoting energy efficiency and what the next steps
are for improving America's energy future.
An Example of Smart Grid
Innovation:
I have the honor of co-chairing the Grid Innovation Caucus here in
the House with Congressman Jerry McNerney (D-CA-09). We held a press
conference on Thursday to feature new technology that improves and
expands the use of smart grid
technology.
Standing with representatives of
various energy industries at the press conference featuring electric
repair
trucks.
Congressman McNerney and I enjoyed addressing the crowd on the way
that technology is improving reliability and efficiency in our
nation's electric
system.
One of the coolest moments of the day was when I plugged
the PG&amp;E exportable power truck into the Nissan Leaf. This takes
electricity from the truck's battery and charges the Nissan Leaf.
Let
Me Know What You Think! The Constitution is clear: Congress writes the laws and the
President is tasked with enforcing them. Immigration is a complex issue
warranting a thorough discussion, and it is a conversation that should
include all three branches of government. I agree with the statement above. I disagree with the statement
above. *By answering this survey, you are subscribing to my
newsletter. If you are having trouble, click here.
Washington, DC
426 Cannon HOB
Washington, DC 20515
Phone: (202) 225-4531
Fax: (202) 225-5662
Dunn NC
406 W.
Broad Street
Dunn, NC 28334
Phone: (910) 230-1910
Fax: (910) 230-1940
Asheboro, NC
222 Sunset Avenue, Suite
101
Asheboro, North Carolina
27203
Phone: (336) 626-3060
Fax: (336) 629-7819
Toll Free in NC:
1-877-645-8764
Unsubscribe
|
Update My
Profile
|
Privacy Policy
gateway mail end 