DOCTYPE html PUBLIC '-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.0 Transitional//EN' 'http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml1/DTD/xhtml1-transitional.dtd'
Congressional Report
NOVEMBER 3, 2014
SERVING THE 34TH DISTRICT OF TEXAS
Share
Dear Friends,
The last two weeks have been busy in South Texas.
Last week, I attended the Naval Air Station Kingsvilles annual ball, which commemorates the founding of the U.S. Navy.
It was an honor to hear Sergeant Dakota Meyer deliver the keynote address. Sgt. Meyer was awarded the Medal of Honor for his heroics during a battle in Afghanistan.
On September 8, 2009, near the village of Ganjgal, under enemy fire, Meyer searched for missing service members.
He personally evacuated 12 wounded soldiers and provided cover for another 24 Marines and soldiers to escape.
Congressman Vela visiting with Commander Misner and his wife Shannon at the Navy Ball
Recently, I was joined by Paco Valentin, State Director of the U.S. Department of Agriculture Rural Development, to announce funding awards to Santa Maria ISD, San Benito Economic Development Corporation and Raymondville Economic Development Corporation.
Santa Maria ISD will receive a direct loan in the amount of $8.3 million to construct a new high school that will provide classrooms, science labs, technology labs, a library, cafeteria and administration space.
Funds awarded to the San Benito Economic Development Corporation and Raymondville Economic Development Corporation will be used to create revolving loan programs to assist small and emerging businesses grow and create new jobs.
Congressman Vela speaks at Santa Maria ISD award ceremony
Last week, I spoke at Traces to Remember, a project of the Global Embassy of Activists for Peace.
The project collects the testimony of Holocaust survivors so that the world never forgets this dark chapter of the 20th Century.
The first commemorative plaque for the Traces to Remember project was unveiled with the handprints of Holocaust survivor Leon Horn.
Mr. Horn, who lives in Brownsville, explained the suffering he and his family endured at the hands of the Nazis. His personal account reminds Americans and its policy makers that we must stand up and promote human rights.
Congressman Vela Speaking at Traces to Remember
I also visited with Brownsville students at the Congressional Financial Education Summit.
The summit brought together hundreds of high school juniors and seniors to give them the tools they need to make better financial decisions as they prepare for college.
BISD, United Way, United Brownsville, Communities in Schools and local banks all participated in the event together to share their knowledge and resources with the students.
Congressman Vela with visits with high school students at the financial education summit
In Weslaco, I had the privilege of speaking at a luncheon to announce that Texas A&amp;M Kingsville's Frank H. Dotterweich College of Engineering will begin offering students the opportunity to earn an engineering degree from the Frank H. Dotterweich College of Engineering.
The program will eventually grow to include 800 students and 35 professors.
The importance of producing more engineers in South Texas cannot be overstated.
Since being elected to office two years ago, many of the local projects that I have worked on such as dredging our ports, the installation of a SpaceX Launchpad, the designation of I-69 and restoring our costal wetlands all require competent engineers.
Congressman Vela speaks at luncheon recognizing A&amp;M-Kingsville's Dotterweich College of Engineering
Over the weekend, I visited with veterans at the American Legion in Harlingen.
President Harry Truman in a 1951 speech at an American Legion event said, I know the Legion. I know what a tremendous force for good it can be--and what a tremendous force for good it has been.
I thanked the veterans for their service to our country and their commitment to the American Legion.
I reminded the audience that on a daily basis my office helps veterans navigate the VA bureaucracy.
If any veteran is in need of assistance my office is willing to help.
Congressman Vela speaks at American Legion in Harlingen
Sincerely,
Congressman Filemon Vela
Member of Congress
Rep. Vela in the News
Caption Here...
Click to see recent news reports
Social Media
To keep up with news and developments from the 34th District of Texas and Capitol Hill, follow Congressman Vela online.
Focus on the District
34th District
Help with a Federal Agency
Request a Flag
Tour Requests
TEXAS OFFICES
WASHINGTON DC OFFICE
Alice Office
500 East Main
Alice, TX 78332
Phone: (956) 544-8352
Brownsville Office
333 Ebony Avenue
Brownsville, TX 78520
Phone: (956) 544-8352
San Benito Office
1390 W. Expressway 83
San Benito, TX 78586
Phone: (956) 544-8352
437 Canon HOB
Washington, DC 20515
phone: 202-225-9901
Unsubscribe
-
Privacy Policy
Click Here Click Here