
For Immediate Release
November 1 8 , 2014
Contact:
Molly Edwards
202-226-4 774
Camp Expresses Support for Adoption as Nation Marks
National Adoption Month
Washington, DC
This November, Congressman Dave Camp (R-MI) is proud to celebrate National Adoption Month, as well as National Adoption Day on November 22, to raise awareness about the thousands of children in foster care awaiting families.
This month is also a time to pay tribute to the dedicated individuals who have adopted children and those who work hard each day to make adoption a reality, like Midland County Probate Judge and Michigan Fourth Congressional District 2014
Angel in Adoption award recipient
Dorene Allen.
An unwavering advocate for children and families, Judge Allen has dedicated her career to issues that affect kids, particularly those in need of safe, loving and stable homes.
In the 14 years she has been a probate judge, Judge Allen has finalized nearly 700 adoptions.
Congressman Camp has also taken a number of specific actions to help children in need of safe, loving and permanent homes.
This includes co-sponsoring legislation to highlight the importance of adoption, as well developing and passing legislation that will help increase adoptions of children from foster care.
These recent efforts have capped Camps legislative career dedicated to increasing adoptions and ensuring more children have permanent families:
November 2014 : Camp co-sponsored legislation in support of National Adoption Day and National Adoption Month to raise awareness of the over 400,000 children nationwide in foster care in need of a permanent home.
June 2014 : Camp, along with his Ways and Means Committee colleagues, introduced H.R. 4980, the
Preventing Sex Trafficking and Strengthening Families Act .
This bipartisan legislation was designed to reduce child sex trafficking as well as increase adoptions, including those among the hardest-to-place children.
Congress passed Camps bill in September, and on September 29, 2014, President Obama signed it into law.
Read more about this law
here .
2008 : Camps proposal to provide equitable access for foster care and adoption services for Indian children in tribal areas passed as part of the
Fostering Connections to Success and Increasing Adoptions Act , allowing tribal governments to receive funding to administer adoption and foster care programs directly.
2003 : President George W. Bush signed into law Camps legislation, the
Adoption Promotion Act , which created new financial incentives for states that increase adoptions of older children from foster care.
2001 : Camp secured passage of a provision in the historic 2001 tax relief package that expanded the adoption tax credit to $10,000, easing the financial burden of adoption.
Camp also led the effort to ensure that the adoption tax credit was made permanent, which occurred in 2012.
1997 : Camp, in collaboration with 30 other members of Congress, introduced and passed the
Adoption and Safe Families Act
that was signed into law by President Bill Clinton on November 19, 1997.
This law streamlined the adoption process to quickly help move more children in foster care into permanent adoptive homes.
In the decade following that legislation, the number of U.S. children adopted increased by 71 percent.
As displayed above, during his time in Congress
and because of bills Camp helped craft
the number of children waiting to be adopted from foster care in Michigan and across the U.S. has steadily declined.
While this data is encouraging, it shows that thousands of children are still waiting to be adopted, proving more work is needed.
To find out more about National Adoption Day, National Adoption Month and Congressional action to increase adoptions, visit the Congressional Coalition on Adoption Institute's
website .
###
Connect with Congressman Camp online:
