
Stay
Connected
November 6, 2014
Dear Friend,
As a Certified Public
Accountant and a former businessman for
nearly 30 years, I have experienced
first-hand the uncertainty created by
Washington, which makes it difficult for a
business to plan from one year to the next.
We need to give businesses more
predictability so that our job creators can
develop a strategy for their financial
futures and create the jobs that we need.
One of the best examples of
the uncertainty created by Washington is the
frequent expiration and extension of
long-established and highly utilized tax
policies, which leaves our small businesses
constantly guessing whether a group of
policies that they rely on will be around
next year.Families and employers are
uncertain which tax benefits they will be
able to take advantage of from year to year,
making it impossible to plan for what they'll
owe or how much they can invest. Yet,
when examining these provisions, such as the
research and development tax credit, we find
that some have been around for thirty years
or more and are often renewed retroactively,
defeating their purpose of encouraging
investment. This is simply bad policy. How
can we expect businesses to hire or increase
wages for workers when they do not know what
their operating costs will be from year to
year?Extending or making these tax
policies permanent now will open the door for
the economic growth we need.
Since joining the Ways &amp;
Means Committee, I have advocated for a
simpler, fairer tax code that will encourage
our small businesses to hire and expand, and
provide relief to individuals and families
who continue to grapple with the complexities
of the current system. Over the past year, I
participated in bipartisan working groups and
multiple hearings that led to Chairman
Camps proposal, which would make our
tax code simpler, fairer, and more
competitive. It would strengthen our economy,
provide predictability to our small
businesses, and create up to 1.8 million
jobs. While it is not perfect, it is a
comprehensive plan that is now on the table
and up for debate.
The Ways &amp; Means
Committee is working to make important
provisions of the code permanent, providing
much-needed certainty to businesses. I have
supported several permanent extensions in the
House, including the New Markets Tax Credit.
This tax credit encourages development in
underserved areas and brings economic
opportunity to neighborhoods that have often
faced several generations of hardship. For
instance, New Market Tax Credits have played
a role in helping to revitalize downtown
Cleveland. By making this tax credit
permanent, investors and developers will be
able to plan for the future and help grow our
economy, while at the same time creating new
opportunities for the unemployed and
underemployed. I am also a supporter of
making Bonus Depreciation permanent, which
passed the House of Representatives this past
July. Bonus Depreciation encourages
businesses to grow by reducing the amount of
time it takes to recover those costs.
Thirdly, I supported making the Research and
Development tax credit permanent, which will
help promote innovation and maintain our role
as a global innovator. This bill passed the
House of Representatives this past May.
Lastly, I have supported the permanent
extension of Section 179, which allows small
businesses to jump start their investments in
new equipment and hiring.
While the goal is
long-term, permanent reform of our overly
burdensome tax system, I will continue to
work to give businesses more certainty so
that they can appropriately plan for their
futures and create and keep good-paying jobs
here at home. We've already waited too long
to bring certainty and predictability to our
job creators. While the House has already
acted to make several provisions permanent,
the Senate and President are unwilling to
provide their support for this commonsense
approach. We must work together to agree on
an extension of critical tax provisions, and
continue to work toward comprehensive reform.
While I would rather see permanent tax
reform, we owe it to the American people to
provide some degree of certainty and relief
by passing an extenders package as soon as
possible.
If our office can be of assistance to you,
please don't hesitate to call us at our
Wadsworth office: (330) 334-0040, Parma
office: (440) 882-6779, or Washington office:
(202) 225-3876. I also encourage you to visit
our website at
renacci.house.gov and
subscribe to our
Facebook ,
Twitter ,
and
YouTube pages
to get the latest updates on my work in
Washington and Ohio's 16th
District. Sincerely,
Wadsworth:
(330) 334-0040 | Parma: (440) 882-6779 |
Washington, DC: (202) 225-3876
Home
|
Privacy
Policy
|
Unsubscribe
This e-mail was sent to dj724530@gmail.com
Click here to unsubscribe
Congressman Jim Renacci
130 Cannon House Office Building
Washington, DC 20515
Phone: (202) 225-3876
Fax: (202) 225-3059