
If you are having
trouble viewing this message or would like to share it on a social
network, you can
view the
message online .
HOME
ABOUT
CONTACT ME
SERVING YOU
MEDIA CENTER
ISSUES &amp; LEGISLATION
OUR
DISTRICT
November 14, 2014
Dear Friend,
Today I joined
the House is voting yet again to approve the Keystone XL
pipeline.
Its past time to build. State Department estimates show that
construction on the pipeline would create over 42,100 jobs. As part
of an all-of-the-above energy strategy, the pipeline will help us move
towards North American energy independence and boost our economic
growth. TransCanada has agreed to measures that will make this the safest
pipeline in history. Building is simple common sense, and its time
for Democratic-controlled Senate to stop standing in the way of jobs for
tens of thousands of Americans.
Click above to view my remarks about Keystone XL pipeline
safety.
I spoke on the
House floor last night about some of the safety procedures TransCanada has
agreed to.
You can view my short speech with details
on these measures here . The State Departments
most recent environmental impact statement , the second issued on
the Keystone XL pipeline, concludes that not building the pipeline
creates greater safety and environmental risks than building, since the
necessary oil would be transported through other means if not through the
pipeline.
Announcements emerged this week that the
President is considering taking sweeping executive action on immigration
reform. Finding a real and long term solution to our broken immigration
system is a priority I share with the President, but an executive
order isn't real leadership and it's not a lasting reform that will give
certainty to a land of immigrants. We need an American solution, not a
purely political move. The President should be working with members of
Congress like myself to find common legislative ground.
Carolina
Gonzalez has been interening in my office for the past several months and
has been a great help to my
staff.
It was an honor to join one of my interns, Carolina
Gonzalez, at her graduation ceremony last night from the Congressional
Hispanic Caucus Institute. Carolina has been a great asset to my office
this semester, answering phone calls, assisting with tours and flags,
and helping draft letters.
My purple tie was in recognition
of World Pancreatic Cancer Day and Pancreatic Cancer Action Network's
Purple for a Purpose campaign. As the fourth leading cause of cancer
death in men and women, we should all do everything we can do to raise
awareness and contribute to efforts to fight this
disease.
Congratulations are in order to several Hughson High School
students on their first place win in the poultry judging contest at the FFA
convention in Louisville, Kentucky last month!
Read
more on the four-person team from Hughson here .
JEFF
DENHAM
Do you support building the Keystone XL
pipeline?
Yes No After learning more about the
safety provisions TransCanada has agreed to put into place and the
results of the State Departments environmental reviews, do you feel
confident in the safety of the pipeline? Yes No *By answering this survey, you are subscribing to my
newsletter. If you are having trouble, click here.
E-mail Updates
Yes, please periodically send me e-mail
updates.*
*By subscribing to my
e-mail
updates, you are authorizing me to send regular e-mail updates from my
office to your e-mail account.
DC office:
1730
Longworth HOB
Washington, DC
20515
P:
202-225-4540
F: 202-225-3402
Modesto
Office:
4701 Sisk Road, Suite 202
Modesto, CA 95356
P:
209-579-5458
F: 209-579-5028
Unsubscribe
|
Update My Profile
|
Privacy Policy
gateway mail end 