
Dear Friend,
Thank you for signing up to receive my email newsletter. These
newsletters will cover a variety of topics, including events happening
in Indiana, legislation being considered in Congress, and my
perspective on current issues. My hope is to keep you updated and
informed on how issues in Washington may impact Hoosiers. I welcome
your feedback.
Thanks for reading,
Dan Coats
_____
Obama's Immigration Order Unconstitutional, Unfair
Click here
or on the image above to watch my reaction to the president's
announcement of executive action on immigration.
President Obama's actions to change existing immigration policy and
grant amnesty via executive order exceed his Constitutional authority,
ignore the wishes of the American people and contradict his past
assertions that only Congress can set immigration policy.
President Obama's role, as the executive, is to faithfully execute our
laws, not create, alter or ignore them as he sees fit.
This unilateral action is a disservice to everyone who followed the law
to legally immigrate to the United States.
I am working with my colleagues to explore all options - legislative
and legal - to stop the president's blatant disregard for our nation's
system of checks and balances.
_____
Keystone: A Top Priority for a Republican Senate
This week Senate Democrats blocked passage of the Keystone XL Pipeline,
a project that would have resulted in new jobs and increased American
energy independence.
The Keystone XL Pipeline is the largest, ready-to-build infrastructure
project in the United States. The complete route of the pipeline will
span from Alberta, Canada to the U.S. Gulf Coast.
For the past six years, the U.S. Department of State has reviewed
hundreds of thousands of comments and completed numerous environmental
impact statements, all of which have found the pipeline will have no
significant impact on the environment.
The State Department has determined that authorization of the pipeline
would support 40,000 jobs and transport an additional 830,000 barrels
of oil per day to U.S. refineries.
While I am disappointed that this bill failed to pass the Senate this
year, passing a Keystone XL Pipeline bill will be a top priority of the
new Republican Senate in 2015.
Coats in the News
Tristate Homepage: Sen. Dan Coats Responds to Peter Kassig's Death
Indianapolis Star: Dan Coats- Republicans need to be solution oriented
Indiana Public Media: Indiana Senators Oppose Obama's Immigration
Action
Kokomo Tribune: Coats counting on compromise
RTV6 Indianapolis: Senate Democrats reject bill to build oil pipeline
_____
Stay Connected
_____
Coats on Fox News
Click here
or on the image above to watch me discuss the Keystone XL Pipeline
vote with Gretchen Carlson on Fox News.
_____
To unsubscribe please
Click Here
Contact Me
Latest News
A message
from Senator Dan Coats
Dear
Friend,
Thank you for signing up to receive my email
newsletter. These newsletters will cover a variety of topics,
including
events happening in Indiana, legislation being
considered
in Congress, and my perspective on current issues.
My
hope is to keep you updated and informed on how issues in Washington may impact Hoosiers. I welcome your
feedback.
Thanks for reading,
Dan Coats
Obama's Immigration Order Unconstitutional, Unfair
Click
here
or on the image above to watch my reaction to the president&#8217;s announcement of executive
action on immigration.
President
Obama&#8217;s actions to change existing immigration policy and grant amnesty via executive order exceed
his Constitutional authority, ignore the wishes of the American people and contradict his past assertions
that only Congress can set immigration policy.
President Obama&#8217;s role, as the executive, is to faithfully execute our laws, not create, alter
or ignore them as he sees fit.
This unilateral action is a disservice to everyone who followed the law to legally immigrate to the
United States.
I am working with my colleagues to explore all options &#8211; legislative and legal &#8211; to stop
the president&#8217;s blatant disregard for our nation&#8217;s system of checks and balances.
Keystone: A
Top Priority for a Republican Senate
This
week Senate Democrats blocked passage of the Keystone XL Pipeline, a project that would have resulted
in new jobs and increased American energy independence.
The
Keystone XL Pipeline is the largest, ready-to-build infrastructure project in the United States. The
complete route of the pipeline will span from Alberta, Canada to the U.S. Gulf Coast.
For
the past six years, the U.S. Department of State has reviewed hundreds of thousands of comments and completed
numerous environmental impact statements, all of which have found the pipeline will have no significant
impact on the environment.
The
State Department has determined that authorization of the pipeline would support 40,000 jobs and
transport
an additional 830,000 barrels of oil per day to U.S. refineries.
While I am disappointed that this bill failed
to pass the Senate this year, p assing a
Keystone XL Pipeline bill will be a top priority of the new Republican Senate in 2015.
Coats
in the News
Tristate
Homepage: Sen. Dan Coats Responds to Peter Kassig's Death
Indianapolis
Star: Dan Coats- Republicans need to be solution oriented
Indiana
Public Media: Indiana Senators Oppose Obama&#8217;s Immigration Action
Kokomo
Tribune: Coats counting on compromise
RTV6
Indianapolis:
Senate
Democrats reject bill to build oil pipeline
Stay
Connected
Coats on Fox News
Click
here
or on the image above to watch me discuss the Keystone XL Pipeline vote with Gretchen Carlson on
Fox News.
To
unsubscribe please
Click
Here
Contact
Me Latest
News
