
A Plan for the New Majority
Sunday, November 11, 2014
Back To Washington
Im excited at the prospects for the next two years.
The recent election has brought about a historic change in Washington, increasing our Republican majority in the House and creating a new Republican majority in the Senate.
With these majorities well be able to place legislation on the Presidents desk which will put Americans back to work, increase energy production, take care of our veterans, end Obamacare, and secure our border.
My priorities include:
Secure the border.
In the 1980s we were promised that in exchange for amnesty the border would be secured.
It still is not secure and the President wants to do amnesty again.
Einstein defined insanity as doing the same thing over and over again and expecting different results.
Grow the economy by reducing government regulation and repealing job killing laws like Obamacare. Under Obamacare, healthcare costs continue to rise. What the Presidents signature law did was make it harder for Americans to receive quality healthcare and made it harder for employers to create new jobs through over burdensome regulations and taxes. I remain committed to repealing Obamacare and replacing it with common sense legislation that tackles the increasing costs of health care and improves the quality and access for everyone.
Balance the Federal budget so we can stop mortgaging our children and grandchildrens future.
Every American business and household knows they have to balance their budget, its time Washington got that message as well.
Simplify the Tax code.
I support replacing the current tax system with a fair tax (national sales tax).
Alternatively, I am in favor of a flat tax where there are only one or two very low tax brackets and few, if any lobbyist loopholes and deductions.
At the very least congress must simplify our tax code and remove burdensome regulations that are stifling business.
By passing these solutions, I believe that we can bring back many of the jobs weve lost overseas and become more competitive in our globalized world.
Develop our Energy Resources with an all of the above energy plan. The United States has an abundance of energy resources that need to be developed. We should push for greater energy production and support the infrastructure needed to deliver this newly available energy to our households and businesses. Our district is home to vast amounts of natural gas that has a great potential to create jobs and lower energy costs as well as help our allies in the world who are dependent on other nations seeking to control them through energy manipulation.
I co-sponsored
H.R. 6 , the Domestic Prosperity and Global Freedom Act which aims to expedite the approval of liquefied natural gas export applications that passed the house and lies waiting for action in the Senate. By allowing for more domestic energy production we can become energy independent and bring thousands of jobs to our area. The creation of the Keystone Pipeline is a perfect example of this. The Keystone XL Pipeline alone could bring over 40,000 new jobs and add around $2 billion in earnings to our economy
On Friday I voted, Yea for
H.R. 5682
to approve the keystone pipeline.
The bill passed
252 to 161 , with 31 democrats voting for approval.
This bill is also now on Harry Reids desk awaiting Senate action.
Keep the promises made to our veterans. I am confident our new Majority in both chambers of Congress will work together to completely overhaul and reform the Veterans Affairs Administration. The wait-times and mistreatment of our Veterans is completely unacceptable, and our veterans deserve the benefits they were promised.
I am eager to get to work accomplishing the things you elected me to do.
I am honored to be chosen by you to represent you in Washington. The New Year will bring many great opportunities, and I will continue to work hard to meet your needs.
Thank you for your support and encouragement and please keep my family and me in your prayers.
Honoring Our Veterans
Last Tuesday was Veterans Day, and I was proud to attend several events in our community that honored those who have sacrificed so much to defend our freedom. On the Monday before Veterans Day, I spoke to community members at the Grand Opening of the East Campus Veterans Center at Del Mar College.
The Center will provide our veterans with the services, benefits, and resources they need to obtain advanced educational degrees.
On Veterans Day, I stopped by Texas A&amp;M Corpus Christi for their Veterans Career Fair to meet and thank businesses who provide our veterans opportunities to pursue their careers as they return to civilian life.
Next, I attended the Veterans Day Ceremony at Sherrill Park.
This event was hosted by the Corpus Christi Mayor's Committee for Veterans Affairs and the 82nd Airborne Association of Corpus Christi.
I want to thank Chairman Al Cantu, for giving me the opportunity to thank our Veterans during the ceremony.
I then attended a Veterans Day celebration at Trinity Towers in Corpus Christi where I was able to visit with residents and honor the veterans who were present. My next event of the day was at the USS Lexington Museum for their Veterans Day Ceremony. The Ceremony featured a performance by the Corpus Christi Veterans Band and Honor Guard. For my final stop of the day, I headed down to Brewster Street Ice House to welcome members of Ride Texas and many of our Wounded Warriors, to the end of their 400 plus mile trip across Texas to honor our Veterans.
This event was highlighted by a concert performed by George P. Nunn.
It was truly an honor to meet with our veterans and participate in the various events held on Veterans Day!
I returned to Washington on Wednesday and got right back to work with my role on the House Judiciary Committee and attended a markup of
H.R. 5441 , which passed committee and would amend the Veterans of Foreign Wars of the United States (VFW) charter and change the language of their charter to include women. It does this by changing the definition of the VFW to a national association of veterans.
This simple change will expand the VFWs purpose to assisting all surviving spouses of our veterans.
A Step Towards Energy Independence
This Friday, the House voted to put America back on the path to prosperity.
We voted to pass
H.R. 5682 , a bill to approve the Keystone XL Pipeline, by a vote of
252 to 161.
The voice of the American people was heard on Election Day, and my Republican colleagues and I are wasting no time during the last few months of this year by passing legislation that will help grow our economy, create jobs, and boost Americas energy independence.
Protecting our Postal Workers
This week I released a joint statement alongside House Committee on Oversight and Government Reform Chairman, Darrell Issa (R-CA), regarding the announcement by the United States Postal Services (USPS) that Chinese hackers purportedly attacked the Postal Services data network, compromising the personnel data of over 800,000 employees, which I find extremely alarming. You can read the full statement
here.
Next week, I will be chairing a subcommittee hearing where I will hear testimony from agency officials to find out exactly how this breach occurred, what the agency has done, and will do in the future to protect postal employees.
I also want to find out what postal officials think these Chinese hackers want with our data.
CONNECT
LATEST NEWS
After USPS hack, Carper pushes for cyber bills in lame duck
U.S. will be 'very candid' with China - After the lame duck, cyber starts from square one
Politico
House hearing will probe Postal Service breach
The Hill
Del Mar College marks grand opening of Veterans Center
Corpus Christi Caller Times
Hacked Employees File Charges Against Postal Service
Government Executive
WEEK AHEAD
Monday morning, I will be live on air with Jim
Lago in the Morning
from 6AM to 9AM Central 1360 KKTX Radio News .
Monday afternoon, I will welcome the Texas A&amp;M Corpus Christi Men's Basketball Team to our Capital as the prepare for their game against Georgetown University .
On Wednesday, I will be chairing a hearing on the Federal Workforce, US Postal Service, and the Census Subcommittee titled "Examining Data Security at the United States Postal Service."
SNAPSHOTS
11/14-Luis Buentello, with my office, attended the triple-chamber Ribbon Cutting Ceremony for Stripe's new store with its new partnership Sunoco.
11/14- The Hispanic Chamber of Commerce held its "Buenos Dias Corpus Christi" event at Coastal Compass: Education and Career Resources Center which is a comprehensive, one-stop resource center where clients receive free assistance with all types of education and career development programs.
11/14-The Disabled American Veterans Post 150 held their final monthly meeting for the year last night at the Embassy Suites in Corpus Christi. They are planning their Veterans Appreciation Luncheon for Thanksgiving this coming Thursday, November 20, at noon at the Vet Center of Corpus Christi located at 4646 Corona Street, Corpus Christi, Texas.
11/13- My Field Representative, Carol Wootton, attended the El Campo Chamber of Commerce hosted a ribbon cutting to announce the opening of The Crisis Center Resale Shop. The Crisis Center serves Wharton and Matagorda Counties.
11/13- My Veterans Field Representative, Rene Coronado, attended The United Vietnam Veterans of Texas' annual Veterans Thanksgiving Luncheon today in appreciation for our Veterans Service and Sacrifice to our Nation.
11/13- Luis Buentello, with my office, attended the Padre Island Business Association held its monthly luncheon this afternoon. Tom Klassen, Executive Director for Halo-Flight, Inc. gave a presentation on his company and the air-medical services they provide to our community .
11/12- The Catholic War Veterans Post 1956 of Corpus Christi, Texas, held their monthly board meeting tonight at the Villa Maria Senior Center. The Catholic War Veterans has been a Congressionally Chartered Veterans Organization since 1984.
11/11- I attended a Veterans Day Ceremony on board the USS Lexington Museum. The Ceremony featured a performance by the Corpus Christi Veterans Band and Honor Guard and was hosted by the Lexington Society.
11/11- I attended the Trinity Towers Veterans Day Celebration. I was glad to visit the residents at Trinity Towers and honor the veterans present and to thank them for their sacrifice and service to our country.
11/11- My Field Representative, Luis Buentello, attended the City of Rockport held its Veterans Day Ceremony at the Veterans Memorial Park where around 100 veterans gathered to celebrate this special day.
11/11- The Corpus Christi Mayor's Committee for Veterans Affairs and the 82nd Airborne Association of Corpus Christi held a Veterans Day Ceremony at Sherrill Park. Thanks to Chairmen, Al Cantu, for giving me the opportunity to thank our veterans during the ceremony.
11/11-
I stopped by TAMUCC Veteran's Career Fair to thank all vendors for caring for our veterans and providing opportunities not only for a job, but for a career.
11/11-I attended the CCREDC CEO's breakfast at Kiko's Restaurant and listened to the latest on the economic situation in our region. Things are looking great for our district.
11/10-I spoke at the Grand Opening of the East Campus Veterans Center at Del Mar College and Flag Posting in Corpus Christi. The Veterans Center is an addition to the Harvin Center and a place for Veteran students to call their own.
11/9-The American Legion Post 251 in El Campo held their annual Veterans dinner and fundraiser today, honoring Veterans with a BBQ meal and raising funds with silent and live auctions. Carol Wootton, my Field Representative, attended the event.
WEBSITE
|
UNSUBSCRIBE
|
CONTACT
Click Here Click Here