
December 6, 2014
Click here
if you have trouble viewing this email
ABOUT DENNIS
|
SERVING YOU
|
NEWSROOM
|
ISSUES &amp; LEGISLATION
|
15TH DISTRICT
|
CONTACT
15th District Update
Dear Neighbor,
This week my colleagues and I voted on a series of bills that will help families, small businesses, and those in our community with serious disabilities. We also considered the National Defense Authorization Act (NDAA) of Fiscal Year 2015. Please allow me take a moment to explain how I voted on these various matters.
The first bill I voted to pass, H.R. 647, the
Achieving a Better Life Experience
(ABLE)
Act , takes a simple but powerful step toward helping families with disabilities. Many families are able to receive tax incentives when saving for college or when using retirement accounts. Unfortunately, tax preferred accounts are not available to individuals with disabilities. The ABLE Act empowers families to save money for their disabled children in a tax-preferred account so their child can maintain their health and independence throughout their lives. In the state of Florida, 15.6% of individuals are disabled and I am happy to help them and their families better plan for the future.
I also voted to pass H.R. 5771, the
Tax Increase Prevention Act
which is a package of tax extenders that will prevent tax hikes on small businesses, manufacturers and hardworking Americans. This legislation will extend 55 tax provisions including one that will help small businesses utilize research and developments opportunities. Another will provide teachers the opportunities to file for a deduction for supplies they purchased with their own funds to help their students in the classroom.
On Thursday, the House took up the FY 15 NDAA, a bill that I could not vote for. After speaking with local veterans and military leaders in Polk and Hillsborough County, I voted against reduced benefits and a reduction in a pay raise for service members that was included in the NDAA. There needs to be a proper balance of military compensation, training and equipment but this NDAA does not meet that requirement. Instead, it decreases the military pay raise I helped to pass earlier this year and puts additional burdens on our service members and their families through increased prescription drug costs.
We already ask our military to make incredible sacrifices for the security of our nation. We must look at other areas of the defense budget before we put more of a financial burden on our war heroes.
As always, please continue to
write ,
call , and
email
your opinions to my office. I could not effectively represent you in Congress without your thoughtful input. It is an honor and a privilege to serve you in Congress.
Your Congressman,
Dennis A. Ross
WASHINGTON, D.C. OFFICE
229 Cannon HOB
Washington, D.C. 20515
T(202) 225-1252
F(202) 226-0585
LAKELAND OFFICE
170 Fitzgerald Rd., Ste 1
Lakeland, FL 33813
T(863) 644-8215
T(813) 752-4790
F(863) 648-0749
UPDATE SUBSCRIPTION OPTIONS
|
PRIVACY POLICY
|
CONTACT US
Click Here Click Here