DOCTYPE html PUBLIC '-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.0 Transitional//EN' 'http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml1/DTD/xhtml1-transitional.dtd'
Congressional Report
November 21, 2014
SERVING THE 34TH DISTRICT OF TEXAS
Share
Dear Friends,
After a busy district work period in South Texas, I returned to Washington last week when Congress was called back into session. On Monday, I spoke on the House Floor and urged my colleagues to support increased funding for Alzheimer's research. Every 67 seconds someone in the United States develops Alzheimer's, and with additional funding we can move forward with research for this disease.
To view my floor speech,
click here.
Additionally, I spoke out against the violence plaguing Mexico. Edmund Burke said All that is necessary for the triumph of evil is that good men do nothing.
Those who murdered Erica Alvarado Salinas, Alex Alvarado, and Jose Angel Alvarado must be held accountable. To view this floor speech,
click here.
I also denounced the disappearance of 43 students in Iguala, Mexico. I called on the U.S. State Department to ensure that the Mexican government thoroughly investigate these atrocities and that those responsible be brought to justice and prosecuted to the fullest extent of the law. To view this floor speech,
click here.
Last week, our country celebrated Veterans Day to honor the brave men and women who have selflessly served our country.
On Veterans Day, we reflect on the sacrifices made by American troops in conflicts from the American Revolutionary Warm to the Iraq War.
Congressman Vela visits with Bee County Commissioner Eloy Rodriguez
who served in the United States Marine Corps
These wars, over the past 240 years, have shaped our country, but they have also affected many of the lives of those who served.
Today, we enjoy the liberties we have because of the brave servicemembers throughout our history who were willing to fight. I had the honor of attending Veterans Day ceremonies in Mathis and Beeville that allowed me to thank those who served.
Congressman Vela visits with a World War II Veteran in Mathis
I recently had the opportunity to visit Canales Elementary in Brownsville to speak with several 5 th
grade classes and explain the three branches of the federal government. We also discussed how the legislative process works, and what my job is as a Representative.
I was impressed with the students' knowledge and attentiveness during my visit and left each student with a personal pocket Constitution.
Congressman Vela presents to a group of students at Canales Elementary
It was a pleasure to serve as the speaker at the Cuero Community Leaders breakfast. I presented a powerpoint to the group on key issues impacting South Texas, such as the Eagle Ford Shale oil and gas play, the important role of the Naval Air Station in Kingsville in training carrier pilots, and the Farm Bill.
Congressman Vela speaks to Cuero community leaders
On Friday, I participated in a Skype call with the Orange Grove High School chapter of Future Farmers of America (FFA). During the call, students presented their mock trial titled Rigs to Reef or Rigs to Grief. The students have been presenting their trial at area Leadership Development Events (LDEs) against other FFA chapters. It was great to interact with this bright group, and I wish them the best of luck as they continue to advance in their LDEs.
Congressman Vela skypes with Orange Grove High School FFA
In closing, I would like to again invite you to the 2nd Annual Congressional Veterans Summit on Saturday, November 22, 2014 from 9:00AM - 1:00PM. This is a free event at the International Technology, Education and Commence Center, formerly known as Amigoland Mall, on 301 Mexico Blvd. The Summit will provide veterans with a one-stop shop, allowing them to meet with and receive services from many different organizations and agencies. Brownsville Metro and Valley Metro will be providing free transportation to and from the event for veterans. Veterans who would like to enroll in the VA Texas Coastal Bend Health Care System should bring their DD214. For more information about the event, please call (956) 544-8352.
Sincerely,
Filemon Vela
Member of Congress
Rep. Vela in the News
Congressman Vela meeting with press after naturalization ceremony at Palo Alto Battlefield National Historical Park
Click to see recent news reports
Social Media
To keep up with news and developments from the 34th District of Texas and Capitol Hill, follow Congressman Vela online.
Focus on the District
34th District
Help with a Federal Agency
Request a Flag
Tour Requests
TEXAS OFFICES
WASHINGTON DC OFFICE
Alice Office
500 East Main
Alice, TX 78332
Phone: (956) 544-8352
Brownsville Office
333 Ebony Avenue
Brownsville, TX 78520
Phone: (956) 544-8352
San Benito Office
1390 W. Expressway 83
San Benito, TX 78586
Phone: (956) 544-8352
437 Canon HOB
Washington, DC 20515
phone: 202-225-9901
Unsubscribe
-
Privacy Policy
Click Here Click Here