
NPR reports: The Supreme Court is hearing a case from Alabama today that could have HUGE consequences for voting rights -- and whether the GOP will be able to enact more shameful voter suppression laws.
Friend --
NPR
reports: The Supreme Court is hearing a case from Alabama today that could have HUGE consequences for voting rights -- and whether the GOP will be able to enact more shameful voter suppression laws.
Republicans would LOVE to be able to keep more people from the polls -- because when there are fewer voters, they tend to win. According to the
Washington Post , the GOP&rsquo;s &ldquo;voter suppression efforts may have changed the outcomes of some of the closest races&rdquo; in this year&rsquo;s election! It&rsquo;s outrageous.
As Democrats, we stand for voting rights for EVERY AMERICAN.
That&rsquo;s why we need to stand up RIGHT NOW and DENOUNCE Republican attempts to suppress the vote.
Will you add your name? Tell the GOP: Stop denying the American people their voting rights!
Your Action History
Last Petition Signed:
N/A
Denounce Voter Suppression:
Signature Pending &gt;&gt;
About today&rsquo;s Supreme Court case: In Alabama, GOP legislators attempted to gerrymander electoral districts to consolidate African American voters into fewer districts -- increasing the number of majority-White districts, which are more likely to elect Republicans. It&rsquo;s a disgustingly cynical attempt to keep the GOP in power for decades.
NPR
reports that &quot;The court&#39;s decision could have ramifications&hellip; [for] everything from voter ID requirements to restrictions on absentee ballots and early voting.&quot;
But no matter what the Court decides,
Republicans across the country are continuing their shameful attempts at voter suppression -- and
we need to stop them.
Will you add your voice? Tell Republicans that EVERYONE deserves the right to vote.
Thank you for your support,
DSCC Breaking News
Democratic Senatorial Campaign Committee
P.O. Box 96047
Washington, DC 20090
Paid for by the Democratic Senatorial Campaign Committee, dscc.org,
and not authorized by any candidate or candidate&#39;s committee.
The DSCC is the only organization solely dedicated to supporting Democrats in the U.S. Senate. This message was sent to dj724530@gmail.com because you are a part of the DSCC&rsquo;s grassroots network. Please add us to your address book or approved senders list to make sure you keep receiving DSCC updates.
Emails are a critical way for us to stay in touch with our grassroots supporters. 99% of the DSCC&rsquo;s contributions come from grassroots donors giving less than $200. We also strive to keep you updated on issues related to the Democratic Party&rsquo;s values.
If you&rsquo;d like to stop receiving emails related to this campaign, please
click here .
If you&#39;d like to make a contribution to support us, please
click here . We are already beginning to prepare for the fight ahead &ndash; reclaiming the majority in 2016. It will take every single grassroots supporter, but we know it&rsquo;s possible with your help. If you&rsquo;d like to stop receiving all emails from the DSCC, please
unsubscribe . We greatly appreciate your continued support.
Contributions or gifts to the DSCC are not tax deductible.
