
WASHINGTON/ARKANSAS UPDATE
first district honors veterans
Each year around Veterans Day, I enjoy seeing the many ways Arkansas' First District honors the men and women who have served their country. Whether it's a ceremony with a group of fifth and sixth graders singing
God Bless America
or it's a three-volley salute in the Ozarks, the First District faithfully shows its appreciation for our Veterans. As a Veteran, as the son of a Veteran, and as the brother of Veterans, I'm honored to participate in these events, and I have a few pictures below to share with you.
This year, let's make sure we take time to thank our Veterans well beyond November 11. To all our Veterans out there, thank you for serving!
THE LEGISLATIVE WEEK AHEAD...
To learn more about Rick's upcoming legislative week in the U.S. House of Representatives, click
HERE .
Late last week, I had the honor of participating in an early Veterans Day ceremony in Mountain View by speaking and presenting flags to several World War II Veterans. This touching ceremony featured men who stormed the beaches of Normandy and who fought in the Battle of the Bulge. I thank Ozark Heritage Bank in Mountain View for the invitation!
On the morning of Veterans Day, I traveled to Cabot Middle School North to speak before a packed audience of Veterans, family members, students, and school administrators. Despite the rain forcing the planned-outdoor event indoors, Cabot administrators handled the situation gracefully with a beautiful ceremony honoring our Veterans.
Following Tuesday's event at Cabot Middle School North, I joined the Criswell-Robinson American Legion Post #71 for its 2014 Veterans Day Ceremony at the Cabot Veterans Community Center. I commend the dedication of this American Legion Post to faithfully serve First District Veterans every day.
Mentoring Grant Invests in First District Youth
I pledge my head to clearer thinking,
My heart to greater loyalty,
My hands to larger service,
and my health to better living,
for my club, my community, my country,
and my world.
THE 4-H PLEDGE
Before I graduated high school, I participated in 4-H, an extracurricular program emphasizing the importance of young people learning, growing, and working with adults as catalysts for positive change. This program began more than a century ago with agricultural roots, eventually adding life skills to its portfolio to reach six million-plus U.S. youth today, including more than 133,000 boys and girls in Arkansas. And like me, millions of adults call themselves alumni nationwide, including famous athletic, entertainment, military, and political figures.
But to understand the impact of 4-H, its important to understand its framework. 4-H focuses on four personal development areas, including head, heart, hands, and health. Head targets the ability to think to make decisions and managing resources to accomplish a purpose. Heart seeks to improve connections between two people by relating and caring. Hand encourages engaging in social responsibility through giving and accomplishing goals through working. Lastly, Health demands an improved way of living and being.
As a 4-H alumnus and a former member of the 4-H Foundation Board of Arkansas, Ive seen and experienced the positive impact this framework has played in the lives of our nations young people. 4-H presents these youth with great opportunities to learn valuable skills they can carry throughout their lives. In turn, 4-H youth are three times more likely to get involved in their communities and have educational achievement. The program has especially excelled in reaching at-risk young people.
Through its National Mentoring Program, 4-H leaders have mentored more than 30,000 young people considered at-risk, seeing significant improvements in family relationships, perceptions of social support, and social competence.
Simply put, the figures of mentoring are nothing short of staggering.
According to a study from MENTOR: The National Mentoring Partnership, at-risk young adults with mentors are 35 percent more likely to enroll and graduate from college, 81 percent more likely to participate in extracurricular activities, more than twice as likely to hold a leadership position, and 77 percent more likely to volunteer in their communities than their peers without mentors.
Consequently, I considered it a privilege to recently announce that the National 4-H Council through the Department of Justice had awarded $164,000 in support of 4-Hs mentoring program in Arkansas, including the First District, to keep our young people safe and prevent youth delinquency.
As a former 4-H member, I recognize this programs potential to reach First District youth on which society has given up. As a legislator, Im eager to our nation making a concerted investment in our youth. So, whether we have roots in 4-H or some other impactful organization, lets each pledge our head, heart, hands, and health to make the First District better. And well start with our young people.
WEBSITE
|
UNSUBSCRIBE
|
CONTACT
Click Here Click Here