
If
you are having trouble viewing this message or would like to share it
on a social network, you can
view the message online .
About
Contact
Services
Media
Center
Legislation
Issues
Resources
November 02, 2014
Friends,
Like you, Im proud to be an American
and I am grateful to call North Carolina and the Eighth District home.
As Americans, we hold dear our freedoms. We have the freedom
to succeed and we have the freedom to fail, and that is what makes our
country so great.
We the people have the power to make our
own decisions, create our own future and work our way up the ladder of
opportunity.
This is the vision of America that I am fighting
to protect and preserve.
Right
now, there are folks in Washington who see things differently. These
bureaucrats want to pass more rules and more regulations that interfere
into every part of your life. They have no business in your personal or
health care decisions and certainly no business preventing us from
bringing more good jobs to North Carolina.
I dont think I need
to tell you that we cant afford the same failed policies of the past
six years.
With nearly $18 trillion in debt, our federal
government continues to recklessly spend your tax dollars and put a wet
blanket on job creation. I ran for Congress to stop this wasteful
spending, fight for you and hold these government bureaucrats accountable.
Like so many of you, I felt like Washington was not listening to us,
continuing to intrude on our lives, and simply kicking the can down the
road on the big issues facing our country.
I hear your
concerns. I will continue to make myself as accessible as possible, represent
you the best that I can, and provide top-notch constituent
services.
I know youre frustrated
with the direction our country is heading, and I share your
frustration.
The challenges we face as a nation are monumental and
vast. I believe that we can solve them if we are determined to solve them
together.
Since my first days in office as your
Representative, Ive had success in bringing folks to the table and creating
coalitions of support on broader issues like improving job training
programs, reforming the way federal agencies like TSA spend taxpayer money,
and encouraging job growth by preventing businesses from being required
to automatically enroll new employees in Obamacare.
While Im
honored by what youve allowed me to accomplish, theres still work to
be done and Im committed to changing
course.
Fortunately, there are plenty of ideas out
there to get our country back on track and help put people back to work.
My colleagues and I have advanced countless solutions to grow our
economy and create jobs, but
387 House-passed bills remain
collecting dust on Senator Harry Reids desk.
An overwhelming
majority of these bills were passed with bipartisan support. This Do-Nothing
Senate is responsible for Washingtons gridlock and inability to get
things done.
What is
more important to the Democratic-controlled Senate than good jobs and a
healthy economy?
While I dont expect them to agree with every
bill, I do expect them to come to the table and work with us to find
solutions Americans deserve. We need folks who will roll up their
sleeves and tackle the big issues, not folks who refuse to even talk about
the issues facing our
country.
Rest assured, I will continue my work to find commonsense solutions by
working with my colleagues on both sides of the aisle - and both sides
of Congress.
I will never compromise my conservative
principles, but I will work with both Republicans and Democrats to find common
ground.
We might believe in different steps to solving
Americas problems, but we should all have the same goals
to make our
country safer, grow our economy, and return decision-making power back to
individuals and
families.
Until next
week,
Richard Hudson
Member of
Congress (NC-08)
Concord
Office
325 McGill Ave, NW
Suite 500
Concord, NC 28027
Phone: (704) 7861612
Rockingham
Office
1015 Fayetteville Rd
Rockingham, NC 28379
Phone: (910)
9972070
Washington
D.C. Office
429 Cannon HOB
Washington, DC 20515
Phone:
(202) 2253715
Unsubscribe
|
Update My
Profile
|
Privacy Policy
gateway mail
end 