
Happy Thanksgiving!
Thursday,
November 27, 2014
This Thanksgiving, among many other things, I am thankful for family. From my family to yours, I want to wish you the best during this upcoming holiday season.
Unconstitutional, Unilateral, Unacceptable.
Last
Thursday, President Obama used an executive order to defer the
deportations of over 5 million people who have entered the country
illegally.
This action flies in
the face of the wishes and desires of the majority of Americans who, as
recently as November 4 th , made clear their desire to have the Congress
controlled by Republican majorities, many of whom campaigned like I did,
on a border security first approach to immigration reform. Last summer,
we saw firsthand in Texas the disastrous effects of the Presidents
policies that he unilaterally introduced as thousands of young children,
their parents, and grandparents streamed across our southern border,
overwhelming border officials, holding facilities, healthcare
facilities, charitable organizations, and schools. President Obama's
unilateral action is just another example of the President violating the
principles laid out by our founding fathers in our Constitution.
Instead of working alongside the other branches of government, the
President believes that he can act alone to get whatever he wants,
putting his goals before the American people. He did not even wait for
the new Congress to be sworn in before he acted. Unfortunately, I
believe the President's "my way or the highway" approach to issues has
already poisoned the well with respect to working with the 114 th
Congress.
The
President had a Democrat controlled House and Senate during the first
two years of his presidency to pass immigration reform, and did nothing.
The timing of his decision after a historic election where the
American people demonstrated they are fed up with his policies clearly
shows he will do anything to further his progressive agenda.
Immediately after the election results were final, the President said
that he wanted to work with Congress to solve our immigration problem, and
as recently as September, said publicly that this type of executive
action exceeds his authority as President under the Constitution.
By
acting now, he has demonstrated a disregard for the Constitution and his
unwillingness to work with Congress.
Right now, all of the options to deal with a President who clearly
intends to do whatever he believes is right are under discussion. I took
an oath to defend the Constitution, and that's what I intend to do.
Examining Data Security at the Postal Service
On Wednesday,
I chaired a hearing held by the House Oversight and Government Reform
Subcommittee on the Federal Workforce, U.S. Postal Service and the
Census. During this hearing my colleagues and I examined and questioned
agency officials on the collection and distribution of mail cover
information by the United States Postal Service (USPS), as well as
concerns related to the agencys recent data breach of personal
information of their employees.
The mail
covers program is a record of all of the information on the outside of
classes of mail that are sealed against inspection.
Mail covers can be
requested by either the USPS Inspection Service or by outside law
enforcement agencies. A May 2014 audit report done by the Postal
Services Office of the Inspector General showed that 21 percent of mail
cover requests were not approved by authorized individuals and that 13
percent were approved without adequate justification contained in the
request. This raises serious concerns over the management and oversight
of external mail cover requests.
In addition, I
questioned officials on their recent public announcement of a data
breach that compromised the personal data of its employees. My biggest
takeaways from this hearing is that the USPS needs to be more
forthcoming about the nature of this breach and be prepared to act
faster should further intrusions occur. The USPS was first alerted of
suspicious activity on September 11 th , 2014. It was not until
early October they were able to confirm the data breach and that
sensitive postal employee information had been stolen. As a former
computer consultant, if I saw an outside source is attempting to access
data from a network, I'd simply unplug the server to keep the
information safe. I also worry that the USPS waited until early November
to alert the more than 800,000 postal employees that their social
security, date of birth, address, and more had been compromised. During
this hearing the USPS failed to give any proper reason for the delayed
response and it is negligent for the USPS to know that their employees
private information had been compromised while failing to take quicker
action. The USPS gave affected employees one year of free credit
monitoring. I hope that is enough.
Putting Americans Back to Work
Last week, I voted for
H.R.4795 ,
the Promoting New Manufacturing Act. This legislation passed the House
by a vote of 238-172.
The Promoting New Manufacturing Act aims to
increasing manufacturing and job growth by increasing the transparency
of timing for air permits that are required under the Clean Air Act,
including public access to information regarding the number of permits
issued by the Environmental Protection Agency (EPA) as well as their
timelines for final decisions.
This legislation also seeks to reduce
permit delays by ensuring that the EPA provides timely and adequate
guidance for applicants on how to comply with air quality standards
affecting any new applications. Finally, it would promote greater
efficiency in the processing of permits by requiring the EPA to report
to Congress on an annual basis the steps that it is taking to expedite
the permitting processes. It is good, common sense, legislation like
this that is going to put Americans back to work.
Locally
this week, the EPA finalized two greenhouse gas permits to M&amp;G
Resins USA L.L.C., paving the way for them to build a new chemical
process plant and utility support facility in Corpus Christi.
These
permits will allow M&amp;G Resins to build a new manufacturing complex
that will bring over $1 billion in investments, as well as over 4000
jobs to our district.
Hearing From Our Farmers
This past Monday, I met with farmers from Nueces County. During this meeting I discussed the various aspects of the Farm Bill and how it affects the agricultural sector in our district.
I want to extend my thanks to County Judge Lloyd Neal for hosting this meeting, and all of the hard working farmers who attended to voice their thoughts and opinions so that I can best represent them, and our district, in Washington.
Supporting Local Businesses
This Saturday, November 29 th , is Small Business Saturday. Now in it's fifth year, Small Business Saturday was created to serve as the ceremonial kickoff to the holiday shopping season for small businesses across the United States.
Small Businesses are often the backbone of our local communities for the jobs they create and the services they provide. I encourage you to get out and shop small at the businesses that make you happy to call your neighborhood home.
Orion Exploration Flight Test-One Viewing Parties
On December 4 th ,
the Orion Exploration Flight Test-One (EFT-1), built by Lockheed
Martin, is scheduled for liftoff from Cape Canaveral Air Force Station
around 7:05 am.
During this
initial unmanned test flight, the Orion spacecraft will orbit the Earth
twice, at a max altitude of 3,600 miles. This is about 15 times further
away from Earth than the International Space Station. The test flight
will gather valuable data during its flight that will add to existing
science and allow for enhanced human space exploration. Future goals for
the Orion spacecraft include manned missions to both nearby asteroids
and eventually enhancing the possibility of taking humans to Mars. The
data gathered during this test flight will help ensure that this
spacecraft will be a safe for our astronauts in any future missions.
There will be numerous viewing parties in Texas that are listed below.
CONNECT
LATEST NEWS
Dems cautious on Chaffetz
The Hill
South Texans Divided Over Immigration Reform
KRIS TV
Mail Monitoring Rarely Denied, Postal Service Says
The New York Time
Today: USPS in the crosshairs
Meet the new House Intel chairman
Fatal blow for surveillance reform, info sharing?
Politico
Dem: Agencies 'whistling through the graveyard' on data breaches
The Hill
WEEK AHEAD
House Judiciary Committee Hearing
President Obama's Executive Overreach on Immigration
Tuesday, December 2
12:00 PM CT
2141 Rayburn House Office Building
Courts, Intellectual Property, and the Internet Subcommittee Hearing
H.R. 917, the Sunshine in the Courtroom Act
Wednesday, December 3
9:00 AM CT
2141 Rayburn House Office Building
Important Votes This Week
H.R.
5683
- Ensuring Access to Justice for Claims Against the United States Act
H.R. 5421
- Financial Institution Bankruptcy Act of 2014
HAPPY THANKSGIVING
In
the spirit of giving thanks, both of my district offices will be drop
off locations for local food banks this holiday season. My district
offices will be drop off locations for local food banks now through Dec.
17th.
Below is a list
of the Top Ten most needed items for this Holiday Season :
1. Tuna
2. Canned or Boxed ready-to-eat meals
3. Canned vegetables &amp; tomato products
4. Peanut butter (in a plastic container)
5. Iron-fortified cereal (45% or more of daily value)
6. 100% fruit juice (48 oz. or less, in plastic bottles)
7. Canned fruit (in juice)
8. Dry beans (any type)
9. Enriched rice or pasta
10. Powdered milk
Corpus Christi
Office
101 North Shoreline Boulevard, Suite 300
Corpus Christi, TX 78401
Victoria Office
5606 North Navarro Street, Suite 203
Victoria, TX 77904
SNAPSHOTS
11/26- Volunteers gathered to prepare for the Wharton Knights of Columbus No. 3262 Feast of Sharing. Fifty-five turkeys were cooked to feed approximately 1300 elderly and needy in Wharton and surrounding communities on Thanksgiving Day. I want to thank Leroy Dettling, Wharton County Commissioner Precinct 1, and Scotty House for helping put together this event.
11/25- The Flower Shoppe in Wharton, owned by Karen Machann, celebrated 32 years in business on Monday. Carol Wootton, my Field Representative, presented Karen with a Certificate of Special Congressional Recognition. Congratulations, Karen, on 32 years in business!
11/20-
The Disabled American Veterans Post 150 in Corpus Christi, Texas, and
the Disabled American Veterans Women's Auxiliary hosted their Annual
Thanksgiving Veterans Appreciation Luncheon to provide meals to Veterans
in Corpus Christi and the surrounding areas.
11/20-
The Corpus Christi Chamber of Commerce, the Black Chamber of Commerce,
the Hispanic Chamber of Commerce, as well as local elected officials
gathered for a
Ribbon Cutting Ceremony to celebrate and welcome the
Shops at La Palmera to Corpus Christi.
11/19-
The Victoria County Veterans Council, a group of 18 Congressionally
Chartered Veterans Organizations, met last night to review their
successes over the past year in honoring Veterans during holidays like
Veterans Day, conducting final honors at Veteran funerals, and
performing flag raising at local sporting events.
11/18-
State Representative Todd Hunter hosted the Power On for Texas Film,
Interactive &amp; Tourism Conference Del Mar College Center for Economic
Development.
The goal of the conference is to bring the film industry
and video game industry into Corpus Christi.
11/17-
Golden Corral held their annual Veterans Appreciation Dinner in association with the Disabled American Veterans. Our local Golden Corral
in Corpus Christi also hosted a performance of the Veterans Band of
Corpus Christi and Honor Guard to perform for Veterans waiting in line
to be seated.
11/17-
Captain
Rene Coronado held one of his round tables in Corpus Christi to hear
the concerns of our Veterans so that he can pass their concerns along to
me while I am working in Washington D.C.
11/16-
Citgo hosted an outstanding event at the Nueces Delta Preserve in
partnership with the Coastal Bend Bays &amp; Estuaries Program. Hundreds
of volunteers showed up to plant native vegetation and to help combat
invasive species and to promote conservation along the Coastal Bend Bay.
My Field Representative, Luis Buentello, attended the event.
WEBSITE
|
UNSUBSCRIBE
|
CONTACT
Click Here Click Here