
Friend,
We wanted to make sure you saw Ami&#39;s email this morning. Make no mistake - this race is TOO CLOSE TO CALL, and our work is far from over.
We&#39;ll have an update on the state of the race tomorrow, but we&#39;re hearing that there are tens of thousands of votes that have not yet been counted.
For that reason, we need your immediate help - we have to make sure we have the resources necessary to have a team on the ground that will ensure that EVERY VOTE is counted.
Please click here and give what you can right now.
Thanks,
Team Bera
----- Forwarded message -----
From: Ami Bera
Date: Wed, Nov 5, 2014 at 10:51 am
Subject: a quick note
Friends,
As you know, our election is too close to call.
Here&#39;s a bit of context: right now, there are thousands of late ballots that have not been counted or processed.
These will be counted over the next week, and our priority is to make sure each voice in Sacramento County is heard.
In 2012, we finished Election Night in a tie.
Two weeks later, after all the ballots were counted, we won by over 9,000 votes.
While this is a different election, we feel good about our position and look forward to knowing more as ballots are processed.
But ensuring each ballot is counted takes resources.
We are now raising the funds immediately necessary to make sure we have the best recount and legal team on the ground as this process unfolds. If you can make a contribution of any amount, it will go a long way towards our next steps.
If you&#39;ve saved your payment information with ActBlue Express, your donation will go through immediately:
Support our Recount Fund: $5
Support our Recount Fund: $25
Support our Recount Fund: $50
Support our Recount Fund: $100
Support our Recount Fund: $250
Or donate another amount.
We&#39;ve got a ways to go, and we must ensure that every vote gets counted.
Hold tight with me over these next few days and let&#39;s see how this plays out.
Be well,
Ami
PS - If you&#39;d like to support us by sending a check, please make it payable to Bera for Congress Recount and send it to: PO Box 582496, Elk Grove, California 95758.
Paid for by Bera for Congress
Bera for Congress PO Box 582496 Elk Grove CA 95758 United States
unsubscribe
