
Date: [DatePublished:{MMMM dd, yyyy}]
Contact: [ContactName]
FOR IMMEDIATE RELEASE
[ContactPhone]
Dear Friend,
As the only Illinois member of the House Appropriations Committee, Ive been proud to fight for the type of long-term investments that will strengthen our communities, spur economic growth and create jobs. In fact, Ive spent most of this year working to prioritize projects and issues that will secure Americas future and bring much needed funding back to the Chicago area. At the same time, I am leading efforts to bring relief to constituents facing increased noise pollution from OHare and those still dealing with flooding from extreme weather.
Below are a few of the highlights from my work in D.C., but please know my district office is also
here to assist
with any federal issue you might have, including passports, Medicare, veterans benefits and more. Please dont hesitate to contact our office if theres anything we can do for you. You can also connect with us on
Facebook ,
Twitter ,
Instagram
and
YouTube .
Sincerely,
Mike Quigley
Transportation and Infrastructure
Rep. Quigley touring CTAs Belmont station, learning about the century old transit system that will be modernized with Core Capacity funding.
For generations, this countrys infrastructure served as the backbone of our economic success. Today, our crumbling infrastructure is slowing economic growth, and without serious long-term investments we simply will not be able to compete in todays global economy. Thats why Ive strongly advocated for increased investments in things like
Core Capacity
funding, helping to secure
$35 million in funding
this year for the CTA to modernize the red and purple lines. I've also led the fight against harmful reductions in
TIGER grant funding
and attempts to restrict eligibility for these grants, which are an important source of funding for our areas transportation projects. These programs help modernize our transportation infrastructure, creating a 21st century highway and public transit system that will spur economic growth and create jobs. My newest initiative,
Mike on the Move , highlights the importance of transportation infrastructure to Chicago and spotlights how the federal government can support Chicagos many different modes of transportation. The initiative focuses on infrastructure projects in our area that have been successfully completed, current projects undergoing construction and infrastructure sites awaiting much needed improvements.
Appropriations
Rep. Quigley assessing damage of major flooding in the district last spring.
My role as an appropriator provides an incredible opportunity to advocate for important projects that make our communities safer and stronger, as well as encourage economic development in the Chicagoland area. During my time on the committee, I have been proud to fight for increased
Community Oriented Policing Services
(COPS) grants, securing funding for local communities to put more police on the streets. Ive also pushed for increased funding for grants that help our communities hire more firefighters and pay for much needed equipment like the $461,724
Staffing for Adequate Fire and Emergency Response
(SAFER) grant that I recently helped to secure for the Franklin Park Fire Department. Since coming to Congress, Ive also been a tireless advocate for flood mitigation, helping to bring back more than $60 million in federal dollars for the
Metropolitan Water Reclamation District
(MWRD) to complete construction on the McCook/Thornton reservoirs to greatly reduce long-term flooding in Cook County. I am humbled by the role Im playing on the Appropriations Committee, ensuring that taxpayer dollars are spent responsibly on smart investments that will create American jobs and strengthen our economy.
O'Hare Noise Pollution
The unprecedented noise pollution facing many of our local communities is a serious problem that warrants urgent action. Since OHare International Airport became a part of Illinois 5th Congressional District in January 2013, Ive met continuously with neighborhood organizations, city and federal aviation officials to discuss solutions that could alleviate the impacts of noise pollution resulting from the OHare Modernization Program (OMP). As a result of those efforts, I urged the Federal Aviation Administration (FAA) to conduct new public hearings and issue a new
Environmental Impact Study
(EIS) of the OMP in response to increased noise pollution and the FAAs failure to hold public hearings in areas most affected by the change in flight patterns. Ive also called on the FAA to
change the outdated noise metric
that could allow more homeowners and businesses to qualify for soundproofing programs. In Washington, I responded by introducing the
Silent Skies Act , which requires the airlines to introduce newer and quieter engines into airline fleets, making them less disruptive to neighboring communities. I also created the
Quiet Skies Caucus
in Congress, which brings together lawmakers from around the country to raise awareness about airport noise and work to find meaningful solutions. A robust OHare and a vibrant 5th District need not be mutually exclusive, and I will continue to pursue every avenue that reduces noise in our communities without compromising safety.
WEBSITE
|
UNSUBSCRIBE
|
CONTACT
Click Here Click Here