DOCTYPE html PUBLIC '-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.0 Transitional//EN' 'http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml1/DTD/xhtml1-transitional.dtd'
Bob Latta's Family Values Watch
October 2014
REPRESENTING OHIO'S 5TH DISTRICT
Share
Congressman Latta's monthly newsletter tracking life and family news from the Nations Capital
[if gte mso 9]>
Normal
0
false
false
false
EN-US
JA
X-NONE
<![endif]
UPDATE: UPHOLDING RELIGIOUS FREEDOM AT THE VA
In my July 2014 e-newsletter, I reported on the Department of Veterans Affairs (VA) national policy requiring that chapels located within VA medical centers remain religiously neutral, reflecting no particular faith tradition, when not in use for a religious or spiritual service by one of its patrons.
I had also mentioned that I led a letter, along with 22 other Members of Congress, to the VA inquiring about the religious neutrality policy and its implementation.
Earlier this month, I received a response from the VA stating the importance of chapels to be maintained with religious neutrality when not in use by a particular faith group so that it is available at all times for persons of any faith to feel welcome to enter a VA chapel.
A copy of the letter can be found
here .
The VA does recognize there are numerous
historic chapels for specific faith groups that were built before the religious neutrality guidance was established; therefore, exceptions are available to VA medical centers whose chapels were built with permanent religious symbols in the walls or windows and if such center designates other worship space in accordance with the policy.
Lastly, the VA has instituted certain guidelines and actions to avoid inconsistencies in the implementation of chapel policies.
STATE SAME-SEX MARRIAGE BANS BEGIN TO DISSOLVE
Earlier this month, the U.S. Supreme Court chose not to review cases arising from challenges to same-sex marriage bans in several states.
The Courts lack of action allows the lower federal court rulings to stand
all of which struck down laws banning same-sex marriage.
In effect, the Courts decision will allow same-sex marriage to occur in five additional states.
Additionally, there are six more cases that face comparable outcomes considering the similarity of the appeals.
The existing lawsuits in Ohio relating to the states same-sex marriage ban have not been affected and still await rulings from the 6 th
U.S. Circuit Court of Appeals.
I am a firm believer that marriage consists only of a union between a man and a woman.
That is why I cosponsored
H.J. Res. 51 , which would amend the Constitution stating that marriage consists only between heterosexual couples.
ORDAINED MINISTERS REQUIRED TO PERFORM SAME-SEX MARRIAGE CEREMONIES
In Coeur dAlene, Idaho, a case arose where city officials told ordained, for-profit ministers they had to perform same-sex marriage ceremonies or face fines and jail time.
The case involves Donald and Evelyn Knapp, both ordained ministers, who run a for-profit wedding chapel.
Officials had previously stated that because the city has a non-discrimination statute that includes sexual orientation and gender identity, and because the 9 th
U.S. Circuit Court of Appeals struck down Idahos constitutional amendment defining marriage as the union of a man and a woman, the Knapps would have to officiate at same-sex weddings in their own chapel.
After the couple moved for a temporary restraining order, arguing that applying the anti-discrimination ordinance to them would be unconstitutional and would also violate Idahos Religious Freedom Restoration Act, the city fortunately came forward and revoked its stance.
The city attorney stated that a section of the anti-discrimination ordinance states that it shall be construed and applied in a manner consistent with the First Amendment jurisprudence regarding the freedom of speech and exercise of religion.
While the city is backing off enforcement, there is still a need for resolution of the broader religious freedom problem with the ordinance by insisting the city should amend its law so that its clear the religious exemption covers both non-profits and for-profits.
This case reinforces my belief that the government should not be able to force citizens, business owners or not, to choose between strongly held religious beliefs and their livelihood, which is why I am a cosponsor of
H.R. 3133 , the Marriage and Religious Freedom Act.
This bill would prohibit the federal government from taking adverse action against a person on the basis that such person acts in accordance with a religious belief that marriage should be recognized as the union of one man and one woman.
OFFENDING CHRISTIAN ARTICLE REMOVED FROM OHIO AIR NATIONAL GUARD NEWSLETTER
A faith-based article that focused on a military personnels personal testimony about how his faith in Christ keeps him grounded was recently removed from an Ohio Air National Guard (ANG) newsletter after a fellow serviceman submitted a complaint about its offending content.
In the article, the Colonel did not order those under his command to attend church, or to follow Jesus, rather he simply shared his life story.
His views should not be forbidden just because they involve Christianity.
In a world where threats to religious freedom are increasingly rampant, we must be extra vigilant in our efforts to uphold these sacred liberties.
Members of our Armed Forces and veterans have sacrificed so much for this country and have fought valiantly to protect and defend our fundamental liberties, and it is especially important that these same men and women are afforded their constitutionally protected religious liberties.
News Releases
October 28:
Energy and Commerce Committee Members Press President Obama for Answers on Ebola Response Efforts
October 20:
Congressman Latta Hosts Briefing with DOE and EIA on Propane Supply
Octo ber 17:
Latta Calls for Travel Restrictions to Combat Ebola
Social Media
Follow Congressman Latta online! He regularly updates his profiles with the latest news and developments from around Ohio and Capitol Hill.
OHIO OFFICES
WASHINGTON DC OFFICE
BOWLING GREEN OFFICE
1045 North Main St, Ste 6
Bowling Green, OH 43402
T (419) 354-8700
DEFIANCE OFFICE
101 Clinton St, Ste 1200
Defiance, OH 43512
T (419) 782-1996
FINDLAY OFFICE
318 Dorney Plaza, Room 302
Findlay, OH 45840
T (419) 422-7791
2448 Rayburn HOB
Washington, DC 20515
Main: 202-225-6405
Unsubscribe
-
Privacy Policy
Click Here Click Here