
If you are having
trouble viewing this message or would like to share it on a social
network, you can
view the
message online .
HOME
NEWS
SERVICES
LEGISLATION
CONTACT
November 24, 2014
Tackling Our Fiscal
Challenges
Last week, I had the honor of being chosen by my
colleagues to serve as Chair of the House Budget Committee in the next
Congress. In this new roll, I look forward to the opportunity to work
with members of Congress from both sides of the aisle to help put our
nation on a stronger economic and fiscal footing. We will advance a
budget that restores balance to the nations books. It will provide a
blueprint for how to save and strengthen vital health and retirement
programs while ensuring needed resources for those who protect and defend
our great nation.
Key to
accomplishing real results will be to use budgetary processes at our
disposal to move meaningful legislation through the House and Senate and to
the presidents desk for his consideration. This can and must be done
in a transparent manner with consultation and input from members across
different committees of jurisdiction and Congress at large. We will
also continue our commitment to the review and reform of the
Congressional budget process to modernize it. Right now, Congress budgets and
assesses the fiscal and economic impact of policies using a 40-year old
framework in which the default is to spend more, not less. These rules
and analytical limitations lead to unrealistic projections and are
vulnerable to manipulation.
For
all the challenges America faces today
both at home and
abroad
we also have tremendous opportunities to accomplish positive
solutions on behalf of the American people. Much of that effort will
begin with and be aided by putting forward a balanced budget that speaks
to the priorities of our diverse country, to our fiscal realities and
our economic aspirations, to our national security concerns and the
personal financial security of American
families.
Click here
to learn more about
our priorities for the House Budget Committee in the 114th
Congress.
President's Executive Amnesty
On Thursday night, President Obama announced his
administrations unilateral actions to offer amnesty to millions of illegal
immigrants. These actions are unlawful. They show a brazen disregard and
disrespect for the American people
not to mention every immigrant who
has come to this country legally. The president has wandered so far
outside his constitutional authority that hes doing incredible harm to
the integrity of this countrys rule of law. In fact, it was
President Obama himself, on multiple occasions, who said that he does not have
the authority to take the type of unilateral actions hes now
pursuing.
Let's be clear: the
president is not exercising his authority. Hes trampling on the
Constitution that prescribes him his authority; he is to enforce the laws of
this land, not invent them. Moreover, when the American people are
asking Congress and the president to work together on solving the
challenges facing our nation, the president's decision will actually do more
to setback the cause of immigration reform than advance
it.
In the days head, Congress will work to
determine the best course of action to respond appropriately and
effectively to the president's executive
amnesty.
Please Feel Free to Tell a
Friend E-mail:
E-mail: E-mail:
Share on Facebook Share on Twitter
Washington DC Office
100
Cannon House Office Building
Washington DC 20515
Phone:
202-225-4501
Fax: 202-225-4656
District Office:
85-C Mill Street, Suite 300
Roswell,
GA 30075
Phone: 770-998-0049
Fax: 770-998-0050
Internet:
Web:
http://tomprice.house.gov
E-mail:
E-mail Tom by clicking here
Unsubscribe
|
Update My
Profile
|
Privacy Policy
gateway mail
end 