
Rep. Miller calls President's action constitutional overreach based on "tailored" and inconsistent legal opinion; questions Department's ability to adequately review estimated 4.1 million cases within proposed 6 month period
WASHINGTON D.C.
- Today, Rep. Candice Miller (MI-10), Vice Chair of the House Homeland Security Committee and Chairman of the Subcommittee on Border and Maritime Security, issued the following statement after a full Committee hearing where she questioned U.S. Department of Homeland Security Secretary Jeh Johnson about the President's executive order on immigration:
"Today, when questioning Homeland Security Secretary Johnson about the President's recent executive action granting amnesty to millions of immigrants residing here illegally, I asked him about the legal opinion provided by the Attorney General's Office of Legal Counsel pertaining to the President's authority. According to Secretary Johnson, the Administration relied heavily on the opinion, calling it a thorough analysis. Yet, the opinion was tailored to three very specific actions widely reported as considered actions by the Administration.
"Additionally, Johnson also indicated that, in seeking this opinion from the Office of Legal Counsel, they did not inquire as to whether a similar opinion was sought before the 2012 Deferred Action for Childhood Arrival program was implemented - an oversight which I find incredulous.
"Finally, I asked how, as proposed by the Administration, they can realistically do a case-by-case review of the estimated 4.1 million eligible immigrants in 6 months.
It's unrealistic and likely to result in a rubber stamp policy of non-enforcement.
"In my opinion, this was yet another example of constitutional overreach by this Administration. Multiple states are even contemplating legal action, and the courts will ultimately decide.
In the interim, we in Congress will explore our options, including using the power of the purse, to respond to this constitutional overreach."
###
DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.0 Transitional//EN" "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml1/DTD/xhtml1-transitional.dtd"
Connect with Representative Miller online:
Rep. Miller Questions DHS Secretary Jeh Johnson about Presidential Amnesty
(Click to watch)
Rep. Miller calls President&#8217;s action constitutional overreach based on &#8220;tailored&#8221; and inconsistent legal opinion; questions Department&#8217;s ability to adequately
review estimated 4.1 million cases within proposed 6 month period
WASHINGTON D.C.
&#8211; Today, Rep. Candice Miller (MI-10),
Vice Chair of the House Homeland Security Committee and Chairman of the Subcommittee on Border and Maritime Security,
issued the following statement after a full Committee hearing where she questioned U.S. Department of Homeland Security Secretary Jeh Johnson about the President&#8217;s executive order on immigration:
&#8220;Today, when questioning Homeland Security Secretary Johnson about the President&#8217;s recent executive action granting amnesty to millions of immigrants residing here
illegally, I asked him about the legal opinion provided by the Attorney General&#8217;s Office of Legal Counsel pertaining to the President&#8217;s authority. According to Secretary Johnson, the Administration relied heavily on the opinion, calling it a thorough analysis.
Yet, the opinion was tailored to three very specific actions widely reported as considered actions by the Administration.
&#8220;Additionally, Johnson also indicated that, in seeking this opinion from the Office of Legal Counsel, they did not inquire as to whether a similar opinion was sought
before the
2012 Deferred Action for Childhood Arrival program was implemented &#8211; an oversight which I find incredulous.
&#8220;Finally, I asked how, as proposed by the Administration, they can realistically do a case-by-case review of the estimated 4.1 million eligible immigrants
in 6 months.
It&#8217;s unrealistic and likely to result in a
rubber stamp policy of non-enforcement .
&#8220;In my opinion, this was yet another example of constitutional overreach by this Administration. Multiple states are even contemplating legal action,
and the courts will ultimately decide.
In the interim, we in Congress will explore our options, including using the power of the purse, to respond to this constitutional overreach.&#8221;
###
TELL A FRIEND
Feel free to share this e-mail with your friends and family by forwarding this email. If this e-mail has been forwarded to you, please sign up to receive Congresswoman Candice Miller
electronic newsletter .
CONTACT INFORMATION
Washington Office
U.S. House of Representatives
320 Cannon House Office Bldg
Washington, DC 20515
Phone: (202)225-2106
Fax: (202)226-1169
DISTRICT OFFICE
48701 Van Dyke Ave
Shelby Township, MI 48317
Phone: (586)997-5010
Fax: (586)997-5013
E-MAIL Candice
LEARN MORE
UNSUBSCRIBE
NOTE:
This mailbox is unattended. To send e-mail to Congresswoman Candice Miller, please go to
her contact form . To unsubscribe from future electronic updates, please use
this link .
