
If you are having trouble
viewing this message or would like to share it on a social network,
you can
view the message
online .
November 20, 2014
"If men were angles, no government would be necessary"
In
2013, the country learned that the government, specifically the National
Security Agency, had been collecting and storing enormous amounts of
information about American citizens, and that the data collection was
not limited to those suspected of terrorist activity. Many were very
concerned about how much and what kind of data was being collected and
whether or not the information could be or had been abused by
government officials.
Today, proponents of the metadata program
claim that it cannot be used to identify ordinary Americans. But
earlier this year, researchers at Stanford University proved that the type
of metadata collected under Section 215 of the PATRIOT Act could be
used to uncover a lot of information, including a persons politics, what
medications youre on, where you go to church, and
more.
The USA Freedom Act is bipartisan legislation that ends bulk
collection of metadata by the NSA, and it helps address the problem of the
American government spying on its citizens without cause. It also
improves transparency for the data NSA collects. It has the support of the
intelligence community, the Department of Justice, civil liberties
groups, the National Rifle Association, and tech
companies.
Opponents say it will impair our national security. They say this bill
will keep our intelligence community from protecting
us.
What opponents of this bill fail to appreciate is that most Americans
are deeply concerned about the collection of their personal
information, and this bill is an opportunity to strike a good balance between
protecting Americans' privacy and our national
security.
While I believe there are very good people working in our intelligence
community, I think we should heed James Madisons warning against giving
unchecked power to men in Federalist 51: If men were angels, no
government would be necessary. If angels were to govern men, neither
external nor internal controls on government would be necessary. If framing
a government which is to be administered by men over men, the great
difficulty lies in this: you must first enable the government to
control the governed; and in the next place oblige it to control
itself.
I am disappointed that earlier this week the Senate voted
against addressing this issue now. The provision of the PATRIOT Act
authorizing this kind of data collection expires just after Memorial Day
next year, and its important to adopt a compromise well ahead of this
deadline that all interested parties can
accept.
Washington,
D.C. Office
316 Hart Senate
Office Building
Washington, D.C.,
20510
Phone: 202.224.5444
Fax: 202.228.1168
Salt Lake City
Wallace F. Bennett Federal Building
125 South State, Suite 4225
Salt Lake City,
UT 84138
Phone: 801.524.5933
Fax: 801.524.5730
St.
George
Office of Senator Michael S. Lee
285
West Tabernacle, Suite 200
St. George,
UT
84770
Phone: 435.628.5514
Unsubscribe
|
Update My Profile
|
Privacy Policy
