
Friday, October 31, 2014
WEBSITE
|
FORWARD TO A FRIEND
| SHARE ON:
Recent Events in Florida's 18th District
Rep. Murphy spoke at a local event about his work to raise concerns about the negative impact of All Aboard Florida on the district.
Florida Not All Aboard
Last Saturday, I was honored to join once again with Florida Not All Aboard to discuss with concerned citizens the negative impact All Aboard Florida would have on our local safety, livability, and economy.
With the first All Aboard Florida FRA meetings in our community taking place this week, I wanted to remind residents of the Treasure Coast and Palm Beaches that now is the time to have your concerns heard.
If you werent able to attend the meetings earlier this week in West Palm Beach and Stuart,
you can still make your voice heard at meetings taking place on November 5 th
at Indian River State Colleges Richardson Hall located at 6155 College Lane in Vero Beach or on November 6 th
at the Port St. Lucie Civic Center located at 9221 SE Civic Center Place in Port St. Lucie. Both of these meetings will take place from 3:30-7:00pm.
If you are not able to attend the November 6th meeting, you may submit your comments directly to the Federal Railroad Administration via email ( AAF_comments@vhb.com ) or by mail to: Mr. John Winkle, Federal Railroad Administration, 1200 New Jersey Ave. SE, Room W38-311, Washington, D.C. 20590.
All comments must be submitted by December 3, 2014.
I encourage you to provide feedback regarding the Draft Environmental Impact Statement, and please know that I will continue to work hard to make sure the residents of Florida's 18th District have their voices heard regarding the detrimental impact this project would have on the community.
Recent Community Events
I am proud to be hard at work for Florida's 18th District. Having participated in almost 600 local events in the past 22 months, I wanted to take a moment and share with you a few from the past week.
Rep. Murphy greets local veterans as they return
to Palm Beach after their Honor Flight.
Last weekend, I had the privilege to greet local veterans during our local Honor Flight's Operation Homecoming. I am honored to have had many opportunities to meet with our nation's heroes personally and thank them for their service. These humbling experiences remind me how much members of our military have sacrificed in service to our nation.
Last Saturday morning, I also had the opportunity to join with our community at the Treasure Coast's 2014 Walk to End Alzheimer's. It was inspiring to see so many individuals dedicate their time to raise help awareness for such an important cause.
Rep. Murphy discussed his Silver Alert Bill to
protect those with Alzheimers and other forms
of dementia who wander off at the Walk to end
Alzheimer's.
As our community is home to many seniors, I know Alzheimer's is a very serious concern. It can be difficult not only on the individual, but on their loved ones. A great fear many hold is that an individual with Alzheimer's may wander away from home and be unable to return on their own. That is why I introduced the Silver Alert Act.
Modeled off the Amber Alert and the successful Silver Alert program here in Florida, this bill creates a national system to rapidly mobilize law enforcement and news media to locate seniors and adults who have gone missing. I am proud to support common-sense policies such as these to help those who suffer from Alzheimer's and their families and to be part of a community that demonstrates such dedication to this important cause.
Feel free to share this newsletter with others who may be interested in staying up to date on issues impacting our community. To receive future email updates like this one,
click here .
Local Grant Awarded
I am pleased to announce that the Fort Pierce Police Department was recently awarded a Department of Justice grant for over $200,000 to implement the Office of Juvenile Justice and Delinquency Prevention's Comprehensive Gang Model.
The much-needed program will implement a comprehensive strategy to address gang violence in and around Fort Pierce. I applaud DOJ for awarding this grant and look forward to continuing to work with our local law enforcement officials to enhance the safety of our communities. I am honored to have helped an exceptional department continue their protection of our community.
It was an honor to work with the Fort Pierce Police Department to secure this grant.
If you know of an organization that is interested in applying for a federal grant, there is more information on my website to assist in this process.
(For comprehensive federal grant information, please click
here .)
Encouraging Civic Engagement
As the youngest member of Congress, I understand firsthand the importance of young leaders. I always enjoy the opportunity to speak to the youth in our communities about the importance of civic engagement and being a voice for their generation.
This past week, I had the opportunity to speak to middle school students at the Benjamin School in order to give them an understanding of how our government works before they take a field trip to Washington, D.C., where they will see the inner workings of our nation's capital firsthand. We also discussed the importance of, and how to be young leaders right here at home in our community.
Rep. Murphy speaks to middle school students at the Benjamin School about civic engagement and community leadership.
To stay up-to-date on my work representing the Treasure Coast and Palm Beaches, please follow me on the following social media channels:
Facebook ,
Twitter ,
Instagram ,
YouTube , and
Flickr .
NOTE: Please DO NOT respond to this email as this inbox is unattended. To contact my office please
click here
UPDATE SUBSCRIPTION OPTIONS
|
PRIVACY POLICY
|
CONTACT US
Click Here Click Here