
If you are having trouble viewing
this message or would like to share it on a social network, you can
view the message
online .
Home
|
About
|
How Can I
Help?
|
Media
|
Issues
|
The 6th District
Protecting the Patient Doctor Relationship for
Seniors
Dear Friends:
This week I, and twenty four other Members of Congress,
filed a friend of the court brief with the U.S. Supreme Court.
This Amicus Brief requested the Court to hear a legal challenge to the
Independent Payment Advisory Board (IPAB), which was created by the
Affordable Care Act, better known as Obamacare.
The IPAB is a 15-member board that will
set reimbursement rates for Medicare and determine which procedures,
treatments, and drugs will or wont be paid for by the government for
the medical treatment of more than 48 million Americans, mostly
seniors on Medicare.
IPAB decisions cannot be challenged by patients,
or by the Congress.
The powers afforded to IPAB are unprecedented and are unique.
Never in American history has an unelected board received so much
power.
IPAB is made up of 15 unelected federal bureaucrats who are not
accountable to the American people and have the authority to issue
rules that will have the force of law, bypassing the constitutionally
mandated legislative authority of Congress. Members of Congress are held
accountable for their actions through the power of their constituents
to vote them out of office when they decide that their representatives
are not acting in their best interest.
IPAB is accountable to
no one.
I
believe we need to do all in our power to repeal or overturn this
unconstitutional provision of Obamacare.
In addition to co-signing this
brief, I am also a co-sponsor of H.R. 351, the Protecting Seniors
Access to Medicare Act of 2013.
This bipartisan piece of legislation
repeals the IPAB before it can do harm to our seniors health
care.
Many seniors are already having a difficult time finding doctors
who will not accept new Medicare patients because of the low
reimbursement levels. If, as I expect, the IPAB lowers these rates even further
it will only make access to healthcare for seniors even more
challenging than it already is. Even worse, IPAB can determine that specific
procedures are not reimbursable at all taking treatment decisions out of
the hands of patients and their
doctors.
This is not a partisan issue.
Members
of both parties support doing away with the board, and the American
Medical Association has formally endorsed the full repeal of
IPAB.
We must do everything we can to protect the benefits that our
seniors have earned under Medicare and repealing IPAB is front and center in
that fight.
Sincerely,
Mike Coffman
U.S. Representative
If you would like to sign up to
receive regular email updates from Mike, please visit
this
link
$ 17,983,725,944,312
Share on Facebook
Share on
Twitter
Share on
LinkedIn
Medicare
Open Enrollment is taking place
now
I want to remind Medicare
beneficiaries that it is time for
Medicare Open Enrollment .
Open Enrollment is the time to review and compare your Medicare plan to
either change, or stay, with your current plan for
2015.
Open Enrollment is October 15 to December 7th.
Y ou can compare plans now at
medicare.gov
Find local help
medicare.gov/contacts
to compare
plans.
GOP asks
Supreme Court to take on another ObamaCare
case
By Sarah Ferris
TheHill.com
Published December 4,
2014
Twenty-five
Republicans are asking the Supreme Court to take up another case
against ObamaCare, this time challenging a controversial medical board that
the party has labeled a death panel.
Members led by Sen.
Tom Coburn (R-Okla.) and Rep. Phil Roe (R-Tenn.) are urging the high
court to reconsider a lawsuit against the Independent Payment Advisory
Board (IPAB), which is charged with cutting Medicare spending if it
exceeds a certain level.
As a physician with more than 30
years of experience, I find the ability of this board to intervene in
the relationship doctors have with their patients alarming, Roe said
at a press conference Thursday. I have serious concerns that this
unelected, unaccountable bureaucracy could have a devastating impact on
seniors access to care, and I hope the court will hear this
case.
The case, Coons v. Lew, argues that the advisory board
oversteps the bounds of separation of powers. The lawsuit was previously
dismissed by an appeals court.
I believe we need to use every
means at our disposal to save Americans from the negative impacts of
IPAB,
Rep. Mike Coffman
(R-Col.) said at the
briefing.
Roe, whose bills to repeal the board have already passed
the House, said he also hopes to revive the battle in Congress as well
as the Supreme Court.
I feel very confident that this
[bill] will make it to the presidents desk, Roe said.
The
board does not yet have members and has drafted no policy, but it has
reentered the spotlight as the GOP plot ways to take down the law as they
regain control of the Senate next month.
Coburn and Roe,
who are both doctors, announced the amicus brief in an op-ed in The Wall
Street Journal late Wednesday night.
Because the law
frees [the board] of any checks and balances, waiting could be dangerous.
The Supreme Court should hold that the time to answer these
constitutional questions is now, not later, they wrote.
They
criticized the board, which was memorably called a death panel by 2008 vice
presidential nominee Sarah Palin and also described as healthcare
rationing by Democrats, for its ability to write rules to cut Medicare
spending that become law unless Congress votes to strike them
down.
There is nothing advisory about its vast powers, they
wrote. The law gives this board sweeping authority to do so, with
virtually no constraints.
Congressional delegation visits TAAC-E, meets with troops in eastern Afghanistan
By Captan
Jarrod Morris
- U.S.
Army
DVIDShub.net/news
Published December 2,
2014
LAGHMAN PROVINCE, Afghanistan
A
congressional delegation including six representatives from the U.S.
House Armed Services Committee visited Train, Advise, Assist Command
East at Tactical Base Gamberi Nov. 22, 2014.
Rep. Rob Wittman,
R-Va., HASC Chairman, Rep. Madeliene Bordallo, D-Guam,
Rep.
Mike Coffman , R-Colo., Rep. Reid Ribble, R-Wis., Rep. Bill
Flores, R-Texas, and Rep. Dave Loebsack, D-Iowa visited TAAC-E to talk
with military leaders about the progress in eastern Afghanistan, and
spend time with the troops.
The delegation arrived to TB
Gamberi shortly after 1 p.m. and proceeded to have lunch with TAAC-E
soldiers in the dining facility.
Each member of the delegation
sat at a table full of soldiers, many of them from the representatives
home states.
The troops and representatives shared a meal
and discussed a variety of topics, from the war in Afghanistan to
social and economic issues back home.
Wittman, when talking to
the soldiers at his table, discussed the need for a better transfer of
vocational skills and certifications between between military and
civilian occupations, to assist veterans seeking new careers when they
complete their military service.
After lunch the
representatives met with TAAC-E senior leaders and staff for a roundtable
discussion.
TAAC-E commander U.S. Army Brig. Gen. Christopher
Bentley and key members of the staff provided the delegation with an update
on the progress in eastern Afghanistan. They also discussed the
transition to functionally-based security force assistance under NATOs
Resolute Support mission in 2015, along with a few other key
topics.
Then the forum opened for questions between TAAC-E staff and the
delegation. Members of the delegation heard the soldiers
perspectives on a variety of service-related topics, and the TAAC-E staff gained
important insight into political issues affecting the
military.
The one-day visit concluded with a photo-op and delegation
members thanked the soldiers once more for their service prior to
departure.
Washington Office
2443 Rayburn HOB
Washington, D.C. 20515
Phone: (202) 225-7882
Fax: (202) 226-4623
District
Office
Cherry Creek Place IV
3300 S.
Parker Road, Suite #305
Aurora,
CO 80014
Phone: (720)
748-7514
Fax: (720) 748-7680
Unsubscribe
|
Update My Profile
|
Privacy Policy
gateway mail end 