
October 30, 2014
Protecting Your Hard-Earned Tax Dollars
Dear Friend,
Its no secret that our countrys financial situation is dire. Our national debt is at $17.75 trillion and growingthats a little over $55,000 for every man, woman, and child in the country. You cant raise taxes to fix this. If you confiscated all the individual and corporate income in the country, youd end up with around $3.4 trillion dollarsonce. Thats a fraction of our national debt. The only long-term solution is to cut spending and reform our social safety net programs to ensure that they are around for generations to come.
My colleagues and I on the Appropriations Committee have succeeded in reducing federal spending despite Democratic control of both the Senate and the White House. Four years ago, conservatives gained control of the House. Its no coincidence that this is the first time since the Korean War spending has been reduced for four consecutive years.
Our appropriations bills havent just cut spending, they've reined in the Administrations ability to enact their liberal agenda. We've passed a bill that reduces funding for the Internal Revenue Service (IRS) by $1.5 billion,
stops the IRS from enforcing Obamacare , and prevents them from continuing to target groups based on their political beliefs. We've passed a bill that
prohibits the EPA
from using arcane regulations to levy a carbon tax and regulate all water on private land. We've passed a bill that
stops foreign aid to hostile governments , prohibits implementation of the UN Arms Trade Treaty, and
strengthens our commitment to Israel .
We've passed bills that direct funding to important conservative priorities, tooa bill I sponsored
funded, streamlined, and modernized the VA
to ensure that our veterans get the care that they've earned. Our bills have
increased support for border security
operations while changing the flawed policies behind our current immigration crisis. Our bills have
protected the military from the Obama Administrations defense cuts . Our bills have
protected NASA s scientific priorities from the Administrations political decisions. And we've done all this while reducing the total amount of federal spending.
Were not done fighting either: over the upcoming months and years, House conservatives will continue to work to reduce spending and fix our social safety net programs. Cutting spending and making these programs solvent will be an uphill battle, but we know what it takes to be successful.
We will solve our nations worst problems when we truly enforce the United States Constitution and its strict limits on the federal government. I am absolutely confident we will succeed.
Sincerely,
John Culberson
Tell a Friend
Forward this email
to a friend.
E-mail Updates
Yes, please periodically
send me e-mail updates.
Multimedia
To view the latest video of Congressman Culberson,
click here .
NOTE: Please DO NOT respond to this email as this inbox is unattended. To contact my office please
click here
UNSUBSCRIBE
|
PRIVACY POLICY
|
CONTACT US
Click Here Click Here