
If you are
having trouble viewing this message or would like to share it on a
social network, you can
view the message online .
Unsubscribe
Update My Profile
Jose E. Serrano, Representing the 15th Congressional District in
the Bronx
Website
|
Biography
|
Services
|
Press Releases
|
Issues
|
Legislation
|
Contact
November 21, 2014
On Capitol Hill
Congressman Serrano Applauds President
Obama's Announcement of Executive Action on
Immigration
Yesterday, U.S. Congressman Jos E. Serrano (D-NY) applauded President
Obamas announcement of executive action to help fix our nations broken
immigration system. The Presidents Immigration Accountability
Executive Actions will expand deferred action, increase unlawful presence
waivers, invest in a smarter border security and deportation program,
and help strengthen the U.S. economy. Click
here
for more information from the White House on the Presidents
announcement.
President Obamas announcement is a major
victory and a historic moment for our community. This is an audacious plan
that will help immigrants with deep ties in our country to come out
of the shadows, help families stay together, strengthen our borders,
and boost our economy. I applaud the President for his courage and
leadership on this issue. President Obama is acting within his legal
authority and joins every President for the past half century, both
Democrats and Republicans, in taking executive action to protect immigrants in
our country.
Millions of peoples lives will be immediately
impacted by this change in policy and wont have to live under
constant fear deportation and forced separation from their families thanks
to the bold step forward the President has decided to take.
As
the Representative of a District with a large number of immigrants from
all parts of the world, this is welcome news for my constituents and
for my community.
On November 13, 2014, Congressman
Jose E. Serrano joined other members of Congress to
urge
President Obama
to take big and bold executive action
on immigration.
The Presidents Immigration
Accountability Executive Actions will immediately help strengthen the economy
and improve working conditions in New York City by increasing the amount
of money the government collects in payroll taxes and deterring
unscrupulous employers from lowering labor standards through the hiring of
undocumented workers. Foreign entrepreneurs who want to help grow our
economy will also have expanded options to migrate to our
country.
Our borders and communities will also be more secure than ever.
The Presidents plan directs more resources to border security and
seeks to implement a smarter border security strategy focused on
criminals, not families. Undocumented immigrants will also have to register,
go through background checks, and be held accountable for past
actions. This will help promote safer communities everywhere and ensure
everyone plays by the same rules.
This is a win-win for
everybody. If Republicans didnt like what they heard tonight, they need
to come up with a better plan in response.
Now we have to
keep fighting for comprehensive immigration reform in Congress that
includes a path to citizenship for the 11 million undocumented immigrants
in our country. Poll after poll has demonstrated overwhelming public
support for fixing our broken immigration system. Republicans need to
put politics aside, stop caving to the most extreme elements of their
party, and join us at the table to finally pass the bipartisan bill
that has been lingering in Congress for the past year and a half.
Americans want courageous action- tonight the President did just
that.
Click
here
and
here
for local coverage of the Presidents
announcement.
Congressman Serrano on the Attack at Har Nof in
Jerusalem
On Wednesday, Congressman Serrano released
the following statement in response to a terrorist attack that took
place at a synagogue in Har Nof, Jerusalem. The attack injured several
people and claimed the lives of four individuals, including U.S.
ciitizens Aryeh Kupinsky, Cary William Levine, and Mosheh
Twersky.
I am extremely saddened to learn of the terrorist attack that took
place this morning at a synagogue in West Jerusalem and ended the lives
of four innocent individuals, three of whom were Americans, said
Congressman Serrano. I utterly condemn this horrific and senseless act.
My thoughts and prayers are with the victims and their loved ones,
everyone present at the incident, and the Israeli
people.
Click
here
to read more on the
attacks.
In The
Bronx
Congressman Serrano Participates in
Christmas Tree and Menorah Lightning Ceremony at the Bronx Botanical
Garden
On Saturday November 15, 2014, Congressman Jos E.
Serrano participated in the Bronx Botanical Gardens annual Christmas
tree and menorah lighting ceremony. The ceremony is part of
the Holiday Train Show
that is celebrated every
year at the botanical garden. Senator Jose M. Serrano, Assemblyman Jeff
Dinowitz, Assemblyman Mark Gjonaj and Councilman Andy Cohen also
participated in the ceremony.
Congressman Serrano speaks at the Bronx Botanical
Garden Annual Christmas Tree and Menorah Lightning Ceremony.
(11/15/2014)
Grant
Announcement
Choice Neighborhoods
Implementation Grant Program
Deadline: February 8,
2015
The Department of Housing and Urban
Development has made funding available to support the implementation of
comprehensive neighborhood revitalization plans. These plans are
expected to achieve the following: replace distressed public and assisted
housing with high-quality mixed-income housing that is well-managed and
responsive to the needs of the surrounding neighborhood; improve
educational outcomes and intergenerational mobility for youth with services
and supports delivered directly to youth and their families; and
create the conditions necessary for public and private reinvestment in
distressed neighborhoods. All public housing agencies, local governments,
for-profit entities, and nonprofit entities are encouraged to apply. A
unit of local government must be either the Lead Applicant or the
Co-Applicant in all applications. For-profit and nonprofit entities that
apply must own the target housing.
Please follow this link
for the full grant announcement
http://www.grants.gov/web/grants/view-opportunity.html
CONTACT
INFORMATION
WASHINGTON OFFICE
2227 Rayburn
House Office Building
Washington, D.C. 20515-3216
Phone: (202)
225-4361
Fax: (202) 225-6001
BRONX
OFFICE
1231 Lafayette Avenue, 4th Floor
The Bronx, NY
10474
Phone: (718) 620-0084
Fax: (718) 620-0658
Contact Jose Serrano by
E-mail:
CLICK HERE
Update My Profile
-
Unsubscribe
-
Privacy Policy
gateway mail
end 