
New Committee, Immigration, Ethics in Congress and More
**Last week, Congressman Rigell was elected to serve on the House Committee on Appropriations for the 114th Congress which convenes in January. The Appropriations Committee is widely known as one of the most powerful committees in Congress.
Our region plays a crucial role in our national defense. Virginia receives more defense dollars than any other state in the nation, and a full 10% of the Pentagons budget flows to the Commonwealth. Read more about the Congressman's new position in the links down below.**
Dear Friend,
President Obama's Immigration Executive Order
Immigration policy has been debated since the founding of our country.
Therefore it is not surprising that we are debating immigration today.
However, the sweeping executive order announced by President Obama last Thursday broadens the topic to new and troubling ground. In direct contradiction to his own statements on the proper limitations of presidential authority, he has granted what effectively amounts to executive amnesty to several million illegal immigrants.
Securing our borders
north, south, east, and west
should be the next step in advancing sound immigration policy.
Instead, the Presidents actions fuel the widely held view, which I am convinced is causing much of the pressure at our nations borders, that If you can get here, you can stay here.
America is a nation of laws, and the President's broad, unprecedented usurpation of authority from the legislative branch weakens the separation of powers, an essential element of our republic, and harms the values that make our country so appealing to millions around the world.
As I serve our district, I am ever mindful of the invaluable contributions that immigrants have made in shaping our country. As fellow Americans, the good fruits of America's immigration policies are reflected, quite literally, in our DNA. I am incredibly proud that our nation's story cannot be told without sharing the meaning and significance of the Statue of Liberty, whose plaque so eloquently states:
'Give me your tired, your poor,
Your huddled masses yearning to breathe free,
The wretched refuse of your teeming shore;
Send these, the homeless, tempest-tost to me,
I lift my lamp beside the golden door!'
In my continued service to VA-02, I remain committed to advocating for policies that elevate our nation's values on immigration while ensuring that the values which make our homeland so special, including the rule of law, are not diminished.
A Grateful Thanks to Secretary Hagel
I respect and appreciate Secretary Hagels distinguished service to our country. In addition to his role as the Secretary of Defense, Chuck Hagel has served our nation honorably for decades as a Sergeant and infantry squad leader with the Army's 9th Infantry Division in Vietnam, as the Deputy Administrator of the Veterans Administration under President Reagan, and as a United States Senator from Nebraska.
These are challenging times for our nation and Secretary Hagel faced many tough decisions to protect our national security and ensure the safety of all Americans both at home and overseas. We owe him and his family our gratitude for their personal sacrifice and service to our nation.
Thanksgiving Wishes
Finally, Teri joins me in wishing each of you a very Happy Thanksgiving.
Please, when you celebrate the holiday this week, keep our Blue and Gold Star Families and all those who serve in your thoughts and prayers.
Mindful that I work for you, I remain
Yours in Freedom,
Scott Rigell
More About Congressman Rigell's Appropriations Committee Assignment
The Appropriations Committee, chaired by longtime legislator Hal Rogers of Kentucky, holds the power of the purse and sets specific expenditures for the United States Government. The committee is organized into twelve subcommittees that cover all funding categories for the federal government.
In these challenging times, every taxpayer dollar must be wisely spent. Congressman Rigell is eager to work with Chairman Rogers in his bold effort to restore regular order and put the nation on a better fiscal path.
Scott also looks forward to continuing to advocate for sound fiscal policy and continued funding for key defense, maritime, trade, and other interests vital to Hampton Roads.
To learn more about the House Committee on Appropriations, click
here .
Read about Scott's appointment to the House Committee on Appropriations:
Virginian-Pilot:
Rigell Selected for House Appropriations Committee
Daily Press:
Rigell Named to House Appropriations Committee
Politico Pro:
Rigell Swaps Armed Services for Appropriations
Where have you been, Scott?
Scott recently visited JEB Little Creek-Fort Story and participated in the U.S. Marine Corps Security Cooperation Group birthday cake cutting ceremony
Scott and Teri attended the 2014 Teens With a Purpose Masquerade Gala in VA-02
Photo credit: Teens With a Purpose Facebook Page
Semper Fi! Scott celebrated the U.S. Marine Corps birthday with fellow Marines at the 2014 U.S. Marine Corps Forces Command Birthday Ball
Your Congressman in the News
Recently, Representatives Scott Rigell and David Cicilline (D-RI) wrote a bipartisan letter to House Leadership asking that ethics training be mandatory for all Members of Congress.
We know what you're thinking: it's not already mandatory?!
We were surprised too.
Rigell's letter said:
"It is our belief that a change in House rules will help increase understanding and reduce confusion of the rules, help decrease the number of future ethics violations by members, and, most importantly, help restore the public's faith and trust in Congress."
Read more about Scott's effort to reform the ethics training for Members
here .
More press clips:
Bloomberg TV:
Rigell Talks Keystone Pipeline
Bearing Drift:
Podcast - Congressman Scott Rigell
Daily Press Opinion Editorial:
Area's Future Lies Offshore
Congressman Rigell Releases Statement About Iran Nuclear Negotiations Extension:
"Yesterdays failure of the P5+1 to finalize negotiations with Iran over its troubling nuclear program should be a concern to all. Irans record of delay, lack of transparency with the IAEA, and most importantly, its continued threats against the State of Israel, require aggressive efforts from both the United States and the international community. Whether those steps include increased sanctions, one thing must be made certain: Iran must never gain the ability to develop a nuclear weapon. The world cannot wait on another extension of talks."
You Should Go...
The holiday shopping season is upon us!
November 29 is Small Business Saturday
a great opportunity to get out and support the small businesses and local merchants who make our community special.
Small business owners are the engines that drive our economy, and the House of Representatives is working to roll back regulations and ease the tax burden on these entrepreneurs.
In September, the House passed the Employee Health Care Protection Act (HR 3522), which gives Americans in the group insurance market the opportunity to keep their policies in 2014 through 2019 and also give small businesses and their workers the option to choose plans even if they dont comply with the Affordable Care Acts rules.
Read more about the work of the 113th Congress on behalf of small businesses
here .
Quoteworthy:
Hamilton and Jefferson sparred over immigration in their early writings:
The safety of a republic depends essentially on the energy of a common national sentiment; on a uniformity of principles and habits; on the exemption of the citizens from foreign bias, and prejudice; and on that love of country which will almost invariably be found to be closely connected with birth, education, and family.
Alexander Hamilton, the Federalist Papers
Our ancestors possessed a right, which nature has given to all men, of departing from the country in which chance, not choice, has placed them, of going in quest of new habitations, and of there (sic) establishing new societies, under such laws and regulations as, to them, shall seem most likely to promote public happiness.
Thomas Jefferson: Rights of British America, 1774. ME 1:185, Papers 1:121
Helpful Resources
Watch live floor proceedings in the House of Representatives (when in session)
Find out what happened on the House floor today
Learn about the legislative process
Just released; 2015 House Legislative Calendar (114th Congress, First Session)
WEBSITE
|
UNSUBSCRIBE
|
CONTACT
Click Here Click Here