
Dear Friend,
Thank you for signing up to receive my email newsletter. These
newsletters will cover a variety of topics, including events happening
in Indiana, legislation being considered in Congress, and my
perspective on current issues. My hope is to keep you updated and
informed on how issues in Washington may impact Hoosiers. I welcome
your feedback.
Thanks for reading,
Dan Coats
_____
Defense Secretary Nominee, Iran Update
Click here
or on the image above to watch me disuss the nomination of Dr. Ash
Carter for Secretary of Defense.
Today, President Obama nominated Dr. Ash Carter to succeed Chuck Hagel
as Secretary of Defense. As former Assistant Secretary of Defense, I
believe he understands the inner workings of the Pentagon and the
demanding requirements of this important national security position.
Should Dr. Carter take over the helm at the Defense Department, it
would coincide with an ominous development of a national security issue
that he and I have dealt with together in the past - the growing danger
that Iran will soon be able to develop nuclear weapons and the
inability of prolonged negotiations with Iran to prevent that from
happening.
In 2008, Dr. Carter and I participated in co-authoring a report by the
Bipartisan Policy Center entitled, Meeting the Challenge: U.S. Policy
toward Iranian Nuclear Development.
In that
report we acknowledged that Iran's nuclear program would pose "the most
significant strategic threat to the United States during the next
Administration."
Now, more than six years later, after prolonged negotiations and yet
another extension of talks without achieving the stated goal of ending
that regime's quest for nuclear weapons capability, it is time to
reassess where we are.
President Obama is not only ignoring the clear and present danger posed
by Iranian ambitions, he is abetting those ambitions by surrendering
key positions first and then pursuing negotiations that confirm our
weakness.
Any settlement of issues regarding Iran's nuclear program is of
paramount importance to the security of the American people and the
world. Any proposed agreement requires thorough review and deliberation
by Congress.
An agreement on an issue of such vast significance requires a
bipartisan, bicameral consensus and mutual support and agreement by
both the executive and legislative branches of our government. The
consequences of a nuclear weapons-capable Iran are not tolerable, not
acceptable, and must motivate the most powerful and effective efforts
possible to prevent it from happening.
_____
Challenging Obama's Immigration Order
As the ranking Republican on the Senate Appropriations Subcommittee on
Homeland Security, I support the action taken this week by Indiana
Governor Mike Pence to join 16 other states in filing a lawsuit to
block President Obama's recent executive action granting legal status
to millions illegally in the United States.
The president's executive action on immigration well exceeded his
Constitutional authority. As a former constitutional law professor,
President Obama should understand his role to faithfully execute the
law, not create, alter or ignore it as he sees fit.
I am hopeful that the legal challenge filed by Indiana and partnering
states will be successful.
Coats in the News
Wall Street Journal: Republicans Call for Re-Examination of U.S.
National Security Policy
Fort Wayne Journal Gazette: Hagel's ouster laid on Obama
Associated Press: Sen. Coats responds to high court's decision to
review EPA mercury limits
FOX 59 Indianapolis: Indiana joins 17 other states in lawsuit
challenging President Obama's immigration order
Elkhart Truth: Elkhart County leaders blast Obama for taking unilateral
action on immigration, bypassing Congress
_____
Stay Connected
_____
Coats with Hoosiers
It was great to meet Kelly Gole of Batesville. She developed a computer
code for the Indiana state Christmas tree decoration, which will be on
display in front of the White House.
_____
To unsubscribe please
Click Here
Contact Me
Latest News
A message
from Senator Dan Coats
Dear
Friend,
Thank you for signing up to receive my email
newsletter. These newsletters will cover a variety of topics,
including
events happening in Indiana, legislation being
considered
in Congress, and my perspective on current issues.
My
hope is to keep you updated and informed on how issues in Washington may impact Hoosiers. I welcome your
feedback.
Thanks for reading,
Dan Coats
Defense Secretary Nominee, Iran Update
Click
here
or
on the image above to watch me disuss the nomination of Dr. Ash Carter for Secretary of Defense.
Today,
President Obama nominated Dr. Ash Carter to succeed Chuck Hagel as Secretary of Defense. As former Assistant
Secretary of Defense, I believe he understands the inner workings of the Pentagon and the demanding requirements
of this important national security position.
Should Dr. Carter take over the helm at the Defense Department, it would coincide with an ominous
development of a national security issue that he and I have dealt with together in the past &#8211; the
growing danger that Iran will soon be able to develop nuclear weapons and the inability of prolonged
negotiations with Iran to prevent that from happening.
In 2008, Dr. Carter and I participated in co-authoring a report by the Bipartisan Policy Center entitled,
Meeting
the Challenge: U.S. Policy toward Iranian Nuclear Development.
In that report we acknowledged that
Iran&#8217;s nuclear program would pose &#8220;the most significant strategic threat to the United States
during the next Administration.&#8221;
Now, more than six years later, after prolonged
negotiations and yet another extension of talks without achieving the stated goal of ending that regime&#8217;s
quest for nuclear weapons capability, it is time to reassess where we are.
President Obama is not only ignoring the clear and present danger posed by Iranian ambitions, he
is abetting those ambitions by surrendering key positions first and then pursuing negotiations that confirm
our weakness.
Any settlement of issues regarding Iran&#8217;s nuclear program is of paramount importance to the
security of the American people and the world. Any proposed agreement requires thorough review and deliberation
by Congress.
An agreement on an issue of such vast significance requires a bipartisan, bicameral consensus and
mutual support and agreement by both the executive and legislative branches of our government. The consequences
of a nuclear weapons-capable Iran are not tolerable, not acceptable, and must motivate the most powerful
and effective efforts possible to prevent it from happening.
Challenging
Obama's Immigration Order
As the ranking Republican on the Senate Appropriations Subcommittee on Homeland Security, I support
the action taken this week by Indiana Governor Mike Pence to join 16 other states in filing a lawsuit
to block President Obama&#8217;s recent executive action granting legal status to millions illegally
in the United States.
The president&#8217;s executive action on immigration well exceeded his Constitutional authority.
As a former constitutional law professor, President Obama should understand his role to faithfully execute
the law, not create, alter or ignore it as he sees fit.
I am hopeful that the legal challenge filed by Indiana and partnering states will be successful.
Coats
in the News
Wall
Street Journal: Republicans Call for Re-Examination of U.S. National Security Policy
Fort
Wayne Journal Gazette: Hagel's ouster laid on Obama
Associated
Press: Sen. Coats responds to high court's decision to review EPA mercury limits
FOX
59 Indianapolis: Indiana joins 17 other states in lawsuit challenging President Obama&#8217;s immigration
order
Elkhart
Truth: Elkhart County leaders blast Obama for taking unilateral action on immigration, bypassing Congress
Stay
Connected
Coats with Hoosiers
It was great to meet Kelly Gole of Batesville. She
developed a computer code for the Indiana state Christmas tree decoration, which will be on display in
front of the White House.
To
unsubscribe please
Click
Here
Contact
Me Latest
News
