
If you are having trouble viewing
this message or would like to share it on a social network, you can
view the message
online .
RECENT NEWS
|
CONSTITUENT SERVICES
|
LEGISLATIVE WORK
|
CONTACT ANNA
|
NOT A SUBSCRIBER?
"As we
express our gratitude, we must never forget that the highest appreciation
is not to utter words, but to live by them."
President John F.
Kennedy
Dear Friends,
Every Veterans Day our
country reflects on the selflessness of the men and women who have donned a
military uniform in service to our nation. We have a responsibility to
honor them, not just through one day of commemoration, but through a
consistent commitment to care for their needs, remember their service,
and honor their sacrifice. Their legacy is our
freedom.
There are over 25 million veterans nationwide today, including 30,000
in the 18th Congressional District. Its our collective responsibility
and duty to ensure that each veteran has the services, opportunities,
and care he or she has earned. I consider it a sacred promise to our
veterans, and I work hard to keep the promise.
I voted
for a number of critical initiatives to help our veterans, including:
passing a new post-9/11 GI Bill; expanding access to improved health
services; and providing greater support for our military families. Im
proud to have the second Fisher House at the Palo Alto VA. They are
places of comfort for families of veterans who help their loved ones heal
and rehabilitate. Im also exceedingly proud that we have the new,
magnificent Defenders Lodge at the Palo Alto VA, which is already serving
vets.
This year our resolve to live by the promises to
our nations veterans was especially tested. Amid deeply disturbing
revelations about delayed care of veterans nationwide and the scandal of
information being manipulated, it was our actionsnot our wordsthat
proved meaningful.
As I assessed the accusations against
the VA in certain regions of our country, I turned first to our own VA
system in Palo Alto. Our communities are blessed to have one of the
finest in the nation, serving veterans and their families throughout the
Bay Area, as well as California and our country. Veterans surveyed on
their satisfaction with the Palo Alto VA consistently score it above
the national average for all VA medical centers and in the top 25
percent in the region for access to outpatient care. Veterans seeking
primary care physicians experience well below average wait times. The Palo
Alto VAs superior performance was also corroborated by many veterans
from the 18th Congressional District who attended a
Town Hall Meeting
in July that I hosted with Congresswoman Jackie
Speier (CA-14) and Palo Alto VA Director Lisa Freeman.
As
part of our countrys promise to veterans, all VA systems should
strive for this level of excellence. Thats why on the issue of delayed VA
care, I voted for the bipartisan Veterans Access, Choice and
Accountability Act of 2014. The bill was signed into law and is bringing major
reform to all VA systems by offering care to veterans at non-VA
facilities to ensure that veterans needs are met even if the VA is not
able to meet them. The bill increased funding for the VA to hire new
doctors, improve facilities, and streamline the dismissal of senior VA
employees for poor performance and misconduct. The legislation also
created a Congressional Commission on Care to oversee VA health care
access.
I believe we can do even more. Our Palo Alto VA system is
in the heart of Silicon Valley, which has unique resources to lead
the country in innovative care for veterans. Specifically, the power of
public-private partnerships with our countrys leading innovators and
entrepreneurs has the potential to yield untold improvements to
veteran care. I recently joined Apples CEO Tim Cook at the Palo Alto VA to
demo some of Apples emerging IT technology directed to veterans. The
hope is to create useful avenues for patients and staff to schedule
appointments and secure information, and I will continue to support more
efforts like this.
On the battlefield, the military
pledge is to leave no soldier behind. As a nation, let it be our pledge
that when our troops return home, we leave no veteran behind. This
Veterans Day, let us honor their service with actions that fulfill our
commitment to our troops, their families and our veteransactions that are
worthy of them from a deeply grateful nation.
Most
gratefully,
Anna G. Eshoo
Member of
Congress
Tell a
Friend
Spread the word:
forward this email to a
friend.
DISTRICT OFFICE
698 Emerson Street
Palo Alto, California 94301
(650)
323-2984
(408) 245-2339
(831) 335-2020
(650) 323-3498
fax
WASHINGTON,
D.C. OFFICE
241 Cannon
Building
Washington, D.C. 20515
(202) 225-8104
(202)
225-8890 fax
WEB
SITE
eshoo.house.gov
Facebook
Youtube
Twitter
Unsubscribe
|
Update My Profile
|
Privacy Policy
