
NOTE: Please DO NOT respond to this email as this inbox is unattended. To contact my office please
click here
ABOUT
SERVICES
ISSUES &amp; LEGISLATION
MEDIA CENTER
RESOURCES
CONTACT
ESPAOL
Thursday, November 6, 2014
WEBSITE
|
FORWARD TO A FRIEND
| SHARE ON:
Marc's Memo: Bringing Jobs to CD33, Serving our Nations Veterans in November
Dear Friends,
Please take a moment to read my latest updates from this past week.
In this edition of the e-Newsletter, youll find photos and information on my work across the 33 rd
District of Texas and events that I am hosting this month to honor our military veterans and to assist Metroplex Job Seekers.
For the latest updates, make sure you are following me on my
Facebook
page or on my
Twitter
page.
Thanks for staying engaged and enjoy this week's edition of
Marcs Memo .
Sincerely,
Closer Look: Serving our Nations Veterans in November
November 11 th
is Veterans Day
an important time for Americans to reflect on the courageous service of our men and women in uniform.
As part of my offices ongoing commitment to our nations veterans,
o n Monday, November, 10, 2014, we will host a
Veterans Town Hall
at the American Legion Post 838 (1250 Mansield Avenue, Fort Worth, TX 76104). The event starts at 5:00 PM with the awarding of the Congressional Veteran Commendation to five local veterans. The town hall will follow and lasts until 7:00 PM.
I would be honored to have you and your family join us at this free and fun community event in honor of our nations heroes.
I recognize the continuing need for veterans to have access to quality job opportunities and the resources they need to thrive in the civilian workforce.
This month, I am hosting a job fair designed to connect constituents, including military veterans, to employment opportunities in the Metroplex.
33 rd
Congressional District Job &amp; Resource Fair Gets the Metroplex to Work
Seeking employment or a change in career?
Need assistance with your resume, interview techniques, or job search approach?
By participating in the upcoming
33 rd
Congressional District Job &amp; Resource Fair , you will be taking a big step toward finding the right job for you!
Join me on Friday, November 21 st
from 8:30 AM
12:00 PM at Mountain View College, Building E Lobby, 4849 W Illinois Ave, Dallas, TX 75211
In this highly competitive job market, we will give job seekers the tools they need to present themselves professional and received attention from employers.
Bring your resume and dress for success to meet with more than 70 employers in search of people to make their businesses better.
Take advantage of FREE career development workshops designed to help you reach your career goals:
Skill Building &amp; Networking
2nd Chance for Employment
One-on-One Rsum Critiquing
Mature Workers Re-entering the Workforce
Veteran-to-Civilian Transition
We want to help you prepare for your dream job!
This event if FREE and open to the public.
For more info, visit:
http://veasey.house.gov/VeaseyJobFair
Marc Means Business: Experiencing a Work Day Without Sight
To mark National Disability Employment Awareness Month and International White Cane Day, I had the chance to work alongside the blind and visually impaired at the Lighthouse for the Blind in Fort Worth as part of my
Marc Means Business
initiative.
During my work day at Lighthouse for the Blind, I wore a blindfold while participating in blind-sensitivity training, which included simple tasks such as typing, pouring water, and counting change. I was also given the chance to work while wearing vision-impairing goggles on the facilitys paper assembly line and paper tube shipping line. While I was supervised throughout the day, it was a very challenging experience.
I was delighted to meet many of the clients and employees living with visual impairments and blindness. Because of my experience, Ive found a new appreciation for the technologies and opportunities that organizations like the Lighthouse provide for blind Americans in the Metroplex.
October: CD33 in Photos
October 8, 2014- Fort Worth, TX--
Congressman Marc Veasey joined former president Jimmy Carter and his wife, Rosalynn, to help Habitat for Humanity of Fort Worth build and repair new homes in Fort Worth.
October 15, 2014
Fort Worth, TX--
Congressman Marc Veasey hosted an Education Taskforce Meeting at Dan Powell Intermediate in Fort Worth to discuss STEMGenetics in EISD.
October 30, 2014- Fort Worth, TX
Congressman Veasey rolls up his sleeves to assist with an oil change during a visit to Mac Churchill Acura in Fort Worth.
Check out more photos from my time around the 33 rd
Congressional District in our Flickr Photo Gallery!
Contact Me
E-Newsletter Sign-Up
Help with a Federal Agency
Flag Request
Visit Washington, D.C.
UPCOMING EVENTS
Nov. 10:
Veterans Town Hall
Nov. 21:
33rd District Job &amp; Resource Fair
Click
here
for event details.
MARC'S MEMO ARCHIVES
Click
here
to read past editions of Marc's Memo.
CONNECT WITH ME
Washington, DC Office
414 Cannon House Office Building
Washington, DC 20515
P: (202) 225-9897
F: (202) 225-9702
Dallas District Office
JP Morgan Chase Building
1881 Sylvan Ave., Ste. 108
Dallas, TX 75208
P: (214) 741-1387
F: (214) 741-2026
Fort Worth District Office
Office Tower at La Gran Plaza
4200 South Freeway, Suite 412
Fort Worth, TX 76115
P: (817) 920-9086
F: (817) 920-9324
NOTE: Please DO NOT respond to this email as this inbox is unattended. To contact my office please
click here
Click Here Click Here