
Our broken campaign finance system is a danger to our democracy -- and this recent election proved it. The non-partisan Sunlight Foundation reports that conservative &ldquo;dark money&rdquo; groups spent
Friend --
Our broken campaign finance system is a danger to our democracy -- and this recent election proved it.
The non-partisan Sunlight Foundation reports that conservative &ldquo;dark money&rdquo; groups spent $94 MILLION on this election -- more than THREE TIMES the spending by progressive groups. Conservative billionaires and corporate interests are literally buying our democracy -- without anyone knowing who they are!
The system is broken. And to fix it -- to curb the dangerous influence of money in politics -- we MUST take the first, critical step of passing a constitutional amendment that overturns
Citizens United.
Add your name: Support an amendment to overturn
Citizens United
and restore our democracy.
Your Action History
Last Petition Signed:
N/A
Overturn
Citizens United :
Signature Pending &gt;&gt;
The
Citizens United
Supreme Court decision fundamentally changed the way our political system works, giving corporations and special interests the ability to spend virtually unlimited amounts of money in our elections. The result? $94 million in &ldquo;dark money.&rdquo;
We&rsquo;re sick of it -- and we need to show Congress. Can we get 100,000 Democrats to sign our petition and show that there&rsquo;s a massive movement behind clean elections?
Sign our petition supporting an amendment to reverse
Citizens United
and bring back clean elections.
Thanks,
DSCC Rapid Response
Democratic Senatorial Campaign Committee
P.O. Box 96047
Washington, DC 20090
Paid for by the Democratic Senatorial Campaign Committee, dscc.org,
and not authorized by any candidate or candidate&#39;s committee.
The DSCC is the only organization solely dedicated to supporting Democrats in the U.S. Senate. This message was sent to dj724530@gmail.com because you are a part of the DSCC&rsquo;s grassroots network. Please add us to your address book or approved senders list to make sure you keep receiving DSCC updates.
Emails are a critical way for us to stay in touch with our grassroots supporters. 99% of the DSCC&rsquo;s contributions come from grassroots donors giving less than $200. We also strive to keep you updated on issues related to the Democratic Party&rsquo;s values.
If you&rsquo;d like to stop receiving emails related to this campaign, please
click here .
If you&#39;d like to make a contribution to support us, please
click here . We are already beginning to prepare for the fight ahead &ndash; reclaiming the majority in 2016. It will take every single grassroots supporter, but we know it&rsquo;s possible with your help. If you&rsquo;d like to stop receiving all emails from the DSCC, please
unsubscribe . We greatly appreciate your continued support.
Contributions or gifts to the DSCC are not tax deductible.
