
If you are having trouble
viewing this message or would like to share it on a social network,
you can
view the message
online .
November 02, 2014
Unsubscribe
Update My
Profile
Website
|
Biography
|
Contact Me
|
Services
|
Issues &amp; Legislation
|
Newsroom
|
28th District
Dear Friend,
Welcome to my
Washington Update, an e-newsletter for the constituents of California's 28th
Congressional District. This e-newsletter provides a way for you to keep
me informed of your views and interests. You can do this by clicking
on the survey question, which appears on the right. In addition to
participating in the survey, I would encourage you to send any more
detailed thoughts
by email .
Rep. Schiff
Announces White House Will Display Armenian Orphan Rug in
November
Last week, Rep. Adam Schiff announced
that the White House will be displaying the Armenian Orphan Rug, also
known as the Ghazir Rug, as part of an exhibit at the White House
Visitors Center.
The Armenian Orphan Rug was woven by orphans of the
Armenian Genocide in 1920, and presented to President Calvin Coolidge
in 1925 as a symbol of gratitude for American aid and generosity
during the genocide. The rug, which measures 11'7" x 18'5, has over
4,000,000 hand-tied knots and took the Armenian girls in the Ghazir
Orphanage of the Near East Relief Society 10 months to weave.
The
rug
which has been in storage at the White House for decades
will
be displayed from
November 18
23
in the White House
Visitors Center.
For more information on the event, please
call
(818)
450-2900 .
The Armenian Orphan Rug embodies the resilience
of the Armenian people through their darkest days and serves as a
poignant reminder of 1.5 million Armenians who were murdered in the first
genocide of the 20th Century. It also reminds Americans that our
government was a central player in efforts to call attention to the plight
of the Armenian people and provide relief to survivors, said Rep.
Adam Schiff. Since first raising this issue with the White House, we
have worked to find a dignified way to display the Rug so that Americans
can come to see this important artifact, and learn about an important
chapter of the shared history of the Armenian and American
peoples.
I look forward to seeing the rug displayed at the White House
Visitors Center.
Read More:
Glendale News-Press
White House
will display Armenian Orphan Rug next month
Los Angeles Times
White House
plans exhibition of rug linked to Armenian genocide
Washington Post
Armenian Orphan Rug to go on display at White House Visitor Center in
November
Asbarez
Orphan Rug Display and Genocide Recognition by White
House
President Obama
Designates San Gabriel Mountains a National
Monument
Earlier this month, President Obama signed an order at
designating 346,000 acres of National Forest land in the San Gabriel
Mountains as the Nation's newest national monument.
The effort to
protect the San Gabriel Mountains started eleven and a half years ago
with the introduction of a bill by then-Representative Hilda Solis, and
later championed by Representatives Judy Chu and Schiff. The result
was a 10-year study by the National Park Service, which included 66
stakeholder meetings, and 16,800 public comments, most overwhelmingly in
support of more resources for the San Gabriel Mountains and
Rivers.
"Since I was a California State Senator, I have made
protecting open space in the Rim of the Valley and San Gabriel Mountains a top
priority. Today's designation of the San Gabriel Mountains as a
National Monument is an important step forward in ensuring that these lands
can be enjoyed by future generations of Angelenos. As we await a final
recommendation from the National Park Service on the creation of a
Rim of the Valley National Recreation Area, I look forward to working
with leaders throughout our community towards our common goal of
preserving these natural areas and their abundant wildlife, resourcing them
well, improving recreational opportunities, and being good stewards of
the land."
Read more:
Los Angeles Times
Obama to publicly
name San Gabriel Mountains a national
monument
Rep. Schiff Bikes on Final Leg of Ride2Recovery
into Los Angeles
Earlier this month, Rep. Adam Schiff
joined with veterans, supporters and their family and friends on the
final leg of the week-long bicycle journey called Ride 2 Recovery.
Ride 2 Recovery is a nonprofit that encourages injured veterans to heal
physically and psychologically through cycling. Participants, made up
of men and women from age 20 to their late 60s, are referred to the
program and are able to take part in events across the country for
free. Their injuries include amputations, brain trauma and post-traumatic
stress.
Schiff biked the final 60 mile leg with
them.
It was an honor to join veterans and wounded warriors on the final
60-mile leg of their Ride 2 Recovery journey from San Francisco to LA.
Their resilience and determination to overcome their injuries is
nothing short of astounding, said Rep. Schiff.
Read
More:
Los
Angeles Times Tuskegee Airmen join final leg of 450-mile bike ride for
injured vets
Rep.
Schiff Discusses Threat from Lone Wolf Terror Attacks on KTLA Morning
News
This week, Rep. Schiff appeared on KTLA
Morning News to discuss the threat faced from self-radicalized
attackers within Western
from Europe to the U.S.
attacking us after being
radicalized on the Internet.
As a senior Member of the
Intelligence Committee, Schiff has been briefed regularly about the threats we
face
from the recent attack on the Canadian Parliament to the
attacker wielding a hatchet in New York City.
And with the rise of
ISIS in Syria and Iraq and their use of social media, the threat in
recent months has only grown.
In the interview, Schiff
stated: Some are radicalized by online propaganda put out there by
ISIS, and are inspired to commit acts of violence like the shooting in
Canada. Theyre not part of a broader terrorist plot, but nonetheless,
its a very troubling expansion of these one-off attacks.
Theyre very hard to predict, theyre very hard to stop
if theres no
communication, no foreign born plot, no opportunity for intelligence
agencies to zero in, its hard to stop.
Were going to have to use
different strategies, but were going to have to adapt. Watch the rest
of the interview here:
News You Can
Use
Information and resources on Ebola
Ebola
is all over the news right now. And with so much conflicting
information and varying reports out there, its hard to know where to go to get
the facts. The
Center for
Disease Control and Prevention (CDC) has a lot of resources available
so you can be properly informed, and keep yourself and your family
safe. The CDC also has a full
page
devoted to Ebola
information on their website. It features
the latest outbreak news-- and includes resources for people living or
traveling abroad, healthcare workers, and airline
personnel.
Join KPCC Forum on ISIS
Want to
join the discussion about the threat of ISIS and how the U.S. should
respond? KPCC is hosting a forum at the Crawford Family
Center
on
Wednesday, November
5 , and Rep. Schiff will be participating as a panelist. Learn more
and RSVP here:
http://goo.gl/jUWo8b
Get help with domestic
violence or abuse
Domestic abuse
and violence have been front-page news lately,
and a topic of discussion throughout the country. The
US Department of Justice
defines
domestic violence as, a pattern of abusive behavior in any relationship that
is used by one partner to gain or maintain power and control over
another intimate partner. It can be physical, sexual, emotional,
economic, or psychological abuse. If you, or someone you know is experiencing
domestic abuse, there is help out there. Call the
National Domestic Violence Hotline :
1-800-799-SAFE
(7233)
Tuesday
is Election Day
Voting is
open
on Tuesday until 8
pm, and if youre in line by then, you
have the right to vote. If you requested but haven't mailed your
absentee ballot, bring it to your polling place. Find your polling place
here:
https://www.lavote.net/ Locator/
In the last couple weeks, several states have
imposed a mandatory quarantine on health care workers returning from West
Africa. Several public officials are also calling for a travel ban to
the three countries most affected by the outbreak. Health care experts
have warned that both steps will make it more difficult to encourage
health care workers from assisting in the effort to contain the epidemic
in West Africa, and recommend vigorous screening and monitoring of
those returning from the region instead.
Do support a travel ban and mandatory
quarantine? No, I am
comfortable with the steps recommended by NIH and the CDC and do not want to
discourage efforts to contain the epidemic in West Africa. No, I think the public
officials advocating these steps are playing on people's fears instead of good
science.
Yes, I
support a ban on people entering the U.S. from Ebola affected areas
and mandatory quarantine for American health workers returning.
Yes, I don't trust the
recommendations of the CDC or NIH and think they are putting political
correctness ahead of the public safety. Other: *By answering this survey, you are subscribing to my
newsletter If you are having trouble, click
here. Survey Results Do you support the President's decision? Answer Total Yes
ISIS has shown unprecedented
barbarity and poses a unique threat to our security and the entire
Middle East, and we must act before they get any stronger. 36.96% Yes
I support the airstrikes but also
believe it will not be enough, and that we will need American boots on
the ground. 28.25% No
I do not
support arming the rebels, none of which is moderate, and it simply won't
work.
15.04% No
I do not
believe that using force will help and will only serve to draw us into
Syria's civil war. 19.74%
Contact Information
Washington,
DC
2411 Rayburn House Office Building
Washington D.C. 20515
Phone: (202)
225-4176
Facsimile: (202) 225-5828
Burbank
Office
245 E. Olive Ave., #200
Burbank, California
91502
Phone: (818) 450-2900
Phone: (323)
315-5555
Facsimile: (818) 450-2928
Update My
Profile
-
Unsubscribe
-
Privacy
Policy
gateway mail end
