
November 1, 2014
Dear Friends,
I would like to share this week&rsquo;s edition of Jackie&rsquo;s Reading Picks, a compilation of articles that have piqued my interest over the week. You can find this week&rsquo;s selection and others on my website in the
Jackie&rsquo;s Reading Picks
section.
Happy reading!
All the best,
The American Dream Is Leaving America
By NICHOLAS KRISTOF, NY Times
The best escalator to opportunity in America is education. But a new study underscores that the escalator is broken. We expect each generation to do better, but, currently, more young American men have less education (29 percent) than their parents than have more education (20 percent). Among young Americans whose parents didn&rsquo;t graduate from high school, only 5 percent make it through college themselves. In other rich countries, the figure is 23 percent.
Read more
here .
The Red Cross&rsquo; Secret Disaster
by JUSTIN ELLIOTT &amp; JESSE EISINGER, Pro Republica, AND LAURA SULLIVAN, NPR
In 2012, TWO MASSIVE STORMS pounded the United States, leaving hundreds of thousands of people homeless, hungry or without power for days and weeks.
Americans did what they so often do after disasters. They sent hundreds of millions of dollars to the Red Cross, confident their money would ease the suffering left behind by Superstorm Sandy and Hurricane Isaac. They believed the charity was up to the job. They were wrong.
The Red Cross botched key elements of its mission after Sandy and Isaac, leaving behind a trail of unmet needs and acrimony, according to an investigation by ProPublica and NPR. The charity&rsquo;s shortcomings were detailed in confidential reports and internal emails, as well as accounts from current and former disaster relief specialists. What&rsquo;s more, Red Cross officials at national headquarters in Washington, D.C. compounded the charity&rsquo;s inability to provide relief by &ldquo;diverting assets for public relations purposes,&rdquo; as one internal report puts it. Distribution of relief supplies, the report said, was &ldquo;politically driven.&rdquo;
Read more
here .
USAID chief: We will stop Ebola in West Africa
By DR. RAJIV SHAH, USA Today
In the heart of the Ebola epidemic, there is a clear sense of hope. I've just returned from Liberia, Sierra Leone and Guinea, where I met dozens of health workers, humanitarians and community leaders who are making a difference in this fight.
There is no question that the pace, ingenuity, and scale of our global response must continue to grow quickly. But at a time when fear and misinformation spread panic faster than a virus, let's not miss the opportunity to scale up what's working, fix what isn't and bring the best of science, technology and innovation to bear on this devastating disease.
I spoke with Ebola survivors who now care for sick patients in the very same Ebola Treatment Unit (ETU) that saved their lives. I met local workers on burial teams who enter communities threatened by Ebola and endure the stigma of the virus to bury loved ones. At a training session for health care workers, I met a young doctor from Germany who gave up her holiday to put on a personal protective suit in the stifling heat and train others to work in the hot zone.
Read more
here .
The Unsafety Net: How Social Media Turned Against Women
By CATHERINE BUNI AND SORAYA CHEMALY, The Atlantic
In December 2012, an Icelandic woman named Thorlaug Agustsdottir discovered a Facebook group called &ldquo;Men are better than women.&rdquo; One image she found there, Thorlaug wrote to us this summer in an email, &ldquo;was of a young woman naked chained to pipes or an oven in what looked like a concrete basement, all bruised and bloody. She looked with a horrible broken look at whoever was taking the pic of her curled up naked.&rdquo; Thorlaug wrote an outraged post about it on her own Facebook page.
Before long, a user at &ldquo;Men are better than women&rdquo; posted an image of Thorlaug&rsquo;s face, altered to appear bloody and bruised. Under the image, someone commented, &ldquo;Women are like grass, they need to be beaten/cut regularly.&rdquo; Another wrote: &ldquo;You just need to be raped.&rdquo; Thorlaug reported the image and comments to Facebook and requested that the site remove them.
Read more
here .
The Secret Casualties of Iraq&rsquo;s Abandoned Chemical Weapons
By C.J. CHIVERS, NY Times
The soldiers at the blast crater sensed something was wrong. It was August 2008 near Taji, Iraq. They had just exploded a stack of old Iraqi artillery shells buried beside a murky lake. The blast, part of an effort to destroy munitions that could be used in makeshift bombs, uncovered more shells.
Two technicians assigned to dispose of munitions stepped into the hole. Lake water seeped in. One of them, Specialist Andrew T. Goldman, noticed a pungent odor, something, he said, he had never smelled before. He lifted a shell. Oily paste oozed from a crack. &ldquo;That doesn&rsquo;t look like pond water,&rdquo; said his team leader, Staff Sgt. Eric J. Duling.
Read more
here .
Unsubscribe
Washington D.C. Office
211 Cannon House Office Building
Washington, DC 20515
Phone: (202) 225-3531
Fax: (202) 226-4183
San Mateo Office
155 Bovet Road, Suite 780
San Mateo, CA 94402
Phone: (650) 342-0300
Fax: (650) 375-8270
Click Here
to be removed from this list
