
Click here to view this message in your browser.
December 1, 2014
Dear David,
As your U.S. Senator, I&rsquo;m proud to be working for you on initiatives that promote the economic well-being of Hoosiers. Recently, I helped pass legislation that will strengthen child care programs for Indiana families and announced my support for a new bill that would protect seniors and other consumers from phone scams.
IMPROVING CHILD CARE PROGRAMS FOR HOOSIER FAMILIES
Whether parents are going to work, school, or a training program, one of the most important decisions they have to make is who will care for their children. Regardless of a family&rsquo;s income level, our children deserve access to safe, quality child care services.
That is why I voted to reauthorize a law designed to help working American families afford child care. The
Child Care Development Block Grant (CCDBG) Act of 2014
will make several commonsense changes to a law that has not been reauthorized since 1996. This bipartisan legislation passed the Senate by a vote of 88 to 1 and then was signed into law by President Obama.
This legislation includes reforms that will:
Strengthen the safety of child care providers by requiring background checks for all individuals who provide child care with the support of this grant;
Enhance parental choice for child care by providing information on all programs available, including faith-based and community-based providers; and
Allowing states to train child care providers and develop more effective and safer child care services.
PROTECTING HOOSIERS FROM PHONE SCAMS
As a member of the Special Committee on Aging, one of my priorities is helping to protect seniors and all Hoosiers from consumer fraud and identity theft. I announced my support for the bipartisan
Anti-Spoofing Act of 2014 , which is legislation that would better protect seniors and all consumers by helping prevent criminals from using technology that allows them to hide their true location and identity. Both Democrats and Republicans &ndash; as well as government and private industry &ndash; must work together to crack down on spoofing and phone scams. Watch my remarks from a recent Aging Committee hearing on stemming the tide of phone scams
here .
As always, do not hesitate to contact any of our
offices
if you have any questions or need assistance.
Sincerely,
Senator Joe Donnelly
Please do not reply to this email. To contact my office, please
click here .
Senator Joe Donnelly
Office Locations
Washington, D.C.
SH-720 Hart Senate Office Building
Washington, D.C. 20510
Phone: (202) 224-4814
Fax: (202) 224-5011
Indianapolis, IN
115 N. Pennsylvania Street, Suite 100
Indianapolis, IN 46204
Phone: (317) 226-5555
Fax: (855) 772-7518
For a full list of office locations, please
click here .
Unsubscribe
