DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.0 Transitional//EN" "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml1/DTD/xhtml1-transitional.dtd"
If you are having trouble reading this email,
please view the web version .
House Passes Funding Bill
Yesterday evening, the House of Representatives passed a bill to fund most government departments through the 2015 fiscal year by a vote of 219-206. The Department of Homeland Security will be funded only through February, giving the new Congress an opportunity to respond to the Presidents immigration order. I reluctantly supported the bill, believing it was the best that could come from divided government. Please read more about why I made this tough choice in this weeks
OP-ED .
Health Subcommittee Looks at Fiscal Challenges
This week, the Health Subcommittee held a hearing to look at setting our federal fiscal priorities. Right now, important programs are on a pace to bankrupt the federal government. Medicare is on a course to spend down its entire trust fund in just 15 years. Medicaid funding, which already takes up 25 percent of most state budgets, could double in the coming years. These programs, if left unreformed, could consume almost all federal tax revenue in just a few short years. We need to act now to strengthen and save these programs so that they will be there for our children and grandchildren. Congress has to focus on our budget problems, before they become unmanageable. To view my opening statement,
CLICK HERE .
Bipartisan Legislation to Advance International Religious Freedom
Before the House adjourned, I introduced new legislation to strengthen U.S. advocacy for freedom of religion or belief abroad. This bipartisan bill, introduced with Rep. Anna Eshoo (D-CA), reauthorizes the International Religious Freedom Act. While the bill wont pass this year, we are hoping it will be taken up in the next Congress. Religious Freedom has been a central pillar of American democracy since its inception. Just as America has a special place in the world for religious freedom, international religious freedom deserves a special place in our governments foreign policy.
Obamacare Architect Jonathan Gruber Testifies
The MIT economist and advisor who helped shape Obamacare, Jonathan Gruber, testified this week in front of the House Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. While he tried to downplay his role in crafting the law, just today video appeared showing him bragging about being one of the people who wrote the law. Clearly, he was intimately involved in the construction of the bill and so his comments about deceiving the American people to get the bill passed are important. Additionally, his comments on tax subsidies may have an impact on the current Supreme Court case about the legality of administration action. To view the hearing in full,
CLICK HERE .
Op-ed of the Week: Last Gasp of Harry Reids Senate
Senate Majority Leader Harry Reid, had a plan for keeping the Senate: dont make moderate Senate Democrats vote on anything controversial. That plan was a failure. Next year, Republicans will be in firm control of the Senate.
READ MORE
Facebook
Podcast
Tell Joe Your Opinion
Issues
The 16th District
Ask Joe For Help
The Government
Legislation
Press
About Joe Pitts
Photo Gallery
Please feel free to
forward this email to your friends and family .
Recent Videos
Obamacare and the "Stupidity" of the American Voter
Rep. Pitts highlights remarks from an Obamacare architect who bragged about the law's lack of transparency.
Stopping Illicit Steroids
Rep. Pitts discusses his bill to prevent designer anabolic steroids from being sold on the market as supplements.
Washington, D.C. Office
420 Cannon House Office Building
Washington, DC 20515
(1st Street and Independence Avenue)
202-225-2411
202-225-2013 (fax)
Chester County Office
Post Office Box 837
Unionville, PA 19375
(Routes 82 and 926)
610-444-4581
610-444-5750 (fax)
Lancaster Office
150 North Queen Street
Suite 716 (7th floor)
Lancaster, PA 17603
717-393-0667
717-393-0924 (fax)
Click Here Click Here