
If you are having trouble viewing
this message or would like to share it on a social network, you can
view the message
online .
Home
Contact Me
About
Services
News
Issues
November 02, 2014
Dear
David,
Exciting news in Minnesota's Chippewa National Forest as the Capitol
Christmas tree was cut down and is now on its way to Washington, D.C.
So a piece of Minnesota's natural beauty will make it's way to our
nation's captial, and I look forward to seeing the White Spruce when
it's all lit up!
I visited a lot of local schools this week,
meeting with first, second, fourth and fifth grade students. I ended up
spending time at Highlands Elementary, Park Brook Elementary, Elm Creek
Elementary,
Clear Springs Elementary, and Seven Hills
Academy. The kids were very attentive and asked lots of
questions!
I always enjoy
meeting with teachers in the classroom and the students were very
attentive.
If I can be of help to you or your family, dont hesitate to give my
office a call. Join the conversation online by visiting my
website ,
Facebook
page,
Twitter , and don't forget to watch my weekly video,
Erik's Correspondence Corner .
Erik Paulsen
Member of Congress
Meningitis
B
You may remember that I have been
pushing the Food and Drug Administration (FDA) to approve a vaccine --
already approved in 34 countries -- that would prevent contraction of
the Meningitis B bacteria. Earlier this summer
I
wrote a column in the Minneapolis Star Tribune
and traveled to
Canada to
receive the
vaccination
myself to draw attention to this issue and push the FDA to expediate their
process for an approved vaccine. This week, the FDA announced that they
have officially approved a vaccine for MenB -- welcome news for
college students who are most at risk of contracting the disease. I'm
hopeful that the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention will work
quickly to develop a strategy to make the vaccine more widely available,
and I will be monitoring their progress. It's important that we
streamline and modernize the FDA approval process to ensure that Americans
aren't the last to benefit from new medical
innovations.
Combating
Sex Trafficking
As I continue
my work on legislation combating the horffic crime of sex trafficking,
it's important that we keep spreading awareness about how pervavise
this problem continues to be in communities around the country. My
guest to this year's State of the Union address, Vednita Carter of
Breaking Free, has joined with the Twin Cities Film Festival to
create a documentary
detailing what many young girls that are
victims must go through on a daily basis. The film should be
eye-opening for those who still don't understand how widespread the problem
is. I also spoke this week at the University of St. Thomas Mental Health
Conference about the issue of sex trafficking and gave an update on
my efforts to protect victims and bring pimps and traffickers to
justice.
Civil
Air Patrol Awards
The Civil
Air Patrol (CAP) is a terrific organization that teaches our high
school students the value of service, honor, and giving back to their
communities.
I attended the awards ceremony for the local CAP Viking
Squadron honoring numerous cadets. Two of them -- Cadet 2nd. Lt.
Shannon Hockman and Cadet 2nd. Lt. James Gunderson -- received the
Mitchell Award which is only awarded to 15% of cadets nationwide. Cadet
Captain Daniel Hall received the Earhart award that is only awarded to 5%
of cadets in the program. The dedication of these young men and women
is outstanding and it is inspiring to see our future leaders in
action.
Congressman Paulsen touring the Home Depot in
Plymouth.
Erik with
5th graders at Park Brook Elementary in Brooklyn
Park.
Congressman
Paulsen meeting with Champlin city officials to discuss growth and
transportation
issues.
###
Unsubscribe
|
Update My Profile
|
Privacy
Policy
