
If you are
having trouble viewing this message or would like to share it on a
social network, you can
view the message online .
Unsubscribe
Update My Profile
Jose E. Serrano, Representing the 15th Congressional District in
the Bronx
Website
|
Biography
|
Services
|
Press
Releases
|
Issues
|
Legislation
|
Contact
December 05, 2014
On Capitol
Hill
Congressman Serrano on Grand Jury Decision in Eric Garners
Case
On Wednesday, Congressman Jos E. Serrano joined members
of the New York City Congressional Delegation to speak out on the
grand jury decision not to indict police officer Daniel Pantaleo for the
death of Eric Garner as a result of using an illegal chokehold during
his arrest.
Congressman Serrano said:
The grand
jurys decision today not to indict police officer Daniel Pantaleo in the
case of Eric Garner is disconcerting. Despite the indisputable visual
evidence available in this case, and a ruling by the Chief Medical
Examiner that Eric Garners death was a homicide, our criminal justice
system did not vote to indict on a single criminal charge. Last week,
the grand jurys decision in the Fergusoncase left us with a sense of
injustice. The grand jurys decision in the Eric Garner case just adds
to the feeling of that our criminal justice system is failing minority
victims and letting the perpetrators get away. My sympathies go out to
Eric Garners family, loved ones, and entire community in this
difficult moment.
We cant give up. We must continue pursuing
justice for Eric Garner, Michael Brown, and all the other innocent
minority men and women who are suffering the effects of police abuse and
civil rights violations.
Congressman Serrano joined
Representative Jeffries and several other Members of Congress from New York City
earlier this year in a letter to urge the U.S. Department of Justice
to investigate the death of Eric Garner
and the
New York Police Departments enforcement of the states government
broken windows policy.
Congressman
Serrano on Ferguson Grand Jury Decision Not to Indict Police Officer
Darren Wilson
Last week, Congressman Serrano released
the following statement on the grand jury decision not to indict
Ferguson Police Officer Darren Wilson for the killing of unarmed teenager
Michael Brown:
I am very troubled by the grand jurys decision
not to indict Ferguson police officer Darren Wilson for the killing
of Michael Brown. This decision shows just how much work we must do as
a nation to address fairness in our criminal justice system. Far too
often we are faced with sadly familiar headlines and circumstances, and
far too often we are left with a sense of
injustice.
We must continue pursuing justice for Michael Brown through the U.S.
Department of Justices investigation of the ruling, the circumstances
surrounding the case, and local police practices in minority
communities. Here in New York City, the case of Eric Garner is still pending
and the U.S. Department of Justice should also investigate this case. We
need to change the way that law enforcement interacts with minority
communities throughout the country and the federal government has a
large role to play in this effort.
While I understand
the anger many in Ferguson and the rest of the country are feeling in
this difficult moment, I urge people to express their frustration
through peaceful means. We need to come together in the spirit of
solidarity, strength and respect for each other. Lets remember that - We Are
One.
Congressman Serrano on World
AIDS Day
U.S. Congressman Jose E. Serrano released the
following statement on World AIDS Day, celebrated every year on
December 1:
On World AIDS Day, let us recommit ourselves to
fighting and finding a cure for a disease that still claims too many lives
every year.
Lets also keep in our thoughts and prayers all the
individuals who have lost the battle against HIV/AIDS or who are
currently fighting this terrible disease. We must continue to educate
ourselves and our communities to combat the spread of the virus and the
stigma that is often associated with being HIV-positive.
We also
must continue working to improve the quality of life for those living
with HIV/AIDS and to find a cure.
In New York, we have one of
the highest rates of infection in the United States, with more than
100,000 people infected with the virus
more than 3 times the national
average. A significant part of this population comes from low-income
communities of color that lack adequate resources to prevent and treat
HIV/AIDS.
We have to allocate more resources, both here in New
York and abroad, towards increasing funding for HIV/AIDS outreach,
education and testing.
This is why in recent years, I have fought
in Congress and made it a priority to increase the funding available
for this type of programs. I have worked to successfully expand access
to federal funding for syringe exchange programs by removing outdated
bans on federal funding for these effective efforts. I have also
worked to better fund the Ryan White HIV/AIDS program and housing programs
to help HIV-positive homeless people.
We also have to help
developing countries, which need the support of the international
community, to reduce the rate of infection through similar prevention
efforts and to get on par with developed nations in terms of treatment
available for infected individuals.
World Aids Day serves as an
opportunity to remember that we all have a role to play in these
efforts through advocacy and the support of legislation and policy in
government, testing and sexual health awareness, financial support, the
sharing useful knowledge and information with others, and fighting the
fear and stigma that too often accompanies this
disease.
For more information on AIDS/HIV, or to find your nearest
testing center, please call the New York City Department of Health at 311
or visit
www.nyc.gov/health .
In The
Bronx
Congressman Serrano on
Passing of Herman Badillo
Former Congressman Herman
Badillo passed away on Wednesday November 26. Herman Badillo was the first
Puerto Rican Bronx borough president, first Puerto Rico born U.S.
Congressman, and first New York City mayoral candidate. First elected to
serve the South Bronx in Congress in 1970, he served for more than
three terms, from 1971 to 1977.
Congressman Serrano released
the following statement:
I am extremely sad to hear that my
friend, mentor, and Puerto Rican trailblazer Herman Badillo has passed
away. He was a true pioneer in every sense of the word, who opened
doors for many in New York City. He was the first Puerto Rican Bronx
Borough President, the first Puerto Rican born member of Congress, the
first Puerto Rican New York City mayoral candidate and a founding member
of the Congressional Hispanic Caucus in Congress. He always
prioritized fighting for greater access to opportunity for Hispanics, combating
poverty, and promoting urban renewal.
I had the honor and
privilege to count on his friendship, guidance, and support over the
years. I can represent my community in Congress today only because he
dared to say that wePuerto Ricans and Hispanicscould serve in
Congress and deserved a seat at the table. He will always be remembered by
everyone whose life he touched and by the people of the Bronx. My
thoughts and prayers are with his family. May he rest in
peace.
Grant
Announcement
Operation
AmeriCorps
Deadline: January14, 2015
The Corporation for
National and Community Service has made funding available to support a
new initiative where applicants may request AmeriCorps State and
National, AmeriCorps VISTA, and AmeriCorps NCCC resources in a single
application to use national service as a transformative catalyst to
address a communitys most pressing local problem. Through Operation
AmeriCorps, local leaders will identify a high priority local issue which
AmeriCorps resources can holistically address in a relatively short
period of time (no more than two years). All Public Housing Agencies, local
governments, or school districts are encouraged to
apply.
Please follow this link for the full grant announcement
http://www.grants.gov/web/grants/view-opportunity.html?oppId=269752 . For more information about federal grants please visit
http://www.grants.gov .
CONTACT
INFORMATION
WASHINGTON OFFICE
2227 Rayburn
House Office Building
Washington, D.C. 20515-3216
Phone: (202)
225-4361
Fax: (202) 225-6001
BRONX
OFFICE
1231 Lafayette Avenue, 4th Floor
The Bronx, NY
10474
Phone: (718) 620-0084
Fax: (718) 620-0658
Contact Jose Serrano by
E-mail:
CLICK HERE
Update My Profile
-
Unsubscribe
-
Privacy Policy
gateway mail
end 