
Huizenga Huddle: November 25, 2014
Share this email:
The Huizenga Huddle: Nov. 25, 2014
Welcome Back
It's been a while since the last Huddle, so I just wanted to take a moment to welcome everyone back.
If you have recently joined the Huizenga Huddle, welcome aboard!
With that said, here's the latest from Washington.
Subcommittee Chairmanship
I am excited to share with you that I have been selected to chair the
Financial Services Subcommittee on Monetary Policy and Trade . This subcommittee has jurisdiction over: the Federal Reserve as well as its Board of Governors, financial actions on interest rates (think home and auto loans), international trade, the Export-Import Bank and several other financial issues.
My goal is to conduct vigorous oversight of the Federal Reserve and ensure monetary policy is formulated in an open and transparent manner.
For more
details on the Subcommittee click here .
The President &amp; Immigration
President Obama has said time and again that he does not have the constitutional authority to act unilaterally on immigration; however that is now precisely the action he is taking.
The only way a permanent solution to our nations broken immigration system can be provided is through congressional action.
On Friday, I spoke with the Ludington Daily News about a potential congressional response to the President's executive action as well as where bipartisan immigration reforms can be implemented legislatively.
You can read the piece online
here .
National Adoption Day
West Michigan families have set the example for the rest of the nation by opening their hearts to children who are not only in need of a home, but a family.
This past Tuesday I spoke on the House floor to recognize November as National Adoption Month and thank the families across West Michigan and around the nation who are making the future brighter for children in need of a loving home.
You can
watch my floor speech by clicking on the picture
below.
ObamaCare Update
Like your least favorite cousin showing up for Thanksgiving Dinner, ObamaCare rate increases are once again making their presence felt.
In Michigan, the Lansing and Detroit metro areas are projected to be hit the hardest with several of the metro counties facing double digit increases.
Here in West Michigan,
rate increases range from 2.5% in Allegan to 9.3% in Kent, Muskegon, and Oceana . I encourage you to see how the latest government projections will impact your friends and family across Michigan.
Michigan Minute
West Coast Chamber recognized as
one of the top chambers in the nation
West Michigan
growth, manufacturing play leading role in Michigan's comeback
Michigan's John
Dingell receives Presidential Medal of Freedom
White Lake crosses major recovery threshold , delisted as toxic hotspot
West Michigan native
David Moore named Rhodes Scholar
Hope Volleyball brings home
first national title
Michigan State's women's cross country team
wins national championship
And follow me on:
Washington, DC Office
1217 Longworth HOB
Washington, D.C. 20515
T (202) 225-4401
F (202) 226-0779
Grand Haven Office
1 South Harbor Ave. Suite 6B,
Grand Haven, MI 49417
T (616) 414-5516
F (616) 570-0934
Grandville Office
4555 Wilson Ave. SW Suite 3,
Grandville, MI 49418
T (616) 570-0917
F (616) 570-0934
UPDATE SUBSCRIPTION OPTIONS
|
PRIVACY POLICY
|
CONTACT US
Click Here Click Here