
Miller Newsletter
November 9, 2014
Veterans Corner
Veterans Day Message
The America we know
the greatest Nation in the world
didnt come without great sacrifice. The long difficult road to where we are today was paved by our men and women in uniform. Their courage and selflessness are a source of pride for all Americans. And while Veterans Day is a special time to honor the many accomplishments of these heroes, it is by no means the only day our veterans deserve recognition. Please join me in taking time to reflect on the sacrifices of our veterans, to personally thank someone who has worn the uniform and to remember that Americas veterans have earned our gratitude and support each and every day of the year.
VAs Refusal to Fire VA Scandal Figure Sharon Helman
The VA continues to refuse to fire Phoenix VA Health Care System Director Sharon Helman
the central figure of the VA scandal.
This isn't complicated.
If VA has the evidence needed to fire Helman, which it says it does, it should fire her. Keeping Helman and other Phoenix executives on the payroll when the department wants to fire them is nothing more than a waste of taxpayer dollars. The Department of Justice has already said it doesnt mind if Helman is fired, so VAs excuses as to why taxpayers must continue to pay her nearly $170,000 a year for doing nothing are simply hot air. This is precisely the type of situation that makes the average citizen lose faith in their government and causes quality health care professionals to think twice when considering whether to work at VA. If VA wants to rebuild its reputation with veterans and the prospective health care employees it says it needs, then it should stop making excuses for the villains of the VA scandal and get serious about purging them from the payroll.
In the District
King Middle School Veterans Day Breakfast
Friday morning, I enjoyed visiting with the faculty, students and their families at Martin Luther King Middle School in Milton during its Veterans Day breakfast.
I also took the opportunity to recognize and present an Extension of Remarks that will be submitted into the Congressional Record to recognize the distinguished career of Martin Luther King Middles civics teacher and the school's Student Government Association Advisor, Ms. Deborah Dee Copeland, for her years of honoring local area veterans and teaching students the importance of our freedoms and not taking them for granted.
I appreciate Ms. Copeland and all teachers throughout Northwest Florida who inspire our Nation's youth and educate them on the contributions and sacrifice of our men and women in uniform, so that they too appreciate and value their service.
I wish Ms. Copeland well upon her retirement in February and thank Principal Darren Brock and Assistant Principal Margaret McCormick, along with the entire King Middle School faculty and student body, for reserving time to honor our Nation's warriors and inviting me to take part in their celebration.
Congressman with WWII Veteran Red James; Ms. Dee Copeland of King Middle School; and Ralph Nesenson, U.S. Navy (Ret.) and Manager of the Santa Rosa County Veterans Memorial (L-R)
Congressman Miller visiting with King Middle School students at the 2014 King Middle School Veterans Day Breakfast
Gulf Power True Heroes Clay Shoot
On Thursday, I participated in the Gulf Power Clay Shoot at the Santa Rosa Shooting Clay Center in Pace.
Hosting more than 130 shooters, the Clay Shoot benefits local organizations which provide support and assistance to active and retired servicemembers and their families, including Building Homes for Heroes and Gulf Coast Veterans in Need. The event was a success, and I appreciate everyone involved whose efforts help ensure that those who defend our country and those who have borne the battle receive the care and support that they deserve and have earned.
Congressman Miller presenting challenge coins to the Pace High School Navy JROTC Honor Guard (left); Congressman Miller speaking at the Heroes Clay Shoot opening ceremony
(right).
Combined Rotary of Pensacola Military Appreciation Luncheon
I was honored to speak at this year's Combined Rotary of Pensacolas Military Appreciation Luncheon.
The Rotarys motto of service before self parallels the path of the military and their families.
It is fitting the Combined Rotary of Pensacola took time, during Wounded Warrior and Military Family month, to honor our men and women in uniform.
We are blessed to have a such a strong military presence in Northwest Florida and men and women throughout the United States who selflessly dedicate their lives to defending our freedom, as well as noble organizations like the Rotary who support them.
Navy Color Guard Presenting Colors at Combined Rotary of Pensacola Military Appreciation Luncheon (left); Congressman Miller with Commanding Officer of Naval Education and Training Command, Rear Admiral Mike White (right).
Photos courtesy of Joy Samsel, Naval Education and Training Command Public Affairs.
League of Southeastern Credit Unions Governmental Affairs Luncheon
I was honored to speak at this years League of Southeastern Credit Unions (LSCU) Government Affairs Luncheon.
Our credit unions provide an invaluable service to our local and state economies.
With a democratic structure allowing all members to vote, despite the size of his/her account, credit unions allow small businesses to grow, help families save for college, and assist folks in their preparation for retirement.
More than 118,000 constituents of the First District of Florida utilize credit unions for these purposes, and I look forward to working with these great institutions to tackle future challenges in the 114th Congress.
I want to thank the LSCU for allowing me to take part in this great event, and I thank them for caring for each of their members with the hospitality and customer service that makes the Southeastern United States so unique.
Congressman Miller speaking at the 2014 League of Southeastern Credit Unions' Governmental Affairs Luncheon.
Courtesy of the League of Southeastern Credit Unions.
Washington Update
The Stop Ebola Act
Countries around the world, including many of those in Africa closest to the Ebola outbreak, have instituted travel bans to prevent individuals from Ebola-impacted areas from coming into their country and potentially transmitting the disease.
In the United States, the Administration has the authority to implement similar travel bans for non-U.S. citizens coming from or traveling through these Ebola ravaged nations.
Yet, despite repeated calls from both Members of Congress and the American people, the Administration still stubbornly refuses to implement the necessary security measures to help protect Americans from the threat of Ebola.
With the Administration unwilling to act to protect the safety of American citizens, I have joined my colleagues in the House in cosponsoring the
Stop Ebola Act , which will be introduced after Congress reconvenes.
This commonsense measure would institute a travel ban for any foreign national whose travel originated in, or passed through, any country that has been designated as widespread and intense transmission of Ebola under the Ebola response guidelines issued by the World Health Organization (WHO).
Furthermore, this bill would deny entry visas for foreign nationals that are citizens of any country designated by the WHO as a transmission zone.
If the President continues to refuse to act, the House will.
The American people expect their government to protect public health and safety from the threat of Ebola, and the
Stop Ebola Act
is a serious response to this serious threat.
Center for Security Policys Champion of National Security
I was named one of 16 members in the United States House of Representatives for the 113th Congress as a Champion of National Security by the Center for Security Policy (CSP).
The CSP evaluated 27 votes that gave insight into specific National Security positions, though sometimes unpopular, necessary to keep our military strong and protect our citizens at home and abroad.
The issues highlighted by CSP included the following: continuing to hold prisoners at Guantanamo Bay and prohibiting their release or transfer, funding Navy aircraft carriers, keeping our nuclear deterrence credible, not transferring away U.S. oversight of the Internet, and not arming rebel forces in Syria.
When it comes to National Security, it is about making the right decision to keep us safe and strong, not bending to political interest groups.
In the News
Syrian Rebels Fall to Al-Qaeda Affiliate
Back in September, I strongly opposed the legislative effort to proactively arm and train so-called moderate Syrian rebels as a counter to the regional threat of the Islamic State in Iraq and the Levant (ISIL) because I believed there was no feasible method by which we could appropriately vet the rebels in the time permitted, nor did I believe we could wholly ascertain their capabilities in such time. It appears our strong concerns have unfortunately come to pass as Al Qaedas Syrian affiliateJabhat al-Nusradefeated two U.S.-backed rebel groups in Syrias northern province.
As a result, many from the rebel groups have defected, and the Nusra Front has secured weapon stockpiles.
I will work closely with my colleagues to urge the Administration to once and for all establish a clear, feasible, and effective strategy to combat not just the ISIL threat, but also the threat posed to us by Al Qaedas affiliates worldwide.
Miller Media Clips
To read some recent press clips highlighting my work on behalf of Florida's First
Congressional District and our Nations veterans and servicemembers, click on the links below:
VA secretary claims criminal probes stall firing of disgraced execs
Jeff Miller to VA Secretary: Fire Sharon Helman
Emails show Veterans Affairs officials influenced report
Justice Department undercuts VA explanations on not firing executives
Chairman calls for firing of Phoenix VA medical director
VA challenges charge it influenced inspector generals Phoenix report
Emails show Veterans Affairs officials influenced report
E-mails: VA secretary sought changes in Phoenix report
As always, I welcome your comments. To share your thoughts on legislation, votes or issues, please visit http://jeffmiller.house.gov/ to send an e-mail or call any of my offices.
Thanks,
Jeff
Click Here
to view this email in your browser
Click Here
to be removed from this list