
PRESIDENTIAL ADDRESS: TONIGHT
Tonight, President Obama will announce executive action that is an important step toward fixing our broken immigration system. Meanwhile, Boehner and the Republicans are more committed than ever to obstructing his every move. Sign your name now and show that you&rsquo;re standing with President Obama:
Sign Your Name &gt;&gt;
Hi everybody.
My name is Ben Ray Luj&aacute;n. I&rsquo;m honored to be emailing you as the new Chairman of the Democratic Congressional Campaign Committee.
There&rsquo;s so much I want to say, but right now we don&rsquo;t have time for pleasantries.
Tonight, President Obama will announce executive action that is an important step toward fixing our broken immigration system.
Make no mistake: House Republicans had their chance to act on immigration reform. John Boehner had more than a year to take up the common-sense immigration bill passed by the Senate -- but he refused to take action.
It is shameful that the Republican House has repeatedly failed to act on immigration reform. And it&rsquo;s even worse that they&rsquo;re floating a government shutdown to stop progress.
Republicans in Congress simply won&rsquo;t act. That&rsquo;s why I fully support President Obama doing everything he can with his lawful authority as President to fix our broken immigration system. Click here to sign your name in support of President Obama&rsquo;s executive action on immigration reform &gt;&gt;
This issue is deeply personal to me. In my home state of New Mexico, I have had a chance to hear from DREAMers -- kids who are hoping to go to college or serve their country. They represent the promise of this country. They have worked hard with the goal of building a better life for themselves, their families, and their communities.
As Chairman of the Democratic Congressional Campaign Committee, this American promise is something I will fight to protect with all my heart. If you agree, sign your name today: http://action.dccc.org/stand-with-obama-on-immigration-reform
Thanks for reading. Looking forward to working with you!
Ben Ray Luj&aacute;n
DCCC Chairman
Paid for by the Democratic Congressional Campaign Committee | 430 South Capitol Street SE, Washington, DC 20003 |
(202) 863-1500
| www.dccc.org | Not authorized by any candidate or candidate's committee.
This message was sent to:
dj724530@gmail.com
| If you'd like to sign up for emails in a different account, click
here .
We believe that emails are a crucial way for our campaign to stay in touch with supporters. If you'd just like to receive fewer emails, you can click
here . If you'd like to unsubscribe from DCCC emails, click
here . Thanks for your support of Democrats!
