
If you are having trouble viewing this E-newsletter,
click here . To unsubscribe from these mailings,
click here .
November 24, 2014
To instantly unsubscribe from these mailings, please click here .
I want to hear from you!
Share your thoughts:
*250 character limit. By clicking submit you are agreeing to receive my email updates.
Having trouble viewing this email? Click here .
Dear Friends,
I am writing to highlight some things in Congress and our community that I hope you will find helpful.
1.
Department of Agriculture Thanksgiving Food Safety Tips
2.
Healthcare Open Enrollment Period
3.
Trans-Pacific Partnership
4.
Connecticut Events and Announcements
Department of Agriculture Thanksgiving Food Safety Tips
With Thanksgiving right around the corner, please check out the following Department of Agricultural food safety tips for preparing, cooking, and storing your turkey. For more information, please visit
www.foodsafety.gov
Click to view in full size.
Healthcare Enrollment Period Open Now
Congresswoman DeLauro stands with New Haven Mayor Toni Harp and Access Health CT&rsquo;s (AHCT) Chief Marketing Officer Jason Madrak to kick off AHCT&rsquo;s second year and discuss the benefits of the Affordable Care Act.
The open enrollment period in the health insurance marketplaces for coverage starting in 2015 is officially open and will end on February 15, 2015. Connecticut&rsquo;s marketplace, Access Health CT, is designed to meet the health insurance needs of individuals and small businesses. It&rsquo;s the one place where you&rsquo;ll be able to:
Save on your premiums if you qualify for federal discounts;
Find out if you qualify for Medicaid or other CT health insurance programs;
Compare health insurance plans, which must all meet State and Federal requirements for quality and benefit levels;
Enroll in a plan knowing you can&rsquo;t be denied because of a health condition.
For a list of available plans, please visit
www.accesshealthct.com
or call 855-805-4325.
Trans-Pacific Partnership
Recently, President Obama travelled overseas to participate in the Asian Pacific Economic Conference (APEC) and again failed to complete or sign a Trans-Pacific Partnership (TPP) trade agreement. There are still significant, unresolved issues that need to be addressed. The President needs to recognize that the free trade model is broken and the TPP is the wrong direction for American families.
For too long, our free trade policies have allowed corporations to ship good American jobs overseas, while suppressing wages, benefits, and workplace protections. For the millions of displaced workers, quality of life has declined as a result. That is why we must fight to oppose &ldquo;Fast Track&rdquo; trade negotiating authority that empowers corporate influencers, and make sure that the American people have a say in our trade negotiations. Our trade policy should create good paying jobs, strengthen the middle class, and provide for greater economic opportunity here at home.
Connecticut Events and Announcements
Seacrest and HighVue Veterans Update
Last month after urging Veterans Affairs Secretary Robert McDonald to act, I was pleased that he agreed to use his authority and grant another one year extension of benefits for 10 Connecticut veterans who were notified by the VA Connecticut Healthcare System that, due to a VA error, care in their homes had been erroneously covered and would be removed. This extension will allow the veterans to remain in their homes while receiving the benefits they were promised.
Ready to Work Roundtable
Congresswoman DeLauro speaks at the Workforce Alliance Roundtable in New Haven to announce a $5.5 million grant to train and build our state&rsquo;s workforce.
It was an honor to be joined by Senator Blumenthal and Senator Murphy at the Workforce Alliance Roundtable in New Haven to announce a $5.5 million Department of Labor Employment and Training Administration grant to train and build our state&rsquo;s workforce. The grant will help 567 long-term unemployed Connecticut residents gain the skills they need to reenter the workforce.
Hospital Preparedness
Congresswoman DeLauro meets with representatives of Connecticut&rsquo;s hospitals to discuss infectious disease preparedness.
In light of the Ebola outbreak, I met with representatives of Connecticut&rsquo;s hospitals to discuss infectious disease preparedness. We had a productive conversation about the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention&rsquo;s updated guidance on Personal Protective Equipment, and what hospitals need from Congress to properly respond to&mdash;and be prepared for&mdash;infectious diseases.
Keep in Touch
Follow me on
Facebook ,
Twitter , and
YouTube
to find out more about what is happening in Congress and at home in Connecticut.
Sincerely,
Rosa DeLauro
Bill Search
|
Constituent Services
Washington, DC
2413 Rayburn HOB
Washington, D.C. 20515
Phone: (202) 225-3661
District Office
59 Elm St.
New Haven, CT, 06510
Phone: (203) 562-3718
Click Here
to be removed from this list
