
We have some REALLY exciting news to share: Senate Democrats have appointed Senator Elizabeth Warren of Massachusetts to join
Friend -- We have some REALLY exciting news to share:
1)
Senate Democrats have appointed Senator Elizabeth Warren of Massachusetts to join the Democratic leadership!
This demonstrates Democrats&rsquo; commitment to the issues that matter to working Americans -- good jobs, fair wages, fairness, and accountability from banks and other big corporations.
We are so, so thrilled to welcome Senator Warren to the party&rsquo;s leadership!
Add your name to welcome Senator Elizabeth Warren to the Democratic leadership!
2) Senator Jon Tester of Montana is taking the helm of the DSCC and will be in charge of getting back the Senate majority in 2016!
Senator Tester knows how to win tough elections -- he won his own last two elections against challenging odds. Under his leadership the DSCC will recruit and run strong candidates and winning campaigns that prioritize working families.
Add your name to welcome Senator Jon Tester to the DSCC!
These leadership moves are the first steps toward our goal for the next two years: Pushing Democratic policies, fighting back against the Republicans&rsquo; extremist agenda, and setting the stage to take back the Senate in 2016!
Sign on: Welcome Senators Warren and Tester to the Democratic leadership!
We&rsquo;re so glad you&rsquo;re with us as we start down the road to retaking the Senate.
Thanks,
Team DSCC
P.S. How can you make your welcome to Senators Tester and Warren even more impactful?
Contribute today to help us elect more Democratic senators! &gt;&gt;
Democratic Senatorial Campaign Committee
P.O. Box 96047
Washington, DC 20090
Paid for by the Democratic Senatorial Campaign Committee, dscc.org,
and not authorized by any candidate or candidate&#39;s committee.
The DSCC is the only organization solely dedicated to supporting Democrats in the U.S. Senate. This message was sent to dj724530@gmail.com because you are a part of the DSCC&rsquo;s grassroots network. Please add us to your address book or approved senders list to make sure you keep receiving DSCC updates.
Emails are a critical way for us to stay in touch with our grassroots supporters. 99% of the DSCC&rsquo;s contributions come from grassroots donors giving less than $200. We also strive to keep you updated on issues related to the Democratic Party&rsquo;s values.
If you&rsquo;d like to stop receiving emails related to this campaign, please
click here .
If you&#39;d like to make a contribution to support us, please
click here . We are already beginning to prepare for the fight ahead &ndash; reclaiming the majority in 2016. It will take every single grassroots supporter, but we know it&rsquo;s possible with your help. If you&rsquo;d like to stop receiving all emails from the DSCC, please
unsubscribe . We greatly appreciate your continued support.
Contributions or gifts to the DSCC are not tax deductible.
