
Having trouble reading this email?
Click here
to view in your browser.
President Obama Should Work With New Congress on Immigration Reform
Sometime in the coming weeksperhaps as early as this weekPresident Obama has indicated he plans to issue executive orders on immigration reform. According to media reports, his plan could allow millions of illegal immigrants to stay in the country, among other things.
If President Obama moves forward with this executive action, it begs the question: is the president doing what he believes is best for the American people, or is he more concerned with his political reputation and legacy? Even some Senate Democratslike Sen. Tom Carper, chairman of the Homeland Security Committeehave said they believe the president should pursue immigration reform in a bipartisan way with the new Congress. But perhaps the best example of why he shouldnt move forward is something the president said himself when he told Telemundo, discussing his Deferred Action for Childhood Arrivals, If we start broadening that, then essentially Ill be ignoring the law in a way that I think would be very difficult to defend legally.
With an executive order, President Obama will essentially announce that he does not believe our countrys laws need to be enforced if he doesnt agree with them. This goes beyond whether we agree or disagree on policy and goes to the heart of the Constitution. It is the Legislative Branch
Congress
that makes the laws; and the duty of the president to sign and enforce them. When a president disagrees with a law, he or she has the ability
and the Bully Pulpit
to argue in favor of changing it. In addition to contacting their representatives in Congress, the American public gets to weigh in on whether they favor the agendas that have been laid out each election. It seems to me the American people spoke pretty loudly on Election Day.
As Ive said before, I do not support amnesty. We should not reward anyone that breaks our laws with citizenship. But we canand shouldtake steps to simplify the immigration process for highly-skilled individuals and agricultural workers to legally reside in or become citizens of this country. We can benefit from the ideas and the energy that these aspiring Americans bring. But we must not give those who break our laws a free pass.
Many of President Obamas allies point to President Reagans amnesty in 1987 as a reason Republicans should get behind the presidents plan, but I disagree. President Reagan did not bypass Congress on reform. He worked with Congress to overhaul the immigration system the previous year and used his executive power to protect children that were not covered under the reform law. Still, shouldnt the fact that we are in a similar position less than 30 years later prove what we did in the 80s didnt work?
Right now we have an opportunity to make changes to our immigration system to help future generations. Rather than repeating past mistakes and kicking the can down the road, we need to implement real reform. I strongly believe that any immigration overhaul must begin with truly securing the border. After we are sure no one can enter this country illegally, then we can begin the discussion about dealing with those who are already here and look at ways to make legal immigration more attainable.
We are a country of immigrants, and were fortunate to live in the best country in the world. Its important we dont turn our back to those individuals that long to come to this great country, but its also important we uphold our laws. We can agree the current laws arent working - especially when it is clear our border is not secure - and its time we work together to make changes. But thats not what President Obama is suggesting. His plan would completely bypass Congress and poison the well for real, meaningful reform. A temporary Band-Aid didnt work for the Reagan administration and it wont work for this one. To repeat past mistakes would be foolish, and will only leave Congressional leaders 30 years from now asking the same questions we are today.
I realize working with Congress isnt President Obama's preference, but its the right path. We need leadership in this country and we desperately need to start working together for the American people. I hope the president will reconsider this misguided approach and roll up his sleeves to work with Congress. As always, I stand ready and willing to work with President Obama to secure our borders and eliminate ineffective government bureaucracy.
Feel free to contact my office if we can be of assistance to you or your family. Our contact information can be found on our website,
www.roe.house.gov .
CONNECT WITH US
E-News Sign-up
Forward to a Friend
Contact Phil
Washington, DC Office
407 Cannon House Office Bldg
Washington, DC 20515
Phone: (202) 225-6356
Fax: (202) 225-5714
Kingsport Office
PO Box 1728
Kingsport, TN 37662
Phone: (423) 247-8161
Fax: (423) 247-0119
Morristown Office
1609 College Park Drive, Suite 4
Morristown, TN 37813
Phone: (423) 254-1400
Fax: (423) 254-1403
Click Here Click Here