 Mail
begin
If you are having trouble viewing
this message or would like to share it on a social network, you can
view the message
online .
December 02, 2014
Dear Friends,
In case you missed it, I recently sat down with Scott Morris at
the Northeast Mississippi Daily Journal, and I wanted to pass along
the article.
Nunnelees keep blessings in
mind
Posted on November 26, 2014 by M. Scott
Morris in News, Politics
By M. Scott Morris
Daily Journal
U.S. Rep. Alan Nunnelee said one word can make a big
difference.
The Apostle Paul writes, In
all things give thanks, the Republican from Tupelo said. I am so
glad he didnt write, For all things give thanks, because I certainly
couldnt be thankful for a stroke.
Its been a rough year for the 56-year-old Nunnelee and his
family. He was in Washington, D.C., in May, when he was rushed to the
hospital with suspected heart problems. His daughter met him at the
hospital.
She said, Mom, I think
theyre going to discharge him because his heart was fine, said
Nunnelees wife, Tori, a trained nurse who was volunteering with the Red
Cross to help tornado victims in Tupelo.
When she talked to her husband on the phone, she noticed a
slight slur in his voice that the doctors didnt
notice.
Instead of sending him home, they did a CT scan
in his brain and found the mass, she said. I knew on the phone
something was not right. I didnt know what it
was.
Nunnelee said the diagnosis wasnt easy to
take.
It was traumatic to hear them
tell me I had a mass the size of a golf ball in my brain, he
said.
Counting
blessings
With his wifes help, Nunnelee
started counting his blessings. It was a life strategy hed embraced
after going blind as a student at Mississippi State
University.
His first impulse in those days had
been to focus on what he couldnt do
You cant hit a Major League
curve ball if you cant see it, he said
but he soon realized the
better approach was to concentrate on what he could
accomplish.
He recovered his sight thanks to cornea
implants. He also remembered the benefits of a positive mental attitude,
even if he had to be reminded by his wife after the mass was
diagnosed.
Shed say, Tell me what
youre thankful for. Every day, he said. She didnt bother me, but
there were days I did not think I had the energy to answer, but she kept
saying, Tell me what youre thankful
for.
The blessings filled up poster boards that hang in
Washington and Northeast Mississippi, but there was more trouble to
come.
During brain surgery to remove
the mass, Nunnelees blood pressure dropped and he had a
stroke.
When I woke up from the surgery, I
couldnt speak at all, he said. I couldnt move my left arm, my left
leg or anything on my left side, so I was very
frightened.
He clearly recalls those scary days when
he couldnt communicate, and his progress from there was slow at
first.
She continued the thank-you
boards, Nunnelee said. It helped me see how blessed I am and I
didnt focus on the consequences of the
stroke.
The decision was made early to let his constituents know
about his health issues. Tori Nunnelee said that brought unexpected
benefits.
It was the best thing
to do, she said. If he hadnt let people know, they wouldnt have
called or texted or emailed saying, We will pray for you. I cant
tell you the amount of mail we get from people saying, Im praying for
you, and its bipartisan. Its not partisan at
all.
Nunnelee underwent radiation and chemotherapy,
as well as physical therapy. U.S. Rep. Gene Green, a Democratic
colleague, made regular visits when Nunnelee was in a Houston, Texas,
hospital.
People think Washington is
a hellhole, Tori Nunnelee said, but there are good people there. We
got texts and emails from members of Congress and their families, who
sent their favorite Bible verses.
Nunnelee has concluded his cancer treatment, and his doctors said
it was successful.
His recovery
from the stroke continues, but there have been humorous moments, like
the time his children attended a therapy
session.
They were watching me relearn how to walk, and I
said, Hey, guys, I taught you how to do this, he
said.
Not
alone
One thing abundantly clear is Nunnelee isnt
alone with his problems. He heard from friends whod had spinal cord
injuries, and he knows there are people hes never met who face similar
challenges.
In Mississippi, we
have people whove had strokes. There are those who are involved in
accidents that have brain injuries. There are soldiers coming home.
Theyre asking, What is my future? How could I go on? What will I do?
he said. And their families are going through it with
them.
The doctors told Nunnelee that itd take
about a year to recover from his
stroke.
Ive been blessed to have good treatment at North
Mississippi Medical Centers stroke rehab, he said. Your life can return.
You may never be exactly as you were before the stroke, but theres
still a lot left you can do.
Nunnelee has embraced physical therapy, which involves three visits a week
and plenty of homework. Hes walking again, though its far from a
smooth gait, and it takes conscious effort to speak. Hes also no longer
able to write with his left hand.
He has to write with his right hand
its still illegible, Tori
Nunnelee said, getting a smile from her
husband.
Staying in
touch
Throughout this summer and fall filled with
personal challenges, Nunnelee has kept in touch with congressional business
through phone calls and regular updates from his staff. He was
re-elected to a third two-year term in Congress on Nov.
4.
He returned to Washington a couple of weeks ago,
and his fellow Republicans gave him a standing ovation and played the
fight song of his beloved Mississippi State
University.
During another meeting, he was asked to lead
a prayer.
I talked about what
I learned about being in the hospital, and talked about learning to
focus on blessings, he said. The members came to hug me and said,
Alan, were so glad to have you back. God brought you back because we
needed to hear what you had to say.
Nunnelee certainly has something to say on this Thanksgiving Day.
Easy things became hard, and priorities shifted overnight for him and
his family. Hes not thankful for the stroke, but hes found the good
that surrounds it.
In the
middle of tragedy, he said, if you can have an attitude of gratitude,
you get through the bad times.
We have blessings upon blessings upon blessings, his wife added.
There arent enough poster boards to hold all the blessings we
have.
Stay in touch and God
bless,
Unsubscribe
|
Update My Profile
|
Privacy Policy
