
If you are having trouble viewing this message or would like to share
it on a social network, you can
view the message online .
Website
About David
Contact
Serving
You
Media
Center
Legislative Work
District
November 21, 2014
President Obama Isnt
Listening
Earlier this month the American people
roundly rejected President Obamas policies by electing a Republican
Senate and larger majority in the House .
They sent a
message that the President must work with Congress. Last night,
the President made an announcement that he will act alone on
immigration , proving that he is not listening to the American
people.
President Obamas plan to give executive amnesty to
millions is nothing more than a divisive, political calculation that will
poison the well for his ability to work with the new Congress that will
be sworn in just six weeks from now.
Policies should be changed through the legislative
process, not with an edict from the President . President Obamas
action shows a blatant disregard for the will of the people, and disrespect
for the Constitutional limits of his office.
This plan
shows the President is more concerned with dividing the American people
for political gain than he is about listening and working in good faith
to get something done. His executive amnesty plan is wrong for
America and we will continue to push back against
it.
Expanding Role on Energy and
Commerce
This week Chairman Fred Upton announced that I will continue
my work on the powerful Energy and Commerce Committee for the next
two years. I will maintain my position on the Energy and Power
Subcommittee and the Environment and the Economy Subcommittee, and have been
named
Vice Chair of the Subcommittee on Oversight and
Investigations .
The issues we work on in the Energy and
Commerce Committee are crucial for the future of West Virginia.
Whether its standing up for coal and natural gas jobs or providing relief
from Obamacare, we have worked to provide opportunity to work on
behalf of the people of the First District.
Its been an honor to serve for the last four years, and Im excited to
expand my role on the Committee
and hold the Obama Administration
accountable with aggressive oversight. When the Obama Administration
does something that hurts West Virginia and our country, we will stand
up to them.
The Oversight and Investigations Subcommittee
has broad responsibility for oversight of agencies and departments,
including the EPA, Department of Energy, Health and Human Services, and
the Federal Communications Commission.
The
Energy and Commerce Committee is responsible for a wide range of
issues including energy, manufacturing, healthcare, internet and
telecommunications . It is the oldest standing legislative committee in the
U.S. House of
Representatives.
Promoting American Manufacturing
In West
Virginia we are well aware just how much our manufacturing base has
declined in the past decades due to excessive regulations and unfair trade.
We now have an opportunity to turn this decline around and create a
renaissance in American manufacturing. That is why
the
House passed the
Promoting New Manufacturing Act
(H.R.
4795), which will provide stricter timelines for clean air permitting for
new manufacturing facilities and increase
transparency .
The abundant resources in our region can provide the affordable energy
needed to attract manufacturers, but uncertainty created by
regulations is holding that growth back
This bill, of
which I am a cosponsor, would help projects like
the
proposed ethane cracker in Wood County
move forward by removing some
of the uncertainty and providing a clear pathway for permitting. This
would help create thousands of jobs in West Virginia and billions and
investment.
Holding the EPA
Accountable
This week the House took action to
require the EPA to be more transparent and balanced in the science
used to formulate regulations. The House passed two bills to
reform the EPAs Science Advisory Board
and
to require the agency to publicly release the science behind its
regulation.
For too long the EPA has
been allowed to formulate regulations that affect the lives of millions
of Americans behind closed doors . These are common sense steps to
increase transparency and accountability at the EPA.
Opening
up the regulatory process and allowing the public to see the science
behind the EPAs decisions will ensure a more vigorous debate over
regulations that have a significant impact on our
economy.
Honoring our
Educators
Two teachers were honored this week in the First Congressional
District, Betty Lou Merritt of Doddridge County and Sandra Hinerman of
Wetzel County.
Last Saturday I traveled to Doddridge County to
honor Betty Lou Merritt, who was named
Citizen of
the Year for Doddridge County . Merritt has spent the last 36 years
teaching in Doddridge County, influencing and teachers generations of
students.
Sandra Hinerman was named
the
2014 Wetzel County Teacher of the Year
this
week. This designation was given to Hinerman by the Wetzel County Board
of Education. Hinerman is a math teacher at Magnolia High School, and
has taught for 27 years. The Board of Education noted that Hinerman
has touched the many lives of her numerous students, establishing a
special connection with them in the classroom.
She was also one
of the main reasons why Wetzel County Schools partnered with West
Virginia University to offer a college engineering class at Magnolia
High. As a major advocate for STEM education in our public schools, I know
that the value of a college level engineering course in high school
is extremely important for our next
generation.
Constituent Meetings
This
week, I met a number of constituent groups, including representatives
from Cochlear America:
If you are
ever in the Washington D.C. office please drop in and say hello. If you
want an appointment just give my office a call at 202-225-4172, or
submit a request on my website at
www.mckinley.house.gov .
What do you think? Do you support the President's recent
immigration action? Yes No Other/Don't Know *By answering
this survey, you are subscribing to my newsletter. If you are
having trouble, click here. Share on
Facebook Share on LinkedIn Share on Twitter Survey Results Do you
support the construction of the Keystone Pipeline? Answer Total Yes 76.08% No 19.78% Other/Don't Know
4.15%
Washington, DC
412 Cannon HOB |
Washington, DC 20515
Phone:
(202) 225-4172 |
Fax: (202)
225-7564
Morgantown
709 Beechurst Ave.
Suite
14B
Morgantown, WV 26505
Phone: 304.284.8506
Wheeling
Horne Building
1100 Main Street, Suite 101
Wheeling, WV
26003
Phone: (304) 232-3801
Fax: 304-232-3813
Parkersburg
Federal Building
425 Juliana Street
Suite 1004
Parkersburg, WV 26101
Phone: (304) 422-5972
Unsubscribe
|
Update My Profile
|
Privacy Policy
