
Wednesday November 13, 2014
WEBSITE
|
SUBSCRIBE
|
FORWARD TO A FRIEND
| SHARE ON:
Friend,
Social Security is an American success story that has lifted millions of senior citizens out of poverty and provided financial security for widowed and divorced spouses, children, and persons with disabilities.
In Pennsylvania alone, 1.8 million seniors receive Social Security.
Since 1975, Social Security benefits have been automatically adjusted each year to reflect Cost-of-Living increases and to maintain purchasing power, therefore keeping thousands of seniors from failing into poverty as they age.
Late last month, the Social Security Administration announced that starting in January of 2015, Social Securitys automatic Cost-Of-Living Adjustment (COLA), designed to help meet increasing consumer prices, will increase benefit payments to Social Security recipients by 1.7 percent.
COLAs are based on the Consumer Price Index for Urban Wage Earners and Clerical Workers (CPI-W), which is a measure of inflation calculated by the Bureau of Labor Statistics (BLS).
The COLA affects benefits for more than one-fifth of the country, including millions of disabled veterans, federal retirees, and people who get Supplemental Security Income, the disability program for the poor.
As your representative, I have been working consistently to keep Social Security strong, which is why I am an original co-sponsor of H.R. 3118, the Strengthening Social Security Act. H.R. 3118 would amend the Social Security Act to provide a more generous monthly Social Security benefit.
It would finally remove the wage cap on payroll taxes so that wealthier Americans would contribute to Social Security at the same rate as middle class earners.
This legislation also extends the solvency of Social Security through 2049, allowing seniors and future retirees a more stable, dependable retirement.
I will always fight to ensure that those who earned the benefits of Social Security and Medicare do not see any reduction in their benefits.
Sincerely,
NOTE: Please DO NOT respond to this email as this inbox is unattended. To contact my office please
click here
UNSUBSCRIBE
|
PRIVACY POLICY
|
CONTACT US
Click Here Click Here