
If you are having trouble viewing this message or would like to share
it on a social network, you can
view the message online .
HOME
CONTACT US
CONSTITUENT SERVICES
ISSUES AND
LEGISLATION
November 09, 2014
Time
To Get Solutions to the Presidents Desk :
On
Tuesday, I was honored to be reelected to represent the Second
Congressional District of Kansas in the upcoming 114th Congress. This year,
Kansans sent a clear message to Washington that they are tired of the
political games and gridlock in Washington. With new Senate leadership,
I am confident they will join the House in our efforts to get things
done and get our country back on the right track.
I also
hope this new sessionwill present an opportunity to finally convince the
President he must work with Congress to reduce the deficit, fix our
broken tax code, and bring fiscal responsibility back to our budget. I
will continue my work to foster solutions that lead to better jobs and
get our economy healthy again. But most importantly, my priority is to
ensure Eastern Kansans voices are heard each and every day in
Washington.
United States Marine Returns
Home
I heard from a great number of Kansans when news broke
that US Marine sergeant Andrew Tahmooressi was being detained in El
Hongo II prison in Tecate, Mexico on dubious gun charges. After learning
about the situation and the reports of alleged abuse and poor prison
conditions, I
cosponsored legislation
that
called for his immediate release and return to the United
States.
I am happy to report that as of this week, Marine sergeant
Tahmooressi has returned home to his family and can now receive the medical
treatment he needs. After serving to protect our freedoms, and on the
eve of Veteran's Day next week, I am overjoyed to see him free and back
in the United States.
Honoring Kansas Veterans
Photo Submissions :
To honor all our men
and women in uniform, I am collecting photos of Kansas veterans. Send
a photo of your hero to my office at
JenkinsPressOffice@mail.house.gov
or use the hashtag
#HonoringKansasVeterans . Please include their name, branch, where they
served, and any additional details so we may honor them on Veteran's
Day, November 11.
The above photo submitted to my
office is of Margaret (Copeland) Crane, who served in the Army from
1944-1946 as a nurse at military hospitals in Kansas and Colorado. She is
the oldest woman to participate in this years Baxter Springs Veterans
Day parade, and will celebrate her 91st birthday this December.
Thank you for your service to this great
nation.
Supreme Court Agrees to Hear Health Law
Challenge:
The
Supreme Court announced
they will
hear a new challenge to the legality of the Presidents health care
law subsidies. I am hopeful the Supreme Court will uphold a prior
appellate court finding that the federal government has acted illegally and
outside the language passed in the Affordable Care Act in 2009.
This court case is evidence that the Presidents health care law was
poorly written, and was rushed through Congress without the kind of
thoughtful deliberation a reform of this magnitude
deserves.
Coming Up: Mental Health First Aid For
Veterans :
On Saturday, November 22nd, I will be sponsoring a
Mental Health First Aid Training Course in at the University of Kansas
Burge Union for veterans, their family members, and those who work with
veterans.
This training is a valuable resource that can
make a difference in the lives of more than 22 million veterans, their
families, and the communities they live in. Our veterans deserve the
highest quality of care upon their return home, and I am absolutely
committed to making sure that their mental health is a priority. The
Mental Health First Aid training is designed to give people skills to help
a veteran who may be suffering from mental illness or in emotional
crisis.
Share on Facebook
Please Feel Free to
Tell a Friend
E-mail:
E-mail:
E-mail:
Share on
Twitter
Washington, DC Office
1027 Longworth HOB
Washington, D.C. 20515
Phone: (202) 225-6601
Fax: (202)
225-7986
Pittsburg Office
1001 N. Broadway Street #C
Pittsburg, KS 66762
Phone: (620)
231-LYNN (5966)
Fax: (620)
231-5972
Topeka Office
3550 SW 5th Street
Topeka, KS 66606
Phone: (785)
234-LYNN (5966)
Fax: (785) 234-5967
Independence Office
120 N. 6th
Street
Independence, KS 67301
Phone: (620) 231-LYNN (5966)
Fax: (620) 231-5972
Unsubscribe
|
Update My
Profile
|
Privacy Policy
gateway mail end
