
Tuesday November 11, 2014
WEBSITE
|
FORWARD TO A FRIEND
| SHARE ON:
Dear Friend,
Veterans Day provides us with an opportunity to remember and acknowledge the sacrifice of the men and women who have served, past or present, their country in the Armed Forces of the United States.
It is a day set-aside for reflection, commemoration, honor, and celebration for those who have guarded the freedoms enjoyed by Americans and many people around the World. Not least of all, it is a day to re-affirm our commitment to set aside time to understand and connect with Veterans of all ages.
This year, Veterans Day will carry special significance as America and our nations future veterans continue to put themselves in harms way and embody the value of selfless service.
Formally known as Armistice Day, Veterans Day began as a tribute to those Americans who died in the course of their service in World War I.
And, while the name and purpose of the holiday has changed over the years, the sentiment has not changed.
Veterans Day is a day of recognition and honor for the servicemen and servicewomen who have given of their lives to defend the United States and her ideals.
Our nation is graced with many treasures.
This Veterans Day, we must thank those who have safeguarded those treasures.
We should all take a moment to reflect on the many gifts of freedom we enjoy because of our uniformed men and women throughout the World - past and present.
There are no words that can adequately describe their personal courage and sacrifices. They readily volunteered to protect the freedoms and democracy that we so often have taken for granted.
This is why we take the eleventh day of the eleventh month of each year to observe those sacrifices.
It is a solemn tradition and a moral obligation that our nation pause to honor yesterdays service members, and todays Soldiers, Sailors, Airmen, and Marines.
It is up to us, the beneficiaries of their service, to commemorate their self-less deeds.
Having served in Congress for 20 years, this is my final term. I have had the opportunity to meet countless veterans over the years, hearing stories of personal courage, integrity, and desires to serve our great nation. The passion exhibited by our uniformed services members is hard to equal. I want to personally thank our Iowa veterans that have continued to allow me to represent them for the past 20 years and I hope that they continue to express their concerns to their next member of Congress.
God bless our Soldiers, Sailors, Airmen, and Marines both past and present.
Best Wishes,
Click Here Click Here