
Veterans Day | November 11, 2014
Click here
if you have trouble viewing this email
Sharing local veteran's stories
One of the greatest honors I have as a Member of Congress is meeting with veterans throughout this region and hearing their stories. These acts of heroism
both big and small
should be remembered, which
is why for the second year in a row I am highlighting stories from Southwest Washington veterans on my website.
I encourage you to take a few minutes to read their accounts and memories, now posted at JHB.house.gov.
Fixing the broken VA
As we thank our veterans this week for their service, we must remember that gratitude alone is not enough for the sacrifices they have made. It is no secret that the VA has failed to live up to its promise of providing quality, accessible care to our returning heroes.
Congress took a good first step in reforming the VA by passing the Veterans Access, Choice, and Accountability Act. I supported this bipartisan legislation to hold VA managers accountable for the agencys performance as well as take quick action to shorten the wait time for VA appointments.
This week the VA is sending out Choice Cards to veterans who live farther than 40 miles from a VA facility. Early next month the VA is scheduled to send Choice Cards to veterans who face a 30 day wait time for an appointment. These cards will allow certain veterans who have met this criteria to obtain care outside of the VA system.
Click here for more information about Choice Cards.
If you need assistance with issues relating to the VA, my office is here to help.
Call us at (360) 695-6292.
Providing care to veterans in rural areas
Even as Congress works to mend the broken VA system, there are still many veterans who struggle to find care due to the distance they must travel to the nearest VA facility. This is particularly true in our region, where many rural veterans have to travel more than 100 miles round trip to the nearest VA medical facility.
After more than two years of working with the VA, the agency is now sending its mobile medical unit to address the healthcare needs of veterans in Southwest Washington. Before I got involved, the mobile medical unit was sitting unused in American Lake for up to 25 days each month. Now, this taxpayer-funded resource is being better used to remove barriers between veterans and the care they earned.
Read more about the VA mobile medical unit's first visit to Pacific County
here.
TOP NEWS
COLUMBIAN:
Veterans Day keynote speaker was Army Medical Corps officer
READ MORE HERE
CHRONICLE:
Congresswoman Takes On Decision Finding Toledo, Winlock, Vader and Pe Ell Too Affluent for Grants
READ MORE HERE
LONGVIEW DAILY NEWS:
Study: Seals, sea lions eating more Columbia River salmon than previously thought
READ MORE HERE
Working to make sure no veteran is left behind
Every member of the military puts their lives on the line to protect their country and make sure that no fellow serviceman or woman is left behind. It is our job to make sure that their courage and dedication to our country is not forgotten when they return home.
Earlier this year my office had the privilege of assisting Specialist Michael Schult of Carrolls receive the recognition that he deserved from his service in Afghanistan.
While Mr. Schult was conducting a route clearance in Afghanistan back in 2011, his vehicle hit an IED, severely injuring his back and head. Despite the traumatic brain injury caused by the blast, Mr. Shult never received the Purple Heart award he had earned for his sacrifice. After we contacted Army officials to right this wrong, Mr. Schult finally received the award three years after he had earned it.
In 2014 alone, my office assisted with more than 200 cases for active and retired members of the military.
If you need assistance with the VA or any other government agency please contact my office at 360-695-6292 or visit my website at
JHB.House.Gov
Forward to a Friend
|
Share on Facebook
|
Share on Twitter
|
Permalink
Washington, DC Office
1130 Longworth HOB
Washington, DC 20515
Phone: (202) 225-3536
Fax: (202) 225-3478
Vancouver Office
O.O. Howard House (Officers' Row)
750 Anderson Street, Suite B
Vancouver, WA 98661
Phone: (360) 695-6292
Fax: (360) 695-6197
UPDATE SUBSCRIPTION OPTIONS
|
PRIVACY POLICY
|
CONTACT US
Click Here Click Here