
David --
It&rsquo;s been an exciting day!
Earlier today, I had the privilege of being re-elected as House Democratic Leader. I&rsquo;m so honored by the support of my colleagues and our grassroots.
And I also have some big news to announce:
Congressman Ben Ray Luj&aacute;n will lead our campaign to elect House Democrats in the 2016 election. I know that Congressman Luj&aacute;n has the fresh voice and grassroots perspective we need to deliver Democratic wins in difficult races.
And just as importantly, I know he will be a tireless champion for the middle-class and for all those working to get there.
Since his election in 2008, Congressman Luj&aacute;n has distinguished himself as a bold progressive leader. He&rsquo;s worked tirelessly to expand access to quality health care, reform Wall Street, combat climate change, fix our broken immigration system, and expand college affordability.
You can count on Congressman Luj&aacute;n to hold the House Republicans accountable for their reckless agenda -- and stand strong for the values we share. Will you sign my note welcoming Congressman Luj&aacute;n as DCCC Chairman?
Thanks for all you do!
Nancy
P.S. One more reason I&rsquo;m so excited today&hellip; Congressman Luj&aacute;n has a deep passion for grassroots organizing. I know he&rsquo;ll be a perfect fit with the amazing work so many of you are doing in your communities.
Please take a second to sign my note welcoming Congressman Luj&aacute;n as DCCC Chairman.
Paid for by the Democratic Congressional Campaign Committee | 430 South Capitol Street SE, Washington, DC 20003 |
(202) 863-1500
| www.dccc.org | Not authorized by any candidate or candidate's committee.
This message was sent to:
dj724530@gmail.com
| If you'd like to sign up for emails in a different account, click
here .
We believe that emails are a crucial way for our campaign to stay in touch with supporters. However, if you'd rather not receive anymore emails about the 2014 Election, click
here . If you'd just like to receive fewer emails, you can click
here .
We are already at work preparing for what's next. Early support will be critical for building our next campaign to defeat Tea Party Republicans. 99% of our contributions come from grassroots donations, with an average gift of $22. If you'd like to unsubscribe from DCCC emails, click
here . If you'd like to make an online donation, click
here . Thanks for your support of Democrats!
