
If you are having trouble
viewing this message or would like to share it on a social network, you
can
view the message
online .
HOME
ABOUT ME
CONTACT
ME
SERVING YOU
MEDIA CENTER
OUR DISTRICT
RESOURCES
November 03, 2014
Strengthening Public Education
As the father of
a 1 year old I know how important public schools are to future
generations of Kansans.
I have fought to keep college
affordable by supporting bipartisan legislation to keep student loan interest
rates low.
As a strong supporter of local control I
have worked to eliminate burdensome regulations and unfunded mandates
which harm our local schools.
I supported the Student
Success Act (H.R. 5) to accomplish many of these goals.
Click here to learn
more.
Artwork from Head Start of Shawnee Mission
I had
the pleasure of welcoming some children to my District Office last
week from Head Start of Shawnee Mission. As part of National Head Start
Association Awareness Month in October, the preschool class brought me
some of their beautiful artwork which I am proudly displaying in my
office. Thank you to the teachers and to Executive Director Terrie
VanZandt-Travis for this special visit and for all you do for children in
our community.
I work to strengthen investments in education
and research funding for the full spectrum of learning, from supporting
early childhood education programs like
Head
Start
to University level research.
No matter where you
start in life, each American should have the opportunity for a good
education to give you the tools needed to achieve the American
Dream.
Olathe Public Schools Foundation Breakfast
Last week I attended the annual Olathe Public Schools Foundation
Breakfast. It was great to hear Superintendent Dr. Marlin Berry share his
vision in preparing students for the future; investing in the lives of
our children is making a difference. Thank you to Olathe District
Schools Board President LeEtta Felter for inviting me to
attend.
Interviewed by Shawnee Mission Northwest Seniors
It was a
privilege to be interviewed by seniors from Shawnee Mission Northwest
High School last week. Allison, Brooke and Tracy asked me policy
questions and how I got involved in public service. This was part of their
American Government class project. Best of luck as they complete their
senior year!
Making Healthcare Affordable and
Accessible
The President's Healthcare Law has not been good
for Kansas. It has increased insurance rates and reduced options. We
need real bipartisan legislation to ensure patients make their own
healthcare decisions rather than federal bureaucrats.
While our
healthcare system has long needed a fix, the Presidents law has failed
to address real problems like patient choice and access to
care.
I support legislation to increase access to care by training more
doctors.
I champion the National Institutes of Health and its
efforts to find cures to debilitating diseases that threaten the lives
of so many, requesting a budget of $32 billion which represents a
nearly $2 billion increase above current levels.
I am committed
to working with my colleagues on bipartisan legislation to ensure
Kansans will be able to keep their doctors and not lose their healthcare
plans due to Obamacare.
Carondelet Orthopaedic
Surgeons
Thank you to Administrator Todd Laytham for providing
me the opportunity to meet with the dedicated surgeons at Carondelet
Orthopaedic Surgeons in Overland Park to discuss the healthcare
environment in Johnson County, including medical liability reform, health
information technology changes, and regulatory barriers to quality
healthcare.
Learn more at the
Carondelet Orthopaedic Surgeons' website.
Agricultural Tour, Country of Origin Labeling (COOL)
As Vice-Chair of
the Agriculture Appropriations Subcommittee, I have worked to hold
the Administration accountable for their policies that hurt both family
farmers and consumers. Just this week, I had the opportunity to
visit with local farmers in Louisburg and I am concerned about
regulations impacting their farms.
I saw firsthand how the
flawed United States Department of Agriculture (USDA) rules dealing with
COOL are going to hurt Kansas farmers and drive the cost of food higher.
This is an issue I raised with USDA administrators earlier this
year:
Click here to view a clip of my interactions with USDA officials
on COOL.
This flawed rule is an example of why Kansans are
paying more at the grocery store and why the cost of living is
increasing. It is time regulators understand the impact their policies have
on everyday life in Kansas.
Growing the
Economy
For far too long Washington has stood in the way of economic
growth by issuing burdensome regulations and weighing down businesses with
an overly complicated tax code.
I supported the REINS Act
which allows Congress to weigh in on regulations issued by the White
House that would increase business expenses and cost Kansas
jobs.
I support rewriting our tax code to make it flatter and fairer,
keeping jobs from going overseas and lowering the barrier of entry for new
entrepreneurs.
On all of my business stops this year, I have
heard one prevailing message: Washington needs to stop trying to
manage the economy and clear the way the way for businesses to hire
workers and increase productivity.
Visiting
Netsmart
Here's a tweet from Netsmart, in
Leawood, when I visited last week.
Do you follow me on twitter? Keep up to date on all
of my activities in Kansas and Washington, D.C. by following me. It's
a great way to interact with the community.
Appropriations
Since joining the House Appropriations Committee
in 2011, I work daily to rein in federal spending, and for four
consecutive years we have reduced discretionary spending, which has reduced
our budget below the FY 2009 levels of spending.
As a
leader on the Appropriations Committee, I have been a voice for fiscal
sanity. I believe we need to prioritize our spending for programs
that work, and balance our budget so we dont leave future generations
burdened with unsustainable debt.
I have led by example by
reducing my office budget and returning those dollars to the U.S.
Treasury.
Since joining the Appropriations Committee in 2010 we have
reduced discretionary spending by $165 billion.
I
support a balanced budget amendment to the Constitution, and have worked to
implement reforms to our budget process.
Fighting Juvenile Diabetes
I had a special opportunity to meet with some of my younger
constituents and their moms last week to talk about federal funding
for juvenile diabetes. Kerri Lindsay, Advocacy Chair for the Kansas
City JDRF Kansas City Chapter and her two boys and Laura Fornelli and her
two girls shared their experiences and challenges with me. It is
exciting to hear about the latest technology being used to monitor and
treat type 1 diabetes and I will continue to support the National
Institutes of Health in their research efforts to ultimately find a cure for
this devastating disease.
Fact of
the Week: Social Security COLA
This January, nearly 64 million Americans will see an increase of 1.7%
to their Social Security Payments. COLA is short for Cost-of-Living
Adjustment, and by law this COLA is tied to inflation.
This should work out to approximately $20 extra
in monthly payments.
For
more information directly from Social Security click here.
If you ever have difficulty working with
Social Security or any government agency, please feel free to contact my
Overland Park office at (913) 621-0832 or
visit my website at
https://yoder.house.gov/services/help-with-a-federal-agency.
FREE Medicare Open
Enrollment Event, Thursday, November 6th
OPEN TO ALL
Medicare Open Enrollment runs from
October 15 to December 7. We are able to help local seniors save thousands,
so please attend if you need any assistance.
Attendees
at my Medicare Open Enrollment Assistance Events have the opportunity
for face-to-face assistance from knowledgeable benefits counselors
from the
Senior Health
Insurance Counseling for Kansas
(SHICK)
program. SHICK is a free, unbiased and confidential program that uses trained,
community counselors to answer your questions about Medicare issues.
SHICK counselors can help find the most affordable plan that fits your
personal health care needs.
The next event will be held
soon:
Thursday, November 6
from 9:00 a.m. to 3:00 p.m. at Sylvester Powell Community Center in
Mission, Kansas.
Working
with seniors in Wyandotte County last week to assist them with their
Medicare benefits.
Each year
there are new health plan and prescription drug coverage choices to
consider and it is our goal to make this decision process as easy as we
can for you. For more information on the upcoming Medicare Open
Enrollment event, visit my
website .
Medicare beneficiaries who wish to make changes or enroll for the
first time need to bring their Medicare card, any current prescriptions
(including dosage and frequency), and a list of preferred pharmacies.
For additional information, please contact my
District Office
in Overland Park at (913)
621-0832 or
t he official Medicare.gov
website for more information on
Medicare Enrollment.
World Series Game
Seven
The outcome of the World Series was a heart breaker for all Royals
fans, but what an amazing run. I look forward to next season for the
Royals to be one of the top teams in Major League Baseball.
Royals fans shared a distinct moment of pride at Kauffman Stadium
when Grammy Award Winning Opera Star, Joyce DiDonato, sang the
national anthem. She is a local native from Prairie Village and huge baseball
fan.
Learn more and
watch the performance after the link at the Kansas City
Star.
"We are Farmers"
Last week I held an employee town hall at Farmers Insurance in
Olathe. We discussed the economy, budget and deficit facing our nation,
and legislation before Congress.
Talking Business with
DEMDACO
I always appreciate the chance to visit with
employees and business owners in the 3rd Congressional District. Last
week I sat down with employees at
DEMDACO
in Leawood and discussed the economy and policies that help
private sector job growth.
Noche de Gala with the
Hispanic Chamber of KC
It's
always a pleasure to attend an Hispanic Chamber of Kansas City event. For
more information on their organization chek out
their webpage
or
follow @hccgkc on twitter.
Upcoming Community Office
Hours
My staff can assist you
from
8:00 a.m. - 5:00 p.m., Monday through
Friday
in my
Overland
Park office . They can help with any issues or concerns, as
well as to
provide assistance with federal agencies and
programs including, Veterans' Affairs, Medicare, Social Security,
Passports, and Visas.
My staff also
holds
Community Office Hours
throughout the district.
If you are unable to visit my office, please consider coming to the
following location if it is more convenient for you:
Thursday, November 13, 2014
Louisburg Library
206 South Broadway
Street
Louisburg, Kansas
66053
Noon
1:30 p.m.
Tell a Friend
E-mail:
E-mail:
E-mail:
Please click below
to follow me on Twitter, Facebook, and YouTube.
Washington,
DC
215 Cannon HOB
Washington, DC 20515
Phone: (202)
225-2865
Hours: Monday-Friday
9:00AM -6:00PM EST
Overland Park
7325 W. 79th St.
Overland
Park, KS 66204
Phone: (913) 621-0832
Fax: (913)
621-1533
Hours: Monday-Friday
8:00AM -5:00PM CST
Unsubscribe
|
Update My
Profile
|
Privacy Policy
