
WASHINGTON/ARKANSAS UPDATE
November provides time to celebrate, give thanks
A popular social media trend in recent years has involved expressing thanks during November, extending our national holiday, Thanksgiving, to all thirty days of this month. In Arkansas' First District, we certainly have much for which we should give thanks. And whether we internalize or publicly post our thankfulness, it's important to cultivate a sense of gratitude for the bounty we enjoy daily. So, as fall has hit full swing, let's all offer thanks this month for the "harvests" we've had this year. Even more, let's extend that thankfulness into December and beyond.
I visited HOLT Agribusiness on Thursday for the grand opening of its $4 million facility in Jonesboro, which includes a 15,000 sq. ft. sales and parts building and a 10,000 sq. ft. full-service center. This facility will serve First District agriculture well, and I had the privilege of joining HOLT Agribusiness CEO Peter M. Holt, Arkansas Agriculture Secretary Butch Calhoun, and HOLT Agribusiness Jonesboro Regional Operations Manager Bruce Martin following the event.
To begin the Grand Opening Ceremony for HOLT Agribusiness, U.S. Army Sergeant First Class Dana Bowman (ret.), a former Army Golden Knight who is a double-amputee and a well-known wounded warrior advocate, skydived from 5,000 ft. while draping a 7,500 sq. ft. American flag. It was a poignant way to begin the event, and Sergeant Bowman was kind enough to pose for a picture with me following his jump. Altogether, HOLT and its affiliates employ more than 350 former military members, which amounts to 17 percent of the companys workforce. This Veterans Day, join me in thanking our men and women of the First District who served as well as companies like HOLT who employ them!
As a veteran, I was honored to speak at the Beck Pride and NEA Veterans Action Clergy Moral Injury &amp; Invisible Wounds Seminar on Wednesday at the St. Bernard's Auditorium in Jonesboro. This much-needed event provides training for local spiritual leaders and mental health professionals who may be working with returning veterans in the First District.
I appreciate the University of Arkansas Division of Agriculture Extension and the U.S. Department of Agriculture's Farm Service Agency for allowing me to address their opening 2014 farm bill workshop held Tuesday at the Northeast Arkansas Exposition &amp; Conference Center in Jonesboro.
Veterans Day Gives Arkansas Chance to Honor Those Who Served
From the founding of this country, veterans have been the lifeblood of our nationWe want all of our deserving heroes to be honored and recognized.
Colonel Conrad Reynolds, founder and director of the Arkansas Military Veterans Hall of Fame
Colonel Reynolds made these remarks describing the nomination process for the 2014 Arkansas Military Veterans Hall of Fame. For the past four years, this non-profit organization has annually honored and recognized up to 15 Arkansas military veterans, inducting them into its Hall of Fame for valorous military service as well as combined military and civilian service.
Many of our states most famous military leaders now sit in this hall, including Congressional Medal of Honor recipient and World War II Commanding General Douglas MacArthur, whose quote I shall return, still resonates more than 70 years later; Marine Corps Gunnery Sergeant Carlos Hathcock, whose reputation as a sniper in Vietnam earned him numerous awards and prompted the military to name a rifle after his trademark white feather; and Brigadier General James Robinson Risner, who was the first living recipient of the Air Force Cross; he received it twice.
Even more important to Arkansas First District, this years induction class includes at least six individuals who call or have called it home. These names include Sergeant Major Robert Gene Brashears of Harrisburg, Command Sergeant Major Cleo Lee of Newport, Sergeant Major Richard Junior Nail of Lafferty, Lt. Colonel Robert Martin Schoenborn, Jr. of Jonesboro, Lt. Colonel David Ray Wallace of Leachville, and Walnut Ridge-native Colonel Tom W. Thomas of Searcy.
Together, these six men served our country in World War II, Korea, and Vietnam. They earned more than 40 service awards combined, including 19 Air Medals, 5 Army Commendation Medals, 9 Bronze Star Medals, 1 Distinguished Flying Cross, 1 Defense Meritorious Service Medal, 2 Legion of Merit awards, 4 Meritorious Service Medals, and 2 Purple Heart awards. They risked mind and body to protect the freedoms we enjoy daily, and their inductions into this Hall of Fame provide the First District an opportunity to offer a resounding, Thank you for serving.
In doing so, lets make sure we dont forget our veterans who may never receive a Hall of Fame induction.
Arkansas houses more than 240,000 veterans, or about 8.1 percent of our states total population. Some serve in various local, state, and national capacities, while others have devoted themselves to the private sector, creating and filling the jobs that keep our economy afloat. Still, others daily bear the visible and invisible injuries of war that prevent them from migrating into the civilian workplace; marks that reflect the jobs they faithfully accomplished in service to their country.
So, on November 11, as we celebrate the 60th anniversary of the holiday known as Veterans Day, lets each take some time to thank and honor the men and women whom we call veterans. To paraphrase a quote from the football movie
Remember the Titans , theyre Hall of Fame in my book.
WEBSITE
|
UNSUBSCRIBE
|
CONTACT
Click Here Click Here