
December 5, 2014
WEBSITE
|
FORWARD TO A FRIEND
| SHARE ON:
The People's Tree
In This Week's Kline's Corner
Minnesota-grown U.S. Capitol Tree Lit
Helping Victims of Sexual Assault
An Important Hand Up
Minnesota-grown U.S. Capitol Tree Lit
Dear Friends,
As Minnesotans plan for family gatherings and decorations are displayed throughout our communities for the holiday season, our great state is playing an important role in our national Christmas celebration this year. The U.S. Capitol Christmas Tree for 2014 was selected from the Chippewa National Forest in northern Minnesota and was lit this week in Washington. The Peoples Tree is an 80-foot tall white spruce. As the white spruce grows exclusively in northern states, its fitting this tree was chosen to represent the North Star State for the U.S. Capitol Christmas Tree. To see view pictures of the tree, visit
my Facebook page .
Helping Victims of Sexual Assault
This week, the House approved the National Defense Authorization Act (NDAA), important legislation passed by Congress each year that serves as the budgetary blueprint for the Pentagon. This bill includes important initiatives I authored for members of our military and our veterans from addressing sexual assault to ensuring our service members receive the benefits they were promised. Our sons and daughters in uniform sacrifice a great deal to protect our freedoms, and I am pleased to have supported this legislation which is critical to them, our veterans, and their families You can read more
here .
An Important Hand Up
People with disabilities, and their families and caregivers face significant challenges, yet do not have access to an equivalent savings option. This week, the House passed legislation I co-sponsored that empowers Minnesotans and all Americans with disabilities by enhancing personal choice, easing financial hurdles, and ultimately securing their future. This important bill allows disabled individuals and their families to save their own money in 529a (or ABLE) accounts. ABLE Accounts would be a savings vehicle, similar to 529 college savings accounts, for qualified disability-related expenses. You can learn more about the bill
here .
Have a great week!
John Kline
Member of Congress
TOP NEWS
John Kline Statement on Tax Increase Prevention Act
Minnesota Congressman John Kline issued the following statement today after supporting the Tax Increase Prevention Act of 2014 (H.R. 5771), which prevents tax increases on millions of American families and businesses as the tax year 2014 filing season begins early next year:
I cant let the perfect be the enemy of the good
while this bipartisan legislation provides needed tax relief for Minnesota families and businesses, it is only short-term and includes some provisions I have strongly advocated to let expire.
Read more .
UPDATE SUBSCRIPTION OPTIONS
|
PRIVACY POLICY
|
CONTACT US
Click Here Click Here