DOCTYPE html PUBLIC '-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.0 Transitional//EN' 'http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml1/DTD/xhtml1-transitional.dtd'
Bob Latta's Family Values Watch
November 2014
REPRESENTING OHIO'S 5TH DISTRICT
Share
Congressman Latta's monthly newsletter tracking life and family news from the Nations Capital
[if gte mso 9]>
Normal
0
false
false
false
EN-US
JA
X-NONE
<![endif]
CALIFORNIA VIOLATES LAW BY EXPANDING ABORTION COVERAGE
On August 22, 2014, the California Department of Managed Health Care (DMHC) issued a directive requiring all plans under DMHC authority to immediately include coverage for all legal abortions.
As a result, insurance issuers in California added abortion to any plans that had previously excluded it
including plans for employers who had requested an abortion exclusion.
This mandate was issued despite the Weldon amendment, which is a federal civil rights law that prohibits federal taxpayer funding for Federal agencies and State or local governments that discriminate on the basis that a health care entity does not provide, provide coverage of, pay for, or refer for abortions, and clarifies that the protected entities include health insurance plans.
In October, several churches filed a Weldon amendment complaint with the Department of Health and Human Services (HHS) requesting relief from the California abortion mandate.
In response to the DMHC act, I, along with several other Members of Congress, sent a letter to HHS Secretary Sylvia Burwell urging HHS to act quickly on this matter and provide information about actions taken to bring DMHC into compliance with the law.
The letter states that the California mandate is a clear violation of long-standing federal law and expresses concerns that HHS has failed to bring this discriminatory practice to a halt.
Please be assured that I will keep you updated on this matter.
2015 MARCH FOR LIFE
Please mark your calendars to attend the 2015 March for Life rally on Thursday, January 22, 2015 in Washington, D.C.
I will be hosting an open house for constituents who are visiting the area to support the pro-life movement.
The reception will be held at the
Rayburn House Office Building in Room 2322 from 1:00pm
5:00pm.
For more information, please
click here
to read the flyer.
AIR FORCE REVISES RELIGIOUS EXPRESSION POLICY
As a result of a Religious Freedom Focus Day convened by Air Force Chief of Staff, General Mark Welsh, the Air Force has revised its religious expression language in the
Air Force Instruction 1-1 . The disproportionate emphasis on religious neutrality in the old language was inconsistent with the Free Exercise Clause of the First Amendment, and with conscience protections for service members and chaplains that were passed by Congress in the National Defense Authorization Act.
The new language is significantly improved and now references well-established standards for religious freedom found in our Constitution and in the Religious Freedom Restoration Act. I hope this new language will better aid the Air Force in maintaining the high standard that our Nation has always had for protecting freedom of religion for our men and women in uniform.
OHIOS BAN ON SAME-SEX MARRIAGE REMAINS IN PLACE
Earlier this month, the 6 th
U.S. Circuit Court of Appeals held that provisions in Ohio, Michigan, Kentucky, and Tennessee defining marriage as the union of one man and one woman did not violate the U.S. Constitution. This was the first ruling by a federal appeals court to uphold state bans on same-sex marriage since the Supreme Court struck down part of the federal Defense of Marriage Act in 2013.
As you are aware, I am a firm believer that marriage consists only of a union between a man and a woman; therefore, I am pleased to hear that Ohios ban on same-sex marriage will remain in place.
News Releases
November 20: Latta: We Need to Work Together to Find a Real Solution to our Broken Immigration System
November 20:
Latta Applauds Senate Passage of STELAR
November 20 :
Latta Introduces Bill to Help Protect Drinking Water
Social Media
Follow Congressman Latta online! He regularly updates his profiles with the latest news and developments from around Ohio and Capitol Hill.
OHIO OFFICES
WASHINGTON DC OFFICE
BOWLING GREEN OFFICE
1045 North Main St, Ste 6
Bowling Green, OH 43402
T (419) 354-8700
DEFIANCE OFFICE
101 Clinton St, Ste 1200
Defiance, OH 43512
T (419) 782-1996
FINDLAY OFFICE
318 Dorney Plaza, Room 302
Findlay, OH 45840
T (419) 422-7791
2448 Rayburn HOB
Washington, DC 20515
Main: 202-225-6405
Unsubscribe
-
Privacy Policy
Click Here Click Here