
At 8 pm ET tonight, President Obama will lay out his actions to provide deportation relief to millions of families and keep the children of immigrants safe.
Show President Obama your support before his immigration announcement tonight.
Sign on here &gt;&gt;
Friend -- At 8 pm ET tonight, President Obama will lay out his actions to provide deportation relief to millions of families and keep the children of immigrants safe.
Predictably, Republicans have steam coming out of their ears. They&rsquo;re making all kinds of alarming threats against President Obama:
Ted Cruz has threatened to block ALL of the President&rsquo;s nominees for must-fill government roles
Rand Paul has suggested spending taxpayer dollars to SUE the President
And several House Republicans have even said that impeachment could be on the table
President Obama needs your support -- and he needs it BEFORE 8 PM. Will you sign on to let him know you have his back on immigration?
Your Action History
Last Petition Signed:
N/A
Support Immigration Relief:
Signature Pending &gt;&gt;
This is such an important moment for our country -- and an opportunity to do the right thing for millions of families. And don&rsquo;t forget: Two Republican presidents previously took unilateral action to help immigrant families -- and the GOP didn&rsquo;t make a peep then!
We MUST show the President that the Democratic base is lined up behind him and will firmly REJECT the GOP&rsquo;s attacks and threats.
76,000 Democrats have already signed on! Can we reach 100,000 before the President&rsquo;s announcement at 8 ET? Add your name to show your support!
Thank you,
DSCC Update
Democratic Senatorial Campaign Committee
P.O. Box 96047
Washington, DC 20090
Paid for by the Democratic Senatorial Campaign Committee, dscc.org,
and not authorized by any candidate or candidate&#39;s committee.
The DSCC is the only organization solely dedicated to supporting Democrats in the U.S. Senate. This message was sent to dj724530@gmail.com because you are a part of the DSCC&rsquo;s grassroots network. Please add us to your address book or approved senders list to make sure you keep receiving DSCC updates.
Emails are a critical way for us to stay in touch with our grassroots supporters. 99% of the DSCC&rsquo;s contributions come from grassroots donors giving less than $200. We also strive to keep you updated on issues related to the Democratic Party&rsquo;s values.
If you&rsquo;d like to stop receiving emails related to this campaign, please
click here .
If you&#39;d like to make a contribution to support us, please
click here . We are already beginning to prepare for the fight ahead &ndash; reclaiming the majority in 2016. It will take every single grassroots supporter, but we know it&rsquo;s possible with your help. If you&rsquo;d like to stop receiving all emails from the DSCC, please
unsubscribe . We greatly appreciate your continued support.
Contributions or gifts to the DSCC are not tax deductible.
