 Mail
begin
If you are having trouble
viewing this message or would like to share it on a social network, you
can
view the message
online .
Home
About
Services
Legislative Center
Issues
Newsroom
District
Contact
November 11, 2014
Dear
Neighbor,
Duty. Honor. Sacrifice. These are the principles brave
American warriors and their families have practiced on behalf of our
citizenry since the founding of our great nation.
On this Veterans
Day, let us not forget we remain forever in the debt of our dedicated
men and women in uniform and the families that sacrifice to support
them.
Let us also not forget that it is our responsibility to
assist them when they are in need.
Virginia is home to nearly
850,000 veterans. We are the only state whose veteran population has
increased by more than 5 percent over the last 15 years. You would be
hard pressed to find a Virginian who does not have a veteran in their
family, neighborhood, or workplace.
I am asking you to join
me in observing this Veterans Day by remaining vigilant and
identifying veterans in need. If you are not sure how you can help them find the
assistance they require, please do not hesitate to contact my
district office.
My district office has helped many veterans
obtain Post 9-11 GI Bill benefits, assisted bereaved families in cutting
through red tape to schedule burials of fallen service members at
Arlington Cemetery, resolved errors with Defense Finance and Accounting
Services, resolved many VA claims, and secured medals and honors that
veterans rightfully earned but never received.
The
combat-disabled veterans employed in my office specifically to handle veterans and
military family issues bring experience and understanding to their
mission, and they have had great success resolving many complicated
matters impacting their fellow veterans. In just 6 years, my district
office has assisted more than 1,000 veterans and active duty service
members and helped recoup more than $2 million in benefits
earned.
If you know someone who would benefit from our assistance, please
encourage them to contact my district
offices:
Fairfax District Office
4115 Annandale Road, Suite 103
Annandale,
VA 22003
703-256-3071
Prince William County
Office
4308 Ridgewood Center Drive
Woodbridge, VA
22192
703-670-4989
Beyond helping individuals, our
level of interaction with veterans and the issues they face helps me
identify trends in veterans care and informs my advocacy efforts on
Capitol Hill. For example, I learned that there was a significant backlog
at the VA, not from government reports, but from the complaints my
office heard directly from Northern Virginia veterans. That is why I
wrote the House Appropriations Committee requesting specific language
addressing VA disability cases older than 200 days. That kind of wait is
unacceptable for our veterans who may be waiting for vital support
services that mean the difference between life and death. Since March
2013, the VA backlog has been reduced by 60 percent, but I will not be
satisfied until it is eliminated.
When the system fails our
veterans and a resolution is beyond the reach of a single Member of
Congress, we must make a concerted effort to do right by our active duty
and retired service members. Failures like the ones we witnessed at the
VA Hospital in Phoenix are unacceptable. Fortunately, Congress
responded in a bipartisan fashion and passed the Veterans Access, Choice,
and Accountability Act, and I want to share some of the progress that
has been made.
During the last four months, 1.2 million
additional VA medical appointments were completed than in the same time
period last year. During this time, the VA made 1.1 million
authorizations for private sector care, a 46.6 percent increase over last year.
Average wait times decreased by 18 percent, and 98 percent of
appointments were completed within 30 days of the date preferred by the veteran
or the date deemed medically necessary by the physician. The necessary
improvements at the VA are a work in progress, and I will continue to
monitor that progress until I am satisfied that our nation is
upholding its commitment to our veterans and their families.
One of
the first things I did as your Congressman was to travel to
Afghanistan and Iraq to visit with our troops and witness firsthand their
service, dedication and sacrifice on behalf of our nation. While in
Congress, I have introduced veterans-specific legislation to address
Post-Traumatic Stress Disorder, expand the implementation of Veterans
Treatment Courts, increase the availability of training services to returning
soldiers, and making it easier for families when a service member is
abroad. I take great pride in representing these brave men and women,
as well as their families, and believe there is no greater
responsibility in Congress than to make sure those who put on the uniform are
taken care of, both during active duty service and after
discharge.
On this Veterans Day, when you are done thanking a veteran for
their service, please be mindful of how else we might demonstrate our
appreciation.
Sincerely,
Gerald E. Connolly
Member of Congress
11th District of
Virginia
Washington, DC
Office
424 Cannon HOB
Washington, D.C. 20515
Phone: (202)
225-1492
Fax: (202) 225-3071
Annandale Office
4115
Annandale Road, Ste. 103
Annandale, VA 22003
Phone: (703)
256-3071
Fax: (703) 354-1284
Prince
William Office
4308 Ridgewood Center Dr.
Woodbridge,
VA 22192
Phone: (703) 670-4989
Fax: (703) 670-6042
Unsubscribe
|
Update My Profile
|
Privacy Policy
gateway mail end
