November 10, 2014
Dear David,
With the All Aboard Florida FRA meetings concluding in Orlando this week, I wanted to take a moment and thank the thousands of concerned residents who have shared their concerns regarding All Aboard Florida and its effects on our quality of life across the Treasure Coast and Palm Beaches.
I also wanted remind residents and commercial and recreational boaters about the upcoming U.S. Coast Guard public meetings concerning AAF and its impact on navigating the New River, Loxahatchee River, and St. Lucie River.
Since July, I have called on the Coast Guard to hold public meetings, and I am pleased to see that the Coast Guard has not only rescheduled the meetings to allow for greater participation, but also expand their scope to include more comprehensive input and hear the concerns of affected business owners, boaters, and emergency personnel.
I encourage you to attend one of the meetings scheduled for this week to provide concrete, substantive, quantified input regarding the project's impact on marine industries and navigating the three impacted waterways (information below).
It is important that they receive as detailed information as possible to be able to best maintain the navigability of our waterways.
If you are unable to attend, you may submit written comments via email ( USCGD7DPBPublicComment@uscg.mil ), fax (305-415-6763), or mail (Brickell Federal Building c/o Seventh Coast Guard District Bridge Branch, 909 S.E. First Ave., Miami, FL 33131-3050.)
Comments may be submitted through December 1 st , and should include the docket number USCG-2014-0937 along with your name, address, and phone number.
U.S. Coast Guard public meetings
New River bridge:
Nov. 12, 6:30 to 9 p.m
Anne Kolb Nature Center at West Lake Park
751 Sheridan Street, Hollywood
St. Lucie River bridge:
Nov. 13, 5:30 to 8 p.m.
John F. Armstrong Wing Auditorium of the Blake Library
2351 S.E. Monterey Road, Stuart
L oxahatchee
River bridge:
Nov. 14, 5:30 to 8 p.m.
Jupiter Council Chambers
210 Military Trail, Jupiter
I hope you will take the opportunity to have your concerns regarding maritime navigation heard by the U.S. Coast Guard.
Thank you for standing up for our way of life here on the Treasure Coast and Palm Beaches.
I am honored to be your representative.
To stay up to date on AAF and other issues affecting our communities, I urge you to sign up
here
for my e-newsletter.
Sincerely,
Patrick E. Murphy
Member of Congress
Click Here
to receive updates about issues impacting our communities.
Click Here
to be removed from this list.