
Miller Thanksgiving Day Message
November 27, 2014
Thanksgiving is a day that millions of Americans look forward to every year.
Across the country, generations of families gather to spend the day with their loved ones as they enjoy the Thanksgiving feast.
This Thanksgiving, as you celebrate this quintessentially American holiday with your family, I urge you to take a moment to reflect on the origins of Thanksgiving and to give thanks for the many blessings that the Lord has bestowed on our great Nation.
Thanksgivings important role in our history dates back to the earliest days of European settlement in America.
Of course, we all remember learning in school about the famous Thanksgiving celebrated by Pilgrims and Native Americans in 1621 in Plymouth, Massachusetts.
While this is the most famous Thanksgiving celebration, it was likely not the first.
Nonetheless, the tradition of Thanksgiving continued to be marked by early American settlers on a local level for the next 150 years or so years.
Thanksgiving began to take on a national importance during the Revolutionary War period, when the United States Continental Congress passed legislation on November 25, 1777 directing General Washington to give his troops a day of Thanksgiving.
General Washington, upon receiving this directive, issued general orders for a day to be set for Solemn Thanksgiving and Praise, that at one time, and with one voice, the good people may express the grateful feelings of their hearts, and consecrate themselves to the service of their divine benefactor.
With this proclamation, General Washington forever tied the celebration of Thanksgiving to our Nations proud military history and the brave men and women who put their lives on the line defending our freedom.
On this Thanksgiving, as we reflect on our many blessings, let us take an extra moment to thank, honor, and remember all those who have put on the uniform in defense of the United States of America and the eternal principles upon which our Nation was founded.
Likewise, let us give thanks for all the men and women who continue to serve today, especially those who are deployed in harms way during Thanksgiving.
Our Nations military is central to so many aspects of American life, including Thanksgiving.
So, this Thanksgiving, let us give thanks to God for the sacred blessings of the brave and selfless souls of our military men and women who have volunteered to stand the watch, and ask that the Lord protect and guide those currently in harms way with His loving hand.
Finally, wherever you are celebrating the holiday this year, I wish you a Happy Thanksgiving.
Jeff
Click Here
to view this email in your browser
Click Here
to be removed from this list