
If you
are having trouble viewing this message or would like to share it on a
social network, you can
view the message online .
ABOUT
SERVICES
ISSUES &amp; LEGISLATION
MEDIA CENTER
DISTRICT
CONTACT
RESOURCES
November 02, 2014
Friends,
In my travels around the district,
I've had the privilege of meeting many of you. If there's one thing I've
heard over and over again, from business owners to employees to moms
and dads to college students, it's that Northeast Ohioans are
concerned about how we can get our economy and job market back on
track.
I certainly understand those feelings.
Over the past few years, I've seen families struggling to make ends
meet, friends losing their jobs and businesses, and people becoming
more and more upset that their government hasnt listened to them. That's
why I ran for Congress -- to bring accountability and common sense
fixes to Washington.
Encouraging
job creation and economic growth in Ohio's 14th district has been my top
priority from day one. There's no doubt that we still have a lot to
do, but we have made important strides that you likely haven't been
hearing about on the news. I'd like to share some of those with
you.
Here are a few examples of how I've
been fighting for Northeast Ohio
jobs:
1.
Small businesses
generate two out of every
three new jobs. In Washington, I am fighting for lower taxes and against
unnecessary regulations that inhibit the growth of small businesses.
I partnered with freshman Democrat Rep. Patrick Murphy of Florida to
introduce the Small Business Investment Act, which extends an important
deduction used by small businesses to grow and hire. I also worked
with Republican Rep. Pat Tiberi of Ohio to pass America's Small Business
Tax Relief Act, which reduces compliance costs and allows small
businesses to do what they do best: create jobs and drive our local
economy.
2. Every $1 billion spent
on
infrastructure
creates or retains about 35,000
jobs that cannot be outsourced to India or China. Considering that one
of the best ways to promote job creation is to rebuild our nation, I
joined Democrat Rep. John Delaney from Maryland in introducing the
Partnership to Build America Act. The goal of this legislation is to
establish the American Infrastructure Fund, which would provide bond
guarantees and make loans to states, local governments and non-profit
infrastructure providers for investments in qualified infrastructure
projects.
3. The
Great
Lakes
are directly connected to 1.5 million jobs that generate
$62 billion in annual wages. This year, I helped secure $300 million in
funding for the Great Lakes Restoration Initiative through my position
on the House Appropriations Committee. I've also introduced the
bipartisan Great Lakes Ecological and Economic Protection Act (GLEEPA),
which would authorize comprehensive programs that protect the Great Lakes
and boost economic growth in our region. For a healthy economy in
Northeast Ohio, it's crucial that we protect our greatest economic and
environmental resource.
4. With so
many people looking for work and employers needing to fill good jobs,
we have to do better
closing the unemployment gap . I
was pleased to support the Workforce Innovation and Opportunity Act,
which will improve workforce training programs and connect skilled
workers with open positions. This legislation passed both the House and
the Senate, gaining the support of major business and labor groups, and
was signed into law by President Obama on July
22nd.
Thank you for the privilege of representing you. I've included a few
photos below from my district visits this week. As Congress prepares to go
back into session, I remain committed to working with my colleagues on
both sides of the aisle to fight for the needs of Northeast Ohio
families and bring jobs back to the Buckeye
state.
Sincerely,
Dave
On Thursday, I was honored to receive the
Friend of the Farm Bureau award from the Ohio Farm Bureau for my
commitment to agriculture in the 113th Congress. Thank you to Patterson
Fruit Farm owner Bill Patterson, Geauga County Farm Bureau President Ed
Rumburg and State Senator John Eklund for hosting me and for a good
discussion about how we can best support our local
farmers.
I had a
good meeting with the Lake County Mayors and City Managers on Monday.
Their time and insight on important issues in our district is always
greatly appreciated.
On Tuesday evening, I joined State Representative
Marlene Anielski in speaking to the Solon 100 Club. This organization
plays a vital role in supporting the families of the brave men and women
in Solon Police and Fire. I feel a personal connection to this group
because I had the honor of helping to found the Geauga County Blue
Coats, which also supports the families of those who make great sacrifices
in Geauga County. We have a responsibility to support those who serve
us in such a selfless and vital way.
Washington D.C. Office
1535 Longworth HOB
Washington, DC 20515
Phone: (202)
2255731
Fax: (202) 2253307
Hours: M-F 9-5:30PM
Painesville
Office
1
Victoria Place, Room 320
Painesville, OH
44077
Phone: (440) 3523939
Phone: (800) 4470529
Fax:
(440) 3523622
Twinsburg
Office
Twinsburg Gov. Center
10075 Ravenna Road
Twinsburg, OH
44087
Phone: (330) 4259291
Fax: (330) 4257071
Unsubscribe
|
Update My Profile
|
Privacy Policy
gateway mail end
