
Saturday, November 22, 2014
WEBSITE
|
FORWARD TO A FRIEND
| SHARE ON:
Congressional Report
Dear Friends,
Please take a few moments to read my latest update from Washington, DC and across the 28th District of Texas.
Health Insurance Enrollment Events in Laredo and Mission
Congressman Cuellar spoke at a health insurance enrollment and information event in Laredo where he highlighted the resources available to constituents as they learn more about their options.
With the opening of the 2015 health insurance marketplace this past Saturday, my office kicked off enrollment events across
#TX28 .
For more information about applying for health insurance,
please visit
www.healthcare.gov
or
www.cuidadodesalud.gov
for assistance in Spanish.
For organizations that can provide in person assistance across the 28th District of Texas, please visit my website
here .
My staff in the Rio Grande Valley are working in conjunction with the Enroll RGV coalition to provide information to TX28 constituents about the beginning of the open enrollment period.
My Bexar County Outreach Coordinator, Pete Arguello, met with members of the EnrollSA Coalition, where they discussed ways we are collaborating to provide more information to TX28 constituents on their health insurance options.
My office is partnering with the
EnrollSA
coalition to get the word out about the opening of the next enrollment period for health insurance. My outreach coordinator for Bexar County, attended a kick off press conference this week in San Antonio .
Visit to Jimmy Carter Early College High School in La Joya
Southern District Outreach Coordinator, Narda Terrones, met with students at Jimmy Carter Early College High School in La Joya to provide information on services provided by my Mission District Office.
My southern district outreach coordinator, Narda Terrones, stopped by the Jimmy Carter Early College High School in La Joya, where she visited a government class. In her meeting, she discussed her role as outreach coordinator and constituent caseworker as well as her day-to-day responsibilities and future internship opportunities for students.
To learn more about internships with my office, visit my website at
www.cuellar.house.gov .
Successful Casework - Laredoan Gets His Passport
Eduardo Davila, a Laredo resident, was trying for many years to obtain his passport.
Born to a midwife, Mr. Davila encountered complications in applying for and receiving his passport.
Through the help of my constituent caseworker, Ms. Sylvia Segovia, my office worked with the State Department to provide the necessary documents for Mr. Davila to obtain his passport.
My constituent caseworker assisted Eduardo Davila, a Laredo resident, overcome complications in applying for his US passport.
Congratulations, Mr. Davila and thank you for coming to us for help!
Please visit my website
HERE
for more information on the casework services my office can provide.
TX28 Intern Spotlight Section
Susana Dominguez interned in my Washington, DC office where she assisted staff with various legislative projects.
Susana Dominguez is a native of Laredo and a student at American University in Washington, DC.
She is studying International Studies and Economics and hopes to work at the International Criminal Court one day.
Thank you, Susana, for all your hard work!
Read more about her
HERE .
Affordable Care Act Webinars for Small Employers
The Small Business Administration, the Department of Health Human and Services, and Small Business Majority have teamed up for a free weekly webinar series where small employers can learn the basics of the Affordable Care Act and what it means for their organization and employees. Topics covered include cost containment, the Small Business Health Care Tax Credit, the new Health Insurance Marketplace, and Employer Shared Responsibility. Webinar content will generally be the same each week.
Below are the registration links for upcoming webinars in English.
December 4, 2014 at 2 pm ET:
Click to Register
December 11, 2014 at 2 pm ET:
Click to Register
December 18, 2014 at 2 pm ET:
Click to Register
Below are links for webinars in Spanish:
December 2, 2014 at 4 pm ET:
Click to Register
December 16, 2014 at 4 pm ET:
Click to Register
This Week's TX28 Agency Tip
The Federal Drug Administration released this video with information and tips on how to provide the right dose of medicine.
This video from the Federal Drug Administration has a couple of helpful hints on how to get your kids the right dose of medicine with less of a hassle.
Sincerely,
Henry Cuellar
CONNECT
LATEST NEWS
11/15/14: Fox News
"Will executive action scuttle bipartisan immigration reform?"
11/16/14: El Maana
"Insta Cuellar a inscribirse a seguro mdico"
11/17/14: KGNS Pro 8 News
"Cuellar releases latest FBI statistics"
Neighborhood Office Hours
Tuesday, November 25th
Poteet City Hall
474 Avenue H
10am011am
Poteet, TX
Lytle City Hall
14916 Main
12pm-1pm
Lytle, TX
**If you have questions about neighborhood office hours in your community, please call my toll free number at 877-780-0028
NOTE: Please DO NOT respond to this email as this inbox is unattended. To contact my office please
click here
UPDATE SUBSCRIPTION OPTIONS
|
PRIVACY POLICY
|
CONTACT US
Click Here Click Here