
Saturday, November 8, 2014
WEBSITE
|
FORWARD TO A FRIEND
| SHARE ON:
Congressional Report
Dear Friends,
Please take a moment to read my latest updates from this past week.
It was a pleasure meeting with many of you across the 28th District of Texas.
For the latest updates, make sure you are following me on
my Facebook page
or on
my Twitter page .
Affordable Care Act is working for Texans
The
San Antonio Express-News
recently published my column about how the Affordable Care Act is working for Texas. Take a minute to read a snippet of the article below, or
click here
to read it in its entirety.
The area of Texas I represent has some of the highest rates of people without health insurance in the country. Having affordable healthcare coverage provides peace of mind that an illness will not derail your family's financial well-being.
With that financial security, families can spend more, which will benefit the local economy and create more jobs.
Constituent Casework Highlight
Veteran Joseph Pelto was able to get the medication he needed after visiting my Laredo office to seek assistance with a delayed response from the Department of Veterans Affairs.
Veteran Joseph Pelto came into my Laredo office seeking assistance with the Department of Veterans Affairs. He had been waiting for months for a prescription refill. My Constituent Service Representative, Sylvia Segovia, worked on his case right away and was able to make sure Mr. Pelto received his medication from the V.A.
Awards and Medals Returned to WWI Veteran
From left to right: Clarence Westendorf of St. Hedwig visited with my outreach coordinator for Wilson County, Gilbert Lafuente, and thanked him for returning the American Campaign Medal for his friend, 92-year-old WWII veteran Earl E. Robisheaux.
Clarence Westendorf of St. Hedwig, Texas, is a friend of 92-year-old WWII veteran and former First Lieutenant in the U.S. Air Force Earl E. Robisheaux. Robinsheaux's official military personnel record was unfortunately destroyed in a fire in 1973 at the National Personnel Records Center.
Mr. Westerndorf came to my San Antonio District Office seeking to return Mr. Robinsheaux's awards and decorations to him. My Outreach Coordinator for Wilson County, Gilbert Lafuente, worked with the Department of the Air Force to return the American Campaign Medal and other awards for Mr. Robinsheaux who will be officially presented the medal today in Victoria. Mr. Lafuente is pictured here with Mr. Robinsheauxs friend, Mr. Westendorf.
United I.S.D. Hosts Renaissance Fair
My staff stressed the importance of learning through history as a special guest at the United I.S.D. Renaissance Fair in Laredo.
From left to right: Michael Buentello, Outreach Coordinator for Webb, Zapata and La Salle Counties; David R. Canales, Executive Director of Secondary Education and United High School Principal; Griselda Rodriguez, Curriculum and Instruction Assistant; Carmen Pompa, Director of the Bilingual Department; and David H. Gonzalez, Associate Superintendent for Curriculum and Instruction.
The United Independent School District's (U.I.S.D.) Curriculum and Instruction Department coordinated a renaissance fair in Laredo where my Outreach Coordinator for Webb, Zapata and La Salle Counties attended as a special guest and showed support for learning through history.
The fair, coordinated by U.I.S.D. s Curriculum and Instruction Department, explored the cultural and economic impact of medieval European countries through trade during the period of exploration.
Mission's Speer Memorial Library Receives Award
My staff recently presented a Congressional Certificate of Recognition to the City of Mission's Speer Memorial Library who is celebrating a century of service to the community.
My Outreach Coordinator for Starr and Hidalgo Counties, Narda Terrones, presented a Congressional Certificate of Recognition to the City of Missions Speer Memorial Library for 100 years of service to the community and for receiving a Historical Subject Marker by the Texas Historical Commission.
La Esperanza del Rio Groundbreaking in Rio Grande City
My staff attended a groundbreaking ceremony for La Esperanza del Rio, a combined effort project designed to prove new affordable multifamily housing for residents in the Rio Grande City area.
My Southern District Outreach Coordinator, Nichole Hernandez, attended the Groundbreaking Ceremony for La Esperanza del Rio in Rio Grande City. La Esperanza del Rio is a project sponsored by the USDA, Texas Department of Housing and Community Affairs, Casa Linda Development Corporation and all others and will provide many new affordable multifamily housing to the community.
This project is set to be completed by the Fall of 2015 on West Eisenhower Road next to General Sanchez Elementary School in Rio Grande City.
Request a Mortgage Assistance Form
We all fall on hard times. If you own a home and are having trouble making mortgage payment, you may want to request a Mortgage Assistance Form from the U.S. Department of the Treasury.
Watch the video below to see step-by-step instructions on completing a Request for Mortgage Assistance (RMA) form and and other resources for help.
The U.S. Department of the Treasury shows a step-by-step video tutorial on how to fill out a Request for Mortgage Assistance Form.
Intern Spotlight
Austin Martinez, Laredo District Office intern, is currently studying political science at Texas A&amp;M International University in Laredo.
Austin Martinez is a Galveston native and a senior studying political science major at Texas A&amp;M International University in Laredo. He is currently interning at my Laredo District Office and has a keen interest in our nation's political environment. Austin plans to graduate with his bachelor's next year and pursue a master's degree in trade.
Thanks for your help, Austin!
Read more about Austin and other interns at my office by
clicking here.
Sincerely,
CONNECT
LATEST NEWS MENTIONS
11/03/2014 Valley Central News:
"Congressman Calls for investigation into deaths of 3 Americans in Mexico"
11/04/2014:San Antonio Express-News:
"Affordable Care Act is working for Texas"
Neighborhood Office Hours
Tuesday,
November 11th
Elmendorf City Hall
203 Bexar Ave.
9:30am - 10:00am
Elmendorf, TX
Floresville City Hall
1120 D Street
10:30am - 12:00pm
Floresville, TX
La Salle County Offices
(every other month)
Court House Square
1:00pm - 2:30pm
Cotulla, TX
Encinal City Hall
107 N. Tejas
3:00pm - 4:00pm
Encinal, TX
City Hall Conf. Room
2 1/2 Miles, South Farm Rd 2360
8:00am - 9:00am
La Grulla, TX
Ri Grande City, City Hall
101 Washington Street
10:00am - 11:30am
Rio Grande City, TX
Escobares City Hall
4851 East Hwy 83
1:30pm - 2:30pm
Escobares, TX
Roma Community Center
502 6th Street
3:00pm - 4:00pm
Roma, TX
Thursday,
November 13th
St. Hedwig City Hall
13065 FM 1346
9:00am - 10:00am
St. Hedwig, TX
Sutherland Springs
(call for appointment)
10:30am - 11:30am
Sutherland Springs, TX
La Vernia City Hall
102 E. Chihuahua
1:00pm - 2:00pm
La Vernia, TX
El Cenizo City Hall
507 Cadena St.
9:30am - 10:30am
El Cenizo, TX
Rio Bravo City Hall
1701 Centeno Ln.
11:00am - 12:00pm
Rio Bravo, TX
Starr County Warehouse Bldg. Pct. 4
FM 755 (La Gloria)
10:00am - 11:00am
San Isidro, TX
Starr County Self Help Center
10 Mayorga Street
11:30am - 12:30pm
Rio Grande City, TX
(La Casita)
Have a question about neighborhood office hours?
Call my toll free number at 877-780-0028
NOTE: Please DO NOT respond to this email as this inbox is unattended. To contact my office please
click here
UPDATE SUBSCRIPTION OPTIONS
|
PRIVACY POLICY
|
CONTACT US
Click Here Click Here