
Washington Post: Supreme Court allows same-sex marriages in Kansas, setting up possibility of huge ruling on marriage equality
Washington Post:
Supreme Court allows same-sex marriages in Kansas, setting up possibility of huge ruling on marriage equality
Friend -- AMAZING news! The Supreme Court has ruled that Kansas may no longer deny marriage licenses to same-sex couples.
Now the momentum is growing for the justices to declare same-sex marriage constitutional once and for all!
Kansas is the 33rd state that will be required to recognize gay marriages -- another domino in the fight to legalize marriage equality in all 50 states!
But even though they&rsquo;re willing to strike down state bans, the Supreme Court hasn&rsquo;t yet ruled that all gay couples nationwide have a constitutional right to marry. Experts predict that they&rsquo;ll have to take up this issue sooner or later -- and we want them to be on the right side of history!
Add your name: Tell the Supreme Court to extend marriage equality to all Americans! Can we get 100,000 Democrats to show their support?
Your Action History
Last Petition Signed:
N/A
Petition For Marriage Equality:
Signature Pending &gt;&gt;
Democrats are proud to champion marriage equality for all Americans. With your help, we&rsquo;ll keep up the fight until we achieve equal rights for LGBTQ individuals in every state.
Thank you for your support,
DSCC Breaking News
Democratic Senatorial Campaign Committee
P.O. Box 96047
Washington, DC 20090
Paid for by the Democratic Senatorial Campaign Committee, dscc.org,
and not authorized by any candidate or candidate&#39;s committee.
The DSCC is the only organization solely dedicated to supporting Democrats in the U.S. Senate. This message was sent to dj724530@gmail.com because you are a part of the DSCC&rsquo;s grassroots network. Please add us to your address book or approved senders list to make sure you keep receiving DSCC updates.
Emails are a critical way for us to stay in touch with our grassroots supporters. 99% of the DSCC&rsquo;s contributions come from grassroots donors giving less than $200. We also strive to keep you updated on issues related to the Democratic Party&rsquo;s values.
If you&rsquo;d like to stop receiving emails related to this campaign, please
click here .
If you&#39;d like to make a contribution to support us, please
click here . We are already beginning to prepare for the fight ahead &ndash; reclaiming the majority in 2016. It will take every single grassroots supporter, but we know it&rsquo;s possible with your help. If you&rsquo;d like to stop receiving all emails from the DSCC, please
unsubscribe . We greatly appreciate your continued support.
Contributions or gifts to the DSCC are not tax deductible.
