
JOE WILSON
2nd District, South Carolina
ASSISTANT MAJORITY WHIP
COMMITTEES:
ARMED SERVICES
Chairman, Personnel Subcommittee
FOREIGN AFFAIRS
EDUCATION AND THE WORKFORCE
HOUSE REPUBLICAN POLICY
C ONGRESS OF THE
U NITED
S TATES
H OUSE OF
R EPRESENTATIVES
COUNTIES:
AIKEN
BARNWELL
LEXINGTON
ORANGEBURG*
RICHLAND*
* parts of
Dear Friend,
The Administration continues to fumble the football when it comes to implementing effective policies that protect and enhance the lives of American families. From conflicting stances on Ebola to the countless Obamacare broken promises, the Administration is in over its head due to the Presidents lack of focus.
Containing and Preventing an Ebola Outbreak in the United States
There is no doubt that critical attention must be given to West Africa as the affected nations continue to treat thousands who are infected with Ebola. Sadly, the Administration has refused to adopt a comprehensive plan that prevents or contains an outbreak in the United States. The Center for Disease Control, the Department of Defense, and the White House are out of sync with differing Ebola guidelines. On Monday, I joined other Members of Congress in sending a letter to President Obama urging the President to (1) institute a temporary travel ban by immediately restricting travel visas for individuals from the West African countries hardest hit by Ebola, (2) enhance airport screening for all US airports, and (3) institute a mandatory quarantine of individuals who have been in direct contract with the Ebola virus.
These common sense measures must be adopted in order to provide American families the reassurance that they will be protected from a full-fledged Ebola outbreak.
Congress Must to Vote on Immigration Reform
Recent news reports have suggested that President Obama plans to take immigration into his own hands in mid-November by issuing executive orders.
Although what exactly will be included is unknown, providing amnesty to thousands of illegal aliens is irresponsible, dangerous, and ignores the will of the American people.
It concerns me greatly that President Obama would seek to make significant changes to our current immigration system by using executive orders.
Unfortunately, these unilateral decisions that possess the full force of law have become a troubling pattern for President Obama.
There is something to be said for why he is unwilling to have his proposals debated in Congress.
I believe he abuses the intended scope designed for an executive order and I will work to prevent this from happening. I believe that the President needs to enforce current law before he begins to discuss reforming the current system. It is time President Obama focus more of his time and efforts on securing our border, as it has become a matter of national security. To maintain a free society we must respect the Constitution and promote the rule of law.
Obamacare: Round 2
November 15 th
marks the second Obamacare Open Enrollment Period.
Last years implementation was abysmal with a broken website and a botched rollout coupled with countless broken promises. According to a recent Rasmussen poll, 53% of those polled have an unfavorable view of the health care law.
Based upon conversations and correspondence with constituents, I believe that the Presidents Obamacare has caused more harm than good for American families.
As more flaws begin to surface, I am committed to fighting for a full repeal of Obamacare.
This law must be replaced with responsible healthcare alternatives that take the power away from the government and puts decision-making back in the hands of the American patients and physicians. Mothers who pay healthcare premiums and deductibles while stuck in waiting rooms with sick children especially bear the brunt of the failing law.
It is an honor to represent the people of the Second Congressional District of South Carolina.
If I may be of further assistance to you, please do not hesitate to contact me.
Sincerely,
Joe Wilson
Member of Congress
Sign up for Joe Wilson's E-Newsletter!
JOEWILSON.HOUSE.GOV
Click Here
to view this email in your browser
Click Here
to be removed from this list