
Tuesday, November 11, 2014
WEBSITE
|
FORWARD TO A FRIEND
| SHARE ON:
Honoring Americas Veterans
Dear Friends,
We come together on this day to honor our veterans, who rose to the call of duty and have sacrificed so much for our nation.
Through their selfless commitment to service, they have earned our gratitude and our respect.
As the U.S. Representative for New Mexicos 1st District, Im working hard to ensure that our nation fulfills its solemn obligation to our veterans.
I have met with officials and administrators at every level within the Department of Veterans Affairs and at the New Mexico VA Medical Center and have been holding the VA accountable to ensure that veterans are receiving quality, timely care.
I also held a veterans town hall in Albuquerque to hear from veterans directly about their experiences in the VA system.
My office has reached out to many veterans to ensure that they receive the benefits and services they have earned.
I continue to encourage veterans and their families to contact to my office at 505-346-6781 if they are experiencing difficulties navigating the complex VA system.
In Congress, I voted for bipartisan VA reform legislation that will allow qualified veterans to receive treatment from non-VA providers.
The VA has already started sending out Veterans Choice Cards to those eligible for outside treatment; to learn more about this program, visit www.va.gov/opa/choiceact.
I also introduced the Veterans Independent Living Enhancement Act (H.R. 3330), which would remove the arbitrary cap on the number of veterans eligible to participate in the Independent Living Program.
This program provides services to maximize the independence of severely disabled veterans.
On this Veterans Day, let us recommit to our sacred duty to serve our veterans. Just as the military pledges to leave no one behind on the battlefield, we cannot leave any veteran behind when they return home.
I wont stop fighting for reform and accountability at the VA; our veterans deserve nothing less.
To all those who have served and continue to serve our nation, thank you.
Best regards,
Michelle Lujan Grisham
Member of Congress
First District of New Mexico
P.S. Dont forget to
sign up for my e-newsletter
for updates on my work in Congress on behalf of New Mexico. As always, if I can be of any assistance, please do not hesitate to contact my Albuquerque district office at (505) 346-6781.
Share Your Experiences with the New Mexico VA
Please share stories about your negative and positive experiences utilizing the VA in New Mexico
HERE .
Top News
Rep. Lujan Grisham announced that her staff will be holding Mobile Office Hours in the First Congressional District next week...
Read more.
Rep. Lujan Grisham issued the following statement on the agreement between the U.S. Department of Justice and the city of Albuquerque to reform the Albuquerque Police Department...
Read more .
Senators Tom Udall &amp; Martin Heinrich and Rep. Michelle Lujan Grisham announced that the Air Force has awarded a $7.4 million contract to Albuquerques Stellar Science Ltd. Co. to support research and development into directed energy at Kirtland Air Force Base... Read more .
In response to many constituents concerns about the Ebola outbreak in West Africa, weve compiled this guide with information about the virus, what the United States is doing to stop its spread, information on new travel protocols, and what you can do to help... Read more .
NOTE: Please DO NOT respond to this email as this inbox is unattended. To contact my office please
click here
UPDATE SUBSCRIPTION OPTIONS
|
PRIVACY POLICY
|
CONTACT US
Click Here Click Here