
If you are having trouble viewing this
message or would like to share it on a social network, you can
view the message online .
November 07, 2014
Unsubscribe
Update My Profile
Website
|
Meet Rodney
|
11th
District
Services
|
Newsroom
|
Contact
Rodney
e-News 11/7/14
The New
Majoritys Agenda
Now We Can Get Congress
Going
My
Priorities
British Perspective on Terrorists and Social
Media
Salute: Nutley Distinguished Service Medal for
Veterans
Salute:
Womens
Association of Morristown Medical
Center
The New Majoritys Agenda
In
the wake of this weeks historic Congressional elections, the President
hosted the bi-partisan House and Senate Leadership at the White House
today.
In doing so, the President lived up to his Wednesday
statement that What were gonna make sure that we do is to reach out to
Mitch McConnell and John Boehner, who are now running both chambers in
Congress, and find out what their agenda is.
If the
President has any doubt about what their agenda is, he should look no
farther than the Thursday
Wall Street
Journal
editorial page.
There he will find this opinion piece
authored by the Speaker and the incoming Senate Majority
Leader:
"Now We Can Get Congress
Going"
Reform the tax code, redefine full time as working 40 hours a week, move
on the Keystone XL pipelinethere are plenty of tasks
ahead.
By John Boehner and Mitch
McConnell
The Wall Street Journal
Nov. 5,
2014
Americans have entrusted Republicans with control of
both the House and Senate. We are humbled by this opportunity to help
struggling middle-class Americans who are clearly frustrated by an
increasing lack of opportunity, the stagnation of wages, and a government
that seems incapable of performing even basic
tasks.
Looking ahead to the next Congress, we will honor the voters trust
by focusing, first, on jobs and the economy. Among other things, that
means a renewed effort to debate and vote on the many bills that
passed the Republican-led House in recent years with bipartisan support,
but were never even brought to a vote by the Democratic Senate
majority. It also means renewing our commitment to repeal ObamaCare, which is
hurting the job market along with Americans health care.
For years, the House did its job and produced a steady stream
of bills that would remove barriers to job creation and lower energy
costs for families. Many passed with bipartisan supportonly to gather
dust in a Democratic-controlled Senate that kept them from ever
reaching the presidents desk. Senate Republicans also offered legislation
that was denied consideration despite bipartisan support and benefits
for American families and jobs.
These bills
provide an obvious and potentially bipartisan starting point for the new
Congressand, for President
Obama , a chance to begin
the final years of his presidency by taking some steps toward a stronger
economy.
These bills include measures authorizing
the construction of the Keystone XL pipeline, which will mean lower
energy costs for families and more jobs for American workers; the Hire
More Heroes Act, legislation encouraging employers to hire more of our
nations veterans; and a proposal to restore the traditional 40-hour
definition of full-time employment, removing an arbitrary and
destructive government barrier to more hours and better pay created by the
Affordable Care Act of 2010.
Well also consider
legislation to help protect and expand Americas emerging energy boom and
to support innovative charter schools around the
country.
Enacting such measures early in the new session will signal
that the logjam in Washington has been broken, and help to establish a
foundation of certainty and stability that both parties can build
upon.
At a time of growing anxiety for the American
people, with household incomes stubbornly flat and the nation facing
rising threats on multiple fronts, this is vital
work.
Will these bills single-handedly turn around the economy? No. But
taking up bipartisan bills aimed at helping the economy that have
already passed the House is a sensible and obvious first step.
More good ideas aimed at helping the American middle class
will follow. And as we work to persuade others of their merit, we wont
repeat the mistakes made when a different majority ran Congress in the
first years of Barack Obamas presidency, attempting to reshape large
chunks of the nations economy with massive bills that few Americans
have read and fewer understand.
Instead, we will
restore an era in which committees in both the House and Senate conduct
meaningful oversight of federal agencies and develop and debate
legislation; and where members of the minority party in both chambers are
given the opportunity to participate in the process of
governing.
We will oversee a legislature in which bigger isnt
automatically equated with better when it comes to writing and
passing bills.
Our priorities in the 114th Congress
will be your priorities. That means addressing head-on many of the most
pressing challenges facing the country, including:
The insanely complex tax code that is driving American jobs
overseas;
Health costs that continue to rise
under a hopelessly flawed law that Americans have never
supported;
A savage global terrorist threat that seeks to
wage war on every American;
An education system
that denies choice to parents and denies a good education to too many
children;
Excessive regulations and frivolous
lawsuits that are driving up costs for families and preventing the
economy from growing;
An antiquated government
bureaucracy ill-equipped to serve a citizenry facing 21st-century
challenges, from disease control to caring for veterans;
A national debt that has Americans stealing from their children
and grandchildren, robbing them of benefits that they will never see
and leaving them with burdens that will be nearly impossible to
repay.
January will bring the opportunity to
begin anew. Republicans will return the focus to the issues at the top of
your priority list. Your concerns will be our concerns. Thats our
pledge.
The skeptics say nothing will be accomplished
in the next two years. As elected servants of the people, we will
make it our job to prove the skeptics wrong.
Mr.
Boehner (R., Ohio), is the House speaker; Mr. McConnell (R., Ky.) is
currently the Senate minority leader.
My
Priorities
I welcomed the opinion piece written by Speaker
Boehner and Senator McConnell this week.
Its an excellent
starting point for the 114 th
Congress which begins in
January.
I remain as committed to building a smaller, more effective, less
costly, more accountable government in Washington.
But
from my ongoing listening tour of our Congressional District, I know
that my constituents are alarmed that they can no longer trust their
government to carry out its most basic duties:
Keep
their families safe;
Protect our
border;
Maintain quality care for our veterans;
Thats why
I am committed to working with our Senate counterparts to enact a
strong Defense Appropriations bill by the end of the year that will
strengthen our national security, provide our troops with all the resources
they need to complete their mission wherever they are deployed
the
Middle East, Africa or closer to home.
We also should
finish the work we started to pass all 12 appropriations bill to keep
government operations running for our citizens.
At the same
time, we must keep a close eye on Africas Ebola outbreak and sources
of global terrorism and take immediate steps to head off new threats
to our homeland and our people.
I recognize that Congress
and the President have a solemn obligation to work together on issues
that will benefit the American people.
As an optimist, I am
confident that we can start with these priorities and move the
country forward!
British Perspective on Terrorists and
Social Media
Two alarming newspaper exposes this
week in the
New York Times
and the
Financial Times
regarding terrorists use
of the Internet. In the articles, one of Britains highest-ranking
intelligence officials castigated the giant American companies that
dominate the Internet for providing the command-and-control networks of
choice for terrorists and criminals.
Read the
New York Times
article Top British Spy Warns
of Terrorists Use of Social Media
here .
Read Robert Hannigans column in
The
Financial Times
here .
Salute:
Congratulations to all the recipients of
the 2014 Nutley Distinguished Service Medal for Military Veterans Award!
And a heartfelt thank you to all who have served in uniform, and
their families, as we prepare to mark Veterans Day
2014!
Salute:
To the Womens Association of Morristown
Medical Center which recently presented the hospital with $2 million for
the expansion of the Joan and Edward Foley Pediatric Intensive Care
Unit and new Autism Center at Goryeb Childrens
Hospital.
Contact
Information
WASHINGTON, D.C.
2306 Rayburn House Office
Building
Washington, DC 20515-3011
(202) 225-5034
NEW
JERSEY
30 Schuyler Place, Second Floor
Morristown, NJ
07960
(973) 984-0711
Update My Profile
-
Unsubscribe
-
Privacy Policy
gateway mail end
