
If you are
having trouble viewing this message or would like to share it on a social
network, you can
view
the message online .
HOME
ABOUT
CONTACT ME
SERVING YOU
MEDIA CENTER
ISSUES &amp; LEGISLATION
OUR
DISTRICT
November 21, 2014
Dear Friend,
Last night,
President Obama announced his decision to bypass Congress and take
executive action on immigration. Our broken immigration system
desperately needs to be permanently and statutorily fixed. I have long and
actively supported an immigration solution that will secure our border,
strengthen our economy, reduce our debt, create safer communities and
end the de facto amnesty we have today. Thats why Ive
cosponsored
and
introduced
legislation to do
just that and driven this message home among my colleagues on both
sides of the aisle.
The Presidents decision to bypass
Congress and ignore the U.S. Constitution will only further erode trust
and create greater obstacles to a lasting fix. Congress must be involved
in fixing our broken system. His actions last night deal a harsh blow
to our efforts to establish real solutions.
Our focus
this week on the House floor was on a series of key bills designed to
increase transparency at the EPA. I voted for three bills that are now
being sent to the Senate: one designed to reduce delays in
Environmental Protection Agency (EPA) permitting for manufacturers; one to ensure
that the science behind proposed rules and guidance from the EPA is
made available for independent review; and, one to require greater
transparency in the selection process of the EPAs Science Advisory
Board.
Here in the Valley, our farmers have seen the EPAs
overreach, whether its trying to regulate ponds and ditches or standing in
the way of ag and manufacturing job creation. The politicized EPA has
been responsible for far too many delays and breaches of the public
trust. The bills I voted for this week are common-sense solutions that
force the EPA to provide you with clear and transparent
information.
Im sure many of you have heard Senator Feinsteins
announcement that shes giving up on trying to pass water legislation this
year.
While its discouraging, the horrific drought the Valley
faces doesnt allow for further delay. I will continue to work with my
colleagues in the House to increase supplies, build new storage and
improve the regulatory environment our water systems rely upon to make
the best use of our limited supplies. This crisis demands we work until
a solution is at hand and I pledge to continue to do so with anyone
willing.
Yesterday I met with Ted and Bonnie Elness, who traveled from
Hughson to D.C. to attend the Friends Committee on National Legislations
Quaker Public Policy
Institute.
I also met with Anthony Foxx, the Secretary of Transportation, on
Wednesday to discuss ways we can work together on transportation and
rail issues presently at hand and in the next Congress. I appreciate the
Secretarys efforts to find common ground.
Wishing you
and your family a happy Thanksgiving!
JEFF
DENHAM
Do you support the Presidents executive action on
immigration?
Yes No Have you had any trouble during
the open enrollment period finding a health insurance plan for you and
your family? Yes No If yes, please
describe the issue. *By answering
this survey, you are subscribing to my newsletter. If you
are having trouble, click here.
E-mail Updates
Yes, please
periodically send me e-mail updates.*
*By subscribing to my
e-mail updates, you are
authorizing me to send regular e-mail updates from my office to your e-mail
account.
DC office:
1730 Longworth
HOB
Washington, DC
20515
P: 202-225-4540
F: 202-225-3402
Modesto Office:
4701 Sisk Road,
Suite 202
Modesto, CA 95356
P: 209-579-5458
F:
209-579-5028
Unsubscribe
|
Update My
Profile
|
Privacy Policy
gateway mail end
