
If you are having trouble
viewing this message or would like to share it on a social network, you
can
view the message
online .
HOME
CONTACT US
ISSUES
LEGISLATION
December 07, 2014
Dear David,
Earlier this month, President Obama announced his executive order
to unilaterally provide millions of unlawful immigrants with
protection from deportation and work permits. Not only do I disagree with the
Presidents plan for immigration reform, but I also believe his
methods do not reflect the Constitutional design of separation of powers. To
hear more of my thoughts, you can view my floor speech addressing the
President's amnesty plan
here .
I have
and will continue to work with my colleagues in Congress to challenge
to the Presidents unlawful action. As we weigh various courses of
action, I am eager to hear your thoughts on the matter. I am honored to
represent your voice in DC, and want my actions to reflect your
perspective. Please take a moment to share your thoughts with me in the survey
below. To follow me throughout the week, stay in touch with me on
my Facebook
page as
well!
Sincerely,
This Week in D.C.
Last Wednesday I was
pleased to vote for a measure which I have proudly cosponsored:
H.R. 647 , the Achieving a Better Life
Experience Act (the ABLE Act). The measure allows individuals with
disabilities to create tax-free savings accounts for qualified expenses such
as medical, post-secondary education, housing, and transportation. A
program that states can choose to opt into and maintain, it brightens
the future and levels the playing field for those who face
significant, unmerited challenges in life by giving them the chance to live and
work independently.
Backed by more than half of Congress with 380
House co-sponsors and 74 Senate cosponsors, this measure shows that
common sense conservative solutions can be accomplished with bipartisan
support.
Rep. LaMalfa attends the 50th U.S. Capitol Christmas Tree Lighting
Ceremony on the West Steps of the U.S. Capitol with members of his
staff.
Christmas has
come to the Capitol! This week, Congress celebrated the lighting of the
50 th
Capitol Christmas Tree.
It warmed my heart to
see Congressmembers, staff, and citizens put aside their differences to
celebrate the transcendent importance of Christmas. The first U.S.
Capitol Christmas Tree dates back to 1964 when J. George Stewart,
Architect of the Capitol, at the suggestion of House Speaker John W.
McCormack, established the yearly tradition of decorating a tree on the West
Front Lawn. Since 1970, the U.S. Forest Service has provided the
Capitol Christmas Tree. This years tree is an 88ft white spruce from the
Chippewa National Forest in Minnesota. May you and your loved ones
experience joy and peace as you enter the Christmas season!
Share Your Thoughts Which statement best articulates your thoughts on the Presidents
executive order? I
am opposed to the content of the executive actionamnesty is a threat
to our rule of law. Regardless of the specifics of immigration policy content of the
executive action, I am opposed to the President creating law through
executive order. I am in agreement with the action the President has taken. Congress
has failed to act, and it is time the President step up to the plate.
Need More
Information. What
do you believe Congresss response should be? Congress should use the power of the
purse to prevent the implementation of Obamas executive action.
Congress should
file a lawsuit against the President seeking to block implementation of
the executive order.
Congress should wait until the 114th Congress and then pass a
comprehensive immigration reform bill.
Congress should follow the Presidents
leadership in this area, and should facilitate the implementation of his
executive order.
Need More Information. When considering improving our immigration system, what
principle is the most important to you? Securing the borders Streamlining the process for legal
entry A larger guest
worker program
Effective mechanisms for deportation
Need More Information. Do you have any additional
thoughts or concerns? *By
answering this survey, you are subscribing to my newsletter. If
you are having trouble, click here.
Wasteful Government Spending Item of the
Week
ANIMA:
Accelerometer Network Integrator for Mobile
Animals
Cost
$855,758.00
Agency
National Science
Foundation
Summary
This grant
teaches captive mountain lions how to use a treadmill in order to
establish baselines for aerobic activity, It is intended to discover that the
cats are power animals, with a slow routine walking speed and then a
burst of speed to pounce and overpower their
prey.
Reason for
Funding
If successful, the project will produce major
technological advancement for the scientific study, monitoring, and management
of a wide range of
mammals.
Source
National Science
Foundation
E-mail Updates
Yes, please periodically send me e-mail
updates.*
*By subscribing
to my
e-mail updates, you are authorizing me to send regular
e-mail updates from my office to your e-mail account.
Share on
Facebook
Tell a Friend
E-mail:
Washington D.C. Office
506 Cannon HOB
Washington, DC 20515
Phone:
202-225-3076
Fax: (202) 226-0552
Oroville
District Office
1453 Downer Street,Suite A
Oroville, CA 95965
Phone: (530) 534-7100
Fax: (530) 534-7800
Redding District
Office
2885 Churn Creek Rd.,
Suite C
Redding, CA 96002
Phone:
(530) 223-5898
Fax: (530) 605-4339
Auburn
District Office
13626 New Airport Rd.,
Ste
106
Auburn, CA 95602
Phone: (530) 878-5035
Fax: (530)
878-5037
Unsubscribe
|
Update My Profile
|
Privacy Policy
gateway mail end 