DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.0 Transitional//EN" "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml1/DTD/xhtml1-transitional.dtd"
District Update | November 11, 2014
Click here
if you have trouble viewing this email
Dear Friends,
After spending over 200 days in a Mexican prison, Marine Sgt. Andrew Tahmooressi was finally released last month. He's home with his family preparing to begin treatment for the PTSD he acquired while twice serving honorably on the battlefields of Afghanistan. I was in San Diego with his mother, Jill, to
greet Andrew when he arrived on American soil .
I am grateful to have had the opportunity to travel to Mexico to visit Andrew earlier this year at his prison in Tecate. I assured him then that his service to our country would be honored by our unwavering commitment to see his case resolved. His ordeal in Mexico is over, but our work supporting and advocating for all our veterans suffering from the physical and psychological wounds of war must continue.
Andrew Tahmooressi is a young Marine sergeant regarded by the fellow Marines with whom he served on the front lines in Afghanistan as unwavering and courageous. While in Afghanistan, Andrew suffered physical injuries as a result of an IED explosion, as well as serious psychological injuries in the form of combat PTSD.
This diagnosis was confirmed by the San Diego Veterans Affairs hospital less than ten days prior to his arrest at the Mexican border on charges of weapons possession. This confirmed that Andrews brave service to his country resulted in his suffering hyper-vigilance, memory and cognition lapses and depression.
When I learned that Andrews PTSD had worsened while jailed in the overcrowded and dangerous La Mesa Penitentiary in Tijuana, it was clear to me this Marine
needed to come home immediately
to receive the specialized treatment he needed. This was confirmed even after he had been moved to better conditions.
Last month, the House Foreign Affairs Committee held a hearing entitled Sgt. Andrew Tahmooressi: Our Marine in Mexican Custody to bring attention to his plight, but also to bring much needed focus on the importance of caring for our veterans, wherever they are, when they return from the battlefield.
Among the panel of witnesses that included Andrews mother and Sgt. Robert Buchanan, Andrews friend and brother in arms, was Peter Hegseth, the CEO of Concerned Veterans for America. In his testimony, Mr. Hegseth, himself a combat veteran, told my committee: Let me assure you, Post Traumatic Stress
or PTS
is real. And, left untreated
especially for those who partook in the horrors of warit can be debilitating, and can develop into a life-long disorder. And it can also be deadly. Twenty-two veterans each day in America take their life
and countless more struggle in silence.
My bottom line, he went on to say, to this committee and the Mexican government is this: Sergeant Tahmooressi needs, and deserves, immediate treatment for his Post Traumatic Stress so that he can move on with his life. Shame on anyone, at home or abroad, who does not move heaven and earth to ensure that those who [have] given so much receive the care they deserve.
And that was my bottom line, too, which led me to call and press the Mexican Attorney General for Andrews release.
When we commit the brave men and women of our Armed Forces, like Sgt. Tahmooressi, to combat, we must be committed to supporting and protecting them when they return. My efforts to help Sgt. Tahmooressis release from Mexico were borne from my belief that the U.S. must honor its veterans; we must fight for them when the Veterans Affairs Administration wont; we must fight for them when they are looking to translate military service into civilian employment; and we must fight for them to heal their physical and psychological injuries.
We must and we will continue standing by our brave veterans . Theres no day like Veterans Day to better remember that.
Sincerely,
Representative Ed Royce
Team Royce Seeks Spring 2015 Interns
Rep. Royce's D.C., Brea, and Rowland Heights offices offer internship opportunities for college students and recent graduates. Interns complete legislative research, attend Congressional hearings or events in the district, answer phones, read mail, and much more. All three offices are currently accepting applications for
Spring 2015 , apply
here .
Thank You To CA-39
I am deeply humbled by the trust and confidence of the people of California's 39th Congressional District. Thank you for choosing to return me to our nation's capital on your behalf. I pride myself on being a responsive, constructive, and inclusive public servant, and I will keep that up.
I look forward to continuing my work on legislation related to education, transportation, and growing economic opportunity for all Americans. As Chairman of the House Foreign Affairs Committee, my priority is ensuring America's interests are protected around the world and that our homeland is secure.
It is an honor to represent you and I will continue to pursue common sense solutions to our country's challenges. The United States of America is the greatest nation on the face of the earth, and I'm optimistic about our future.
Chairman Royce Pushes for West Africa Visa Ban
As Chairman of the House Foreign Affairs Committee, I issued the following statement after the President's appointment of an Ebola czar:
Given the mounting failings in the Obama Administrations response to the Ebola outbreak, it is right that the President has sought to task a single individual to coordinate its response.
But I have to ask why the President didnt pick an individual with a noteworthy infectious disease or public health background?
Given the severity of this threat, Ive called for the President to immediately suspend the issuance of visas for non-U.S. nationals in Guinea, Liberia, and Sierra Leone, the West Africa countries most impacted by the Ebola outbreak. Taking a time out on travel to the U.S. by these individuals - who arent part of the health crisis response - is a prudent step.
In a
letter
to Secretary of State John Kerry calling on the State Department to immediately suspend the issuance of visas for non-U.S. nationals in Guinea, Liberia, and Sierra Leone, I wrote:
Given the critical need to contain this disease at its source, I was surprised that the Department of State has not already exercised its authority to suspend consular services, which is standard procedure in countries experiencing a major security disruption.
This would be a prudent measure to mitigate the risk of Ebola exposure and contain its spread
a bedrock principal of health crisis management.
CONNECT
Facebook
Youtube
ORANGE COUNTY OFFICE
210 W. Birch Street, Ste 201
Brea, CA 92821
T (714) 255-0101
LOS ANGELES COUNTY OFFICE
1380 S. Fullerton Road, Suite 205
Rowland Heights, CA 91748
T (626) 964-5123
WASHINGTON, DC OFFICE
2185 Rayburn House Office Building
Washington, DC 20515
T (202) 225-4111
UPDATE SUBSCRIPTION OPTIONS
|
PRIVACY POLICY
|
CONTACT US
Click Here Click Here