
Immigration Resources &amp;
November in Review
Dear Friend,
I hope you enjoyed the Thanksgiving holiday.
As you may be aware, President Obama recently announced executive action to temporarily protect several categories of long-term resident immigrants from deportation.
I wanted to share information with you about resources available for accurate information about this executive action, and warn immigrants to be careful and protect themselves from scam artists.
Ive written this in both English and Spanish, and I encourage you to circulate it to any relatives, friends, or neighbors who might be impacted by this news.
Espero que hayan disfrutado el Da de Accin de Gracias.
Como probablemente han odo, el presidente Obama anunci recientemente la accin ejecutiva para proteger temporalmente a varias categoras de inmigrantes de deportacin.
Quera compartir con ustedes informacin acerca de los recursos disponibles para obtener informacin precisa sobre esta accin ejecutiva y advertir a los inmigrantes que tengan cuidado y se protejan contra estafadores.
Esta informacin est en Ingls y Espaol, y le animo a que la comparta con sus parientes, amigos o vecinos que puedan verse afectados por esta noticia.
Immigration Executive Action:
For detailed information about which immigrants qualify for relief under President Obamas new executive action, please visit
http://www.uscis.gov/immigrationaction .
If you or a loved one qualifies for protection, please be sure to apply through an attorney or an accredited representative.
Make sure to avoid unaccredited scam artists who may try to charge you thousands of dollars for assistance that never arrives.
You can read about how to avoid these scam artists at
http://www.uscis.gov/avoid-scams , and you can find information about legal representatives who can help you complete an application at
http://www.uscis.gov/avoid-scams/find-legal-services .
You can also contact the NALEO Educational Funds administrative relief hotline at (844) 411-iAMERICA (844-411-4263).
This hotline offers bilingual information about this executive action and legal assistance services in your area.
Accin Ejecutiva Sobre Inmigracin:
Para obtener informacin detallada sobre cuales inmigrantes tienen derecho a ayuda bajo esta nueva accin ejecutiva del presidente Obama, por favor visite
http://www.uscis.gov/es/accionmigratoria .
Si usted o un ser querido califica para la proteccin, por favor asegrese de aplicar a travs de un abogado o un representante acreditado.
Asegrese de evitar los estafadores que pueden tratar de cobrar miles de dlares por ayuda que nunca llega.
Usted puede leer acerca de cmo evitar estos estafadores en
http://www.uscis.gov/es/eviteestafas , y puede encontrar informacin sobre los representantes legales, quienes pueden ayudarle a completar una solicitud en
http://www.uscis.gov/es/evite-estafas/encuentre-servicios-legales .
Tambin puede contactar a la lnea de alivio administrativo del Fondo Educativo de NALEO al (844) 411-iAMERICA (844-411-4263).
Esta lnea ofrece informacin bilinge acerca de esta accin ejecutiva y los servicios de asistencia legal en su rea.
November in Review:
Next, I wanted to tell you about some of the things Ive been working on this past month.
I hope you find this informative, and I look forward to seeing you in the District or Washington, DC.
At Work in Los Angeles:
I was privileged to take part in a Help the Children event in Bell, at which the organization worked with The Home Depot to provide donated home improvement products to local veterans.
I helped open the Vernon-Central/Trade-Tech Worksource Center at L.A. Trade-Technical College.
Drawing on resources from the federal, state, and local government, as well as help from nonprofits, businesses, and educational institutions, the center will serve as a one-stop location for job seekers and businesses that are looking for skilled workers.
I hosted Community Office Hours at the Florence-Firestone Senior Center.
My caseworker Nancy Lira provided an overview of the inquiries my office can submit on behalf of my 40th District constituents.
You can always visit my website ( https://roybal-allard.house.gov/constituentservices/casework ) or call my office (323-721-8790) for information about the services my office can offer.
I met with James Villeneuve, Canadas Consul General for Southern California.
We discussed opportunities to grow the very productive partnership between our respective nations, and especially the partnership between California and Canada.
Our discussion covered many areas of mutual interest, including job creation, economic competitiveness, innovation, and energy.
I attended the grand opening of Skin First Spa in Downey.
I was glad to help welcome this wonderful new business to the Downey community, and to present its owner with a Certificate of Congressional Recognition.
I attended the YMCAs second annual Viva La Fiesta event at La Alameda in Walnut Park.
I helped celebrate Inner-City Arts 25th anniversary at an event at Ace Hotel Downtown Los Angeles.
Inner-City Arts campus in Downtown L.A. houses studios and performance spaces where professional artists can provide arts education to K-12 students.
Arts instruction is a critical part of a well-rounded education, and I am very glad Inner-City Arts has worked so hard over the past 25 years to bring this important knowledge to L.A.s youth.
I spoke about my hard work to reduce health disparities at the National Conference on Health Disparities in Long Beach.
My colleagues, Congresswoman Grace Napolitano and Congressman G. K. Butterfield, joined me for a discussion about health care and differences in the quality of care provided to different populations.
At Work in Washington, DC:
At a White House ceremony, I accepted the Presidential Medal of Freedom from President Barack Obama on behalf of my late father, former Congressman Edward R. Roybal.
My family and I are tremendously grateful for this recognition of my father, and this celebration of his accomplishments.
My father worked hard to improve the lives of Latinos and all Americans.
By founding the Congressional Hispanic Caucus and the National Association of Latino Elected Officials, he played a pivotal role in uniting Latinos to give them a strong and powerful political voice, and in training subsequent generations of Latino leaders.
He also had a deep appreciation for the valuable role the federal government plays in supporting individuals and communities.
That is why he fought to improve our nations health care and education systems, and why he spoke out for the rights of the downtrodden and disenfranchised.
We hope this recognition will inspire a new generation of young people to learn about our fathers life and legacy, and emulate his activist spirit and his belief in governments power as a force for good.
You can watch the full ceremony at
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=60mECbQJ6TY .
President Obama pays tribute to my father at the videos 50-second mark, and I accept my fathers medal from the President at 34 minutes and 16 seconds.
On the day of the Medal of Freedom ceremony, I wrote an opinion piece for The Hill newspaper about what my father would think of President Obamas recent executive action on immigration:
http://thehill.com/blogs/congress-blog/the-administration/225092-what-would-my-father-think-of-obamas-executive-action
As Chair of the Congressional Womens Working Group on Immigration Reform, I led a press conference with mothers of DREAMers who have been fasting outside of the White House to urge the President to protect all immigrants with deep ties to the United States from deportation, including the parents of DREAMers.
Congresswoman Zoe Lofgren, Congresswoman Dina Titus, United We Dream, DREAMers MOMS USA, and We Belong Together joined me for this event.
I received an award from the National Latina Institute for Reproductive Health in recognition of my introduction of this years Health Equity and Accountability Act (HEAA), which provides a blueprint for eliminating health disparities and improving health outcomes in all populations, regardless of race, ethnicity, immigration status, age, ability, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity or English proficiency.
The Latina Institute was a valuable partner throughout the re-drafting and introduction process, as were my colleagues in the Congressional Tri-Caucus, and the more than 350 advocacy organizations comprising the HEAA Working Group. I look forward to continuing to fight for HEAA and its principles during the rest of this Congress, and in the new Congress next year.
Legislation and Letters Supported:
I signed a bipartisan Congressional letter to the U.S. Olympic Committee in support of bringing the 2024 Summer Olympic Games to Los Angeles.
Having hosted two Summer Olympic Games in 1932 and 1984, as well as the 1991 Olympic Sports Festival, Los Angeles is uniquely qualified to host the Games of the 33rd Olympiad.
Our city and region have proven their ability to host successful and memorable Olympic Games, and I am proud to support the citys bid to host our third Summer Olympics. You can read the letter at
http://roybal-allard.house.gov/news/documentsingle.aspx?DocumentID=397760 .
I led the writing of a letter to Homeland Security Sec. Johnson calling for an independent investigation into allegations of sexual abuse of detained immigrant mothers at a contract detention center in Karnes County, Texas.
Its tragic and completely unacceptable that women who fled their homes to escape sexual assault and domestic violence have suffered abuse in our governments custody.
You can read our letter at
https://roybal-allard.house.gov/news/documentsingle.aspx?DocumentID=397763 .
Sincerely,
Washington, DC Office
2330 Rayburn HOB
Washington, DC 20515
Phone: (202) 225-1766
Fax: (202) 226-0350
District Office
500 Citadel Drive, Suite 320
Commerce, CA 90040
Phone: (323) 721-8790
Fax: (323) 721-8789
WEBSITE
|
UNSUBSCRIBE
|
CONTACT
Click Here Click Here