Copyright (c) 1996-2014 Constant Contact. All rights reserved.
Except as permitted under a separate
written agreement with Constant Contact, neither the Constant Contact software, nor any content that appears on any Constant Contact site,
including but not limited to, web pages, newsletters, or templates may be reproduced, republished, repurposed, or distributed without the
prior written permission of Constant Contact.
For inquiries regarding reproduction or distribution of any Constant Contact material, please
contact legal@constantcontact.com.
Mike Kelly's Weekly E-Newsletter
November 22, 2014
Follow me on Twitter!
Visit my YouTube page!
Click here to subscribe to my weekly
E-newsletter
My Offices
ERIE DISTRICT OFFICE 208 E. Bayfront Parkway Suite 102 Erie, PA 16507 Phone: (814) 454-8190 Fax: (814) 454-8197
BUTLER DISTRICT OFFICE
101 East Diamond St Suite 218 Butler, PA
16001 Phone: (724) 282-2557
Fax: (724) 282-3682
SHARON DISTRICT OFFICE
33 Chestnut Street Sharon, PA
16146 Phone: (724) 342-7170 Fax: (724) 342-7242
WASHINGTON, DC OFFICE
1519 Longworth HOB Washington, DC 20515 Phone: (202) 225-5406 Fax: (202) 225-3103
CRAWFORD COUNTY OFFICE Every Wednesday 9:00 a.m. - 4:00 p.m. 908 Diamond Park Meadville, PA 16335
ARMSTRONG COUNTY OFFICE
Every Thursday 9:00 a.m. - 4:00 p.m. 300 South McKean Street Kittanning, PA 16201
LAWRENCE COUNTY
Every Friday 9:00 a.m. - 4: 00 p.m. Lawrence County Courthouse 430 Court Street New Castle, PA
16101
Dear Friend,
I have always believed that we are fortunate to live in a region blessed with all the necessary tools to become a leader in our nation's economic renaissance. W ith the right strategy and right leadership, I believe the commonwealth of Pennsylvania and our great nation can not just survive but thrive.
Pennsylvania is rich in energy history, having developed the first commercial oil well along with the coal mines that fueled the industrial revolution. In the 21st century, we are once again a leader in energy development claiming the world's second largest energy field. We are a leader at harnessing our God-given resources both above and below the ground. We are second in natural gas production, second in nuclear generation, fourth in coal production, ninth in solar capacity, fifteenth in wind capacity, and nineteenth in crude oil production. These resources, in conjunction with our manufacturing infrastructure, position Pennsylvania as a keystone in harnessing our national energy potential and developing ours as the world's next great emerging economy.
It is essential that elected officials understand that an "all-of-the-above" energy strategy must also embrace all that is beneath our feet. It is equally important that we continue to harvest these resources safely and responsibly. Only by doing so can we create opportunities for family-sustaining jobs, bring energy costs down, power a domestic manufacturing renaissance, and ensure our energy independence from nefarious foreign governments.
Western Pennsylvania has been known as the heart of the rustbelt for a long time, but with government's heavy hand out of the way, we can also be the heart of America's economic resurgence.
Sincerely,
Rep. Kelly Hails National Park Service Support for Washington's Trail - 1753
On Tuesday, Rep.
Kelly issued the following statement in praise of the National Park Service's (NPS) decision to provide assistance to
Washington's Trail - 1753
through the NPS Rivers, Trails, and Conservation Assistance (RTCA) Program. Washington's Trail - 1753 runs through six congressional districts in Pennsylvania, including the Third District.
"I am very pleased with NPS's announcement and glad to see Washington's Trail 1753 receive the support it so much deserves. The trail is a revered historic route that connects Western Pennsylvanians to our country's fascinating 18th century heritage and commemorates young George Washington's first military and diplomatic venture, marking the eventual beginning of the French and Indian War. These types of projects can take years to finalize, so securing this new assistance will help the Washington's Trail Committee move forward in the planning stages of connecting Washington's route from Williamsburg, Virginia to Fort LeBoeuf in Pennsylvania."
NOTE:
On July 30, 2014, Rep. Kelly sent a letter to the National Park Service in support of the grant application submitted by Washington's Trail - 1753 for Community Assistance through the RTCA program. The letter, along with three other letters in support of the project (including one to the Honorable Martin O'Brien, Chairman of Washington's Trail - 1753),
can be viewed here .
According to
NPS.gov , "The National Park Service Rivers, Trails, and Conservation Assistance program extends and expands the benefits of the National Park Service throughout the nation. Through this program, the NPS helps connect all Americans to their parks, trails, rivers, and other special places."
For more information about Washington's Trail - 1753,
click here .
Rep. Kelly Introduces Defending Internet Freedom Act of 2014
Bill would protect Internet from foreign government control
Rep. Kelly issued the following statement on Wednesday after introducing
H.R. 5737 , the Defending Internet Freedom Act of 2014. The legislation would prevent the Obama administration, or that of any future president, from relinquishing the critical functions of the Internet - currently stewarded by the United States - to any other entity without enhanced congressional oversight and until explicit, freedom-protecting
requirements
are met. It is being co-sponsored by House Homeland Security Committee Chairman Michael McCaul (R-TX), who also serves as chairman and co-founder of the Congressional High Tech Caucus. Statement by Rep. Kelly:
"Preserving Internet freedom is an American duty. The requirements within this bill will guarantee that the Internet remains unchained and out of the grasp of bad actors and hostile powers that actively limit freedom.
"It is no coincidence that the Internet has been able to safely flourish beyond anyone's imagination under the stewardship of a nation devoted to democratic principles. These principles - American principles - are indispensable to the free flow of information online, which benefits billions of citizens worldwide. Therefore, our stewardship must never be surrendered to an entity that does not venerate liberty and openness as we do. Whether the Obama administration understands it or not, America has strong interests in ensuring that freedom of speech and commerce remain maximally protected on the Internet for people everywhere, now and into the future."
Endorsements & praise for the Defending Internet Freedom Act of 2014:
Jay Sekulow, Chief Counsel, American Center for Law and Justice :
"Nowhere have the power of free speech and the importance of our First Amendment been more evident than in the revolutionary growth of the Internet. Preserving the free and open nature of this exchange is absolutely critical. Congressman Mike Kelly is to be commended for his thoughtful legislation that would ensure the continued freedom and success of the world's most powerful information technology."
Frank J. Gaffney, Jr., President & CEO, Center for Security Policy :
"The Obama administration's abdication of long-standing, exclusive U.S. oversight over ICANN constitutes a threat both to American foreign policy interests and to American First Amendment freedoms.
Although it is our view that such a transfer must not take place - and that a requirement for explicit authorization from Congress is the most effective check on such a move - the Defending Internet Freedom Act imposes at least some measure of congressional oversight over this reckless decision by requiring President Obama to certify to the people's elected representatives in Congress, based on several criteria, that any proposed alternative arrangement regarding Internet governance does not jeopardize American sovereignty or security."
Eagle Forum :
"The Internet has flourished as a forum for open discourse and commerce thanks to American oversight. Surrendering control would only benefit those who think the Internet is too free and too open. Rep. Kelly's bill ensures that the Obama administration won't be able to forfeit America's crucial role as guardian of Internet freedom."
The Heritage Foundation :
"In short, the Internet is too important for the announced transition to occur in a manner that threatens the freedom or vitality of the Internet. Thankfully, there are some Members of Congress who are paying attention to this critical issue. The most recent contribution is the Defending Internet Freedom Act of 2014 introduced by Representative Mike Kelly (R-PA)."
BACKGROUND:
On March 14, 2014, the Obama administration
announced
that it will not renew the National Telecommunications and Information Administration's (NTIA) contract with the Internet Corporation for Assigned Names and Numbers (ICANN), thereby turning over stewardship of the Internet's crucial functions to "the global multistakeholder community."
According to media expert Gordon Crovitz, writing in
The Wall Street Journal , "Russia, China and other authoritarian governments have already been working to redesign the Internet more to their liking, and now they will no doubt leap to fill the power vacuum caused by America's unilateral retreat."
On June 11, 2014, Rep. Kelly authored a guest op-ed for
Red Alert Politics
describing the stakes of surrendering American stewardship of the Internet to a multinational body or any other entity. The op-ed can be read
here .
On July 15, 2014, Rep. Kelly hosted a policy briefing on Capitol Hill on the future of Internet governance in light of the Obama administration's announcement. The hearing was attended by dozens of Congressional staffers and featured professional analysis by three field experts. Read more about the briefing
here .
Rep. Kelly & Sen. Rubio Introduce the Keeping American Safe from Ebola Act
Legislation crafted after conversation with Dr. Peter Piot,
disease expert & discoverer of Ebola virus
WATCH HERE
On Thursday, Rep. Kelly delivered remarks on the floor of the House of Representatives after introducing
H.R. 5746 ,
the Keeping America Safe from Ebola Act . The bill would prohibit an alien who is a national of a country with a widespread Ebola virus outbreak from obtaining a visa to enter the United States. The Senate companion of this legislation was also introduced that day by U.S. Senator Marco Rubio (R-FL). Highlights of floor speech by Rep. Kelly:
"My friends, there is truly no time to lose. The vaccine, I'm told, is...available to us. But it's not just Ebola I'm worried about, and it's not just this country I'm worried about, and it's not just Ebola that the world should worry about. It is what is coming. Believe me-we have not seen the end of infectious disease. We have not seen the end of lethal viruses that will cripple us as a nation and could become the weapon for bioterrorists that would use it at any cost, without any regard to human life."
"We have the ability, right now, within our hands, within our grasp, to develop a vaccine in order to defeat this horrible virus. All that I would ask is that we come together in this House, the American people's House - not a Republican House, not a Democrat House, but the American people's House - to once again conquer a disease that could infect not only our own American citizens but citizens of the world."
Statement by Sen. Rubio:
"Imposing travel restrictions is a common sense approach to protecting Americans from Ebola. Over the past few months, we've seen Ebola's deadly reach, and air travel has proven to be its gateway to the United States. A temporary visa ban aims to limit the spread of Ebola by placing strict limitations on travel to the U.S. from Ebola-affected countries and protect Americans from any potential threats of an outbreak, but it does not mean that our efforts to combat the virus will stop there. America must remain committed to this international challenge by addressing it at its source and increasing our assistance to countries that continue struggling to contain this deadly outbreak. America will not be completely safe from Ebola until the virus is contained at its source."
NOTE:
The Keeping America Safe from Ebola Act of 2014 accomplishes the following: Suspends
new visas and revokes current visas of an individual who is: A
permanent resident or national of a country that the CDC has certified is
a country for "widespread transmission of Ebola", and Whose
last habitual residence was a country that the CDC has certified is a
country for "widespread transmission of Ebola" Exceptions
include:
Aid
workers who need to travel the U.S. and are approved by USAID Foreign
military who need to travel to the U.S. and are approved by Department of
Defense Requires
the President to report to Congress every 30 days on the Ebola outbreak:
Status
of Ebola outbreak in each designated country and the progress made since
last reporting period A
description of the U.S. assistance to each designated country Reasons
that a complete travel ban is not in the interest of U.S. national
security Termination
of Act: 60 days after the date the Director of the CDC certified that
there is no longer an Ebola outbreak BACKGROUND:
On October 7, 2014, Rep. Kelly sent
a letter
to President Obama urgently requesting information regarding the administration's handling of the Ebola virus outbreak and details of a comprehensive strategy to stop the virus from affecting Americans. A copy of the letter can be viewed
here .
On October 8, 2014, Rep. Kelly co-signed
a bipartisan letter
to President Obama urging him to take immediate action to prevent an outbreak of the Ebola virus in America by instituting travel restrictions, enhancing airport screenings, and possibly quarantining individuals who have traveled to or from the affected West African countries. The letter can be viewed
here .
On October 9, 2014, Rep. Kelly sent
a letter
to the Secretary of the U.S. Department of Health and Human Services (HHS), Sylvia Burwell, and the Director of the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention (CDC), Tom Frieden, expressing his deep concern about the possibility of the Ebola virus spreading to Pennsylvania. The letter was copied to Pennsylvania Governor Tom Corbett, and can be read
here .
On October 20, 2014, Rep. Kelly
called on President Obama
to finalize
a rule proposed under the Bush administration
in 2005 to update and revise regulations by the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention (CDC) to "prevent the introduction, transmission or spread of communicable diseases from foreign countries into the United States from one State or possession into another." According to
the federal register , the code of federal regulations that deals with foreign arrivals has not been updated since 1985. According to
USA Today , the Obama administration scrapped the proposal in 2010 after objections by the American Civil Liberties Union over "potential passenger privacy rights violations and the proposal's 'provisional quarantine' rule."
On October 21, 2014, Rep. Kelly held a phone conversation with Dr. Peter Piot, who first discovered the Ebola virus in 1976 in the Republic of Congo, about necessary action to stop the virus and protect American citizens. The Keeping America Safe from Ebola Act was crafted as a result of their discussion.
Rep. Kelly Condemns President Obama's Unilateral Action on Immigration
Rep. Kelly issued the following statement yesterday in response to President Obama's unilateral action on immigration.
"Last night's announcement by the president was 100 percent about politics, not about the best interests of the nation he's supposed to serve. Unilaterally granting amnesty to 5 million illegal immigrants is not just a slap in the face to the millions of people waiting in line to come here legally, but also to our constitutional system. It sets a dangerous precedent that reduces Congress to a merely ceremonial institution. If this action was truly so urgent, then President Obama would have pushed it through the lawful legislative process when his party controlled both chambers of Congress. Instead, he did nothing because he knew the American people simply do not want this. In fact,
on
at least 22 previous occasions
the president himself denounced the sort of executive overreach that he is now committing.
"President Obama's repeated justification that 'Congress won't act' is not just pathetic and erroneous, but also chilling. It's the sort of excuse one hears from a power-grabbing autocrat, not an American president. In our system of government, Congress makes the laws and the president enforces them -- period. Having once been a constitutional law professor, it's stunning that President Obama refuses to understand this. Even when the House and Senate act - or don't act - in a way that the president disagrees with, it doesn't change the fact that the legislative branch - not the executive branch - is where our laws are created. President Obama has no right to act like a king just because democracy doesn't always go his way.
"I stand with my colleagues in the House of Representatives in complete objection to this radical overreach and am ready to support whatever action must be taken in order to restore integrity to our nation's laws and Constitution."
NOTE:
On August 1, 2014, Rep. Kelly voted for
H.R. 5272 , which would ban the use of taxpayer funds for the expansion of President Obama's deferred action for illegal aliens. The bill was passed by the House of Representatives by a vote of 216-192 with bipartisan support.
Weekly Photo
On Monday, Rep. Kelly met
with Ambassador Kenichiro Sasae of Japan to discuss current East Asian affairs as well as US-Japan relations.
Forward this email This email was sent to dj724530@gmail.com by
thomas.qualtere@mail.house.gov
|
Update Profile/Email Address
|
Rapid removal with
SafeUnsubscribe &trade;
|
Privacy Policy . The Office of Representative Mike Kelly
|
1519 Longworth House Office Building
|
Washington
|
DC
|
20515
