
View In Browser
November 23, 2014
WEBSITE
|
FORWARD TO A FRIEND
| SHARE ON:
Congressional Update
Howdy Texans!
Congress is back in session and working to pass important legislation as we finish out the remainder of the 113th Congress. Over the last couple of weeks, the House passed bills to approve the Keystone XL Pipeline and revive American manufacturing; I was elected Chairman of the Republican Study Committee (RSC); the House GOP Conference announced that I would be serving on the Energy and Commerce Committee in the next Congress; and the president declared an unprecedented executive amnesty order for millions of undocumented immigrants. Additionally, there are some important issues that Congress needs to address in this lame duck session and we outline those issues out below.
RSC Election
On Tuesday, November 18, the Republican Study Committee (RSC), the largest and most influential group of conservatives in Congress, elected me so serve as its chairman for the 114th Congress. The mission of the RSC is to advance a strong, conservative agenda for our nation's national security, economy, and social values while upholding our Constitution. I have been a member of the RSC since I joined Congress and I am humbled to be elected by my fellow conservative colleagues to lead the RSC during the next two years.
As chairman of the RSC, it is my plan to lead this prolific organization as a member driven organization, which puts forth positions developed through member participation and dialogue consistent with the RSCs mission and the U.S. Constitution. I feel that it is important that we take full advantage of the RSCs size, character, and the passion of its members to advance our conservative agenda in order to restore America to the "shining city on a hill" that Ronald Reagan envisioned for our great country.
For the 114th Congress, the RSC will be the largest, most influential caucus in Congress. I look forward to leading the RSC as we continue to promote constitutionally limited government, an environment for more jobs and better paychecks, a strong national defense, fiscal responsibility, American energy security, and American family values.
For more information about the RSC, visit
rsc.woodall.house.gov.
Energy and Commerce Committee Appointment
On Thursday, November 20, the House GOP Conference announced that I will serve on the Energy and Commerce Committee for the 114th Congress. I believe that my three decades as a job creator in the energy industry can help promote economic growth and positively influence policy coming from the committee. I am excited to join the committee as we work to make America a global energy superpower and to achieve American energy security. I also look forward to working with the committee to reform federal policies in an effort to expand and streamline access to health care and preserve a robust, open, and competitive telecommunications landscape.
The Energy and Commerce Committee is the oldest standing legislative committee in the House of Representatives. The committees jurisdictional responsibilities include the nation's telecommunications, consumer protection, food and drug safety, public health research, environmental quality, energy policy, and interstate and foreign commerce. For more information about the Energy and Commerce Committee visit
energycommerce.house.gov.
Immigration Executive Order
On Thursday, November 20, President Obama decided to take it upon himself to provide unprecedented executive amnesty for millions of undocumented immigrants. Rather than working with Congress to address the critical issues facing our nation, the president is unilaterally bypassing Congress to unlawfully attempt to change our immigration laws. More importantly, the presidents unlawful act continues the economic squeeze on hardworking American families by allowing millions of undocumented persons to compete for their jobs and pay checks. Over the past six years of the Obama economy, American families have seen their incomes stay flat -- and in some cases decrease -- while their costs for food, health care, energy, and education have increased. Now the president is essentially outsourcing their jobs and financial futures to millions of persons who are here illegally.
I am adamantly opposed to this or any type of amnesty being granted to those who are in the United States illegally. Granting amnesty incentivizes illegal immigration and is unfair to those who are already going through the proper legal channels to become citizens or legal residents. This amnesty action allows millions of undocumented persons to jump to the front of the line ahead of those persons who are following the law to become legal residents.
The Constitution states that the president is responsible for enacting and enforcing the laws that Congress passes. President Obama is once again overstepping his constitutional authority by using executive actions to change laws passed by Congress. As opposed to skirting the Constitution and providing amnesty, the president should be working with Congress to address our broken and inadequate immigration system.
I, along with my fellow House Republican colleagues, will be working to use all of the constitutional tools we have to stop to the presidents illegal action. Additionally, it is important for us to continue to work towards securing our borders, enforcing our current immigration laws, and putting forth effective immigration reforms.
Keystone XL Pipeline
On Friday, November 14, the House passed a bill to approve the application for the Keystone XL Pipeline. This marks the ninth time that the House has voted for the Keystone XL Pipeline and the thousands of American jobs and enhanced energy that would come from its approval. The president and the Harry Reid-led Senate have stalled Keystone for too long. The results of the midterm elections show that Americans are looking for change to come out of Washington. That change can start today with approval of Keystone XL Pipeline. It is time the Senate and president finally pass and sign into law this jobs project that will boost our economy and American energy security.
Promoting New Manufacturing Act
On Thursday, November 20, the House passed the Promoting New Manufacturing Act. This bill provides for greater transparency and timeliness in obtaining the permits necessary for new manufacturing.
Specifically, the bill requires the EPA to publish information on the timeline for issuing pre-construction permits; directs the EPA to issue implementing guidance when publishing a final rule to establish a national ambient air quality standard; and requires the EPA to submit an annual report to Congress that assesses the permitting process. This bill holds the EPA accountable and creates transparency while creating new opportunities and reducing the burden on Americas manufacturers.
Lame Duck
While the 114th Congress is set to commence in January, there are still some outstanding issues that Congress must work to pass before the end of the 113th Congress. In the coming weeks the House will be working on legislation to continue to fund the government past mid-December, extend various tax provisions, renew the Terrorism Risk Insurance Act, provide funding to fight ebola, and provide further resources to combat the Islamic State (IS) terrorist group in the Middle East.
Newsmakers
This week, I was a guest on C-SPANs Newsmakers: C-SPANs weekly Sunday interview program with the people making the news and the journalists who cover them. During my interview, I touched on the work and mission of the RSC, immigration, and the upcoming 114th Congress.
Cl ick on the image above to view Congressman Flores Newsmakers segment.
Looking Forward
After the Thanksgiving holiday, Congress will be back in session and will be working to tackle some of the items listed above. My fellow House colleagues and I remain focused on working on solutions to help get Americans back to work, lower costs at home, and restore opportunity for everyone.
As always, I encourage each of you to continue praying for our country during these challenging times, for our brave military men and women, and for our first responder personnel, all of whom selflessly serve and protect us each day.
I wish you and your family a happy, blessed, and safe Thanksgiving!
With great respect,
Bill Flores
Member of Congress
NOTE: Please DO NOT respond to this email as this inbox is unattended. To contact my office please
click here
UNSUBSCRIBE
|
PRIVACY POLICY
|
CONTACT US
Click Here Click Here