
Quick Takes:
Immigration Executive Order: Media reports indicate the President may issue an executive order on immigration this week. While there is much speculation on what the actions will be, they have not been confirmed and we are monitoring the situation very closely. I very much oppose President Obama granting any type of amnesty through executive action. Listen to my thoughts on this issue in the latest edition of 'From the Mailbag.'
Senate to vote on Keystone: I have encourage the President to approve the Keystone Pipeline for several years because it decreases our dependence on foreign oil and provides well-paying jobs. The U.S. Chamber of Commerce and other major labor unions estimate, the project would create 250,000 jobs over the course of construction. The House approved legislation last week to move forward to build this pipeline and the Senate is set to vote on its construction Tuesday. I will support this bill.Saluting Arkansas Veterans: On Veterans Day we recognize and honor the men and women called to serve our nation in uniform.
We salute our veterans for their selfless commitment and immeasurable sacrifice to protect this nation and its ideals so we can continue to be the greatest, freest country the world has ever known. Honoring our veterans is one of my greatest privileges as a U.S. Senator and one way to do that is help them obtain the medals they earned. So far in 2014, my office has helped 121 veterans and their families obtain service medals. Watch our recent medal presentation ceremony in Bella Vista.
Farm Bill Workshops: The Farm Bill included major changes to our nations agriculture policy. Its important that agriculture producers understand the new programs created by these reforms. Events across the state are helping our agriculture community understand the risk management tools under the new Farm Bill. Learn more about the workshops in your area.
National Alzheimers Disease Awareness Month: The rapid rate of growth of Alzheimers threatens our ability to find a cure, treat and care for these patients. As a member of the Bipartisan Congressional Task Force on Alzheimers Disease, I am committed to fighting for continued funding for Alzheimers research and finding a cure.
Instagram Competition: Im on Instagram @johnboozman. Follow me to share a picture of what you love about Arkansas with the tag #Love4AR. The winning picture will be featured in my Washington, D.C. office.
Intern in my office: We are looking for Arkansans to serve as interns in our seven state offices as well as our Washington, D.C. office. The deadline to apply is November 21. For more information on our internship program click here.
Home
|
About
|
News
|
Services
|
Contact
Help Set the Agenda
I look forward to the changes a new year brings. While some of us make resolutions, others set new goals as they plan for a new year. 2015 is bringing a change to Washington. Americans overwhelmingly voted for a different direction for the country and elected new leaders to Washington. I&rsquo;m anxious to be part of the Republican majority in the Senate and move the agenda and push the policies that create an environment that promotes job creation.
I recognize that the elections results weren&rsquo;t as much of a vote of confidence in the GOP as they were a call for change in the way Congress operates. The public is concerned about the direction of the country and they want change. We are being given the opportunity to lead and govern, and we need to step up and make the most of that.
That&rsquo;s why we want to make the priorities of the American people the priorities of Congress. The American people have said time and time again, jobs and the economy is the name of the game.
More than 45 jobs bills have been stalled at current Majority Leader Sen. Harry Reid&rsquo;s desk. During his time as Leader, he hasn&rsquo;t allowed the Senate to vote on these House-passed job creation bills. Voting on these bills is a good place to start a job growth agenda that would make our tax code more fair and easier for all Americans to understand, cut spending to address the debt that is hurting the future for our children and grandchildren and stop regulations that are inefficient, ineffective and unnecessary.
I appreciate hearing from Arkansans about what priorities they believe need to be front and center in 2015. As we look forward to the next Congress I want to know what issues you want Congress to focus on. Tell me what topics concern you most.
Take our survey
and share with me how you want Washington to work for you.
Quick Takes:
Immigration Executive Order:
Media reports indicate the President may issue an executive order on immigration this week .
While there is much speculation on what the actions will be, they have not been confirmed and we are monitoring the situation very closely. I very much oppose President Obama granting any type of amnesty through executive action.
Listen to why I oppose this action
in the latest edition of '>From the Mailbag.'
Senate to vote on Keystone:
I have encouraged the President to approve the Keystone Pipeline for several years because it decreases our dependence on foreign oil and provides well-paying jobs. The U.S. Chamber of Commerce and other major labor unions estimate, the project would create 250,000 jobs over the course of construction. The
House approved legislation last week
to move forward to build this pipeline and the
Senate is set to vote on its construction Tuesday . I will support this bill.
Saluting Arkansas Veterans:
On Veterans Day we recognize and honor the men and women
called to serve our nation in uniform . We salute our veterans for their selfless commitment and immeasurable sacrifice to protect this nation and its ideals so we can continue to be the greatest, freest country the world has ever known. Honoring our veterans is one of my greatest privileges as a U.S. Senator and one way to do that is help them obtain the medals they earned. So far in 2014, my office has helped 121 veterans and their families obtain service medals. Watch our recent
medal presentation ceremony in Bella Vista .
Farm Bill Workshops:
The Farm Bill included major changes to our nation&rsquo;s agriculture policy. It&rsquo;s important that agriculture producers understand the new programs created by these reforms. Events across the state are helping our agriculture community understand the risk management tools under the new Farm Bill.
Learn more about the workshops in your area .
National Alzheimer&rsquo;s Disease Awareness Month:
The rapid rate of growth of Alzheimer&rsquo;s threatens our ability to find a cure, treat and care for these patients. As a member of the Bipartisan Congressional Task Force on Alzheimer&rsquo;s Disease, I am
committed to fighting for continued funding
for Alzheimer&rsquo;s research and finding a cure.
Instagram Competition:
I&rsquo;m on
Instagram
@johnboozman. Follow me to share a picture of what you love about Arkansas with the tag #Love4AR. The winning picture will be featured in my Washington, D.C. office.
Intern in my office:
We are looking for Arkansans to serve as interns in our seven state offices as well as our Washington, D.C. office. The deadline to apply is November 21. For more information on our internship program click
here .
Home
|
Privacy Policy
|
Unsubscribe
