
October 29, 2014
Click here
if you have trouble viewing this email
ABOUT DENNIS
|
SERVING YOU
|
NEWSROOM
|
ISSUES &amp; LEGISLATION
|
15TH DISTRICT
|
CONTACT
15th District Update
Dear Neighbor,
Its only Wednesday, but I have had a busy week so far spending time with Florida residents across the 15th district discussing solutions to todays biggest challenges.
Each day, I fight on your behalf for common-sense, conservative policies that protect Florida families, decrease government spending and saves your tax dollars.
Washingtons red tape hurts Floridas small businesses which in turn hinders economic opportunities for all.
I am honored to have received many recent awards from several organizations in recognition of my untiring commitment to working on behalf of the families in my district.
Here are some of the awards I have received:
Taxpayer Hero , from the Council for Citizens Against Government Waste for my 2013 voting record to eliminate wasteful spending.
National Taxpayers Union Foundation , ranked me the
4th highest congressman to cut the largest amount of government spending.
Guardian of Small Business Award , from the National Federation of Independent Business for my voting record that aligns with allowing small businesses to succeed.
Spirit of Free Enterprise Award , from the U.S. Chamber of Commerce for my consistent support
for pro-growth, pro-job legislation.
Award for Manufacturing Legislative Excellence , from the National Association of Manufacturers for consistently supporting policies that enable manufacturers in the United States to create jobs, compete in the global economy, and improve living standards for manufacturing workers.
Tax Fighter Award , from the National Tax-Limitation Committee for voting for pro-taxpayer and entrepreneur legislation.
I also want to share some of the pictures from my visits and I hope to have the chance to meet with YOU in the future:
Tour of Citibank
On Monday, I participated in a town hall meeting
with employees with Citibank in Tampa. Over 4000 employees work at Tampas Citi Service Center!
This was a great opportunity and we had a fantastic discussion on solving our nations problems and growing prosperity for all Floridians.
Tour of the Express Scripts Facility
On Tuesday, I had the privilege of meeting the pharmacists and employees of Express Scripts while touring their facility in Tampa. Express Scripts has a huge presence in Florida and employs about 2,300 people here in our home state, hundreds of them living right here in Floridas 15th district.
Our federal government could learn a thing or two from Express Scripts on how technology can be used to provide health care needs more efficiently to all Americans.
Yesterday,I spoke with Jack, Tedd, and Corey on air on 970 WFLA Tampa Bay's News Radio about my efforts in freeing United States Marine Sgt. Andrew Tahmooressi from a prison in Mexico.
As so many of our brave servicemen and women have done, Sgt. Andrew Tahmooressi has devoted his life to serving our country with valor and has experienced the battlefields of Afghanistan twice. Last Friday I signed onto House Resolution 620, which expresses the sense of the House of Representatives that the Government of Mexico should release United States Marine Sgt. Andrew Tahmooressi and provide for his return to the United States so he can receive appropriate medical care for his health condition. We must be ever vigilant and the United States should "leave no man behind."
You may click this text to listen to the interview on 970 WFLA Tampa Bay's website.
As always, please continue to
write ,
call , and
email
your opinions to my office. I could not effectively represent you in Congress without the advice of my constituents. It is an honor and a privilege to serve you in Congress.
Your Congressman,
Dennis A. Ross
E-NEWS SIGN UP
Get the latest news in your inbox by signing up
here !
WASHINGTON, D.C. OFFICE
229 Cannon HOB
Washington, D.C. 20515
T(202) 225-1252
F(202) 226-0585
LAKELAND OFFICE
170 Fitzgerald Rd., Ste 1
Lakeland, FL 33813
T(863) 644-8215
T(813) 752-4790
F(863) 648-0749
UPDATE SUBSCRIPTION OPTIONS
|
PRIVACY POLICY
|
CONTACT US
Click Here Click Here