
October 28, 2014
Dear Friends,
Happy LGBT History Month! In addition to celebrating
LGBT Pride Month in June , we commemorate the LGBT community&rsquo;s history in October. We remember that the progress we are making today is made possible by the strides of those who bravely marched before us, like San Franciscan LGBT pioneers Harvey Milk, Del Martin and Phyllis Lyon, and the late Daly City resident and cofounder of P-FLAG, Jeanne Manford.
October 12 was the sixteenth anniversary of the brutal death of Matthew Shepard, but today (October 28) is the fifth anniversary of the Matthew Shepard Act, which expanded the 1969 federal hate-crime law to include crimes motivated by a victim's actual or perceived gender, sexual orientation, gender identity, or disability.
Remembering the tragedies and triumphs of LGBT history show us where we have been, and provide a blueprint for progress in the future.
I can still feel the thrill of being among the crowds in front of the Supreme Court when it struck down the
Defense of Marriage Act
and
Proposition 8
last summer. The fight for equality continues state by state, agency by agency, and here in Congress, as I argue for bills like the Respect for Marriage Act which would extend the full array of marriage benefits for all married couples.
This June, President Obama signed an executive order barring LGBT discrimination among federal contractors.
Now that the Senate has passed the Employment Non-Discrimination Act, it is up to House Republican leadership to bring it up for a vote and protect LGBT Americans in states and companies without such protection.
No one should go to work afraid of being fired.
California and New Jersey have passed laws prohibiting state-licensed mental health professionals from engaging minors in ex-gay &ldquo;therapy&rdquo;, which has been shown to lead patients to depression, substance abuse, and suicidality. I have taken the first federal action against these &ldquo;therapies&rdquo; by
introducing H.Con.Res. 69 , a bill urging every state in the Union to pass such laws to protect our kids from quacks, and their parents from consumer fraud. This May, I partnered with The Trevor Project to invite Dr. Caitlin Ryan, an expert at the
Family Acceptance Project
at San Francisco State, to the Capitol.
She presented her research , which shows that family support &ndash; not ex-gay &ldquo;therapy&rdquo; &ndash; has the strongest positive impact on the lifelong health and welfare of LGBT youth.
From 1993 to 2010, 14,000 military service members were discharged under Don't Ask Don't Tell for their sexual orientation, and were allowed only one half of the separation pay they rightfully earned. This Congress,
I introduced H.R. 5009, the Military Separation Pay Fairness Act , to reimburse full separation pay plus interest within 90 days to dischargees who served for 6 or more years.
I also believe the Pentagon should take administrative action to accept transgender service members, who are still hiding under their own form of DADT.
We owe it to our nation&rsquo;s veterans to make them whole in all aspects of their lives.
For half a century, a rainbow of legal, family, school, professional, and religious groups in the Bay Area and across America have fought to reverse anti-LGBT discrimination and realize their rights. Empowered by the LGBT movement&rsquo;s long and hard-fought history that we remember every October, I am proud to continue these efforts, and advance these rights for all Americans.
All the best,
Unsubscribe
Washington D.C. Office
211 Cannon House Office Building
Washington, DC 20515
Phone: (202) 225-3531
Fax: (202) 226-4183
San Mateo Office
155 Bovet Road, Suite 780
San Mateo, CA 94402
Phone: (650) 342-0300
Fax: (650) 375-8270
Click Here
to be removed from this list
