
Thursday December 4, 2014
WEBSITE
|
FORWARD TO A FRIEND
| SHARE ON:
For Immediate Release
-
Contact: Jill Duckworth
Jill.duckworth@mail.house.gov
Defense Authorization Passes House
Secures Mississippi Priorities
WASHINGTON, D.C.
Congressman Steven Palazzo (MS-4 ) released the following statement today after the House passed the 2015 Defense Authorization bill:
The 2015 defense bill not only provides for the security of our nation at home and abroad, but it secures the military assets of South Mississippi. The world is not becoming a safer place; its becoming much more dangerous, and we face threats across the globe.
Congress took a bold step today to provide the equipment, training, and manpower needed to protect the United States of America.
This bill also includes a number of priorities for South Mississippi including $800 million for an additional Ingalls-built amphibious ship, another freeze on the movement of C-130Js from Keesler, and a prohibition on the removal of Mississippis National Guard Apache helicopters in FY15. It also specifically prohibits the presidents request for additional rounds of Base Realignment and Closure, better known as BRAC, securing the future of our military installations.
These are key victories for our military community, and I was glad to see them included in the final bill.
The security of this nation is my number one priority, and going forward, we must invest in defense as if our lives depend on itbecause they certainly do.
###
The 2015 National Defense Authorization Bill was passed by a bipartisan vote of 300-119.
Final passage is expected in the Senate next week.
Overall, it provides $585 billion for the Department of Defense, including a 1% pay raise for servicemembers. It contains several provisions inserted by Representative Palazzo, including:
$800 Million for the construction of a 12th San Antonio Class Amphibious Assault ship.
This ship was not previously contained in the Presidents budget, but the Marine Corps indicated a need for the ship and worked with Congressman Palazzo to secure the funding.
The LPD is built at Pascagoula-based Ingalls Shipbuilding, and construction of the 12th LPD is expected to maintain 3,000 shipbuilding jobs.
A new restriction against the Air Forces planned transfer of C-130J aircraft from Keesler Air Force Base with a requirement for a full report prepared by the Department of Defense analyzing the cost and benefits of additional moves.
This is the third year Congressman Palazzo has prevented the Air Force from moving Keeslers planes.
A freeze of the movement of Apache helicopters in FY15 with a reporting requirement on the structure of Army Aviation.
The Army is currently attempting to remove all AH-64 Apache Helicopters from the Guard, destroying entire units of highly trained, experienced citizen soldiers.
Additional autonomy for base commanders to initiate minor military construction projects up to $1 million without requiring additional red tape associated with the Military Construction Approval process.
This language was requested by South Mississippi base commanders and will provide them flexibility in minor construction projects.
Authority to the Chief of the National Guard Bureau to consult on the appointment of his Army and Air Guard deputies.
Under current law, the selections are made by the chiefs of the Active Army and Air Force, without Guard input.
A reporting requirement for the Secretary of Defense to clarify the policies for the management of DOD Airspace and access by non-DOD users for testing and increased cooperation.
This will help improve the management of unmanned aerial systems, a high priority for the State of Mississippi.
Language that supports the domestic maritime industry for their ongoing work for the Department of Defense.
The domestic maritime industry is a vital part of the ongoing success of South Mississippi and many other Gulf Coast communities.
###
Palazzo is a Marine veteran of the Persian Gulf War and currently serves as a noncommissioned officer in the Mississippi National Guard. The Enlisted Association of the National Guard of the United States recently awarded Palazzo with the G.V. Sonny Montgomery Eagle Award for his work on the House Armed Services Committee.
NOTE: Please DO NOT respond to this email as this inbox is unattended. To contact my office please
click here
UNSUBSCRIBE
|
PRIVACY POLICY
|
CONTACT US
Click Here Click Here