
If
you are having trouble viewing this message or would like to share it
on a social network, you can
view the message online .
Home
Biography
News
Issues &amp; Legislation
Constituent Services
The District
Contact
Us
December 05, 2014
In
This Week's Edition of E-News
...
Congress Votes to
Honor Fort Hood Heroes with Purple
Heart
Hempfield High
Schoolers Weigh In on Immigration
House Rebukes President on Immigration
Executive Order
Schneiders Dairy Marks 80 Years of Serving
SWPA
Special Needs Families
Cheer House Passage of ABLE Act
Murphy Promises Reintroduction Of Mental
Health Bill in the
114 th
Congress Votes to Honor Fort Hood
Heroes with Purple Heart
While routinely described by the White House as an incident of
workplace violence, the killings at Fort Hood on November 5, 2009 by
an Islamic extremist are appropriately now labeled the deadliest
terrorist attack within the United States since September 11,
2001.
The tragedy took the lives of 13 service members, one
civilian employee, and resulted in the wounding of 32 others. Since that
time, the surviving victims and the families of those killed have sought
both the recognition of the act as a terrorist attack, which would
grant them benefits similar to those earned by troops injured in a combat
zone overseas.
On Thursday, Congress took action to
correct this injustice, give the proper commendations to the fallen, and
award combat-injury compensation benefits for next-of-kin and troops
killed or wounded in domestic attacks inspired by foreign terrorist
organizations. Included in an annual Department of Defense bill, which
passed by a vote of 300-119 and with Rep. Tim Murphys support, was the
Fort Hood Victims and Families Benefits Protection Act (HR 705). Rep.
Murphy was a cosponsor of the legislation, which ensures surviving
victims of the Fort Hood attack receive extended medical treatment and
are evaluated for the Purple Heart.
Sadly for Southwestern
Pennsylvania, the Fort Hood terrorist shooting claimed a local
hero.
Army Lieutenant Colonel Juanita Warman had spent much of
her childhood on the family farm in Claysville. Several years ago, Lt.
Col. Warman left the region to pursue her duties as a psychiatric
nurse practitioner in the Army Reserve. Lt. Col. Warman, known as Wandy,
was at Fort Hood waiting to be deployed to Iraq
a mission she had
volunteered for
when Nidal Hassan fatally shot her and 12 other
service members while yelling Allah akbar!
Rep. Murphy said
the Fort Hood tragedy was more than a workplace violence
incident.
It was an act of war by an Islamic terrorist on one of
our nations largest military installations, and it devastated military
members and families nationwide, including in Southwestern
Pennsylvania. The heroes of Fort Hood have earned the right to be honored for
their service in the War on Terror and their sacrifice to protect our
nation. It is my hope that passage of this legislation will provide
Wandys surviving relatives in Southwestern Pennsylvania with a degree of
closure and comfort, said Murphy.
The defense legislation
is expected to pass the Senate next week and be signed into law
shortly thereafter.
To share
your thoughts on the Schneiders Dairy, please
click
here .
Hempfield High Schoolers Weigh In on
Immigration
Addressing "Project 18"
civics students in Westmoreland
County
In 1971, the
26 th
Amendment was ratified to the Constitution lowering the voting
age from 21 to 18. Following its passage, Pennsylvania established
Project 18 to teach students about federal, state, and local government.
The initiative began at Hempfield High School in 1974 by Richard
Redmerski, who taught the course for 30 years. Students learn to become
politically active, participate in service learning initiatives, and
meet with local lawmakers.
Last week, Congressman Murphy was
invited to address four separate classes of Project 18 students at
Hempfield Area High School. Murphy spoke about his legislative duties in
Congress, his role as Chairman of the Energy and Commerce
Subcommittee on Oversight and Investigations, and his background as a
psychologist and Lieutenant Commander in the Navy Reserve Medical Service Corps.
Congressman Murphy fielded questions about his Helping Families in
Mental Health Crisis Act and other policy issues, but the Presidents
Executive Order on immigration was the topic most on the minds of the
students. Please see next story for more legislative
details.
To share your thoughts on this story, please
click here .
House
Rebukes President on Immigration Executive
Order
As the Lame Duck session of
Congress nears conclusion, the House set the stage for legislative action in
2015 by passing
H.R. 5759
declaring President
Obamas executive actions to end deportations null and void and without
legal effect.
Last month, the President issued an order
to end deportation and issue work permits to four million people
living in the United States illegally. The President also shifted law
enforcement priorities away from enforcement while expanding an existing
deportation deferral program for those entering the US illegally as
children.
The President claimed action was needed after the
House tabled the Senates amnesty bill and instead moved on
alternative bills focusing on border security and immigration enforcement this
past summer. Fully funded by cuts from other government accounts and
recessions of existing funds across various federal agencies, the House
legislation, which Rep. Murphy supported, also terminated the
Presidents DREAM Act Executive Order and Deferred Action for Childhood
Arrivals (DACA) initiatives that effectively blocks deportation of illegal
immigrants.
The House is expected to soon take up a
funding bill to prevent the Presidents executive actions from
advancing.
To share your thoughts on President Obamas executive
actions, please
click
here .
Schneiders Dairy Marks 80 Years of
Serving SWPA
In Whitehall, Rep. Murphy with Bill and Dave
Schneider
From school lunchrooms to the dinner table, the iconic
Schneiders Dairy
has been providing Southwestern
Pennsylvania with milk and dairy products for eighty years. Recently,
Congressman Murphy toured Schneiders headquarters in Whitehall and met with
company employees.
Beginning in 1935, the dairy processed
just 80 gallons of milk a day, and founder Edward Schneider did
everything for the business, from soliciting new customers to personally
delivering milk to suburban Pittsburgh homes. Through a commitment to
superior customer service, Schneiders continued to expand and today
boasts a workforce of over 350 employees at five locations located
throughout the Commonwealth, processing up to 450,000 gallons of milk a
week.
Even with its tremendous growth, Schneiders remains
firmly connected to its roots in SWPA. While generations have grown up
with Schneiders milk, today, Schneiders produces iced tea and Reymers
lemon-Blennd. Schneiders is also deeply invested in the local
community, serving as a major supplier to many local area food
banks.
To share your thoughts on the Schneiders Dairy, please
click here .
Special Needs Families Cheer House Passage of ABLE
Act
Members of a
statewide advocacy group for the disabled met with Rep. Tim Murphy to thank
him for his support of his ongoing work on behalf of families with
autistic and developmentally disabled children.
Chloe Kondrich of Upper St. Clair: "The
smallest voice and make the largest
impact!"
The Pennsylvania
chapter of TASH, a group dedicated to equality and opportunity for
people with disabilities, thanked Rep. Tim Murphy for being an early
cosponsor and advocate of the Achieving a Better Life Experience, or ABLE,
Act. The bipartisan bill, which passed the House this week with Rep.
Murphys support, allows families with children with disabilities to
create tax-free savings accounts, just as families with college-bound
children do, that set aside money for future education, transportation,
and other living expenses without losing access to Medicaid and Social
Security. The legislation will allow those children with disabilities
to live independently and work to their ability. The ABLE Act is
expected to pass the Senate by the end of the year.
The group
also was grateful for Dr. Murphys work to protect the rights of the
severely disabled to use special speech generating devices to
communicate with a loved one or caregiver after a condition like Autism or
Lou Gehrigs Disease has taken away their ability to talk. Last month,
the Administration reversed course on a proposal to cut off access
under Medicaid to these devices just 24 hours after receiving a scathing
letter
from Oversight Chairman Tim Murphy. In
addition to rescinding its proposal, the agency also announced at
Congressman Murphys insistence that the Administration will take into
account feedback from the disability rights community before issuing any
new proposals related to speech generating devices.
To
share your thoughts on the ABLE Act, please
click
here .
Murphy
Promises Reintroduction Of Mental Health Bill in the
114 th
The Helping Families
In Mental Health Crisis Act, authored by Congressman Tim Murphy to
overhaul the entire federal mental health system, now has the support of
more than 114 Members of Congress in both parties. With the backing of
his colleagues, Murphy continued his push to break down barriers to
treatment for those with severe mental illness at an Energy and
Commerce Health Subcommittee hearing about the Childrens Health Insurance
Program (CHIP).
At mental health roundtable with HR 3717 cosponsor Rep. Eddie
Bernice
Johnson
CHIP is a means-tested program that
provides health coverage to targeted low-income children and pregnant
women in families that have annual income above Medicaid eligibility
levels but have no health insurance. It is jointly financed by the federal
government and states. Under the Presidents Affordable Care Act
(ACA), federal funding is scheduled to expire next year.
Under
questioning by Rep. Murphy, an official at the Government
Accountability Office testified that if CHIP is not extended, 1.9 million
children would lose their health insurance under the Presidents healthcare
law.
Rep. Murphy
also pressed the
witnesses to investigate whether children enrolled in CHIP who have
behavioral healthcare needs are being blocked from getting treatment under
a rule known as the same day billing restriction. Some health care
insurance plans, like Medicaid, prohibit individuals from seeing both
a medical doctor and a mental healthcare provider on the same day at
the same location.
Children are much less likely to
continue with a mental health treatment regimen if they must schedule
different visits with their pediatrician and a mental health professional on
different days. Research conducted at the University of Pittsburgh
showed that children were seven times more likely to complete a care
program for a behavioral health disorder when treatment was delivered at
their pediatricians office.
Murphys
Helping Families in Mental Health Crisis Act
would repeal the
same-day billing barrier so that parents can get their child the mental
health treatment they need, when they need
it.
Kay Warren of Saddleback
Church
Ensuring mental healthcare doesnt face artificial billing
barriers was also the topic at the 2 nd
annual Mental Health
Parity Implementation Roundtable on Tuesday. Rep. Murphy was joined by
Congresswoman Eddie Bernice Johnson (D-TX) to discuss their plan to
reintroduce the Helping Families In Mental Health Crisis Act again in the
new year. The announcement was met with a standing ovation from the
crowd.
Also this week, Rep. Murphy met with Kay Warren of
Saddleback Church in Lake Forest, California. Kay is the wife of
well-known Pastor Rick Warren. Together, the Warrens have become have
become active in the mental health reform movement following the tragic
loss of their son, who had several mental health diagnoses, to
suicide.
Rep. Murphy and Mrs. Warren discussed the critical role
religious leaders play in helping families in mental illness given that
one in four
people seeking help first turn to their church for
assistance.
To share your thoughts on the Helping
Families In Mental Health Crisis Act, please
click
here .
Please Feel Free to Tell a Friend
E-mail:
E-mail:
E-mail:
Washington D.C.
Office
2332 Rayburn HOB
Washington, DC 20515
Phone: (202)
2252301
Fax: (202) 2251844
Mt. Lebanon
Office
504 Washington Road
Pittsburgh, PA 15228
Phone: (412)
3445583
Fax: (412) 4295092
Greensburg
Office
2040 Frederickson Place
Greensburg, PA
15601
Phone: (724) 8507312
Fax: (724) 8507315
Unsubscribe
|
Update My Profile
|
Privacy Policy
