 with Democratic Representatives Earl Blumenhauer (OR), Jared Polis (CO), and Republican Dana Rohrabacher (CA) showed that D.C. has bipartisan allies in Congress to protect our marijuana legislation initiative from congressional interference. We stood in support of D.C.s Initiative 71 and the increasing number of jurisdictions that are legalizing or decriminalizing marijuana.
Alaska and Oregon passed marijuana legalization initiatives just as our residents did this November; and Washington and Colorado were the first to legalize marijuana, but the states do not have to worry about congressional interference, even though marijuana is still classified as a dangerous drug under federal law.
On Friday, I took that message to the House floor, where I spoke for almost an hour.
I was joined by Representative Dina Titus (D-NV), who defended marijuana reform laws passed by state authorities and supported D.C.s home rule right to do the same.
Nevada has not legalized, but it has put a marijuana initiative on the ballot for 2016.
Though Representative Andy Harris (R-MD) continues to oppose our ballot initiative, he now knows that the District is not fighting this battle alone.
More Revelations on the White House Breaches and the Secret Service
There was a lot that went wrong when Omar Gonzalez jumped the White House fence and ran deep into the residence.
A Department of Homeland Security report detailed mistakes at many points when Gonzalez could have been stopped.
These additional findings surely call for a full top-to-bottom review
of every aspect of the Secret Service, the first in its history, including its operations, management, and resources.
Keeping Taxpayers from Subsidizing a Racial Slur
Last week, I introduced a bill
to strip the professional sports leagues, including the National Football League (NFL), the richest of all of the professional sports leagues, of their tax-exempt status if they promote the Washington football teams name for profit.
November is Native American Heritage Month and a good time to send the message that U.S. taxpayers should not subsidize franchises that use offensive trademarks and team names.
The bill has been introduced in the Senate by Senator Maria Cantwell (D-WA).
The bill is necessary because the NFL shows profits from our team and therefore from all teams.
NFL Commissioner Roger Goodell cannot avoid the responsibility to exercise leadership.
Demanding that the United States Postal Service Consider Public Interest Before Closing Mail-Processing Centers
I spoke at a rally
with Senator Jon Tester (D-MT) last Friday to bolster the effort to halt mail-processing center closures and to urge the United States Postal Service (USPS) to obey the law and invite public comment before taking action on decisions that will delay some First Class mail several days and will result in nighttime deliveries, endangering letter carriers.
Most of USPS budgetary problems come from a congressional mandate to pre-fund health benefits many years in advance, unlike any other federal agency.
Public comment could result in practical solutions.
Randolph Moss, My District Court Recommendation, Confirmed by the Senate
On Thursday, Randolph Moss, my recommendation for district court judge for the District of Columbia, was confirmed
by the Senate.
Congratulations to Mr. Moss, whom I recommended to the President, and who has served two administrations in high legal positions.
doctype html
Congresswoman Nortons e-Newsletter
November 17, 2014
Getting Bipartisan Support for D.C.s Marijuana Legislation Initiative
Last Wednesday, a
press
conference
with Democratic Representatives Earl Blumenhauer (OR), Jared Polis (CO), and Republican Dana Rohrabacher (CA) showed that D.C. has bipartisan allies in Congress
to protect our marijuana legislation initiative from congressional interference. We stood in support of D.C.s Initiative 71 and the increasing number of jurisdictions that are legalizing or decriminalizing marijuana.
Alaska and Oregon passed marijuana legalization
initiatives just as our residents did this November; and Washington and Colorado were the first to legalize marijuana, but the states do not have to worry about congressional interference, even though marijuana is still classified as a dangerous drug under
federal law.
On Friday, I took that message to the House floor, where I spoke for almost an hour.
I was joined by Representative Dina Titus (D-NV), who defended marijuana reform laws passed by state authorities and supported D.C.s home rule right to do
the same.
Nevada has not legalized, but it has put a marijuana initiative on the ballot for 2016.
Though Representative Andy Harris (R-MD) continues to oppose our ballot initiative, he now knows that the District is not fighting this battle alone.
More Revelations on the White House Breaches and the Secret Service
There was a lot that went wrong when Omar Gonzalez jumped the White House fence and ran deep into the residence.
A Department of Homeland Security report detailed mistakes at many points when Gonzalez could have been stopped.
These additional findings surely
call for
a full top-to-bottom review
of every aspect of the Secret Service, the first in its history, including its operations, management, and resources.
Keeping Taxpayers from Subsidizing a Racial Slur
Last week, I
introduced
a bill
to strip the professional sports leagues, including the National Football League (NFL), the richest of all of the professional sports leagues, of their tax-exempt
status if they promote the Washington football teams name for profit.
November is Native American Heritage Month and a good time to send the message that U.S. taxpayers should not subsidize franchises that use offensive trademarks and team names.
The bill
has been introduced in the Senate by Senator Maria Cantwell (D-WA).
The bill is necessary because the NFL shows profits from our team and therefore from all teams.
NFL Commissioner Roger Goodell cannot avoid the responsibility to exercise leadership.
Demanding that the United States Postal Service Consider Public Interest Before Closing Mail-Processing Centers
I
spoke
at a rally
with Senator Jon Tester (D-MT) last Friday to bolster the effort to halt mail-processing center closures and to urge the United States Postal Service (USPS) to
obey the law and invite public comment before taking action on decisions that will delay some First Class mail several days and will result in nighttime deliveries, endangering letter carriers.
Most of USPS budgetary problems come from a congressional mandate
to pre-fund health benefits many years in advance, unlike any other federal agency.
Public comment could result in practical solutions.
Randolph Moss, My District Court Recommendation, Confirmed by the Senate
On Thursday, Randolph Moss, my recommendation for district court judge for the District of Columbia, was
confirmed
by the Senate.
Congratulations to Mr. Moss, whom I recommended to the President, and who has served two administrations in high legal positions.
Thanks for subscribing!
Follow Congresswoman Norton on
Facebook ,
Twitter ,
Instagram ,
YouTube , or her
website
for more updates.
Capitol Hill Office
2136 Rayburn HOB
Washington, D.C. 20515
Phone: (202) 225-8050
Fax: (202) 225-3002
S.E. District Office
2041 Martin Luther King Jr. Ave., S.E.
Washington, D.C. 20020
Phone: (202) 678-8900
Fax: (202) 678-8844
Main District Office
90 K Street, N.E., Suite 100
Washington DC 20001
Phone: (202) 408-9041
Fax: (202) 408-9048
To unsubscribe from our list, please click here .
