
Dear Friend,
Thank you for signing up to receive my email newsletter. These
newsletters will cover a variety of topics, including events happening
in Indiana, legislation being considered in Congress, and my
perspective on current issues. My hope is to keep you updated and
informed on how issues in Washington may impact Hoosiers. I welcome
your feedback.
Thanks for reading,
Dan Coats
_____
Midterm Results Provide a Fresh Start
Americans decisively voted to move our country in a new direction by
repudiating President Obama's failed policies. I returned to the Senate
to tackle the big issues we face and pass along a stronger America to
the next generation.
To my great frustration, Harry Reid effectively shut down the Senate
during the last four years, stifling debate and blocking proposals that
did not fit his narrow political agenda.
This change in leadership provides a fresh start and an opportunity to
move forward much-needed measures to strengthen our economy and spur
job creation.
_____
Anonymous Attacks on Israeli PM Disgraceful
An anonymous Obama Administration official recently directed vulgar
insults at Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu during a media
interview.
A verbal assault on an important friend in the Middle East damages our
efforts in a critical region at a critical time.
As a former ambassador, I have managed disagreements between allies.
Frank exchanges can become fraught, but they should not erupt publicly,
and they should never descend to the personal. In less than a month,
the results of long negotiations with Iran over its dangerous nuclear
program likely will be announced.
At that time, the United States and Israel must stand together, as
sustainable support for any agreement will require a united front. A
strong response to failed negotiations or faulty results also will
require a consensus between our countries.
An enormous amount is at stake for both the United States and Israel.
Now is not the time for snarky name calling between allies, and
anonymity only makes it worse.
Coats in the News
GOP Congress control could change Ind. issues
Three Indiana lawmakers urge VA to "consider travel time" for Hoosier
veterans access to health care
Dan Coats in line for Committee Chairmanship
Coats calls for review of travel agreement
_____
Stay Connected
_____
Coats with Hoosiers
I enjoyed visiting with friends at Rex's Barber Shop in Roanoke on
Friday.
To unsubscribe please
Click Here
Contact Me
Latest News
A message
from Senator Dan Coats
Dear
Friend,
Thank you for signing up to receive my email
newsletter. These newsletters will cover a variety of topics,
including
events happening in Indiana, legislation being
considered
in Congress, and my perspective on current issues.
My
hope is to keep you updated and informed on how issues in Washington may impact Hoosiers. I welcome your
feedback.
Thanks for reading,
Dan Coats
Midterm
Results Provide a Fresh Start
Americans decisively voted to move our country
in a new direction by repudiating President Obama&#8217;s failed policies. I returned to the Senate to
tackle the big issues we face and pass along a stronger America to the next generation.
To
my great frustration, Harry Reid effectively shut down the Senate during the last four years, stifling
debate and blocking proposals that did not fit his narrow political agenda.
This
change in leadership provides a fresh start and an opportunity to move forward much-needed measures to
strengthen our economy and spur job creation.
Anonymous
Attacks on Israeli PM Disgraceful
An
anonymous Obama Administration official recently directed vulgar insults at Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin
Netanyahu during a media interview.
A
verbal assault on an important friend in the Middle East damages our efforts in a critical region at
a critical time.
As a former ambassador,
I have managed disagreements between allies.
Frank
exchanges can become fraught, but they should not erupt publicly, and they should never descend to the
personal. In less than a month, the results of long negotiations with Iran over its dangerous nuclear
program likely will be announced.
At that time, the United States and Israel must
stand together, as sustainable support for any agreement will require a united front. A strong response
to failed negotiations or faulty results also will require a consensus between our countries.
An enormous amount
is at stake for both the United States and Israel. Now is not the time for snarky name calling between
allies, and anonymity only makes it worse.
Coats
in the News
GOP
Congress control could change Ind. issues
Three
Indiana lawmakers urge VA to "consider travel time" for Hoosier veterans access to
health
care
Dan
Coats in line for Committee Chairmanship
Coats
calls for review of travel agreement
Stay
Connected
Coats with Hoosiers
I enjoyed visiting with friends at Rex's Barber Shop in Roanoke on Friday.
To
unsubscribe please
Click
Here
Contact
Me Latest
News
