DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.0 Transitional//EN" "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml1/DTD/xhtml1-transitional.dtd"
Send me an email
|
Forward to a Friend
Friend
For me, no amnesty means no amnesty.
Broad amnesty.
Narrow amnesty.
It doesn't matter.
Entry into this country is a privilege, not a right.
For the Administration to act unilaterally to change our immigration laws is a blatant disregard of the separation of powers as laid out in the Constitution. I have strongly
urged the President
not to proceed with granting executive amnesty to millions of people who are in this country illegally, and not to diminish our institutions, our Constitution, and our nations foundation built on the rule of law. The integrity of the law, and more importantly, the integrity of our government, demand nothing less.
Amnesty wont fix what is broken. An executive order granting amnesty to millions of illegal immigrants not only undermines our current immigration policy, but also perpetuates the problem by encouraging more illegal immigration. Thats why I have, and will continue to, strongly oppose amnesty of any form. I have also:
Opposed
the release of criminal illegal immigrants;
Demanded
deportation of illegal immigrant gang members;
Opposed the Administrations actions to selectively enforce our laws and defer deportation;
Strongly support
securing the border as our first priority;
Opposed
the closure of border patrol stations;
Supported
legislation
to verify employment;
Demanded
answers from the President about the taxpayer dollars being spent to house, feed, and transport the unaccompanied minors crossing our border;
and
Voted to prohibit
federal funds or resources to authorize deferred action for any class of illegal immigrants moving forward, and prevent federal funding or resources from being used to authorize work permits for immigrants not lawfully present in the United States.
I will continue to be unrelenting in my demand that the Administration enforce the laws of this nation as the Constitution requires them to do. As a senior member of the House Judiciary Committee, I will continue to fight to support the rule of law and uphold Congress duty to hold the executive branch accountable for its actions.
Weigh in on
my blog
-- I want you to be a part of this conversation.
Yours in service,
Randy
P.S.
I am grateful we have Chairman Goodlatte at the helm of the Judiciary Committee. He has
promised to use every tool the Committee
has available to fight this unconstitutional action on the part of the Administration. I stand strongly in support of his leadership. We. Will. Fight. This.
Home
|
Contact
|
Forward to a Friend
|
Unsubscribe
|
Subscribe
|
Privacy
|
Office Locations
Please do not reply to this message. This email address does not accept incoming messages. To send an email,
click here .
Click Here Click Here