
E-news Sign-up
Tuesday November 25, 2014
CONTACT STEVEN
Opposing Executive Action
In Case You
Missed It...
Gulfport Seabees' morale high despite long Ebola quarantine, congressman says
-- SunHerald
Rep.
Steven Palazzo , R-Miss., met Friday with 15 Navy Seabees from the Mississippi Gulf Coast, home from helping build Ebola treatment facilities in Liberia and waiting out a 21-day isolation period at the Joint Base Langley-Eustice near Virginia Beach, Va.
Mississippi Republican Congressmen against Obama's immigration order
Gulflive
"I am firmly opposed to the president's plan to take unilateral action on immigration," said GOP Rep. Steven Palazzo in a statement after Obama's Thursday speech.
Steven Palazzo Visits HII, Newport
Marine Link
The visit provided an opportunity for Palazzo to see nuclear shipbuilding at Newport News and understand the value that Mississippi suppliers contribute to ship construction in Newport News. Palazzo's visit included a tour of aircraft carrier Gerald R. Ford (CVN 78), which is about 85 percent complete and scheduled for delivery in 2016.
Obama's Executive Order
Last Thursday night, President Obama announced his plan to take unilateral action regarding our immigration system.
I strongly oppose this unlawful action that is not only fundamentally wrong, but will cripple our nation's economy even further.
It is time for Congress to stand up and take action.
President Obama is not a dictator, not a king, but an elected president bound by the Constitution of the United States. Yet, he continues to "play politics" and push his agenda with total disregard for the well-being of the American people.
I will do everything within my power to prevent this unconstitutional and un-welcomed action.
SeaBees Visit
On Friday, I had the opportunity to visit 15 Gulfport-based Seabees that are being isolated at Joint Base Langley Eustis in Hampton,Va.
These sailors, from NMCB-133, came directly from their station in Liberia where they were doing initial survey work on Ebola treatment facilities.
I'm happy to report that they are doing well and are in great health. In their facility, they are free to come and go from 20 buildings that include a fitness and recreational area.
When asked what they are most looking forward to, they said getting back to the state of Mississippi would be enough for them. Their positive attitudes and bravery make me proud of our men and women in uniform.
In your service,
Steven M. Palazzo
Member of Congress
NOTE: Please DO NOT respond to this email as this inbox is unattended. To contact my office please
click here
UNSUBSCRIBE
|
PRIVACY POLICY
|
CONTACT US
Click Here Click Here