
E-news Sign-up
Friday October 31, 2014
WEBSITE
|
FORWARD TO A FRIEND
| SHARE ON:
Around South Mississippi
Youth Leadership Summit
Thursday we hosted our third annual Youth Leadership Summit on the University of Southern Mississippi's campus.
Nearly 400 high school students from 30 different schools came out for the event to hear from community leaders such as Lieutenant Governor Tate Reeves, successful business owner Leslie Henderson, astronaut and retired Navy Captain Stephen Bowen, and award-winning cartoonist Marshall Ramsey.
The students also attended a college fair during lunch and spoke with representatives from the University of Southern Mississippi, William Carey College, Mississippi Gulf Coast Community College, Pearl River Community College and Jones Community College.
I appreciate everyone who came out to help make this leadership summit a success and for taking the time to invest in our state and nation's future leaders!
General Frank Grass Visit
South Mississippi is the home of a number of impressive military installations. Last week, I brought General Frank Grass, chief of the National Guard Bureau and a member of the Joint Chiefs, to the area to see firsthand just what we have to offer.
We toured the Naval Construction Battalion Center (NCBC) and the Combat Readiness Training Center (CRTC) in Gulfport, as well as the Camp Shelby Joint Forces Training Center in Hattiesburg.
General Grass spoke at the 36th Annual Salute to the Military, and we hosted a town hall for service members at Camp Shelby the next day.
It was a pleasure to show off our outstanding military assets right here in South Mississippi.
Football
While much of the state is focused on the colleges a few hours north, we also play some pretty good football in the 4th District.
This past weekend was an exciting one as I made visits to both high school and college football showdowns. On Friday night, the Greene County Wildcats took on the Forrest County AHS Aggies, and I had a great time celebrating senior night with the Aggies.
On Saturday, I had the privilege of doing the opening coin toss at my alma mater Southern Miss. The fans were great participants as part of the Blackout game, and the team made an impressive showing against a tough Louisiana Tech squad. Next up for the Golden Eagles? A night game against the UTEP Miners in El Paso, TX. SMTTT!
For more updates I encourage you to connect with me on
facebook ,
twitter , or by visiting my
website .
In Your Service,
Steven M. Palazzo
Member of Congress
###
NOTE: Please DO NOT respond to this email as this inbox is unattended. To contact my office please
click here
UNSUBSCRIBE
|
PRIVACY POLICY
|
CONTACT US
Click Here Click Here