DOCTYPE html
November 23, 2014
Congressman McHenry Weekly Update
President Obama's Illegal Executive Action
This week, President Obama has once again ignored the will of the American people as he announced executive action on immigration.
In taking executive action President Obama is going against the wishes of a majority of Americans and doing something that he has, on
at least 22 occasions , said he
does not possess the power to do .
I, along with my Republican colleagues in both the House and Senate, strongly oppose the President's action and will do what is possible to block it from taking effect.
You can see
my full statement on President Obama's action here .
Since the President's Thursday night announcement, I have heard from constituents with strong opinions both for and against the executive action.
In continuing my efforts to hear from all constituents, please take a moment to complete the survey below and let me know what you think of President Obama's action.
The survey can be accessed by clicking the image:
Morning Discussion with Politico
On Wednesday of this week I joined Ben White, Politico's Chief Economic Correspondent, for a morning discussion.
During our 45 minute conversation we covered a variety of subjects including how Republicans might react to the President's executive action on immigration, plans for the 114th Congress, and my role on the House Financial Services Committee.
To view full video of our conversation, please click the image below:
Proud to Support
One of the greatest impediments to job growth in this country is Washington red tape and no agency is more responsible for that than the Environmental Protection Agency.
This week the
House passed legislation
to help businesses by removing some of these barriers.
H.R. 4795, the Promoting More Manufacturing Act , requires the EPA to provide guidance on how to comply with the regulations they produce.
I was proud to support this legislation as it will greatly reduce the barriers businesses face when opening new manufacturing facilities through the country.
What I Have Been Reading
Man remembered for work on atomic bomb, space program
Lincoln Times-News
I thoroughly enjoyed this biographical article on Lincoln County native James Conrad Little.
Little earned an engineering degree from UNC-Chapel Hill in the 1930s and went on to work on the Manhattan Project which produced the atomic weapons eventually used to end the war in Japan during World War II.
He later went on to work at NASA as well.
Please take a moment to read this story on Mr. Little's fascinating life.
Obamacare Sign-Ups Were Inflated With Dental Plans
Bloomberg News
The story above highlights one of the greatest frustrations the American people have with Obamacare, the fact that it has consistently been sold to them on the basis of lies.
From "if you like your plan you can keep it" to the comments of Jonathan Gruber, time and again this Administration has failed to be honest with Americans when it comes to Obamacare.
That they would embellish enrollment numbers by the smallest margin to hit a goal is far from surprising but still deeply troubling.
Textiles making comeback in Western North Carolina
Asheville Citizen-Times
While the textile industry in Western North Carolina has had struggles over the years, it continues to be an important asset to the area.
In fact, as the article above highlights, it is making a comeback throughout the area.
WASHINGTON, D.C. OFFICE
2334 Rayburn HOB
Washington, D.C. 20515
Telephone: 202.225.2576
Fax: 202.225.0316
HICKORY DISTRICT OFFICE
87 4th St. NW, Ste A, PO Box 1830
Hickory, NC 28603
Telephone: 828.327.6100
Toll-Free in NC: 800.477.2576
Fax: 828.327.8311
GASTONIA DISTRICT OFFICE
Suite 115
Gaston Co. Administrative Bldg
128 West Main Avenue
Gastonia, NC 28053
Telephone: 704.833.0096
BLACK MTN. DISTRICT OFFICE
160 Midland Avenue
Black Mountain, NC 28711
Telephone: 828.669.0600
Click Here Click Here