DOCTYPE html
December 7, 2014
Congressman McHenry Weekly Update
Fighting President Obama's Illegal Action
Following President Obama's announcement of executive action on immigration, I
strongly condemned
the President's action as being both illegal and unhelpful to the goal of reforming our nation's immigration system.
That week, I used
my weekly email
to ask whether or not you supported President Obama's action.
Below is a pie chart highlighting the results of the poll which showed the vast majority of respondents are opposed to President Obama's executive action:
This week, the House of Representatives acted to block President Obama's illegal executive action by passing H.R. 5759, the Preventing Executive Overreach on Immigration Act.
This bill, introduced by my colleague Ted Yoho of Florida, would nullify the President's executive action and restore the rule of law.
While it is unlikely the Harry Reid-led Senate will act on this legislation, House Republicans remain committed to working to block this action, especially when Republicans regain control of the Senate in January.
Proud to Support
This past Wednesday I was proud to vote in favor of perhaps the
most bipartisan piece of legislation
to come before this Congress,
as the House passed H.R. 647, the ABLE Act .
Cosponsored by 75 Senators and 380 Representatives, myself included, the ABLE Act allows the families of disabled Americans to create tax-free savings accounts to pay for their children's future care.
These savings accounts would be much like the accounts used by most Americans to save for their retirement or the college educations of their children.
This legislation is especially meaningful for three of my House colleagues.
Click the image below to hear Congresswoman Cathy McMorris Rodgers (WA), Congressman Pete Sessions (TX), and Congressman Ander Crenshaw (FL) talk about the importance of this legislation:
Kicking Off Christmas Season
This week, the House kicked off the holiday season with the annual lighting of the Capitol Christmas tree.
This year's ceremony was extra special as 10 year old
Aaron Urban of Maryland
had the honors of flipping the switch and turning on the lights for the tree.
Aaron is brave young man currently fighting a battle against brain cancer who had a wish of enjoying the Christmas season in New York.
To kick off his trip, he and his father joined Speaker Boehner to light the tree.
You can see video of the full ceremony by clicking the image below.
I also highly recommend
this touching video
of Aaron learning he will have the honor of lighting this year's tree.
What I Have Been Reading
WCU band plays on adrenaline in Macy's parade
WCNC - NBC Charlotte
Western North Carolina was well represented at this year's Macy's Thanksgiving parade as the Pride of the Mountains Marching Band from Western Carolina University led the parade. This is a tremendous honor for any band and I would like to congratulate Chancellor David Belcher and all 505 members of the band on earning the spot.
I am proud to represent the University's Biltmore Park campus and enjoyed seeing them perform on Thanksgiving day.
Hard work harvesting Fraser firs for holidays
Asheville Citizen-Times
Christmas trees are big business in Western North Carolina and this story from the Asheville Citizen-Times highlights the hard work that goes into the annual harvest.
As the second largest tree producing state in the country, North Carolina supplies over four million trees to Americans throughout the nation.
The Fairest Castle of Them All
The Wall Street Journal
Not surprising to see Asheville's Biltmore Estate lead this list of the most popular "public mansions" in the country.
WSJ compiled their list via Facebook likes and ratings on the website
TripAdvisor
and Biltmore easily outpaced the competition.
The estate and grounds are beautiful and certainly one of the jewels of Western NC.
WASHINGTON, D.C. OFFICE
2334 Rayburn HOB
Washington, D.C. 20515
Telephone: 202.225.2576
Fax: 202.225.0316
HICKORY DISTRICT OFFICE
87 4th St. NW, Ste A, PO Box 1830
Hickory, NC 28603
Telephone: 828.327.6100
Toll-Free in NC: 800.477.2576
Fax: 828.327.8311
GASTONIA DISTRICT OFFICE
Suite 115
Gaston Co. Administrative Bldg
128 West Main Avenue
Gastonia, NC 28053
Telephone: 704.833.0096
BLACK MTN. DISTRICT OFFICE
160 Midland Avenue
Black Mountain, NC 28711
Telephone: 828.669.0600
Click Here Click Here