
If
you are having trouble viewing this message or would like to share it
on a social network, you can
view the message online .
Home
Biography
News
Issues &amp; Legislation
Constituent Services
The District
Contact
Us
November 14, 2014
In
This Week's Edition of E-News ...
President Hints Executive Action Coming Soon on Illegal
Immigration
Murphy Continues Examination of Response of
Ebola Outbreak
Following Removal of VA
Director, Murphy Continues Pressure on Legionnaires
Outbreak
House Again Advances Keystone XL
Pipeline
President Hints
Executive Action Coming Soon on Illegal
Immigration
Statements by the President, echoed by
his White House spokesman this week, indicate he will move forward on
his vow to fix as much of our immigration system as I can on my
own.
While specific details remain unclear, it is
anticipated the President may change green card quotas, issue work permits,
increase funding for unaccompanied minors, and end deportation proceedings
for as many as 5.5 million adults who have been living in the U.S.
illegally for at least five years.
Reaction from Congress
came quickly, with dozens of Members expressing grave concern over
sweeping changes to current law outside of congressional action.
Congressman Murphy signed his name onto a letter to the President on Friday,
formally announcing congressional disapproval of any unilateral action
taken by the Administration on immigration reform via executive action
that circumvents the legislative process.
Murphy further
urged continued work House-passed bills, never taken up in the Senate,
to get a handle on the border crisis.
In August when the
surge of unaccompanied minors was at its peak, the Senate left
Washington without action on two measures adopted in the House to strengthen
border enforcement and stop the Administration from continuing
executive action that resulted in a massive increase of illegal crossings
and the smuggling of children through Americas southern
border.
The first bill, HR 5230, which passed 223-189 with Rep. Murphys
support, provided emergency funding for border security and
enforcement fully paid for by cuts from other government accounts and
recessions of existing funds across various federal agencies. It empowered
Southwestern border governors to deploy the National Guard to secure their
state boundaries without approval from the President, who has denied
Guard deployment. The House bill also ended the current practice that
blocks Customs and Border Patrol agents from pursuing illegal border
crossings on federal lands.
The House bill established a
last-in, first-out policy to prioritize the removal of those most
recently arrived and requires expedited immigration court hearings by
adding temporary judges to help adjudicate cases on the southern border.
Increasing the number of temporary immigration judges will allow the
courts to process more cases quickly and reduce the lengthy wait
periods between detention and removal. And it also prevented the
Administration from allowing illegal entrants with known criminal history, such
as serious drug related convictions, from applying for
asylum.
The second measure, which also passed with Congressman Murphys
support, overturned the Administrations DREAM Act Executive Order and
prohibited the advancement of the Presidents initiative to give legal
work permits for aliens not lawfully present in the United States.
The companion bill also immediately terminated the Presidents Deferred
Action for Childhood Arrivals (DACA). Issued by the White House in
2012 without congressional authorization, the Presidents DACA initiative
effectively blocked deportation of illegal immigrants who were
brought to the United States as children prior to 2007, and has been at the
heart of the recent crush on the border, with the tens of thousands of
illegal border crossings this year alone. The House bill immediately
terminated these White House initiatives that were never authorized by
Congress.
Both House measures died in the Senate when
Majority Leader Harry Reid closing down Senate operations for the month
of August, but could be brought up again in the lame duck session.
If the President takes unilateral action during lame duck, Speaker
Boehner has promised floor action in response. Stay tuned for further
details.
To share your thoughts on immigration, please
click here .
Murphy Continues Examination of Response of Ebola
Outbreak
With the White
House formally
requesting Congress authorize $6.2
billion
in emergency spending on Countering Ebola At Home and
Abroad," Oversight&amp; Investigations Subcommittee Chairman Tim Murphy
announced he will convene a second a congressional hearing Tuesday,
November 18 th
at 1:00 PM.
The number of deaths
from the Ebola virus has just surpassed 5,000 with more than 14,000 total
cases. The virus, which has concentrated in the hot zone West
African countries of Guinea, Liberia and Sierra Leone, is now on what is
being called a second wave in Mali linked to an imam who entered Mali
from Guinea and died late last month with Ebola-like symptoms
not initially identified as the Ebola virus. The second wave in Mali is
causing great concern given the lack of preparedness in the country
coupled with no traveler monitoring or restrictions in
place.
These issues will be reviewed at Murphys hearing, entitled Update
on the U.S. Public Health Response to the Ebola Outbreak, with
additional focus on understanding why CDC did not did not more aggressively
prepare US hospitals to treat
Ebola cases, as well as an update
on the Administrations strategy to fight the virus in Africa.
Witness scheduled to testify include Dr. Tom Frieden, Director of the
Centers for Disease Control and Prevention, the Acting Surgeon General, the
global aid group Samaritans Purse, and an official from the
University of Nebraska Medical Center (UNMC).
The University of
Nebraska is one of four treatment centers in the United States with
specialized biocontainment laboratories and experience caring for complex
Ebola patients. On Friday, the hospital
announced
it would admit a physician from Sierra Leone for treatment this
weekend. It's unknown whether the doctor was working in an African Ebola
treatment unit or some other type of hospital.
Late
Friday, the Pentagon announced 2,100 Army National Guard and Reserve
soldiers would be mobilized to contain the spread of Ebola in West Africa.
Last month, the President issued an Executive Order authorizing the
deployment of reserve forces and that before deploying, all soldiers would
be trained to protect themselves from Ebola and other medical
conditions, including malaria.
Last month, Murphy sent a
letter
to the President outlining
nine
key next steps
that the Administration must take to protect
Americans from the Ebola virus. His recommendations included among others
travel restrictions; 21-day quarantines for those Americans who have been
exposed to Ebola or were visiting the West African hot spots; and
stepped up training and protection for healthcare workers. Several of his
recommendations have already been adopted.
You can watch
the hearing live
here
on Tuesday at
1PM.
To share your thoughts on the Administrations response to
the Ebola outbreak, please
click
here .
Following Removal of VA
Director, Murphy Continues Pressure on Legionnaires
Outbreak
Click here to watch Murphy question
Deputy Secretary of Veterans Affairs, Sloan
Gibson
After
nearly two years of intense scrutiny and criticism from Congressman
Murphy over the 2012 Legionnaires Disease outbreak that took the lives
of six veterans in Southwestern Pennsylvania, the Department of
Veterans Affairs (VA) announced the termination of the Director of the VA
Pittsburgh Healthcare System (VAPHS) this week.
The
now-terminated Director had been suspended with pay since June as the VA
completed its investigation into her role in the outbreak, with the
final decision based upon allegations of conduct unbecoming a senior
executive and wasteful spending were substantiated.
Hours
later at House Veterans Affairs Committee, Murphy raised concerns to
Deputy Secretary of Veterans Affairs Sloan Gibson about other senior
executives who were in charge throughout the outbreak. Notably, VAPHS
Deputy Director David Cord, who during the outbreak
directed
hospital staff to withhold information from the media and
the public, potentially putting additional veterans at risk. Yet,
despite this involvement was promoted to Director of the Erie VA Medical
Center last month.
I think that is indefensible and
incomprehensible, and it sends a terrible message to the employees of the
VA system that, you know what, if you hide information and even though
people die, youre going to get promoted said Murphy whose
investigation of the outbreak was covered in the
Pittsburgh Post-Gazette ,
Tribune-Review , and
KDKA .
If youre trying to
change the morale of the VA and hold people accountable, again its
incomprehensible to me that a man like this is told hes
promoted.
Murphy, who said the investigation will continue, received a
pledge from Deputy Secretary Gibson to review Cords promotion. Watch the
full video of Rep. Murphys questioning
here .
Earlier in the week on Veterans Day, Murphy crisscrossed
the 18 th
congressional district to attend as many events as
possible to personally thank our regions veterans for their service to
our nation.
During a speech at
Veterans Park
in Upper St. Clair, Murphy told a moving story about the
U.S.S. Constitution warship, upon which sailors once rowed for 57 hours
during the War of 1812 to defend against an attacking British
ship.
That is what we must recognize when we serve our veterans.
We must take over the oars. They are tired, and they have done their
duty. We must recognize the one percent who take up the call for the
99 percent of this country.
At the Rogersville Methodist
Church Veterans Day ceremony, in Greene County, Murphy met with local
veterans who gather every year to share stories of both their own
service and that of their forefathers.
Click here
to
read about these families.
To share your thoughts on
our veterans and the Legionnaires outbreak at the Pittsburgh VA,
please
click here .
House Again Advances Keystone XL
Pipeline
On Friday the House of
Representatives, for the ninth time, passed legislation (H.R. 5682) with
Congressman Murphys support, to move the Keystone Pipeline forward.
Citing the need to create jobs and move America towards greater energy
independence, a bipartisan majority in Congress have expressed
frustration over the Administrations repeated delays. According to the
Department of Energy, the Pipelines completion would allow the U.S. to
process 830,000 barrels of oil per day, which represents about half of all
oil imported from the Middle East. In addition, the State Department
has estimated the project would support over 42,000 American jobs and
contribute at least $2 billion to the U.S. economy.
Yet,
for six-plus years, the President has refused to approve the Keystone
XL Pipeline project despite the numerous approvals from government
regulators on meeting the required safety standards, including
remote-controlled shutoff valves, a more aggressive increased pipeline
inspection schedule, and the use of thicker steel pipe. In addition to
established safety requirements, the Keystone project includes 57 additional
safety measures, prompting the federal Pipeline and Hazardous Materials
Safety Administration to declare it would have a degree of safety
over any other typically constructed domestic oil
pipeline.
Last January, the Department of State completed a multi-year,
comprehensive environmental impact study that found the pipeline to be
environmentally safe and would not result in an increase of global
greenhouse gas emissions. The Presidents State Department further
concluded that not building the Pipeline
would result
in more oil spills, six more deaths annually, and more than 40 percent
higher greenhouse gas emissions.
As Congress worked this
week on passing the Keystone Pipeline project to advance the use of
North American energy resources, the President announced his intention
to veto the Keystone bill while at the same time, putting $3 billion
into an international climate change fund. At a speech in
Australia over the weekend, the President is expected commit the United States
to a global pact, backed by a $3 billion commitment, to cut back coal
and oil energy sources. The US dollars will go to the Green Climate
Fund, an international financial institution created last year by the
United Nations with headquarters in Seoul, South Korea. Congressman
Murphy rejected the plan and continued his call on the President to
invest in clean coal projects here in the United States, which would have a
tremendous economic impact on Southwestern
Pennsylvania.
To share your thoughts on the Keystone XL Pipeline or domestic
energy policy, please
click
here .
Please Feel Free to Tell a Friend
E-mail:
E-mail:
E-mail:
Washington D.C.
Office
2332 Rayburn HOB
Washington, DC 20515
Phone: (202) 2252301
Fax: (202) 2251844
Mt. Lebanon
Office
504 Washington Road
Pittsburgh, PA 15228
Phone: (412)
3445583
Fax: (412) 4295092
Greensburg
Office
2040 Frederickson Place
Greensburg, PA 15601
Phone:
(724) 8507312
Fax: (724) 8507315
Unsubscribe
|
Update My Profile
|
Privacy
Policy
