
If you are
having trouble viewing this message or would like to share it on a
social network, you can
view
the message online .
HOME
ABOUT
CONTACT ME
SERVING YOU
MEDIA CENTER
ISSUES &amp;
LEGISLATION
OUR
DISTRICT
December 05, 2014
Dear Friend,
This
morning I sent a letter with a group of colleagues to the House
Appropriations Committee requesting that they include my amendment to prohibit
spending federal dollars on California high-speed rail in any
end-of-the-year funding measures. CA HSR's current plan is light-years removed
from what voters approved in 2008 with Prop 1A. The California High
Speed Rail Authority is trying to spend money it doesnt have on the
false assumption that more federal funds are coming. No taxpayer should
have their hard earned money spent on skyrocketing expenses they never
supported. My letter, which you can read
here ,
was also signed by Representatives Doug LaMalfa (CA-01), Devin Nunes
(CA-22), Paul Cook (CA-08), Ed Royce (CA-39), John Campbell (CA-45),
Darrell Issa (CA-49), Duncan Hunter (CA-52), Dana Rohrabacher (CA-48),
Buck McKeon (CA-25), Gary Miller (CA-31), Ken Calvert (CA-42) and Tom
McClintock (CA-04).
On Thursday I supported the final
version of the National Defense Authorization Act for FY 2015, or NDAA. The
NDAA provides annual authorities for our nations security and ensures
continued congressional oversight of our ongoing military operations,
like those in Syria and Iraq.
This week I also voted for
the ABLE Act, which will empower the families of disabled individuals
to save money for their child's long-term disability expenses in the
same way families of able-bodied children can currently save for
college. ABLE accounts will function like 529 plans, leveling the playing
field for disabled individuals and their loved ones. This bill means
they can focus on the future
on ability.
Click here
for more information on the ABLE Act .
Yesterday, I
opposed H.R. 5759, the Preventing Executive Overreach on Immigration Act.
I am staunchly opposed to the Presidents decision to take executive
action on immigration reform and ignore the will of the American
people and Congress. I support finding a real and long term fix to our
broken immigration system, but as Ive said in this newsletter before, an
executive order isn't real leadership and it's not a lasting reform
that will give certainty to a land of immigrants. Unfortunately, this
bill did not offer any solutions to our immigration problems or address
border security, internal security, visa reforms, or any of the other
aspects of our broken immigration system that need fixing. This bill
could also potentially jeopardize the future of our DREAMers. Children
brought here by their parents, through no fault of their own, cannot
be held accountable for their parents actions.
We also
passed a bill to prevent a tax hike on small businesses, individuals and
American manufacturers. Our convoluted, cumbersome tax code needs
major reform. Weve made progress on a larger bipartisan deal, but while
we work on permanent solutions, this short-term package will help lay
the groundwork for future reform efforts.
I spoke to
members of the OneRail coalition about the future of our nations rail
system and the Passenger Rail Reform and Investment Act of 2014 (PRRIA),
a bill I introduced revitalize Amtrak and reform it to operate more
like a business. Ensuring your taxpayer dollars are being spent as
efficiently as possible is priority one for me. PRRIA would also allow rail
lines like ACE to access RRIF loans and expand rail infrastructure in
California. The bill passed unanimously out of the Transportation and
Infrastructure committee in September.
I visited with OneRail Coalition members on Tuesday to
discuss the value of freight and passenger rail to the national
transportation network.
On Tuesday, I
was proud to accept the American Kennel Clubs legislator of the year
award for my support of canine issues.
I accepted AKCs award from Sheila Goffe, Director of AKC
Government Affairs in my D.C.
office.
Wishing you a wonderful weekend!
P.S. If
youre not connected with me on
Facebook ,
Twitter ,
Instagram
or
YouTube
yet, please visit my pages this week.
JEFF
DENHAM
Do you think California should be able to
spend federal money on high-speed rail?
Yes No Do
you support the ABLE Act, allowing families of disabled individuals
to put aside money that could grow tax-free for their childrens future
expenses?
Yes No *By answering
this survey, you are subscribing to my newsletter. If you
are having trouble, click here.
E-mail Updates
Yes, please
periodically send me e-mail updates.*
*By subscribing to my
e-mail updates, you are
authorizing me to send regular e-mail updates from my office to your e-mail
account.
DC office:
1730 Longworth
HOB
Washington, DC
20515
P: 202-225-4540
F: 202-225-3402
Modesto Office:
4701 Sisk Road,
Suite 202
Modesto, CA 95356
P: 209-579-5458
F:
209-579-5028
Unsubscribe
|
Update My Profile
|
Privacy Policy
gateway mail end
