 Mail
begin
If you are having
trouble viewing this message or would like to share it on a social
network, you can
view the
message online .
HOME
ABOUT ME
CONSTITUENT SERVICES
NEWS
CONTACT
Folks,
A recent article in The
Virginian-Pilot
discusses
the challenges facing the Navy as ship maintenance backlogs threaten
our forces overall readiness and ability to deploy effectively and
efficiently. This highlights how the impacts of the sequester continue to
be felt despite budgetary stop gap measures put in place for FY14 and
FY15.
Since the failure of the so-called super
committee in 2011, I have been sounding the alarm about the catastrophic
impacts of the sequester on our nations military. As Chairman of the
House Armed Services Readiness Subcommittee, I will continue to
closely monitor this issue and work with my colleagues to conduct vigorous
oversight to ensure the problem gets corrected.
NAVY
FALLS BEHIND ON MAINTENANCE, DEPLOYMENTS
By
Mike Hixenbaugh
The
Virginian-Pilot
October 27, 2014
NORFOLK - The Navy's recent
decision to swap two scheduled aircraft carrier deployments revealed a
problem plaguing the service: After years of conflict in the Middle
East, its aging fleet of warships has been overtasked and under-cared
for, leading to a growing maintenance backlog that threatens its ability
to respond to future threats.
Of the warships that entered
private and public shipyards for repairs and upgrades last year, fewer
than half rejoined the fleet on time and on budget, according to the
Navy's own analysis. The factors contributing to the delays and
overruns are many, and although the Navy has a plan to correct the problem,
digging out of the hole will likely take years.
Adm.
Jonathan Greenert, chief of naval operations, explained last week how
delayed maintenance can have a cascading effect across the fleet, leading to
extended deployments, rescheduled or canceled departures - and
uncertainty for sailors and their families.
"It starts in the
maintenance phase," Greenert told sailors aboard the amphibious assault
ship Kearsarge during a visit to Norfolk Naval Station. "We need to
give you all - and the carriers and the other large ships that need a lot
of shipyard time - the time to get the maintenance done so that
you're not spilling over into the training phases, which spills over into
the preparation for deployment, and then into deployment. Then you're
not ready to go, you're not manned, all the maintenance didn't get
done, too much was deferred - and you start down a vicious
cycle."
The issue came to a head this month when the Navy announced that
after more than a year in the shipyard, the aircraft carrier Dwight D.
Eisenhower wouldn't be ready to return to the fleet and wouldn't
deploy next fall, as planned. The aircraft carrier Harry S. Truman, 20
years younger than the Eisenhower, will instead forgo some scheduled
maintenance and deploy in the Ike's place.
The root of the
problem, according to Rear Adm. Richard Berkey: For years, the Navy has
deferred maintenance to keep ships deployed in support of the wars in
Iraq and Afghanistan. Now, as its budget shrinks, the service is trying
to catch up on all the work required for ships to reach their expected
service lives, said Berkey, the admiral in charge of maintenance at
Fleet Forces Command in Norfolk.
The problem was complicated
last year by the across-the-board defense spending cuts demanded by
sequestration. For six months after the cuts came down in early 2013,
the Navy's public shipyards - including Norfolk Naval Shipyard in
Portsmouth - were forced to impose a hiring freeze and restrict overtime for
civilian employees. That led to a manpower deficit at a time when the
shipyards were seeing increased workloads, said Chris Johnson, a
spokesman for Naval Sea Systems Command.
The Navy's public
shipyards primarily work on nuclear vessels. Because of the manpower
shortage, the Eisenhower will remain at Norfolk Naval Shipyard for several
months longer than planned. In addition, work on eight submarines is
backlogged, with delays ranging from two to nine
months.
Adm. William Hilarides, head of Naval Sea Systems Command, discussed the
submarine backlog during a recent defense symposium in Northern
Virginia. Although the Navy is trying to hire more workers, Hilarides told
the audience, there aren't enough qualified workers to meet the
demands.
Hilarides suggested that this is the new normal for
submarines: "We will not catch those schedules back up," he
said.
Earlier this year, Fleet Forces Command announced a plan to bring
stability to carriers and surface ships. The strategy, known as the
Optimized Fleet Response Plan, deploys ships less frequently - once every
36 months instead of once every 32 months. The plan makes seven-month
deployments the new standard, as opposed to six-month cruises on paper
that often stretched to eight months or longer. It also leaves more
time for maintenance.
The new cycle begins next year with
aircraft carrier strike groups and will expand across the fleet in the
coming years, said Berkey.
The plan should allow the Navy to
catch up on maintenance, Berkey said, but "there's a transition
period that we're going to have to work our way through." The Eisenhower
and Truman swap is a consequence of that transition, he
said.
The Navy's plan to get back on track is contingent upon factors
outside its control. Should an overseas crisis demand additional assets, or
should the Navy's budget get slashed by another round of
sequestration in 2016, more ship shuffling would likely
follow.
Offices
Yorktown
Office
401 Main
Street
Yorktown, VA 23690
Phone: (757) 874-6687
Fax: (757) 874-7164
View
Google Directions
Stafford Office
95 Dunn Drive
Ste. 201
Stafford, Virginia
22556
Phone: (540) 659-2734
Fax: (540) 659-2737
View Google
Directions
Tappahannock Office
508 Church Lane
Tappahannock, VA 22560
Phone: (804) 443-0668
Fax: (804) 443-0671
View Google
Directions
Washington D.C.
Office
2454 Rayburn H.O.B.
Washington, DC 20515
Phone: (202) 225-4261
Fax: (202) 225-4382
View
Google Directions
Unsubscribe
|
Update My Profile
|
Privacy Policy
gateway mail end
