
If
you are having trouble viewing this message or would like to share it
on a social network, you can
view the message online .
Home
Biography
News
Issues &amp; Legislation
Constituent Services
The District
Contact
Us
November 07, 2014
In This Week's Edition of E-News
...
Dedicated Public Servant Honored at Veterans Day
Celebration in Greensburg
Murphy Honored
For Steel Caucus Accomplishments
Access to
Speech Devices For Severely Disabled to be Restored
Wash County Celebrates Ten Years of Marcellus Shale
Exploration
Regions First New Maternity Unit in 30
Years Opens
Dedicated Public Servant Honored at Veterans Day Celebration
in Greensburg
Lou Lazzaro, Second Class Petty Officer Duane Myers,
and Airman First Class Daryl Brown.
Click
here
to see more photos on
Facebook.
The gymnasium at Amos K.
Hutchinson Elementary School in Greensburg was packed to the rafters with
students, parents, residents and well-wishers on Friday to pay
special tribute to Mr. Louis Lazzaro: a Vietnam Veteran, a longtime
distinguished Pennsylvania state trooper, a pillar of the community, and the
current Deputy Chief of Staff for Congressman Tim
Murphy.
The school honored Mr. Lazzaro, who has spent over three decades in
public service including time as the past President of the Pennsylvania
Association of State Troopers, with the Honor to Country and
Community Award.
Fridays celebration was a true community event,
bringing together students, local veterans, and featuring performances by
buglers from Seton Hill University and the Greensburg Salem High School
Golden Lions Marching Band. Hutchinson Elementary Principal Kevin
Bringe served as master of ceremonies for the event and third grade
teacher Billie Jo Crouse delivered a speech on the history and traditions
of Veterans Day.
In remarks to the schoolchildren, Rep.
Murphy said whether it was as a soldier, state trooper, or as a public
servant, Lou Lazzaro has always been actively helping people whenever
there is a need.
Many times you think of someone in
sports, movies, or music and we mistakenly call them heroes. They are not.
They are entertainers, Murphy told the schoolchildren. The real
heroes are the veterans who were willing to step forward and make every
sacrifice to defend our nation and our freedoms. Those are our real
heroes
and Lou Lazzaro is my hero.
Congressman Murphy
honored Lazzaro with a Congressional citation, recognizing his receipt of
the Honor to Country and Community Award. Representatives from VFW
Post 33 in Greensburg, which recently celebrated its 100 th
Anniversary, were also on hand and presented Mr. Lazzaro with an American
Flag that was flown over the U.S. Capitol Building that recognized
his service to the country. Fifth grade students from Hutchinson also
presented him with commemorative items to mark the momentous occasion,
including a symbolic key to the school and city. Veterans Day,
originally known as Armistice Day to mark the end of the First World War, will
be celebrated this upcoming Tuesday, November
11 th .
To share your thoughts on Veterans Day,
please
click
here .
Murphy Honored For Steel Caucus
Accomplishments
Hundreds at May
rally
with Rep. Murphy
in
Munhall
to
Save our Steel Jobs.
In appreciation of his leadership
as Chairman of the Congressional Steel Caucus, Congressman Tim Murphy
was honored Monday night by 170 members of the Pittsburgh chapter of
the Association of Iron &amp; Steel Technology and the Association of
Women in Metals Industry.
During his tenure, Murphy
spearheaded efforts to enforce US trade laws against illegally-traded
imports from South Korea, China and Russia.
Industry analysts
credited Murphy with getting the Commerce Department to crack down on
subsidized steel from Russia last month. And this past August, Murphy
organized 155 Republican and Democrat lawmakers in pressuring the
Administration to reverse its position on whether South Korea could
continue to flood the US market with steel pipe used in oil and gas drilling
and pipelines. Cheap illegally-traded imports from South Korean
forced US Steel to shutter its McKeesport tube plant (read more in the
McKeesport Daily News ).
In my
role as Chairman, I want to see trade laws respected and enforced by
the Administration. We want open trade with many nations, but when
countries cheat, it is up to Congress and the Administration to stop it.
Thats why I intend to continue fighting on behalf of the 154,000
American families who depend on steel to make a
living.
Forty years ago, the United States produced and consumed 137 million tons
of steel, Murphy noted. This year, domestic steelmakers will churn out
just 90 million tons, sacrificing more than a quarter of the market
in part because foreign countries like China are not being held
accountable for breaking US trade laws.
Congressman Murphy told
the audience that American steelmakers have a tremendous opportunity
to reduce their costs from massive US coal deposits. However,
regulations pushed by the Environmental Protection Agency that make it harder
to use coal here will only benefit steelmakers in foreign countries
like China that have no clean air and water
regulations.
Steelmakers could also benefit from infrastructure investment, he said.
The countrys roads and bridges require more than $2.2 trillion in
improvements just to be brought into a state of good repair. Murphy is the
author of the Infrastructure Jobs and Energy Independence Act (H.R.
787), which dramatically expands domestic energy production and
dedicates new federal royalty revenue toward paying down the debt and
rebuilding Americas aging roads, bridges, locks, and dams. Not only would
such a building boom demand massive amounts of steel, but also free the
US from having to import foreign oil.
I would rather see
our men in hardhats and tool belts drilling our own oil and gas than
see them in helmets with rifles defending an OPEC oil field, said
Murphy.
To share your thoughts on the steel industry,
please
click here .
Access to Speech Devices For Severely Disabled to
be Restored
Just
24 hours after receiving a letter from Oversight Chairman Tim Murphy,
the Administration reversed course on a proposal to cut off access to
special equipment used by people who cannot speak as a result of
debilitating illness and disease.
In February, the Centers for
Medicare and Medicaid Services (CMS) announced that it would no
longer cover certain speech generating devices (SGDs), which are used by
the severely disabled to communicate with a loved one or caregiver when
a disease like Lou Gehrigs Disease takes away their ability to talk.
Medicare decided to prohibit patients from spending their own money to
modify their speech generating device so it could also be used to
electronically open and close doors or control the thermostat in their
house.
Rep. Murphy stepped in and sent a
letter
on Tuesday to CMS Administrator Marilyn Tavenner calling on
her to reconsider this new policy.
These patientsmust
have speech generating devices so they can communicate with their
loved ones and caregivers, Murphy stated in the letter. To take away
this tool at a moment when these individuals are already suffering would
be cruel and uncompassionate.
Last month, Murphy met
with local patient advocates and employees of Semantic Compaction
Systems, a Castle Shannon-based software firm that makes SGDs for the
severely disabled. Read more about Murphys work on this issue in
Kaiser Health News .
In addition to rescinding
its proposal, the agency also announced at Congressman Murphys
insistence that CMS will take into account feedback from the disability
rights community before issuing any new proposals related to speech
generating devices.
To share your thoughts on this issue,
please
click
here .
Wash County Celebrates Ten Years of Marcellus Shale
Exploration
Murphy discusses
safe natural gas
exploration.
In just ten years time, the
Marcellus Shale has transformed Southwestern Pennsylvania, and Washington
County in particular, into an energy and economic
juggernaut.
On Wednesday, Murphy
commemorated
the
decade anniversary of the first successful shale well at an event at
Southpointe entitled The Energy Capital Celebration:
Ten Years of
Marcellus Shale Success!
In October 2004, when Range
Resources drilled at the Renz site in Mt. Pleasant Township, it was the
first time horizontal drilling techniques were successfully employed in
the Marcellus shale.
The Marcellus has the potential to
erase our trade deficit with OPEC, save hundreds of billions in military
costs, and reverse the losses of our manufacturing strength. But,
beyond the domestic benefit of natural gas, there is a unique opportunity
to aid our allies abroad and advance peace through the strength found
in energy independence, Murphy told the crowd of business leaders,
community stakeholders, and local elected
officials.
Russia routinely cuts off natural gas supplies from American allies like
Ukraine and Poland as a tool to extort and exert control in global
political affairs, said Murphy. And as a result, countries look to the U.S.
and specifically to Southwestern Pennsylvania for a model of safe and
responsible natural gas development.
Rep. Murphy
discussed this issue last week with a delegation of German elected officials
and policymakers who visited the region at the Congressmans
invitation to get a first-hand understanding of how hydraulic fracturing can be
safely employed to extract clean-burning natural gas. Germany has
supplies of natural gas but has been
reluctant
to
allow hydraulic fracturing due to myths and misinformation, much of
which is propagated by the Russian oil monopoly Gazprom. Russia supplies
more than a third of Germanys natural gas
consumption.
With the Marcellus Shale and other deep rock formations containing
vast amounts of clean-burning natural gas, the United States is presented
with a unique opportunity to finally become energy independent by
advancing policies that expand the use of natural gas in sectors like
manufacturing and transportation. But we must do it right, with a
dedicated focus on responsible exploration and development of this resource,
Murphy told the group. In the 18th Congressional District and the
Commonwealth of Pennsylvania, we have no higher priority than to
maintain our clean drinking water sources, especially for the residents who
get their drinking water from private wells. This balanced focused can
serve as a model worldwide.
Rep. Murphy recounted the
discussions held during a recent congressional delegation visit to
Germany as well as his meeting with German Chancellor Angela Merkel. During
their meeting, Murphy extended to Chancellor Merkel an open
invitation to travel to SWPA and see for herself the benefits of safe natural
gas exploration. Last summer, the daily German newspaper
Der Tagesspiegel
published an article by Rep. Murphy on the
potential for safe exploration of natural gas to contribute to global
peace and prosperity.
To share your thoughts on natural
gas development, please
click
here .
Regions First New Maternity
Unit in 30 Years Opens
Celebrating the first maternity unit to open in the Mon Valley and
South Hills
in
30
years.
For the first time in over 30 years, expecting mothers
and families in the South Hills and Mon Valley have a new
state-of-the-art facility where they can welcome the newest additions to their
families. On Wednesday, Congressman Murphy and the greater Jefferson
Hills community gathered for a ribbon-cutting ceremony for the
23,000-square-foot unit, which includes eight full-service delivery rooms, two
dedicated cesarean section operating rooms, and a child-focused family
playroom named in honor of Penguin legend Mario Lemieuxs son, Austin,
who spent over 70 days in a hospital after being born
prematurely.
In recent years the closure of obstetrics units at
Monongahela Valley Hospital and UPMC McKeesport required expecting mothers to
travel to Pittsburgh in order to receive maternity care. At the
ceremony, Congressman Murphy thanked all those whose efforts contributed to
the opening of the new unit at Jefferson, which will enable South
Hills residents to remain close to home while still being able to receive
high quality care. The new obstetrics and newborn unit at
Jefferson Hospital will formally begin accepting new patients on
Monday.
Please Feel Free to Tell a Friend
E-mail:
E-mail:
E-mail:
Washington D.C.
Office
2332 Rayburn HOB
Washington, DC 20515
Phone: (202)
2252301
Fax: (202) 2251844
Mt. Lebanon
Office
504 Washington Road
Pittsburgh, PA 15228
Phone: (412)
3445583
Fax: (412) 4295092
Greensburg
Office
2040 Frederickson Place
Greensburg, PA
15601
Phone: (724) 8507312
Fax: (724) 8507315
Unsubscribe
|
Update My Profile
|
Privacy Policy
