
After Tuesday&rsquo;s tough election, there's a lot of talk about what happened, why, and what it means for Barack Obama&rsquo;s final two years in office.
And to be honest, we&rsquo;re asking ourselves the same questions.
So we decided to break it down.
Why Republicans won.
In other words, the Republicans broke Washington. Then, they spent millions of dollars of secret money running against a broken Washington.
What this means for the final two years of Barack Obama&rsquo;s Presidency.
There&rsquo;s no sugarcoating it. Full Republican control of Congress won&rsquo;t be easy.
But make no mistake: President Obama&rsquo;s fighting the good fight no matter who controls Congress.
He&rsquo;s fighting for working families who are in desperate need of a minimum wage increase. For women who should always have the right to make their own healthcare decisions. And for students who would benefit from an affordable education. So if you&rsquo;re still fighting with us&hellip; if you&rsquo;re still standing with the President&hellip;
sign our note to President Obama thanking him for all he&rsquo;s done and letting him know that we have his back.
Thanks,
DCCC
Paid for by the Democratic Congressional Campaign Committee | 430 South Capitol Street SE, Washington, DC 20003 |
(202) 863-1500
| www.dccc.org | Not authorized by any candidate or candidate's committee.
This message was sent to:
dj724530@gmail.com
| If you'd like to sign up for emails in a different account, click
here .
We believe that emails are a crucial way for our campaign to stay in touch with supporters.
However, if you'd rather not receive anymore emails about the 2014 Election, click
here
If you'd just like to receive fewer emails, you can click
here .
We are already at work preparing for what's next. Early support will be critical for building our next campaign to defeat Tea Party Republicans. 99% of our contributions come from grassroots donations, with an average gift of $22. If you'd like to unsubscribe from DCCC emails, click
here . If you'd like to make an online donation, click
here . Thanks for your support of Democrats!
