
Unsubscribe
|
Forward to a Friend
|
Having trouble Viewing this Email?
NEWSLETTER SIGN UP
Email:
First Name:
Last N ame
Yes, I would like to receive
the Civility Corner
Yes, I would like to receive
EC From DC
TIME TO PAY UP
Congressman Cleaver explains that the Kansas City Royals were obviously the superior team in this year's World Series
From threats of terrorism to feuds over immigration -- the battle to increase the minimum wage to the prayer that peace will prevail in Ferguson -- there are many serious issues our country faces right now. Perhaps that is why we must stop and enjoy the little and light-hearted moments when they come along, with even more appreciation than usual. As you know, Minority Leader Nancy Pelosi and I had a friendly wager with one another on the outcome of the World Series. It was with a heavy heart that I had to pay up this week, after our beloved Royals fought so brilliantly, but in the end, came up short in Game 7, losing to the San Francisco Giants. While the loss was heartbreaking to us here in the heartland, it did nothing to dull our love and loyalty for our team.
Congressman Cleaver maneuvers to try and get a bite of his BBQ gift to Minority Leader Pelosi
And with that in mind, it was time to have a little fun with Congresswoman Pelosi, when I presented to her the Presidential Rib Platter from Gates BBQ. I took the opportunity to explain that the San Fran win was nothing but a fluke, and that all real and true baseball fans know the Royals really won. She took my ribs - and ribbing - all in stride. I suspect she couldn't wait for me to stop talking, so she could start sampling her mouthwatering prize.
NOT JUST A DAY OF THANKS
Congressman Emanuel Cleaver honors veterans as he speaks to the crowd at the Vietnam Veterans program on Veteran's Day
We paused recently, as a nation, to remember and to thank, the men and women who keep America safe and free. Veteran's Day is a not only a time to salute their service and send words of gratitude though, it's also a time to look into our conscience and ask ourselves if we, as a country, are doing enough to support those who answer the call to enlist and serve.
Congressman Cleaver pauses for a moment to pose with Ruskin High School's Color Guard
We must make sure our military is trained and equipped, and that our wounded get the very best care. It is not just our responsibility, it's the right thing to do. I will continue to fight for, and support, efforts to ensure that our veterans get the benefits they have earned, and have access to expanding opportunities. To remain a great nation, maintaining the strength and integrity of our United States, it will take all facets of our military. As a people we must be united on all fronts, in remembering the sacrifice of our fellow countrymen and women.
Congressman Cleaver thanks area young people for their commitment to service as they share a smile
As I traveled to several ceremonies throughout Missouri's Fifth District this past Veteran's Day, I asked that God continue to bless our great country. And to bless those who have served, those who will serve, and those who are serving so valiantly right now. To be a veteran is to be a patriot, a protector, and a guardian. Along with my fellow Americans, I thank you.
4 WAYS TO GET COVERAGE NOW
Do you need health insurance? There are four easy ways you can get it - and now is the time to start shopping. The Affordable Care Act's open enrollment season for 2015 is now underway.
This year:
There will be more choices in 2015
There is a 25% increase in the total number of insurers selling health insurance plans in the Marketplace
For the first time, some of the nation's largest insurers will now be offering coverage in more than a dozen states
For the next three months, you can visit a Health Insurance Marketplace, find a plan that is best for you and your family, and then get enrolled. In just one year, the ACA has already brought about historic changes.
What has happened so far?
The crippling, double digit, annual increases in health care premiums have been dramatically slowed
The number of uninsured adults has decreased by 26%
Millions of hardworking American families can finally afford health coverage
7 out of 10 people who picked a plan through the Marketplaces during the first open enrollment period found coverage for less than $100 a month with tax credits
For more information,
click here .
STOPPING THE CYCLE OF DROWNING IN DEBT
Congressman Cleaver meets with Kansas City CCO leaders about ending the payday loan debt trap
I was pleased for the opportunity this week to meet with leaders of Kansas City's CCO, about the perils many low income families face from mounting debt in the wake of payday loans. These are small loans that are short-term, and can carry with them astronomical interest fees. These exorbitant fees often trap a family struggling with finances in the predatory cycle of unending debt. That debt grows each day and becomes virtually impossible to pay off. The group and I discussed legislative options and ideas to assist families in Missouri's Fifth District, so they can avoid these situations and succeed financially, rather than almost certainly being doomed to fail.
LINCOLN PREP LEADS THE WAY
And congratulations to Lincoln College Preparatory Academy for being awarded yet another National Blue Ribbon. This marks the institution as one of the most prestigious in the nation. Lincoln Prep is not only committed to providing a comprehensive and challenging curriculum for its students, but it also brings passion to recognizing the importance of a well-rounded education for all. The Kansas City school excels in areas like standardized testing, college and career preparation, and graduation rates. But
it's not just the education Lincoln Prep offers in preparing students for college and their careers - the institution is also a constructive force in the community because it serves so many who are in need. School leaders cultivate a student's moral purpose and capability to make sustainable change for good, both in their own lives and in the world. Thank you for inspiring and empowering Kansas City's young and energetic leaders of the future.
CIVILITY CORNER
&ldquo;A stitch in time saves nine&rdquo;
This witty English saying has been quoted for at least 400 years.
&ldquo;A stitch in time saves nine&rdquo; means that a small rip in a garmet, should be repaired quickly or it will become a spacious tear. A one inch, almost unnoticeable snag, might become a nine inch unruly breach tomorrow.
As the whole world knows, the U.S. legislative process has a snag. It is being pulled apart more and more with the election of each new Congress. It seems as if every two years, our pathetically partisan practices become more persistent. My advice to those who survived a brutal 2014 campaign is to rechannel the considerable energy of their irritation and convert it into an unyielding commitment to represent their district in a civil manner.
Yes, maybe I am playing the role of Pollyanna, but I seriously believe that the chaos can be conquered; the pathological partisanship can be replaced by purposeful statesmanship. However, we must seize the moment. Sure, there are those who will think, &ldquo;A future Congress will turn things around.&rdquo; Well, we cannot break this political plodding too soon because we have no way of knowing when it will be too late.
We have tussled over taxes, hassled over health care, and have been impolitic over immigration. Our election brawling has inspired nasty name-calling. All of these and other points of conflict have torn a hole in the fabric of our politics.
We must move now to close the hole. A stitch in time saves nine. If we want to put dysfunction to an end, we must put ourselves on the mend.
Emanuel
Cleaver, II
Member of
Congress
Kansas City Office
101 W 31st St.
Kansas City, MO 64108
Phone: 816-842-4545
Fax: 816-471-5215
Independence Office
211 West Maple Avenue
Independence, MO 64050
Phone: 816-833-4545
Fax: 816-833-2991
Higginsville Office
1923 Main St.
Higginsville, MO 64037
Phone: 660-584-7373
Fax: 660-584-7227
Washington Office
2335 Rayburn HOB
Washington, D.C. 20515
Phone: 202-225-4535
Fax: 202-225-4403
