
1,OOO,OOO SIGNATURES NEEDED:
Click here to demand campaign finance reform for 2016 &gt;&gt;
Citizens United
allowed secret money to dominate the 2014 election. Help us reach 1,OOO,OOO signatures demanding that
Citizens United
be overturned for 2016:
Sign Your Name &gt;&gt;
We&rsquo;re not going to sugarcoat it: the Koch Brothers reportedly spent $290 million to buy the 2014 election -- and it paid off. A Huffington Post report today shows that the impact of the dark money spent on the 2014 election is &ldquo;already evident&rdquo; in the radical agenda that Republicans in Congress are about to unleash on the middle class.
The Republican agenda includes repealing the Affordable Care Act, slashing benefits for the middle class, and a substantial tax cut for multi-millionaires.
The bottom line: thanks to
Citizens United , the Koch Brothers didn&rsquo;t just buy elections. They rigged our democracy -- from now until the 2016 election -- to benefit the wealthy.
1,OOO,OOO Signatures Needed for Overturning
Citizens United! Add your voice now &gt;&gt;
We need to make sure this doesn&rsquo;t happen again. That means overturning
Citizens United
by the 2016 election. Right now, Democrats in Congress are working to end the insidious influence of money in politics. But they need our help. We need 1,OOO,OOO people to add their name and demand an end to
Citizens United
for the 2016 elections.
Ending
Citizens United
will be an enormous challenge. But America needs campaign finance reform. And that&rsquo;s why we need your help: SIGN YOUR NAME:
http://action.dccc.org/citizens-united
Thank you for standing with us,
DCCC
Paid for by the Democratic Congressional Campaign Committee | 430 South Capitol Street SE, Washington, DC 20003 |
(202) 863-1500
| www.dccc.org | Not authorized by any candidate or candidate's committee.
This message was sent to:
dj724530@gmail.com
| If you'd like to sign up for emails in a different account, click
here .
We believe that emails are a crucial way for our campaign to stay in touch with supporters. However, if you'd rather not receive anymore emails about the 2014 Election, click
here . If you'd just like to receive fewer emails, you can click
here .
We are already at work preparing for what's next. Early support will be critical for building our next campaign to defeat Tea Party Republicans. 99% of our contributions come from grassroots donations, with an average gift of $22. If you'd like to unsubscribe from DCCC emails, click
here . If you'd like to make an online donation, click
here . Thanks for your support of Democrats!
