
For Immediate Release
Contact: Lale Morrison
December 04, 2014
(202) 225-1313
December 2014
The Hastings Monthly Report
Holiday Greetings
During this month of December, Americans in communities all across this great country will celebrate this holiday season, including Christmas, Hanukkah, and Kwanzaa.
It gives us an opportunity to spend quality time with our family, friends, and loved ones, as well as time to reflect on all that we are thankful for. I wish to extend my warmest wishes for you and your loved ones to have a safe and happy holiday season and New Year.
World AIDS Day and AIDS Awareness Month
Since its establishment by the World Health Organization (WHO) in 1988, World AIDS Day has served as a call to action and a living memorial to all those whose lives have been lost to the disease across the globe.
According to WHO, an estimated 39 million people have died since the first cases were reported in 1981 and 1.5 million people died of AIDS-related causes in 2013.
In the United States, more than 1.2 million people are currently living with HIV, with almost one in seven (14 percent) unaware of their infection.
Furthermore, the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention (CDC) report that only 25 percent of Americans living with HIV are virally suppressed and successfully making it through the HIV care continuum.
This means that about 825,000 people living with HIV are not receiving the full benefits of treatment, and may be unknowingly passing the virus on to others.
Treatment remains the most promising tool we have to creating an AIDS-free generation.
Because of continued advancements in antiretroviral drugs and efforts to link individuals to care, more people living with HIV are able to manage the disease and lead active, productive lives.
If we can increase the number of individuals living with HIV who are on treatment, then we can achieve global AIDS control.
Ultimately, however, the future is in our hands.
We know how to stop the transmission of HIV and help people living with AIDS stay as healthy as possible.
It starts with raising public awareness, knowing your status, and challenging the stigma that prevents so many within our communities from accessing the care they need.
As we look to the start of the 114th Congress, it is imperative that we remain committed to continuing the fight against HIV/AIDS, and address the ongoing effects of sequestration on HIV care in the United States.
I urge my colleagues to join me in recognizing World AIDS Day and AIDS Awareness Month, as well as supporting vital HIV/AIDS prevention, treatment, and care programs, including the Ryan White Program and Affordable Care Act (ACA).
Anniversary of the Passage of the Endangered Species Act
December 28th marks the 41st anniversary of the Endangered Species Act, which was signed into law in 1973.
This act has been further strengthened since its original enactment to protect and preserve more species and the habitats they depend on. This historic legislation recognizes that our rich natural heritage is of esthetic, ecological, educational, recreational, and scientific value to our nation and its people. The Endangered Species Act is administered under the Interior Departments U.S. Fish and Wildlife Service and the Commerce Departments National Marine Fisheries Service.
Under this Act, species can be listed as endangered or threatened. Worldwide, more than 16,000 species are threatened with extinction. Up to one-third of U.S. species are at increased risk of extinction, and more than 1,300 U.S. plants and animals have already been federally listed as threatened or endangered, and protected under the Endangered Species Act.
As a Floridian, I am particularly concerned about endangered species in the Everglades. Florida has the third highest number of endangered species in the nation. Of the 108 species listed under the Endangered Species Act throughout Florida, 65 of them are located in the Everglades. If we do not act now, we may lose some of our most incredible species, such as the Florida panther, woodrat, and manatee.
It is critically important that we protect the diversity of our planets species and educate ourselves about the issues and challenges facing these species and their habitats. We must respect these species, which serve a vital role in the food chain and ecosystem. Disrupting such a fragile system poses uncertain consequences that could threaten the quality of life for humans. Wildlife conservation must continue to be one of our nations top priorities.
Congressman Alcee L. Hastings serves as Senior Member of the House Rules Committee, Ranking Democratic Member of the U.S. Helsinki Commission, and Co-Chairman of the Florida Delegation
###
NOTE: Please DO NOT respond to this email as this inbox is unattended. To contact my office please
click here
UNSUBSCRIBE
|
PRIVACY POLICY
|
CONTACT US
Click Here Click Here