
Unsubscribe
|
Forward to a Friend
|
Having trouble Viewing this Email?
NEWSLETTER SIGN UP
Email:
First Name:
Last N ame
Yes, I would like to receive
the Civility Corner
Yes, I would like to receive
EC From DC
THANK YOU ROYALS
This week the Kansas City Royals officially ended the season in the same classy fashion in which they have conducted themselves throughout -- by giving back. With more than ten thousand fans in attendance at The K, from the owner of the team, to the coaches, to the players, one after another took to the microphone -- and thanked the fans. In a day and age of a seemingly common, and sometimes accepted, "Me First" attitude, these young Royals players did not speak of their own
accomplishments, talents, or goals. Instead, they simply said thanks to the thousands throughout Missouri's Fifth District, who call themselves -- Royals fans. We, in turn, are thankful to them. There are many divides in our country, and even in our community. But this October, it seems as if we have all been standing together as one. We have lived through a season, and an experience, that brought the entire city together. And for that, we must, too, say thank you. Thank You to OUR Royals.
GETTING YOUNG PEOPLE BACK ON THE RIGHT PATH
Congressman Cleaver delivers opening remarks to Missouri's Juvenile Justice Association conference held in Kansas City
Working together was the focus of the Missouri Juvenile Justice Association's conference, which was held in Kansas City this week. I was honored to welcome more than 300 men and women from throughout the state, gathered to learn, discuss, and implement ways to increase and better collaboration. Those in attendance represented several disciplines within the juvenile justice system, and talked about the increased success of young people in leading productive lives, when they communicate with one another and work together. The conference has traditionally been held at the Lake of the Ozarks, but Kansas City served as the proud host this year, and will hopefully continue to do so for years to come.
LOCAL SCHOOL GETS HUGE BOOST
Congratulations to Kansas City Missouri&rsquo;s Symington Elementary School. Symington was chosen to be one of the first twenty-five schools in the country to receive an Apple ConnectED grant. As we try to close the digital divide nationwide, ConnectED targets investments in communities that need them most. Symington classrooms will receive iPads, Macs, and the very best educational content students need to better learn and advance, and the training teachers need to keep them on track. This public-private partnership helps students, teachers, schools, and communities get the tools they need to inspire success today and tomorrow.
CIVILITY CORNER
On Monday morning, October 20th, four young people from Ferguson, Missouri, visited me in my Capitol Hill office. They brought the macabre message that without sensitive support from clergy, publicly communicated changes by the local government, and help from Congress, things could go badly. Their fear is that when, and if, the prosecutor announces that there will be no charges filed in the shooting, there could be more chaos, civil unrest, and possibly further tragedy. By the way, these are just some of the young people who stood in the doorways of Ferguson businesses, to prevent looting by hooligans, some of whom came to town from as far away as California. I know. I was there.
This letter is not about the case itself.
It is about the pain I felt when I told these impressive and dutiful young Americans that their representatives, Lacy Clay and I, following his leadership, will do whatever we can, but that Congress as a whole would not get involved.
At a time when an American community is experiencing social unrest, political upheaval, racial animosity, and economic disruption, the Congress of the United States, as a body, essentially remains silent. Imagine what could happen if Members on both sides of the aisle, and the Congress at large, responded to crisis with haste, determination, and cooperation. Our responsibility, as Members of Congress, is to be useful, productive, and responsive, based not on political party affiliation, but on the what is best for our country, our economy, and most importantly, our people.
Yes, perhaps I am Pollyannaish, but I believe that even a creature of imagination can become extraordinarily real.
Emanuel
Cleaver, II
Member of
Congress
Kansas City Office
101 W 31st St.
Kansas City, MO 64108
Phone: 816-842-4545
Fax: 816-471-5215
Independence Office
211 West Maple Avenue
Independence, MO 64050
Phone: 816-833-4545
Fax: 816-833-2991
Higginsville Office
1923 Main St.
Higginsville, MO 64037
Phone: 660-584-7373
Fax: 660-584-7227
Washington Office
2335 Rayburn HOB
Washington, D.C. 20515
Phone: 202-225-4535
Fax: 202-225-4403
