
HOME
|
About Mike
|
Contact YOUR Office
|
Serving You
|
Newsroom
|
Legislative Work
|
4th District
|
Resources
WEBSITE
| SHARE ON:
Greetings,
Yesterday, the Kansas Farm Bureau presented me with the 2014 Friend of Agriculture award.
I am quite humbled.
The award recognizes those who have made significant contributions to agriculture.
I have worked hard to ensure that Kansans can continue to feed the world and to make sure that the federal government doesnt prevent them from doing so on their property when they are working so diligently to produce this food for all of us.
In that vein, I continue to work on legislation that will let them produce safe, affordable food for the next billion people.
2014 Friend of Agriculture Award Presentation
Unfortunately, there are many who dont understand the benefits of these technologies, often based on misinformation spread by anti-farming activists about genetically modified organisms (GMO).
This clip from the Jimmy Kimmel Show sheds a humorous light on the challenges we face in educating our fellow citizens about this issue.
"What's a GMO?" courtesy of Jimmy Kimmel Live!
Not everyone concerned about GMOs falls into this camp, but the science is clear that these technologies are safe.
My legislation will continue to allow voluntary GMO labeling so those who prefer to consume non-GMO products can easily do so.
Markets do work.
I want to thank Kent Winter and the members of the Sedgwick County Farm Bureau for nominating me for this award.
I also want to thank the Kansas Farm Bureau for honoring me with the award and for their support of this legislation.
I work hard to keep the federal government from getting in the way of all Kansas businesses, including our farms and ranches.
I look forward to continuing the important work of making sure our farmers are able to provide a stable, affordable food supply for Kansans and families across the country.
Sincerely,
Mike Pompeo
Member of Congress
Connect With Mike
NOTE: Please
DO NOT
respond to this email as this
inbox is unattended . To contact my office please
click here
WASHINGTON, DC OFFICE
107 Cannon HOB
Washington, DC 20515
Phone:
(202) 225-6216
Fax:
(202) 225-3489
WICHITA, KS OFFICE
7701 E. Kellogg, Suite 510
Wichita, KS 67207
Phone:
(316) 262-8992
Fax:
(316) 262-5309
UPDATE SUBSCRIPTION OPTIONS
|
PRIVACY POLICY
|
CONTACT US
Click Here Click Here