DOCTYPE HTML PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD HTML 4.0 Transitional//EN"
Second Open Enrollment Period, Obamacare Still a Disaster
If you like your health care plan, you can keep your health care plan, President Obama promised. Your premiums will go down.
Its been almost four years since the Affordable Care Act (ACA), also known as Obamacare, was passed into law and in the midst of the second Open Enrollment Period, the Presidents promises remain empty. I have heard from many of you in the Fifth District about sharp increases in premiums, drastic decreases in coverage and frustrating encounters with enrollment. A November Gallup survey reveals that only 37 percent of Americans approve of Obamacare at the start of the second enrollment period, while 56 percent disapprove of the law. Under the Affordable Care Act our health care system is nothing short of a disaster and coverage is far from affordable.
A study by the National Bureau of Economic Research from September shows that Obamacare has caused insurance premiums to increase for individuals in 45 states, including Wisconsin. The study also reports that in the first half of 2014, premiums went up 24.4 percent more for individuals than they would have without the implementation of the ACA.
Thousands of Americans are being told they must switch doctors and providers to comply with coverage regulations, while hundreds of employers are worried about restricting hiring practices and lowering employees hours to comply with the pending employer mandate. As of September 2014, at least 10 employers with over 50 full-time employees in Wisconsin have already cut hours of part-time workers to avoid the 30-hour-per-week threshold that requires them to provide coverage under the employer mandate.
By reducing competition and limiting patient choice, insurance and health care providers have little incentive to lower costs or increase the quality of care under Obamacare. The American people end up paying more and getting less. Additionally, the Obama Administration has added tax hikes to the already expensive program, like the 2.3 percent medical device sales tax, and wasted taxpayer money on the disastrous healthcare.gov roll out.
The results of the election made it clear that the American people dont approve of the Democratic agenda and are ready for real change.
House Republicans have passed over 20 bills to amend, defund and repeal the ACA since its enactment, but then-Senate Majority Leader Harry Reid refused to let the Senate vote on many of them. I hope the President will work with the House and the Senate under Mitch McConnells leadership to fix our health care system with sensible reforms that reflect the will of the American people.
Please send a letter to my DC office (2449 Rayburn House Office Building, Washington, DC 20515-4905) or attend one of my Town Hall meetings in Wisconsin to share your experience with Obamacare. Watch for a complete list of meetings on my website (www.sensenbrenner.house.gov) when they begin again in January.
I wish you and your family a Happy Thanksgiving.
Quick Links
Message From Jim
You are receiving this email because you are subscribed to the Update List. I am offering this service as a way for me to keep in touch with my constituents by providing timely updates on current events in the House.
Please do not reply to this email; if you would like to contact me click on "Email Me."
WASHINGTON, DC OFFICE
2449 Rayburn HOB
Washington, DC 20515
T (202) 225-5101
BROOKFIELD, WI OFFICE
120 Bishops Way, #154
Brookfield, WI 53005
T (262) 784-1111
Click Here Click Here