
If you are having trouble
viewing this message or would like to share it on a social network, you
can
view the message
online .
About Lynn
|
Constituent Services
|
Issues
|
Media Center
|
Legislative Center
|
Georgia's Third District
|
Contact Me
November 16, 2014
Westmoreland Votes to Approve Keystone XL
Pipeline
On
Friday, the Houses passed H.R. 5682, a bill that approves construction of
the Keystone XL Pipeline. The bill allows for TransCanada Corporation to
begin construction, connection, operation and maintenance of the
pipeline as described in their May 4, 2012 permit
application.
It has been six years since the Keystone
Pipeline construction permit was requested. In those six years, we could
have been creating jobs, building our American energy production, and
giving our economy a boost. Instead, the Senate has refused to pass
any House legislation to approve the pipeline and has wasted precious
opportunities to grow jobs.
I
supported H.R. 5682 to approve the Keystone Pipeline and get
Americans to work. The ball is in Senate Majority Leader Harry Reids court:
If he wants to be a part of the Houses initiative to create jobs, then
he should start with approving the Keystone Pipeline
construction.
Share on
Facebook
Share on Twitter
Capitol Corner: Veterans
Day
This Veterans Day, as we pay tribute to our
nations finest, we must be ever mindful of the debt we owe to those
who have served and to those who continue to serve our country in the
Armed Forces. Without their service, we would not have the great
freedoms and liberties that make our country the greatest in the
world.
For Georgians, Veterans Day is
particularly important because our state is home to more than 750,000
veterans and thousands of soldiers, sailors, airmen and Marines. Georgias
Third Congressional District is particularly blessed to have around
60,000 men and women who have served our nation. With so many veterans
in our state, we interact with our brave service men and women daily.
They are our family members, mentors, neighbors, and church members.
They are huge parts of our community and I want to thank each and every
one of them for making sure my children and grandchildren have the
same freedoms and opportunities I am fortunate enough to
enjoy.
I hope you will join me in honoring and
remembering those brave men and women who have served our nation and
defended the freedoms we hold so dear. May we also pay special tribute
today to those who never returned home, our prisoners of war, and those
we lost missing in action.
We all must take the time to hear the
stories of these true American heroes and learn from these selfless
men and women, who know what it truly means to serve their
nation.
I had the
privilege
of
speaking with our veterans at Tyrone's Veterans Day
Program
I lead the Pledge of
Allegiance at the Bedford School's Veterans Day Program in
Fairburn
Share on Facebook
Share on
Twitter
Join the Conversation
Tell a Friend
E-mail:
In Other News
Newnan Times-Herald: Coweta Ends
Economic Year On High Note
During its last meeting
of 2014, the Coweta County Development Authority had plenty of good
news to share. Expansions of existing industries and future
developments helped set the tone for a positive end of the
year...
Fox News: Energy group claims
Obama got swindled by China climate
deal
Chinas agreement to reduce coal emissions isnt worth the paper it was
printed on, an energy research group says...
CNN: Review faults Secret Service's
training, communications
Organizational confusion, gaps in
training, a series of communication failures and more allowed Omar
Gonzalez to jump a fence and enter the White House in a September
incident that led to the Secret Service director's
resignation...
Associated Press: AP sources: IS,
al-Qaida reach accord in Syria
Militant leaders from the
Islamic State group and al-Qaida gathered at a farm house in northern
Syria last week and agreed on a plan to stop fighting each other and
work together against their opponents...
WASHINGTON, DC OFFICE 2433 Rayburn House Office
Bldg Washington, DC 20515 Phone (202) 225-5901 Fax (202) 225-2515
THIRD DISTRICT
OFFICE
1601-B East Highway 34 Newnan,
Georgia 30265 Phone (770) 683-2033 Fax (770) 683-2042
Unsubscribe
|
Update My Profile
|
Privacy Policy
