
Saturday, November 1, 2014
WEBSITE
|
FORWARD TO A FRIEND
| SHARE ON:
Congressional Report
Dear Friends,
Please take a moment to read my latest updates from this past week.
It was a pleasure meeting with many of you across the 28th District of Texas.
For the latest updates, make sure you are following me on
my Facebook page
or on
my Twitter page .
Constituent Casework Highlight
My office was able to help Laredo residents Adriana and Kevin Rosas resolve an issue with the Social Security Administration.
Laredo resident Adriana Rosas came to my Laredo district office for help with a Social Security issue.
Ms. Rosas son, Kevin, is a disabled minor whose Supplemental Security was halted due to a communications error.
With the help of my constituent service representative caseworker, Mrs. Sylvia Segovia, my office was able to successfully reinstate benefits for Ms. Rosas and Kevin.
Thank you for coming to my office and I wish you both the best!
My family and I are extremely grateful for all your help and supportExcellent staff, very professional and compassionate."
Adriana Rosas
Laredo Development Foundation Business Gathering
My outreach coordinator Michael Buentello attended a business gathering with the Laredo Development Foundation to see how private and public entities are working together for the economic benefit of Laredo.
From left to right: Miguel Conchas, President of the Laredo Chamber of Commerce; Korie Culleiton, Ivonne Gastelum, Jesus Chavez and Elvira Rossell from Texas Western Hospitality; Sergio Preciado from Grupo Imagen; and Outreach Coordinator Michael Buentello.
My Outreach Coordinator for Webb, Zapata and La Salle Counties, Michael Buentello, attended a business gathering sponsored by the Laredo Development Foundation to meet with leaders in the community about attracting investment and jobs to Laredo.
Meeting with the University of the Incarnate Word in San Antonio
My Chief of Staff, Cynthia Gaona, met with Armando Saliba from the University of the Incarnate Word in San Antonio to discuss federal funding.
Recently, my Chief of Staff, Cynthia Gaona, met up with Armando Saliba, Associate Director of Foundation, Corporate &amp; Government Relations at the University of the Incarnate Word in San Antonio, to discuss funding opportunities with the federal government. My office helps with a variety of grants from the federal government.
Make sure your home is energy efficient
A home energy checkup helps owners determine where their house is losing energy and money - and how such problems can be corrected to make your home more energy efficient.
A professional technician, often called an energy auditor, can give your home a checkup. You can also do some of the steps yourself.
Click here
or on the image below to see a video from the Department of Energy on how to improve your home energy savings.
EPA invites communities to apply to Building Blocks for Sustainable Communities Program
The Environmental Protective Agency (EPA) invites local communities to take charge and apply to their Building Blocks for Sustainable Communities program.
This program sets out to provide technical assistance to increase economic preparedness during natural disasters, while protecting the health of the community.
Up to 25 communities will be selected in collaboration with the Partnership for Sustainable Communities. Applications will be accepted until November 20, 2014.
For more information about this collaborative approach, visit the EPAs Building Blocks for Sustainable Communities programs Web site by
clicking here.
Intern Spotlight
Congressional Intern Eduardo Mendoza is a college senior at Texas A&amp;M International University and is currently interning in my Laredo District Office.
Eduardo Mendoza was born and raised in Laredo, Texas, and is a senior at Texas A&amp;M International University where he is studying business administration with a concentration in management. He is currently interning in my Laredo District Office and plans to graduate this December and apply to law school where he would like to specialize in energy law.
Thank you for your contributions, Eddie!
Read more about Eduardo and other interns at my office by
clicking here.
Sincerely,
CONNECT
LATEST NEWS MENTIONS
10/27/2014 Texas
MedicalObserver:
"Cuellar expresses confidence in steps taken around Ebola virus in US"
10/27/2014 Politico:
"What can Washington get done in Obama's last two years?"
10/28/2014 KGNS.TV:
"Cuellar protects farmers and ranchers from losses from fever tick outbreak"
10/28/2014 KVEO:
"Rep. Cuellar's adds protection from tick outbreak in Farm Bill for local ranchers"
10/29/2014 Der Spiegel
"Obama has pushed immigration reform, Latinos upset and a security problem on the southern border..."
Neighborhood Office Hours
Tuesday,
November 4th
Selma Stage Stop Visitor Center
9374 Valhalla
9:00am-10:00am
Selma, TX
Universal City - Public Works Conference Room
285 Kitty Hawk Rd.
10:30am-11:30am
Universal City, TX
Live Oak City Hall
8001 Shin Oak Dr.
1:00pm-2:00pm
Live Oak, TX
Falcon Community Center
Third at Ramireno
9:15am-10:15am
Zapata County Courthouse 200 E 7th Ave
11:00am-12:00pm
Zapata, TX
Justice of the Peace Pct. 2
Office 1103 Hwy 83
1:15pm-2:00pm
San Ygnacio, TX
Mission City Hall
1201 E 8th Street
9:00am-10:00am
Mission, TX
Palmview Multi Purpose Ctr.
406 West Veterans Blvd.
10:15am-11:15am
Palmview, TX
Palmhurst City Hall
4417 North Shary Road
11:30am-12:30pm
Palmhurst, TX
Thursday,
November 6th
Open to Laredo
Fire Dept Meeting Room
500 Cenizo
9:30am-10:30am
Sullivan City, TX
La Joya Senior Citizens Center
925 Lee Street
11:00am-12:00pm
La Joya, TX
Penitas City Hall
FM 1427
1:00pm-2:00pm
Penitas, TX
Have a question about neighborhood office hours?
Call my toll free number at 877-780-0028
NOTE: Please DO NOT respond to this email as this inbox is unattended. To contact my office please
click here
UPDATE SUBSCRIPTION OPTIONS
|
PRIVACY POLICY
|
CONTACT US
Click Here Click Here