
If you are having trouble viewing this message or would like to
share it on a social network, you can
view the message online .
HOME
ABOUT RENEE
2ND DISTRICT
NEWSROOM
CONSTITUENT
SERVICES
LEGISLATION
CONTACT US
November 16, 2014
Photo of the Week:
The
Republican-controlled House voted for the ninth time this week to approve the
Keystone XL pipeline, and I look forward to the Senate finally taking
up this legislation for a vote this coming week.
The above photo was taken right before my live
interview on Fox Business Network, where we discussed the passage of the
Keystone XL pipeline.
Since jobs and veterans are top
priorities, I was thrilled to hear Majority Leader McCarthy announce this week
that the "Hire More Heroes Act" -- one of the bipartisan bills we
passed in the House (with a vote of 406-1) only to be stalled in the
Senate -- will be reintroduced at the beginning of the new Congress.
I look forward to voting for this bill that
protects veterans from Obamacare's employer mandate in the 114th
Congress!
In July, I sent a letter to
President Obama encouraging him to award the Presidential Medal of Freedom to
golfer Charlie Sifford - the first African American to play on the
PGA
Tour. This week I learned the president
will be awarding the Pres idential Medal
of Freedom, the Nations highest civilian honor, to Charles Sifford
at the White House on November 24th! I am proud to have led this effort
on behalf of Mr. Sifford and thank President Obama for his decision
to award such a deserving
recipient.
It was a pleasure to speak on the floor of the House this week in
tribute to my esteemed colleague and loyal friend, Congressman Howard
Coble. I enjoyed hearing so many others recount stories from their years
of serving by his side. He has served his constituents with
distinction for 30 years, and I will forever appreciate the support and guidance
he has given me. I wish him a long and relaxing
retirement.
It is an
absolute honor to be your voice in Washington.
Please contact my
office in Washington, Dunn or Asheboro if we can be of assistance to
you.
Video of the Week:
I discussed the House vote on
the Keystone XL Pipeline and its importance to our economy and energy
independence. Click on the image above to watch my interview.
Veterans Court
Graduation:
This week, the Veterans Treatment Court in Harnett
County celebrated its first anniversary and a member of my staff
attended the first graduation ceremony for participants of the program.
The court provides eligible veterans with an alternative judiciary
process and helps them to access the programs, benefits and services they
have earned.
The Veterans Treatment Court was
funded by a grant from the Governors Crime Commission and Governor
McCrory was on hand to speak to graduates of the
program.
Honoring Congressman Coble:
Thank you to Congressman Howard Coble for serving the
constituents of NC's Sixth District, as well as our state and country,
with such distinction for thirty years.
Charles Sifford to Receive Presidential Medal of
Freedom:
Nearly every member of the North Carolina
congressional delegation joined in support of my effort urging the
president to award the Presidential Medal of Freedom to Charles Sifford.
Tell Me What You Want Which issue would you like the 114th Congress to address first?
Energy
Health Care
Immigration
Jobs
National Security
Tax Reform None
of the above *By answering this survey, you are subscribing to my
newsletter. If you are having trouble, click
here.
Washington, DC
426 Cannon
HOB
Washington, DC 20515
Phone: (202) 225-4531
Fax: (202) 225-5662
Dunn NC
406 W. Broad Street
Dunn, NC
28334
Phone: (910) 230-1910
Fax: (910) 230-1940
Asheboro, NC
222 Sunset
Avenue, Suite 101
Asheboro, North
Carolina 27203
Phone: (336) 626-3060
Fax: (336) 629-7819
Toll Free in NC:
1-877-645-8764
Unsubscribe
|
Update My Profile
|
Privacy
Policy
