
If you
are having trouble viewing this message or would like to share it on a
social network, you can
view the message online .
HOME
NEWS
SERVICES
LEGISLATION
CONTACT
December 01, 2014
Giving Thanks With a Focus on the
Future
This past
Thursday, I hope you had the opportunity to gather with friends and family
and celebrate a happy Thanksgiving filled with food and fellowship.
While we take time this holiday season to remember all that we
have to be thankful for, we also remember those in our community who
need our thoughts and prayers. And we give thanks and pray for the
brave men and women who are protecting and defending our great nation at
home and around the world.
Indeed, events of this past week remind us that as we focus on building
and restoring economic strength and opportunity in our communities, we
cannot lose sight of what is at stake for America's leadership and
strength abroad. On Monday morning, Secretary of Defense Chuck Hagel
announced he would be resigning his post. Secretary Hagel should be
commended for his lifetime of service to our nation. Whats needed now
as ever is an honest debate about the Obama Administrations
floundering foreign policy. Left unaddressed, it will only foment more unrest
and instability around the world and put in jeopardy Americas security
and our national interests.
We saw a clear example of the president's foreign policy fumbles with
the announcement later on Monday that there would be an extension
of talks between the international community and Iran over its nuclear
ambitions. With another extension, Iran is simply buying itself more
time to avoid accountability. A responsible and prudent response would
be for the United States to lead our allies in an increase in
sanctions against the Iranian regime.
Today, America faces a myriad of challenges. If we keep our focus on
positive, principled solutions, we will fulfill our obligation to
leave a stronger nation to the next generation of leaders. Folks
like the students at Cambridge High School who I had the opportunity
to meet and speak with last week. We had a great discussion about
a number of different issues, and I was so impressed by their
thoughtful questions. You can view pictures of our conversation by
clicking here
and visiting my Facebook
page.
Please Feel Free to Tell a
Friend E-mail:
E-mail: E-mail:
Share on
Facebook Share on Twitter
Washington DC Office
100 Cannon House Office Building
Washington DC 20515
Phone: 202-225-4501
Fax:
202-225-4656
District Office:
85-C Mill Street, Suite 300
Roswell, GA 30075
Phone:
770-998-0049
Fax:
770-998-0050
Internet:
Web:
http://tomprice.house.gov
E-mail:
E-mail Tom by
clicking here
Unsubscribe
|
Update My Profile
|
Privacy Policy
