
Thursday, November 27, 2014
WEBSITE
|
FORWARD TO A FRIEND
| SHARE ON:
Happy Thanksgiving
Dear Friends,
This Thanksgiving, I continue to find myself grateful and humbled to represent New Mexicos First District in Congress. Thank you for giving me this opportunity to serve and for entrusting me with this responsibility.
Every year at Thanksgiving, thousands of volunteers across the nation honor an ongoing tradition of giving back to their communities. My family and I are proud to be part of this tradition and to find new and inspiring ways to serve. I encourage you to join us by giving what you can this year. Whether it is through volunteering your time or donating food, clothing or financial support, every bit counts and could make a difference for families in need this holiday season.
As we come together for this holiday, I am continuously reminded of those who serve our nation far from home and who are unable to join their loved ones for this celebration. Their sacrifice allows us to enjoy this uniquely American holiday and I ask you to join me in keeping them in our thoughts and prayers on this Thanksgiving.
Happy Thanksgiving,
Michelle Lujan Grisham
Member of Congress
First District of New Mexico
P.S. As always, if I can be of any assistance, please do not hesitate to contact my Albuquerque district office at (505) 346-6781.
The National Care Corps Act
Learn about my national Care Corps program to place volunteers in communities to work with seniors and individuals with disabilities who need a little extra support to live independently.
Read more.
TOP NEWS
U.S. Rep. Michelle Lujan Grisham today announced that her staff will be holding Mobile Office Hours in the First Congressional District next week.
Read more.
Congresswoman Michelle Lujan Grisham, incoming 1st Vice Chair of the Congressional Hispanic Caucus, released the following statement in response to President Obamas immigration announcement tonight.
Read more.
Rep. Michelle Lujan Grisham released the following statement in recognition of National Native American Heritage Month.
Read more.
Today, Rep. Michelle Lujan Grisham applauded the final passage of legislation that allows the Amy Biehl High School Foundation to purchase the Old Post Office building in Downtown Albuquerque.
Read more.
Rep. Michelle Lujan Grisham issued the following statement on the agreement between the U.S. Department of Justice and the city of Albuquerque to reform the Albuquerque Police Department.
Read more.
NOTE: Please DO NOT respond to this email as this inbox is unattended. To contact my office please
click here
UPDATE SUBSCRIPTION OPTIONS
|
PRIVACY POLICY
|
CONTACT US
Click Here Click Here