
Monday, November 24, 2014
WEBSITE
|
FORWARD TO A FRIEND
| SHARE ON:
Kline's Corner: A Brazen Disregard for the Rule of Law
In This Week's Kline's Corner
President Takes Unilateral Action
Improving Safe Travel in Our Communities
Working to Advance Our Energy Infrastructure
President Takes Unilateral Action
Dear Friends,
As you may know, the President addressed the nation last week to announce he was taking unilateral action to address immigration. The Presidents brazen disregard for the rule of law and the constitutional limits of his office continues to divide our nation. To quote the President, this is not how our democracy functions. He has once again put his own political interests before the best interests of the country. The American people made it clear that they want us to end the gridlock and work together. However, this decision will make it even harder to address the challenges facing our nation. I want to hear from you about the Presidents actions. Please take a moment to fill out the survey found on the right-hand side of this e-mail, or click
here .
Improving Safe Travel in Our Communities
On Friday I was joined by Senator Amy Klobuchar, Minnesota Department of Transportation Commissioner Charlie Zelle, and many Goodhue County residents at the Urland Lutheran Church in Cannon Falls to celebrate the opening of the Highway 52 and Goodhue County Road 9 interchange. The 52/9 effort is what can happen when we roll up our sleeves and work together at the local, county, state, and federal levels. After organizing a meeting with concerned citizens; stakeholders; and local, state and federal transportation officials last year and finding a commonsense solution Minnesotans deserve, I am pleased Highway 52 is now safer for all travelers. You can read more
here .
Working to Advance Our Energy Infrastructure
It has been over six years of delays and dawdling by the Administration on a critical energy project that would create more than 40,000 jobs, improve our energy security, and ease the costs of energy. Recently I supported bipartisan legislation that passed the U.S. House of Representatives to approve the construction of the long delayed Keystone XL pipeline. Unfortunately, a similar bill failed by one vote in the Senate. I look forward to the next Congress, where this will be a higher priority. I also hope the Administration changes course and joins Democrats and Republicans by supporting this important legislation which would help create jobs, lower energy costs, and safely develop our domestic energy infrastructure.
Have a great week!
John Kline
Member of Congress
SURVEY
As you may know, the President addressed the nation last week to announce he was taking unilateral action to address immigration.
I want to hear your thoughts on the President's actions and how Congress should respond.
Please answer two quick questions by
clicking here .
UPDATE SUBSCRIPTION OPTIONS
|
PRIVACY POLICY
|
CONTACT US
Click Here Click Here