
If you are having
trouble viewing this message or would like to share it on a social
network, you can
view the
message online .
HOME
ABOUT
CONTACT ME
SERVING YOU
MEDIA CENTER
ISSUES &amp; LEGISLATION
OUR
DISTRICT
November 07, 2014
Dear
Friend,
After Tuesdays election results, Im honored to have your
support in continuing to represent the Valley. We have a lot of work
ahead of us to help strengthen our economy and get our country on track
to a brighter and better future. Over 300 bills focused on creating
jobs, lowering energy costs and encouraging economic growth are
currently languishing in the Senate after passing the House. Next Congress
well have an opportunity to come together on many of these solutions,
passing them through both chambers and sending them to the Presidents
desk.
Ill keep my focus on some of the Valleys top
priorities
like long-term water solutions, helping our veterans, and jobs
going forward. I also look forward to taking on some of the
countrys most pressing challenges,
including:
Passing meaningful tax reform for our insanely complicated code that will
make our system flatter, fairer, and easier for both businesses and
families to understand;
Halting the EPAs proposed
Waters of the U.S. rule, which would give them jurisdiction to regulate
miniscule bodies of water, adding another layer of bureaucracy between
our farmers and their water;
Reining in our runaway
spending, which has brought our national debt to almost $18 trillion, by
implementing responsible reforms;
Harnessing our
domestic energy resources by pursuing an all-of-the-above approach, lowering
energy costs across the country;
Fixing our broken
immigration system, which has been hurting American families and
businesses for generations now;
Stopping the reckless spending
on Californias high-speed rail system that stumbles along without a
viable funding plan and ridership numbers, times and costs that match
what voters approved in 2008;
And putting in the
long-term work itll take to ensure the policies and resources put in place at
the VA with
Augusts reform law
will give our
veterans the care and benefits they deserve.
Most of
all, I intend to continue working with a bipartisan coalition of
local, state and federal officials to craft and support legislation that
best serves the Valley.
Washington should work for you, not
against you. Many of you have heard me say that my top priority for
my office is customer service. My number one goal, along with my staff,
is serving you. I hope you will continue to reach out to us for
assistance with federal agencies, questions about how laws impact you, and
feedback about how you feel about the legislation being considered in
Congress. We can also help you arrange tours during visits to
Washington, D.C., assist you in applying to military academies, or offer
guidance on any other issue you may have.
You can reach my
D.C. office at 202-225-4540 and my Modesto office at 209-579-5458, and
you can
email me any time through my website . Im
also on
Facebook ,
Twitter ,
YouTube
and
Instagram , and I
love to hear from you on other channels.
Wishing you and
your families a happy Veterans Day on Tuesday.
JEFF
DENHAM
Do you feel that a Congress led by
Republicans in both the House and Senate will be more or less effective in
passing meaningful legislation than a divided Congress? More effective Less effective Do you believe Congress should
continue working to fully repeal the Affordable Care Act?
Yes No *By answering this survey, you are
subscribing to my newsletter. If you are having trouble, click
here.
E-mail Updates
Yes, please periodically send me e-mail
updates.*
*By subscribing
to my
e-mail updates, you are authorizing me to send regular
e-mail updates from my office to your e-mail account.
DC
office:
1730 Longworth HOB
Washington, DC
20515
P:
202-225-4540
F: 202-225-3402
Modesto Office:
4701 Sisk Road, Suite 202
Modesto, CA
95356
P: 209-579-5458
F: 209-579-5028
Unsubscribe
|
Update My Profile
|
Privacy
Policy
