
If you are having trouble viewing this message or would like
to share it on a social network, you can
view the message online .
ABOUT
SERVICES
ISSUES &amp; LEGISLATION
MEDIA
CENTER
DISTRICT
CONTACT
RESOURCES
October 17, 2014
Friends,
Though I typically send my Weekly Wrap on Sunday afternoons, I wanted
to get in touch with you sooner to discuss rising concerns about the
Ebola virus.
The latest Ebola case hits home in Northeast
Ohio and is a clear indication that our nation must act now to stop
the spread of the virus. The second health care worker to be
diagnosed with Ebola, Ms. Amber Vinson, flew Monday evening from Cleveland
Hopkins to Dallas on Frontier Airlines after visiting family in the
Akron area over the weekend. She was diagnosed with Ebola on Tuesday
morning.
In my mind, it's obvious that a health care worker
who had been in direct contact with an infectious Ebola patient should
have never been permitted to board a commercial flight. But I was even
more shocked to learn this young woman called the CDC multiple times
before boarding her Monday evening flight to report a fever of 99.5
degrees, and the CDC still cleared her to fly because her fever did not
meet the threshhold of a "high risk" temperature of 100.4
degrees.
The CDC's continued misteps have destroyed the American
people's confidence in their ability to adequately handle this crisis. It
took two weeks for the CDC to send a team to Dallas to train health
care professionals how to safely care for Ebola-infected
patients. This agency must start leading and providing a stronger response. We
cannot wait any longer to put strict protocols in place to contain this
virus and provide more resources to combat it.
When I
spoke with the CDC for more than 45 minutes yesterday, they conveyed an
overconfident attitude without inspiring much faith that they have a
handle on this situation. When I asked directly how Ms. Vinson was
allowed to get on a commercial airliner after reporting her fever, all I
was told is that she should not have been allowed to do that. I told
them bluntly that their response has been inadequate and that they must
exercise more leadership and urgency in order to restore our
confidence in their ability to protect the American
people.
According to Chairman Ed Royce of the House Foreign Relations Committee,
nearly 100 people from the three West African nations most impacted by
the Ebola outbreak are applying for visas at our U.S. embassies each
day. Once they are granted a visa, they are free to travel to the United
States. Considering that 27 African nations have already implemented
travel restrictions to protect their citizens, I do not understand what
we are waiting for when it comes to protecting the American people
from this deadly virus.
Since the beginning of October, I
have
called on the administration
to
immediately implement travel restrictions to protect American citizens from
further exposure to Ebola. Ms. Vinson contracted Ebola from treating
Thomas Eric Duncan, the first person to die from the virus on U.S. soil
after traveling from Liberia. It is time to impose targeted travel
restrictions on nations impacted by the Ebola virus until the outbreak is
defeated.
I can assure you that this situation will
remain a top priority for me, and I will continue working with local,
state and federal officials to ensure the safety of Northeast
Ohioans. Remember that though we must be vigilant about this virus, there is
no need to panic. Ebola spreads through contact with an infected
person's bodily fluids who is already displaying symptoms. If you have any
concerns, you are welcome to contact the Ohio Department of Health's
24-hour call center at 1-866-800-1404. My office is also happy to
answer any questions we can about this evolving situation.
Thank you for the honor of serving you, and I will be sure to keep
you updated on any important
developments.
Sincerely,
Dave
Washington D.C.
Office
1535
Longworth HOB
Washington, DC 20515
Phone: (202) 2255731
Fax: (202) 2253307
Hours: M-F
9-5:30PM
Painesville Office
1 Victoria Place, Room
320
Painesville, OH 44077
Phone: (440) 3523939
Phone:
(800) 4470529
Fax: (440) 3523622
Twinsburg Office
Twinsburg Gov. Center
10075 Ravenna
Road
Twinsburg, OH 44087
Phone: (330) 4259291
Fax:
(330) 4257071
Unsubscribe
|
Update My Profile
|
Privacy Policy
