DOCTYPE html PUBLIC '-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.0 Transitional//EN' 'http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml1/DTD/xhtml1-transitional.dtd'
Congressional Report
October 23, 2014
SERVING THE 34TH DISTRICT OF TEXAS
Share
Dear Friends,
Recently, Mexican Congressman Carlos Garcia and I held a forum focusing on Mexican energy reforms and the potential economic benefits these reforms could have on South Texas.
Speakers included Pedro Angel Contreras Lpez, Director General of the Center for Public Finance Studies, Juan Carlos Gasca, Port of Brownsville Consultant, Dr. Guadalupe Correa-Cabrera, Associate Professor at the University of Texas at Brownsville, and Max Yzaguirre, CEO of the Yzaguirre Group, LLC.
The presenters agreed that South Texas is strategically located to service Northern Mexico wells on land and in the Gulf of Mexico.
Congressman Vela presenting at the Energy Forum
I had the pleasure of working with Pedro Garza, Regional Director for the U.S. Economic Development Administration (EDA), and University of Brownsville's Dr. Rick Jenet to help secure a $1.2 million EDA grant for construction linked to STARGATE, the first research Center of Excellence for the University of Texas Rio Grande Valley. STARGATE, or South Texas Spacecraft Tracking and Astronomical Research into Gigahertz Astrophysical Transient Emission, is a cooperative effort with SpaceX to develop and support the commercialization of phase-array technology for satellite and space vehicle communication. With Dr. Jenet's vision for STARGATE together with Elon Musk's vision for SpaceX, I look forward to seeing South Texas take a lead in space exploration.
Congressman Vela announcing the STARGATE EDA grant
EDA also awarded $1.2 million to the City of Port Isabel to help the Port Isabel Yacht Club transition into a culinary school. This grant will help fund renovations to the club and create between 92 and 155 new jobs for full-time students. I was pleased to work with Port Isabel and Pedro Garza of EDA in support of this grant and to have the opportunity to share my memories of the Yacht Club at the announcement. This new culinary school will not only produce talented culinary artists, but allow the history of the Yacht Club to be showcased.
Congressman Vela, Port Isabel Mayor Joe Vega, EDA Regional Director Pedro Garza,
and City Commissioners Maria de Jesus Garza and Guillermo Torres
I had the opportunity to participate in the Valley Environmental Summit, which was organized in partnership with State Representative Eddie Lucio III and other state, county and local elected officials, neighborhood associations, colonia residents and non-profit organizations to jointly address the environmental opportunities and challenges found in our community. This year we focused on sustainability and options to handle hazardous waste and prevent illegal dumping. Many of the ideas discussed at the summit will lead to a greener tomorrow that protects our neighborhoods, national parks, and our economy. State Senator Eddie Lucio Jr., State Representative Ren Oliveira,
Brownsville Mayor Tony Martinez, and Texas Commission on Environmental Quality (TCEQ) Commissioner Zak Covar also participated in the conference.
Congressman Vela with students at the Environmental Summit
Ebola is weighing heavily on the minds of Americans, and as a member of the House Committee on Homeland Security, I take these concerns seriously. Recently, I participated in a field hearing on Ebola held in Dallas, where I was able to share the concerns of the 34th District of Texas with leading experts tasked with containing the spread of Ebola, and ask questions about the best path towards containment.
To watch the hearing,
click here .
Congressman Vela participating in the Homeland Security Committee Ebola field hearing in Dallas
I was honored to serve as the keynote speaker at the annual meeting of the Cameron County Chapter of the Texas Farm Bureau where I briefed the audience on
recent agriculture issues and also shared with them information I learned at the Ebola hearing. Some of the topics that I discussed were citrus greening, Supplemental Nutrition Assistant Program (SNAP) Employment and Training (E&amp;T), and recent water legislation.
During my presentation, I invited Cris Prez, Executive Director of the Cameron County Farm Service Agency(FSA) Office, to brief attendees on various programs that are currently being implemented as a result of the 2014 Farm Bill.
Congressman Vela addressing the Cameron County Chapter of the Texas Farm Bureau
It was a privilege to be a part of Weslaco Independent School Districts Match N Fit conference, which is hosted through the GEAR UP program.
The conference was an overwhelming success that brought
together
aspiring
first generation college students .
It was reassuring to see so many parents actively engaged in helping their children
prepare for a brighter future .
I also brought along Dr. Luis Rios, a Harvard alumni and practicing plastic surgeon in McAllen, to share his experiences from Harvard and what it takes for students to get there.
I look forward to seeing the many accomplishments of those who attended the conference and the impact they'll have on our community.
Congressman Vela speaking to students at the Match N Fit Conference
During my time in Congress, I have brought many Washington policymakers and legislators to South Texas to better understand our region.
Last week, Congressman Pete Visclosky visited South Texas.
Congressman Visclosky sits on the powerful
Appropriations Committee
and
serves as Ranking Member on the
Defense Subcommittee . We visited Naval Air Station Kingsville and received a briefing and tour from the Commanding Officer, CAPT Christopher C. Misner and Training Air Wing TWO Commander, CAPT Donald A. Nisbett, Jr.
The base is critically important as it is one of the Navys premier locations for jet/strike aviation training.
Congressmen Vela and Visclosky visiting with CAPT Nisbett at the Naval Air Station in Kingsville
Rep. Visclosky is also a senior member of the Energy and Water Appropriations Subcommittee where he works to support investment in our national infrastructureports, harbors, and waterways, so I took him to visit the Port of Brownsville.
We toured the ship channel and met with Brownsville Mayor Martinez, Cameron County Judge Cascos, the Port of Brownsville, and ship recyclers to discuss the thousands of jobs the port provides to our region.
One of the key industries at the Port of Brownsville is ship recycling.
To keep this industry growing, it is important that the U.S. military continues to send ships to be recycled.
Congressmen Vela and Visclosky touring the ship channel
along with Port of Brownsville Director Eduardo Campirano
In closing, I would like to invite you to the 2nd Annual Congressional Veterans Summit on Saturday, November 22, 2014 from 9:00AM - 1:00PM. This is a free event taking place at the International Technology, Education and Commence Center, formerly known as Amigoland Mall, on 301 Mexico Blvd. The Summit will provide veterans with a one-stop shop, allowing them to meet with and receive services from many different organizations and agencies. Brownsville Metro and Valley Metro will be providing free transportation to and from the event for veterans. Veterans should bring their DD214 to enroll in the VA Texas Valley Costal Bend Health Care System. For more information about the event, please call (956) 544-8352.
Sincerely,
Filemon Vela
Member of Congress
Rep. Vela in the News
Congressman Vela meeting with press after naturalization ceremony at Palo Alto Battlefield National Historical Park
Click to see recent news reports
Social Media
To keep up with news and developments from the 34th District of Texas and Capitol Hill, follow Congressman Vela online.
Focus on the District
34th District
Help with a Federal Agency
Request a Flag
Tour Requests
TEXAS OFFICES
WASHINGTON DC OFFICE
Alice Office
500 East Main
Alice, TX 78332
Phone: (956) 544-8352
Brownsville Office
333 Ebony Avenue
Brownsville, TX 78520
Phone: (956) 544-8352
San Benito Office
1390 W. Expressway 83
San Benito, TX 78586
Phone: (956) 544-8352
437 Canon HOB
Washington, DC 20515
phone: 202-225-9901
Unsubscribe
-
Privacy Policy
Click Here Click Here