
Education Update from Representative Jared Polis
Follow me on:
Dear Friend:
Are you wondering how you or your kids can afford college without going deeper and deeper into debt? Unfortunately, with rising tuition costs, students are graduating with more debt than ever before. We need to reverse this disturbing trend and make college more affordable.
In the past decade, total student loan debt has more than tripled. Today, American students owe $1.2 trillion in student loan payments, far surpassing credit card and auto loan debt. This means that at a time in which graduates should be entering the workforce, buying a house, or getting married, young people are instead saddled with debt and unable to make important investments and decisions for their future.
One of my top priorities in Congress is making college affordable. After all, education provides people with the opportunity and skills to pursue their dreams. These days, some form of community college or college education is becoming more and more important for getting a good job. Students should not have to choose between achieving a college degree and being burdened with debt for decades with no light at the end of the tunnel.
Thats why I successfully worked last summer to forge a bipartisan compromise that
kept student loan interest rates from doubling , and why Im exploring innovative ways to decrease college tuition and textbook costs. In particular, I am proud that the House recently passed
bipartisan legislation
I co-wrote with Representative Matt Salmon (R-AZ) to allow colleges and universities the flexibility to measure student learning, instead of seat time. This will give students an opportunity to achieve a college degree faster than they otherwise would, or move at a slower pace while maintaining a full- or part-time job, and reduce costs. This kind of flexibility is particularly important for adult learners, who deserve the opportunity to go back to school to prepare for a new career without sacrificing their livelihood and their family's financial security.
In addition to addressing rising college costs, I'm working to improve ways for students to repay their loans. My bipartisan ExCEL Act, which I authored with Representative Tom Petri (R-WI), will
simplify and streamline
our complicated array of student loan options. Each payment would be an affordable percentage of a student's income, automatically deducted from his or her paycheck. That means students pay nothing during periods of unemployment, and pay more when they have a high-paying job -- without having to complete any additional paperwork. I also continue to push for
providing students with more complete information
about their student loan options, so that they can choose to finance their education in a way that best meets their needs and wont leave them overwhelmed with debt after they graduate.
After finally figuring out how to pay tuition, students today are also hit with another
$500-$1,000
in charges for textbooks. It's ridiculous that textbooks cost so much, and it's completely unnecessary. That's why I'm proud to cosponsor the
Affordable College Textbook Act , which would create brand new open-source textbook programs at colleges and universities, so that students can freely access their course materials over the Internet and save hundreds of dollars every semester in needless textbook expenses.
Making college more affordable is just one piece of the puzzle to improve our economy and increase opportunities for Coloradans. Improving higher education options doesnt do enough to help the many students who aren't prepared for college. That's why Im also focused on passing commonsense reforms to improve our nation's K-12 education system. Our landmark education law, No Child Left Behind, is long overdue for reauthorization and
needs dramatic changes
to meet the needs of today's students, educators, and parents. I will continue to do everything within my power to make sure every student has access to an education that is tailored to their needs and will prepare them for college and a fulfilling career.
I'm interested to hear your input on how we can improve our education and workforce development system, and make college more affordable for more Americans. I depend on your input to guide my actions in Congress, and I hope youll take a moment to let me know your thoughts by filling out my
Education Survey . Id love to hear from you about your ideas and the issues that are most important to you and your family. You can also
email me , call one of
my offices , or send me a note through
Facebook
or
Twitter .
Thanks for your time, and please be in touch!
Yours Truly,
Jared Polis
Representative
Washington Office
1433 Longworth House Office Building
Washington, DC 20515
(202) 225-2161
Boulder Office
4770 Baseline Road, Suite 220
Boulder, CO 80303
(303) 484-9596
Fort Collins Office
300 E. Horsetooth Rd. #103
Fort Collins, CO 80525
(970) 226-1239
Frisco Office
P.O. Box 1453
Frisco, CO 80443
(970) 409-7301
Visit my web site:
Home
Click Here Click Here