
If you are having trouble viewing this message or would like to share
it on a social network, you can
view the message online .
Website
About David
Contact
Serving
You
Media
Center
Legislative Work
District
October 17, 2014
Stopping the Ebola Epidemic
from Spreading
In response to the recent spread
of the Ebola virus from West Africa to the United States,
I am urging the Obama Administration and public health
officials to take a more aggressive response , including restricting travel
from West African countries where there have been significant
outbreaks.
Combating the spread of Ebola requires an aggressive
and coordinated plan. Unfortunately the response thus far has been full
of
missteps and confusion and the American public is
losing confidence .
Stopping the outbreak in West
Africa is the only way to contain the virus
and
the
U.S. needs to continue to provide leadership on that front
but there
are several common sense steps we need to take to protect the
American people. Temporarily banning travel from the West African countries
hit hardest by Ebola until this gets under control should be one
step.
A travel ban wont solve the Ebola crisis, but it
should be part of a broader strategy, including resources to fight
the outbreak in Africa, enhanced screenings at airports, and more
intensive training for health care workers. The United States has the best
health care system in the world, despite the inadequate response thus
far, I am confident
we can lead the fight to defeat
Ebola with a more aggressive plan .
Yesterday the
Oversight and Investigations Subcommittee of Energy and Commerce
held a hearing
with leadership from the Centers for Disease
Control and National Institutes of Health. The hearing was just the
latest action taken by the House to address the threat to public
health.
Addressing the Natural Gas
Utilization Conference
Earlier this week I had
the opportunity to speak at the
Penn State Natural
Gas Utilization Conference , where I highlighted the potential for
economic growth in the region as a result of the Marcellus and Utica
Shale.
The abundance of natural gas in our region can
transform Americas economy and pave the way for a renaissance in
manufacturing. We just need to make sure we dont get in the way . The prospect of thousands of jobs, billions in investment, and lower
energy prices should be something we embrace . Unfortunately,
there are some in Washington who want to impede this progress.
There are several challenges facing the
natural gas industry, including scare tactics about hydraulic
fracturing, delays in permitting for pipeline infrastructure, and efforts to
stop the export of LNG.
We are sitting on
top of the second largest natural gas field in the world , which
has the potential to provide a competitive advantage to American
manufacturers and attract huge investments like ethane crackers. We need to
be vigilant and stop actions that would derail
it.
Meeting with Volunteer
Firefighters
According to the National Fire Protection Association, 69%
of firefighters in the U.S. are volunteers. They represent an
important entity in our communities, and are supported by their local areas.
That is why I met with volunteer firefighters in Marshall County this
week, to hear their concerns and learn how I can better support
them.
In Congress I have
also worked to protect VFDs
by co-sponsoring a bill that would
have protected firefighters from being counted as employees under
Obamacare, therefore requiring VFDs to provide health insurance to their
volunteers. The Administration heard our concerns and ended up exempting
volunteers from Obamacare. I am also currently drafting legislation
that would provide tax credits and deductions to VFDs to help them
promote recruitment.
Nutritious
Lunches for Our Children
This past week, October
13-17th, was
National School Lunch Week . The
National School Lunch program has served our nation admirably for over 60
years, providing lunch and breakfast to students across the country.
The lunch program is dedicated to the health and well-being of our
nations next generation and aids nutrition education and
awareness.
The federally-funded National School Lunch Program (NSLP)
provides nutritionally balanced, healthy meals to students every day.
The program requires school meals to meet federal
nutrition standards like offering fruits and vegetables every day,
serving whole-grain rich foods, and limiting fat, calories, and
sodium .
My office has heard from concerned parents and teachers
across the First District in regards to the importance of healthy food
and lunch options in our schools. I will continue to fight for this
cause.
Constituent
Meetings
Throughout October I will be traveling around the
First District meeting with constituents and visiting local
businesses. Next week I will be in Tyler, Wetzel, Harrison, Pleasants and Wood
Counties meeting with business leaders, farmers, and many more. Keep an
eye out, I may be visiting your town.
If
you are ever in the Washington D.C. office please drop in and say
hello. If you want an appointment just give my office a call at
202-225-4172, or submit a request on my website at
www.mckinley.house.gov .
What do you think? Are you in favor of
President Obama's choice for appointing an "Ebola Czar"? Yes No Don't
know Other *By
answering this survey, you are subscribing to my newsletter. If you are having trouble, click here. Share on
Facebook Share on LinkedIn Share on Twitter Survey Results Do
you agree with the State of West Virginia's decision to allow for
drilling under the Ohio River? Answer Total Yes 41.72% No 45.28% Other/Don't
Know 13.00%
Washington, DC
412 Cannon HOB |
Washington, DC
20515
Phone:
(202) 225-4172 |
Fax: (202) 225-7564
Morgantown
709 Beechurst Ave.
Suite 14B
Morgantown,
WV 26505
Phone: 304.284.8506
Wheeling
Horne
Building
1100 Main Street, Suite 101
Wheeling, WV 26003
Phone:
(304) 232-3801
Fax: 304-232-3813
Parkersburg
Federal Building
425
Juliana Street
Suite 1004
Parkersburg, WV 26101
Phone: (304)
422-5972
Unsubscribe
|
Update My Profile
|
Privacy
Policy
gateway mail end 