
Miller Newsletter
October 26, 2014
In the News
DoD Airdrop " Most Likely Fell Into Enemy Hands "
When I voted against the amendment to arm Syrian rebels last month, it was done because the strategy was premature at best and potentially disastrous at worst. There is no guarantee to confirm exactly who we would be arming and if they were truly allied with the interests of the United States.
Only a few days into the execution of these operations, the Department of Defense (DoD) confirmed that a cache of weapons
airdropped to these rebels was likely intercepted by Islamic State in Iraq and the Levant (ISIL) militants.
A department official confirmed after further review that after multiple weapons airdrops, at least two were determined to have drifted off course; one shipment is believed to have been destroyed, and a second was likely intercepted by ISIL terrorists.
Though some have speculated that the arms in the ISIL propaganda video are not American-made weapons, the DoD also confirmed that American made weapons were not what was delivered.
This Administrations incremental strategy is endemic of a President who is unwilling to make tough decisions, unpopular or not.
Though officials said that one weapons bundle is not enough to give the enemy any type of advantage, how are they helping our supposed allies turn the tide against ISIL?
The mixed messages and selective truths released by the White House deepen the mistrust in our government, at home and abroad, in a time when we are in desperate need of leadership on the world stage.
Miller Media Clips
To read some recent press clips highlighting my work on behalf of Florida's First
Congressional District and our Nations veterans and servicemembers, click on the links below:
VA knew of Phoenix fraud years ago
Central Ala. VA director James Talton fired
House Veterans Affairs chair Jeff Miller tours Patriot Plaza, talks about VA overhaul bill
Lawmakers blast new VA director for reform delays
Wards named Outstanding Farm Family of Year
VA knew of problems in Phoenix years earlier than previously thought
Internal investigation ID'd Phoenix VA fraud in 2008
Watchdog report on Veterans Affairs kept secret for years
Veterans Corner
VAOIG Hid Deadly Scheduling Practices
Make no mistake. The departments data manipulation scandal was caused by selfish VA bureaucrats who lied in order to hide interminable waits for medical care. But in reviewing the VA Office of Inspector Generals numerous reports on VA wait time issues prior to April 2014, it does appear that the OIG missed the forest for the trees, often labeling what we now know to be systemic and willful manipulation of medical care appointment data as basic procedural problems and breakdowns in training. Whats worse, the OIG actually identified many of the Phoenix VA Healthcare Systems wait time issues in a 2008 report that it refused to make public, effectively keeping the problems hidden.
Given VAs history of misleading statements regarding a range of issues, the OIG must treat the department with much more scrutiny in the future. Additionally, I think the OIG could do a much better job of producing reports that explain problems in concise and unambiguous language while drawing clear lines of accountability to VA employees who are responsible for mismanagement that harms veterans
something that is incredibly rare when it comes to OIGs health care-related reports.
Director of the Central Alabama Veterans Healthcare System Removed
Im pleased the department has finally reached the same conclusion about James Talton that nearly every person familiar with Central Alabama Veterans Healthcare Systems (CAVHCS) problems came to long ago. Its unfortunate, however, that VAs action comes only after Talton was on paid leave for more than two months
an expense that can only be described as a waste of taxpayer dollars. Regardless of this decision, its clear the department needs to move much more quickly to purge other disgraced personnel from its payroll, especially the CAVHCS employee who took a veteran to a crack house and Sharon Helman, the face of the VA scandal who has been on indefinite paid leave for nearly six months.
S arasota National Cemetery Patriot Plaza Tour
I had the distinct privilege of touring the newly dedicated 2,800-seat ceremonial amphitheater at the Sarasota National Cemeterys Patriot Plaza Friday alongside my colleague Congressman Vern Buchanan (R-FL).
The amphitheater was built to honor our Nations veterans and allow an opportunity for all Floridians and Americans to reflect upon the sacrifices of our Nations heroes.
The Sarasota National Cemetery is situated upon 295 acres of sacred ground and serves as a resting place for many brave souls who heard the call of duty.
I thank the entire Patriot Plaza team for hosting Vern and I as well as the work they do every day to keep the memory of the fallen alive.
Congressman Miller and Congressman Vern Buchanan (R-FL)
at the Sarasota National Cemeterys Patriot Plaza with Ms. Sandra Beckley of the Patterson Foundation and John Rosentrater, Director of Sarasota National Cemetery.
Constituent Voice
The U.S. Citizen and Immigration Service (USCIS), under the U.S. Department of Homeland Security, has undergone initial efforts to
procure
cardstock for approximately 34 million Permanent Resident Cards (or green cards) and Employment Authorization Documentation cards total over five years.
While requesting and issuing these cards may be routine in nature, I share the concerns with many constituents who have contacted me on this matter given the number requested, which is a hike in current annual levels. According to its
draft solicitation , the level requested would be for the purpose of supporting possible future immigration reform initiative requirements.
If the reports of an impending immigration Executive Order prove to be false, then the lack of an existing requirement for these cards makes this wasteful federal spending at a minimum.
If such an Executive Order actually comes to fruition, or the President manipulates existing law to meet his own agenda, it would be another demonstration of the President's executive overreach.
What I find most concerning is I have yet to see the Administration support securing the border or any real immigration reform, but rather its continual push for blanket amnesty and blatant disregard for the law through executive action, including the Presidents 2012 Executive Order known as the
Deferred Action for Childhood Arrivals (DACA) .
Providing amnesty and any attempt to reward those who have broken our laws with the greatest prize of all--American citizenship--is not immigration reform.
DACA not only flaunts the Constitution, but it is also one of the key reasons that arrests in areas adjacent to southern border have increased by an estimated 1,381 percent since 2011.
This is why the House passed H.R.5272, which I voted for, to prohibit federal funds or resources from being used to adjudicate new applications under DACA and prohibit funds or resources from being used to newly authorize deferred action for any class of aliens or for previously denied applications.
Rather than the President and his allies pursuing action to expand amnesty to the flock of illegal immigrants that this Administration has invited through our porous border as a result of its lax enforcement of our immigration laws and encouraging folks to stay here, regardless if they came here illegally, it should be focusing its efforts securing the border, enforcing the laws on the books, sending a message to those patiently waiting in line and to the world that we are a Nation of laws, and on bolstering our economy and getting the more than 9 million unemployed Americans back to work.
It is well past time for the President to get his priorities in check and for the Senate to get on board and act.
Washington Update
The Administration's Insufficient Travel Guidance on Ebola Crisis
Reports emerged of yet another ebola case last week; a doctor who returned to New York City from Guinea has tested positive with the virus. Furthermore, with at least six West Africans arriving in the United States being placed into quarantine in Connecticut last week, the number of individuals under surveillance by the CDC for Ebola is now over 100.
Meanwhile, millions of Americans remain concerned with the Administrations failure to prevent potentially Ebola stricken individuals from entering the United States.
Given that individuals exposed to Ebola are continuing to arrive in this country, the American people have no confidence that the Administrations travel guidance and screening measures are effective.
Last week, I joined my colleagues in sending a letter to the President calling on him and his Administration to immediately institute travel bans for individuals arriving from West African countries hit by Ebola, enhance airport screening at all airports, and institute a mandatory quarantine of individuals who have been in contact with Ebola.
Because individuals may remain asymptomatic for weeks following exposure, it is imperative that we deny entry to any Aliens from or traveling through countries where Ebola is present.
Operation Choke Point
Since Spring 2013, the Department of Justices (DoJ) Financial Fraud Enforcement Task Force has been conducting what is known as Operation Choke Point.
The apparent objective of this operation is to combat mass-market consumer fraud by cutting off the financial access to fraudulent businesses that pose reputation risk.
In reality, however, the operation is shutting down legal businesses that are covered as high risk businesses, many of which the Administration has been known to find objectionable, including the firearms and ammunition industry.
While the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation (FDIC) formally withdrew its explanatory warning list on July 28, 2014, that documented for financial institutions which types of merchants were deemed high risk, for many legal businesses, the damage has already been done as they have been forced to shut down as a result of this operation.
Operation Choke Point is simply a result from the Departments radical interpretation of law that has put financial institutions in the position to either discontinue its relationship with profitable and legal businesses or possibly face lawsuits by the DoJ.
This egregious effort is another example of this Administrations continued executive overreach and disrespect for the rule of law, and it is something that should be tolerated.
To that end, in addition to for the fiscal year 2015 Commerce, Justice, Science Appropriations bill on May 30, 2014, which includes a provision that would prohibit federal funds from being used to carry out Operation Choke Point, I joined my colleagues last week in calling for an immediate investigation of the operation.
In the District
UF/IFAS West Florida Research and Education Center
Fall Harvest Dinner
Vicki and I enjoyed attending the University of Florida Institute of Food and Agricultural Sciences (UF/IFAS) West Florida Research and Education Center Fall Harvest Dinner Friday and the entertainment of Pensacolas A Touch of Blue and 3-time Iraq war veteran, comedian, and speaker, Mr. Jody Fuller. IFAS is a highly successful federal-state-county partnership that has helped support Floridas Farmers and Agricultural Industry for more than 100 years.
UF/IFAS West Florida Research and Education Center, which comprises the Jay Research Facility and local University of Florida campus in Milton, was established for the purposes of enhancing and sustaining the quality of human life and has since had a tremendous impact on the local community. As a result of its innovative research and community partnership, not only does the Center stand as a source of information, but it has afforded hundreds of students the academic opportunity to earn a Bachelor of Science degree in Natural Resource Conservation or Plant Science, right here in Northwest Florida. I thank everyone who has helped pave the way to the Center's success and look forward to its continued growth.
As always, I welcome your comments. To share your thoughts on legislation, votes or issues, please visit http://jeffmiller.house.gov/ to send an e-mail or call any of my offices.
Thanks,
Jeff
Click Here
to view this email in your browser
Click Here
to be removed from this list