DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.0 Transitional//EN" "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml1/DTD/xhtml1-transitional.dtd"
District Update | October 3, 2014
Click here
if you have trouble viewing this email
Dear Friends,
Many of you have been closely following the case of United States Marine Corps Sergeant Andrew Tahmooressi, a young man who has been jailed in Mexico since March. Ive also been following Andrews case closely, and earlier this week the Committee I chair held
a hearing
to press for his release.
This hearing was titled Sergeant Andrew Tahmooressi: Our Marine in Mexican Custody and featured testimony from Andrews mother Jill, as well as USMC Sergeant Robert Buchanan, who served with Andrew overseas.
Sgt. Tahmooressi is a brave Marine who served two combat tours in Afghanistan.
During his time deployed to Helmand province with the 2nd Battalion, 6th Marine Regiment, Andrew received a combat meritorious promotion
a battlefield promotion under meritorious conditions.
This rarely happens, and is a testament to Andrews valor and love of country.
Andrew suffered physical injuries as a result of an IED explosion during his deployment in Afghanistan, as well as psychological injuries in the form of combat PTSD.
The San Diego Veterans Affairs hospital diagnosed Andrew with combat PTSD less than ten days prior to his arrest at the Mexican border.
Andrews PTSD has resulted in hyper-vigilance, memory and cognition lapses, and depression.
When I learned that Andrew was jailed in the over-crowded and dangerous La Mesa Penitentiary in Tijuana, it was clear to me that he would not be able to receive the specialized treatment he needs as long as hes held in Mexico.
This was confirmed when I visited him after hed been moved to better conditions.
The House Foreign Affairs Committee, which I lead, has been aggressive in the defense of this brave American in trouble abroad, while being respectful of Americas relationship with Mexico. But Andrew has been in jail since March. The bottom line is that this Marine needs to be home, now.
I recently asked the Attorney General of Mexico to consider the extenuating circumstances of Andrews combat related PTSD, a condition requiring specific expertise not available in Mexico. Last week, I had a conversation with the Mexican Attorney General and am confident that a humanitarian release of Andrew will happen soon so he can get treatment and start getting better. Please rest assured that I will continue to follow Andrews case until he is released, and will keep you updated on the
latest developments .
Sincerely,
Representative Ed Royce
News for Sept. 26 - Oct. 3, 2014
Meeting Indian Prime Minister
Narendra Modi
It was an honor to welcome Indian Prime Minister Narendra Modi to the Capitol this week. We discussed important issues, including improving counterterrorism cooperation and steps that can be taken to reduce violence against Indian women. The Prime Minister also heard congressional concerns about fully implementing the civilian nuclear energy agreement so that the US can be a full partner in Indias nuclear energy industry.
India is a critical partner of the United States. As a three time co-chair of the Congressional Caucus on India and Indian Americans and strong proponent for strengthening U.S.India ties, I look forward to working closely with Prime Minister Modi in the future.
Law Librarian of Congress to Visit Diamond Bar
I'm excited to announce that
David S. Mao , the 23 rd
Law Librarian of Congress, will be giving a presentation on Serving Digital Natives in Libraries Today on Saturday, October 18th, 2 PM, at the AQMD Government Building (21865 Copley Drive, Diamond Bar, CA).
Mr. Mao will outline the ways that our libraries can evolve, innovate, and grow in order to engage students that have grown up with modern technology.
Seating is limited and reservations are a must for this special afternoon. Please call (626) 960-2861 to reserve your seats.
Marine Jailed in Mexico May Be Close To Coming Home
It appears Mexico is close to releasing a jailed U.S. Marine veteran who has been detained since March on gun charges, lawmakers said Wednesday after a House Foreign Affairs Committee hearing in Washington, D.C.
U.S. Rep. Ed Royce, R-Fullerton, who chairs the committee, said Mexicos attorney general indicated he has the power to release Andrew Tahmooressi once he receives proof of the post traumatic stress disorder Tahmooressi developed from serving two tours in Afghanistan.
He said Tahmooressis medical reports from the Department of Veterans Affairs were recently forwarded to the Mexican official. The combat veteran was diagnosed with PTSD 10 days before his arrest in Mexico, Royce said.
Im certain that were nearing a dismissal and release now that those documents are in the hands of the attorney general, Royce said.
Supporters of Tahmooressi gathered in front of Royces Brea office Wednesday to demand the veterans immediate release and urge a boycott of all Mexican products until he is back home.
He needs to be released now, said Betty Robinson, a Tustin resident and spokesperson for event organizer We The People Rising.
Read the full article here
First Case of Ebola Diagnosed in the U.S.
As Chairman of the House Foreign Affairs Committee, Rep. Royce issued the following statement after the Centers for Disease Control
confirmed
the first case of Ebola to be diagnosed in the United States:
"Communicable diseases do not stop at borders.
While the likelihood of a major outbreak in the United States is still very unlikely, with this case, it is more clear than ever that the rapid spread of Ebola in Guinea, Liberia, and Sierra Leone presents a clear and present danger not only to West Africa, but to the broader international community.
This is why I have been seeking to advance an urgent, effective, international response to the Ebola crisis.
The United States must work with the African governments at ground zero, other donors, the private sector, and competent nongovernmental and international organizations to detect cases, get infected persons into isolation, and trace contacts.
With every day that goes by without effective detection and isolation, the number of cases will expand exponentially. We cannot stand by as this deadly disease spreads."
CONNECT
Facebook
Youtube
ORANGE COUNTY OFFICE
210 W. Birch Street, Ste 201
Brea, CA 92821
T (714) 255-0101
LOS ANGELES COUNTY OFFICE
1380 S. Fullerton Road, Suite 205
Rowland Heights, CA 91748
T (626) 964-5123
WASHINGTON, DC OFFICE
2185 Rayburn House Office Building
Washington, DC 20515
T (202) 225-4111
UPDATE SUBSCRIPTION OPTIONS
|
PRIVACY POLICY
|
CONTACT US
Click Here Click Here