
Can't see the pictures? Select "Always display images" or
view this message in your browser
Not in Kansas (City) Anymore
October 24, 2014
Share This
Email On:
Twitter
Facebook
October Together
Welcome back to your City by the Bay, Giants. In what is becoming a familiar and welcome even-year tradition, buildings across San Francisco &ndash; from City Hall to Coit Tower &ndash; are glowing in bright orange light to celebrate our National League Champions. Earlier this week I was pleased to announce the details of a friendly wager with Kansas City Congressman Emanuel Cleaver over the World Series between our San Francisco Giants and his Kansas City Royals. As passionate fans and competitive colleagues, Congressman Cleaver and I agreed to a battle for bragging rights and local delicacies.
If the Royals win, I will provide the Kansas City Congressman with a basket of the finest chocolates from San Francisco. If the Giants win, Congressman Cleaver will provide my office with some of Kansas City&rsquo;s delicious BBQ.
There are many savory delights that Kansas City has to offer and I can&rsquo;t wait to enjoy them, but nothing would be sweeter than a Giants victory. The Royals are a fine team, but they are no match for the talent, toughness, and heart of our never-say-die Giants. I look forward to enjoying the Giants&rsquo; latest championship with some fine Kansas City BBQ, and I wish the Giants luck as they bring the World Series home to San Francisco tonight for what is promising to be an exciting Game 3.
Congresswoman Nancy Pelosi and her husband Paul cheer on the Giants at Game 1 of the NLDS in Washington, D.C.
The Facts about Ebola
To follow Congresswoman Nancy Pelosi on Twitter, please
click here .
Please feel free to
forward this information to your family and friends . To learn more about these efforts, to express your views, or to sign up for email updates,
please visit my website . I am also on
Twitter at http://twitter.com/NancyPelosi .
best regards,
This mailing was prepared, published and mailed at taxpayer expense
Unsubscribe
Washington, DC
235 Cannon HOB
Washington, D.C. 20515
Phone: (202) 225-4965
Map it!
District Office
90 7th Street, Suite 2-800
San Francisco, CA 94103
Phone: (415) 556-4862
Map it!
Click Here
to be removed from this list
