
Working with Sheriffs on Border Security
Tuesday, October 7, 2014
Friday Meeting with area sheriffs
Photo by Natalie Frels ,
Wharton Journal-Spectator
On Friday I met with Matagorda County Sheriff Frank "Skipper" Osborne, Wharton County Sheriff Jess Howell, and Jackson County Sheriff A.J. "Andy" Louderbak to discuss the border crisis and its impact on local law enforcement. We talked about costs and increased local-federal cooperation.
Texas, especially South Texas and other border states are hardest hit by crime associated with illegal immigration. The Sheriff's agreed, however, that is a national crises. Many people that are apprehended by local law enforcement are on their way to other states.
Wounded Warrior Federal Leave Act of 2014
Recently, a bill I co-authored,
H.R. 5229 , the
Wounded Warrior Federal Leave Act of 2014 , was approved by the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform and will likely appear on the House Floor in November for final votes.
The bill will grant paid leave for first year federal employees who have a 30% or more service related disability. Currently, new federal employees do not have medical leave during their first year of civilian government employees. Our injured veterans need the time to get the treatment they need, and this bill solves that problem. I look forward to its prompt passage by both the House and Senate and it being signed into law by the President.
Red Tape Cutters
Shawna Mitchell, Red Tape Cutter in my Victoria office
I understand how frustrating it can be dealing with the federal government. Sometimes things slip between the cracks, and procedures and policies can be confusing. Sometimes a call or letter from a Congressional office can speed things along towards a resolution. If youre in need of assistance from one of my
Red Tape Cutters , contact my office today!
Last week, someone needed to travel out of the country to visit an ill family member and needed a renewed passport in order to do so. His flight was booked for the next day and he was not able to obtain information about whether his passport was going to be approved. Our office submitted an inquiry on his behalf and within hours was told the passport was approved and issued. He was able to make his flight to visit his family member!
Ebola
On October 1, 2014, the Center for Disease Control and Prevention confirmed the first diagnosed case of Ebola in the United States. An adult male who recently returned from traveling in West Africa has developed symptoms of the disease and is being treated at Texas Health Presbyterian Hospital in Dallas.
My office has been staying in close contact with State and Federal authorities working to contain the spread of this horrible disease. I want to make sure this case is isolated and that we are doing everything humanly possible to keep this disease from spreading.
My prayers are with all who are suffering with this disease and the professionals who are treating them.
Julia Pierson's Resignation
In the wake of several security lapses associated with the Secret Service's role of protecting the President, Secret Service Director, Julia Pierson resigned. It is evident that security protocols within the Secret Service need improvement. I suspect these lapses are symptomatic of the leadership and complacency culture under the current administration.
The Secret Service is under the Department of Homeland Security and I want the Secretary of Homeland Security, Jeh C. Johnson, to see to it that Ms. Piersons replacement makes the security of The White House an immediate priority moving forward. I worry that if the Department of Homeland Security cannot protect the President and The White House, what kind of job are they doing on broader homeland security concerns including border security and the threat from ISIL and other terrorist organizations.
CONNECT
LATEST NEWS
Communication, collaboration and a cup of coffee
Wharton Journal-Spectator
Two Pay and Benefits Bills for Disabled Vets to Watch
vp40.com
Representative Farenthold Introduces Legislation to Protect First Sale Doctrine
ebay
Rep. Blake Farenthold: Holder Politicized Justice Department
Newsmax
Becks help paint the town teal to promote ovarian cancer cause
mySouTex.com
Whistleblower Protection Act Intended to Shield Whistleblowers from Agency Rules Undermining the Law
Chuck Grassley
SNAPSHOTS
10/4-I had a great time in Gonzales participating in the Come and Take It Celebration!
10/4-My Field Representative, Luis Buentello, presented a certificate on my behalf to Top Notch Salon during their grand opening event.
10/4-Corpus Christi held their annual Gold Star Mothers' Ceremony at Sherrill Park honoring the families of our fallen War Heroes.
10/3-I stopped by to congratulate, Denice Franoeur on meeting naturalization requirements and obtaining US Citizenship.
10/2-TenarisBayCity hosted a community reception to provide an update from German Cura, President-Tenaris North America on the company's $1.5 billion seamless pipe mill that is projected to create 600 direct jobs.
WEBSITE
|
UNSUBSCRIBE
|
CONTACT
Click Here Click Here