
Can't see the pictures? Select "Always display images" or
view this message in your browser .
Dear David,
As Congress continues a district work period, I wanted to check in and give you a quick update on some of the work I&rsquo;ve done this session in the other Washington.
Funding for Oso Mudslide Recovery
Honored to speak at a ceremony to commemorate the 43 lives lost in the slide and celebrate
connecting communities with the reopening of SR530.
Six months ago, the communities of Darrington, Arlington, and Oso came together and helped each other through this tragedy.
There is a lot of work left to do, but this community remains strong.
Last week, I joined Senators Murray and Cantwell and Congressman Larsen in announcing a $1.5 million grant from the Department of Housing and Urban Development (HUD) to Snohomish County to help local communities recover from the landslide.
I&rsquo;m also pleased to announce that the Darrington School District has received a grant from the Department of Education to help offset costs the school district incurred after the landslide.
This funding is part of our ongoing commitment to doing everything possible to help the families and businesses affected and to help the community rebuild, and I will continue to push for resources to help the region recover from this tragedy.
More
HERE
and
HERE .
Supporting Women Entrepreneurs
This month, I introduced the Women&rsquo;s Small Business Ownership Act of 2014, aimed at giving women entrepreneurs equal treatment when it comes to starting and growing their own businesses.
We are making progress, but we know that many women-owned businesses still do not have equal access to economic opportunity. According to a recent study by the Senate Small Business Committee,
21st Century Barriers to Women&rsquo;s Entrepreneurship , women entrepreneurs account for just $1 out of every $23 in small business lending, despite representing 30 percent of all small companies. They are also more likely to be turned down for loans or face less favorable terms than men.
We need to do more to advance an economic agenda that supports women, both as business owners and as workers, and build an economy that works for everyone.
More on my bill
HERE .
House Agriculture Committee Talks Implementation of My Job Training Program
The House Agriculture Committee held a hearing on the implementation of my Farm Bill job training pilot program, enacted in January, which will expand an innovative Washington State model nationally to help low-income individuals develop self-sustaining careers.
At the hearing, Secretary of Agriculture Tom Vilsack said he was confident the program would be effective in reducing reliance on food stamps.
These projects will provide SNAP beneficiaries with access to opportunity by helping them develop the training they need to obtain well-paying jobs in industries seeking skilled workers. This is a smart way for us to invest now in education and career training opportunities and save money as these new workers transition off of SNAP.
Learn more about my bill
HERE , and click
HERE
to watch my speech at the hearing.
I'm looking forward to spending the next few weeks back in the First District, meeting with constituents and hearing more about the issues that matter most to you.
My office is here to serve you, so if you have questions or comments about the challenges facing our nation, I encourage you to contact me through my
website . You may also keep up-to-date on what I&rsquo;m doing by following me on
Twitter
or liking my
Facebook
page.
Sincerely,
Suzan
Please do not reply to this e-mail address. To respond to this message, please click
here .
Click here to unsubscribe
Washington, D.C. Office
318 Cannon House Office Building
Washington, DC 20515
phone: (202) 225-6311
fax: (202) 226-1606
hours: M-F 9-5:30pm
Bothell District Office
Canyon Park Business Center,
22121 17th Ave SE, Bldg E,
Suite 220
Bothell, WA 98021
phone: (425) 485-0085
fax: (425) 485-0083
hours: M-F 8:30am-5pm
Mount Vernon District Office
204 W. Montgomery Street
Mount Vernon, WA 98273
Phone: (360) 416-7879
Click Here
to be removed from this list
