
HOME
|
About Mike
|
Contact YOUR Office
|
Serving You
|
Newsroom
|
Legislative Work
|
4th District
|
Resources
WEBSITE
| SHARE ON:
Greetings,
It's always a pleasure to be home in Kansas, especially when I'm surrounded by job creators, builders, people who all contribute to our community by continuing the tradition of Wichita being the Air Capital of the World.
I got my start in this industry running my own aviation manufacturing shop for 10 years, so every time I get to speak with groups like the Wichita Aero Club, as I did this past week, I feel like it's a homecoming.
We have an enormous opportunity in the aviation community, and across other industries, to lift this economy up simply by doing what makes the most sense for our businesses.
That's why I've worked on issues important to helping aviation without seeking federal bailouts and earmarks that favor one company over another.
I enjoyed speaking to members
of the Wichita Aero Club on Friday
We've already accomplished a lot.
My bill, the Small Airplane Revitalization Act, was signed into law by the President at the end of last year, and is steadily getting implemented by the Federal Aviation Administration.
The law modernizes the regulations that control parts certification.
An 800 dollar part is no longer a $2,000 part, freeing up capital to create jobs and make it easier for job creators to do the things aviation manufacturers need to do in order to serve customers.
And here's the best part about the work we did to pass this law: It passed unanimously, through both chambers of Congress.
Reforms like the Small Airplane Revitalization Act will make it easier for future generations of Kansans to do the hard work of helping American manufacturing soar.
When I spoke to young people at the Kansas Aviation Expo's "Flying Classroom," I could see their excitement about a future in aviation.
It was warming to see them take a shine to a long tradition.
Young people attending the Kansas Aviation Expo are
excited about the prospect of working in the aviation field
We can take massive steps like this to change how this industry looks in a positive way.
We can create jobs simply by chopping away at federal regulations, so that you can compete in the world without any need for federal support.
Our airplane manufacturers are the best in the business and the world knows it.
I'm proud to fight for them and our Kansas traditions as part of my work in Congress.
Sincerely,
Mike Pompeo
Member of Congress
Connect With Mike
NOTE: Please
DO NOT
respond to this email as this
inbox is unattended . To contact my office please
click here
WASHINGTON, DC OFFICE
107 Cannon HOB
Washington, DC 20515
Phone:
(202) 225-6216
Fax:
(202) 225-3489
WICHITA, KS OFFICE
7701 E. Kellogg, Suite 510
Wichita, KS 67207
Phone:
(316) 262-8992
Fax:
(316) 262-5309
UPDATE SUBSCRIPTION OPTIONS
|
PRIVACY POLICY
|
CONTACT US
Click Here Click Here