
Miller Newsletter
October 5, 2014
Veterans Corner
House Veterans' Affairs Committee Oversight Visits in Tampa and Orlando
Last week, I traveled to central Florida to accompany Department of Veterans Affairs Secretary Bob McDonald on visits to the Tampa and Orlando VA Medical Centers. These visits were the latest in a series of similar trips Secretary McDonald has made since becoming VA secretary and part of regular oversight visits I conduct at VA facilities across the country.
I joined McDonald Wednesday at the James A. Haley Veterans' Hospital, where we met with facility leadership to discuss VA's roadmap to improving veteran care.
Following the meeting, McDonald and I toured the facilitys Polytrauma center, where we witnessed some of the latest medical technology in action, including a remarkable exoskeleton system that enables veterans who have lost the use of their legs to stand up and even walk.
Congressman Miller and VA Secretary McDonald meeting with the Tampa VA Medical Center Leadership
The following day, we met with Orlando VAMC leadership and stakeholders, toured the VAMCs Lake Baldwin campus, visited with medical residents of the University of Central Florida College of Medicine and toured the new Lake Nona VAMC campus, which is currently under construction. The Lake Nona construction site has been plagued by years of long delays and millions in cost overruns. Construction is now scheduled to be completed in early 2015, according to local VA officials.
Congressman Miller, Congresswoman Corrine Brown, and VA Secretary McDonald meeting with the Orlando VA Medical Center Leadership
Having seen McDonald in action first-hand, I am optimistic that he understands whats needed to reform VA into an organization truly worthy of the veterans it is charged with serving.
His willingness to get into the trenches and meet with ground-level VA employees tasked with providing care to veterans is a welcome and needed change from the approach of past VA leaders.
McDonald certainly has his work cut out for him. To get the department back on track, the former Proctor and Gamble chief executive officer will need to muster every ounce of management expertise he has. But the most important tool hell need in this quest is basic common sense. Failure of past VA leaders to utilize this simple decision-making skill lies at the root of nearly all of VAs most pressing challenges and remains the key to overcoming them.
Washington Update
Secret Service Director Julia Pierson Resigns
Julia Pierson stepped down as Director of the Secret Service last week following a House Oversight and Government Reform Committee
hearing .
In light of news of yet another Secret Service mishap as a man armed with a knife made it into the unlocked front door of the White House, Ms. Pierson took full responsibility, and offered her resignation, which the President accepted.
The September 19 White House incident is one of three recent security failures.
Just as, if not more, concerning are reports of an armed guard with a criminal past who shared an elevator with President Obama that occurred just days before.
The third in the series of security breaches occurred at a Congressional Black Caucus event September 27, when an unidentified man posed as a Member of Congress and made it backstage to the secure area where Members of Congress awaited to have photos taken with the President.
These three incidents happened within weeks and days of each other.
While the task to defend the President is certainly a difficult oneand I thank the Secret Service for what they do everydaysuch breaches of security cannot be tolerated and must be remedied immediately.
Former Presidential Protective Division Chief Joseph Clancy will now be tasked as the agency's interim director.
Constituent Voice
Representing Floridas First Congressional District in the House allows me the opportunity to meet and hear from constituents across Northwest Florida advocating to bring awareness to important causes.
During the month of October, campaigns are underway to promote awareness about a number of important issues, and I wanted to highlight three of these efforts: National Down Syndrome Awareness Month, National Breast Cancer Awareness Month, and National Domestic Violence Awareness Month.
National Down Syndrome Awareness
Month helps bring awareness to the most commonly occurring genetic condition in this country: Down syndrome.
Throughout this month, we celebrate the many achievements and accomplishments of individuals with Down syndrome.
More than 400,000 Americans are living with Down syndrome all across the country, and about 6,000 babies are born with the Down syndrome each year.
We are blessed in Northwest Florida to have a strong support system in place for our areas Down syndrome community to help these individuals reach their full potential, and I commend all those working to raise awareness about Down syndrome.
National Breast Cancer Awareness
Month is an annual campaign to increase awareness and educate our Nation on the importance of early detection and treatment of the disease. During the month of October, we stand strong and united in support of our loved ones who are courageously battling breast cancer, while also honoring breast cancer survivors and remembering those who lost their lives to breast cancer. October also gives us the chance to support and promote research into improving breast cancer treatment, diagnosis, and prevention, and, ultimately, working to find a cure to eradicate this deadly disease.
Since 1987, October has served as
National Domestic Violence Awareness
Month, and since 1989, Congress has routinely passed legislation supporting the goals of National Domestic Violence Awareness Month and working to raise awareness of domestic violence in the United States and its devastating effects on families and communities. Crucially, this month also presents an opportunity to expand awareness of support programs and practices designed to prevent and end domestic violence.
This October, I hope that you will join me in helping to raise awareness of these three causes, and the many others, throughout the entire Northwest Florida community.
In the District
Jay Peanut Festival 25th Anniversary
Vicki and I enjoyed joining in on the festivities Saturday at the annual Jay Peanut Festival.
Celebrating its 25th Anniversary
this year, the Jay Peanut Festival was founded by Gene and Brenda Gabbert
in honor of their daughter Melissa, who had lost her battle with cancer at the young age of 19. Melissa found great joy in frequenting agricultural festivals throughout the Gulf Coast and the special sense of community that festivals often bring to life. After her passing, the Gabberts started the Jay Peanut Festival to keep Melissas memory alive and bring together the entire Northwest Florida community in celebration of the areas deep agricultural history. The festival has flourished over the years, and this year, the Jay community welcomed tens of thousands of visitors from all over.
Vicki and I wish the Gabberts and all those who have helped carry on this proud tradition continued success.
Congressman Jeff and Vicki Miller presenting the Congressional Record commemorating the Jay Peanut Festival 25th Anniversary to the Gabbert Family:
Brenda and Gene Gabbert (left) and their daughter, Mandy Simmons (center).
The Congressional Award
I was pleased to present the Congressional Gold Medal Award to one of Northwest Florida's rising students, Miss Anna Bryant.
The
United States Congress Congressional Award program
challenges young Americans to set various goals that contribute to personal growth, well-being, and that ignites a spirit of adventure and discovery.
Anna earned the Gold Congressional Award for her more than 400 hours of volunteer work at various community organizations, including Achilles Divers, where she helped individuals with special needs fulfill their dreams of learning to scuba dive.
She also met her physical fitness goal of riding over 20 miles non-stop and planned a four-night camping trip for her expedition.
I congratulate Anna on this outstanding achievement and wish her continued success in her future endeavors.
Congressman Miller and Congressional Gold Medal Award Recipient Miss Anna Bryant
Honoring the Dedicated Service of Colonel Justin McCarthy Mac Miller, USMC (ret) and Captain Robert Bob Rasmussen, USN (ret)
Last week, I attended two events honoring two true American Patriots of Northwest Florida and two of the finest pilots of our Nation's history:
Colonel Justin McCarthy Mac Miller, United States Marine Corps Retired
and
Captain Robert Bob Rasmussen, United States Navy Retired .
Without question, these two men have dedicated their lives to service, and I was humbled to recognize their remarkable achievements.
On Sunday, I attended the 100th birthday celebration honoring Colonel Miller. What began as an admiration of the pursuit pilots of the Allied Forces as a young man, Colonel Miller enlisted in the Marine Corps in 1940, and from there, his career took flight.
He received his wings in 1941, and following his assignments as an Instructor Pilot in Pensacola and Staff and Command school at Marine Corps Base, Quantico, he took on the role of Executive Officer of the newly-established fighter squadron VMF 217.
Throughout his tour in the Pacific Theater, Colonel Miller commanded two fighter squadrons. He then joined the Reserves in 1948 after the end of the war, where he continued his career in flight while also proving to be a successful businessman, as evidenced by his ownership of many radio stations, including WCOA Pensacola.
Amongst his vast array of accolades and contributions lay a centurys worth of anecdotes, including being taught to fly his favorite aircraft, the F4U Corsair, by the legendary Charles Lindbergh himself. Colonel Miller flew 140 combat missions in 31 different aircraft, and received three Distinguished Flying Crosses, 11 Air Medals, and four Battle Stars, amidst an interminable list of decorations, honors, and awards for his distinguished service in World War II.
Congressman Miller with Reverend William F. Broach of
All Saints Church Pensacola, Florida;
Colonel Justin McCarthy Mac Miller; and
Florida Representative Clay Ingram (District 1).
Photo courtesy of Representative Ingram.
Monday, I attended the retirement celebration of Captain Rasmussen, who has served as Director of the National Naval Aviation Museum since 1987. A native of Sacramento, California, Bob entered the Navy through the Naval Aviation Cadet Program in 1951. Upon excelling in flight training school at NAS Whiting Field and NAS Pensacola, he was assigned to a fighter squadron in San Diego, California and deployed on multiple occasions to the Western Pacific aboard the carrier USS PHILIPPINE SEA. In 1956, he was selected to join the elite Navy Flight Demonstration Team, the Blue Angels, and flew the right wing pilot and number four slot. Following his time with the Blue Angels, Bob
continued his tours at sea, and in
1966, he was assigned to Fighter Squadron 111 aboard the USS ORISKANY, where he completed two combat tours in Vietnam.
Before returning to combat in Vietnam, Bob completed a tour in our Nations capital region.
After the end of the war, he served as Commanding Officer of Roosevelt Roads Naval Station in Puerto Rico before later returning to Washington to command the Aviation Officer Distribution Division of the Bureau of Naval Personnel. Throughout his various commands and decades of service, Bob received many awards, including three Legions of Merit, the Distinguished Flying Cross, and the Bronze Star and recorded 650 carrier traps, and logged more than 5,000 flight hours, before finding his way back to Pensacola where he completed his Naval service in 1983 as the Commanding Officer of the Naval Aviation Schools Command. Bobs love for aviation, however, remained, and his artistic prowess proved too strong, as he went on to serve as the Naval Aviation Museum Foundation Director of Development for four years before becoming Director of the National Naval Aviation Museum in 1987.
Congressman Miller with Captain and Mrs.
Bob and Phyllis Rasmussen.
Photo courtesy of Michael Duncan.
In the News
Ebola
Reports emerged last week of the first confirmed human Ebola case on U.S. soil when Liberian citizen, Thomas Eric Duncan, was diagnosed with the virus days after arriving in Dallas, Texas. Out of an abundance of caution, the Texas Department of State Health Services is casting a wide net to identify people who may have come into contact with the patient since contracting the virus.
Additionally, Ashoka Mukpo, an
NBC News
cameraman and American citizen, contracted the disease while working in West Africa and is being returned to the United States for treatment.
While the Ebola virus is deadly, according to the Centers for Disease Control (CDC) the virus can only be transmitted through bodily fluid, not through airborne contaminants. I will continue to the monitor the situation to ensure those agencies responsible for public health are adhering to proper standards to protect the American people.
News Radio 1620
On Friday, I had the opportunity to drop by the News Radio 1620 studio.
To listen to my interview with Andrew McKay on important timely issues including Ebola, ISIL, and White House Secret Service, click on the image below.
Click on the image above to listen to Congressman Miller's October 3 Interview with News Radio 1620's Andrew McKay.
Miller Media Clips
To read some recent press clips highlighting my work on behalf of Florida's First
Congressional District and our Nations veterans and servicemembers, click on the links below:
Full Impact of Wars on VA System Will Take 40 Years
VA secretary announces progress, promises more change
VA hospital lacks PJs, sheets and toothbrushes, yet spends millions on new furniture, TVs and solar
VA contracting official misused her position to help company, IG report finds
Lawmakers demand answers on Legionnaires' outbreak from new VA secretary
Jeff Miller Slams Obamacare's Taxpayer Funded Abortions
As always, I welcome your comments. To share your thoughts on legislation, votes or issues, please visit http://jeffmiller.house.gov/ to send an e-mail or call any of my offices.
Thanks,
Jeff
Click Here
to view this email in your browser
Click Here
to be removed from this list