
Can't see the pictures? Select "Always display images" or
view this message in your browser
Remembering Loma Prieta
October 17, 2014
Share This
Email On:
Twitter
Facebook
Remembering Loma Prieta
Twenty-five years ago today, our city swayed in the grip of the worst earthquake in generations. When the shaking stopped, we faced scenes of impossible destruction &ndash; the staggering aftermath of a quake that claimed 63 lives and upended thousands more. But even in the face of devastation from the hills to the highways, the determination and spirit of the people of San Francisco could not be extinguished.
As we mark the 25th anniversary of the Loma Prieta earthquake, we are once more called to remember. We remember the loved ones we lost, and the families who have been touched by the absence of the departed. We remember the first responders who rushed to the rescue, and the support that poured in from across the country. We remember the community that came together to repair and rebuild, and the city that decided to rise from the rubble stronger than ever. After the earthquake, I worked to ensure that San Franciscans received timely assistance, working with my congressional colleagues from California to secure a $3.45 billion earthquake relief package, raising the SBA loan cap, and restoring City Hall and the Geary Theater, home of the American Conservatory Theater.
Congresswoman Pelosi at Crissy Field in 1989, joining Mayor Art Agnos and President George Bush to survey the damage done by the Loma Prieta earthquake.
Today, let us mark this anniversary with a renewed commitment to our City's safety and to effective disaster preparedness and resilience nationwide. As our neighbors in Napa and Solano Country work to bounce back from their recent earthquake, let us stand in solidarity with their requests for the federal assistance that helped us find our feet so many years ago. President Obama&rsquo;s Disaster Declaration in the aftermath of the quake ensured that Public Assistance was readily made available, and I encourage the President to make a decision soon to grant Individual Assistance for Napa victims.
Let us continue to strengthen and improve our emergency response in San Francisco and across the country. After a natural disaster, it may be several days before vital services, like electricity and running water, are restored, and the importance of having an emergency plan in place for you and your loved ones. With the help of
SF72 , San Francisco&rsquo;s hub for emergency preparedness, you can
sign up
to receive updates and information should an emergency occur. You can also find out how to
prepare for an emergency
and
make an emergency plan . Feel free to take a look at the useful tips below on how to best protect yourself and your loved ones should an earthquake occur.
Earthquake Emergency Preparedness
Choose a safe place in every room &mdash; under a sturdy table or desk or against an inside wall where nothing can fall on you
Practice DROP, COVER, AND HOLD ON. Drop under a sturdy desk or table, hold on, and protect your eyes by pressing your face against your arm. If there's no table or desk nearby, sit on the floor against an interior wall away from windows, bookcases, or tall furniture that could fall on you.
Choose an out-of-town family contact.
Make sure you have a fire extinguisher in your home.
If you have children, inform babysitters and caregivers of your plan.
Be prepared to be without electricity, gas, water and telephones for up to three days. Have supplies on-hand including:
First aid kit and essential medications.
Canned food and can opener.
At least three gallons of water per person.
Battery-powered radio, flashlight, and extra batteries.
Special items for infant, elderly, or disabled family members.
October Together
To follow Congresswoman Nancy Pelosi on Twitter, please
click here .
Please feel free to
forward this information to your family and friends . To learn more about these efforts, to express your views, or to sign up for email updates,
please visit my website . I am also on
Twitter at http://twitter.com/NancyPelosi .
best regards,
This mailing was prepared, published and mailed at taxpayer expense
Unsubscribe
Washington, DC
235 Cannon HOB
Washington, D.C. 20515
Phone: (202) 225-4965
Map it!
District Office
90 7th Street, Suite 2-800
San Francisco, CA 94103
Phone: (415) 556-4862
Map it!
Click Here
to be removed from this list
