
October 23, 2014
Click here
if you have trouble viewing this email
ABOUT DENNIS
|
SERVING YOU
|
NEWSROOM
|
ISSUES &amp; LEGISLATION
|
15TH DISTRICT
|
CONTACT
15th District Update
Dear Neighbor,
I understand the serious concern my friends and constituents might have regarding the spread of the Ebola virus throughout our country. Yesterday, a doctor in New York tested positive for Ebola, despite showing zero signs of the disease once he returned to the United States from Guinea over a week ago. The effectiveness of health screenings at select airports is proving to fall short of the Center of Disease Control's expectations. It's time to take the next step, and implement a more serious measure to eradicate the spread of Ebola. As I have recently stated, the monitoring for Ebola at airports will not catch the disease if the person is not yet showing signs; which was exactly the case for the doctor returning to New York. In order to ensure my constituents are safe from any further spread of the disease, I have created legislation that would prohibit flights from entering the Untied States that have originated, or have had a layover, in a country affected by Ebola. My legislation would also prohibit the issuance of visas to aliens with prior travel in countries declared to be affected by the Ebola epidemic. This travel and visa ban would be lifted once the country experiencing an outbreak has been deemed stable. My good friend, Sen. Marco Rubio, followed my lead and created similar legislation in the Senate. Florida leadership understands the importance of keeping Americans safe and healthy.
Ross in the Headlines
Before I introduce my legislation,
I spoke to John Gibson on the National Radio Show on Fox News Talk Radio prefacing the need for leadership to step up and take action against Ebola.
It's truly an honor to represent farmers throughout Florida.
I was recently recognized with the Friend of Farm Bureau award for the 113th Congress and Morning AgClips highlighted this achievement .
Our state has a thriving agricultural sector , and the health of Floridas economy relies heavily on the farming and citrus industry.
After I proposed my legislation banning travel and the issuance of visas to those whose travel plans include transit through a country declared to be affected by the Ebola epidemic, Sen. Rubio called my office expressing interest in my legislation.
He then followed my lead in creating a ban in visa issuance to people from Ebola stricken countries.
Ross Around Town
WWII Honor Flight
"These men and women from the Greatest Generation fought to secure our nations freedom. I feel honored to shake the hand of each veteran and personally thank him or her for preserving the foundation of our free and independent nation laid by our forefathers."
Met with U.S. Secretary of Veteran Affairs at the Veteran Stakeholders Meeting in Tampa
" McDonald and I are in accordance with creating a VA that works and will provide veterans with the greatest quality of care. McDonald insisted that the ignominious culture previously demonstrated within the VA will diminish."
2014 Crop Estimate Luncheon
"The 2014 citrus crop estimate of 108 million boxes proves that our citrus industry is resilient and our growers remain optimistic."
Toured the Pepperidge Farm Facility
Met with Tampa Family Health Center Employees and Toured the Facility
Keynoted the Champions Cup Business of the Year Award Ceremony
"It is my prerogative to ensure small business owners have the chance to prosper and succeed."
Visited with Best Buy employees in Tampa
14TH Annual Florida Phosphate BBQ
"I've always said our farmers are the best environmentalists and conservationists. We don't need heavy handed government regulations for sustainable dependence. Our cattleman, phosphate folks, growers, and citrus industry maintain the lifeblood and vitality of Florida agriculture."
Helpful Resources
Veteran Career Training
If you are a veteran, I wanted to let you know that starting Monday, October 27th Polk State College's Advanced Technology Center is providing specialized work training for career seeking veterans, free of charge. Veterans
interested may call Polk States Career Services at 863-292-3687.
Medicare Open Enrollment
Medicare Open Enrollment is from now until December 7, 2014. For help and answers to frequently asked questions, please visit the Official U.S. Government Site for Medicare:
http://www.medicare.gov/ . Additionally, my office stands ready to assist constituents who have questions about the Medicare Open Enrollment period.
As
always , please continue to
write ,
call , and
email
your opinions to my office. I could not effectively represent you in Congress without the advice of my constituents. It is an honor and a privilege to serve you in Congress.
Your Congressman,
Dennis A. Ross
WASHINGTON, D.C. OFFICE
229 Cannon HOB
Washington, D.C. 20515
T(202) 225-1252
F(202) 226-0585
LAKELAND OFFICE
170 Fitzgerald Rd., Ste 1
Lakeland, FL 33813
T(863) 644-8215
T(813) 752-4790
F(863) 648-0749
UPDATE SUBSCRIPTION OPTIONS
|
PRIVACY POLICY
|
CONTACT US
Click Here Click Here