
Friday, October 3, 2014
WEBSITE
|
FORWARD TO A FRIEND
| SHARE ON:
Murphy's Message: Update on All Aboard Florida
Last Friday, I spoke directly with U.S. Department of Transportation Secretary Anthony Foxx following the recent release of the Federal Railroad Administration's (FRA) draft Environmental Impact Statement (EIS) for the All Aboard Florida (AAF) rail project to express our community's concerns with this draft EIS and the project overall.
On top of the risks to taxpayer dollars posed by All Aboard Florida, the draft EIS fails to adequately address a number of the issues I discussed with the Secretary in April, further validating our concerns here on the Treasure Coast and Palm Beaches.
While speaking with the Secretary, I also reiterated
my request for the FRA to extend the public comment period
for the EIS to 90 days.
This week, as a follow up to this conversation, I sent a letter to the Secretary to formally outline the unaddressed concerns with AAF and the EIS in addition to voicing my continued opposition to AAF and the project's receipt of a federal RRIF loan. ( Read the letter here ).
Further, upon learning that there is no third-party analysis of the facts in the EIS, I shared my serious concerns that the data and mitigation proposed is not thorough, requesting there be an analysis prepared by an independent body not funded or associated with AAF to provide our community with confidence in the process.
I will continue to work hard to make sure the residents of Florida's 18th District have their voices heard regarding the detrimental impact this project would have on the community.
Feel free to share this newsletter with others who may be interested in staying up to date on All Aboard Florida and other issues impacting our community. To receive future email updates like this one,
click here .
To stay up-to-date on my work representing the Treasure Coast and Palm Beaches, please follow me on the following social media channels:
Facebook ,
Twitter ,
Instagram ,
YouTube , and
Flickr .
Follow-up Survey on
All Aboard Florida's Environmental Impact Statement
Do you believe there should be an independent analysis of the impact All Aboard Florida will have on the Treasure Coast and Palm Beaches?
Click here to weigh in.
Upcoming Events
- Walk a Mile in Her Shoes
- Holy Faith Episcopal Church's 50th Anniversary
- St. Mark's Fall Kick-Off Celebration
- Speaking at the Port St. Lucie Economic Development Council Meeting
- The Jewish Community Relations Council's Forum on Global Anti-Semitism
- UPS ride-along
- Our Sister's Place, Inc.'s Shine the Light on Domestic Violence
NOTE: Please DO NOT respond to this email as this inbox is unattended. To contact my office please
click here
UPDATE SUBSCRIPTION OPTIONS
|
PRIVACY POLICY
|
CONTACT US
Click Here Click Here