
Bipartisan Teamwork for Pennsylvania's Courts
Last week, Cheryl Ann Krause was sworn in as a judge on the United States Court of Appeals for the Third Circuit, which includes Pennsylvania, New Jersey, Delaware, and the Virgin Islands.
President Obama nominated Ms. Krause to the Third Circuit Court of Appeals in February with the support of both me and Sen. Bob Casey. She was confirmed by the Senate with bipartisan support.
Supreme Court Justice Anthony Kennedy, Sen. Casey, and I attended the investiture at the United State District Court, Eastern District of Pennsylvania Courthouse.
I am delighted Cheryl Ann Krause is now on the bench.
She has a wealth of legal experience in public service and private practice and has worked as a prosecutor, serving as an Assistant U.S. Attorney, as well as a defense attorney in private practice.
And just this week, I attended the investiture of Gerald McHugh to be a district court judge in the Eastern District of Pennsylvania.
The successful confirmation of Judge McHugh demonstrates the strength and effectiveness of Sen. Casey's and my system for selecting judges.
In the last three and a half years, Sen. Casey and I have worked together, in a bipartisan fashion, to recommend to the President accomplished jurists of high ability and integrity to preside in the federal courts of Pennsylvania. In that time, the Senate has confirmed 10 Pennsylvania district court judges and one circuit court judge.
Judge Krause takes her seat on the Third Circuit bench. I was glad to meet her family before her swearing in. (Photo credit: Judge Krause)
Supporting Law Enforcement
This past Monday, Goddard College in Vermont announced that one of its commencement addresses would be delivered by Mumia Abu-Jamal, an unrepentant cop killer serving a life sentence for murdering Philadelphia police officer Danny Faulkner in 1981.
I cannot fathom how anyone could think it appropriate to honor a cold-blooded murderer who ambushed a police officer. This is not a question of free speech. It is a question of judgment and a basic sense of right and wrong.
I am deeply troubled by Goddard College's decision to invite Mumia Abu-Jamal to speak at the commencement this weekend. It is a slap in the face to Danny Faulkner's family, and to all of the law enforcement officers who risk their lives for us every day.
You can read my entire letter to Goddard College President Robert Kenny
here . (Photo credit: Associated Press)
Montgomery County Township Officials Association
Last Friday, I had the opportunity to speak at the Montgomery County Township Officials Association's Fall Convention. Much of what I do in Washington revolves around protecting local governments from more regulations and red tape issued by federal bureaucracies.
Having the opportunity to interact directly with local elected officials provides me with useful insight on which federal regulations are working and which are not. Read more about my visit with the Montgomery County Township Officials Association in
The Times Herald . (Photo credit: Gene Walsh, Times Herald)
Angels in Adoption
My wife Kris and I have been blessed with three wonderful, healthy children. We cherish them and place our obligations to them above all other responsibilities. But there are hundreds of thousands of children missing the love and support of a family.
Fortunately, there are "angels" - people who selflessly choose to open their hearts and their homes to children in need. One such "angel" is Kathy Boyd from West Chester. Kathy has devoted her life to supporting and advocating for foster and adopted children, has served as a social worker in Chester County for more than 20 years, and has opened her own home as an adoptive mother.
This year, I nominated Kathy as Pennsylvania's " Angel in Adoption ." Thank you, Kathy for your commitment to children.
ALLENTOWN, PA
PH: (610) 434-1444
ERIE, PA
PH: (814) 453-3010
HARRISBURG, PA
PH: (717) 782-3951
JOHNSTOWN, PA
PH: (814) 266-5970
PHILADELPHIA, PA
PH: (215) 241-1090
PITTSBURGH, PA
PH: (412) 803-3501
SCRANTON, PA
PH: (570) 941-3540
WASHINGTON, D.C.
PH: (202) 224-4254
UNSUBSCRIBE
