
If you
are having trouble viewing this message or would like to share it on a
social network, you can
view the message online .
HOME
ABOUT
CONTACT ME
SERVING YOU
MEDIA CENTER
ISSUES &amp;
LEGISLATION
OUR DISTRICT
October 10, 2014
Dear Friend,
As
you may know, October is Breast Cancer Awareness Month. Breast cancer
continues to impact families all across the country, and today almost
three million American women have been diagnosed with breast cancer, are
undergoing treatment or are in remission. Like you, I believe it is
crucial that we continue to fight breast cancer through increased
funding, dedication to groundbreaking research and efforts to raise
awareness among our communities and families.
In Congress, I am
a co-sponsor of the Breast Cancer Awareness Commemorative Coin Act,
H.R. 3680, which would direct the Secretary of the Treasury to mint up
to 500,000 $1 silver coins to raise funds for breast cancer research.
This bill is one way we can help stop the devastating effects of this
disease for American women.
Women between the ages of 20
and 40 should get clinical breast exams every three years and every
year after the age of 40.
Click here to find a clinic
near you
for free clinical breast exams, mammograms, pelvis exams
and Pap tests.
Many of us have friends and family who have
been impacted by this disease. Some of us may have been personally
affected. As a husband and father of a teenaged daughter, I believe we
must continue to work together to raise awareness and let the women in
our lives know they can turn to us for support.
Like you,
I am closely monitoring the news of the Ebola virus in the United
States. I remain committed to working in partnership with our local
healthcare officials to ensure the Central Valley is prepared should any
viral disease spread to the area. The State Department has warned U.S.
citizens against non-essential travel to Liberia and Sierra Leone and
begun screening processes for passengers traveling to several major U.S.
airports from countries impacted by the disease.
I am
confident in the public health infrastructure of our country and its
ability to contain an outbreak. It is also worth noting that according to
the Centers for Disease Control, Ebola can only be contracted through
direct contact with the bodily fluids of a person with the disease.
To avoid contraction, practice careful hygiene, do not handle items
that may have come in contact with an infected persons bodily fluids,
and avoid contact with nonhuman primates. Please contact a licensed
medical professional to learn more about how to avoid
contact.
Congratulations are in order for Malala Yousafzai and Kailash
Satyarthi, whose efforts to fight for children's rights will have a lasting
impact on children across the globe for years to come. Their Nobel
Peace Prizes are well-deserved.
These eighth graders from Turlock Christian School had
lots of great
questions!
This week I made a brief stop in D.C. to meet with a group of eighth
graders from Turlock Christian School. I had a great time leading the
students on a tour of the Capitol building and taking them down to the
House floor to explain some of the procedures. We stopped to pray in
the Members Prayer Room and I quizzed the kids on current events
with challenge coin prizes for the winners.
I had fun sharing facts about the Capitol
building with the
students.
Have you been following the competition at the Stanislaus
Innovation Challenge? Joel Gutierrez Campos mobile app for real estate deals
won the latest regional competition in Oakdale, sending him to the
December 10 finals, which will take place in Modesto. Two more regional
competitions, one in Patterson and one in Turlock, are coming up
to
enter or find more information, visit
www.alliancesbdc.com .
Im looking forward to being home full time
and meeting with many of you. If you havent had a chance to stop by my
Mobile District Office Hours,
please check out our
schedule here .
I post information, updates and photos
all week long on my social media channels
follow along and share your
feedback with me on
YouTube ,
Facebook ,
Twitter , or
Instagram .
Happy Columbus Day!
JEFF
DENHAM
Do you support travel restrictions to and from the
United States to prevent the spread of the Ebola virus in our country?
Yes, we should
impose strict travel restrictions to and from countries impacted by
Ebola Yes, we should
allow travel but add screening at additional airports Yes, we should impose a waiting
period for individuals coming from regions known to be impacted by
Ebola No, we should not
impose restrictions on travel Other If you answered "Other" to the question above, please
provide your answer here. *By
answering this survey, you are subscribing to my newsletter. If you are having trouble, click here.
E-mail Updates
Yes,
please periodically send me e-mail updates.*
*By subscribing to my
e-mail updates, you are
authorizing me to send regular e-mail updates from my office to your
e-mail account.
DC office:
1730 Longworth
HOB
Washington, DC
20515
P: 202-225-4540
F:
202-225-3402
Modesto Office:
4701
Sisk Road, Suite 202
Modesto, CA 95356
P:
209-579-5458
F: 209-579-5028
Unsubscribe
|
Update My
Profile
|
Privacy Policy
gateway mail
end 