
If you are having trouble viewing this message or would like to share
it on a social network, you can
view the message online .
Website
About David
Contact
Serving
You
Media
Center
Legislative Work
District
October 10, 2014
Meeting with Business Leaders
in the Northern Panhandle
In Weirton this
week, I joined with local business leaders to discuss the future of
manufacturing in the Ohio River Valley. Driving up and down the Ohio River
you
see just how hard our area has been hit by the
decline of steel and manufacturing . We have a responsibility to
protect the jobs we already have and find areas where manufacturers can
grow and create jobs.
The roundtable
meeting included representatives from local businesses
including Coil
Slitting International, Ergon, ArcelorMittal, and Wheeling Nisshin, as
well as leaders from the Weirton Area Chamber of Commerce and the
Brooke-Hancock Business Development Corporation.
The discussion covered a wide range of topics including workforce
development, infrastructure, burdensome regulations, health care, and
taxes.
Its important to listen to the challenges
these businesses are facing and find ways to help them. We dont have
all the answers in Washington. We are able to take ideas from
meetings like this one and take
action.
Training West Virginia's
Workforce
Thursday, I had the opportunity
to visit active training
sites for manufacturers in West Virginia . We toured the West Virginia
Laborers Training Facility in Mineral Wells, Sheet Metal Workers
training facility, and the Carpenters Training Facility, both in
Parkersburg.
Apprentices in the
WV
Laborer Training Facility
undergo 408 hours of classroom and
hands-on training in construction skills, safety training, environmental
remediation, and more. Prior to setting foot on a job site they must
receive 160 hours of classroom and hands-on training.
The WV Carpenter Apprenticeship program is a four year
program that teaches the apprentices a dirt to doorknobs approach to
their trade. They train in everything from site layout, concrete
forms, framing, scaffolding, blueprints, welding, interior systems, finish
work, and much more. While the Sheetmetal apprenticeships include 160
hours of classroom time and 600 hours of on the job training over 5
years.
All these programs present incredible facilities
and carefully train apprentices so they can ensure they have the
skills needed for the future of our
economy.
West Virginia Receives Grant to Fight Drug
Abuse
West Virginia received
$1 million
grant for the COPS Anti-Methamphetamine Program
(CAMP), the largest
award given this year. The Community Oriented Policing Services (COPS)
CAMP grant is a competitive grant program designed to directly fund
state law enforcement agencies to investigate criminal activities related
to the manufacture and distribution of
methamphetamine
Communities across West Virginia are feeling the impacts of
methamphetamine abuse and the criminals who make and sell the drug.
Methamphetamine abuse is destroying lives and tearing families
apart . This funding will provide law enforcement with much needed
resources to counteract this blight on our communities. We need to use all
the resources at our disposal to take criminals off our streets and
disrupt the flow of drugs.
CAMP funding
grants last two years , and can be used for activities such as
locating methamphetamine laboratories and investigating
traffickers.
National Breast Cancer Awareness
Month
October is
National Breast
Cancer Awareness Month
(NBCAM), which is an annual campaign to
increase awareness of the disease. NBCAM is a collaboration of national
public service organizations, professional medical associations, and
government agencies that work together to promote breast cancer
awareness, share information on the disease, and prove greater access to
services.
As the second leading cause of death among women,
breast cancer has affected so many of our moms, wives, sisters, and
daughters. The disease hits close to home
one in eight women will be
diagnosed with breast cancer in their lifetime.
In Congress,
House Republicans will be thinking pink and encouraging the women in
our communities to get the proper exams to protect themselves and their
health.
National Breast Cancer Awareness Month is a
chance to raise awareness about the importance of early detection of
breast cancer.
This October, we remember those who have
lost their lives to this terrible, tragic disease and cherish the
survivors. It is in their honor that we will continue to fight to bring
an end to breast cancer once and for all. We must remember to keep
looking for a cure.
Wheeling
Teacher Named WV Teacher of the Year
Wheeling Park
High School English teacher, Gail Adams, was named
2015 West Virginia Teacher of the Year . West Virginias Teacher of
the Year is the states top honor for teachers. Winners are selected
for their exceptional dedication, knowledge, and skill as a
teacher.
They inspire students of all backgrounds and abilities to learn,
have the respect and admiration of students, parents, and colleagues,
play an active and useful role in the community as well as in the
school, be posed, articulate, and possess the energy to withstand a taxing
schedule.
Gail Adams
has been a teacher with Ohio County School for 10 years , and has
shown dedication to her students during that time. The state Teacher
of the Year receives a $15,000 educational technology package, cash
awards from Highmark Blue Cross/Blue Shield and Horace Mann Insurance and
the use of a Toyota car for a year. Congratulations to Gail and to
Ohio County Schools, you deserve
it.
Constituent Meetings
Throughout October I
am traveling around the First District meeting with constituents and
visiting local businesses. Next week I will be meeting in Moundsville,
Morgantown, Fairmont, and Clarksburg to name a few. Keep an eye out,
I may be visiting your town.
If you are ever in the Washington D.C. office please drop in and say
hello. If you want an appointment just give my office a call at
202-225-4172, or submit a request on my website at
www.mckinley.house.gov .
What do you
think? Do you agree with the
State of West Virginia's decision to allow for drilling under the Ohio
River? Yes No Other/Don't Know *By answering this survey,
you are subscribing to my newsletter. If you are having
trouble, click here. Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on
LinkedIn Survey Results What do you think the
U.S. response should be to the ebola epidemic? Answer Total Ban travel from countries with
significant outbreaks 68.99% Provide
more assistance to stricken countries 15.40% Increase ebola screenings 11.09% Other
4.52%
Washington, DC
412 Cannon HOB |
Washington, DC 20515
Phone:
(202) 225-4172 |
Fax: (202)
225-7564
Morgantown
709 Beechurst
Ave.
Suite 14B
Morgantown, WV 26505
Phone:
304.284.8506
Wheeling
Horne Building
1100 Main Street, Suite
101
Wheeling, WV 26003
Phone: (304) 232-3801
Fax:
304-232-3813
Parkersburg
Federal Building
425 Juliana Street
Suite 1004
Parkersburg, WV 26101
Phone: (304) 422-5972
Unsubscribe
|
Update My
Profile
|
Privacy Policy
