
If
you are having trouble viewing this message or would like to share it
on a social network, you can
view the message online .
HOME
BIOGRAPHY
SERVICES
ISSUES
NEWSROOM
DISTRICT
CONTACT
October 24, 2014
Dear David,
The
last few weeks have been eventful to say the least.
Social
Security recently announced a cost-of-living increase for nearly 64 million
Americans in 2015. A divided U.S. Supreme Court reduced and delayed
early voting in Ohio at the end of September, the day before it was
scheduled to begin. On October 10th, a nurse who cared for an Ebola
patient in Texas flew on a commercial airline to Cleveland, Ohio,
heightening local concerns and leading to the quarantine or voluntary monitoring
of many people in Northeast Ohio. And reports released earlier
this week by the U.S. Department of Education cite a 50 percent
increase in federal investigations into the handling of sexual assault
on college campuses.
In the newsletter below you will
find a more detailed recap of these current events. I believe the
times indicate the need for each of us to remain educated, engaged and
empowered.
Social Security Benefits to
Increase
About one in five Americans
receives Social Security Income each month.
These earned benefits help
keep many recipients from living in poverty thanks in part to the
annual cost-of-living adjustment (COLA), which protects against
inflation. Congress made COLA automatic and permanent in 1975 when inflation
was high to allow seniors to maintain their standard of living. Next
year, COLA calls for a 1.7 percent increase in benefits or an average of
about $20 more a month.
Additionally, the Social Security
Administration reinstated mailing statements to people who do not
already receive benefits or have an online account. The document will be in
the mail about three months before the addressee turns 25, 30, 35,
40, 45, 50 and 55, and then mailed annually starting at age 60. The
statement includes a persons entire work history and expected benefits in
case of retirement, disability and death.
It is important to
verify that the amount the statement claims you and your employer
contributed to date is correct. You can visit
socialsecurity.gov/myaccount
to create an account and to
learn more.
Cost Savings and Longer Solvency under
Medicare
For the second year in a row, there will
be no increase in the Medicare Part B premium in 2015
with the
premium remaining at $104.90 for 2013, 2014, and 2015. In addition, Health
and Human Services announced there will be no increase in the
Medicare Part B deductible in 2015
with the deductible remaining at $147,
the same as in 2013.
Instead of seniors seeing their
Medicare Part B premiums skyrocket year after year, we have seen a
significant savings since the Affordable Care Act was enacted, including almost
no growth in the Part B premium. This means savings for Americas
seniors, leaving more money in their pockets for other
necessities.
Dealing
with Ebola in the U.S. and OH-11
Preventing the
spread of the Ebola virus and minimizing the risk to people in the 11th
Congressional District of Ohio or the traveling public are issues of
great concern to me. On October 20 th , I joined with the
entire Ohio delegation in the U.S. House in a letter addressed to Centers
for Disease Control (CDC) Director Dr. Thomas Frieden. We asked him to
explain the policies in place that allowed a nurse who had cared for
an Ebola patient in Texas to fly to Cleveland. It was later revealed
that the health care worker had a low-grade fever while in Ohio, and,
after returning to Texas, she was diagnosed with Ebola. This must not
happen again.
Ebola is a contagious and deadly virus
that must be contained in West Africa. In the meantime, we must also
take steps to prevent additional infections in the U.S. The CDC
continues to revise and update its guidelines to protect our health care
workers and the public.
Click to
Enlarge
Click to Enlarge
Effective
October 27 th , a new
screening and
monitoring program
requires anyone who travels to the U.S. from Sierra
Leone, Liberia or Guinea to report his/her temperature and symptoms to
local and state public health officials for 21 days. This program is
in effect in New York, Pennsylvania, Maryland, Virginia, New Jersey and
Georgia.
In addition, the CDC has tightened its
guidance for U.S. health care workers
on the use of personal
protective equipment while treating patients who might have Ebola to
reflect best practices.
Local, state and federal
health agencies have been working closely in Ohio to provide the most
up-to-date information to the public and ensure our health care systems are
prepared to deal with Ebola.
As a precaution, three Ohioans who
had direct contact with the nurse who contracted the virus were
placed in quarantine.
Public health authorities have identified more
than 160 individuals who may be at risk and directed them to engage in
active- or self- monitoring
based on their
level of exposure.
It is important to note there has not been a
single new case of Ebola in Ohio.
I urge constituents with concerns
about Ebola to contact the CDC or your local public health agency for
updated
information.
Click to
Enlarge
Election Day's Less Than Two Weeks
Away
A government of the people should include the voice of every
eligible voter. Unfortunately, voters access to the polls have been
limited this election.
Evening hours were eliminated
and only one weekend opportunity to vote was provided for the primary
election this May. Then Golden Week, a time when Ohioans could both
register and vote for this Midterm Election, was cancelled. Later, a
federal judge ruled that cuts to early voting was unconstitutional and
violated the 14 th
Amendment rights of Ohio voters-- and
another federal judge restored all 35 early voting days in Ohio.
Nevertheless, an emergency appeal request was submitted to the U.S. Supreme
Court (SCOTUS) and early voting was once again blocked in
Ohio.
Protecting every eligible voter's
access to the polls has been and will remain one of my priorities. It
is vital that elected officials encourage full participation in our
democracy to ensure that our government is responsive to all Americans.
Visit the
Cuyahoga County Board of Election
or the
Summit County Board of
Election
websites for information about
when and where to vote this election.
Marcia L.
Fudge
Member of
Congress
November is National Family
Caregivers Month
The countless hours caregivers dedicate to
their loved ones without fanfare is commendable. They have my full
recognition and support for selflessly assisting the elderly or disabled.
Remind caregivers that it is important to take care of themselves
first and that there are
resources
available
to help in times of
need.
November is National Alzheimers Disease Awareness
Month
In 1983, President Ronald Reagan, who was later diagnosed with
Alzheimers disease, designated November as National Alzheimers
Disease Awareness Month. The Alzheimers Association and I encourage anyone
with questions about the state of an aging family member or friend to
call the toll-free 24/7 Helpline at (800) 272-3900. You can also
visit the
Cleveland Area Chapters
website
for a comprehensive list of free
services.
Click to read
a
Plain Dealer article about a letter I sent to every Ohio higher
institution president addressing sexual assault on college
campuses.
I want to extend our hearty appreciation for your very
timely professional assistance to acquire a passport for our employee.
I was extremely impressed with the courtesy every person that
answered the phone at your office gave I/we were extremely pleased and
satisfied with the successful result.
Our employee received his
passport as expected, travelled to Canada for his introductory training
on our new equipment and returned without incident.
- Mr.
N
Cleveland
Click to read
the Plain Dealer
article on my vote not to arm Syrain
Rebels.
Students from
the Greenview Upper Elementary School (in OH-11) were chosen to attend
First Lady Michelle Obama's harvest of the White House Kitchen Garden
on the South Lawn. The South Euclid-Lyndhurst School District was the
first in Cuyahoga County to implement a Farm to School initiative,
which incorporates fresh, local food into school meals. It is such a
privilege to see a school garden that I advocate for r eceive
recognition
by the First
Lady.
Washington,
D.C.
2344 Rayburn House Office
Building
Washington, D.C.
20515
Phone: (202) 225-7032
Fax: (202) 225-1339
District Office - Cuyahoga County
4834 Richmond Road, Suite 150
Warrensville Heights, OH 44128
Phone: (216) 522-4900
Fax: (216) 522-4908
District Office -
Summit County
1225
Lawton Street
Akron, OH 44320
Phone: (330) 835-4758
Fax: (330) 835-4863
Unsubscribe
|
Update My
Profile
|
Privacy Policy
gateway mail end
