
If you are having trouble viewing this message or would like to share
it on a social network, you can
view the message online .
HOME
ABOUT
CONTACT
ME
SERVING YOU
MEDIA CENTER
ISSUES &amp;
LEGISLATION
OUR DISTRICT
October 03, 2014
Dear
Friend,
After pushing my bill to extend crucial benefit programs to our
veterans through the House and Senate, I was happy to see it signed into
law by President Obama at the end of last week. Introducing this kind
of legislation to bring lasting results for veterans is one of the
greatest honors I have as your representative, and I look forward to
supporting more bills that can become law to help ensure we provide for
those who courageously served our nation. As a veteran myself, I know
what a difference some of these programs, healthcare options and
benefits can make for those who served and their families.
You can read more about the new law here .
On Wednesday
I signed on to a letter to Secretary Kerry
expressing my concern over Irans refusal to comply with nuclear inspectors
from the International Atomic Energy Agency.
It's past time for
Iran to comply with IAEA inspectors, since Tehran should have nothing
to hide.
Preventing the growth of a nuclear Iran is of the
utmost importance to our safety and the safety of nations across the
globe.
Two weeks ago I visited the Del Puerto Child
Development Center in Patterson to meet the kids in the center. We had a great
time reading and I was honored to receive a book of thank you cards
from the students this week.
Loved the thank you cards from the
kids at the Del Puerto
CDC!
As Im sure you saw in the news this week,
Secret
Service Director Julia Pierson resigned
after testifying
before Congress about recent lapses in security at the White House,
including an incident with an intruder gaining access to the East Room and
one that allowed a convicted criminal to ride in an elevator with the
President during a visit to Atlanta. The revelations were disturbing
and I hope that the next head of the Secret Service can ensure that
these kinds of problems never occur again. Protecting the President and
his family are crucial roles for our government and must be done
properly.
Wednesday marked the one year anniversary of the
rollout of Healthcare.gov. Recent estimates show that the website itself
has cost taxpayers over $2 billion in the last year. In that same
timeframe,
the Affordable Care Act has led to cancelled plans for
more than 700,000 Californians, rising premiums and decreased options for
care. In the Central Valley, we struggle with a lack of access to
doctors and hospitals, and the ACA has exacerbated our shortage. While I
support provisions of the law, such as allowing kids to stay on their
parents insurance and ensuring that individuals with pre-existing
conditions cannot be denied coverage, this unworkable law should be
repealed and replaced fully with job-protecting solutions so that our small
businesses can thrive and continue to create jobs.
Ive
written before about the devastating economic impacts the
Environmental Protection Agencys (EPA) proposed Waters of the United States
rule will have on the Valley and now the U.S. Small Business
Administration (SBA) is raising significant issues that EPAs proposed rule is in
violation of laws aimed at protecting small businesses.
In
comments submitted to EPA, the SBA argues that the EPA should withdraw the
rule as small businesses were not consulted over its provisions and
the direct impacts the rule would have on small businesses throughout
the country. Even though many environmental groups support the rule,
its clear the Administrations own agency tasked with supporting and
promoting small businesses proves the rule will devastate job growth. You
can read the letter from SBA to the EPA here:
http://1.usa.gov/YU23sy .
The
American
Veterans Disabled for Life Memorial
will open this weekend in
Washington to honor our veterans wounded for life in the line of duty. If
youd planning a visit to D.C. in the coming months, please consider
stopping by to pay tribute.
I post information, updates
and photos all week long on my social media channels
follow along and
share your feedback with me on
Facebook ,
Twitter ,
Instagram
or
YouTube .
JEFF
DENHAM
Do you believe Iran has been up front about the
research and development of its nuclear program?
Yes No Would you support additional economic sanctions on Iran if
they refuse to comply with inspectors?
Yes No *By answering this survey, you are subscribing to my
newsletter. If you are having trouble, click here.
E-mail Updates
Yes, please periodically send me e-mail
updates.*
*By subscribing to my
e-mail
updates, you are authorizing me to send regular e-mail updates from my
office to your e-mail account.
DC
office:
1730 Longworth HOB
Washington, DC
20515
P:
202-225-4540
F: 202-225-3402
Modesto
Office:
4701 Sisk Road, Suite 202
Modesto, CA 95356
P:
209-579-5458
F: 209-579-5028
Unsubscribe
|
Update My Profile
|
Privacy Policy
gateway mail end 