
TEN days. Democrats have ten days to rally the troops, to get out the vote, and to keep the Senate blue
Friend -- TEN days.
Democrats have ten days to rally the troops, to get out the vote, and to keep the Senate blue by defeating Mitch McConnell and the GOP.
Michelle Obama recognizes the significance of this election -- what it could mean for the next two years and for our country&rsquo;s future.
Have you seen the amazing video she made for Democratic supporters like you? Take a look and
sign her pledge to Keep the Senate Blue:
Michelle said, &ldquo;The stakes in this election couldn&rsquo;t be higher. I need you to step up.&rdquo;
What does it mean to step up?
Sign Michelle&rsquo;s pledge.
Vote.
This goes without saying!
Educate others.
Tell your friends, family, and neighbors why they need to vote Democrat.
Pitch in to help Democrats win.
We need your help to fund the turnout effort that will get us to victory.
&ldquo;These races are going to be unbelievably tight,&rdquo;
Michelle told you,
&ldquo;So you can&rsquo;t leave anything up to chance.&rdquo;
Will you sign Michelle&rsquo;s pledge to Keep the Senate Blue?
Thank you,
Democratic Victory
Every dollar you give today will go to protect our Democratic Senate majority.
Thank you for your continued support.
Democratic Senatorial Campaign Committee
P.O. Box 96047
Washington, DC 20090
Paid for by the Democratic Senatorial Campaign Committee, dscc.org,
and not authorized by any candidate or candidate&#39;s committee.
The DSCC is the only organization solely dedicated to supporting Democrats in the U.S. Senate. This message was sent to dj724530@gmail.com because you are a part of the DSCC&rsquo;s grassroots network. Please add us to your address book or approved senders list to sure you keep receiving DSCC updates.
We greatly appreciate your continued support and participation &ndash; it&rsquo;s absolutely critical if we&rsquo;re going to stop a Republican Senate takeover. If you&rsquo;d like to stop receiving all emails from the DSCC, please
unsubscribe . But if you&#39;d like to make a contribution to support us, please
click here .
Contributions or gifts to the DSCC are not tax deductible.
