
October 19, 2014
WEBSITE
|
FORWARD TO A FRIEND
| SHARE ON:
Kline's Corner: "Severe Sticker Shock"
In This Week's Kline's Corner
Another Enrollment Period, More Costs
Oversight on the Ebola Epidemic
Reminder: Mobile Office Coming to Jordan, Elko New Market
New ObamaCare Enrollment Period Ushers in Increased Costs
Dear Friends,
As the fall weather continues to serve as a reminder of the preparations underway for the upcoming holidays, many Minnesotans are also preparing for a different, daunting date: the upcoming MNsure enrollment period, which begins Nov. 15. According to the
Pioneer Press , When MNsures open enrollment period begins, most shoppers on the state-run health insurance exchange will find higher premiums than they saw last year. One insurance company reports some clients are going to experience some pretty severe sticker shock. Thats going to be very common this year.
Since the troubled roll-out of the Presidents health care law, I continue to hear from my constituents that they are facing increased costs or losing health coverage all together. I encourage you or your friends and family to share with me your experiences with MNsure during the new enrollment period. You can do so by visiting my
website .
Conducting Oversight on the Ebola Epidemic
Nearly 9,000 people have been afflicted with Ebola since the outbreak began, and more than 4,000 have died as a result. My prayers go out to the health care professionals who have contracted Ebola here at home and those impacted by the virus around the globe. In an effort to address this crisis, the House of Representatives has been conducting hearings to assess the federal governments response. As these oversight efforts progress, I will continue to monitor the situation and any relevant legislation that comes before the House.
REMINDER: Mobile Office Coming to Jordan, Elko New Market
I want to remind constituents that my mobile office will be in Jordan and Elko New Market next week. If you live in the area I encourage you to take advantage of the services available to you on Tuesday, Oct. 21. My mobile office will be at the Jordan Library (275 Creek Lane S.) from 10:30-11:30 a.m., and the Elko New Market Library (110 J. Roberts Way) from 2-3 p.m. Staff will be available to answer questions and help you with the processing of your passport, claiming your veterans benefits, or with any other problems youre experiencing with the federal government without having to visit my office in Burnsville.
Have a great week!
John Kline
Member of Congress
KLINE IN THE NEWS
Minnesota's congressional delegation seeks answers in Marine's death
Minnesotas 10 members of Congress on Tuesday collectively asked for a meeting with Veterans Affairs Secretary Robert McDonald to talk about recent reports of falsified records at the Minneapolis Veterans Medical Center...
Minnesotas congressional delegation, which spans the political spectrum, seldom speaks with one voice but came together to request the meeting with Secretary McDonald once the Inspector Generals office releases its findings. Democratic Sens. Al Franken and Amy Klobuchar were joined by Democratic Reps. Tim Walz, Betty McCollum, Keith Ellison, Collin Peterson and Rick Nolan, along with Republican Reps.
John Kline , Erik Paulsen and Michele Bachmann.
Read more.
UPDATE SUBSCRIPTION OPTIONS
|
PRIVACY POLICY
|
CONTACT US
Click Here Click Here