
If you are having trouble viewing this message or would like to share
it on a social network, you can
view the message online .
Home
|
About
|
How Can I Help?
|
Media
|
Issues
|
The 6th District
Reforming Congress
Dear
Friends:
From the
day I was elected to Congress, in 2009, I have fought to change the
culture of Washington, D.C.
Clearly, reforms are needed.
While there are many possible options, I believe the top three are a
Balanced Budget Amendment, mandatory term limits, and subjecting Members of
Congress to the same rules that it imposes upon the American
people.
A
Balanced Budget:
In 2010, I founded the Balanced Budget
Amendment Caucus in the U.S. House of Representatives.
A balanced
budget amendment would strip away from Congress the power to
continually spend money we simply do not have.
It would also stop our
crushing debt from rising, further threatening the prospects of future
generations.
Colorado, along with 48 other states, has a balanced
budget requirement in its constitution.
This forces legislators
to come together, in a bipartisan way, to decide what their spending
priorities are within the resources
available.
Term Limits:
In 2011, I introduced House Joint Resolution 93, a proposed
Constitutional Amendment to limit members of Congress to no more than 12 years in
the Senate (two terms) and 12 years in the House of Representatives
(six terms).
I believe that mandatory term limits will make
Senators and Representatives more responsive to the American people.
Knowing they will soon be ordinary citizens again, Members of Congress
may be more thoughtful before they pass a law under which they, too,
will have to live.
Colorado implemented term limits for all
elected state and local officials over twenty years ago.
Same Rules:
When I served as an officer in the U.S. Marine Corps, I never
ordered my subordinates to do anything that I was not willing to do
myself.
I have found this a valuable rule to follow in life.
Consequently, after Obamacare passed, I decided, despite a waiver that
excused Members of Congress from Obamacare, to purchase health care
through an exchange just like everyone else.
Accordingly, I
dropped out of the Federal health insurance plan and purchased an individual
plan, without a taxpayer subsidy, through Colorados exchange.
My co-pay tripled and my deductible skyrocketed, but I believe no one
in public office should live under a different set of rules than the
American people.
I am also convinced that if every member of
Congress adopted the same philosophy, Obamacare would not be in place in
its current form.
Reforming government, at any level, is never easy and
changing the way Congress works is a tough fight.
But with 21 years of
military service, Ive been trained not to give up or give in.
I've put forward other proposals, from eliminating Congressional
pensions to stopping automatic pay increases.
I will continue to work
on pushing them forward as
well.
Sincerely,
Mike Coffman
U.S.
Representative
If you would like to sign up to receive regular email updates from
Mike, please visit
this
link
$ 17,882,021,432,745
Share on Facebook
Share on
Twitter
Share on LinkedIn
COMMUNITY
EVENT
COMOM Dental Clinic
October 4,
2014
Prairie View High School
12909 East
120 th
Avenue
Henderson, CO
80640
Volunteer dentists, dental hygienists and assistants, lab technicians,
and other healthcare professionals donate time from their practices to
provide
free
preventive and restorative dental
services to over 1,500 children, adults and seniors from low-income
families. These volunteers also offer educational information to
patients on how to maintain good oral health in their daily
lives.
Rep. Coffman calls on VA to take
swift action against Susan Taylor
By Jason
Miller
Federal News Radio
Published September 30,
2014
Rep.
Mike
Coffman
(R-Colo.), the chairman of the Veterans Affairs
subcommittee on Oversight and Investigations, is pressing VA Secretary Bob
McDonald to live up to his word and deal with wrongdoers
swiftly.
More specifically, Coffman
wants to know what steps McDonald will take to address the allegations
of procurement fraud, whistleblower retaliation, conflict of interest
and lying to investigators the agency's inspector general highlighted
in its recent report about Susan Taylor, the deputy chief procurement
officer at the Veterans Health Administration and her dealings with
FedBid, a reverse auction vendor.
"Based on investigations by this subcommittee and the VA
OIG, it is apparent that Ms. Taylor is the personification of the
morally bankrupt and ethically impaired culture that exists within the
department," Coffman wrote in a letter to McDonald on Monday. "You have
made numerous statements that wrongdoers within the VA would be held
appropriately accountable. This would seem a fitting case to make good on
those statements. Astonishingly, the Department of Justice has
declined to prosecute Ms. Taylor on at least one of the violations of
federal law she was found to have engaged in by the OIG. Despite this
unbelievable decision, I urge you to take swift action to hold Ms. Taylor
accountable and to protect VA from the duplicitous behavior of its
contractors."
He said the
evidence reported by the IG should warrant Taylor's
firing.
Coffman asked McDonald to
answer a series of questions by Oct.
17.
What administrative actions have been
take, or will be taken, against Ms. Taylor for these pervasive
violations?
The OIG Report substantiates that FedBid was actively conspiring to
defame an honorable public servant in an attempt to protect a friendly,
corrupt bureaucrat and continue pushing a system of contracts that
undercut fair competition. When coupling that with FedBid's engagement in
inherently governmental functions, I call up VA to examine whether
FedBid remains a "responsible
contractor."
Not only is Coffman asking McDonald to
live up to his words, but also take advantage of the new law that gives
the VA secretary more authority to deal with senior executives who
have acted improperly.
Congress passed and President Barack Obama signed into law on Aug. 7
the Veterans' Access to Care through Choice, Accountability, and
Transparency Act of 2014.
"If you engage in an unethical practice, if you cover up a serious
problem, you should be fired. Period," Obama said during the signing of
the Veterans' Access to Care through Choice, Accountability, and
Transparency Act of 2014. "It shouldn't be that difficult. And if you blow
the whistle on an unethical practice, or bring a problem to the
attention of higher-ups, you should be thanked. You should be protected for
doing the right thing. You shouldn't be ignored, and you certainly
shouldn't be punished."
McDonald said during a press conference in September that there are
more than 30 personnel actions already in the pipeline as part of the
ongoing fallout of the veterans health scandal. But he's not focused
just on firing people, but creating sustainable
accountability.
A VA spokeswoman said as of
Sept. 29 Taylor still was employed at the
department.
Congressman
demands action on VA-FedBid scandal
By Dan Verton
FedScoop.com
Published October 1, 2014
A prominent Republican representative on the
House Committee on Veterans Affairs has called on VA Secretary
Robert
McDonald to explain what, if any, punitive
action he plans to take against a former deputy chief procurement
officer at the Veterans Health Administration who was found to have
engaged in violations of federal procurement law and has called
on the agency to evaluate whether the reverse auction
company at the heart of the scandal, FedBid Inc., remains a responsible
contractor under federal procurement law.
In a letter sent Monday to McDonald, Rep.
Mike Coffman , R-Colo., chairman of the Veterans
Affairs Subcommittee on Oversight and Investigations, details the findings
of a VA inspector general report that uncovered an orchestrated
campaign by FedBid executives to assassinate the character of Deputy
Assistant Secretary for Acquisition and Logistics Jan Frye after
he suspended the use of reverse auctions throughout the agency in 2012
and that found that Susan Taylor, VAs deputy chief procurement
officer at the Veterans Health Administration, abused her position
and improperly acted as an agent of FedBid in matters before the
government.
The sheer
extent of the abuse of power undertaken by Ms. Taylor at VA alone should
warrant her termination, Coffman wrote. It is apparent that Ms. Taylor
is the personification of the morally bankrupt and ethically impaired
culture that exists within the Department. Coffman also wrote that
the IG report substantiates that FedBid was actively conspiring to
defame an honorable public servant in an attempt to protect a friendly,
corrupt bureaucrat and continue pushing a system of contracts that
undercut fair competition. When coupling that with FedBids engagement
in inherently governmental
functions, I would call upon VA to
examine whether FedBid remains a responsible
contractor.
Pressure from Coffman could
spell trouble for both Taylor and FedBid. Although Taylor has reportedly
been reassigned within VA, McDonald has pegged his tenure as the new VA
secretary on a commitment to hold VA employees accountable and remain
transparent about the steps the agency takes to ensure clear cases of
wrongdoing are punished.
For FedBid, a company backed by powerful financiers and a laundry
list of former high-level government officials, the fallout could be
even worse. The company supports 17 other federal agencies and
departments. Although determinations of nonresponsibility are
award-specific, analysts say it could set the stage for a broader look at FedBid
Inc.s business dealings with VA and even other agencies, which could
lead to discussion about suspension or debarment for either the
company or specific executives.
According to the Congressional Research Service, decisions to
exclude a vendor are made by agency heads or their designees based upon
evidence that contractors have committed certain integrity offenses,
including any offenses indicating a lack of business integrity or
honesty that seriously affect the present responsibility of a
contractor.
A source at the VA
Office of the Inspector General told FedScoop that FedBids previous
statement that its reverse auction services stimulated competition
that resulted in lower prices for VHA is not supported by the
facts presented by another VA IG report issued on the same day as the
report detailing the misdeeds of Taylor and other FedBid executives.
According to the IG, that companion report, Review of the Veterans Health
Administraion's Use of REverse Auction Acquisitions addressed the
contract itself and found that the cost savings were overstated and
may have limited competition.
Lorraine Campos, a partner in the government
contracts &amp; grants team at the Washington, D.C.-based law firm Reed Smith,
said federal agencies ought to proceed with caution in touting
savings from reverse auctions in the wake of the VA IG reports. While
reverse auctions promise dramatic savings, such promises may only be
smoke and mirrors, Campos said. Once transaction fees are factored in,
the actual amount an agency saves may not be as dramatic as
anticipated. Moreover, since reverse auctions only consider pricing, rather than
value, agencies may not get the bang for the buck through these
mechanisms.
Washington
Office
2443 Rayburn HOB
Washington, D.C. 20515
Phone: (202) 225-7882
Fax: (202) 226-4623
District
Office
Cherry Creek Place IV
3300 S. Parker Road, Suite #305
Aurora, CO 80014
Phone: (720) 748-7514
Fax: (720) 748-7680
Unsubscribe
|
Update
My Profile
|
Privacy Policy
gateway mail end
