
TIME MAGAZINE: This is the Most Sexist Republican Ad of the Year
Republicans have a problem with women.
But rather than change their anti-women policies, Republicans are appealing to women with ads about... wedding dresses.
The ad features Brittany, a young undecided voter, who appears to be shopping for a wedding dress, but she&rsquo;s actually shopping for candidates for the Florida Governor&rsquo;s race, get it? Because women don&rsquo;t like dirty old politics, women like wedding dresses! --
Time
It's just another example of how little Republicans think of women.
It's time for Republicans to start taking women, our rights, and our decisions seriously.
NAME: David Johnson
Will you help us reach 100,000 strong pledging to vote against Republicans who disrespect women?
Time and time again, Republicans in Congress -- and across the country -- have stood against America&rsquo;s women.
They repeatedly blocked Equal Pay for Equal Work laws
They blocked the Violence Against Women Act for over 500 days
They supported putting bosses in charge of women&rsquo;s health care choices
They even threatened to shut down the government to defund Planned Parenthood
So this isn&rsquo;t just about one ad. It&rsquo;s the latest in a long line of Republican policies that show disregard for women.
It&rsquo;s time to vote these guys out. Pledge to be #1more vote against Republicans who disrespect women.
Thanks for being a part of this.
Kelly
Kelly Ward
DCCC Executive Director
Paid for by the Democratic Congressional Campaign Committee | 430 South Capitol Street SE, Washington, DC 20003 |
(202) 863-1500
| www.dccc.org | Not authorized by any candidate or candidate's committee.
This message was sent to:
dj724530@gmail.com
| If you'd like to sign up for emails in a different account, click
here .
We believe that emails are a crucial way for our campaign to stay in touch with supporters. However, if you'd rather not receive emails about this particular campaign, click
here . If you'd just like to receive fewer emails, you can click
here .
Our campaign to defeat Tea Party Republicans is powered by supporters like you. 99% of our contributions come from grassroots donations, with an average gift of $22. If you'd like to unsubscribe from DCCC emails, click
here . If you'd like to make an online donation, click
here . Thanks for your support of Democrats!
