
Stay
Connected
October 7, 2014
Dear Friend,
Ohio is home to more than 800,000
veterans and I am honored to represent
thousands living in Ohios 16th
District. Those who have sacrificed so much
to serve our country deserve to receive the
benefits they have earned once they return
home, yet widespread mismanagement within
the Department of Veterans Affairs (VA)
continues to stand in the way.
In May, we learned of secret wait lists
and extensive wait times for an initial
appointment at VA hospitals throughout the
county. It is important to note, however,
that corruption within the VA extends far
beyond unacceptable waiting periods at VA
hospitals. Though the Veterans
Benefit Administration has cut the backlog
of initial claims in half, appealed claims
have grown to more than 250,000. This is
partially due to an administrative decision
to move decision review officers from the
appeals teams to initial claims processing.
The Veterans Benefit Administration
must now answer to Congress and the
American people.
Several veterans living in Ohios
16th District have expressed concerns about
the appeals backlog that continues to grow
in Cleveland. That is why this past week, I
visited the Department of Veterans Affairs
(VA) Cleveland Regional Office to meet with
the new director, Anthony Milons Sr. and
several Veterans Service Organizations
(VSOs) to discuss the appeals process and
the backlog of appeals. According to the VA
Cleveland Regional Office, the average
appeals claim has been pending for more
than 400 days; however, during my visit, I
learned of one veteran that has been
waiting 23 years to have his claim
adjudicated. This is unacceptable. We can
and must be doing better.
In Cleveland, there are five decision
review officers at the Cleveland
Veterans Affairs Regional Office
(VARO) processing nearly 12,000 appealed
claims. Despite the fact that there are
more appeals pending in Cleveland than
initial claims, the decision was made to
transfer 13 decision review officers to
initial claims processing, which has only
served to increase the appeals backlog.
It is critical that Director Milons
takes the appropriate steps to develop and
implement an efficient and effective
process to eliminate the appeals backlog.
We have a responsibility to ensure that all
veterans claims are processed in a
timely manner.
Though there is much work to be done, I
am proud of Congress ability to come
together to pass legislation that will
bring much-needed accountability to the VA.
The Veterans Access to Care through
Choice, Accountability, and Transparency
Act provides $10 billion for veterans to
seek private care at hospitals and clinics
outside the VA, and $5 billion to allow the
department to hire more doctors, nurses,
and medical staff. It provides $1.5 billion
to be spent on leases to use other medical
facilities at 27 sites around the country.
It makes it easier for the VA Secretary to
fire staff at a department where officials
covered up long wait times and prevents the
VA from awarding bonuses to employees for
the next two years. Lastly, it requires
public colleges to provide in-state tuition
to veterans and eligible dependents. I was
pleased to see President Obama sign this
legislation into law on August 7, 2014.
The Veterans Access to Care
through Choice, Accountability, and
Transparency Act will provide meaningful
reforms to the VA and is a step in the
right direction to turn the troubled agency
around. Now, it is up to the VA to take the
appropriate steps to reduce the appeals
backlog. We owe it to our veterans.
I remain committed to ensuring that
veterans receive the benefits they have
earned, and I encourage my constituents to
use our office as a resource
we
stand ready to assist anyone who may be
experiencing issues with the VA.
If you have any questions or if our
office can be of assistance to you, please
do not hesitate to call us at our Wadsworth
office: (330) 334-0040, Parma office: (440)
882-6779, or Washington office: (202)
225-3876. I also encourage you to visit our
website at
renacci.house.gov
and subscribe to our
Facebook ,
Twitter ,
and
YouTube
pages to get the latest updates on my work
in Washington and Ohio's 16th District.
Sincerely,
Wadsworth:
(330) 334-0040 | Parma: (440) 882-6779 |
Washington, DC: (202) 225-3876
Home
|
Privacy
Policy
|
Unsubscribe
This e-mail was sent to dj724530@gmail.com
Click here to unsubscribe
Congressman Jim Renacci
130 Cannon House Office Building
Washington, DC 20515
Phone: (202) 225-3876
Fax: (202) 225-3059