
JOE WILSON
2nd District, South Carolina
ASSISTANT MAJORITY WHIP
COMMITTEES:
ARMED SERVICES
Chairman, Personnel Subcommittee
FOREIGN AFFAIRS
EDUCATION AND THE WORKFORCE
HOUSE REPUBLICAN POLICY
C ONGRESS OF THE
U NITED
S TATES
H OUSE OF
R EPRESENTATIVES
COUNTIES:
AIKEN
BARNWELL
LEXINGTON
ORANGEBURG*
RICHLAND*
* parts of
Dear Friend,
As we approach mid-October and our lives become more energized with fall festivals and activities, I wanted to take some time to update you on the latest happenings with the office.
Over the past several weeks, I have enjoyed visiting small businesses and speaking with local groups about issues that are important to them.
SRS Retiree Resource Center
Earlier this week, Senator Lindsey Graham and I had the opportunity to attend the grand opening of the SRS Retiree Resource Center.
Because of a 2012 change to benefit plans, many SRS retirees are having problems receiving the healthcare they were promised throughout years of service at the Site. This new facility, which will be operated by volunteers, is a great asset to those who need help in the Aiken-Barnwell Community.
As always, if you or your family needs assistance, please do not hesitate to reach out to any of our offices.
Congressman Wilson speaks to SRS retirees offering
assistance with healthcare needs.
Ebola
Two Dallas healthcare workers have tested positive for Ebola after treating Thomas Duncan, the first person to be diagnosed in the United States. The Center for Disease Control (CDC) has a tremendous responsibility and must put the appropriate protocol in place to prevent Ebola from spreading. At the end of last month, the Department of Defense (DOD) deployed approximately 1,500 soldiers to Liberia for humanitarian assistance.
As Chairman of the House Armed Services Subcommittee on Military Personnel, I want to make sure that our brave men and women in uniform are protected and not at risk of contracting Ebola while serving in Western Africa.
This week, I sent a letter to Defense Secretary Chuck Hagel requesting answers to questions surrounding our troops safety.
Click here to view a copy of the letter .
Supporting Local Small Businesses
I recently had the opportunity to visit SPINX, a convenience store located in Columbia.
This local chain is headquartered in Greenville and operates over 70 stores with 1,400 employees across North and South Carolina.
While I did spend some time helping out behind the counter, SPINX employees educated me on important data security, age verification, and other best practices the company uses to protect business and customers. Additionally, we discussed ways Congress can assist businesses by decreasing government regulations.
Breast Cancer Awareness
October is Breast Cancer Awareness month! As a member of Congress and the grateful father of a cancer survivor, I know the hardship and stress this terrible disease places on victims and their families.
Throughout South Carolinas Second Congressional District, dozens of organizations and local hospitals dedicate time this month to provide awareness and advocate for a cure.
I appreciate these efforts so that we can know more and help fight this disease that affects millions of Americans directly or through family and friends.
Congressman Wilson shows support for
Breast Cancer Awareness by wearing a
pink tie and discussing the issue
with constituents.
It is an honor to represent the people of the Second Congressional District of South Carolina.
If I may be of further assistance to you, please do not hesitate to contact me.
Sincerely,
Joe Wilson
Member of Congress
Sign up for Joe Wilson's E-Newsletter!
JOEWILSON.HOUSE.GOV
Click Here
to view this email in your browser
Click Here
to be removed from this list