
October 11, 2014
Dear Friends,
I would like to share this week&rsquo;s edition of Jackie&rsquo;s Reading Picks, a compilation of articles that have piqued my interest over the week. You can find this week&rsquo;s selection and others on my website in the
Jackie&rsquo;s Reading Picks
section.
Happy reading!
All the best,
For a Worker with Little Time Between 3 Jobs, a Nap Has Fatal Consequences
By RACHEL SWARNS, NY Times
Maybe she poured you a cup of hot coffee, right before you rushed off to catch your afternoon train. Maybe you noticed her huddled over an empty table in the station, dozing in the lonesome hours between one shift and another.
Her name was Maria Fernandes. She was 32 years old. And long before her face flashed across the evening news, she worked amid the throngs of passengers in the heart of Newark&rsquo;s Pennsylvania Station, serving pumpkin lattes and toasted bagels, and dreaming of life somewhere else.
Read more
here .
Out of Control: How the world&rsquo;s health organizations failed to stop the Ebola disaster
By LENA H. SUN, BRADY DENNIS, LENNY BERNSTEIN, JOEL ACHENBACH, Washington Post
Tom Frieden remembers the young woman with the beautiful hair, dyed a rusty gold and braided meticulously, elaborately, perhaps by someone who loved her very much. She was lying facedown, half off the mattress. She had been dead for hours, and flies had found the bare flesh of her legs.
Two other bodies lay nearby. Bedridden patients who had not yet succumbed said of the dead, "Please, get them out of here."
Read more
here .
Reports on college crime are deceptively inaccurate
By COLLIN BINKLEY, JILL RIEPENHOFF, MIKE WAGNER, SARA GREGORY, Columbus Dispatch
The crime statistics being released by colleges nationwide on Wednesday are so misleading that they give students and parents a false sense of security.
Even the U.S. Department of Education official who oversees compliance with a federal law requiring that the statistics be posted on Oct. 1 each year admits that they are inaccurate. Jim Moore said that a vast majority of schools comply with the law but some purposely underreport crimes to protect their images; others have made honest mistakes in attempting to comply.
In addition, weaknesses in the law allow for thousands of off-campus crimes involving students to go unreported, and the Education Department does little to monitor or enforce compliance with the law &mdash; even when colleges report numbers that seem questionable.
Read more
here .
When Domestic Violence Victims Are Imprisoned for Their Abusers' Crimes
By AMANDA HESS, Slate
On October 13, 2006, Alonzo Turner murdered his girlfriend&rsquo;s 3-year-old son, Titches. Over the course of that day, according to court records reported by BuzzFeed&rsquo;s Alex Campbell, Turner whipped Titches with a belt, threw him against a wall, grabbed him by his neck, smeared his face in his breakfast, stood on his chest, dragged him to the bathroom, pushed his head into the toilet bowl, kicked him repeatedly in the stomach, then forced him to pace back and forth across the living room. He threatened to kill Titches&rsquo; mother, Arlena Lindley, if she tried to get the boy out of the house, and locked Lindley and a friend out on the porch; soon after Lindley finally convinced Turner to let her back in the house, Titches stopped breathing.
After Titches&rsquo; murder, Turner was sentenced to life in prison; Lindley was sentenced to 45 years in prison for child abuse by &ldquo;omission,&rdquo; or failing to protect her son from Turner&rsquo;s abuse. When Turner threatened to kill Lindley for trying to protect her son, the police said, she should have called 911.
Read more
here .
Miss a Payment? Good Luck Moving That Car
By JESSICA SILVER-GREENBERG, MICHAEL CORKERY, NY Times
The thermometer showed a 103.5-degree fever, and her 10-year-old&rsquo;s asthma was flaring up. Mary Bolender, who lives in Las Vegas, needed to get her daughter to an emergency room, but her 2005 Chrysler van would not start.
The cause was not a mechanical problem &mdash; it was her lender.
Read more
here .
ISIS is about to take a city called Kobane. Will it drag Turkey into war?
By ZACK MEAUCHAMP, Vox
After several failed invasion attempts, the Islamic State of Iraq and Syria appears on the verge of taking the Syrian town Kobane. ISIS fighters have entered Kobane, and have engaged local Kurdish forces in street-to-street battles. This is the culmination of an assault that began in early September, has sent thousands of refugees fleeing across the border, and has big implications for the larger conflict.
Read more
here .
Silicon Valley&rsquo;s Diversity Problem
By EDITORIAL BOARD, NY Times
After years of playing down the problem, technology companies like Google, Facebook, and Apple now say they&rsquo;re serious about improving the gender and ethnic diversity of their work forces and corporate boards. Recent data from those companies and others like them confirm what everyone has long known: Most of their employees are white and Asian men.
Among technical employees, few are women, and even fewer are Latino or African-American.
Tech companies should care about these numbers.
Read more
here .
Unsubscribe
Washington D.C. Office
211 Cannon House Office Building
Washington, DC 20515
Phone: (202) 225-3531
Fax: (202) 226-4183
San Mateo Office
155 Bovet Road, Suite 780
San Mateo, CA 94402
Phone: (650) 342-0300
Fax: (650) 375-8270
Click Here
to be removed from this list
