
Miller Newsletter
October 19, 2014
In the News
The deadly Ebola virus outbreak continued to dominate the news cycle following the first death in the United States being recorded and with multiple health care workers in Dallas who were in contact with infected Liberian citizen Thomas Duncan now testing positive with the virus. Yet, the Administration continues to downplay the threat, and their federal response to date has been nothing short of a failurefrom A to Z.
The fact is that under current law, the Administration may enact restrictions or bans on travel to or from certain countries if there is imminent danger to the public health or safety of American citizens, and the Supreme Court has upheld that area restrictions and travel bans may be imposed. Furthermore, the Administration has broad authority under the
Immigration and Nationality Act
to deny entry to any alien or class of aliens whose entry into the country would be detrimental to the interests of the United States.
This Administration, however, is late to the game. At least 30 countries have already implemented travel bans from Ebola affected countries. Though the Administration recently announced that additional screening measures for those whose travel originated or passed through Guinea, Liberia, and Sierra Leone are being implemented at five major airports, I agree with the numerous constituents throughout Northwest Florida who have contacted me over the past several days, that these precautions do not go far enough. Bottom lineit is quite clear that all the criteria are met to impose a travel ban, and that a travel ban should be implemented immediately to prevent individuals from affected countries from entering the United States and to protect the American people. Furthermore, the American people are losing confidence in the ability of the CDC to protect Americans from Ebola. Either the CDC leadership must step up to seriously and credibly protect public health, or the President must find people who will. Immediately imposing a travel ban would not only protect Americans, but also show that this Administration is taking the Ebola threat seriously.
Miller Media Clips
To read some recent press clips highlighting my work on behalf of Florida's First
Congressional District and our Nations veterans and servicemembers, click on the links below:
Veterans Affairs Executives Slated for Firing Find Way to Retire Instead
No timeline for VA Hospital updates
VA dismissals add questions about reforms
Veterans Corner
House Committee on Veterans' Affairs Oversight Visit: Omaha, Nebraska
As part of my oversight responsibilities as Chairman of the House Committee on Veterans' Affairs, I took the opportunity last week to travel to Omaha, Nebraska, to meet with local veterans and visit the Omaha VA Medical Center and the nearby Creighton University Medical Center.
The VA Nebraska-Western Iowa Health Care System serves more than 161,000 veterans in the Midwest, but is currently facing the challenges that accompany an aging infrastructure, including outdated plumbing, electrical, heating, air-conditioning and boiler systems.
Plans are currently underway to either upgrade the existing facility, renovate and move into the local Creighton University Medical Center or build a new hospital.
The fact that VA is dealing with a number of aging VA medical centers underscores the importance of getting the departments current construction projects back on schedule and on budget.
Congressman Miller and Congressman Lee Terry (R-NE) meeting with VA employees (left); Congressman Miller, Congressman Lee Terry (R-NE), and
Phil Matkovsky, VA Assistant Deputy Under Secretary for Health and Administrative Operations, meeting with officials from Creighton Hospital (right).
While in Nebraska, I had the pleasure of visiting New Visions Homeless Services led by Pastor Harry Waller and his wife, Ginny. This faith-based organization has utilized a federal grant to establish a 26-unit homeless veterans transitional housing apartment building in addition to a 14-unit homeless transitional building with support services. Those who have sacrificed and served our Nation should never have to be without a stable place to call home, and America is blessed with many private organizations such as New Visions Homeless Services that work toward that end.
Congressman Miller and Congressman Lee Terry (R-NE) visiting with Pastor Harry Waller (far right) and John Foley, Managing Partner of New Visions Homeless Services (far left).
Washington Update
Obamacare Website
In August, the Florida Office of Insurance Regulation reported that premiums for insurance plans available in Florida are set to rise by an average of 13.2 percent next year, based on rate proposals filed by Floridas health insurance providers.
Yet, many Floridians will have to wait another month to see just how much their premiums will change thanks to a decision by the Administration to delay enrollment for 2015 Obamacare plans until November 15, nearly two weeks after the midterm elections.
Last year, despite considerable problems and a lack of testing of the Obamacare exchange website, the enrollment period began October 1 and ran for six months.
Yet, a year later, when the website would presumably be improved, Americans will have to wait an extra month and a half to figure out how much their insurance is going to cost them.
On top of this delay, the enrollment period will also be half as long as last year, and consumers already enrolled in Obamacare plans will have just one month, until December 15, to pick a new plan.
If they dont pick a new plan by December 15, then they will automatically be re-enrolled in their current plan on January 1, which will in most cases cost far more than what they are currently paying.
With premiums set to go up, the Administration should be releasing 2015 premiums as soon as possible to allow hard-working families time to plan for the future.
But no matter when these rates are finally released, there is no question that Obamacare is an unmitigated failure that is increasing health care costs and decreasing choice.
It is well past time to repeal and replace this disastrous law.
September Jobs Report
The recently released jobs report for September confirms what a majority of Americans know all too well: our economy remains stagnant, with limited job growth and a decline in average wages.
In fact, according to a recent survey conducted by the Pew Research Center, a majority of Americans say they are falling behind financially.
More than 9 million Americans are unemployed, 7.1 million have been forced to take part-time work in lieu of full-time jobs, and nearly 40 percent of working age individuals arent even in the workforce or looking for jobs.
To get back to pre-recession employment levels, our economy still needs to create 6 million jobs.
Given this economic reality, the American people expect their elected leaders to advance commonsense solutions that will unleash the power of our Nations businesses and entrepreneurs, and House Republicans have advanced a comprehensive agenda, passing at least 46 jobs bills that would help our economy, businesses, and workers.
Among these jobs bills are commonsense proposals like H.R.3474, the
Hire More Heroes Act , and H.R.2481, the
Veterans Economic Opportunity Act , that would make it easier for companies to hire veterans and improve access for job-training and educational assistance programs that they need to find good-paying jobs.
There are also a number of tax-related billsincluding H.R. 4438, the
American Research and Competitiveness Act , H.R.4457,
America's Small Business Tax Relief Act of 2014 , and H.R.4453, the
S Corporation Permanent Tax Relief Act , and H.R.3086, the
Permanent Internet Tax Freedom Act which would help businesses increase competitiveness and create jobs.
And the House has passed numerous bills to reduce excessive regulations and make energy more affordableincluding H.R.3, the
Northern Route Approval Act , H.R.1582, the
Energy Consumers Relief Act , H.R.367, the
Regulations from the Executive in Need of Scrutiny (REINS) Act , and H.R.3826, the
Electricity Security &amp; Affordability Act , among many others.
Yet, the Administration seems intent on imposing more and more excessive regulations that make it harder for businesses to succeed and make life more expensive for hard-working families, and the Senate remains unwilling to work with House Republicans.
In fact, the Senate refuses to even debate any of these bills, despite the fact that all but two of these 46 jobs bills passed with bipartisan votes in the House, with several receiving unanimous support.
Given the importance of passing these jobs measures, and the limited legislative time remaining in the year, the House even went so far as to package dozens of these provisions together into H.R.4, the
Jobs for America Act
just to make it that much easier for the Senate to debate and vote on some of these House-passed jobs bills.
For the millions of unemployed Americans and their families, it is time for the Senate to get on board with these crucial jobs bills.
In the District
Air Commando Association Convention
Vicki and I attended the 2014 Air Commando Association (ACA) convention and reunion Saturday in Fort Walton Beach, at which former Chief of Staff of the U.S. Air Force and Air Commando Hall of Famer General Norton Norty Schwartz (Ret)
was the guest of honor.
The ACA recognized the 25th anniversary of Operation Just Cause in Panama and the ACA members that helped depose Dictator Manuel Noriega.
Inducted into the ACA hall of fame this year were Colonel John Alvarez (Ret), Colonel Craig Brotchie (Ret), Colonel Al Greenup (Ret), Colonel Gene Ronsick (Ret), Chief Master Sergeant Randy Anderson (Ret), and as a Honorary Hall of Fame Commando, Doolittle Raider, Colonel Richard Cole.
It is always humbling to visit with the many fearless airmen that call Northwest Florida home, and I salute the courage of the Air Commandos who have bravely served and those future Commandos who will carry on the proud tradition of service, sacrifice, and dominance.
Boggy Bayou Mullet Festival
Earlier Saturday, Vicki and I had the opportunity to join in the festivities of the 38th Annual Boggy Bayou Mullet Festival in Niceville. For nearly four decades, the Mullet festival has gathered visitors from the local community and from all over to take in the local crafts, fine arts and entertainment, and of course, to pay homage to the coastal delight.
Vicki and I most enjoyed the fellowship, and though this is the first year we missed visiting with the festival's founder, the late-Walt Spence, I have no doubt that Walt's spirit continues to inspire this proud Northwest Florida
and that he was looking down with a smile on the great time had by all.
Congressman Jeff and Vicki Miller with Jerry (right) and Karen (left center) Spence standing behind a picture of the late Walt and Ann Spence .
Reminder: Upcoming Mobile Office Days in Navarre and Milton this Wednesday, October 22
In order to better serve the needs of constituents who are not close to the Pensacola or Fort Walton Beach offices, special mobile office days modeled after veterans assistance days have been established to better serve our growing population in Northwest Florida. I am pleased to announce upcoming office hours that will be held Wednesday, October 22. My staff will be available to answer questions about problems with federal agencies or other issues affecting the First Congressional District at the following locations and times: 9:30 a.m.
11:00 a.m. at the Navarre Beach Area Chamber of Commerce (8543 Navarre Parkway in Navarre) and 1:30 p.m.
3:00 p.m. at the Santa Rosa County Chamber of Commerce (5247 Stewart Street in Milton).
Happy Birthday U.S. Navy
239 years ago, on October 13, 1775, the Continental Congress adopted legislation that gave birth to what would become, and remain, the greatest Naval force in human history. As our Navy evolved from the sailed vessels of the Revolutionary and Barbary Wars to the nuclear aircraft carriers patrolling global waters today, the technology has changed drastically. However, the one constant has been the fighting spirit and peerless skill of our Nations sailors and their willingness to sacrifice so much in defense of our Nation and our ideals. Throughout its storied history, the United States Navy has displayed its tradition of honor, courage, and commitment, and has performed its role courageously and successfully in some of the most dire times. Many view the Battle of Midway as the critical turning point of World War II, setting the path for Allied success in the Pacific. More recently, the mere existence of our impressive firepower has served as a crucial and strategic deterrence for foreign maritime aggression. It was our very own elite Navy SEALS who, in May of 2011, carried out the successful and daring Osama Bin Laden raid to bring the Nations most wanted man to justice.
Time and again, our Nation has asked the Navy to defend against those seeking to do us harm, and time and again the Navy has delivered. Whether patrolling on or beneath the ocean, in the air or on land, I wish the entire fleet stationed at home and deployed throughout the world a very sincere happy birthday. Lastly, we remember those sailors we have lost throughout the years, now on eternal patrol. Anchors Aweigh!
As always, I welcome your comments. To share your thoughts on legislation, votes or issues, please visit http://jeffmiller.house.gov/ to send an e-mail or call any of my offices.
Thanks,
Jeff
Click Here
to view this email in your browser
Click Here
to be removed from this list