
If you are having trouble viewing
this message or would like to share it on a social network, you can
view the message
online .
About Lynn
|
Constituent Services
|
Issues
|
Media Center
|
Legislative
Center
|
Georgia's Third District
|
Contact Me
October 05, 2014
Capitol Corner: The Overdue Resignation of Eric
Holder
On September 25th, U.S. Attorney
General Eric Holder officially announced his resignation. Holders job as
attorney general was to serve as the countrys highest lawyer, and
instead he squandered the opportunity and played petty
politics.
Lawmakers, like me, have been calling for
his resignation for years now. Holder has a pattern of failing to
enforce the constitution. Instead, he chooses when he wants to implement
the law and which cases he wants to take seriously. This was clear
when Holder took a back seat and did not aggressively investigate the
administrations largest scandals, like Fast and Furious and the IRS
targeting.
When the House
Oversight and Government Reform Committee began looking into the scandals,
Holder obstructed the investigation and failed to produce documents
subpoenaed by the committee.
After months of Holders
stonewalling, I joined my colleagues in calling for Holders impeachment. In the
112th Congress, I voted for both H.Res. 711 and H.Res. 706 that not
only held Holder in Contempt of Congress, but also allowed for the House
Oversight and Government Reform Committee to bring Holder to court on
civil charges. It was a disgrace that our top law enforcement official
refused to do all he could to get to the bottom of these
scandals.
With Holders resignation,
President Obama must not rush the nomination process for the next attorney
general. President Obama must allow for the Senate to properly debate and
vet the nominee so that the Department of Justice can have a
non-partisan Attorney General. The American people deserve a fair and honest
leader: One that they will trust to uphold the U.S. Constitution and
our countrys laws above all else.
Share on
Facebook
Share on Twitter
Laying Down the L.A.W.
Blog
The One Year Anniversary of
Heathcare.Gov
By Rep. Lynn
Westmoreland
Over 2.1 billion taxpayer dollars, countless
technical errors, skyrocketing premiums, and at least one major
security breach: that's the result of just one year of
Healthcare.gov.
The botched rollout of the
online insurance market place is the biggest red flag we have seen
proving that ObamaCare is not the Health Care reform that this country
needs. The administrations disastrous and chaotic response showed the
inability of the government to responsibly manage your healthcare.
The courts have also
proved ObamaCares failure and unconstitutionality. After the Supreme
Court ruled that the contraception mandate was unconstitutional in June,
a Federal Judge in Oklahoma ruled against ObamaCare last week,
striking down an IRS regulation that only gives tax-credits to policy holders
if they are enrolled in exchanges set up by the state. Obama also
said that if you liked your doctor, you could keep it
another promise
we saw to no longer be
true.
I have been calling for the repeal of ObamaCare since the day it
was signed into law. We know that as long as it is enforced it will
continue to harm our healthcare system, our Federal Budget, small
businesses, and the living standards of millions of Americans. This country
deserves the best health care in the world and from what we've seen this
past year, ObamaCare is clearly not the
solution.
Share on Facebook
Share on
Twitter
Join the Conversation
Tell a Friend
E-mail:
In Other
News
CNN: Secret Service
Director Julia Pierson resigns
Julia Pierson, the
first female director of the Secret Service, resigned Wednesday in the
aftermath of a fence-jumper gaining access to the White House on
September 19 and a subsequent congressional inquiry uncovering other security
lapses...
The Atlanta Journal-Constitution: New Georgia law lures
potential employer
A young Boston payments
processor has become the first company to apply for a new type of bank
charter in Georgia that the state hopes will bolster one of its key
industries: the companies that run the financial pipelines behind all those
zillions of credit card
transactions
The Wall Street Journal: First
Case of Ebola in U.S. Is Confirmed
Health
officials diagnosed the first case of Ebola in the U.S. on Tuesday,
bringing a disease that has killed more than 3,000 people this year in
West Africa to the middle of
America
Forbes: ADP Says Private Sector Added
213K Jobs In September
Released
Thursday, ADPs September National Employment Report showed private payrolls
adding 213,000 jobs in the first month of
fall
Peach Pundit: USS Georgia
Returns to Port Following 17-Month
Deployment
The Ohio-class guided-missile submarine USS Georgia (SSGN 729)
has returned to Naval Submarine Base Kings Bay after being deployed
for 17 months
WASHINGTON, DC OFFICE 2433 Rayburn House Office
Bldg Washington, DC 20515 Phone (202) 225-5901 Fax (202) 225-2515
THIRD DISTRICT
OFFICE
1601-B East Highway 34 Newnan,
Georgia 30265 Phone (770) 683-2033 Fax (770) 683-2042
Unsubscribe
|
Update My Profile
|
Privacy Policy
