
If you are having trouble viewing this message or would like to share
it on a social network, you can
view the message online .
Website
About David
Contact
Serving
You
Media
Center
Legislative Work
District
October 24, 2014
Helping to Increase
Communication Between Hospitals
After listening to
concerns from health care providers and hospital executives, I recently
introduced a bill (H.R. 5537) to help hospitals communicate with each
other, which would increase efficiency and improve quality of
care.
The bill requires the Government Accountability Office (GAO)
to study the communication between computer systems used by hospitals
to store and access electronic health records.
Over the
past three and a half years we have met with hospitals, health care
workers, patients and families and a common theme is the fact that
medical records are not easily transferable between different hospital
systems. With all the technology available to us in 2014, this should be a
problem that can be solved.
Designing medical records
systems that can talk to each other will increase access to care, lower
health care costs, and allow for more effective
coordination.
We live in an interconnected world where banking systems and other
services are able to connect around the globe. Ensuring our health
care system does the same is just common
sense.
Meeting with West Virginia
Farmers
This week I had the opportunity to meet with a number of people
involved with
West Virginias agricultural industry
in Wetzel County . The agriculture industry in Wetzel Co. has been
facing problems with road issues and the loss of acreage. This has
caused some farmers to stop farming altogether. We met to discuss what can
be done to help Wetzel County.
We also met with the
Bridgeport Farmers Market
leadership, where we learned that
the farmers market was an excellent place to spend a Sunday. It is
filled with
music, activities, demonstrations, and, of
course, food .
Visiting
the Historic Cain House
Today I stopped by St.
Marys to meet with constituents and visit the
historic Cain House.
Also known as the Alexander Creel Tavern, the
Cain House was built in 1850 and served as the original Pleasants
County Courthouse.
It has been a fixture in St. Marys for over 160
years and is listed on the National Register of Historic Places.
Rumors have been circulating about the
future of the House .
As an engineer with over 30 years of
experience, historic preservation has been an area of expertise and a
lifelong passion. This is an issue that resonates with me.
Fridays visit to St. Marys was an opportunity to be educated on
the issue and find out the facts surrounding the Cain Houses
fate.
Domestic Violence Awareness
Month
October is
Domestic
Violence Awareness Month , which is an annual campaign to raise
awareness about domestic violence across the United States. The intent is
to connect womens advocates across the U.S. who are working to end
violence against women and children. These activities are as varied and
diverse as the program sponsors but have common themes: mourning those
who have died because of domestic violence, celebrating those who
have survived, and connecting those who work to end violence.
In August, I had the opportunity to meet with the
prosecutors office, police, counselors, and victims
during a roundtable discussing in Moundsville . Their stories and the
work they do are recognized on the Day of Unity, celebrated on the
first Monday of the month of October. On this day, and during this
month, I hope that communities across all fifty states can celebrate the
strength of women and their
children.
Constituent Meetings
Throughout October
I will be traveling around the First District meeting with
constituents and visiting local businesses. So far this year I have had more than
220 meetings across the district. Keep an eye out, I may be visiting
your town.
If you are ever in
the Washington D.C. office please drop in and say hello. If you want an
appointment just give my office a call at 202-225-4172, or submit a
request on my website at
www.mckinley.house.gov .
What do you think? Do you attend your local farmers
market? Yes No I don't have a local farmers market. Other *By answering this survey, you are
subscribing to my newsletter. If you are having trouble,
click here. Share on Facebook Share on LinkedIn Share on
Twitter Survey
Results Are you in favor of President
Obama's choice for appointing an "Ebola Czar"? Answer Total Yes 18.81% No 66.53% Don't
know 12.48% Other
2.18%
Washington,
DC
412 Cannon HOB |
Washington, DC 20515
Phone:
(202) 225-4172 |
Fax: (202) 225-7564
Morgantown
709 Beechurst Ave.
Suite 14B
Morgantown, WV
26505
Phone: 304.284.8506
Wheeling
Horne Building
1100
Main Street, Suite 101
Wheeling, WV 26003
Phone: (304)
232-3801
Fax: 304-232-3813
Parkersburg
Federal Building
425 Juliana
Street
Suite 1004
Parkersburg, WV 26101
Phone: (304)
422-5972
Unsubscribe
|
Update My Profile
|
Privacy Policy
gateway
mail end 