
If you are having trouble viewing this message or would
like to share it on a social network, you can
view the message online .
About
Lynn
|
Constituent Services
|
Issues
|
Media Center
|
Legislative Center
|
Georgia's Third
District
|
Contact Me
September 28, 2014
Capitol Corner: Jobs for
America
On
September 18, 2014, the U.S. House of Representatives acted again to pass H.R.
4, the Jobs for America Act, and to help get Americans back to work.
Its a package of jobs bills weve passed combined into one package to
get the economy moving again, while protecting small businesses and
creating incentives for businesses to hire. I strongly supported this
jobs package.
There are 15 bills
that make up the Jobs for America Act, and together they make various
changes to federal regulation that would encourage job creation and
spur economic growth. The package is broken down into five parts with
respect to the sponsoring committees jurisdiction: Ways and Means,
Financial Services, Oversight, Judiciary, and Natural Resources. There is a
diverse variety of bills in the package, such as the Hire More Heroes
Act, Regulations From the Executive in Need of Scrutiny (REINS) Act,
and the Permanent Internet Tax Freedom Act, that protect small
businesses from burdensome regulations and unnecessary federal oversight.
Removing the bureaucratic red-tape helps create opportunities for
businesses to hire and create much needed
jobs.
While the House continues to search for solutions to lower the
unemployment number, Senate Majority Leader Harry Reid is just
letting the jobs bills stack up on his desk. His refusal to take up any of
the House jobs bills for a vote is obstructing the ability of many
struggling Americans to find work and provide relief to businesses that
are still recovering from the recession. I strongly encourage Senate
Majority Leader Harry Reid to act on this, or any, of the jobs bills
weve sent over so Americans can get to
work.
To view the 15 bills included in H.R. 4, the Jobs
for America Act, please
click
here .
To see a list of the jobs
bills stuck in the Senate, please
click here .
Share on
Facebook
Share on Twitter
Westmoreland on 'Justice with Judge Jeanine'
On Saturday, September 20, 2014, I discussed
the Select Committee on Benghazi's first hearing on Fox News' "Justice
with Judge Jeanine." The hearing focused on the implementation of the
ARB's recommendations, and examined the ARB recommendations from
previous embassy attacks and the similarities with Benghazi. I addressed
the bureaucracy of the State Department and their responsibility to
cooperate with the Select Committee on Benghazi so they can find all the
facts.
Click here to watch the
interview.
Share on Facebook
Share on
Twitter
Join the Conversation
Tell a Friend
E-mail:
In Other News
Washington Times: Holder heading
out, but contempt lives on
Attorney
General Eric H. Holder Jr. announced Thursday he is resigning as soon as a
replacement is found, though he and the Justice Department still face
contempt of Congress charges that will linger well after he officially
gives up the office...
Wall Street Journal: GAO: CFPB Should Take Steps
to Protect Consumer Data Collected From
Banks
...The Government Accountability Office said the Consumer Financial
Protection Bureau lacks written procedures for protecting data and needs to
beef up its information security
practices,...
Atlanta Business Chronicle: Georgia
manufacturers profits up 13%
Georgia manufacturers built a
good news-bad news scenario over the past few years, according to
Georgia Techs Georgia Manufacturing Survey...
The Forest-Blade: Nine Georgia lawmakers
receive Friend of Farm Bureau Award
The
American Farm Bureau Federation has honored nine Georgia members of the
U.S. House and Senate with the Friend of Farm Bureau Award for the 113th
Congress.Sens. Saxby Chambliss and Johnny Isakson were honored, as
were Reps...Lynn Westmoreland (R-3rd
District)...
WASHINGTON, DC OFFICE 2433 Rayburn House Office
Bldg Washington, DC 20515 Phone (202) 225-5901 Fax (202)
225-2515
THIRD DISTRICT
OFFICE
1601-B East Highway
34 Newnan, Georgia 30265 Phone (770) 683-2033 Fax (770)
683-2042
Unsubscribe
|
Update My
Profile
|
Privacy Policy
gateway mail end
