
If you are
having trouble viewing this message or would like to share it on a social
network, you can
view
the message online .
HOME
NEWS
SERVICES
LEGISLATION
CONTACT
October 27, 2014
Update on Ebola Travel
Restrictions
Last week, I
shared my support for imposing visa restrictions and quarantine measures
for those traveling from Ebola affected countries in West Africa as a
means of limiting the possibility that someone infected with Ebola might
come into the United States. The Administration has announced
additional travel related precautions they are implementing
including
routing all passengers arriving from the affected countries in West Africa
through the five airports that are now subject to increased screening
measures. However, at this time, more ought to be done to limit the
risk of exposing the American people to this deadly
disease.
As part of this effort, fifteen fellow
members of the Doctors Caucus &amp; I have sent President Obama a letter
urging a temporary travel ban to combat Ebola. The letter
reads:
Containment is key to stopping the spread of this highly contagious and
deadly disease, and we strongly urge your administration to consider
implementing a temporary travel ban for individuals who are citizens of, or
traveled to, affected countries in West Africa. For American citizens
who have been exposed to Ebola, we support the recommended 21-day
quarantine before they can enter the country.
We understand and support the
continued flow of aid workers and supplies to control the spread of
Ebola at its source, but temporarily restricting entry to the United
States for individuals from
or who traveled to
affected countries
could limit the possible introduction of additional individuals carrying
the virus. We strongly support continued American leadership to help
the affected countries in West Africa combat this deadly disease, and
urge other members of the global community to redouble their
efforts.
Click here
to view the full letter.
This
important issue as well as Obamacare and the need for
patient-centered health care reform was the focus of my discussion with Bill Bennett
on his radio show Morning in America this past Wednesday. You can
listen to our conversation, by
clicking
here .
Troubling News on Immigration
A new report shows that the Obama Administration was not transparent
or forthright with Congress or the American people when it chose to
release 2,200 illegal immigrants last year. At the time, officials
claimed that those being released had no serious criminal records and
were not a threat. And yet, now we are learning that was not the whole
story. From the
USA Today :
New records contradict
the Obama administration's assurances to Congress and the public that
the 2,200 people it freed from immigration jails last year to save money
had only minor criminal records.
The records, obtained by USA TODAY,
show immigration officials released some undocumented immigrants who had
faced far more serious criminal charges, including people charged with
kidnapping, sexual assault, drug trafficking and
homicide.
This is a serious breach of trust. It
comes as President Obama is planning to take further action in the
months ahead to circumvent and undermine the nations immigration laws. The
details of what the president is orchestrating are also being kept
from the American people
sparking concerns
when
reports emerge
that seem to suggest the Administration may be
preparing a massive increase in the number of work permits and green cards
issued.
Our immigration laws need
to be updated, but above all they need to be
enforced.
Please Feel Free to Tell a
Friend E-mail:
E-mail: E-mail:
Share on
Facebook Share on Twitter
Washington DC Office
100 Cannon House Office Building
Washington DC 20515
Phone:
202-225-4501
Fax:
202-225-4656
District Office:
85-C Mill Street, Suite 300
Roswell, GA 30075
Phone:
770-998-0049
Fax: 770-998-0050
Internet:
Web:
http://tomprice.house.gov
E-mail:
E-mail Tom by clicking
here
Unsubscribe
|
Update My
Profile
|
Privacy Policy
gateway mail end 