
Click here to view this message in your browser.
October 24, 2014
Dear David,
Hoosiers know the importance of clean water. We know water is a shared resource, and we all have incentives to invest in clean water for safe drinking; more productive farms and businesses; and improved hunting, fishing, and recreational opportunities. That&rsquo;s why over the last several decades our state&rsquo;s leading agriculture, industry, and conservation groups have been working together to improve the water quality in our streams, rivers, and lakes. As with many issues, there is room to improve, but we&rsquo;ve made tremendous progress throughout the state.
As you know, the Environmental Protection Agency (EPA) and Army Corps of Engineers proposed a rule earlier this year defining the &ldquo;Waters of the United States&rdquo; that are protected by the Clean Water Act (CWA). Like many of you, I wanted the agencies to develop a rule that is narrowly tailored, consistent, and provides the certainty businesses need to plan for the future, while also balancing the need to protect our health and environment. From the feedback I received from agricultural, manufacturing, property development, and conservation stakeholders like you, however, I am concerned that the proposed rule as currently written does not meet this goal.
That is why, on October 7, 2014, I wrote a letter to the EPA and Army Corps requesting that the agencies revise and clarify the proposed &ldquo;Waters of the United States&rdquo; rule. I asked that the agencies continue to work with stakeholders to address their valid concerns, consider input from those on the local level, and fulfill the requirements to study the proposed rule&rsquo;s impact on small businesses and manufacturers before proposing the rule for another round of public comment. For more information and to see a copy of the letter,
click here .
I appreciate the agencies&rsquo; intentions to clarify the coverage of the CWA so that business, conservation, and permitting decisions can be made efficiently and effectively. An unworkable rule, however, will likely halt ongoing water quality improvements and create further bureaucratic confusion. As a member of the U.S. Senate Committee on Agriculture, I know that regulatory certainty is an important issue to Hoosier businesses, farmers, and communities, and I am committed to ensuring that federal policies are narrowly tailored to reflect our commitment to the environment while not overly burdening Hoosier farmers and families.
We will keep you updated on this issue and our work on the Senate Agriculture Committee. In the meantime, please feel free to contact us if you have any questions either by
emailing
or calling our Washington D.C. office at 202-224-4814.
Sincerely,
Senator Joe Donnelly
Please do not reply to this email. To contact my office, please
click here .
Senator Joe Donnelly
Office Locations
Washington, D.C.
SH-720 Hart Senate Office Building
Washington, D.C. 20510
Phone: (202) 224-4814
Fax: (202) 224-5011
Indianapolis, IN
10 West Market Street Suite 1180
Indianapolis, IN 46204
Phone: (317) 226-5555
Fax: (317) 226-5508
For a full list of office locations, please
click here .
Unsubscribe
