DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.0 Transitional//EN" "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml1/DTD/xhtml1-transitional.dtd"
District Update October 10th, 2014
CLICK HERE
to see the pictures and graphics in this email.
Watch this week's dose
of common sense
HERE .
Faced with Success, Some Cry Wolf
Dear Friends,
For over a decade the gray wolf has surpassed Endangered Species Act (ESA) goals , warranting a delisting that returns management to the states.
Finally, in 2013, the Fish and Wildlife Service (FWS) agreed to allow Wyoming to manage wolves under our carefully crafted plan.
But now the wolf is back on the list and Wyoming's plan has been overturned.
What happened?
Have wolf numbers fallen below federal recovery goals?
No.
Did Wyoming renege on implementing the terms of its management plan?
No.
Was Wyomings federally-approved, science based management plan for the wolf overturned on a technicality by a federal judge in Washington, D.C.?
Yes.
Animal rights and other special interest groups fighting to keep ESA protections for the wolf fail to realize that an ESA listing is not a management plan.
It is a plan to not manage, at the expense of the livelihoods of ranchers and other citizens of our state.
Even
the FWS says
that The most recent data available (end of 2013) indicate that the NRM wolf population contains at least 1,691 wolves, at least 320 packs, and at least 78 breeding pairsBy every biological measure the NRM wolf population is recovered and remains secure under State management.
Yet some groups still continue to refuse success and hope to snatch defeat from the jaws of victory.
They would rather ignore the numbers of wolves and needs of our citizens and just cry wolf to the courts.
As I work with our delegation on a legislative solution to prevent Wyoming's wolf recovery plan from being mired in endless litigation, please feel free to
contact me
about these or other concerns.
Sincerely,
This mailbox is unattended. To respond please
click here
or go to
http://lummis.house.gov/contact/
Join the conversation! Stay connected to me through
,
,
and
I look forward to hearing from you soon!
Newsletter Sign-Up
------------------------------------
Twitter
Facebook
Youtube
Tumblr
UPDATE SUBSCRIPTION OPTIONS
|
PRIVACY POLICY
|
CONTACT US
Click Here Click Here