
If you are having trouble viewing this message or would
like to share it on a social network, you can
view the message online .
September 30, 2014 |
Unsubscribe
|
Update My Profile
Commerce Committee Passes Thune Rail Reform
Legislation
VIDEO:
Senator Thune underscores the importance of his STB reform
bill at a markup of the legislation before the Senate Commerce
Committee.
Since the beginning of the
year, businesses and agriculture producers in South Dakota and many
other states have been facing rail service delays and network
congestion, as well as locomotive and railcar shortages. Senator Thune
continues to work closely with shippers, railroads, and the Surface
Transportation Board (STB) to address the freight rail service delays and
backlogs that continue to plague the Upper Midwest. While the STB, which
regulates the freight railroads operating in the U.S., has been working
to address the current rail service issues facing South Dakota, this
crisis has highlighted some of the boards
inefficiencies.
In early September, Senator Thune, along
with Commerce Committee Chairman Jay Rockefeller (D-West Virginia),
introduced the Surface Transportation Board Reauthorization Act of 2014
(S. 2777) . The senators bill
would allow STB board members to work together in a more streamlined
manner and better enable the STB to quickly and efficiently respond to
issues. The bill would also allow the board to initiate investigations,
rather than just respond to complaints, and would require the STB to
establish a database of complaints and prepare quarterly reports on
them. Finally, the bill would reform the case review process and codify
the arbitration process for rate dispute cases and carrier service
complaints. This legislation passed the Senate Commerce Committee without
amendment on September 17,
2014.
Through letters, meetings, hearings, and now through
legislation, Senator Thune continues fighting on behalf of South Dakota shippers
and is pursuing solutions to address the shortage of railcars and
locomotives and delivery delays. For a complete outline of Senator
Thunes work to reduce the rail service backlog, visit his
website .
Thune Introduces Bill to
Block Most Costly and Burdensome EPA Regulation in
History
On September 17, 2014, Senator Thune introduced the Clean Air,
Strong Economies (CASE) Act
(S.
2833) . This legislation would prevent the Environmental Protection Agency
(EPA) from implementing what is expected to be its most costly
regulation ever: lowering the National Ambient Air Quality Standards (NAAQS)
to an unprecedentedly low level. The CASE Act would require the EPA to
focus on the worst areas for smog before lowering the NAAQS in areas
such as Western South Dakota.
In
2008, the permitted level of smog was lowered from 84 parts per billion
(ppb) to the current 75 ppb. Counties that exceed the smog level are
considered non-attainment areas and must implement expensive plans to
reach compliance. Senator Thunes bill would block the EPA from
lowering the NAAQS below 75 ppb until 85 percent of the current
non-attainment counties achieve compliance with the existing standard. Currently,
221 counties in 27 states are considered to be in non-attainment, none
of which is in South Dakota. The legislation would also require the
EPA to consider the costs and feasibility of the lower standard,
something the EPA currently does not consider. Finally, the bill would
prohibit the EPA from using unreliable modeling to expand non-attainment
areas into hundreds of rural counties that would otherwise not be hit by
this expensive
regulation.
Senator Thune believes the EPA needs to focus its efforts on areas
already struggling with smog, not burden American industry with a
job-killing regulation that could damage our economy and raise energy prices
for American families. According to the EPAs own
estimates , the cost of this proposal may reach $90
billion per year. Industry
estimates
indicate that the 60 ppb standard could lead to 2.9 million fewer
jobs, reduce economic growth by $270 billion, and shut down one-third
of all coal-fired power plant capacity. This would have a tremendous
impact on rural areas, which depend on coal as an affordable and
reliable source of energy. In South Dakota alone, the lower standard could
cost thousands of jobs in manufacturing, mining, and construction. A
National Association of Manufacturers report found
here
details the heavy cost of compliance in South
Dakota.
Thune Introduces Legislation to Prevent EPA From
Garnishing Wages
On September 15, 2014, Senator Thune
joined Senator Mike Johanns (R-Nebraska) in introducing legislation,
S. 2809 , to prohibit the
Environmental Protection Agency (EPA) from garnishing wages without a court
order. On July 2, 2014, the EPA circumvented the traditional rule-making
process by assuming authority to garnish wages through a direct final
rule. The EPA reportedly did so because it assumed the new authority
would not be controversial. On July 16, 2014, the EPA pulled the
direct final rule due to backlash from Congress and the American public.
However, EPA officials have said they will continue pursuing this
authority through traditional rule-making. Senator Thune believes this
overreach by the Obama EPA is particularly concerning in light of recent
EPA proposals like the redefinition of Waters of the U.S., which
could impose heavy fines on some farmers, ranchers, and
landowners.
The Johanns-Thune legislation
specifically states the EPA must receive a court order before taking any
wage garnishment actions established by the 1996 Debt Collection
Improvement Act, which gave federal agencies the authority to garnish up
to 15 percent of a workers wages to pay debts owed to the federal
government. Given the aggressive regulatory regime at the Obama EPA,
particularly regarding rural America and agriculture, a court order should
be required to prevent
overreach.
Thune Leads Delegation
Letter Asking FEMA to Expedite Sioux Falls Flood
Map
Following Hurricane Katrina in 2005, the Federal Emergency Management
Agency (FEMA) issued new 100-year flood maps that resulted in nearly
1,600 additional Sioux Falls businesses and homeowners being required to
purchase costly federal flood insurance. Earlier this month, Senator
Thune led Senator Tim Johnson (D-South Dakota) and Representative
Kristi Noem (R-South Dakota) in sending a
letter
to FEMA Director Craig Fugate calling on the agency to
develop a new flood map for Sioux Falls as soon as possible to reflect
the levee upgrades along the Big Sioux River and Skunk
Creek.
In 2008, Thune worked directly with the
city and the Army Corps of Engineers on a plan to expedite construction
of these upgraded levees by allowing the city to fund the outstanding
federal cost of the project in advance and later be reimbursed by the
Corps. This agreement led to a less costly and more timely completion
of the levees, and last year the city was reimbursed by the Corps for
the federal share of the project.
Now that the levees along the Big Sioux River and Skunk Creek
have been upgraded and certified, it is up to FEMA to issue a new flood
map reflecting the new, smaller flood plain in Sioux Falls. Once FEMA
issues the new flood maps, local residents and businesses will no
longer be required to purchase federal flood insurance policies.
The delegation letter reiterates
how critical it is that FEMA work with the city in a timely manner to
approve a new flood map that accurately reflects the enhanced flood
protection provided by these important improvements. Absent expedited
approval, FEMA has stated that it could take up to two years to issue new
flood maps.
Thune Calls for the Administrations Plan
to Deal With U.S. Passport Holders Fighting Alongside
ISIS
VIDEO : Senator Thune joins CNN's Brianna Keilar to discuss
U.S. passport holders joining
ISIS.
On September 11, 2014, Senator Thune (R-South Dakota) and Senator
Bob Corker (R-Tennessee) led a group of 14 senators in sending a
letter
to Secretary of State John
Kerry and Homeland Security Secretary Jeh Johnson calling for the
administrations plan for dealing with U.S. and visa waiver passport holders
suspected of fighting alongside ISIS and other terrorist organizations.
Intelligence suggests
approximately 100 U.S. citizens are currently operating in Syria and that
dozens are fighting alongside ISIS. The Department of State confirmed
in May that an American citizen was involved in a suicide bombing in
Syria, and other reports confirmed that in June two American passport
holders from Minnesota were killed in Syria while fighting alongside
ISIS.
On September 3, 2014,
Secretary of Defense Chuck Hagel acknowledged the security risk to the
United States, but the administration has yet to offer a comprehensive plan
to track these individuals and prevent their return to the United
States. In their letter, Senators Thune and Corker encourage the
administration to use existing provisions of the law, including the FBIs
No-Fly List and authority granted to the secretary of state to revoke
U.S. passports in cases where an individual is perceived to pose a
serious national security threat, to deal with the danger posed by these
individuals.
E-MAIL
UPDATES
Yes, please periodically send
me e-mail updates.* Click Here
*By subscribing to my
e-mail updates, you are authorizing me
to send regular e-mail updates from my office to your e-mail
account.
Please Feel Free to Tell a
Friend
E-mail:
E-mail:
E-mail:
Read Senator
Thune's Weekly Columns for
September
9/26 |
Combatting the EPA's Most Costly
Regulation in History
9/19 |
Rail Service
Challenges Provide Opportunity to Address Needed
Reforms
9/12 |
Growing Importance of Health
IT
9/05 |
Lessons
From the Locker
Room
INTERACTIVE MAP:
Click on a camera icon on this interactive map to
view historic South Dakota images and maps from the past 125
years.
Senator Thune speaks at the South Dakota
Stockgrowers Association Convention in Rapid City.
Senator Thune and Kimberley enjoy the Buffalo Roundup in Custer
State Park.
Senator Thune chats with middle and high
school students in Faith.
Following a school assembly, Senator Thune answers questions from Philip
students.
Senator Thune speaks to the Mitchell
Kiwanis Club.
Senator Thune speaks to the
Yankton High School AP government class.
Senator Thune answers questions following his
address to the Yankton Kiwanis Club.
Senator Thune speaks
to students at a Kadoka School assembly.
Washington Office
Senator John Thune |
511 Dirksen Senate Office Building |
Washington, DC 20510
Phone: (202)
224-2321 |
Fax: (202) 228-5429 |
Toll-Free: 1-866-850-3855
Sioux Falls
320 North Main
Avenue,
Suite B
Sioux Falls, SD 57104
Phone: (605) 334-9596
Rapid City
1313 West Main Street
Rapid City, SD 57701
Phone:
(605) 348-7551
Aberdeen
320 South 1st Street,
Suite
101
Aberdeen, SD 57401
Phone: (605) 225-8823
Click Here to Reply or to
Contact Senator John Thune
Unsubscribe
|
Update My Profile
|
Privacy Policy
gateway mail end
