
If
you are having trouble viewing this message or would like to share it
on a social network, you can
view the message online .
About
Contact
Services
Media
Center
Legislation
Issues
Resources
October 19, 2014
Friends,
In the last few weeks, the tragic Ebola epidemic in
West Africa has hit home as we've witnessed the first death and
transmissions in America. Additionally, news that the second health care
worker to contract the disease was able to board a commercial airplane
while being monitored for signs of infection is deeply troubling. I know
that everyone is concerned and I want to assure you that I share your
concerns.
It is important to know, though, that there is
absolutely no reason to panic and the risk of an Ebola outbreak in the United
States is extremely low.
That being said, we must be vigilant
and take every commonsense precaution to help prevent the spread of
this horrific disease and protect the health and security of the
American people.
So far I have been extremely disappointed with the President
and his Administration's response to this situation. Despite repeated
assurances and expressions of utmost confidence that we were prepared to
deal with this threat, we have seen inexcusable breaches of protocol
that call into question the competency of those tasked with this
effort.
Given the potential threat this deadly virus poses to our
national security, it is absolutely critical that we proactively
examine our procedures and utilize every layer of security to prevent a
tragic situation from becoming worse.
This past week, in light of all
these developments, I took several steps as Chairman of the
Transportation Security Subcommittee to urge the Administration to ramp up
security measures to better protect public health. First, I joined
Homeland Security Chairman Michael McCaul (R-TX) and my fellow subcommittee
chairs to call on the Departments of Homeland Security and State to
impose enhanced travel restrictions
and
temporarily suspend the visas of all individuals from the affected West
African nations until the outbreak is under
control.
Second, I
urged Centers for Disease Control and Prevention (CDC) Director Thomas
Frieden
to update the CDC's "Do Not Board" list
which is enforced by the Transportation Security Administration (TSA).
Reports that the second Dallas health care worker to test positive for
Ebola notified CDC personnel of an elevated temperature and was not
advised to avoid travel are deeply troubling.
Therefore, I urged
the CDC to eliminate that potential for error and temporarily restrict
the travel of anyone being monitored or under quarantine by placing
them on the "Do Not Board" list.
Again, I know everyone is
rightfully concerned, but I also want to reassure everyone that there is no
reason to panic or interrupt your daily lives.
These are
commonsense precautions that the Administration should have taken months ago
to prevent this tragic situation from ever occurring.
The
good news is our health care professionals in North Carolina and all over
the country are the best in the world and we have the ability to stop
this situation from becoming worse.
As your representative, I will
continue to closely monitor the federal government's response to this threat
and will continue to urge the Administration to take a more proactive
and assertive leadership role in containing the spread of this
virus.
Until next week,
Richard
Hudson
Member of Congress
(NC-08)
Concord Office
325 McGill Ave, NW
Suite
500
Concord, NC 28027
Phone: (704)
7861612
Rockingham Office
1015 Fayetteville Rd
Rockingham,
NC 28379
Phone: (910) 9972070
Washington D.C.
Office
429 Cannon HOB
Washington, DC 20515
Phone: (202) 2253715
Unsubscribe
|
Update My Profile
|
Privacy Policy
