
If you are having trouble viewing
this message or would like to share it on a social network, you can
view the message
online .
October 26, 2014
Website
|
About Me
|
Contact Me
|
Serving You
|
Media Center
|
Legislative Work
|
Our District
|
Resources
Dear Friends,
Environmental Groups Inhibit New Mexicans from Using National
Forests
In
the second district of New Mexico, we have four national forests in
whole or in part. It is the job of the Forest Service to ensure that our
national forests are preserved, but also to ensure that they are kept
open for outdoor recreation and resource development that does not
harm the environment. Hundreds of thousands of people from across the
country come to New Mexico to enjoy fishing, hunting, hiking, camping,
and the numerous other recreational activities that our national forests
provide every year. The water in our national forests is used to
support New Mexicos cattle and agriculture industries, and the trees
support our timber industry. New Mexicos national forests also
create a large amount of economic activity through tourism and responsible
production.
As one can
easily tell, New Mexicos national forests satisfy a number of
different needs. This is why I am dismayed that radical environmental groups
from outside of our state continually attempt to close off great
swaths of our national forests. These continued attempts to expand and
even create new wilderness area will have a devastating impact on
thousands of New Mexicans. These environmental groups will inhibit everyday
New Mexicans from using our national forests for recreational
activities and the enjoyment of property rights.
To read my Op-Ed article on this, please
click here .
Standing with the People
I was proud to stand with local, elected officials and
the people of Grants at a public meeting in Grants this month. During
the meeting, I questioned U.S. Forest Service and Cibola National Forest
officials about plans to add more wilderness area to the forest. It
is important that the people who are affected by this plan are heard.
We will continue to do as much as possible to keep the discussion
going, and ensure that the U.S. Forest Service knows the importance of
keeping public lands open and accessible for all
uses.
To read an article published in the
Cibola Beacon about the meeting I attended in Grants, please
click here .
Religious Freedom Clause Specifically Designed to Protect Us
from Oppression of Government
I am shocked that the City of Houston would issue subpoenas for
the sermons and other speeches of pastors. This is an outrageous
violation of our Constitutional Rights.
The Freedom of Religion clause was specifically designed to
protect religious liberty from the oppression of government. Now we
see polit ically
motivated retaliation by the liberal government of the City of Houston
against churches. These pastors had preached about their faith and
values. Now they are being targeted by an angry government.
If
this doesn't rattle you to your core, nothing will. We have entered
into a dangerous time in our country. Special interests are perverting
the power of government to not only advance their agenda, but
criminalize those who disagree with them. We saw it with the IRS being ordered
to target conservatives. We see the Houston government now abusing its
power to silence anyone who disagrees with it.
The
Houston City Attorney apparently even boasted that he had the right to go
after Pastors in the pulpit. "If someone is speaking from the pulpit
and it's political speech, then it's not going to be protected," Feldman
said.
This targeting people for their beliefs is not
permitted in America. I stand with the pastors and people of Houston in
opposition to this act of tyranny and threat to religious
freedom.
Congratulations to
WSMR
Congratulations to
White Sands Missile Range for being awarded the 2014 Secretary of the
Army Energy and Water Management Award for Small Group Achievement in
Renewable and Alternatives Energy. WSMR reports that the facility will
have an annual cost avoidance of $698,000 and save 30,000 million BTU
per year.
WSMR
constructed a $16.8 million, 4.5 MW ground-mounted solar photovoltaic
power plant system over 42 acres. The plant's construction was funded
through an Energy Savings Performance Contract and completed in
December 2012. The system tracks the sun across the sky, and includes a
solar carport with a two-car charging system that charges electric
vehicles and provides power for the headquarters building. Power not used by
the headquarters building is redirected to the government-owned
distribution system, for use by other facilities. All energy generated is
used by the installation.
Time and a gain, WSMR proves it is one of the premier installations in the
nation. New Mexico and the nation continues to benefit from the missions
and the work that WSMR achieves.
Tragedy in Ottawa
I was saddened to learn of the shootings in
Ottawa Wednesday, Oct. 22, at Canada's Parliament and the National War
Memorial. I ask that you join me in praying for the soldier who lost his
life while standing guard at the memorial, and all of the first
responders who bravely answered the call. The US and Canada have a special
relationship politically and economically. We share in the grief of our
neighbors to the north in the face of this frightening and
unspeakable tragedy.
Office Hours
My
staff holds office hours throughout the district each week to answer
questions, discuss any ideas or concerns you might have, or assist you
with casework or issues related to a federal agency. Next week, staff
will be in Alamogordo, Hobbs and Carlsbad. For details, or to set
up an appointment, please contact my office at
1-855-4-PEARCE.
Alamogordo: 1:30-4 p.m., Nov.
4. Otero County Administration Building, 1101 New York Ave, Room
115.
Hobbs: 10 a.m.
to noon, Nov. 5. Office of Steve Pearce, 200 E. Broadway, Suite
200.
Carlsbad: 2-4 p.m.,
Nov. 5. Eddy County Administration Building, Room 210, 101
W. Greene Street.
Have you heard
"Congressional Review" this week?
Every weekend, I'm on the radio across
New Mexico discussing important legislation, events in New Mexico, and
my work in Congress.
Be sure to tune in!
If you haven't
heard the show, call your local radio station to ask when Congressional
Review is on the air in your
hometown.
Remember, I always look
forward to hearing your thoughts on how to help job growth, veterans, and
other issues important to New Mexicans.
If you have any ideas,
suggestions, or concerns, you can contact my office
through
Facebook ,
Twitter ,
email ,
my website
or by calling
855-4-PEARCE.
God bless you,
and God bless America.
STEVE PEARCE
Member of
Congress
Washington, DC
2432 Rayburn House Office Building |
Washington, DC 20515
Phone: 855-4-PEARCE (732723) or (202)
225-2365
Las
Cruces
570 N Telshor Blvd
Las Cruces, NM 88011
Phone:
855-4-PEARCE (732723)
Roswell
1717 W 2nd Street, Suite
100
Roswell, NM 88201
Phone: 855-4-PEARCE (732723)
Socorro
111 School of Mines Road
Socorro, NM 87801
Phone:
855-4-PEARCE (732723)
Alamogordo
1101 New York Avenue, Room 115
Alamogordo, NM
88310
Phone: 855-4-PEARCE (732723)
Hobbs
200 East Broadway, Suite
200
Hobbs, NM 88240
Phone: 855-4-PEARCE (732723)
Los
Lunas
3445 Lambros Loop NE
Los Lunas, NM 87031
Phone:
855-4-PEARCE (732723)
Update My Profile
-
Unsubscribe
-
Privacy
Policy
gateway mail end 