
If you are
having trouble viewing this message or would like to share it on a
social network, you can
view the message online .
Unsubscribe
Update My Profile
Jose E. Serrano, Representing the 15th
Congressional District in the Bronx
Website
|
Biography
|
Services
|
Press Releases
|
Issues
|
Legislation
|
Contact
October 24, 2014
In
the Bronx
Congressman Serrano
Honored by the Wildlife Conservation Society and the Bronx Zoo for his
Efforts in Restoring the Bronx River
Yesterday,
Congressman Serrano was honored yesterday at a reception following a
conference at the Bronx Zoo titled: Reclaiming a River, Conservation and
Community.
The event was sponsored by the Wildlife
Conservation Society, the National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration, and
other partners. Congressman Serrano received the award for his
unwavering support of efforts to restore the Bronx and the Harlem
Rivers.
I am proud to have been honored at the Bronx Zoo for my
support of efforts to clean up and restore the Bronx River," said
Congressman Serrano. I share my award with all the great folks who never gave
up on the river and the neighborhood around it.
Rep. Serrano
being honored yesterday after the Wildlife Conservation Society-Bronx
Zoos conference: Reclaiming a River, Conservation and
Community.
Congressman Serrano honored by
Urban Health Plan for his 40 years of Public
Service
Yesterday, Congressman Serrano was honored by Urban Health Plan in
their 40 th
Anniversary Gala Crimson Ball" for his 40 years
as an elected official. Urban Health Plan's mission is to improve the
health of underserved communities by providing affordable,
comprehensive, and high quality medical care.
Rep. Serrano at Urban Health
Plans 40 th
Anniversary Gala Crimson
Ball.
Congressman Serrano Helps Inaugurate New Home for
Center for Sustainable Energy
Last Friday,
Congressman Serrano helped inaugurate the Center for Sustainable Energys new
home at the Bronx Community College Centers Snow
Hall.
Congressman Serrano helped secure nearly $5 million in funding for the
creation and development of the Center for Sustainable Energy.
A significant portion of these funds were used for the construction of
the Centers new facilities at BCCs Snow Hall. For more information
about the Center for Sustainable Energy, click
HERE .
It was an honor to join staff and students from the
Center for Sustainable Energy to inaugurate its new state-of-the-art
facilities.
This unique initiative is not only producing
innovative academic work in the renewable energy field
here in the Bronx,
it is also helping position the Bronx and New York City to take
advantage of future economic opportunities in the green energy sector. I am
happy that I was able to facilitate the creation of this important
research and educational Center by helping secure funding in Congress
and thrilled to see it reach this important moment, said Congressman
Serrano.
Congressman Jos E. Serrano (D-NY15,
the Bronx) cuts the ribbon to officially inaugurate the Center for
Sustainable Energys new home at Bronx Community Colleges Snow
Hall.
The construction of the new facilities was possible thanks to
Congressman Serranos efforts to secure nearly $5 million in funding for the
Center for Sustainable Energy.
Reps. Serrano, Crowley
Applaud Completion of Soundview Park Waterfront Restoration
Project
Last Friday, Congressman Jos E. Serrano (D- NY15, the
Bronx) and Joseph Crowley (D-NY14, Queens) applauded the completion of
the Soundview Park Salt Marsh Restoration Project in the Bronx, which
was partly made
possible thanks to their efforts in Congress to
secure federal funds by earmarking $4.5 million from the U.S. Army
Corps of Engineers.
The restoration project was also financed
through a federal, state, and local agencies cost-sharing partnership that
amounted to more than $9 million. More details regarding the funding
of the project can be found on
NYC Parks &amp;
Recreation
website.
Quotes from Congressman Serrano and
Crowley are below:
During my years of service in Congress,
I have always made it a priority to protect the environment and fight
for environmental justice in the Bronx. Thanks to this project, Bronx
residents will now live in a cleaner and healthier environment, and
be able to enjoy nature in an urban environment, said Congressman
Serrano. I am incredibly proud of having helped make this beautiful and
important project a reality by helping secure funding for its
realization. This is a fine example of what can be achieved when federal, state
and local agencies join efforts, and I applaud the Army Corps of
Engineers and NYC Parks for successfully bringing it to completion.
Since the projects groundbreaking in 2011, all of us who helped
launch it have been looking forward to this moment.
The
revitalization of Soundview Park is a transformative investment for the
people of the Bronx and the health of our ecosystem, said Congressman Joe
Crowley. I was proud to join Congressman Serrano in steering federal
dollars to the borough to make this project a reality and I thank the
Army Corps of Engineers and the NYC Department of Parks for seeing it
through. I am thrilled to have been a part of this collaborative
effort to restore the Gateway to the Bronx River to its natural beauty,
protect one of our great ecological resources and help build a better
Bronx for all to enjoy.
In New York City
Serrano Testifies Before
New York City Council in Support of the National Museum of the
American Latino
Last Tuesday, Congressman Jos E. Serrano
(D-NY) testified before the New York City Council Committee on
Cultural Affairs, Libraries, and International Intergroup Relations in
support of establishing the Smithsonian National American Latino Museum and
passing key legislation in Congress (H.R. 1217 in the House of
Representatives and S. 568 in the U.S. Senate) to designate the Arts and
Industries Building in Washington, DC as the future site of the
museum.
The Committee held a hearing on Resolution 405-2014. The
resolutions calls upon Congress to pass and the President to sign H.R.
1217 and S. 568 to establish the Smithsonian American Latino Museum and
designate the Arts and Industries Building as its future location in
Washington, D.C.
Congressman Serranos testimony included
remarks on the contributions of Latinos and Latinas to our nation, the
lack of Latino representation in the Smithsonian Institutions, and the
need to include the contributions of Latinos in the U.S. territories.
Estuardo Rodriguez, Executive Director of Friends of the National
Museum of the American Latino; Cid Wilson, Chair of the Board of Friends
of the National Museum of the American Latino; Juan Cartagena,
President and General Counsel of Latino Justice PRLDEF; and Jorge Daniel
Veneciano, Executive Director of El Museo del Barrio also
testified.
Read Congressman Serranos Testimony as Prepared for Delivery
HERE .
In
Washington
Congressman Serrano on
World Food Day
On October 16, World Food Day ,
Congressman Jos E. Serrano released the following
statement:
World Food Day serves as a reminder of the food insecurity that
communities in our nation and around the world are experiencing. Here in the
United States, major cuts to anti-hunger and nutrition programs, such
as the Supplemental Nutrition Assistance Program (SNAP), have resulted
in more people going without food.
SNAP is a critical
program that 47 million Americans rely on. According to the Center on
Budget and Policy Priorities, approximately two-thirds of its recipients
are children, elderly, or disabled.
Taking in consideration this
data, it is baffling and disappointing to see House Republicans
continuously working to cut billions of dollars from SNAP. Their efforts to
cut funding for this important program is clear indication that they
prefer to put partisan ideology before the welfare of millions of
Americans.
Globally, millions of people go to bed hungry every
night. Malnutrition and widespread food insecurity are the leading
causes of child deaths around the world. No one should ever have to
suffer through the pain of hunger, especially in this day and age when we
have so many resources and have made so many technological
advances.
Every day, I am moved by the individuals and organizations
that work to combat this issue in my district and abroad. We must keep
on supporting the efforts of food pantries, soup kitchens, and
anti-hunger organizations fighting to end food hardship. I will continue to
stand against heartless policy actions that leave our most vulnerable
populations hungry.
Congressman
Serrano Statement on National Minimum Wage Day
On
October 10, National Minimum Wage Day, Congressman Jos
E. Serrano (D-NY) called for a minimum wage increase from $7.25 for $10.10 per
hour.
All across America, millions of minimum wage
workers are working hard, sometimes multiple jobs, but they still
struggle to make ends meet. American workers need and deserve a pay raise.
Increasing the minimum wage to $10.10 per hour will help them better
provide for themselves and their families, strengthen our communities,
and boost our national economy, said Congressman Serrano. The
overwhelming majority of the American peopleDemocrats and Republicans
alikeunderstand that this is the right thing to do for our families and
for our economy.
And yet in the past two years, Republicans have
consistently blocked legislation to raise the minimum wage. We need to
pass this common sense legislation. Republicans need to come to the
table and help Democrats pass the Fair Minimum Wage Act (H.R.
1010)
According to a district-by-district study recently released by
OXFAM, a minimum wage increase would benefit more than 25 million
workers nationwide, including more than a million in New York and 65,000
in Serranos congressional district (NY-15). OXFAMs study and data
can be accessed
HERE .
Congressman Serrano on Supreme Court Marriage Equality
Action
Earlier this month, Rep. Jos E. Serrano
(D-NY) applauded the
U.S. Supreme Courts
decision
to let stand circuit court rulings in favor of marriage
equality in five states: Indiana, Oklahoma, Utah, Virginia and Wisconsin.
The decision will immediately increase the number of states where
gay marriage is legal from 19 to 24, along with the District of
Columbia
Today is a great day for the LGBT community
nationwide and for the progress of our nation. Here in New York, the LGBT
community already has the right to marry, but all throughout the nation
millions of LGBT couples are still suffering the emotional, legal, and
financial effects of not being able to marry the person they love. With
todays Supreme Court decision to decline review of these challenges
to lower court decisions requiring marriage equality, same-sex marriage
will be legal in almost half the states in our nation, bringing us
one step closer to living in a nation where discriminatory marriage laws
are a thing of the past. We have come a long way on this issue over
the years, but we cant give up until all LGBT Americans
constitutional and civil rights are respected under U.S. federal law. Congress must
come together to pass the Respect for Marriage Act and fully repeal
the Defense of Marriage Act to guarantee that all families are fully
recognized under the
law.
Congressman Serrano receives 100% Score from the Human Right Campaign for his
Support of LGBT Equality
Congressman Jos E.
Serrano (D-NY) also received a 100% score from the Human Rights Campaign
on their
Congressional Scorecard for the 113th
Congress.
Serrano received the perfect score for his voting record in
support of Lesbian, Gay, Bisexual, and Transgender (LGBT) equality
legislation.
It is an honor to once again be recognized by
the Human Rights Campaign with a perfect score on their Congressional
scorecard. We have been able to advance historic legislation for the
LGBT community during the 113th Congress, and I am proud to be a part of
these efforts by supporting every single legislation that seeks to
expand LGBT equality.
The scorecard also took into
consideration members support for marriage equality, which I support and
strongly believe should be recognized at the federal level. Everyone
in America should be free to marry the person they love regardless of
where they live.
Congress needs to come together to pass the
Respect for Marriage Act and fully repeal the Defense of Marriage Act.
That is the only way we will be able to guarantee that LGBT couples can
marry and be recognized in every state.
We have made great
advances on this issue over the years, but we still have a long way
to go. We cant give up until all LGBT Americans constitutional and
civil rights are respected under U.S. federal law. Love is love, and the
gay community should not be discriminated against or prevented from
pursuing their happiness through marriage if they so choose. I applaud
the work of the Human Rights Campaign in support of gay rights and I
look forward to continue supporting LGBT equality in
Congress,
More details on the Human Rights Campaign 113th Congressional
Scorecard can be accessed
HERE .
Grant
Announcement
Personnel Development to Improve Services and Results for Children
with Disabilities Grant
Deadline: December 5, 2014
The Department of Education has made funding
available through its Office of Special Education and Rehabilitative
Services agency that will support interested parties in providing personnel
development for children with disabilities. The purpose of this
program is to help address state-identified needs for personnel
preparation in special education, early intervention, related services, and
regular education to work with children, including infants and toddlers,
with disabilities. The funds will help ensure that personnel receive
the necessary skills and knowledge, derived from practices that have
been determined through scientifically based research and experience,
to be successful in serving those children. All institutions of
higher education and private nonprofits are encouraged to
apply.
Please follow this link for the full grant announcement
http://www.grants.gov/web/grants/view-opportunity.html?oppId=268977 .
The Big Read Program Grant
Deadline: January
28, 2015
The National Endowment for the Arts
(NEA) and ArtsMidwest have made grants between $2,500 and $20,000 available
through its Big Read Program. This program is designed to restore
reading to American culture. A report by the National Endowment for the
Arts, found that not only is literary reading in America declining
rapidly among all groups, but that the rate of decline has accelerated,
especially among youth.
The Big Read provides organizations
with grants and comprehensive resources that support their efforts to
inspire their community to read. Eligible applicants include
organizations such as literary centers, libraries, museums, colleges and
universities, art centers, historical societies, arts councils, tribal
governments, humanities councils, literary festivals, and arts
organization.
Please follow this link for the full grant announcement:
http://www.neabigread.org/guidelines.php .
For more information about federal grants please visit
http://www.grants.gov .
Double-click here to
add your own content to this area or hover your mouse cursor to see more
options.
CONTACT INFORMATION
WASHINGTON OFFICE
2227 Rayburn House Office
Building
Washington, D.C. 20515-3216
Phone: (202)
225-4361
Fax: (202) 225-6001
BRONX
OFFICE
1231 Lafayette Avenue, 4th Floor
The Bronx, NY
10474
Phone: (718) 620-0084
Fax: (718) 620-0658
Contact Jose Serrano by
E-mail:
CLICK HERE
Update My
Profile
-
Unsubscribe
-
Privacy Policy
