
If you
are having trouble viewing this message or would like to share it on a
social network, you can
view the message online .
HOME
|
ABOUT
|
CONTACT
|
HOW CAN I HELP
|
MEDIA
|
ISSUES
|
THE 12TH DISTRICT
|
LEGISLATION
Dear David,
Jobs, Jobs,
Jobs
In the poll my constituents answered two weeks ago, Jobs and the
Economy was seen as the second most important issue, just shy of
immigration, receiving 20.6% of the vote.
Unfortunately, Americans across the country are still
discouraged by the economy.
72% of the
American
people do not believe the recession has actually come to an end.
Ronald Reagan famously said, A recession is when your neighbor loses
their job; a depression is when you lose yours. Right now, too many
Americans across the country are struggling to find
work.
Jobs and the economy has always been a
top priority of mine, and I am glad to know it is equally as important
to my constituents. Let me tell you about the work I have done in the
House to create jobs.
Brand
USA
Tourism is an integral part of our economy
especially in Florida.
Increased tourism means more jobs across America. Make no mistake
my bill to reauthorize Brand USA is a jobs bill.
Direct
spending by resident and international travelers in the U.S. averaged
$28,154 a second. That is $2.4 billion a
day. Such expenditures can boost the health of a local
economy.
I am proud that my
colleagues have joined me in a bipartisan effort to pass H.R. 4450 by an
overwhelming vote of 347-57 in the House of Representatives, continuing the
Houses track record of passing meaningful, impactful bills to help
Americans across the country. It is my hope the Senate will pass the
companion bill
S. 2250
without delay.
Flood Insurance
An important aspect of a healthy and thriving
economy is working to ensure Americans have more disposable income. Lower
energy costs, lower taxes
these are just two broad principles that
let Americans keep more of their hard-earned money and spend it how
they see fit.
Earlier
this year, a large number of my constituents were suffering from flood
insurance rate increases in the tens of thousands of dollars because of
FEMAs disastrous implementation of the Biggert-Waters
Act.
In response to this, H.R. 3370,
the Homeowner Flood Insurance Affordability Act, was introduced. I
was part of a small, bipartisan group of legislators who contributed to
the drafting and passage of this legislation. In this instance,
Republicans and Democrats came together and solved the problem for people
who were suffering.
My constituents are my
priority, not politics.
Had these flood insurance rate increases not been
addressed, the damage to the economy would have been
twofold:
First, individuals and families would have been burdened
by flood insurance that was, in many cases, more expensive than their
mortgage. The loss of disposable income would have hurt the local
economy; and
Second, increased rates would have
resulted in businesses leaving the state, taking valuable jobs with
them.
The
Homeowner Flood Insurance Affordability Act was signed into law on March 21,
2014, mitigating the outrageous increases in flood insurance and
allowing Floridians to keep more of their hard-earned
dollars.
Affordable Energy
I have continuously heard from working
families about how rising gas prices were negatively impacting their
household budgets. The House recently passed the American Energy Solutions
for Lower Costs and More American Jobs Act. This bill is a substantive
step towards more affordable energy prices and job creation across the
country.
In addition
to higher costs at the pump, rising fuel prices have led to increases
in groceries and utilities. Domestic energy production helps middle
class Americans with these everyday costs. I want affordable energy
prices and well-paying jobs for my constituents and Americans across the
country. We must unleash American energy, which will create jobs,
strengthen our economy, and improve our energy security
no one should
disagree with that.
Sincerely,
Gus Bilirakis
Member of Congress
Unsubscribe
|
Update My Profile
|
Privacy Policy
