
NOTE: Please DO NOT respond to this email as this inbox is unattended. To contact my office please
click here
ABOUT
SERVICES
ISSUES &amp; LEGISLATION
MEDIA CENTER
RESOURCES
CONTACT
ESPAOL
Update on the First Case of Ebola in Dallas, TX
Dear Friends,
On Tuesday, September 30, 2014 the Center for Disease Control (CDC) confirmed through laboratory tests, the first case of Ebola to be diagnosed in the United States is a man who traveled to Dallas, Texas from Liberia.
Thomas Duncan,
who traveled to
Dallas from Liberia
has been found to have Ebola, the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention reported on Tuesday. He was screened for fever before boarding the plane
a standard airport procedure in Liberia
and showed no symptoms at that time.
Officials have reported that the man was screened for fever before boarding the place
a standard airport procedure in Liberia
and showed no symptoms at that time. He developed symptoms approximately five days after arriving in the United States.
Mr. Duncan sought medical care at Texas Health Presbyterian Hospital of Dallas after developing symptoms consistent with Ebola and is currently being quarantined at the hospital, while family members who he had direct contact with are quarantined within the home.
Presbyterian Hospital Epidemiologist Edward Goodman and Dallas County Health and Human Services Director Zachary Thompson assured us yesterday that an emergency plan has been in place for months in the event of an Ebola case.
We know that Ebola only becomes infectious once the patient is exhibiting symptoms such as fever, diarrhea, and nausea.
As Dallas County continues to work in tandem with the Centers for Disease Control (CDC) and Texas Department of State Health Services to prevent the further spread of the virus, constituents are reminded to:
Call 3-1-1, should you have any non-emergency questions or need updates regarding the Ebola virus.
Call 9-1-1, if you are feeling any of the
immediate symptoms as identified by the CDC .
The Centers for Disease Control and Prevention (CDC) has developed a number of Ebola resources for the general public. Information is available on the CDC website and is updated daily at:
http://www.cd c.gov/vhf/ebola/
NOTE: Please DO NOT respond to this email as this inbox is unattended. To contact my office please
click here
UNSUBSCRIBE
|
PRIVACY POLICY
|
CONTACT US
Click Here Click Here