
If you are having trouble viewing this message or would like to share
it on a social network, you can
view the message online .
Website
About David
Contact
Serving
You
Media
Center
Legislative Work
District
October 03, 2014
Making America a Center for
Innovation
This week I had the privilege to
address the future of energy efficiency in a speech to the
World Energy Engineering Congress . Often, the focus in
Washington is on the issues that divide us, not those that pull us together
as a nation. We need to move beyond the partisanship and work together
to make energy efficiency a priority.
In Congress, I have
introduced three bipartisan bills dealing with energy efficiency,
including the Energy Efficiency Improvement Act of 2014, which passed the
House earlier this year. I also serve as co-chair of the High
Performance Buildings Caucus.
America is losing its position as a global center of innovation .
America used to be a place where companies came to do research and
development. Now other countries are catching up. In this quest for efficiency,
America can regain its preeminent role as a center of
innovation.
For the last 238 years people across the world have turned to
America for leadership. Were an exceptional country that has produced
great innovations. Congress needs to prove to the American people
that we havent lost that edge. We need to find issues like energy
efficiency where we can find common ground.
The World Energy
Engineering Congress was hosted by the Association of Energy Engineers and
drew hundreds of leaders in the energy field. Former President Bill
Clinton gave the keynote speech at the
conference.
Recognition for Work to Protect Manufacturing in
America
The
National
Association of Manufacturers (NAM)
recognized my work with an award for
Legislative Excellence for achieving a 97% voting record on important
manufacturer issues. Manufacturing employs nearly 12 million men and
women, and contributes more than $1.8 trillion to the U.S. economy. The
NAM represents small and large manufacturers in all 50
states.
In Congress I have worked
to protect
manufacturing jobs and promote growth . Included on the NAMs voting record
were two bills I introduced, the Coal Residuals Reuse and Management Act
(H.R. 2218) and the Energy Efficiency Improvement Act (H.R. 2126),
both of which passed the
House.
Harrison County Receives Resources to Fight Drug
Crimes
This week
Harrison County was designated a
High Intensity Drug Trafficking Area (HIDTA), giving the area
access to valuable resources to combat the scourge of illegal
drugs.
Drug abuse and the criminals who facilitate it scar our
communities and destroy lives. We need to use all the resources at our
disposal to take these criminals off our streets and disrupt the drug trade.
This additional funding allocated through the HIDTA program will go a
long ways to help us fight this epidemic. The drug task force in
Harrison County is ready to use these funds to respond
aggressively.
Created by Congress with the Anti-Drug Abuse
Act of 1988, the HIDTA program
provides assistance to
Federal, state, and local law enforcement agencies to reduce drug
trafficking.
For the past months my office has worked with
the Greater Harrison County Drug and Violent Crimes Task Force to get
the HIDTA designation from the Office of National Drug Control Policy,
including supporting their application with letters and phone
calls.
Not-So-Happy Anniversary to
Healthcare.gov
Wednesday,
October 1 st
marked the anniversary of the roll out of
Healthcare.gov . Despite a price tag of more than $2 billion, the website
still isnt totally secure, and users of the website are still at risk
of identity theft.
Obamacare has not been kind to
Americans
since the exchanges opened and it would only seem natural
that many Americans arent interested in buying a bad product.
As we move into the second open enrollment period,
lets hope for a more secure and functional website. Back in July
the Inspector Generals offices looked at 2.9 million
application inconsistencies from health care forms being filled out
incorrectly . Most of these issues were because the CMS eligibility
system was not fully operational. In other words, they launched the
website without it being
finished.
Woodsdale Elementary Recognized as National Blue Ribbon
School
Woodsdale Elementary School in Wheeling was
recognized this week as a
National Blue Ribbon School for
2014 .
Fewer than 400 schools across the country are
recognized as National Blue Ribbon Schools. In addition to being a
National Blue Ribbon School, Woodsdale has shown its commitment to
academic excellence through being designated as a West Virginia High
Performing Reward School. Woodsdales exemplary curriculum has shown that
its unique collaborative structure, among students, teachers, and
parents, has effectively worked to produce high performing and motivated
young people.
Woodsdale
Elementary School
is well deserving of the National Blue Ribbon award, and
will be able to proudly show the National Blue Ribbon flag on its
entry. Educating the next generation is an important job. Congratulations
Woodsdale on this
recognition.
Constituent Meetings
Throughout October I
will be traveling around the First District meeting with constituents
and visiting local businesses. Keep an eye out, I may be visiting your
town.
If you are ever in the Washington
D.C. office please drop in and say hello. If you want an appointment
just give my office a call at 202-225-4172, or submit a request on my
website at
www.mckinley.house.gov .
What do you think? What do you think the U.S. response should be to the ebola
epidemic? Ban travel
from countries with significant outbreaks Provide more assistance to stricken
countries Increase ebola
screenings Other *By
answering this survey, you are subscribing to my newsletter. If
you are having trouble, click here. Share on
Facebook Share on LinkedIn Share on Twitter Survey Results How serious is the drug abuse problem in West Virginia? Answer Total Very
serious 79.68% Somewhat serious 15.94% Not serious
4.39%
Washington, DC
412
Cannon HOB |
Washington, DC 20515
Phone:
(202) 225-4172 |
Fax: (202) 225-7564
Morgantown
709
Beechurst Ave.
Suite 14B
Morgantown, WV 26505
Phone:
304.284.8506
Wheeling
Horne Building
1100 Main Street, Suite
101
Wheeling, WV 26003
Phone: (304) 232-3801
Fax:
304-232-3813
Parkersburg
Federal
Building
425 Juliana Street
Suite
1004
Parkersburg, WV 26101
Phone: (304) 422-5972
Unsubscribe
|
Update My Profile
|
Privacy Policy
gateway mail end
