
October 24, 2014
The Conaway Chronicle: Upcoming Town Halls, Oil Exports, Support for Farmers Who Have Experienced Drought
__________________________________________
Thank you for reading The Conaway Chronicle, a review of my activities in Congress and the 11th District.
Upcoming Town Halls in Menard and Junction:
On Wed. Oct. 29th, I will be holding town halls in Menard and Junction.
These town halls are a great opportunity to ask me questions and share ideas with me.
Our founding father's created a government that was based on citizens being actively engaged.
Oct: 29th:
3:004:00 p.m.
District Court Room
Kimble County Courthouse
501 Main St.
Junction, TX, 76849
5:006:00 p.m.
Menard County Library
100 E Mission St.
Menard, TX, 76859
Report Says Oil Exports Would Lead to Higher Oil Prices &amp; Lower Gas Prices:
A
report
released by the Government Accountability Office this week concluded that ending our four decade old prohibition on exporting oil could both increase oil prices and lower gas prices.
Just 10 years ago, journalists wrote breathless stories about Americas Achilles Heel
its addiction to foreign oil.
Today, we recognize that America sits on an ocean of oil, recoverable thanks to the genius and gumption of the men and women of the energy industry
many of whom hail from right here in West Texas.
This dramatic reversal in oil and natural gas production requires that we rethink the ban on oil exports.
The Permian Basin is the most productive producing region in America, thanks in no small part to many of our bold, hardworking, and creative neighbors.
I support allowing these talented Americans the opportunity to supply a global market place.
This photograph was taken by Odessa photographer
Robert Flaherty .
Support for Farmers Who Have Experienced Drought:
Farmers in West Texas who have battled drought for several years, received a break this week. The Agriculture Department agreed to provide critical drought relief starting with the 2015 spring crop. Although the Farm Bill required that the provision be implemented for this year's winter wheat crop, the Department had said it would not be available until 2016. I would like to have seen this drought relief made available starting with the winter wheat crop, but I commend Agriculture Secretary Vilsack and Risk Management Agency Administrator Brandon Willis for breaking the bureaucratic logjam to ensure it is available for the 2015 spring crop. Speeding up this relief is crucial, especially to farmers who are coming off of a string of crippling drought years and who now face sharply falling crop prices. The farmers in the 11th District and throughout the country did a great job making sure that the secretary received the message that this delay was unacceptable.
This is a photograph of farmers in Wall harvesting this years cotton crop.
160th Anniversary of the First Baptist Church in Tow:
For 160 years, men and women have been worshiping in the First Baptist Church in Tow.
Church members celebrated this anniversary this past weekend.
As Russell Bertrand, one of the parishioners wrote in a note to me, "Even before Llano was formed as a county, we were worshiping and praying for our young state." Mr. Bertrand added, "We are a small end-of-the road church that loves our Lord, our state, and our country." Our nation's strength in the face of adversity can be directly attributed to small end-of-the road churches like the First Baptist Church in Tow.
St. Ambrose Fall Festival:
St. Ambrose Catholic Church in Wall held its annual Fall Festival on Sunday Oct. 19th. This was the 75th year that the church has held this great event. They usually serve turkey, dressing, and sausage dinner to about 4,000 people. They also have games for the kids, bingo, an auction, and live music. This is one of the many great events that takes place in the towns and cities in the 11th District.
In this photograph of the 2011 Festival that ran in the San Angelo Standard-Times, Kenzie Gonzales, 3, walks away happy with a balloon flower made by Elaine Moore.
Speaking With Students at the Texas State Technical College Campus in Breckenridge:
On Tuesday Oct. 28th at 2:45 I will be meeting with the TSTC Breckenridge campus students at the Breckenridge Technology Center.
The Breckenridge campus is doing a great job preparing men and women to succeed in professions like nursing, technology, and welding.
This event is open to both students and the general public.
As always, you can follow me on
Facebook ,
YouTube , and
Twitter .
Sincerely,
Rep. Mike Conaway, 11th District
Click Here
to view this email in your browser
Click Here
to be removed from this list