 Mail
begin
If you are having
trouble viewing this message or would like to share it on a social
network, you can
view the
message online .
HOME
CONTACT
US
CONSTITUENT SERVICES
ISSUES AND LEGISLATION
October 05, 2014
Mental Health First
Aid :
This week, Fox News posted an article written
by David Johnson, CEO of Bert Nash Community Mental Health Center and
me that details are work with Mental Health First Aid. Here is a short
excerpt:
"From time to time something triggers a nearly
universal reaction across the country. Sadly, this collective
experience is often prompted by a tragedy, one that induces a wave of gasps
soon followed by the unanswerable question -- Why? Whether its the
death of a universally beloved actor by suicide, or an act of horrific,
seemingly arbitrary and unexplainable violence, all too often the
national conversation evolves to include a discussion of mental
illness."
To read the rest of the article,
click here .
Local
Business Tours :
This week, we marked National
Manufacturing Day to celebrate a vital sector of our American economy. In
my continued efforts to visit Kansas producers and manufacturers, I
went on local business tours in Grantville, Perry, Garnett, Burlington,
Osage City, and Atchison.
On Monday, I toured Hamm Quarry
near Grantville to learn about their mining operation and their
concerns with the federal regulatory environment and its impact on jobs in
Northeast Kansas.
Kansas State Representative Ramon Gonzalez and I visited
local businesses in Perry. We discussed the rapid expansion of the
federal government, the need for a secure border, and the need for a
broader plan from President Obama to combat ISIL.
I also had the opportunity to tour
Rickerson Pipe Lining and Hurricane Services, Inc. in Garnett, on
another small business tour as I continue to travel the district to hear
from local owners and employees. It was great to experience and learn
about the innovative techniques being used at both companies and to
see how their businesses are benefiting the local community.
A
special thanks to Prairie Belles Kitchen for hosting a working lunch
with Garnett business owners and leaders Wednesday afternoon. It was
a good opportunity to share my work in Congress, and to hear ideas
from our local leaders.
On Thursday, I
toured Charloma, Inc. in Burlington and learned about their company and
how they produce plastic molds.
After visiting Charloma, Inc., I
continued my local business tour in Osage City and visited Flint Hills
Beverage, Ag Choice, and Asset Life Cycle. It is always beneficial to
listen to our job creators and hear from local businesses about their
impact on our communities and their concerns on a federal level. Also,
a special thanks to Three Sister Market for letting me take a quick
ice cream break!
Womens Health
Center :
It was also an honor to attend and meet with veterans at the
Leavenworth VA Medical Center
Grand Opening
and Ribbon Cutting of the new Women's Health Center. I got to chat with
an amazing lady and WWII veteran who will benefit from the new
Women's Health Center. Our Women Veterans deserve to have the best care
anywhere that includes a full range of high-quality healthcare services
and special programs that fit them and their families needs.
Kansas Rehabilitation
Hospital:
On Monday, I visited Kansas Rehabilitation
Hospital in Topeka, KS. I saw how the facility is managing the digital
integration of medical records, and met one-on-one with a few of the
residents. To watch WIBWs coverage of my visit to Hamm Quarry &amp; the
Kansas Rehabilitation facility,
click
here .
1st Anniversary of ObamaCares Failed
Open Enrollment:
One year into the rollout of
the Presidents disastrous healthcare law, and it still isnt ready.
For the second year in a row, open enrollment for Affordable Care Act
plans has been delayed until after the mid-term elections, with the hope
that Americans wont discover that the Healthcare.gov website still
doesnt work, that they may face higher premiums, and will have less
doctors to choose from.
The President sold this law to the
American people by promising them if they liked their plan, they could
keep itand if they liked their doctor, they could keep their doctor.
The President sold this law by telling the American people it would save
their family $2,500 a year. The President has been fact-checked, this
law has been tested, and it is clear to most Americans that these
broken promises and this broken law continues to
do
more harm , than good.
Yom Kippur
Wishes :
I hope all those observing Yom Kippur this weekend
have an easy fast, as you spend the holiest day of the Jewish year with
your loved ones and congregations.
Share on
Facebook Share on
Twitter
Please Feel Free to Tell a Friend
E-mail:
E-mail:
E-mail:
Washington, DC Office
1027
Longworth HOB
Washington, D.C.
20515
Phone: (202) 225-6601
Fax: (202) 225-7986
Pittsburg Office
1001 N. Broadway
Street #C
Pittsburg, KS
66762
Phone: (620) 231-LYNN (5966)
Fax: (620) 231-5972
Topeka Office
3550 SW
5th Street
Topeka, KS 66606
Phone: (785) 234-LYNN (5966)
Fax: (785) 234-5967
Independence Office
120 N. 6th Street
Independence, KS 67301
Phone: (620) 231-LYNN (5966)
Fax:
(620) 231-5972
Unsubscribe
|
Update My Profile
|
Privacy Policy
