
October Newsletter
September was, without question, our best month of the campaign so far! Thank you to everyone who pitched in by registering new voters, knocking on doors, or making a contribution.
Endorsement Update
Brad earned several more key endorsements over the past few weeks from important organizations that make our communities stronger.
The
Illinois Education Association
endorsed Brad because in Congress, he's standing up for our teachers and fighting attempts to gut critical education funding, like Pell Grants, that millions of students depend on. Read more
here.
The
Police Benevolent &amp; Protective Association
and the
Associated Fire Fighters of Illinois
joined together in proudly standing with Brad for his proven commitment to stand up for first responders.
The
National Association of Police Organizations
added their name to the growing list of endorsements as well, recognizing Brad's record of fighting for our district.
Brad has the support of an impressive and growing group of organizations because they appreciate Brad's priorities, passion, and leadership. View a complete list of endorsements
here.
A New Record in IL-10
On the fundraising side, we achieved something special together -- we raised $1.1 million last quarter. Thank you to the more than 22,000 people who have contributed to this campaign!
The outpouring of support is truly incredible. We couldn't fight back against the nearly $4 million in outside, right-wing money without your help.
Join Our Volunteer Team
With ballots arriving in mailboxes across the 10th District and voters beginning to cast their votes by mail, the work we are doing to talk with voters about this election is becoming more critical each day.
Thanks to your commitment and energy, September has been our most productive month yet in the field. We know that this race will come down to the energy and efforts of our volunteer base, which is why we need your help.
With 6 Democratic Offices now open across the district, there are unlimited opportunities to get involved in your own neighborhood. Sign-up
here
to take action and help make the difference.
Upcoming Events
Monday, October 6th
North Shore Jewish Community Candidate Forum
B'nai Jehoshua Beth Elohim
1201 Lake Cook Rd in Deerfield
7:00pm to 9:00pm
Tuesday, October 7th
GOTV Summit with special guest Rep. Luis Gutierrez
UAW Region 4 Headquarters
680 Barclay Boulevard in Lincolnshire
6:00 to 9:00pm
RSVP
here
Thursday, October 9th
GOTV Summit
Lake County Federation of Teachers
248 Ambrogio Drive in Gurnee
6:00pm to 9:00pm
RSVP
here
Tuesday, October 14th
Fundraiser in Glencoe
7:00pm to 8:30pm
RSVP at
brad10.us/oct14
or email
Ashley
Paid for by Schneider for Congress Schneider for Congress, PO Box 1318, Deerfield IL 60015
This message was sent to: dj724530@gmail.com | Change or update your email address by
clicking here .
We believe that emails are a crucial way for our campaign to stay in touch with supporters like you. However, if you'd prefer to take a break from emails,
click here . If you'd just like to receive fewer emails, you can
click here .
Our campaign is powered by supporters like you. Your grassroots support is critical to helping Brad fight back against right-wing attacks.
If you&rsquo;d still like to unsubscribe from our emails,
click here .
If you'd like to donate to our campaign, please
click here .
Thanks for having Brad's back!
