
Corporate Inversions -- Further Evidence of a Broken Tax Code
As American television viewers gear up for the new fall lineups, it appears that the White House is still stuck in reruns. Once again, President Obama is talking about circumventing Congress and planning to do so in a way that will only make the problem worse. Feel like you&rsquo;ve seen this episode before?
This time, the President is talking about the very real problem of &ldquo;corporate inversion,&rdquo; the practice of U.S. companies relocating their headquarters to foreign nations with more favorable tax rates. Most recently, it has gained public notice as Burger King announced its decision to seek shelter from U.S. corporate tax rates by merging with the Canadian donut company, Tim Horton&rsquo;s.
The Administration derides this business practice, calling the companies &ldquo;unpatriotic&rdquo; or &ldquo;deserters.&rdquo; This characterization unnecessarily aggravates the situation. The President is simply choosing the politically convenient, name-calling response instead of acknowledging a very real problem and engaging with Congress on a comprehensive solution to fix it.
A number of companies are either considering or actively pursuing mergers and acquisitions that would allow them to relocate and substantially lower their tax burdens. With a statutory top rate of 35%, the United States holds the dubious honor of the highest corporate tax rate in the developed world. While many corporations are able to pay less than this, they do so through an inefficient and ineffective system of tax loopholes that only benefits firms that can afford to maintain teams of tax attorneys.
Compounding the problem of high rates, the United States is one of a dwindling number of nations that taxes domestically headquartered companies on profits earned abroad. For example, if an American headquartered company earns a profit in Ireland, where the corporate tax rate is 12.5%, and wants to repatriate, or bring those profits back to America to reinvest, it must pay further taxes based on the difference between the foreign country&rsquo;s tax rate and America&rsquo;s tax rate of 35%.
Right now, there are patriotic American companies operating internationally, earning profits by producing goods in and selling goods to foreign markets. Many of these corporations want nothing more than to bring that money back home and invest it here.
Imagine that, an economic stimulus based upon private sector investment.
Highlighting this issue and the perverse incentives, the Wall Street Journal examined the merger of Medtronic, the fourth largest medical device company in the world and currently headquartered in Minneapolis, with Irish-based Covidien. The merger would include the relocation of the legal headquarters of Medtronic to Ireland, allowing the company &ldquo;to bring $1 billion or more into the U.S. without penalty.&rdquo; Simply stated, it&rsquo;s easier for Medtronic to invest in the U.S. as a foreign headquartered company than as an American one.
Unfortunately, our system of &ldquo;worldwide taxation&rdquo; encourages American companies to park these dollars abroad. These corporations are permitted to defer repatriation of overseas earnings under current tax law to avoid the high 35% tax rate. President Obama may question the &ldquo;patriotism&rdquo; of these companies, but that&rsquo;s not helpful. These companies are simply responding to a broken tax code in order to remain competitive in an increasingly global economy.
Rather than working with Congress on a real plan to make the United States more competitive, the President is now talking about using the hammer of government regulation to bring down punitive measures that will only make our country less attractive to American businesses trying to invest in America.
Threats and name calling will not stop corporate inversions, and they risk making a bad situation worse. Americans deserve a real solution to this problem, and that starts with fixing a tax code that is driving away jobs. The tax code is over 70,000 pages long, costs an enormous amount of money to comply with, slows economic growth, and seemingly purposefully infuriates millions of patriotic Americans who &ndash; in spite of it all &ndash; still faithfully pay their taxes. Enough is enough. We&rsquo;ve seen this show before, and it is time that it was cancelled.
The House of Representatives has demonstrated a will to move forward on the issue of comprehensive tax reform. The draft proposal issued by House Ways and Means Committee Chairman Dave Camp, while imperfect, represents a conversation starter towards a tax code that is fairer, simpler, flatter, and easier to comprehend.
I support a budget neutral tax reform plan that broadens the base by eliminating or limiting unnecessary tax breaks and lowers rates across the board. A simplified tax code will drive both economic growth and job creation. I am ready and eager to work with anyone, especially the President, who is serious about moving forward in good faith on reforming our broken tax code.
You may also read this opinion piece in the
Morning Call .
Official Website
|
Pressroom
|
Issues
|
Privacy Policy
|
Contact
|
Unsubscribe
