
Web Site
|
About Tom
|
Issues
|
Serving You
|
Media
|
Contact
Dear Neighbor,
This week President Obama
signed into law
the
Improving Medicare Post-Acute Care Transformation Act of 2014
(IMPACT Act), which includes our bipartisan
Hospice Opportunities for Supporting Patients with Integrity and Care Evaluations Act
(HOSPICE). Provisions under our bill, now signed into law, will strengthen access to quality hospice care and give hospice providers the tools they need to do their jobs more effectively.
Our HOSPICE Act is twofold. First, the bill brings additional transparency and accountability measures to certified hospice facilities with a three-year recertification cycle as opposed to the current six to eight-year timeframe. The increase in hospice survey frequency means hospice centers are more attentive to the changing care patients need.
Second, the HOSPICE Act allows the Centers for Medicare and Medicaid Services (CMS) to conduct a review of hospice programs that reach a threshold of patients in hospice care for more than 180 days, ensuring that those in most need of hospice care are supported.
VISITING LOCAL GRAPE FARMERS IN WESTFIELD
With local grape farmer, Carl Vilardo.
This week, we had the chance to listen to members of the National Grape Cooperative Association during a
visit
to the Grape Discovery Center in Westfield, and discussed issues facing Western New York&rsquo;s wine and grape industry. Agriculture is the backbone of our regional economy, and we need to be attentive to these concerns to ensure a strong, vibrant industry that will allow our farms to thrive now and for future generations.
KERR-PEGULA ATHLETIC COMPLEX DEDICATION CEREMONY
With Terry Pegula, Kim (Kerr) Pegula and guests at the ceremony.
Over the weekend we stopped by Houghton College this week to help dedicate the new
Kerr-Pegula Athletic Complex , which includes a new baseball and softball stadium, a new field house, and a newly resurfaced Burke Field. This wonderful gift from Houghton alumna Kim (Kerr) Pegula and her husband Terry Pegula is a caring investment in her alma mater, and will bring a lot of positive benefits to the Houghton community.
HELPING OUT AT FOODLINK MOBILE TRUCK FOOD DELIVERY
Helping Foodlink driver Jamal at a recent stop.
Foodlink&rsquo;s Mobile Food Trucks deliver a truly invaluable service, providing access to fresh food at a reduced rate to those in need. We had the opportunity to
help
out with this program and show our support for organizations like Foodlink, which help provide education and access to healthy foods for our underserved communities. These kinds of programs give us the opportunity to care for Americans in need, and really have positive impacts on our communities. We also had the chance to talk about our
Fighting Hunger Incentive Act , which helps incentivize food-related businesses to donate excess inventory to those in need.
PROMOTING NATIONAL MANUFACTURING DAY
With EMF Director of Operations and Engineering, John Vakiner and Elizabeth Rohan CEO of The Optical Society.
We recently
toured
the Evaporated Metal Films (EMF) facility in Ithaca to promote National Manufacturing Day, as well as thank our supporters of the recently passed
Revitalize American Manufacturing and Innovation Act , or RAMI. Our bill, which had support from both sides of the aisle, works to strengthen advanced manufacturing and improve U.S. competitiveness. RAMI will bring to local companies like EMF and The Optical Society, and for the continuing efforts of these companies to expand advanced manufacturing in the United States. We care deeply for our regional manufacturers, and will continue to support them any way we can!
WHAT&rsquo;S NEXT?
Today we&rsquo;ll be guest speaking at Penn Yan Academy.
Best,
Tom
OFFICE LOCATIONS
Washington, DC
1504 Longworth HOB
Washington, DC 20515
(202) 225-3161
Corning
89 W. Market St
Corning, NY 14830
(607) 654-7566
Olean
One Bluebird Square
Olean, NY 14760
(716)379-8434
Geneva
433 Exchange St
Geneva, NY 14456
(315)759-5229
Jamestown
2 East 2nd St Suite 300
Jamestown, NY 14701
(716) 708-6369
Ithaca
401 E. State St. Suite 304-1
Ithaca, NY 14850
(607) 222-2027
Privacy Policy
Unsubscribe
