
Having trouble reading this email?
Click here
to view in your browser.
Education Week
Education is a necessity for success in the 21st century. Whether its completing technical career training or attending a two- or four-year academic institution, almost all the available, good-paying jobs in our state require some sort of post-secondary education. As a member of the House Education and the Workforce Committee, I know that Washington bureaucrats too often frustrate teachers and administrators, forcing them to navigate a difficult maze of red tape. To better understand these challenges, elected officials should meet with the folks who work so hard on behalf of our children and grandchildren to get their perspective. This is why I am holding series of events next week to speak to various educators, students and administrators.
I strongly believe a quality education begins at a young age and continues throughout a students life, so I am meeting with the educators at every level. From college presidents to elementary school teachers, I plan to spend the week hearing what is working well in East Tennessee for educators and whats in need of improvement. Were fortunate to have many excellent colleges, universities, and technical schools in our area. Likewise, the teachers in our area are second to none. All of my children attended public schools in Tennessee, and I am extremely pleased with the education they received from their dedicated and passionate teachers.
I want to hear how we can get Washington out of their way and empower them to do what they do best: educate young people.
Earlier this year, I was proud to see that the high school graduation rate nationwide has topped 80 percent for the first time in U.S. history. I was even prouder when I read that the graduation rate in Tennessee is even higher. It increased 17 points from 2003 to 2010 and reached 87 percent in 2012. There is no doubt this is because of the commitment of Governor Haslam, parents, teachers and school administrators around the state. As Tennessee continues to show leadership in education, I want to hear firsthand whats working and whats not.
On Monday, Ill be at Northview Academy in Kodak for a teachers forum. Ill be holding a second forum at Dobyns-Bennett in Kingsport on Wednesday. I want to use these forums as an opportunity for teachers to candidly share whats on their mind. All teachers are welcome to attend these meetings. I also want to hear from students, so I will be visiting schools throughout the week to discuss the importance of following government and current events, read to classes and answer questions from students. Ill be meeting with college presidents, speaking to college students at King College and visiting the Greene Technology Center in Greeneville. All of these meetings will help me better understand the challenges and opportunities of the education community in East Tennessee. The full schedule of events can be found on my website at
www.roe.house.gov/educationweek , and I hope to see you at one of the meetings.
House Republicans talk a lot about empowering individuals by enabling them to get a good-paying job. Thats because we are keenly aware of the satisfaction and self-confidence that can come only from a hard days work. I want all East Tennesseans to have the means and opportunity to provide for their families. As we debate ways to lift people out poverty, get folks back to work and allow American to keep more of the pay they bring home, its important to note that education is one of the proven paths to economic success. As a father and grandfather, you can rest assured I will continue working to ensure our children and grandchildren have the opportunity to receive the quality education they deserve.
Feel free to contact my office if we can be of assistance to you or your family. Our contact information can be found on our website,
www.roe.house.gov .
CONNECT WITH US
E-News Sign-up
Forward to a Friend
Contact Phil
Washington, DC Office
407 Cannon House Office Bldg
Washington, DC 20515
Phone: (202) 225-6356
Fax: (202) 225-5714
Kingsport Office
PO Box 1728
Kingsport, TN 37662
Phone: (423) 247-8161
Fax: (423) 247-0119
Morristown Office
1609 College Park Drive, Suite 4
Morristown, TN 37813
Phone: (423) 254-1400
Fax: (423) 254-1403
Click Here Click Here