
If
you are having trouble viewing this message or would like to share it
on a social network, you can
view the message online .
Home
Biography
News
Issues &amp; Legislation
Constituent Services
The District
Contact
Us
October 03, 2014
In
This Week's Edition of E-News ...
Murphy To Examine US Response to Ebola
Outbreak
House Pushes to Secure
the Release of Marine Jailed in Mexico
Without Treatment, Severely Mentally Ill in Omaha Cycle Through
Hospitals and Jails
Attention High School Students: Service Academy Nomination Deadline
is October 15 th
Murphy To Examine US Response to Ebola
Outbreak
The Centers for Disease Control and
Prevention on Tuesday confirmed diagnosis of the first case of Ebola in the
United States. The Liberian traveler, known as Patient Zero, was
granted a US travel visa and arrived in the United States from his home
country on Sept. 20 th . On Friday, the CDC began investigating
another possible Ebola case in Washington, DC from an individual who
recently traveled to Nigeria. Later that day, Oversight and
Investigations Chairman Tim Murphy announced he will convene a hearing on
October 16 th
about the countrys preparedness and response where
CDC Director Tom Frieden will testify.
Murphy questioned
effectiveness of the US strategy to contain the outbreak, which
clearly failed on all levels this week, saying: I am gravely concerned that
our public health officials are not entertaining the idea or even
engaging in a discussion of travel restrictions from the Ebola hot
zones in Nigeria, Liberia and Sierra Leone, said Murphy. Travelers
self-reporting at the airport has been a demonstrated failure and it is
nearly impossible to retrace steps to try and track down everyone who has
been in contact with a carrier taking multiple international flights
across the globe. We need to attack the disease at the source rather
than allow it to spread.
The Ebola virus is spread
through direct contact with the blood or bodily fluid of a person has the
virus and is showing symptoms. While CDC officials maintain the risk of
the virus spreading across the United States is minimal, the agency
has activated a public health response and engaged in a process known as
contact tracing, which is designed to stop the spread of a virus.
Public health officials are identifying everyone who came in contact
with the sick patient and is attempting to monitor those individuals for
signs of the illness over the 21-day viral incubation period. If
anyone of those identified contacts becomes ill, he or she is immediately
quarantined. If no contacts become ill, the contagion has been
controlled and there is no longer a threat.
The CDC has not
recommended stopping commercial flights to Western Africa, but, passengers
are screened for fevers, potential exposure, and other signs of
illness before takeoff.
Chairman Murphy said his investigative
hearing will focus not only on the effort to prevent the spread from
this case, but also on the screening procedures established by the CDC
and Customs and Border Patrol to prevent individuals from high-risk
countries from entering the United States, as well as hospital
preparedness. Murphy said he wanted to hear directly from CDC Director Frieden
about whether current efforts are sufficient to stop the spread of
this deadly disease and ensure health and safety of all
Americans. Witness testimony and additional information on the hearing will be
posted
here .
To share your
thoughts on the public health response to Ebola, please
click here .
House
Pushes to Secure the Release of Marine Jailed in Mexico
Click here to watch the testimony of
Marine Reserve Sergeant Andrew Tahmooressi mother, Jill
Tahmooressi
At a special House investigative hearing held Wednesday on
Capitol Hill, Jill Tahmooressi, mother of Marine Reserve Sergeant
Andrew Tahmooressi, delivered gripping testimony regarding her sons
continued incarceration in a Mexican prison and the Executive Branchs
failure to secure his release.
Sgt. Tahmooressi, who
meritoriously served two tours in Afghanistan, was arrested along the
U.S.-Mexico border this past spring after crossing into Mexico with three
personal firearms in his vehicle. While all guns were legally registered in
the United States, possession of certain firearms is a felony offense
in Mexico. He had relocated to Southern California to pursue
treatment for combat-related Post-Traumatic Stress (PTS) and mistakenly
entered into Mexico after missing his exit on the way to meet
friends.
In the months following Sgt. Tahmooressis arrest, reports
have surfaced suggesting that he has suffered physical and mental abuse
at the hands of Mexican prison guards and that his PTS has gone
untreated, exacerbating his already fragile mental state. During her
emotional testimony, Mrs. Tahmooressi read heartbreaking letters from her son,
including one letter in which Sgt. Tahmooressi revealed he attempted
suicide in order to spare himself further physical and mental torture
at the hands of the Mexican prison guards. Despite his distinguished
service record and documented PTS, Mrs. Tahmooressi testified that the
Administration has thus far shown little interest in working with the
Mexican government to secure her sons release.
While the Executive Branch has inexplicably dragged its feet,
Congress has taken action, and is actively working to secure Sgt.
Tahmooressis release and return him home. Congressman Murphy has joined the
efforts of over 80 House colleagues from both sides of the aisle as a
co-sponsor of H.Res.620, which formally express the sentiments of the
House of Representatives to the Mexican government that it must
immediately release Sgt. Tahmooressi and provide his swift return to the
United States so that he can receive appropriate medical care. The
congressional resolution also calls on President Obama to take action and use
the full power and influence of the Oval Office to ensure the quick
and safe return of Sgt. Tahmooressi.
Stories of PTS like
Sgt. Tahmooorsis are all too common: One third of all returning
veterans suffer from some form of anxiety, depression, or PTS. Sadly, a
great number of these cases could have been prevented had our service men
and women received the proper mental health care during their time in
the service. To fix this problem, Congressman Murphy successfully
passed an amendment requiring the Department of Defense to allocate an
addition $10 million for mental health programs in the Defense Health
Program. The defense appropriations bill, which includes Congressman
Murphys veterans mental health amendment, was passed by the House on June
20 th
and currently awaits further action in the
Senate.
To share your thoughts on efforts to free Sgt.
Tahmooressi or veterans mental health care, please
click
here .
Without
Treatment, Severely Mentally Ill in Omaha Cycle Through Hospitals and
Jails
As part of his
ongoing review of the nations broken mental health system, Oversight
and Investigations Subcommittee Chairman Tim Murphy traveled to
Omaha, Nebraska this week for a meeting with mental health stakeholders at
the main campus and headquarters
Boys
Town .
At the invitation of Congressman Lee Terry (NE-2), who asked
Murphy to come to his home state to hear from local law enforcement,
providers, and parents about the problems in Nebraska, the two
lawmakers also toured Boys Town state-of-the-art school and medical
facilities for troubled youth and families.
During the
stakeholder meeting, parents lamented that their severely mentally ill children
are in a desperate cycle of homelessness and emergency room visits
because the state lacks intensive long-term inpatient care options.
Police and psychiatrists noted that the most severely mentally ill may
spend upwards of a week at the ER
if they are fortunate enough to find
an open psychiatric bed.
Click here to listen to
Congressman Murphy on KOIL 1290AM in
Omaha
Attendees thanked
Reps. Murphy and Terry for introducing the Helping Families in Mental
Health Crisis Act (H.R. 3717), which helps the sickest individuals access
medical care when they cannot voluntarily seek treatment on their own
due to a brain illness. The roundtable was covered by Omaha television
news stations and in an exclusive studio interview with Tom Becka on
KOIL 1290AM (click
here
to
listen).
Later during a tour of an Omaha psychiatric crisis center, Murphy
heard how psychiatric facilities are readmitting nearly a quarter of all
patients within 30 days because theres no mandated outpatient
treatment program requiring those who need to be on a treatment plan to stay
on one. Hospital officials said many patients will stop taking
medication shortly after discharge. Programs like Assisted Outpatient
Treatment help the small fraction of those with persistent mental illness and
a history violence, arrests, and hospital visits to adhere to a
medical treatment plan without institutionalization.
Earlier
in the week, Rep. Murphy was honored with the Outstanding Federal
Leadership Award by the
Reginald S. Lourie Center for
Infants and Young Children
on recognition and appreciation of [his]
major advocacy for mental health for children and
families.
The Lourie Center is a comprehensive early intervention center
treating more than 4,200 children and caregivers with socio-emotional
issues and behavioral health disorders. The award has been presented in
past years to distinguished policymakers and leaders in the fields of
clinical treatment of infants, children and families; research in early
childhood development; and advocacy work on their
behalf.
To share your thoughts on the Helping Families in Mental Health
Crisis Act (HR 3717), please
click
here .
Attention High School
Students: Service Academy Nomination Deadline is October
15 th
Congressman
Murphy reminds all students in Pennsylvanias 18 th
congressional district in the process of applying to one of the four US Service
Academies that the deadline to turn in a completed nomination
application is October 15 th , 2014.
As part of the
Service Academies admission process, applicants must receive a nomination
from their Member of Congress, Senator, or the Vice President. The four
Service Academies requiring congressional nominations are: the
Naval Academy ,
Merchant Marine
Academy ,
Air Force Academy , and the
U.S. Military Academy
(West Point). Applicants seeking a
nomination must be an official resident of the state of Pennsylvania and
reside in the 18 th
Congressional District. Candidates must
submit a completed
application
with recent
photograph; official SAT or ACT scores; high school and/or college
transcripts; and academic and extracurricular letters of
recommendation.
Following submission deadline, Congressman Murphy hosts his
annual Academy Review Board Day for all applicants to interview with his
Academy Review Board. This years interview day will be held at
Westmoreland Countys Hempfield High School on State Route 136 in Greensburg
on Saturday, November 22, 2014.
For further
information regarding Congressman Murphys nomination process and admission
to the Service Academies, call his Mt. Lebanon office at (412)
344-5583.
Please Feel Free to Tell a Friend
E-mail:
E-mail:
E-mail:
Washington D.C.
Office
2332 Rayburn HOB
Washington, DC 20515
Phone: (202) 2252301
Fax: (202) 2251844
Mt. Lebanon
Office
504 Washington Road
Pittsburgh, PA 15228
Phone: (412)
3445583
Fax: (412) 4295092
Greensburg
Office
2040 Frederickson Place
Greensburg, PA
15601
Phone: (724) 8507312
Fax: (724) 8507315
Unsubscribe
|
Update My Profile
|
Privacy
Policy
