
If you are having trouble viewing this message or would like to
share it on a social network, you can
view the message online .
HOME
ABOUT ME
CONTACT ME
SERVING YOU
MEDIA CENTER
OUR
DISTRICT
RESOURCES
October 17, 2014
Special Ebola
Virus Update
In recent weeks my office has received numerous
contacts from constituents regarding the potential for an Ebola
Outbreak in the United States. The current Ebola outbreak is a serious
threat to the American people, and I believe that it is important that the
President take certain commonsense steps to protect U.S. citizens
from this Ebola epidemic.
Immediately restrict travel
of foreign nationals attempting to enter the United States from any
country with an Ebola outbreak.
Suspend any previously
issued visas for U.S. travel for those coming from or having been to
those countries during an outbreak.
Test, monitor, or
quarantine as necessary for any individual who has traveled to or from
affected countries in West Africa or who has been exposed to the virus
for the 21 day period afterwards.
This is not a political issue. This is a human health issue ,
but I'm concerned the administration has underplayed the risk
associated with exposure to Ebola in the United States and that the Centers for
Disease Control and Prevention (CDC) were woefully unprepared for
this deadly virus to reach our shores. We must act to make sure further
exposure risk is eliminated. In addition to health related concerns,
our State Department and Customs agencies must act deliberately to make
sure that this virus can not be shipped over our borders
again.
Further, allowing our nation to continue to have a porous
northern and southern border is symptomatic of our inability to
prevent diseases and other dangerous threats from finding their way into
America.
This week I sent a follow up letter
to President Obama calling for him to implement these simple changes to
protect our nation from Ebola:
Click here to read my full letter to
President Obama...
Congressional Action and
Funding to Address Ebola
Congress Provided
More CDC Funding Than the President Requested Last
Year.
The FY 2014 budget agreement reached in January of
this year provided the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention
[CDC] an 8.2 percent budget increase for fiscal 2014, The
Atlanta Business Chronicle
reported at that
time.
This is more than the agency
anticipated,
because
the president's fiscal year 2014 budget request for
it was just $6.6 billion -- a decrease of $270 million from fiscal
2012 , the
Chronicle
adds.
Congress Has Released Up to $750
Million in Funding to Combat Ebola.
The House
last week
released up to $750 million
to support Operation
United Assistance , the mission
to provide
medical, logistical and security support
to combat Ebola in West
Africa.
While we await leadership from the
Administration, Congress is and has acted deliberately to give them the
tools and funding needed to protect our citizens from this deadly
disease. Here is a short outline of actions the House of Representatives
has taken to equip America against the Ebola Virus at home and
abroad.
Appropriations
September 9: Introduced a
short-term continuing resolution
containing
provisions to address the Ebola outbreak.
The full House
passed the measure
on
September
17 .
Armed Services &amp;
Appropriations
September 25:
Announced the release of
$50
million
to support Operation United Assistance, the Department of
Defense-led mission to combat the Ebola
outbreak.
October 9:
Announced the release of an additional
$700 million
to support Operation United
Assistance.
Energy &amp;
Commerce
September 12: Sent a
letter
to HHS Secretary Sylvia Burwell
seeking more information regarding the Ebola outbreak and preparedness
efforts.
October 16: Held a subcommittee
hearing
examining the U.S.
public health response to the Ebola outbreak, with testimony from the
director of the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention (CDC) and other
administration officials.
Foreign
Affairs
August 7: Held a
subcommittee
hearing
to examine
global efforts to combat the Ebola outbreak, with testimony from the
director of the CDC and other administration
officials.
September 17: Held a subcommittee
hearing
to examine global efforts to combat the Ebola
outbreak, with testimony from administration
officials.
October 15: Sent a
letter
to the State Department calling for the immediate
suspension of the issuance of visas for non-U.S. nationals in Guinea, Liberia,
and Sierra Leone.
Homeland
Security
September 16:
Sent a letter to the Secretary of Homeland Security inquiring about
inbound international screening procedures and training for Customs and
Border Protection personnel.
October 10:
Held a
field hearing
at
Dallas/Fort Worth International Airport to examine the coordinated federal,
state and local response to the Ebola case in Dallas,
Texas.
October 10: Sent a letter to the
Commissioner of U.S. Customs and Border Protection requesting enhanced entry
screening at Dallas/Fort Worth International Airport and George Bush
Intercontinental Airport.
October 15:
Sent
a letter urging the president to re-establish the position of Special
Assistant to the President for Biodefense
Policy.
October 15: Sent a
letter
calling on the Departments of State and Homeland Security to
temporarily suspend the visas of individuals from Liberia, Guinea, and
Sierra Leone.
Transportation &amp;
Infrastructure
October 14:
Sent a
letter
calling on
the Departments of Transportation and Homeland Security to institute a
temporary travel ban for affected West African
countries.
Local Update: Potential Ebola Case in Kansas City -
Ebola Test Negative
KU
Hospital Workers putting on Ebola protective biohazard
suits.
It is clear that people are concerned for their health and safety
and that our region is equally vulnerable. Just days ago a patient
appeared at the University of Kansas Hospital exhibiting symptoms of
Ebola, and luckily those tests came back negative. Prior to his arrival in
the Kansas City areas he worked as a medic on a commercial boat off
Africa's west coast. Our region has some of the best healthcare workers
in the U.S. The picture above features some of those workers from KU
Hospital demonstrating some of their state of the art safety equipment
which was on display at a tour my office took part in this
week.
We are lucky that this area has not been exposed to Ebola,
but are heartened to know that we are prepared if we are faced with
treating the disease.
Read more...
While
we are assured that that CDC is in control of this situation, we are
again reminded of the need to be vigilant by this breaking story
regarding a health worker who came into contact with Ebola:
Read
more...
What is Ebola? Information from the CDC:
Ebola, previously known as Ebola hemorrhagic
fever, is a rare and deadly disease caused by infection with one of the
Ebola virus strains. Ebola can cause disease in humans and nonhuman
primates (monkeys, gorillas, and chimpanzees). Ebola is caused by
infection with a virus of the family Filoviridae, genus Ebolavirus.
There are five
identified Ebola virus species, four of which are known to cause
disease in humans: Ebola virus (Zaire ebolavirus); Sudan virus (Sudan
ebolavirus); Ta Forest virus (Ta Forest ebolavirus, formerly Cte
dIvoire ebolavirus); and Bundibugyo virus (Bundibugyo ebolavirus). The
fifth, Reston virus (Reston ebolavirus), has caused disease in nonhuman
primates, but not in humans. Ebola viruses are found in several African
countries.
Ebola was first discovered in 1976 near the Ebola River in what is
now the Democratic Republic of the Congo. Since then, outbreaks have
appeared sporadically in Africa. The natural reservoir host of Ebola
virus remains unknown. However, on the basis of evidence and the nature
of similar viruses, researchers believe that the virus is
animal-borne and that bats are the most likely reservoir. Four of the five virus
strains occur in an animal host native to
Africa.
Symptoms of Ebola include:
Fever (greater than 38.6C or
101.5F)
Severe headache
Muscle
pain
Weakness
Diarrhea
Vomiting
Abdominal (stomach) pain
Unexplained
hemorrhage (bleeding or
bruising)
Symptoms may appear anywhere from 2 to 21 days after exposure to Ebola,
but the average is 8 to 10 days. Recovery from Ebola depends on good
supportive clinical care and the patients immune response. People who
recover from Ebola infection develop antibodies that last for at least
10 years.
If you have been in contact
with someone with Ebola and are concerned that you are exhibiting
symptoms contact your Doctor and seek immediate medical
care.
Washington,
DC
215 Cannon HOB
Washington, DC 20515
Phone: (202)
225-2865
Hours: Monday-Friday
9:00AM -6:00PM EST
Overland Park
7325 W. 79th St.
Overland
Park, KS 66204
Phone: (913) 621-0832
Fax: (913)
621-1533
Hours: Monday-Friday
8:00AM -5:00PM CST
Unsubscribe
|
Update My Profile
|
Privacy Policy
