
If you are having trouble viewing this
message or would like to share it on a social network, you can
view the message online .
October 03, 2014
Unsubscribe
Update My Profile
Website
|
Meet Rodney
|
11th
District
Services
|
Newsroom
|
Contact
Rodney
eNews
10/3/2014
NEEDED: Presidential
Leadership
Facts About Ebola
Obamacare After
One Year
Still Not Ready for Prime
Time
New Law Fights Child
Trafficking
Coming to the 11 th
Congressional District: A Smithsonian
Traveling Exhibition Celebrating
Sports in
American Communities
Salute:
National Breast Cancer Awareness
Month
Salute: 2014 National Blue Ribbon
Schools
NEEDED: Presidential
Leadership
The lack of presidential leadership from the White House is
contributing mightily to the mess the world has become.
Many of my
colleagues, from both sides of the aisle, are as appalled as I am by the
Presidents failure to lead.
Even the
Washington
Post , which has been one of President Obamas
strongest supporters, has been highly critical on its editorial
pages.
Clearly, our allies and adversaries around the world know that
they can only count on the President to dither, posture, nuance, and
equivocate!
And imagine telegraphing our military strategy about
everything we are going to do or we are not going to do on the Middle
East!
And the handling of Ebola, which is now confronting us
domestically, may become just another example. I wish it were not
so.
Behind all the issues people are concerned about, both domestic
and foreign, is one thing: a lack of trust in those executing United
States policy. The list is long: the IRS, the Justice Department, broken
health care promises, the struggling economy, Benghazi, ISIS, Iran,
North Korea
The President has two years left in the White
House. Its time for him to stop reacting to events and start leading.
And his National Security Council needs to be run on a 24 hour basis
and not shut down at midnight or on weekends.
Facts
About Ebola
With the first case of Ebola diagnosed
in the United States, its important that all Americans educate
themselves about how this disease is transmitted, its symptoms, and what
people can do to protect themselves and their families.
The
federal government has a key role to play in containing this disease.
The President and his public health team, led by the Centers for
Disease Control (CDC), are continually monitoring the situation. They must
be prepared to take such actions as are necessary to protect the public
health and to keep Ebola from spreading.
These two fact
sheets
one from the
CDC
and the other from the
New Jersey Department of Health
provide a great
deal of helpful information. Please take a
look.
Obamacare After One Year
Still Not Ready for Prime
Time
Its been one year since coverage under the Affordable Care Act
(ACA) first became available to the American people and things are
even worse than they were when the ACA website first went live. We all
remember the enormous problems the ACA website had when it finally
opened. A year later, things are still a mess.
The
Wall Street Journal
reported
yesterday that changes designed to improve the ACAs website have
been delayed. According to the
Journal ,
The decision [to delay] raises new questions about whether
HealthCare.gov will be ready to offer a better experience to millions of
Americans this fall after its troubled debut last year.
To
compound the problem, people are finding that the increase in premiums that
will kick-in in just a few months are making ACA unaffordable for
many. This
New York Times
article
details how one New York-based unions workers are
coping. According to the
Times ,
The
Freelancers Union, which provides health insurance to 25,000 of its
members in New York State, is ending an experiment in providing low-cost
insurance to independent workers, saying the new landscape created by
the federal Affordable Care Act makes it impossible to do
so.
And if thats not bad enough, the ACAs coverage mandates are
requiring people to buy insurance they dont need. For
example , people without children are being forced to buy pediatric
dental insurance.
This doesnt make any sense!
Finally,
one of the things that makes the United States and New Jersey the
leaders in developing new medicines to treat disease is the innovation of
our research pharmaceutical, biotech, and life sciences industries.
Yet one of the many unintended consequences of Obamacare is its threat
to medical innovation.
Dr. Scott W. Atlas, a physician and
a senior fellow at
the Hoover Institution at Stanford
University,
explains
why R&amp;D spending in the
United States has dropped dramatically due to
Obamacare.
Some Encouraging News: New Law Fights Child
Trafficking
One of the most despicable crimes imaginable is the
trafficking of children -- the cruel exploitation of children for financial
gain. That is why I am pleased that earlier this week President Obama
signed H.R. 4980, the
Preventing Sex Trafficking and
Strengthening Families Act.
This bipartisan bill, which I strongly
supported when it came to the House for a vote, is designed to
reducechild sex trafficking, increase adoptions, and improve child support
collections.
I am committed to using the full force of the
federal government to protect children from these ruthless
predators.
A summary of the new law can be found
here .
Coming to the 11 th
Congressional
District: A Smithsonian Traveling Exhibition
Celebrating Sports in American Communities
Tomorrow,
October 4, at the Morris Museum in Morris Township, the Smithsonian
Institution will open its new traveling exhibition:
Hometown Teams.
This fascinating exhibit, which is a partnership of the
Smithsonian Institution Traveling Exhibition Service and several state
humanities councils, brings a part of the Smithsonian
The Nations Attic
right here to the 11 th
Congressional District.
As
the Smithsonian states, People around the country are drawn to
compete in these sports and many others. Still more gather on the sidelines
to cheer for their favorite athletes and teams. Nowhere do Americans
more intimately connect to sports than in their hometowns. The
Smithsonians Museum on Main Street program will celebrate this connection in
the new traveling exhibition Hometown Teams: Sports in American
Communities.
Five copies of the exhibition will travel to a
total of 180 small towns in 30 states in the next six years. A video
previewing the exhibit can be viewed
here .
Salute: National Breast Cancer Awareness
Month
Everywhere you go this month you can expect to see a lot of
pink. Thats because October is National Breast Cancer Awareness Month.
According to the Department of Health and Human Services, Breast
cancer is the second most common kind of cancer in women. About 1 in 8
women born today in the United States will get breast cancer at some
point.
This disease is treatable with early detection. I
salute all those who are working extra hard this month to raise awareness
among women
and men
about
self-exams, mammograms, and the
other measures people can take to protect their health. Everyone involved
in this effort is helping to save lives, including many police
officers and firefighters!
For more information about resources
available to promote awareness, click
here .
Salute:
2014 National Blue Ribbon
Schools
This week the U.S. Department of Education
(DOE) released its list of the 2014 National Blue Ribbon Schools.
Eleven of these outstanding schools are in New Jersey and three of those
are in the 11 th
Congressional
District!
According to the DOE, The National Blue Ribbon Schools Program honors public
and private elementary, middle, and high schools where students
either achieve very high learning standards or are making notable
improvements in closing the achievement gap. The award affirms the hard work of
students, educators, families and communities in creating safe and
welcoming schools where students master challenging
content.
Congratulations to the faculty, staff, students, and parents at the
Assumption School
in Morristown, the
Mendham
Township Middle School
in Brookside, and the
Milton
Avenue School
in Chatham Borough for earning this national
distinction!
Contact
Information
WASHINGTON, D.C.
2306
Rayburn House Office Building
Washington, DC 20515-3011
(202)
225-5034
NEW JERSEY
30 Schuyler Place, Second
Floor
Morristown, NJ 07960
(973) 984-0711
Update My
Profile
-
Unsubscribe
-
Privacy Policy
gateway mail end 