DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.0 Transitional//EN" "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml1/DTD/xhtml1-transitional.dtd"
October 20, 2014
Click here
if you have trouble viewing this email
Response to the Ebola outbreak
Dear Friend,
I am writing to update you regarding the federal governments response to the Ebola outbreak. My highest priority is to keep our people safe. Im also working to ensure Congress remains diligent in its oversight responsibilities so that the Administration comprehensively addresses the outbreak, improves it effectiveness, and restores faith in our governments ability to positively address the situation. Doing so is essential to calming the significant concerns of the American people. That in itself is major priority for our office.
Towards that end, I have joined my fellow Members of Congress from both sides of the aisle in calling on the Administration to impose a temporary travel ban for individuals attempting to enter our country from the affected areas in West Africa. This measure would serve two purposes. First, it would help our citizens gain confidence in our actions moving forward, reassuring all that keeping our people safe is our highest priority. Second, a temporary travel ban would enable us the time to establish a more aggressive screening process, including forward in the affected nations in Africa.
Ive recommended going forward that we screen travelers in those affected countries before travel is even administratively approved. Later, on the day of travel, additional screening is needed in Africa - before departure - to confirm the health and freedom from exposure of anyone who was granted a visa before they are allowed to board the airplane. Again, those with fevers or other concerns would be banned from travel. Incidentally, this is the same process that my troops and I went through before we returned from our combat duty in Iraq. We had medical screening and a customs lay-out in Iraq before we were allowed to fly home. This approach should be adopted in the affected areas of West Africa.
Meanwhile, we need to respond more effectively here at home with additional domestic screening, enhanced training requirements for medical professionals, and expedited fielding of the Ebola vaccine.
Members of the House Energy &amp; Commerce Committee, which has jurisdiction on this issue, expressed many of these concerns to Administration officials during a hearing a few days ago.
Since the Ebola outbreak began, you may have seen some media accounts of some individuals making false accusations and misleading statements regarding funding levels for the federal agencies responsible for combating infectious diseases, including the Centers for Disease Control (CDC). To be clear, Congress increased funding for the CDC at a level higher than the Presidents request, both this year and last year. These agencies have received their requested resources.
Finally, I want to recognize the bravery of all those involved in combating this frightening disease. Mary Jo and I pray for them and for all who have been affected by this devastating illness. I will continue to monitor this situation to ensure we are keeping our people safe, and I encourage you to contact me if you have any questions or concerns.
Sincerely,
Chris Gibson
Member of Congress
IN THE NEWS
WAMC:
Congressional Corner With Chris Gibson
Times Journal:
Schoharie County stream work gets boost
Times Herald Record:
Feds to review creation of energy capacity zones
Poughkeepsie Journal:
Farmers oppose clarifying definition of 'waters of the U.S.'
Daily Star:
Road upgrades welcomed in Walton
TWC News:
Vietnam War Vet Henry Slattery Named the Veteran of the Year
ON THE HILL
How can we help you?
CONNECT
RSS Feeds
Facebook
Youtube
Twitter
Click Here Click Here