
If
you are having trouble viewing this message or would like to share it
on a social network, you can
view the message online .
Home
Biography
Online Office
Issues
Media Center
District
Contact
October 17, 2014
Dear
Friend,
The safety and well-being of Utahs families are among my top priorities
as a Member of Congress. One area of health that affects each of us
on a daily basis is food safety. We should all practice basic safety
procedures when handling and cooking food. Doing so is fundamental to
living a healthy life, and most foodborne illnesses are
preventable.
According to the Centers for Disease Control, one in six
Americans gets food poisoning each year. In severe cases, food poisoning
can lead to kidney failure, chronic arthritis, and brain and nerve
damage. Even less severe cases can be costly, uncomfortable, and disruptive
to daily schedules. You might be surprised to learn that the two
leading causes of foodborne illness are eating raw or undercooked foods
and allowing food to remain at an unsafe temperature for too
long.
There are a number of simple steps we can follow to protect
ourselves from harmful bacteria commonly found in food. The Department of
Health and Human Services and Department of Agriculture have prepared
a number of resources to help Americans avoid foodborne
illnesses.
Clean your hands and food
properly.
Hands should be washed regularly (for twenty seconds,
with soap and running water) before cooking. It is especially important
to wash your hands in between cooking any type of meat or poultry and
other ingredients. Surfaces and utensils that are used should also be
washed after every use.
Although it is important to clean
fruits and vegetables (only with water, then dried with a clean towel),
it is dangerous to wash meat, poultry, or eggs. Washing raw meat,
poultry, and eggs actually helps spread bacteria around working
surfaces.
Separate your food.
Meat, poultry, seafood, and eggs should be kept separate from other
foods, both at the grocery store and in the refrigerator, in order to
avoid cross-contamination.
Cook
thoroughly.
During cooking, a food thermometer can be
used to ensure that food is safe to eat. For a list of safe cooking
temperatures, please visit the USDA website here:
http://www.foodsafety.gov/keep/charts/mintemp.html .
After any food has been cooked to 140F, it needs to be kept hot or
refrigerated. Microwaving is another way to cook food thoroughly, but care
should be taken to follow microwave directions. Some packaged food
labels indicate that the food must sit momentarily after microwaving and
prior to consuming. Be sure to follow these instructions, as they are
part of the cooking process.
Storage time and methods.
Perishable foods should be
refrigerated within two hours or within one hour during warmer months.
Leftovers are generally safe in the refrigerator for up to four days. Its
important to maintain a refrigerators temperature at 40F or below in
order to prevent the growth of bacteria.
Frozen meats should
never be thawed on the counter. Alternative safe methods for thawing
include the refrigerator, cold water, the microwave, or cooking meat
without thawing.
The shelf life of canned goods and other
food storage depends on the type of food, but generally foods can be
stored 2-5 years. However, foods with high acidity, like tomatoes, can
only be stored for 18 months. You can find a list of safe refrigerator
and freezer times at this website:
http://www.foodsafety.gov/keep/charts/storagetimes.html .
Throw out spoiled and recalled
food.
Unintentionally consuming spoiled or recalled foods can make you sick.
You can sign up to get alerts when food is recalled, and you can also
find a list of them here:
http://www.fsis.usda.gov/wps/portal/fsis/topics/recalls-and-public-health-alerts/current-recalls-and-alerts .
The federal government has provided many
resources for the general public regarding food safety. If you have
any questions or concerns, the government website
www.foodsafety.gov
contains further information on food
poisoning, cooking safety tips, and specifics on different types of food
bacteria. I hope that you and your family find these tips to be helpful
for preventing foodborne illness.
I am honored to serve in
Congress on behalf of Utah families like yours. As your
representative, I always appreciate hearing from you on current topics and issues
affecting you and our community. Please
let me
know
areas you find especially interesting or where I can
provide you with additional information. I value your ideas and look
forward to hearing from you.
Sincerely,
U.S. Representative
4th District of
Utah
Share on Facebook Share on
Twitter
Tell a
Friend
E-mail:
E-mail:
E-mail:
Washington, DC
Office
2211 Rayburn HOB
Washington, DC 20515
Phone - (202)
225-3011
Fax - (202) 225-5638
Utah District Office
9067 South 1300 West Suite
101
West Jordan, UT 84088
Phone - (801) 486-1236
Fax -
(801) 486-1417
Unsubscribe
|
Update My Profile
|
Privacy Policy
