
If you are having
trouble viewing this message or would like to share it on a social
network, you can
view the
message online .
About
Contact
Services
Media Center
Legislation
Issues
Resources
October 26, 2014
Friends,
I would like to thank everyone
that attended our veterans events last week.
Although it was
disappointing that our Department of Veterans Affairs
(VA) hospitals refused to send a representative to our events, our county VA
Officers and Seventh District veterans' affairs caseworkers were able to
answer questions and assist our veterans with their individual
cases.
Overall our conversations were informative, but
frustrating.
The VA is a bureaucratic nightmare and I hope our
overhaul legislation the President recently signed into law will
expedite care.
Our VA hospitals will never be able to
compete with private health care, which is why it is my hope this
overhaul lays the groundwork for privatization of VA medical
care.
At each event, I was asked for an update on the progress of the VA
overhaul and the implementation of the Choice Card program.
The Choice Card program will allow many veterans in our
district to receive private care.
Veterans are eligible for
the program if they were enrolled in the VA health care
system as of August 1, 2014, or if they are a newly discharged combat
veteran, and are unable to secure an appointment at a VA medical
facility within 30 days or reside more than 40 miles from the nearest
VA medical facility.
The VA told us it plans to release
information soon outlining its implementation plan and what the
agency has done thus far.
I will continue to share this
information with you as soon as it becomes available.
Rest
assured, I plan on sending VA Sec. McDonald a letter to express our
frustrations with the lack of response and representation from the VA at our
events.
I will also request detailed information regarding the
implementation of the Choice Card program.
If you would like
to
speak with someone from our office about a pending VA claim
or need assistance filing a claim, please contact our Grand
Strand VA Caseworker, Susan Dean, at 843-445-6459 or our Pee
Dee VA Caseworker, John Sweeney, at
843-679-9781.
Thank you again to everyone who attended these events and
more importantly, thank your for your service.
(Pictured above from left to right:
Murrells Inlet Veterans Event, Little River Veterans Event, Bob Fogner
and I by the Disabled American Veterans car outside the Conway Veterans
Event, answering a veteran's question at the Georgetown Event, Andrew
Mims (Seventh District Director) and Susan Dean (Grand Strand VA
Caseworker) join me to answer questions during our Georgetown Event).
Ebola Prevention
While I think the
risk of Ebola in South Carolina is nearly nonexistent, I want to make
sure our hospitals have received guidance from the Centers for
Disease Control and Prevention (CDC) on how to prepare for an
outbreak.
My Washington Office is currently reaching out to all hospitals
in our district to ensure they have a plan of action, have been
contacted by the CDC, and to see if our Congressional
Office can assist in any way.
South Carolina Department of
Health and Environmental Control Director, Catherine Templeton, has
requested U.S. Customs and Border Control specify how many travelers from
infected African countries have indicated that South Carolina is
their final destination in the United States. I reached out
to Director Templeton's office last week to see if there is anything
we can do on a federal level to expedite their
request.
As October comes to an end, so does Breast Cancer Awareness
Month.
Many businesses and groups across our district,
including my office, participated in the fight to save lives, empower
others and ultimately, end this terrible disease.
Just because
the month is coming to an end, breast cancer awareness does not need
to stop.
This is a ongoing battle and I encourage you to share
these basic breast cancer
facts , warning signs, and symptoms with your loved
ones.
A s always, it is an honor and privilege to
represent you and your family in
Congress.
Have a good week,
If you would like to reply
to this email or contact my office, please do so by visiting the
contact page on my website
here
as this email is
not monitored.
Washington D.C. Office
325 Cannon House Office Building
Washington, DC 20515
Phone: (202) 225-9895
Fax: (202) 225-9690
Grand Strand
Office
2411 N. Oak Street
Suite 405
Myrtle Beach, SC 29577
Phone: (843) 445-6459
Fax: (843) 445-6418
Pee Dee Office
1831 West Evans Street
Suite
300
Florence, SC 29501
Phone: (843) 679-9781
Fax: (843)
679-9783
Unsubscribe
|
Update My Profile
|
Privacy Policy
gateway mail
end 