
E-news Sign-up
Tuesday, October 7, 2014
WEBSITE
|
FORWARD TO A FRIEND
| SHARE ON:
Ebola in the United States
Ebola in the U.S.
Last week yet another American citizen contracted Ebola and is being brought back to the U.S. for treatment. Its time to take serious preventative measures to protect American citizens from the possibility of contracting the deadly virus by implementing travel restrictions to afflicted West African countries.
We can continue providing assistance to these countries by sending trained aid workers, but there is no reason to continue allowing voluntary travel with such a significant risk of contracting this disease and bringing it back to the United States.
The Ebola outbreak could lead to devastating consequences for the region and must be stopped. We should move forward in a responsible manner that is also in the best interest of the American people.
South Mississippi
I spent much of my week last week traveling through Jackson and Hancock counties and met with local business men and women to discuss the obstacles they are facing while operating a business in todays economy.
As always, it was a pleasure to attend the Rotary Club lunch in Bay St. Louis.
I also enjoyed my visit to Ingalls Shipyard and look forward to our o ngoing partnership as we continue to build the most advanced warships in the world for the U.S. Navy at affordable prices right here in South Mississippi.
Bay St. Louis Rotary Club
In the Pine Belt, I had a great meeting at Camp Shelby discussing our efforts as we work to designate Gulfport as a National Strategic Port for our nations military and the continued long term success of the Mississippi National Guards 155th.
Camp Shelby
Friday night I had a blast attending the Oak Grove vs. Petal high school football game.
Congratulations to Oak Grove on their win and to both teams for playing a great game!
Oak G rove vs. Pet al Coin Toss
Academy Day 2014
Saturday over 200 high school students from South Mississippi came out to Academy Day at the University of Southern Mississippi to learn more about the
U.S. Service Academies.
Throughout the day they had the opportunity to speak with representatives from each of the Academies and learn more about the nomination process and how to apply.
I was pleased to see so many of our young men and women enthusiastic about serving their country.
As a reminder, the Academy nomination application deadline is November 15th.
If you would like to apply or need more information about the applicati on process please contact Bridgette Jones in my office at Bridgette.Jones@m ail.house.gov.
Academy Day
For more updates I encourage you to connect with me on
facebook ,
twitter , or by visiting my
website .
In Your S ervice,
Stev en M . Pala zzo
Member of Congress
###
NOTE: Please DO NOT respond to this email as this inbox is unattended. To contact my office please
click here
UNSUBSCRIBE
|
PRIVACY POLICY
|
CONTACT US
Click Here Click Here