
If you are having trouble viewing this message
or would like to share it on a social network, you can
view the message online .
About
Contact
Services
Media
Center
Legislation
Issues
Resources
October 24, 2014
Dear
David,
I wanted to
provide you with a brief update on my recent work as your
Representative in Congress.
My number one goal is to provide the
highest level of constituent services possible. If you need help with a
federal agency, please do not hesitate to contact my district
office.
JULIA
BROWNLEY
Member of Congress
Table of
Contents
Brownley Commemorates Hispanic Heritage
Month
Brownley Announces Official Start
to Channel Islands Harbor Dredging
Brownley Commemorates the
50 th
Anniversary of the City of Thousand Oaks
Brownley Attends Santa Paula Latino Town
Halls 18 th
Annual Awards Dinner
Brownley Announces VA Partnership with Reins
of H.O.P.E. for Veterans Mental Health
Services
Brownley Op-Ed in Ventura County
Star: Working Together to Better Serve Our
Veterans.
Brownley Testifies Before House
Science, Space, and Technology Committee Hearing on
Dyslexia
Brownley Holds
Service Academy Information Nights across Ventura
County
Brownley Commemorates Hispanic Heritage
Month
As we celebrated Hispanic Heritage Month, we recognized the many
invaluable contributions and great achievements that the Latino
community has made to the social and economic fabric of America throughout
our nations history.
From serving bravely at Naval Base Ventura
County, to fostering economic growth through entrepreneurship and
business ownership, to culturally enriching our community through the
arts, Latinos make Ventura County a great place to live and work. Click on
the photo below to read my full statement:
Congresswoman Brownley meets with constituents in Oxnard and
discusses the need for comprehensive immigration
reform.
Brownley Announces Official Start to Channel Islands
Harbor Dredging
Its official! The dredging has begun!
It is a great win for Channel Islands Harbor, Hueneme Beach, and
Ventura County. I was so pleased that we were able to secure scarce but
critical funding for this dredging project. From working with local
stakeholders, the White House, and the Army Corps of Engineers, it was
truly a team effort.
Congresswoman Brownley and local
officials celebrate the beginning of the U.S. Army Corps of Engineers
dredging of Channel Islands Harbor, which will provide sand to replenish
Hueneme
Beach.
Brownley Commemorates the
50 th
Anniversary of the City of Thousand
Oaks
It was an honor to join Mayor Fox and the Thousand Oaks
City Council to celebrate the 50th anniversary of the City of Thousand
Oaks! Since its inception in 1964, Thousand Oaks has grown into an
exceptional community that has been recognized for being one of the best
places in all of California to live, work, recreate, and raise a family.
I am so proud to represent and serve the City of Thousand Oaks and
its residents in the United States Congress.
Congresswoman Brownley meets with the Thousand Oaks City Council
and Mayor Fox to commemorate the city's 50th
anniversary.
Brownley Attends Santa Paula Latino Town Halls
18 th
Annual Awards Dinner
I was so
pleased to attend the Santa Paula Latino Town Hall's 18th Annual Awards
Dinner, a true celebration of community. For almost two decades, the
Santa Paula Latino Town Hall and its dedicated membership have worked
to promote and raise awareness for the issues affecting the Latino
community in Santa Paula and throughout Ventura County.
Congresswoman Brownley attends the
Santa Paula Latino Town Hall's 18th Annual Awards Dinner and discusses
how her office can be a resource for our
community.
Brownley Announces VA Partnership with Reins of H.O.P.E.
for Veterans Mental Health Services
I am very
pleased that the VA has decided to partner with Reins of H.O.P.E. to
expand veterans access to this innovative and effective mental health
therapy. I am a strong supporter of expanding complementary and
alternative medicine within the VA, and I look forward to continuing to work
with Reins of H.O.P.E. and the VA to ensure that the brave men and women
who served our country receive high-quality healthcare services. Read
my full statement by clicking on the photo below.
Congresswoman Brownley visits Reins of H.O.P.E. in Ojai
and discusses the importance of complementary and alternative
medicine, as well as the importance of the organization's new partnership
with the Greater Los Angeles VA Healthcare System to expand alternative
therapy services for
veterans.
Brownley
Op-Ed in Ventura County Star: Working Together to Better Serve Our
Veterans.
Recently, I wrote an op-ed in the
Ventura County Star
to discuss how I am working in a bipartisan
manner to improve the VA for our veterans. As the daughter, sister, and
niece of military servicemen, I am keenly aware of the sacred promise we
have made to our veterans and their families in return for the
sacrifices they have made for our country. Just as the military leaves no
one behind on the battlefield, we must leave no veteran behind when they
come home. Read my full op-ed by clicking on the photo
below.
Congresswoman Brownley talks with Ventura County veterans
to discuss her efforts to expand access to local VA healthcare
services for our
veterans.
Brownley
Testifies Before House Science, Space, and Technology Committee Hearing on
Dyslexia
As co-Chair of the Congressional
Dyslexia Caucus, I testified before the House Science, Space, and Technology
Committee on the need for our education system to better train
teachers to recognize and effectively educate students with dyslexia,and to
urge my colleagues to cosponsor the Congressional Dyslexia Caucus
bipartisan resolution, H.Res. 456, which already has 107 cosponsors. By
providing schools with the resources to incorporate support services and
assistive technologies in the classroom, we can ensure that every
student has an equal opportunity to suceed. Read my full statement and
watch the tesitmony by clicking on the photo below.
Congresswoman Brownley testifies about the importance of providing our
schools with the necessary resources to assist students with dyslexia
at the September 18th House Science, Space, and Technology Committee
hearing on
dyslexia.
Brownley
Holds Service Academy Information Nights across Ventura
County
This past month, my office has been holding service academy
information nights at high schools across Ventura County. Attending
one of these distinguished institutions of learning comes with an
opportunity to obtain an outstanding education and culminates with a
commitment to serve in the United States Armed Forces. If you are a student
interested in learning more about Military Service Academy
Nominations, please visit my website at
https://juliabrownley.house.gov/services/military-academy-nominations.
Congresswoman Brownley
discusses the service academy nomination process with prospective students
at Adolfo Camarillo High
School.
Tell a Friend
E-mail:
Washington D.C. Office
1019 Longworth
HOB
Washington, DC 20515
Phone: 2022255811
Fax:
2022251100
Hours: Mon.-Fri. 9:00am-6:00pm
Eastern
Oxnard, CA Office
300 E. Esplanade Drive, Suite 470
Oxnard,
CA 93036
Phone: 8053791779
Fax: 8053791799
Hours:
Mon.-Fri. 9:00am-6:00pm Pacific
Thousand Oaks, CA
Office
223 E. Thousand Oaks Blvd., Suite
411
Thousand Oaks, CA 91360
Phone Number: 8053791779
Fax:
8053791799
Hours: Mon.-Fri. 9:00am-6:00pm
Pacific
Unsubscribe
|
Update My Profile
|
Privacy Policy
