
If you are having trouble viewing this message or
would like to share it on a social network, you can
view the message online .
Home
|
About
|
How
Can I Help?
|
Media
|
Issues
|
The 6th District
A Bipartisan Solution to
Cut Spending
Dear
Friends:
The
Federal government clearly has a spending problem and increasing budget
deficits and rising national debt will be ruinous for our nation if
we continue to ignore the problem.
Action must be taken to cut
spending immediately, or we risk passing these problems off to our
children.
Common sense actions can be taken right now to eliminate
ineffective and duplicative programs and provide financial relief for
American taxpayers.
That is why I recently introduced
H.R. 5196, the Unified
Savings and Accountability Act (USA Act) .
This
bipartisan legislation would enact a number of provisions listed in a
Government Accountability Office (GAO) report to Congress that are intended to
reduce fragmentation, overlap, duplication, and waste in the Federal
government.
The provisions of the USA Act are simple, but if enacted, the savings
will be significant.
Taken together, these provisions would save
almost $200 billion over 10 years.
Highlights of the legislation include:
(1) improving the ability of the Centers for Medicare &amp; Medicaid
Services (CMS) to find and eliminate fraud, saving $33 billion; (2)
canceling the U.S. passports of citizens who owe over $50,000 in taxes,
saving $10 billion; (3) phasing out the $1 bill and replacing it with a
$1 coin, saving $4.4 billion; (4) improving foreclosure mitigation
efforts, saving $2 billion; (5) requiring the Treasury Department to spend
less than the value of money when producing it, saving $1 billion;
(6) enhancing online taxpayer services, saving $200 million; and (7)
requiring a move to a paperless Congress, saving $50
million.
The USA Act is a
simple bill that will accomplish a great deal.
By implementing
some of the GAOs common sense recommendations, we can find significant
budget savings through better management, oversight, and
modernization.
The USA Act contains practical reforms and significant cost
saving opportunities that will result in a better, more efficient
government for all Americans.
We must remember that this is only a
first step.
More must be done to bring down spending and return to
a balanced budget.
Nevertheless, it is my hope that my
colleagues in the U.S. House of Representatives will see the wisdom in
supporting this bipartisan bill, which will provide needed financial relief
and streamline our government bureaucracy, making it more
efficient.
Sincerely,
Mike Coffman
U.S. Representative
If you would like to sign up to
receive regular email updates from Mike, please visit
this
link
$ 17,866,649,547,318
Share on
LinkedIn
Share on Facebook
Share on Twitter
I want to remind Medicare
beneficiaries that it is almost time for
Medicare Open
Enrollment .
Open Enrollment is
the time to review and compare your Medicare plan to either change,
or stay, with your current plan for 2015.
Open
Enrollment is October 15 to December 7th , but you can compare
plans now at
medicare.gov
Find local help
medicare.gov/contacts
to
compare plans.
Lawmaker questions VA exec's
management of benefit appeals
By Travis J. Tritten
Stars and
Stripes
Published October 7,
2014
WASHINGTON
A House panel says the
head of the VAs Board of Veterans Appeals continues to mismanage the
legal office and may have been untruthful in her sworn congressional
testimony claiming improvements in processing vet appeals last
month.
Despite reassurances
to lawmakers, Board Vice Chairman Laura Eskenazi appears to have still
promoted unqualified attorneys, not properly advertised open job
positions and created new employee positions that will not decrease the
boards growing backlog, according to
Rep. Mike
Coffman , R-Colo.
Coffman,
the chairman of the House Veterans Affairs oversight and investigations
subcommittee, questioned whether Eskenazi could perform her job in a
letter sent to VA Secretary Bob McDonald on Oct. 1, weeks after a
department whistleblower also testified before the House about records
manipulation and improperly delayed appeals cases by her and other board
employees. The board is a relatively small legal department within the
Department of Veterans Affairs that reviews vet appeals over benefits
decisions.
These
actions call into question the credibility of Ms. Eskenazis leadership
and whether she is taking the BVA down the right [path], Coffman
wrote. I question her decision-making process, knowledge of the current
backlog situation, foresight to [move] the BVA forward, and commitment
to veterans to get cases decided in a timely manner. I simply
question her abilities.
The complaints over job performance come as the VA announced Tuesday
that it is firing four top executives to root out misconduct and
corruption in the wake of a national scandal over records manipulation and
long wait times in its health care system. Over the summer, Congress
passed a comprehensive reform bill that streamlines the firing and appeals
process.
Among
Coffmans claims against Eskenazis leadership:
- The boards 300,000-case backlog is
increasing.
- Board
attorneys were promoted to positions they are not qualified for and positions
were not advertised as required by law
- Three part-time administrative law judge
positions were created, but will be part-time and not be required to meet a
quota of resolving 700 cases per year as part of the effort to decrease
the backlog.
-
Eskenazi also added two chief judge positions to the board, though the
judges are not required to meet the quota and so represent 1,400 appeals
that will go undecided in a year.
Coffman asked the VA to explain the criteria for
promoting attorneys and for Eskenazi to give a detailed description of her
plans to reduce the large number of appeals yet to be
decided.
Ms. Eskenazi testified that
morale at the BVA had increased, and she was working with all of the
attorneys to discover new ways to process cases more efficiently,
Coffman wrote. However, it appears that Ms. Eskenazis statements may
not be wholly truthful and in fact actions are occurring that would
effectively hurt veterans, as resources are not being fully utilized to
make determinations in veterans appeals.
Coffman issued a statement to Stars and Stripes
Tuesday saying the testimony offered by Ms. Eskenazi before my
subcommittee, on Sept. 10, does not conform with the facts as we know them.
My concerns are predicated on what seems to be a pattern of misleading
testimony and public statements from VA officials in the
past.
The VA did not
respond to questions Tuesday morning. A spokeswoman said the
department is working on a response to Coffman.
Last month, a whistleblower from the appeals
board, Kelli Kordich, testified before the House subcommittee, saying
Eskenazi and others manipulated records to hide overly long delays in
deciding cases.
Kordich
testified that the vice chairman and head office staff shifted cases in
a tracking system, in 2012, to wipe evidence it had held some for
months or longer.
At
least one case was held for over a year and Eskenazi personally delayed
five appeals cases, she said.
In response, Eskenazi told lawmakers that some appeals
languished due to specific issues preventing a decision or because VA
attorneys were overloaded with work.
On Tuesday, Kordich, who remains on the BVA, told Stars
and Stripes that Eskenazi has continued to deny dysfunction in the VA
appeals process following the congressional hearing and the VA
secretary has done nothing to rectify the situation at the board, which I
assume prompted Congressman Coffman to compose this
letter.
Colorado's
Coffman leads on veterans' issues
By: Amanda
Moore
Denverpost.com
Published October 8,
2014
At first glance, the ongoing scandal at
the Department of Veterans Affairs appears to be that rare bipartisan
moment. Lawmakers on both sides of the aisle have fallen over each
other to exclaim just how upset they are and how much they value the men
and women who served in uniform. But for most of them, their strong
words haven't translated into strong actions in support of
veterans.
That's why Colorado
Congressman
Mike Coffman
deserves special praise. He
identified and tried to fix the problems at the Department of Veterans
Affairs well before it became politically popular. He was one of the
original co-sponsors of the VA Management Accountability Act, legislation
that served as a blueprint for the historic VA reform bill President
Obama signed into law last month that empowers the VA secretary to fire
failing VA executives and gives veterans a choice to seek private
healthcare if they live too far from a VA facility or cannot receive
timely care at a VA facility.
His work is particularly important to the more than 390,000
veterans who call Colorado home. Right now, veterans in the state wait an
average of 421 days for the VA to process their disability claims. The
average new patient at the Grand Junction VA waits nearly 40 days to
receive care. At the Denver VA, they wait an average of 45
days.
These problems were present
and persistent long before the current scandal made national headlines
in April. As recently as December, the backlog for disability claims
was as high as 700,000, with over half a million veterans waiting more
than 125 days for the bureaucracy to process their paperwork. Some
veterans waited years.
Rep. Coffman has been working to reform the dysfunctional VA. As a member
of the House's Committee on Veterans Affairs, he has held and
participated in many hearings that focused on the VA's failure to give
veterans the care we need. This leadership was on display from the moment
the VA scandal broke in April. Rep. Coffman promptly held congressional
hearings to get to the bottom of the crisis. Within a week, he called
for the resignation of VA Secretary Eric Shinsekione of the first
politicians in Washington to do so.
He also helped craft the Veterans Access to Care Act, which
would give veterans access to private health care facilities. This
bill would help get veterans out of the failing VA system. Few things
are as important considering that veterans are dying while on VA waiting
lists.
In light of
his actions in support of veterans, Concerned Veterans for America
publicly thanked Rep. Coffman for his actions in a television ad that aired
last month.
His peers
and coworkers in Washington could take a page from his book. Since
the VA scandal became the story of the summer, many politicians have
done little more than issue press releases, make a few television
appearances, and then use that material in their next fundraising email.
They've feigned outrage but done nothing, while veterans languish and
perish on the VA's waiting lists.
But veterans remember who our friends are. If military service
teaches you anything, it's the importance of looking out for those
who have your back. Rep. Coffman likely learned that lesson himself
during his time in the militaryhe's been there for us since before the VA
scandal broke. Would that the rest of Washington would follow his
example.
Amanda Moore
of Fort Collins is a Marine Corps veteran who served with Marine
Aviation Logistics Squadrons 39 and 36 in support of Operation Enduring
Freedom and Operation Iraqi Freedom.
Washington Office
2443 Rayburn HOB
Washington, D.C. 20515
Phone: (202) 225-7882
Fax:
(202) 226-4623
District
Office
Cherry Creek Place IV
3300 S.
Parker Road, Suite #305
Aurora,
CO 80014
Phone: (720)
748-7514
Fax: (720) 748-7680
Unsubscribe
|
Update My Profile
|
Privacy Policy
