 Mail begin
If you are having trouble viewing this message
or would like to share it on a social network, you can
view the message online .
October 15, 2014
Unsubscribe
Update My
Profile
Website
|
Biography
|
Contact Me
|
Services
|
Issues &amp; Legislation
|
Newsroom
|
28th
District
Dear Friend,
Welcome to my Washington Update, an
e-newsletter for the constituents of California's 28th Congressional District.
This e-newsletter provides a way for you to keep me informed of your
views and interests. You can do this by clicking on the survey
question, which appears on the right. In addition to participating in the
survey, I would encourage you to send any more detailed thoughts
by email .
Rep. Schiff Hails FAA Decision to
Institute a Comprehensive Complaint System for Helicopter
Noise
The FAA announced last month that they
would take an important role in helping to stem disruptive helicopter
noise plaguing residents across Los Angeles County. The FAA indicated
that it would establish a comprehensive complaint system for helicopter
noise operations
the first step necessary to gather data about the
extent of the problem and remedies, identify problem helicopter
operators, and give residents a systematic way to register their
complaints.
According to the FAA, the agency will allocate $250,000 to set
up the system and acquire a years worth of correlated noise complaint
data for helicopters
and allow residents the real time capability to
file complaints online or by phone and identify those helicopters
responsible.
The establishment of a countywide
helicopter noise complaint system could be a significant development in our
years-long fight to give L.A. residents the relief that they deserve,
said Rep. Schiff. This move comes on the heels of legislation Senator
Feinstein and I authored requiring the FAA to adopt new rules and
regulations if they could not achieve meaningful relief through voluntary
measures. Collecting this data may give us a benchmark to work from
and identify those who lack regard for residents on the ground
and Im
looking forward to working with the operators, homeowners and the FAA
to make sure that we meet the urgent need for noise
relief.
Read more:
KPCC
FAA to gather helicopter noise complaints in Los
Angeles
Los Angeles Daily News
Helicopter noise complaint system to be launched by Federal Aviation
Administration
Glendale
News-Press
FAA to implement complaint system for helicopter
noise
CBS Los Angeles
FAA To
Create Public Complaint System For Helicopter
Noise
Rep. Schiff: Congress Must Vote on War Against
ISIS
With the President initiating military
action that amounts to war against ISIS in Iraq and Syria, Rep. Adam
Schiff has been pushing his colleagues to take up a vote on a formal
authorization to fight the terror group.
Schiff believes that
Congress alone -- not the President -- has the authority to declare war
under the Constitution.
He has introduced a measure that would
authorize military operations against ISIS for 18 months, while sunsetting
a 2001 Authorization for Use of Military Force over the same span. It
would also immediately sunset the authorization for force in Iraq
that Congress passed in 2002 and prohibit American ground troops in a
combat mission.
Here's part of Rep.
Schiff's op-ed in TIME Magazine:
"In his address to the nation
last week, President Obama made a compelling case for a concerted
effort to destroy the Islamic State in the Levant (ISIL), a terrorist
group that has spread chaos and bloodshed across Syria and Iraq. But even
as the Administration has acknowledged that taking the offensive
against ISIL amounts to war, it has paradoxically taken the position that
Congressional approvalwhile desirableis not required. The
Constitution says otherwise."
Read more:
New York Times
Editorial
Will Congress Bother to Debate War Against
ISIS?
Huffington Post
Bill Targets ISIS And The Endless War On Terror
Los Angeles Times
Obama's request to arm
Syrians faces skepticism before Congress votes
Fox 11 Good Day LA
Rep. Schiff: It's Congress'
Responsibility to Vote on
ISIS
Rep. Schiff and Senator Feinstein: Time to build a quake
early-warning system for California
In the wake of the
Napa Valley earthquake, Rep. Adam Schiff and Senator Dianne Feinstein
have continued their push for a full earthquake early warning system
for the West Coast, after securing preliminary funding this year in
the federal appropriations process.
In an op-ed for the Los
Angeles Daily News, they wrote:
"Ten seconds might seem
insignificant, but it can mean the difference between life and death
when an earthquake hits. Ten seconds is enough time to slow or stop
trains and cars; turn off supplies of oil, natural gas and chemicals; stop
elevators and open their doors; and secure sensitive computer data.
Even less warning would allow hospital staff to protect patients and
people to safely take shelter under tables and in door
frames.
"We already have the technology to send earthquake warnings to
phones across an affected region, distribute them through public radio and
television and trigger automatic steps to protect critical
infrastructure."
Read the full op-ed
here , and watch an interview with Rep. Schiff discussing the need for an
early warning system below:
Rep. Schiff Urges Department of Justice to
Fund Body-Worn Cameras for Local Police
Departments
Recently, Rep. Adam
Schiff sent a letter to Attorney General Eric Holder urging the
Department of Justice to help fund local police departments purchase
of small body-worn cameras in order to increase transparency, decrease
tensions between police and community members, and create a record of
events.
Schiff stated: As the investigation into
the death of Michael Brown illustrates, the circumstances of an
officer-involved shooting can arouse the strongest passions in a community
and breed an atmosphere of profound distrust.
Having a video
record of events not only deters the use of excessive force, but it also
helps dispute or demonstrate claims of police brutality
in either
case it improves community confidence in a just result.
Given the
Department of Justices crucial role in helping state and local law
enforcement adopt best practices, I believe its time to expand our
support to include assistance to law enforcement agencies that would like
to adopt body-worn camera technology for their police
officers.
Read more:
Los
Angeles Times
Amid outcry over police shootings, departments
weighing cop cameras
CBS
After Ferguson, calls grow for cameras on cops
Glendale News-Press
Schiff signs on to
request for camera funding
Huffington
Post
Adam Schiff Pushes Body Cameras For
Cops
In September, American
and allied air forces began to strike ISIS targets inside Syria in
order to halt the terror groups march across Iraq and Syria.
The
Administration has also begun an effort to provide military training and
support to non-extremist rebels in Syria.
Do you support the Presidents
decision? Yes
ISIS has shown
unprecedented barbarity and poses a unique threat to our security and the
entire Middle East, and we must act before they get any
stronger. Yes
I support the
airstrikes but also believe it will not be enough, and that we will need
American boots on the ground. No
I do not support arming the rebels, none of which is
moderate, and it simply won't work.
No
I do not believe that using force will help
and will only serve to draw us into Syrias civil war. Other: *By answering this survey, you are
subscribing to my newsletter If you are having trouble, click
here. Survey Results Do you support the transfer of surplus military
equipment to local police and sheriffs departments? Answer Total Yes, in urban areas like Los
Angeles, the threat of terrorism is real and some of this equipment could
save lives in the event of an emergency.
25.58% Yes, but only in the case of appropriate supplies like
bulletproof vests, not large military vehicles which have no place on
our streets.
29.00% No, our
streets must not look like foreign warzones and local departments simply do
not need to have this equipment.
41.14% Other:
4.27%
Contact Information
Washington,
DC
2411 Rayburn House Office Building
Washington D.C. 20515
Phone: (202) 225-4176
Facsimile: (202) 225-5828
Burbank
Office
245 E. Olive Ave., #200
Burbank, California
91502
Phone: (818) 450-2900
Phone: (323)
315-5555
Facsimile: (818) 450-2928
Update My
Profile
-
Unsubscribe
-
Privacy
Policy
gateway mail end
