
Friday, October 24, 2014
WEBSITE
|
FORWARD TO A FRIEND
| SHARE ON:
Ebola Update
This week, I joined other members of the Doctors Caucus and sent a letter urging the president to take necessary steps to contain Ebola.
As doctors and nurses, we have been closely monitoring the growing Ebola epidemic in West Africa with concern. The transmission of Ebola to two health professionals who helped care for Thomas Duncan is extremely concerning, as is the possibility that many more Americans were potentially exposed to the virus by these individuals. Containment is the key to stopping the spread of this highly contagious and deadly disease, and we strongly urge your administration to consider implementing a temporary travel ban for individuals who are citizens of, or traveled to, affected countries in West Africa. For American citizens who have been exposed to Ebola, we support the recommended 21-day quarantine before they can enter the country.
We understand and support the continued flow of aid workers and supplies to control the spread of Ebola at its source, but temporarily restricting entry to the United States for individuals fromor who traveled toaffected countries could limit the possible introduction of additional individuals carrying the virus. We strongly support continued American leadership to help the affected countries in West Africa combat this deadly disease, and urge other members of the global community to redouble their efforts.
Read to f ull letter on my website.
In addition:
I joined the entire Ohio House Delegation and sent a bipartisan letter to the CDC:
Click here to read the letter.
I joined Bruce Wolf and Dan Proft on WLS 890AM to talk about the federal government's response to Ebola:
Click here to listen to the full interview.
For more information on Ebola, I encourage you to visit the
Centers for Disease Control and Preventions website
or the
Ohio Department of Health's website.
Medicare Open Enrollment
Ends Dec. 7, 2014
The Medicare Open Enrollment period began last week. Now until December 7, 2014, you may change your Medicare health and prescription drug plans for next year. Below, you will find important and helpful information that you may need during open enrollment season if you wish to change your plan.
According to the Center of Medicare &amp; Medicaid Services (CMS), during open enrollment you can change your plan in the following ways:
Change your Original Medicare or Medicare Advantage Plan.
Switch from one Medicare Advantage Plan to another Medicare Advantage Plan.
Switch from a Medicare Advantage Plan that doesn't offer drug coverage to a plan that does and vice versa.
Join, drop, or switch to another Medicare Prescription Drug Plan.
If you are satisfied with your plan, you do not need to take any action.
Need assistance?
Visit
Medicare.gov/find-a-plan .
Call 1-800-MEDICARE (1-800-633-4227), and say "Agent."
Call my office (513) 474-7777.
For more information from CMS on Medicare Open Enrollment visit their
Tip Sheet
and
Yearly Medicare Plan Review
document.
House Focused on Solutions
Have a bill or letter you would like me to support?
Let me know here .
More Ways to Connect
Facebook
Twitter
YouTube
While wages for middle class Americans are stagnant, everyday costs, from tuition to movie tickets, are rising. The House has passed dozens of bills focused on
solutions to help lower costs at home and reduce red tape impacting American businesses.
These are just a few bills that passed the House this year with my support:
H.R. 3826 : The Electricity Security and Affordability Act protects coal-fired power plants from excessive regulations that will force them to shut down or raise costs for millions of Americans. H.R. 3826 passed the House on March 6, 2014 and awaits further action in the Senate.
H.R. 4899 : The Lowering Gas Prices to Fuel An America That Works Act passed the House on June 26, 2014, and promotes more onshore and offshore energy production. Like many other bills, H.R. 4899 also awaits further action in the Senate.
H.R. 2575 : I am a cosponsor of The Save American Workers Act, which repeals the 30-hour requirement for Obamacare's employer mandate and restores the 40-hour work week to increase workers' wages. H.R. 2575 passed the House on April 3rd of this year and is one of many bills on Harry Reid's desk.
Click here to learn more about the GOP's solutions .
Visit to Williamsburg
Earlier this month, I visited Williamsburg and stopped by the high school, Dualite, Croswell VIP Motorcoach Services, and the Rotary Club meeting. I also met with local officials to talk about developments in the area.
From Portsmouth to North College Hill and Ripley to Hillsboro, I listen to local concerns and talk with constituents about the House's efforts to grow our economy, lower energy prices, and create jobs.
Prohibiting the Transfer of Terrorist Detainees
ICYMI: The Wall Street Journal recently
reported
that the White House is considering executive action to bring terrorists from the Guantanamo Bay detention facility to American soil, even as the threat from terrorism grows every day.
Congress, with my support, has repeatedly passed bipartisan legislation that prohibits the transfer of detainees to the U.S. It is alarming that the president is considering unilateral action to, once again, ignore the law of the land.
Interested in an Internship?
My office is now accepting applications for 2015 spring internships. Opportunities include part-time and full-time internships in Ohio and Washington, DC. While academic credit may be obtained, many students intern strictly for the educational experience. Applicants must be enrolled in college or graduate school.
If you know of a student who might be interested in interning for Ohio's Second District during the spring semester, please encourage them to apply.
Visit my website for more information and to access the application.
NOTE: Please DO NOT respond to this email as this inbox is unattended. To contact my office please
click here
Connect:
WASHINGTON, D.C. OFFICE
1223 Longworth H.O.B.
Washington, DC 20515
P:
(202) 225-3164
F:
(202) 225-1992
HAMILTON COUNTY OFFICE
7954 Beechmont Ave, Suite 200
Cincinnati, OH 45255
P:
(513) 474-7777
F:
(513) 605-1377
PEEBLES OFFICE
170 North Main St.
Peebles, OH 45660
P:
(513) 605-1380
F:
(937) 798-4024
UNION TOWNSHIP OFFICE
4350 Aicholtz Rd.
Cincinnati, OH 45245
P:
(513) 605-1389
UNSUBSCRIBE
|
PRIVACY POLICY
|
CONTACT US
Click Here Click Here