
Web Site
|
Meet Loretta
|
On the Issues
|
Helping You
|
Newsroom
|
Contact Me
Dear Friend-
I want to reach out to you about the cases of Ebola Hemorrhagic Fever in the United States.
First and foremost, I want to emphasize that politicizing this situation, inciting fear or placing blame instead of finding solutions is counterproductive and dangerous.
We should be concerned about the appearance of Ebola in the U.S. and the transmission to two healthcare workers. But we should
not
panic. We know how to stop Ebola outbreaks by isolating patients and tracing and monitoring contacts.
I have and will continue to make sure California hospitals are taking all appropriate measures to train and prepare their staff to screen, diagnose, and treat any potential Ebola patients.
Facts about Ebola:
A person infected with Ebola can&rsquo;t spread the disease until symptoms appear.
The time from exposure to when signs or symptoms of the disease appear (the incubation period) is 2 to 21 days, but the average time is 8 to 10 days. Signs of Ebola include fever (higher than 101.5&deg;F) and symptoms like severe
headache, muscle pain, vomiting, diarrhea, stomach pain, or unexplained bleeding or bruising.
Ebola is spread through direct contact with blood and body fluids
Ebola is spread through direct contact (through broken skin or through your eyes, nose, or mouth) with
Blood and body fluids (like urine, feces, saliva, vomit, sweat, and semen) of a person who is sick with Ebola.
Objects (like needles) that have been contaminated with the blood or body fluids of a person sick with Ebola.
Ebola is
not
spread through the air, water, or food.
Protect yourself against Ebola
Unfortunately, there is no FDA-approved vaccine available for Ebola. Experimental vaccines and treatments for Ebola are under development, but they have not yet been fully tested for safety or effectiveness.
To protect yourself from Ebola:
DO
wash your hands often with soap and water or use an alcohol-based hand sanitizer.
Do
NOT
touch the blood or body fluids (like urine, feces, saliva, vomit, sweat, and semen) of people who are sick.
Do
NOT
handle items that may have come in contact with a sick person&rsquo;s blood or body fluids, like clothes, bedding, needles, or medical equipment.
Do
NOT
touch the body of someone who has died of Ebola.
To get more information, visit the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention (CDC) website: http://www.cdc.gov/vhf/ebola/
Very Truly Yours,
Loretta Sanchez
Member of Congress
Privacy Policy
|
Unsubscribe
