
If you are having
trouble viewing this message or would like to share it on a social
network, you can
view the
message online .
About
Contact
Services
Media Center
Legislation
Issues
Resources
October 12, 2014
Friends,
I dont think I need to tell you that we face a lot of
challenges as a nation right now. At home, wages remain stagnant while
the cost of living continues to rise, leaving our families struggling
to make ends meet. Abroad, we see a world descending into chaos and
violence as a direct result of the Administrations failed naive
policies.
We need to come together as a country, put American
priorities first and find solutions to these
problems.
I know your top priority is finding and keeping
a good-paying job and providing for you and your families, and, as
Ive said time and time again, my top three priorities are jobs, jobs
and jobs. While last months jobs report was encouraging, there are
still far too many folks who cant find full-time work and nearly 100,000
Americans who gave up finding work in September
alone.
We have a lot of work to do.
Fortunately, there are plenty of ideas out there to help put people back
to work. My colleagues and I have advanced countless solutions to
bolster our economy and create jobs, but 387 House-passed bills remain
sitting idle on Harry Reids desk.
While I dont expect the
Democratic-controlled Senate to agree with every bill, I do expect them to
come to the table and work with us to advance solutions Americans
deserve.
They should start
by recognizing the need to halt the harmful effects of Obamacare.
After more than four years, countless unilateral changes, and
billions of wasted taxpayer dollars, Obamacare continues to wreak havoc on
our health care system, our businesses and our economy.
The
uncertainty that this law creates is throwing a wet blanket on job
creation at a time when we desperately need
it.
On top of creating a part-time economy and squandering
taxpayer dollars, Obamacare is forcing our families to deal with rising
health care costs, restricted access and canceled insurance
plans.
This law is excessive government overreach at its worst.
Here in North Carolina we neither want nor need bureaucrats in
Washington telling us what plan is best for us or what doctor suits our
needs. The bottom line is Obamacare is hurting our families. According to a
Gallup poll released last week, more folks have been hurt by
Obamacare than have been helped.
The pain this law is causing for
millions of Americans is tragic. It is unacceptable, and I am fighting for
a better way.
I joined
my colleagues in proposing
The American Health Care Reform Act
(H.R. 3121)a patient-centered system that strengthens the
doctor-patient relationship, reduces cost, increases access, and allows
American businesses to grow again.
First and foremost, this bill
repeals and replaces Obamacare, ending billions of taxes, eliminating
thousands of pages of unworkable mandates and regulations, and getting
Washingtons bureaucrats, like IRS agents, out of your personal health
care decisions.
It harnesses the power of the free market and
introduces more choice and competition to make health care more
affordable for our families and
businesses.
I came to Washington to empower our families and businesses and
create a brighter future with affordable health care, good jobs, stable
wages and economic security.
As your Congressman, I will
continue to fight to defund, repeal and replace Obamacare with quality,
affordable health care that you and your families
deserve.
Until
next week,
Richard
Hudson
Member of Congress
(NC-08)
Concord Office
325 McGill Ave, NW
Suite
500
Concord, NC 28027
Phone: (704) 7861612
Rockingham Office
1015 Fayetteville Rd
Rockingham, NC
28379
Phone: (910) 9972070
Washington D.C. Office
429 Cannon HOB
Washington, DC
20515
Phone: (202) 2253715
Unsubscribe
|
Update My Profile
|
Privacy
Policy
