
OCT
24
News From Senator Ayotte's Office
Dear Friends,
It was a busy week on the road in New Hampshire, meeting with Granite Staters and visiting businesses across our state.
At these stops, I provided an update on some of the legislation I'm working on in the Senate to make it easier for New Hampshire businesses to grow and hire - including measures to provide excise tax relief for New Hampshire's small brewers, improve the transportation security acquisition process to give contractors and small businesses more certainty, and boost our state's outdoor recreation industry.
At Pat's Peak in Henniker, I heard from representatives of New Hampshire's ski areas about some of the challenges they're facing as a result of provisions in the health care law regarding how seasonal workers and full-time employees are defined.
I've introduced and cosponsored legislation in the Senate to address both of these aspects of the health care law, and I'll continue my efforts to build support for these common sense proposals.
I also appreciated the opportunity to meet with members of New Hampshire's disability rights community to discuss legislative efforts to break down barriers for individuals with disabilities.
Please see below for more on these issues, as well as some photos from my travels this week.
Ayotte Visits Breweries in Merrimack and Beverage Distributor in Concord
On Thursday, Senator Ayotte met with workers at Anheuser-Busch in Merrimack and got a first-hand look at the brewery's operations - including a lesson on the mashing process from brewmaster Otto Kuhn.
She also visited the Budweiser Clydesdales, which are a top New Hampshire tourist attaction, drawing 105,000 visitors to the state annually.
Ayotte tours Merrimack nanobrewery, touts tax legislation By Don Himsel Nashua Telegraph October 24, 2014
MERRIMACK - Sen. Kelly Ayote, R-N.H., visited a local nanobrewery Thursday to witness the quick success of the startup and received encouragement in her work on legislation to keep an industry-specific tax in check.
Ayotte toured the small but growing Able Ebenezer Brewing Co. operation on Columbia Drive after a visit to nearby brew giant Anheuser-Busch. Ayotte praised the team's work, and the taste of their beer, while the owners praised her for her work in keeping taxes on small brewers low.
Read more.
On Tuesday, Senator Ayotte met with workers at Horizon Beverage in Concord, a family-owned business that employs 40 people.
She also heard from company leadership about the need to create a better tax and regulatory climate that will allow Horizon to continue to grow and be successful.
At Cirtronics in Milford, Ayotte Discusses Legislation to Improve Transportation Security Acquisition Process
Ayotte stumps for streamlined federal buying process in Milford By Kimberly Houghton Union Leader
October 24, 2014
MILFORD - During a visit to Cirtronics Corporation on Thursday, U.S. Sen. Kelly Ayotte discussed the highlights of the Transportation Security Acquisition Reform Act, which she hopes will soon be passed into law.
"We need a plan," Ayotte told the 150 employees at Cirtronics, a leading provider of electronic manufacturing services to the medical, communications and industrial markets.
Her proposal would create a five-year strategic plan for the nation's transportation security needs, explained Ayotte. The senator said she hopes to improve acquisition policy at the Transportation Security Administration to ensure that tax dollars are used efficiently. If the bill becomes law it would also ensure the safety of the traveling public and provide guidance for businesses like Cirtronics, the senator said.
"I think we can get it done," said Ayotte.
Gerardine Ferlins, president and CEO of Cirtronics, said she appreciates Ayotte's sponsorship of the legislation, maintaining implementation of better practices will improve transparency for the private sector and Congress.
Read more.
At Pat's Peak in Henniker, Ayotte Hears from NH Ski Area Managers
Senator Ayotte joined New Hampshire ski area managers on Tuesday for a roundtable discussion at Pat's Peak in Henniker focused on legislative efforts to ensure New Hampshire's ski industry can continue to grow and thrive. Representatives from the ski industry expressed concerns with the health care law, specifically the definition of seasonal employees in the health care law, which they said could lead ski area owners to shorten their season.
After hearing from New Hampshire employers that were confused because the health care law has two different definitions of seasonal employees, Senator Ayotte took the lead on legislation that would establish one standard definition and simplify the rules for compliance. During Tuesday's meeting, Ayotte said she would continue to work on building bipartisan support for this common sense proposal.
Ayotte is cosponsoring the Forty Hours is Full Time Act, bipartisan legislation introduced by Senators Susan Collins (R-ME) and Joe Donnelly (D-IN) that would restore the traditional forty-hour work week. The health care law effectively defines full-time employment as thirty hours per week as a means to force mid-size and larger businesses to offer coverage to their employees. Even though the administration has delayed this part of the law multiple times, New Hampshire employers have told Senator Ayotte that the impending mandate has already resulted in workers losing hours.
Read more.
Feinstein, Ayotte op-ed in
Women's Health
Highlights Importance of Breast Density Reporting
How Dense Are Your Breasts?
By Dianne Feinstein and Kelly Ayotte Women's Health Magazine Oct 23, 2014
Joan Lunden knows firsthand the importance of thorough breast cancer screenings.
The journalist and former Good Morning America host received a clean bill of health following a mammogram earlier this year. But knowing she has dense breast tissue, she chose to follow up with an ultrasound, recommended during an interview with Susan Love, M.D., a breast cancer specialist.
That ultrasound detected an aggressive form of breast cancer-undetected by the traditional mammogram-and today Joan is courageously fighting stage 2 breast cancer.
We've made great strides in our fight against breast cancer, but Joan's experience shows that we have a lot of work do to. Now that millions of women are receiving routine mammograms, we must shift focus to better tailor care to fit a woman's individual needs.
...
Early detection is key to surviving breast cancer in dense breast tissue. However, despite the fact that 40 percent of women have dense tissue, survey data from Harris Interactive indicates that 95 percent of women do not know their breast density, which can change over the course of their life. Read more.
Ayotte Urges IRS to Address Tax Refund Fraud
Senator Ayotte joined a bipartisan group of Senators this week in urging the Internal Revenue Service (IRS) to provide Congress with an update on the agency's efforts to prevent identity theft-related tax refund fraud.
In a letter to IRS Commissioner John Koskinen, the Senators expressed concern that the IRS has yet to devise a comprehensive plan to address tax refund fraud using stolen identities, despite a recent watchdog report that found $5.2 billion was lost to fraudulent tax returns in 2013.
Read the letter.
In Greenfield, Ayotte, Stakeholders Highlight Economic Benefit of Preserving NH Lands &amp; Outdoor Recreational Opportunities
Ayotte visits Crotched to talk land preservation By David Blumenthal
Monadnock Ledger-Transcript
October 23, 2014
Two elected officials with a national footprint came to the Monadnock region on Tuesday to discuss outdoor recreation's critical place in New Hampshire's economy, and walk a trail that was an example of a successful preservation policies
U.S. Senator Kelly Ayotte (R-NH) visited Greenfield to hold a roundtable in the Crotched Mountain Rehabilitation Center's Carter Hall with New Hampshire State Senate president Jeb Bradley, hiking with the center's staff and visiting some of the rehabilitation center's patients. Ayotte discussed her efforts to promote outdoor recreation through legislative efforts to preserve funding for conservation through the Land &amp; Water Conservation fund, known as LWCF and the Forest Legacy Program, which protects forests without the use of taxpayer money.
Ayotte also spoke about the OUTDOORS act, a bill she introduced in the Senate designed to decrease tariffs on recreational outerwear.
Read more.
Ayotte Hosts Roundtable with Representatives from NH Disability Rights Community
On Monday in Manchester, Senator Ayotte joined representatives from New Hampshire's disability rights community for a roundtable discussion focused on legislative efforts to break down barriers for individuals with disabilities.
Ayotte discussed her support for the Convention on the Rights of Persons with Disabilities (CRPD) - an international Convention that would help Americans with disabilities more easily live, travel, study and work abroad. She also highlighted relevant legislation she is cosponsoring, including the ABLE Act (S. 313), that would allow for the creation of tax-free savings accounts to permit persons with disabilities and their families to save for expenses such as education, housing, health prevention and wellness, employment support, and transportation, and the TEACH Act (S. 2060), which would ensure that college students with disabilities have greater accessibility to the educational materials they need to succeed in their pursuit of higher education.
Read more.
Ayotte Joins Concord Veteran Robert Vallieres to Kick-Off "Healing Through Birds" Program at NH Veterans Home in Tilton
On Friday, Senator Ayotte helped kick-off the "Healing Through Birds" program at the New Hampshire Veterans Home in Tilton.
The program was started by Robert Vallieres, a wounded warrior from Concord as a way to help veterans who may be struggling with traumatic brain injury, post-traumatic stress disorder, or other injuries heal through learning about birds and birdwatching.
Ayotte also joined Robert and members of the New Hampshire Audubon Society at Carter Hill Orchard in Concord to bird watch.
Photos of the Week
Senator Ayotte joined former Governor John Lynch and Mayor Ted Gatsas on Thursday to celebrate the 30th anniversary of the New Hampshire Food Bank (NHFB).
From left to right: Monsignor John Quinn, one of the NHFB's original founders; Senator Ayotte; Melanie Gosselin, Executive Director of NHFB; Governor Lynch and Mayor Gatsas.
Senator Ayotte stopped by Milford High School on Thursday to have lunch with students from the "We the People" program.
In Bedford on Thursday evening, Senator Ayotte helped "unbuckle the seatbelt" to kick off the New Hampshire Auto Dealers Association's Charity Night event, which raised funds in support of Court Appointed Special Advocates (CASA) of NH and the New Hampshire Automotive Education Foundation.
CLICK HERE TO SHARE THIS NEWSLETTER
Warm Regards,
Kelly Ayotte
United States Senator
Email Kelly
Manchester Office
1200 Elm Street, Suite 2
Manchester, NH 03101 Phone:
603-622-7979
Nashua Office
144 Main Street
Nashua, NH 03060 Phone:
603-880-3335
North Country Office 19 Pleasant Street, Suite 13B
Berlin, NH 03570 Phone:
603-752-7702 Fax:
603-752-7704
Portsmouth Office
14 Manchester Square, Ste 140
Portsmouth, NH 03801 Phone:
603-436-7161
Washington, DC
144 Russell Senate Office Building
Washington, DC 20510
Phone:
202-224-3324
Email Kelly
|
ayotte.senate.gov
|
Unsubscribe
