
District Update | September 27, 2014
Click here
if you have trouble viewing this email
Congressional hearing reveals dysfunction of
ACAs small business marketplace
When the Affordable Care Act was passed, small businesses were promised a robust marketplace with options to choose health care plans for their employees known as Small Business Health Option Program (SHOP) exchanges. However, SHOP exchanges are plagued by ongoing problems, including a lack of participation by insurance carriers.
Only small businesses in two of Washingtons 39 counties can even purchase insurance through the SHOP exchange. Only one insurance provider is currently participating in Washingtons SHOP.
As our economy in Southwest Washington struggles to recover, small businesses must make health care decisions for their employees in the face of uncertainty caused by Washingtons weak SHOP exchange. Last week I joined the U.S. House Small business Committee in hosting a congressional hearing to examine these failed marketplaces.
Washington Policy Centers Rodger Stark, a retired medical doctor and published health care policy analyst, highlighted that Washington states
small businesses who like Association Health Plans
which existed well before the SHOP exchange
are fearful that they will lose these plans.
And he doesnt see small businesses gaining additional options any time in the coming years.
Hearing highlights about the failure of ACAs small business exchanges:
During the hearing, Dr. Stark stated:
We have three major carriers in the individual market in the state of Washington and so far none of those have opted to participate in the SHOP and we dont see them participating in 2015 and its doubtful in 2016, 2017.
It was disturbing, Dr. Stark, to hear that a lot insurance companies are not participating in the SHOP. And that is not good for consumers. We know that competition drives down costs
Rep. Janice Hahn, (D-CA), Ranking Member of the Health and Technology Subcommittee
We do have Association Health Plans and some other options for those small business who want to offer insurance but the screws are being tightened on those in favor of the SHOP and yet there is only one insurance provider in Washington state that partakes in the SHOP, actually it is in only 2 of the 39 counties. With premiums increasing, small business owners dont have a lot of options but to push people into the individual market."
Jaime Herrera Beutler
Click here to watch more video highlights from the hearing.
Allowing pilots to take flight
The private and recreational aviation industry has a prominent legacy in Southwest Washington. Unfortunately, the number of pilots has been declining in recent decades in large part due to duplicative regulations for flight licenses. This is why I have cosponsored the General Aviation Pilot Protection Act. This legislation would expand the successful FAA Sport Pilot rule to allow pilots who have their flight license fly small aircraft up to 6 seats for personal use without additional licenses.
I applaud FAA for their common sense rule and support the expansion to allow more aviators to enjoy what they love.
TOP NEWS
GOLDENDALE SENTINEL : Jaime Herrera Beutler Guest Editorial: Forest management needs a new outlook and approach
READ MORE HERE
CHINOOK OBSERVER : Attack on ISIL gains near-unanimous support from Washington delegation
READ MORE HERE
CHRONICLE (EDITORIAL):
Our Views: Passage of Regulatory Overreach Protection Act Applauded
READ MORE HERE
Meeting with the Longview Pioneer Lions
Earlier this week, I had the privilege to visit with the Longview Pioneer Lions. It was a fruitful and lively discussion ranging from our local economy to the local impact of federal government regulations.
Veteran Services
The VA is hosting a Veterans Town Hall on September 30, 2014, 6:30-8:00pm.
LOCATION: Portland VA Medical Center Auditorium.
3710 SW US Veterans Hospital Road
Portland, OR 97239
Forward to a Friend
|
Share on Facebook
|
Share on Twitter
|
Permalink
Washington, DC Office
1130 Longworth HOB
Washington, DC 20515
Phone: (202) 225-3536
Fax: (202) 225-3478
Vancouver Office
O.O. Howard House (Officers' Row)
750 Anderson Street, Suite B
Vancouver, WA 98661
Phone: (360) 695-6292
Fax: (360) 695-6197
UPDATE SUBSCRIPTION OPTIONS
|
PRIVACY POLICY
|
CONTACT US
