 that having permitted same sex marriage to spread so widely, it cannot be long before the Supreme Court decides to allow same-sex couples to wed in all 50 states.
The court has already struck down the key provision in the Defense of Marriage Act denying federal benefits to same-sex couples.
This step is just short of showing that in a federal union of states you really cannot have marriage that is legal in some states and not others.
Union Station Roundtable Reveals Improvements in Congestion are Beginning
My Union Station Roundtable last Wednesday showed that the Union Station Redevelopment Corporation and its stakeholders are making progress on some significant improvements for relieving congestion and are already planning for the expansion of Union Station, using the landmarks air rights.
I will visit Union Station later this month to see the improvements that are in the process, and have already written to Union Station to ask for one immediate improvement.
Reminding Republican Senators to Demand Rights at Home, Not Just in Hong Kong
After 10 Republican senators demanded democracy and fair voting practices for Hong Kong, China, following recent demonstrations there, I took to social media to ask them to be consistent and start here at home
where the same rights have been denied in D.C. for more than two centuries.
The Republican signatories who were in the Senate in 2009 voted against granting D.C. voting rights in the House, and all the Republican signatories have tried to restrict the rights of D.C.s local government.
Like the Senators, I stand with the democracy activists in Hong Kong.
Im trying to find Republicans who want that same democracy in their nations capital.
Ensuring that Womens Long Lives are not Marred by Financial Inequality
Yesterday, I delivered opening remarks at a congressional briefing
on women and inequality that looked at how women pay the price for unequal pay with men into old age.
The sponsor of the briefing, the National Committee to Preserve Social Security and Medicare, has just released a new initiative named for Eleanor Roosevelt, called Eleanors Hope, to mobilize women of all ages against inequality with mens income, whether women are in the workforce or raise their family full time.
Hispanic Heritage Month Roundtable Addressed Meeting Needs of Refugee Children in D.C.
I held a Hispanic Heritage Month Roundtable
yesterday to discuss the future of the many unaccompanied children from Central America who have come to Washington D.C.
The District and the region have one of the three largest populations of Central Americans in the country.
The Roundtable coincides with the Presidents approval of $9 million for much-needed legal services for the children for in-country processing for residents of El Salvador, Guatemala, and Honduras, who may qualify for refugee status, saving children from embarking on the dangerous journey back to their countries.
Upcoming Events
Norton in our Neighborhood
Thursday, October 23, 2014
7:00 p.m.
9:00 p.m.
The DC Center for the LGBT Community, 2000 14th Street, NW, Suite 105
An update on the Congresswomans congressional agenda and a meeting with Gays and Lesbians Opposing Violence (GLOV), a program of The DC Center for the LGBT Community, to discuss their new violence and crisis hotline.
Speak-Out Unemployment Insurance Roundtable
Wednesday, October 29, 2014
6:30 p.m.
8:30 p.m.
John A. Wilson Building, Room 412
A discussion with District residents and experts on long-term unemployment insurance.
doctype html
Congresswoman Nortons e-newsletter
Wednesday, October 15, 2014
Supreme Court Moves One Step Closer to Striking Down Same-Sex Marriage Bans
Last Monday, the U.S. Supreme Court declined to review appellate court decisions striking down same-sex marriage bans,
allowing same-sex couples in more than half the country to move forward with their decision to marry.
I believe
that having permitted same sex marriage to spread so widely, it cannot be long before the Supreme Court decides to allow same-sex couples to wed in all 50 states.
The court has already struck down the key provision in the Defense of Marriage Act denying federal
benefits to same-sex couples.
This step is just short of showing that in a federal union of states you really cannot have marriage that is legal in some states and not others.
Union Station Roundtable Reveals Improvements in Congestion are Beginning
My Union Station Roundtable last Wednesday showed that the Union Station Redevelopment Corporation and its
stakeholders are making progress on some significant improvements for relieving congestion and are already planning for the expansion of Union Station, using the landmarks air rights.
I will visit Union Station later this month to see the improvements that
are in the process, and have already written to Union Station to ask for one
immediate improvement.
Reminding Republican Senators to Demand Rights at Home, Not Just in Hong Kong
After 10 Republican senators demanded democracy and fair voting practices for Hong Kong, China, following recent demonstrations
there, I took to social media to ask them to be consistent and
start
here at home
where the same rights have been denied in D.C. for more than two centuries.
The Republican signatories who were in the Senate in 2009 voted against granting D.C.
voting rights in the House, and all the Republican signatories have tried to restrict the rights of D.C.s local government.
Like the Senators, I stand with the democracy activists in Hong Kong.
Im trying to find Republicans who want that same democracy
in their nations capital.
Ensuring that Womens Long Lives are not Marred by Financial Inequality
Yesterday, I delivered opening remarks at a
congressional briefing
on women and inequality that looked at how women pay the price for unequal pay with men into old age.
The sponsor of the briefing, the National Committee to Preserve
Social Security and Medicare, has just released a new initiative named for Eleanor Roosevelt, called Eleanors Hope, to mobilize women of all ages against inequality with mens income, whether women are in the workforce or raise their family full time.
Hispanic Heritage Month Roundtable Addressed Meeting Needs of Refugee Children in D.C.
I held a
Hispanic Heritage Month Roundtable
yesterday to discuss the future of the many unaccompanied children from Central America who have come to Washington D.C.
The District and the region have one of the three largest populations of Central Americans in the country.
The Roundtable coincides with
the Presidents approval of $9 million for much-needed legal services for the children for in-country processing for residents of El Salvador, Guatemala, and Honduras, who may qualify for refugee status, saving children from embarking on the dangerous journey
back to their countries.
Upcoming Events
Norton in our Neighborhood
Thursday, October 23, 2014
7:00 p.m.
9:00 p.m.
The DC Center for the LGBT Community ,
2000 14th Street, NW, Suite 105
An update on the Congresswomans congressional agenda and a meeting
with
Gays and Lesbians Opposing Violence (GLOV), a program of The DC Center for the LGBT Community,
to discuss their new violence and crisis hotline.
Speak-Out Unemployment Insurance Roundtable
Wednesday, October 29, 2014
6:30 p.m.
8:30 p.m.
John A. Wilson Building, Room 412
A discussion with District residents and experts on long-term unemployment insurance.
Thanks for subscribing!
Follow Congresswoman Norton on
Facebook ,
Twitter ,
Instagram ,
YouTube , or her
website
for more updates.
Capitol Hill Office
2136 Rayburn HOB
Washington, D.C. 20515
Phone: (202) 225-8050
Fax: (202) 225-3002
S.E. District Office
2041 Martin Luther King Jr. Ave., S.E.
Washington, D.C. 20020
Phone: (202) 678-8900
Fax: (202) 678-8844
Main District Office
90 K Street, N.E., Suite 100
Washington DC 20001
Phone: (202) 408-9041
Fax: (202) 408-9048
To unsubscribe from our list, please click here .
