
If you are
having trouble viewing this message or would like to share it on a social
network, you can
view the
message online .
HOME
NEWS
SERVICES
LEGISLATION
CONTACT
October 06, 2014
Another Speech vs. Real
Solutions
On Thursday, President Obama gave yet another
speech on the economy. While we can all agree that it is
encouraging to see jobs being created, for millions of Americans, todays
economy is underperforming. And, unfortunately, the presidents rhetoric
never seems to match the reality
not
when paychecks can't keep up with everyday living expenses or when
Americans are simply dropping out of the labor force
altogether.
If President Obama wants to talk, we'd
encourage him to call Majority Leader Reid in the Senate and ask him to
take up one of the more than forty jobs bills the House of
Representatives has sent over. Our solutions rein in regulatory red tape, expand
American-made energy, break down barriers to hiring more veterans and
empower students and parents. Many of these proposals have bipartisan
support. They represent real solutions, not empty
rhetoric.
The president's speech came one day
after the one-year anniversary of the beginning of Obamacare enrollment.
For years, the Obama Administration and its allies in Washington
defended and celebrated Obamacare by making one promise after another to the
American people. One year after enrollment began, those promises have
been predictably broken. Premiums and out-of-pocket expenses have
gone up. Access and choices have gone down due to narrower provider
networks. Many Americans have been kicked off the plan they had, losing
access to the doctors and hospitals they knew and trusted. American job
creators
particularly small businesses
are dealing with the fallout
from Obamacares regulations that punish job creation and economic
growth.
Thankfully, like our
efforts on the broader economy, education and energy, we have solutions
to the challenges in our health care system that can both stop the harm
being done by Obamacare and fix what has ailed our health care system
for years. The
Empowering Patients First Act
that
I have introduced for three straight Congresses expands access to
quality health care by ensuring Americans have the financial
wherewithal to purchase the coverage they want for themselves, not that
Washington dictates to them. It solves the challenges of portability and
pre-existing conditions by letting folks own their coverage and take it
with them even if they change a job or lose a job. By giving
individuals and families the opportunity to pool together with others to gain
the purchasing power of millions, we can make it so no one is priced out
of the market even if they have a bad diagnosis or injury. Our plan
will save billions of dollars each year by enacting meaningful lawsuit
abuse reform to end the practice of defensive
medicine.
On the eve of another enrollment period,
Obamacare is putting Washington in charge by breaking promises and
undermining the doctor-patient relationship. We can change that with
positive solutions that put patients, families and doctors in charge of
health care decisions.
Please Feel Free to
Tell a Friend E-mail:
E-mail: E-mail:
Share on Facebook Share on
Twitter
Washington DC
Office
100 Cannon House Office
Building
Washington DC 20515
Phone: 202-225-4501
Fax: 202-225-4656
District Office:
85-C Mill Street, Suite
300
Roswell, GA 30075
Phone: 770-998-0049
Fax: 770-998-0050
Internet:
Web:
http://tomprice.house.gov
E-mail:
E-mail Tom by clicking here
Unsubscribe
|
Update My Profile
|
Privacy
Policy
