DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.0 Transitional//EN" "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml1/DTD/xhtml1-transitional.dtd"
Send me an email
|
Forward to a Friend
Lets talk about reliability
By Congressman Randy Forbes
September 29, 2014
Let's talk about the importance of reliability. We rely on our cars to start in the morning when we head off to work. We rely on our refrigerators to keep our food fresh and unspoiled. We rely on our electricity to keep our homes powered. We rely on our phones to connect us to loved ones, whether we are traveling or trying to meet up.
Most of these are modern conveniences that make our lives easier. We could generally continue to function in our lives if they ceased to work. But by and large, we expect these conveniences will be there, providing the benefits that they promised when we bought them.
But what about more serious things we rely on? Like medicine arriving on time? Or doctors making a timely diagnosis? Or pay checks to arrive on schedule? Reliability is an important quality no matter what stage of life someone is in, but it is especially important as individuals get older and find themselves on a fixed income and reliant on the consistency of the federal government that promised certain benefits.
I believe our nation has a duty to fulfill the commitments weve made to older citizens, many of whom rely heavily on the promise the federal government made to them decades ago. This is true regardless of whether these older Americans are 100% healthy or find themselves in declining health. After a lifetime of work and service to our communities, Social Security and Medicare should be there for them when they need it.
I also believe that Congress has an obligation to address our nation's fiscal challenges, and I believe it can - and must - be done in a responsible fashion that does not harm seniors or future generations of Americans. Ive introduced legislation (H.R. 3161) to that end to ensure that money allocated to both the Social Security and Medicare Trust Funds can only be used for the purpose for which they were intended.
Ive also made it a priority to continue working to eliminate fraud in Medicare, oppose access to benefits for those here illegally, provide access to local pharmacies, ensure that healthcare decisions are made between patients and their doctors, instead of bureaucrats in Washington, and prioritize medical research to find cures for diseases like cancer, heart disease, and Alzheimers. Why? Because of this simple truth: the extent to which our nation upholds the promises we've made to older people, shows the extent to which we value them. Just as the extent to which our nation upholds the promises we've made to veterans, shows the depth of our gratitude. Keeping our promises is not optional, it's essential.
Beyond keeping promises, we also have an opportunity to help older Americans remain healthy and independent as long as they can.
In October, I will host two free Seniors Toolkit Seminars in Virginia's Fourth District. These seminars provide the most important things older Americans need to know about organizing personal information and financial documents to safeguard themselves in today's digital world. The seminars are free and open to any senior in Virginia's Fourth Congressional District.
WHEN:
Chesapeake:
Chesterfield:
October 10, 2014, 10:30
11:30AM
October 8, 2014 10:00 - 11:00AM
Registration will begin at 10:00AM
Registration will begin at 9:30AM
WHERE:
Chesapeake:
Chesterfield:
Dr Clarence V. Cuffee Community Center
Tyler's Retreat
2019 Windy Rd, Chesapeake, VA 23324
12001 Ironbridge Rd, Chester, VA 23831
Registration is available online for Chesterfield at
http://chesterfieldseniors.eventbrite.com
and Chesapeake at
https://chesapeakeseniors.eventbrite.com .
Wondering where important information or papers are shouldnt be a burden for our seniors or those who help take care of them.
And wondering whether the government will come through on its promises is not something that should keep our older citizens, our veterans
or any Americans
up at night. Reliability must be a core pillar of our country's governance, along with efficiency, effectiveness, and responsibility. It's more than a nice idea - it's an obligation of the government to the people it serves
and something they should be able to rely on.
Home
|
Contact
|
Forward to a Friend
|
Unsubscribe
|
Subscribe
|
Privacy
|
Office Locations
Please do not reply to this message. This email address does not accept incoming messages. To send an email,
click here .
Click Here Click Here