
For Immediate Release
Contact: Lorenz Isidro
Thursday July 4, 1776
(202) 725-6807
Saturday October 25, 2014
WEBSITE
|
FORWARD TO A FRIEND
| SHARE ON:
Combating Ebola Here and Abroad
Dear friend,
With the outbreak of Ebola in West Africa and several confirmed cases in the U.S., we must ensure our airports and healthcare facilities take every precaution to prevent the spread of this virus. Earlier this month, I took the following actions to make sure Illinois is prepared:
Sent a letter to the administration requesting travel restrictions and enhanced airport screenings.
Hosted a roundtable with healthcare leaders in the 13th District to better understand what they need to be prepared.
Sent a letter to the Centers for Disease Control and Preparedness (CDC) to so our healthcare facilities have all of the information needed to properly equip and train medical personnel.
The federal government has provided more than $1 billion in resources to combat Ebola here at home and abroad. We must do everything we can to prevent this disease from spreading.
Included below is a list of resources available to the public along with more information about what I am doing to ensure we are prepared.
In service,
Rodney Davis
Travel Restrictions
I have been in contact with leaders from CDC and the Federal Aviation Administration (FAA) requesting travel restrictions and enhanced screenings of passengers traveling from West Africa to the U.S.
Earlier this week, the administration announced that passengers traveling from Guinea, Liberia and Sierra Leone will be limited to five major airports in the U.S. where they will be extensively screened for the virus and then monitored for the full 21-day incubation period in which the virus can be contracted.
This is in addition to the screening process these travelers receive before flights are boarded in West Africa.
Because Chicago's OHare International Airport is one of the five designated airports, it is extremely important that all of our hospitals in Illinois be prepared.
Training and Equipping Illinois Healthcare Workers
Last week, I met with infectious disease experts and healthcare leaders in central and southwestern Illinois to ensure they are getting the necessary information from the CDC and other federal and state agencies to properly train and equip their healthcare workers. My staff and I have taken their concerns to leaders in Washington, DC and spoken with state leaders to ensure the proper information is provided to every healthcare facility in Illinois.
Hospitals and healthcare providers are working vigilantly to prepare and my office will continue to monitor this situation to ensure healthcare workers and Illinois residents are protected.
Informational Resources
Although Ebola is a very serious virus, it is important to know that it is not an airborne disease and is only transmitted through body fluids when an infected patient is exhibiting symptoms of the virus. Learn more about it by following the links below.
24-Hour Ebola Hotline
Illinois Department of Public Health FAQ on Ebola and Illinois Preparedness
Cases of Ebola Diagnosed in U.S.
CDC Questions and Answers on Ebola
CDC Questions and Answers on Experimental Treatments and Vaccines for Ebola
State Department Ebola Fact Sheet for Travelers
NOTE: Please DO NOT respond to this email as this inbox is unattended. To contact my office please
click here
UPDATE SUBSCRIPTION OPTIONS
|
PRIVACY POLICY
|
CONTACT US
Click Here Click Here