
October 2014 Newsletter
Is this email not displaying correctly? View it in your browser .
October 2014
Our country is facing multiple national security challenges at home and abroad. How we respond to ISIS, Russian aggression, and the crisis on our southern border is critical to both our national security and our sovereignty.
When : Tuesday, October 21st, 6:30-8:00pm - Doors open at 5:30, Opening Remarks at 6:30
Where : The Mabee Center,
81st and Lewis
Who Should Attend : First District Constituents
Why You Should Attend the Securing America Town Hall
The Crisis in the Middle East
ISIS is moving forward as an existential threat to democracy, threatening direct conflict with the United States, while Hamas continues threats of terrorist action towards Israel.
The Crisis on our Southern Border
Drug Cartels and Trans-National Criminal Organizations are destabilizing the border, integrating with terror organizations, and profiting off our lack of operational control.
Make Your Voice Heard
Congressman Bridenstine will answer questions from the audience and address your concerns about our national security and national sovereignty.
For more information visit
http://bridenstine.house.gov/SecuringAmerica
House Votes for Full Audit of the Federal Reserve
I recently voted for the Federal Reserve Transparency Act.
Americans deserve more transparency from the Federal Reserve.
Read More
Local Company Contributes to Israeli Defense
Ducommun LaBarge of Tulsa, a pillar of Oklahoma&rsquo;s defense industry, was selected to provide components for the Iron Dome missile defense system.
Read More
Securing the Blessings of Liberty
In 1787, fifty-five delegates from twelve states began the process of drafting the United States Constitution. Eventually, only thirty-nine of the fifty-five delegates signed the final draft.
Read More
Medal of Honor Recipient Donald Sloat from Coweta
Spc. 4 Sloat was awarded the Medal of Honor posthumously for his heroic act that saved the lives of his companions during the Vietnam War.
Read More
Fighting EPA Regulatory Overreach
Time and time again, we have seen this administration use the regulatory process to increase the federal government&rsquo;s authority, bypass Congressional intent, and trample on states&rsquo; rights.
Read More
follow on Twitter
|
friend on Facebook
|
forward to a friend
Copyright &copy; 2014 Congressman Jim Bridenstine, All rights reserved.
You are receiving this email because you opted in at our website or at an event.
Our mailing address is:
Congressman Jim Bridenstine 2448 E 81st St Suite 5150 Tulsa ,
OK
74137 Add us to your address book
unsubscribe from this list
|
update subscription preferences
