
If you are having trouble viewing this message or
would like to share it on a social network, you can
view the message online .
Website
About Sandy
News
Legislative Work
Serving You
Our District
Contact Me
The Congressional Connector
Week of Oct. 5 - 11,
2014
U.S.
Economy Added 248,000 Jobs Last
Month
The U.S. job market surged in September as
the economy added 248,000 jobs
far more than private economists had
predicted.
The unemployment rate fell to 5.9 percent.
In a
speech last week at Northwestern University in Illinois, President
Obama noted that when he took office in 2009, businesses were laying off
800,000 Americans a month and the jobless rate was 10 percent, so the
U.S. economy has come a long way since then.
As the President
noted, All told, the United States has put more people to work than
Europe, Japan, and every other advanced economy
combined.
This makes you wonder how much
better things could be if the Leadership of the House of
Representatives would pass jobs legislation, or increase the minimum wage, or
finally approved the Paycheck Fairness Act so that women would receive
equal pay for equal
work.
Rep. Levin Supports Student Loan
Refinancing Bill
Today,
71 percent of Americans earning a bachelors degree graduate with
debt, and total student loan debt has reached a staggering $1.2
trillion.
Unlike car loans or home mortgages, Federal student loans are
not eligible for refinancing; as a result, many students are locked
into high interest rates, often 8 to 12 percent.
Average student
loan debt is at $30,000 and growing.
This is a heavy burden for
these young Americans and their families.
To address this problem, Rep. Levin has cosponsored
the Bank on Students Emergency Loan Refinancing Act, [H.R. 4582]
which would allow students to refinance their Federal loans at the lower
rates that were available to new borrowers in the 2013-2014 school
year.
The bill has 140 House cosponsors.
New Data Show
that the Affordable Care Act is Helping Michigan
Residents
In September, the U.S.
Department of Health and Human Services released state-by-state fact
sheets that underscore what we already knewthe Affordable Care Act is
making a real difference for thousands of Michiganders.
Click here
to learn more about how the ACA is working to
make health care more affordable and accessible for Michigan
residents.
Lawmakers Tell Social Security Administration to Increase
Outreach Efforts to Same Sex Couples
Rep. Levin joined over 120 other concerned Members of
Congress in urging the Social Security Administration (SSA) to
improve outreach to same-sex couples.
Generally, same-sex couples are
only eligible to receive Social Security spousal and survivor benefits
if they reside in states where their marriages or civil unions are
recognized.
As the number of states that recognize marriage
equality continues to rise, it is important to ensure that same-sex couples
be made aware that they may now be eligible for these earned
benefits.
In a letter to
SSA Commissioner Colvin, the lawmakers encourage the SSA to to
identify all individuals in same-sex relationships who have applied for
spousal benefits and been deniedin order to educate them regarding
changes in state and federal law and inform them that they may reapply for
benefits.
Rep. Levin Backs Bill to Improve Contraception Access
for Women in the Military
The Department of Defense provides health care to over
three million women through the militarys health program, TRICARE.
Under TRICARE, active duty servicewomen have access to all
prescription drugs at no out-of-pocket costs, including contraception, regardless
of where they acquire their prescription.
However,
non-active
duty servicewomen and female dependents are responsible for
out-of-pock costs, should they decide to fill a prescription outside of a
military treatment facility.
In response, Rep. Levin and 65 other House lawmakers have
co-sponsored the Access to Contraception for Women Servicemembers
and Dependents Act, [H.R. 5524] to ensure that
all
servicemembers receive comprehensive contraception, with no out-of-pocket costs,
regardless of where they obtain their prescription.
This bill
would align TRICAREs contraceptive coverage measures with those offered
by the Affordable Care Act to ensure that all female servicemembers
have access to the same basic contraception and family planning services
as the women they protect.
Share on Facebook Share on
Twitter
E-mail Updates
Yes, please periodically send me e-mail
updates.*
*By subscribing to my
e-mail updates, you are authorizing me to send regular e-mail updates
from my office to your e-mail account.
CONTACT INFORMATION
DC Office
1236 Longworth HOB
Washington, DC
20515
Phone: (202) 225-4961
Fax: (202) 226-1033
Home
Office
27085 Gratiot Ave
Roseville, MI 48066
Phone:
586-498-7122
Fax: 586-498-7123
Unsubscribe
|
Update My
Profile
|
Privacy Policy
