 Mail
begin
If you are having trouble viewing this
message or would like to share it on a social network, you can
view the message online .
Home
About Randy
Serving You
News
Our District
Contact
October 11, 2014
In this
issue:
Overcoming Illinois
Economic Climate
Building
America through Skills Training
Celebrating and Defending Illinois
Farmers
Ensuring Emergency Preparedness from
Infectious Diseases
Overcoming Illinois Economic Climate
My priority in Congress and as Ive traveled around the 14th
District is finding out from employers what they need to hire just
one more worker, and learning from workers what skills and training they
need to fill the jobs available now.
Its no secret that Illinois continually rates as one
of the most challenging states in which to do business. I wanted to
hear directly from employers on what obstacles they face to expanding
their operations and hiring more workers, and how to help remove those
obstacles. Thats why I invited local employers and business leaders
to a breakfast discussion on the current economic climate and how to
help Illinois businesses grow.
(Rep. Hultgren meets with
14th District business leaders)
I also met with McHenry County officials, including members
of the county board and the McHenry County Economic Development
Corporation (EDC), to discuss how our communities can work together with
businesses to help them thrive.
(Rep. Hultgren meets with McHenry County officials to
discuss boosting the 14th District economy)
Later, I visited employees and executives at Parksite
which serves the building industry through sales, marketing, and
distribution of the materials they need for interior and exterior
projects. Parksite is another great example of an Employee Stock Ownership
Plan (ESOP) company where employees have a direct stake in the companys
success. Its a great model for Illinois businesses to thrive amidst
uncertainty, and for their employees to become even more motivated to
see the business succeed.
Click
here
for information on a bill I introduced
to encourage more employee ownership in businesses across the
country.
Building America through
Skills Training
Speaking of getting America back to building things, I met with Illinois
members and leadership of Associated Builders and Contractors (ABC), a
national association representing 23,000 merit shop construction and
construction-related firms with nearly two million
employees.
We talked about how to survive
amidst a challenging economy, what they need to expand and hire more
workers, and how to remove obstacles to that end.
Their top
concerns?
Uncertainty regarding government
economic policy
Too
many intrusive or needless regulations
High taxes
Massive government mandates, like the Presidents
healthcare law
Lack
of skilled workers needed to fill critical positions
The House
has acted repeatedly to address these issues through numerous jobs
bills, from the bipartisan SKILLS Act which was signed into to law to help
train and retrain workers to match their skills with the available
jobs of the 21st
century, to passing the Revitalize American Manufacturing
and Innovation (RAMI) Act to help small and mid-sized manufacturers
expand their research and development capabilities and train an advanced
manufacturing workforce.
The House also passed the Regulations from the Executive In Need of
Scrutiny Act (REINS) Act, a bill sitting in the Senate which ensures
that Congress, not unelected bureaucrats, retains control and
accountability for the content of the laws passed on the American people. I
cosponsored the American Renaissance in Manufacturing (ARM) Act to
create a fairer and more competitive tax code, rein in bureaucratic red
tape and reduce frivolous lawsuits, among other
things.
I will continue to fight in Congress
on behalf of Illinois workers and employers.
Celebrating and Defending Illinois
Farmers
Did you know that Illinois'
agricultural commodities generate more than $19 billion annually? Our
state's 74,300 farms are a key to our economy and our prosperity. I
believe that Illinois farms means Illinois jobs and we must protect and
preserve all agriculture-related industries. I was thrilled to accept the
Friend of Agriculture award from the Illinois Farm Bureau as I
continue to defend their interests in Congress.
(Rep. Hultgren
accepts award from Kane County Farm Bureau, McHenry County Farm
Bureau, and Illinois Farm Bureau
representatives)
Ensuring Emergency Preparedness from
Infectious Diseases
The
country is rightfully concerned at the spread of the Ebola virus. The
federal government has taken action. The Centers for Disease Control and
Prevention (CDC) and the Department of Homeland Security have announced
new layers of entry screening at the five U.S. airports, including
Chicago OHare, that receive more than 94 percent of travelers from
Ebola-affected nations.
We
must make sure we are prepared at home for all emergencies. This week
I met with officials from McHenry County Public Health and Emergency
Management Agencies to discuss emergency preparedness in the face of
growing concerns about infectious diseases.
As we continue to focus on the safety of American
citizens, I want to hear from you. Please use the Contact button at
the top of this email to share with me your thoughts and suggestions on
how else the federal government should respond to the Ebola
crisis.
If you havent
already, be sure to like my
Facebook page , follow me on Twitter ( @RepHultgren ), or check
out my
YouTube page
to stay
informed on everything Im doing on your behalf in Washington and in
Illinois.
As always,
thank you for the honor and privilege of serving
you.
In Your
Service,
Randy Hultgren
Member of Congress
14th District, Illinois
Randy in the News
Save the Date: Hultgren to Host Veterans
Forum on Fraud Protection
(Chicago Tribune TribLocal)
Which phone do lawmakers like the most?
(The
Hill)
Politicians Meet in the Middle on Issues
Impacting Midsized Companies
(Middle Market Voice) Share on
Facebook
Celebrating and Hearing
from our Veterans
(Rep. Hultgren speaks with veterans at VFW Post
#4600)
(Rep. Hultgren visits the Purple Heart Memorial at the McHenry County
Government Center with Rich Young who spearheaded the effort to have it
built)
Tell a Friend
E-mail:
E-mail:
E-mail:
E-mail Updates
Yes, please periodically send me e-mail
updates.*
*By subscribing to my
e-mail updates, you are
authorizing me to send regular e-mail updates from my office to your e-mail
account.
Contact Information
Washington, DC
332
Cannon HOB
Washington, DC 20515
Phone:
(202) 225-2976
Fax: (202) 225-0697
Geneva Office
1797
State Street Suite A
Geneva, IL 60134
Phone: (630) 232-7104
Fax: (630) 232-7174
Unsubscribe
|
Update My Profile
|
Privacy
Policy
