
Dear Friend,
Thank you for signing up to receive my email newsletter. These
newsletters will cover a variety of topics, including events happening
in Indiana, legislation being considered in Congress, and my
perspective on current issues. My hope is to keep you updated and
informed on how issues in Washington may impact Hoosiers. I welcome
your feedback.
Thanks for reading,
Dan Coats
_____
Rural Communities Must Be Considered in Health Care Decisions
Recent policy decisions by the Centers for Medicare and Medicaid
Services (CMS) have not adequately reflected the reality of health care
delivery in America's rural areas. For example, seniors, families,
veterans and others often are forced to travel long distances for
appropriate care.
This week, I joined a bipartisan group of 34 senators in expressing
concern to the Obama Administration that federal rules for health care
facilities do not adequately consider the impact these decisions have
on rural communities.
In a letter to the CMS director, we asked for details about how the
agency is incorporating rural health care experts earlier in
rule-drafting and called for comprehensive information on the
rulemaking process. We also called on CMS to work toward practices and
standards that take rural health facilities into account during its
initial rulemaking process. Such efforts would help make sure, among
others, that Medicare beneficiaries will be able to obtain care within
their own communities when possible.
I am committed to ensuring that federal policy recognizes the unique
challenges facing our rural communities in Indiana. Our letter can be
viewed here
.
_____
Coats Named Champion of Entrepreneurs and Small Business
Encouraging innovation and supporting policies that ensure our small
businesses and entrepreneurs thrive is one of my key priorities, so it
was an honor to be named a Champion of Entrepreneurs and Small
Business.
I will continue to fight for policies that allow our Hoosier
entrepreneurs and small businesses to create solutions that make our
economy diverse, innovative and stronger
Senator Coats was named a Champion of Entrepreneurs and Small Business
by the Small Business & Entrepreneurship Council (SBE Council) for his
support of legislative policies critical to Indiana's entrepreneurs and
small business owners.
Senator Coats received a rating of 100 percent from the SBE Council.
Coats in the News
Coats Statement on Fallen Hoosier Marine Corporal Jordan Spears
Dan Coats: Visa program may be hole in security
Sen. Coats: Airstrikes aren't enough to end war on ISIS
Biden not wrong on Middle East, Coats says
Coats Blasts Secret Service Blunders, Says Agency's Culture Must Change
Coats Receives NAM Award for Manufacturing Legislative Excellence
_____
Stay Connected
_____
This week I sat down with Indiana's NewsCenter in Fort Wayne to discuss
the ISIS threat. Click on the image above to watch the interview.
To unsubscribe please
Click Here
Contact Me
Latest News
A message
from Senator Dan Coats
Dear
Friend,
Thank you for signing up to receive my email
newsletter. These newsletters will cover a variety of topics,
including
events happening in Indiana, legislation being
considered
in Congress, and my perspective on current issues.
My
hope is to keep you updated and informed on how issues in Washington may impact Hoosiers. I welcome your
feedback.
Thanks for reading,
Dan Coats
Rural
Communities Must Be Considered in Health Care Decisions
Recent
policy decisions by the Centers for Medicare and Medicaid Services (CMS) have not adequately reflected
the reality of health care delivery in America&#8217;s rural areas. For example, seniors, families, veterans
and others often are forced to travel long distances for appropriate care.
This
week, I joined a bipartisan group of 34 senators in expressing concern to the Obama Administration that
federal rules for health care facilities do not adequately consider the impact these decisions have on
rural communities.
In a
letter to the CMS director, we asked for details about how the agency is incorporating rural health care
experts earlier in rule-drafting and called for comprehensive information on the rulemaking process.
We also called on CMS to work toward practices and standards that take rural health facilities into account
during its initial rulemaking process. Such efforts would help make sure, among others, that Medicare
beneficiaries will be able to obtain care within their own communities when possible.
I am
committed to ensuring that federal policy recognizes the unique challenges facing our rural communities
in Indiana. Our letter can be viewed
here .
Coats Named Champion of Entrepreneurs and Small Business
Encouraging innovation and supporting policies that ensure our small businesses and
entrepreneurs thrive is one of my key priorities, so it was an honor to be named a Champion of Entrepreneurs
and Small Business.
I will continue to fight for policies that allow our Hoosier entrepreneurs and small
businesses to create solutions that make our economy diverse, innovative and stronger
Senator Coats was named a Champion of Entrepreneurs and Small Business by the Small Business &amp;
Entrepreneurship Council (SBE Council) for his support of legislative policies critical to Indiana&#8217;s
entrepreneurs and small business owners.
Senator Coats received a rating of 100 percent from the SBE Council.
Coats
in the News
Coats
Statement on Fallen Hoosier Marine Corporal Jordan Spears
Dan
Coats: Visa program may be hole in security
Sen.
Coats: Airstrikes aren&#8217;t enough to end war on ISIS
Biden
not wrong on Middle East, Coats says
Coats
Blasts Secret Service Blunders, Says Agency's Culture Must Change
Coats
Receives NAM Award for Manufacturing Legislative Excellence
Stay
Connected
This week I sat down with Indiana's
NewsCenter in Fort Wayne to discuss the ISIS threat. Click on the image above to watch the interview.
To
unsubscribe please
Click
Here
Contact
Me Latest
News
