
Ebola in the Homeland
Dear Friend,
The threat of Ebola spreading worldwide is deeply concerning, and if not properly contained, could cause a severe threat to America.
This week the Department of Homeland Security announced new travel restrictions for those coming from West African countries .
I fully support considering steps that will protect Americans from Ebola, including travel bans on those coming from West Africa; temporary suspension of visas; actively and aggressively screening passengers entering the United States for signs of the deadly virus; and when necessary, putting suspected carriers of the virus in quarantine.
See the links below for more information on Congresss recent work to protect Americans and the Federal governments response to this threat.
Our thoughts and prayers are with the men and women in uniform from Hampton Roads
and across the nation
who have been and who will be deployed to help fight the Ebola virus abroad.
Please join us in praying for the safe return home of each of these brave Americans
and for the families who are waiting for them.
The House's Response to the Ebola Outbreak
The Facts About Funding for the Fight Against Ebola
Homeland Security Committee
New Screening Measures for Ebola
Energy and Commerce - Background Memorandum on the Ebola Investigation
House Armed Services Committee
Fact Sheet: DOD Response to Ebola Crisis
Note: On Tuesday the Virginia Department of Health opened an Ebola Hotline to help answer questions from the public and provide the most up-to-date information to Virginians.
The number -- 1-877-ASK-VDH3 (1-877-275-8343) -- is available 24 hours a day, seven days a week.
Mindful that I work for you, I remain
Yours in Freedom,
Scott Rigell
Your Congressman in the News
Scott spoke with WAVY news about human trafficking in America. Click
here
to watch.
Last week, Scott joined the John Fredericks Radio Show to discuss the Ebola virus and the Administration's important oversight role to ensure Americans are protected and the disease is contained. You can listen to the full interview by clicking
here .
Where Have You Been, Scott?
Visiting the overnight Curtis Construction crew on Interstate 264
Speaking at our Second Annual State of the Chesapeake Bay discussion
Participating in a UPS delivery ride-along
Greeting a good friend, Barbara Hamm Lee from WHRO, at our Second Annual Hampton Roads job fair
Meeting with Rear Admiral Craig S. Faller, Navy Chief of Legislative Affairs
Touring Mary Immaculate Ambulatory Surgery Center in VA-02
Historical Quote:
"I am a firm believer in the people. If given the truth, they can be depended upon to meet any national crisis. The great point is to bring them the real facts."
-Abraham Lincoln
Helpful Resources
Watch live floor proceedings in the House of Representatives (when in session)
Find out what happened on the House floor today
Learn about the legislative process
2014 House Legislative Calendar (113th Congress, Second Session)
WEBSITE
|
UNSUBSCRIBE
|
CONTACT
Click Here Click Here