
Mail begin
If you are having trouble
viewing this message or would like to share it on a social network,
you can
view the message
online .
October 09, 2014
Update My Profile
A MESSAGE FROM
CONGRESSMAN STENY H. HOYER
Throughout October,
we mark Domestic Violence Awareness Month. Domestic violence is not a
partisan issue and its not just a women's issue
it is a family and
community issue. One in three women and one in four men will be a
victim of domestic violence in their lifetime.
I am proud to
have been a cosponsor of the original Violence Against Women Act (VAWA),
which was signed into law in 1994. Since its enactment, VAWA has
helped to protect women and families throughout our country.
Last
year, Congress reauthorized this bill and expanded protections to LGBT
Americans, Native Americans, and immigrants. I also commend the Maryland
General Assembly for passing three new laws that went into effect
last Wednesday, October 1, to protect victims of domestic violence and
sexual assault and hold their abusers accountable.
I will
continue to be an advocate for stronger measures that help law
enforcement and victim service providers break the vicious cycle of domestic
violence in our communities and protect victims as they heal and rebuild
their lives.
Maryland has a number of programs and
resources available to respond to domestic and sexual violence that I am
sharing with you below. For a list of additional resources and information,
click here
to visit the Maryland Network
Against Domestic Violence.
If you or someone you know is
experiencing domestic violence or sexual assault, call the
National Domestic Violence Hotline
at 1-800-799-7233
for help. Victims of domestic violence can also receive local
assistance by calling the Maryland statewide helpline at
1-800-MD-HELPS (1-800-634-3577).
Maryland
Health Care Coalition Against Domestic Violence
provides
screening, education, intervention and treatment of domestic violence
victims.
Maryland Safe at Home Address
Confidentiality Program
helps individuals who have relocated or
are about to relocate.
Maryland
VINE (Victim Information &amp; Notification Everyday)
allows
crime victims to obtain timely and reliable information about
criminal cases and the custody status of offenders 24 hours a
day.
Womens Law Center of
Maryland
provides legal resources and information, especially in the area of family
law and in the workplace.
As always, thank you
for allowing me to share this update with you. Please continue to
share your concerns and insights with me by contacting my office or
connecting with me on
Facebook ,
Twitter , or
YouTube .
With warmest regards, I am
Sincerely
yours,
Steny H. Hoyer
Update My Profile
Unsubscribe
|
Privacy Policy
This is an official
e-mail from Congressman Steny Hoyer. You have
received
this e-mail because you subscribed to Congressman Hoyer 's
E-Newsletter, authorizing Rep. Hoyer to send periodic updates
to your
e-mail address.
We
are committed to protecting your privacy, so
your
e-mail address will NEVER be sold or exchanged. If you would like
to unsubscribe from this newsletter, please reply to
this message with
"Unsubscribe" in the subject line.
