
If you are having trouble viewing this message or would like
to share it on a social network, you can
view the message online .
HOME
CONTACT US
CONSTITUENT SERVICES
ISSUES AND LEGISLATION
October 26, 2014
139th Airlift Wing
at Rosecrans Air National Guard Base :
It was a
privilege to visit the 139th Airlift Wing at Rosecrans Air National
Guard Base on Tuesday. We discussed the mission of the 139th, including
their unique capabilities as a training center.
I also met
with community leaders to learn about the ongoing levee needs in the
area.
To read the St. Joe News Press-Nows report on the
visit,
click here .
Update from the Parsons VA Outpatient
Clinic :
I received an update on the work being done at the VA Community
Based Outpatient Clinic in Parsons to serve area veterans. On Thursday, I
spoke with staff and patients about the role this facility plays in
providing local care.
They are continuing to expand cutting
edge services, such as optometric and podiatry screenings, so veterans
dont have to travel long distances for care. We also discussed the
implementation of the Veterans Access, Choice, and Accountability Act of
2014, which became law in August with my support. I look forward to
working our local VA facilities on providing our nations heroes with
the best care possible.
Making Health Costs
&amp; Quality More Transparent :
On Tuesday, I
hosted a briefing on Capitol Hill focused on ways Congress can help
empower consumers with information that will allow them to make informed
decisions when they seek out health care. I am happy to report that
lots of folks are interested in making health costs more transparent,
and we had over 40 attendees from both Republican and Democratic offices
at the event.
The briefing was held in conjunction with
David Newman, Executive Director of the Health Care Cost Institute
(HCCI). HCCI is a non-partisan organization working on a healthcare cost
website that will provide free local healthcare quality and cost data
for consumers.
As health costs continue to rise, and
individuals around the country are losing the coverage they liked due to
passage of the Affordable Care Act, I feel it is crucial that consumers
have reliable data and cost transparency so we can change the way
Americans consume healthcare.
Local Business Tour in
Hiawatha :
On Wednesday, I had the opportunity to
visit local businesses in Hiawatha. My first priority is to listen to
the folks from all across Eastern Kansas and take their ideas and
counsel to Washington. Thank you to the employees of the Daily Perk,
Giggle Girls Cakery, Sister Eats and Treats, and Janelle &amp; Co. for
telling me about their business!
To see the Hiawatha Worlds
report on the tour,
click here .
Southeast Kansas Local Business
Tour :
On Thursday, State Senator Jake LaTurner joined me on a
local business tour in Southeast Kansas. We stopped by ProMotion Physical
Therapy and 24Hour Fitness in Cherryvale, Team Threads and Evans
Drug in Columbus, and Belleview Brewing and Eye Scream Labs in Galena. We
heard directly from business owners and employees about what we can
do to help them out from Washington, and make life
easier.
To watch KODE/KSNs coverage of the tour,
click
here .
Around the District: Leavenworth,
Atchison, Parsons, Sabetha :
On Monday, I
toured Zephyr Products, Inc. in Leavenworth.
I also spoke
to Professor Raymond's government class at Benedictine College. We
discussed my role in Congress, Ebola, and the threat posed by ISIL. Thank
you to all of the students for the great questions and I look forward
to coming back soon.
Had a great discussion and tour at
Crosswind Petfoods, Inc.in Sabetha. It was exciting to hear about
their expansion and nationwide distribution of quality pet
products.
On Thursday, I spoke at the Parsons Rotary Club meeting
about the bipartisan work I am doing in Congress and what my
legislative priorities are for the coming months.
I also toured the
new Sonny &amp; Sophia Zetmeir Health Science Building at Labette
Community College.
Please Feel Free to Tell a
Friend
E-mail:
E-mail:
E-mail:
Washington, DC Office
1027 Longworth HOB
Washington, D.C. 20515
Phone: (202)
225-6601
Fax: (202) 225-7986
Pittsburg Office
1001 N. Broadway Street #C
Pittsburg, KS 66762
Phone: (620)
231-LYNN (5966)
Fax: (620) 231-5972
Topeka Office
3550 SW 5th Street
Topeka, KS 66606
Phone: (785) 234-LYNN
(5966)
Fax: (785) 234-5967
Independence
Office
120 N. 6th Street
Independence, KS 67301
Phone: (620) 231-LYNN (5966)
Fax: (620) 231-5972
Unsubscribe
|
Update My
Profile
|
Privacy Policy
