
For Immediate Release
Contact: Lale Morrison
October 02, 2014
(202) 225-1313
October 2014
The Hastings Monthly Report
Recognizing October as Domestic Violence Awareness Month
Each year, the month of October is dedicated to recognizing the survivors and their families, who have suffered domestic violence, as well as those who work every day to eliminate violence and abuse in America. Twenty years ago, Congress passed the Violence against Women Act, which was signed into law on September 13, 1994. I was a proud cosponsor and supporter for this landmark piece of legislation and for its reauthorization. Although the law has been highly successful in combating domestic violence, our efforts are far from over.
Unfortunately, domestic violence is still too common in the United States as one four women are subjected to domestic violence throughout the course of their lifetimes. According to the National Coalition Against Domestic Violence, over 1.3 million women and over 800,000 men experience domestic violence annually.
This years Domestic Violence Awareness Month represents an important opportunity to continue to eliminate domestic violence, especially after domestic violence made national headlines with Ray Rice and the NFL. I stand committed to working towards fully eliminating domestic violence and helping those who have suffered from domestic violence.
Addressing the ISIL Threat
Over 20 days have passed since President Barack Obama outlined our countrys response to the threat posed by the Islamic State in Iraq and the Levant (ISIL), and Congress still has not met to debate and authorize a military response to the undoubtedly grave threat posed by ISIL.
As you may remember, I sent letters to House Speaker John Boehner and President Obama on August 14, 2014 requesting that Congress be called back into session so that we could debate the growing crisis in Iraq and Syria. On September 10, 2014, President Obama addressed the country and informed us that the United States would, among other measures, engage in an air campaign within in Syria in hopes of degrading ISIL.
Within this context, I have renewed my request to Speaker Boehner and President Obama, respectively, that Congress be called back into session so that we in Congress may fulfill our responsibilities under Article I of the Constitution. It may very well be the case that the threat posed by ISIL must be addressed through the use of our military might, but the legitimacy of that force is borne from an open and full debate in Congress rather than on reliance on the Authorization for Use of Military Force Against Terrorists (AUMF)
a bill passed over a decade ago in response to the tragedy of September 11, 2001.
The American people deserve an open and extensive debate regarding the efficacy of enlarging our military presence in the Middle East, and it is my sincere hope that those of us in Congress will return to Washington as soon as possible to meet our constitutional responsibilities by engaging in such a debate.
Commemorating the 5th Anniversary of the
Matthew Shepard and James Byrd, Jr. Hate Crimes Prevention Act
October 28th marks the fifth anniversary of the signing of the
Matthew Shepard and James Byrd, Jr. Hate Crimes Prevention Act
into law.
This critical legislation expanded federal law to include those crimes directed at individuals because of their gender, gender identity, sexual orientation, or disability.
Previously, such protections were limited to crimes motivated by an individuals perceived race, color, national origin, or religion.
Hate crimes tear at the fabric of our society and fragment communities.
The
Matthew Shepard and James Byrd, Jr. Hate Crimes Prevention Act
represents a momentous step towards bringing the full protection of the law to those targeted by bias-motivated violence simply because of who they are.
It was named in memory of Matthew Shepard, a gay 21-year-old University of Wyoming student who was brutally tortured and murdered in 1998, and James Byrd, Jr., an African American man who was severely beaten and dragged to death behind a pick-up truck in Texas in the same year.
Crimes of hatred and prejudice
from lynchings to cross burnings to vandalism of synagogues
are a sad fact of American history.
However, we as a nation still have a long way to go towards alleviating these crimes that have such a devastating impact on our communities.
According to the Federal Bureau of Investigation (FBI), in 2012 law enforcement agencies reported 5,796 hate crime incidents involving 6,718 offenses and a total of 7,164 hate crime victims.
As a lawyer, judge, and Member of Congress, I have dedicated my life to protecting the civil and human rights of all Americans.
Today, racial conflict and religious intolerance remain all too pervasive in this country, and it is particularly troubling that anti-Semitism is once again on the rise in many of our communities.
On March 12, 2014, I was joined by several of my colleagues in hosting a breakfast for Black and Jewish Members of Congress in order to continue the dialogue on addressing issues of racism and anti-Semitism.
Congressman Alcee L. Hastings serves as Senior Member of the House Rules Committee, Ranking Democratic Member of the U.S. Helsinki Commission, and Co-Chairman of the Florida Delegation
###
NOTE: Please DO NOT respond to this email as this inbox is unattended. To contact my office please
click here
UNSUBSCRIBE
|
PRIVACY POLICY
|
CONTACT US
Click Here Click Here