
If you are
having trouble viewing this message or would like to share it on a
social network, you can
view the message online .
Unsubscribe
Update My Profile
Jose E. Serrano, Representing the 15th Congressional District in
the Bronx
Website
|
Biography
|
Services
|
Press
Releases
|
Issues
|
Legislation
|
Contact
October 03, 2014
In the Bronx
Congressman Serrano Celebrates First Annual African Heritage
Month Celebration
Last
Thursday, U.S. Congressman Jos E. Serrano (D-NY) hosted the first
African Heritage Month Celebration in the Bronx. During the celebration,
Congressman Serrano honored the work of four African community leaders
who have distinguished themselves for their work in New York City and
the Bronx and presented them with statements to be submitted into
Congressional Record:
Dr. Bola Omotosho, Chair, Community Board #5;
Stephanie Arthur, President and Founder of S. Arthur Group LLC;
Djounedou Titikpina (Titi) President of African People Alliance (APA), Inc.;
and Sheikh Moussa Drammeh, Principal of the Islamic Leadership
School.
Last week, I had the pleasure
of hosting the First Annual African Heritage Month in the Bronx to
celebrate the many contributions of the African community and honor the
work of some of the remarkable leaders that are truly making a
difference in our borough.
People like Dr.
Omotosho, Ms. Drammeh, Ms. Arthur, and Mr. Titikpina work tirelessly
every day on behalf of the African community and the Bronx as a
whole.
They are a small representation of a vast community that is
changing the face of the Bronx and I was thrilled to recognize their
achievements and contributions. I look forward to continue working with
them in the future, and celebrating African Heritage Month in the Bronx
for years to come, said Congressman Serrano.
CAPTION: Congressman Serrano stands with honorees and other
members of the Bronx African community at the First Annual African
Heritage Month Celebration.
Congressman Serrano Announces $350,000 in Funding for the Bronx Defenders
Holistic Defense
On
Monday, U.S. Congressman Jos E. Serrano (D-NY) announced that the
Department of Justice (DOJ), Office of Justice Assistance, has awarded a
$350,000 grant to the Bronx Defenders for Holistic Defense. Awarded
through the Edward Byrne Memorial Justice Assistance Grant Program,
these funds will allow the Bronx Defenders to provide 24 months of
intensive training to public defender offices in their comprehensive
interdisciplinary approach to defending clients, while addressing related
civil legal issues and providing non-legal social work support in the
Bronx.
I am extremely pleased
to announce that a groundbreaking organization like the Bronx
Defenders has been awarded federal money to continue helping our community and
to bring their model to other localities.
Bronx Defenders
offers legal services for criminal trials, but their service model goes
well beyond that. It also offers social services and help with
employment, housing, and other issues that may arise because of a persons
involvement with the criminal justice system.
Its
interdisciplinary approach is a great example of what can be achieved when we treat
each person as an individual with unique needs, when we work to
mitigate the impact of the criminal justice system on their lives, and when
we promote alternatives to incarceration.
I am glad to see the
Department of Justice recognize the success of their work, just as so
many in the Bronx already have, said Congressman
Serrano
When a person is charged with a crime, Bronx
Defenders for Holistic Defense examine his or her personal
circumstances, their lives and needs, and makes these factors an important
component of their legal case. They also address the impact that facing
criminal charges may have in other areas of their life
including
employment status, housing, and family situation.
Bronx Defenders
approach is to provide comprehensive support for all of these issues, in
order to address the full impact of the criminal justice system on an
individual, their family, and their community. This grant will allow the
Center to continue for an additional two years their training and
assistance to public defenders that want to adopt the holistic defense
approach in their own jurisdiction. For more information about Bronx
Defenders, please visit:
http://www.bronxdefenders.org/
In
New York City
Congressman Serrano Applauds Mayor de Blasios Expansion and Increase of NYC
Living Wage
On
Tuesday, Congressman Jos E. Serrano applauded Mayor de Blasios Executive
Order to expand New York Citys Fair Wages for New Yorkers Act and
raise the living wage from $11.90 to $13.13 per hour for workers who dont
receive benefits, and from $10.30 to $11.50 for workers who do
receive benefits. Mayor de Blasio announced the initiative in the Bronx with
U.S. Secretary of Labor Thomas Perez.
This is welcome news for Bronx residents and I applaud Mayor De
Blasios efforts to raise the standard of living for many hard working
families who need to make ends meet. Thanks to this initiative,
thousands of families in New York, including many in my congressional
district, will have access to up to an additional $10,000 in additional
financial resources each year. Mayor De Blasio has taken an important
step close the gap between the rich and the poor in our city and provide
our families with more economic opportunities, said Congressman
Serrano.
Under the new mandate,
commercial tenants that receive more than $1 million in City subsidies will
now be covered by the Living Wage provision, increasing the number of
workers who qualify from 1,200 to 18,000. According to City estimates,
more than 4,000 of the workers who will benefit from the law over the
next five years earn close to the states minimum wage of $8 an hour
and will see an annual income increase of $10,000
a pay increase from
$16,640 to $27,310. Todays announcement is one of the steps Mayor de
Blasio has taken to address income inequality in the
City.
For more information about Mayor de Blasio's
Executive Order to expand and increase New York City's Living Wage
today click
HERE .
Serrano Applauds $120,000 Grant for the New
York Immigration Coalition
Last Friday, Congressman
Jos E. Serrano applauded the awarding of a $119,340 justice
AmeriCorps grant
to the
New York Immigration Coalition
(NYIC) to facilitate legal
representation to unaccompanied minors who face immigration
proceedings in New York City.
The funding is part of a total of $1.8
million in federal grants announced last week by the U.S. Department of
Justice (DOJ) and the Corporation for National and Community Service
(CNCS), which jointly administer the AmeriCorps National programs, to
help children who have crossed the U.S.-Mexico border without a parent or
legal guardian.
The NYIC coalition will
recruit and place eight justice AmeriCorps Fellows in different NYC
legal services organizations. Grantees will also help identify children
who have been victims of human trafficking or abuse, and refer all
relevant cases to the proper authorities for investigation and
prosecution.
One of the main challenges that unaccompanied minors
encounter after crossing the U.S.-Mexico border is having to go through
immigration court completely alone. Left to their own devices, more
often than not they end up facing deportation even if they qualify for
some sort legal protection or asylum. Human trafficking and child abuse
crimes that may have been committed against them also end up
unreported.
That is why I pushed to increase flexibility for the
Executive Office of Immigration Review to increase legal representation for
minors and other vulnerable groups in last years Commerce, Justice,
Science Appropriations bill. With this initiative, the Department of
Justice (DOJ) and the Corporation for National and Community Service
(CNCS) have taken an important step to help NYC and the rest of the nation
deal with the large number of unaccompanied children arriving in the
U.S. and to protect one of our most vulnerable populations, said
Congressman Serrano. New York City has seen one of the largest influxes
of unaccompanied children. This funding and the services that the New
York Immigration Coalition will coordinate are crucial for our city and
for our immigrant families. Together with Mayor De Blasios
direct social services initiative announced last week, and the funding
recently provided by the New York City Council, this firmly establishes
New York City as a leader in providing fair treatment and due process
to unaccompanied minors, he added.
This funding comes on top of two initiatives recently announced by
Mayor De Blasio and the City of New York to provide direct social
services for the first time ever to unaccompanied minors and their family or
legal guardians at the NYC Immigration Court. Representatives from
NYCs Department of Education (DOE) and Department of Health and Mental
Hygiene (DOHMH) will be stationed at the federal immigration court to
help them access health care, education and other social service
programs. The New York City Council will also join efforts with two
philanthropic organizations - the Robin Hood Foundation and the New York
Community Trust - and give a total of $1.9 million in funding to a
coalition of organizations in New York to provide legal representation and
other services to unaccompanied immigrant children. Some of the
organizations that will receive funding for these purposes are: The Door, The
Legal Aid Society, Catholic Charities Community Services, and the Safe
Passage Project.
Congressman Serrano Applauds City Council Bill to Limit Use of ICE
Retainers
Yesterday, City Council
Speaker Melissa Mark-Viverito, along with Council Members Daniel Dromm,
Rafael Espinal, and Immigration Committee Chair Carlos Menchaca announced
groundbreaking legislation to protect immigrants in New York by
restricting the use and enforcement of ICE detainers. Under current New
York City law, the New York Police Department honors detainer requests
without a judicial warrant and in cases where individuals are accused of
a felony or certain misdemeanors. This legislation will limit even
further the Citys collaboration with ICE by allowing detainer requests
only if the person arrested has been convicted of a violent or serious
crime during the previous five years or found to be a possible match
on the terrorist watch list.
ICE
detainers have had a terrible impact on our immigrant families and we
need to restrict their use and enforcement here in New York City. Its
simply unacceptable that someone can end up facing deportation after
being arrested for minor crimes they may not even be guilty of
committing. Numerous court cases have demonstrated that ICE detainer requests
are voluntary for states, and this bill will limit the role they play
in the City by allowing them only when the subject has been convicted
of a serious crime in the past five years. I applaud the efforts of
Council Speaker Melissa Mark Viverito to protect NYCs immigrants and
help promote an environment where they can live without constant fear
of deportation, said Congressman Jose E. Serrano
(D-NY).
For more information about the bill, click
HERE
or
HERE .
Grant
Announcement
Early Head Start
Grantee - Bronx County, New York
Deadline: November 24, 2014
The Department of Health and Human Services has made funding
available through the Administration for Children and Families to support
interested parties interested in providing Early Head Start services
in Bronx County. This Early Head Start program will provide services to
eligible infants, toddlers, pregnant women, and their families who
reside in The Bronx. All nonprofits, institutions of higher education,
community or faith-based organizations, for-profit agencies, public
housing authorities, and local government groups are encouraged to
apply.
Please follow this link for the
full grant announcement
http://www.grants.gov/web/grants/view-opportunity.html?oppId=266548 . For more information about
federal grants please visit
http://www.grants.gov .
CONTACT INFORMATION
WASHINGTON OFFICE
2227 Rayburn House Office
Building
Washington, D.C. 20515-3216
Phone: (202) 225-4361
Fax: (202) 225-6001
BRONX OFFICE
1231 Lafayette Avenue, 4th Floor
The Bronx, NY
10474
Phone:
(718) 620-0084
Fax: (718) 620-0658
Contact Jose Serrano by E-mail:
CLICK
HERE
Update My Profile
-
Unsubscribe
-
Privacy
Policy
gateway mail end
