Copyright (c) 1996-2014 Constant Contact. All rights reserved.
Except as permitted under a separate
written agreement with Constant Contact, neither the Constant Contact software, nor any content that appears on any Constant Contact site,
including but not limited to, web pages, newsletters, or templates may be reproduced, republished, repurposed, or distributed without the
prior written permission of Constant Contact.
For inquiries regarding reproduction or distribution of any Constant Contact material, please
contact legal@constantcontact.com.
Mike Kelly's Weekly E-Newsletter
October 17, 2014
Follow me on Twitter!
Visit my YouTube page!
Click here to subscribe to my weekly
E-newsletter
My Offices
ERIE DISTRICT OFFICE 208 E. Bayfront Parkway Suite 102 Erie, PA 16507 Phone: (814) 454-8190 Fax: (814) 454-8197
BUTLER DISTRICT OFFICE
101 East Diamond St Suite 218 Butler, PA
16001 Phone: (724) 282-2557
Fax: (724) 282-3682
SHARON DISTRICT OFFICE
33 Chestnut Street Sharon, PA
16146 Phone: (724) 342-7170 Fax: (724) 342-7242
WASHINGTON, DC OFFICE
1519 Longworth HOB Washington, DC 20515 Phone: (202) 225-5406 Fax: (202) 225-3103
CRAWFORD COUNTY OFFICE Every Wednesday 9:00 a.m. - 4:00 p.m. 908 Diamond Park Meadville, PA 16335
ARMSTRONG COUNTY OFFICE
Every Thursday 9:00 a.m. - 4:00 p.m. 300 South McKean Street Kittanning, PA 16201
LAWRENCE COUNTY
Every Friday 9:00 a.m. - 4: 00 p.m. Lawrence County Courthouse 430 Court Street New Castle, PA
16101
Dear Friends,
Earlier this morning, I had the great pleasure of visiting
LIFE - Northwestern Pennsylvania (LIFE-NWPA) in Erie. Thanks to CEO/Executive Director Mark Gusek and his hardworking staff, I was able to take a tour of their fantastic nursing facility
at the Village at Luther Square.
I had a wonderful time learning about the professional services they provide as well as getting to speak with many of the residents who live there. Click here to watch a local news report about the visit by WJET TV . Providing exceptional care for members of the community at every stage of life is an attribute that makes Western Pennsylvania a great place to call home. That is also why I strongly support
the Program of All Inclusive Care for the Elderly (PACE) , which offers a comprehensive, fully integrated option for the frailest members of our society -- those Americans who require care at a nursing home. Pennsylvania is home to 18 PACE programs, including LIFE-NWPA, which serves as a model for a successful community-based system of care.
Earlier this year,
I co-signed
a bipartisan letter
to Marilyn Tavenner, Administrator of the Centers for Medicare and Medicaid Services (CMS), urging the agency to permit greater flexibility in the regulation of PACE programs. I am also very proud to be co-sponsoring
the PACE Pilot Act of 2014
(H.R. 4543), which will adapt the PACE model to serve additional populations of Americans with disabilities in need of an integrated option that supports their independence and quality of life.
For more information about LIFE - Northwestern Pennsylvania, or the Village at Luther Square,
click here .
Sincerely,
Rep. Kelly's Effort to Protect Americans from Ebola
Featured by Pittsburgh News
WATCH HERE
Rep. Kelly participated in an interview on Tuesday with reporter
Jon Delano of the CBS news affiliate in Pittsburgh (KDKA)
as part of a feature on the congressman's call for a travel ban to Ebola-affected countries in Africa.
The report can be read and watched here .
Excerpts from the feature:
"I think we are playing with something that is so contagious and so deadly that I'm not sure that the stance we are taking is aggressive enough," U.S. Rep. Mike Kelly, a Butler Republican, told KDKA political editor Jon Delano on Tuesday.
The outbreak of Ebola in the United States has caused some local Members of Congress to take a very strong stance, questioning whether the U.S. government is really doing all that it should.
Kelly has joined other Members of Congress in urging a travel ban on Americans to Ebola-affected African countries, except those engaged in fighting the disease, and a restriction on visas to Africans wanting to enter the United States.
"This disease is so communicable and can be transferred around the world in a matter of hours, I think not just America but the world is in grave danger if we don't get this under control right away," added Kelly.
NOTE:
On October 7, 2014, Rep. Kelly sent
a letter
to President Obama urgently requesting information regarding the administration's handling of the Ebola virus outbreak and details of a comprehensive strategy to stop the virus from affecting Americans. A copy of the letter can be viewed
here .
On October 8, 2014, Rep. Kelly co-signed
a bipartisan letter
to President Obama urging him to take immediate action to prevent an outbreak of the Ebola virus in America by instituting travel restrictions, enhancing airport screenings, and possibly quarantining individuals who have traveled to or from the affected West African countries. The letter can be viewed
here .
On October 9, 2014, Rep. Kelly sent
a letter
to the Secretary of the U.S. Department of Health and Human Services (HHS), Sylvia Burwell, and the Director of the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention (CDC), Tom Frieden, expressing his deep concern about the possibility of the Ebola virus spreading to Pennsylvania. The letter was copied to Pennsylvania Governor Tom Corbett, and can be read
here .
Rep. Kelly Honored with Award
for Manufacturing Legislative Excellence
Nation's Largest Industrial Trade Association Declares Rep. Kelly
Champion of Manufacturing
The National Association of Manufacturers (NAM) has awarded Rep. Mike Kelly the 2014 NAM Award for Manufacturing Legislative Excellence. The award is based on his votes in the 113th Congress on issues that are critical to manufacturing in the United States.
"Manufacturers in Pennsylvania and throughout the United States are making a comeback, creating jobs, making more products and making them better than ever before," said NAM Senior Vice President of Policy and Government Relations Aric Newhouse. "However, manufacturers are often disproportionately impacted by decisions made by policymakers in Washington. The NAM is proud to stand with lawmakers like Rep. Kelly who understand what is at stake and seek to implement policies that will foster innovation, growth and competitiveness."
NOTE:
The National Association of Manufacturers (NAM) is the largest manufacturing association in the United States, representing small and large manufacturers in every industrial sector and in all 50 states. Manufacturing employs
more than
12 million men and women, contributes $ 2 . 0 8 trillion to the U.S. economy annually, has the largest economic impact of any major sector and accounts for two-thirds of private-sector research and development. The NAM is the powerful voice of the manufacturing community and the leading advocate for a policy agenda that helps manufacturers compete in the global economy and create jobs across the United States. For more information about NAM please visit
www.nam.org .
DISTRICT PHOTO
Rep. Kelly visited the LIFE - Northwestern Pennsylvania
nursing facility at the Village at Luther Square in Erie today.
Forward this email This email was sent to dj724530@gmail.com by
thomas.qualtere@mail.house.gov
|
Update Profile/Email Address
|
Rapid removal with
SafeUnsubscribe &trade;
|
Privacy Policy . The Office of Representative Mike Kelly
|
1519 Longworth House Office Building
|
Washington
|
DC
|
20515
