
Friday, October 10, 2014
WEBSITE
|
FORWARD TO A FRIEND
| SHARE ON:
October is Domestic Violence Awareness Month
The domestic violence rates in our country are staggering. In 2010, a Center for Disease Control and Prevention survey found that more than one out of every three women in the United States reported being raped, physically assaulted, stalked, or a combination of the three by an intimate partner in their lifetime.
That is why I am proud to have recently introduced legislation that takes a pragmatic approach to help survivors of domestic violence at a crucial point in the process of freeing themselves from their abusers. The Documents for Continued Safety Act would make it easier for survivors and their families to get access to their own vital documents in their most critical hour.
(Read more about this bill here).
By providing this important service, we can empower survivors to preserve their newfound safety.
The bipartisan backing for this much-needed measure furthers the important truth that protecting survivors of domestic violence is neither just a partisan issue nor only a womens issue.
It is an issue we all must recognize and it is up to us as a community to eradicate such violence in our society.
Community Events Raising Awareness of Domestic Violence
Murphy joined local residents at the Walk a Mile in Her Shoes event to discuss his work in Washington to combat domestic violence.
Last Saturday, I had the privilege to serve as honorary chair and participate in Martin County's Walk a Mile in Her Shoes: The International Men's March to Stop Rape, Sexual Assault &amp; Gender Violence.
This annual event seeks to raise awareness of domestic violence, and is sponsored by SafeSpace FL, a non-profit organization that assists survivors of domestic violence by providing housing across the Treasure Coast where families can escape to a safe environment.
It was great to see over 120 walkers participate in this incredible event.
Last night, I also had the honor of joining with other community leaders to 'flip the switch' at the Jupiter Lighthouse, turning its light purple in another important event to raise awareness of domestic violence.
The event was hosted by Our Sisters Place, which supports survivors of domestic violence by providing financial assistance to local organizations directly involved in the care and protection of women and children who have faced domestic abuse.
I am proud to represent a community that continually demonstrates their commitment to ending domestic violence through events such as these.
It is this community leadership and engagement that helps not only raise awareness of and combat domestic violence, but can make a real differences in the lives of survivors. Inspired by the dedication of those in the community who participated in these events, please know that I will continue my commitment to work on this issue, not just during Domestic Violence Awareness Month, but every day of every month of the year.
Upcoming Events
- Participating in the celebration of the site selection of St. Lucie County for the new state VA nursing home
- "Coffee with your Congressman" at Ocean Breeze
- Speaking to the West Palm Beach Rotary Club
- Speaking to Boy Scout Troop 840 about civic engagement
- Participating in Martin County Conservation Alliance &amp; The Guardians of Martin County's "Not All Aboard" meeting
- Speaking to the Jensen Beach Chamber of Commerce
- Attending St. Monica's Famous Fish Fry
- Attending the 2014 Audubon Assembly Banquet
- Speaking a the Lines in the Lagoon Family Awards Dinner
- Attending the Indiantown Rodeo
- Attending the Caribbean American Cultural Group's 30th Anniversary event
Feel free to share this newsletter with others who may be interested in staying up-to-date on issues impacting our community. To receive future email updates like this one,
click here .
To stay up-to-date on my work representing the Treasure Coast and Palm Beaches, please follow me on:
Facebook ,
Twitter ,
Instagram ,
YouTube , and
Flickr .
NOTE: Please DO NOT respond to this email as this inbox is unattended. To contact my office please
click here
UPDATE SUBSCRIPTION OPTIONS
|
PRIVACY POLICY
|
CONTACT US
Click Here Click Here