, at my NIYN with the Brookland Neighborhood Civic Association (BNCA), I not only briefed them on D.C. and the 113th Congress, but I also heard reactions from residents about federal investments in infrastructure coming to the neighborhood.
There was great interest in recent efforts that have preserved Brookland Green, owned by the National Park Service on Brookland-CUA Metro stations grounds east of the kiss-and-ride.
After hearing about issues with the National Arboretum, a place where many in the Brookland community go for outdoor activities, I will be calling officials of the U.S. Department of Agriculture, which owns the Arboretum, about concerns over raw sewage and security practices, which some community members view as too restrictive.
For my second NIYN, last Thursday , I briefed Gays and Lesbians Against Violence (GLOV) about pending bills to combat violence against the LGBT community, and how we can work to pass the Employment Non-Discrimination Act (ENDA) to prevent discrimination in the workplace.
I have taken a special interest in ENDA because it would be enforced by the Equal Employment Opportunity Commission, which I once chaired.
We also discussed the recent decision from the Supreme Court refusing to consider lower court rulings striking down bans on same-sex marriage, advancing same-sex marriage, now permissible in 60% of the states.
Time for Practical Solutions to Fence-Jumping at the White House
Following the latest White House fence-jumper last Wednesday, I reiterated my call
for a taller fence, curved at the top to secure the main perimeter.
I believe this change can be achieved in keeping with the historical capacity of the existing fence.
After the incident, former Senate Sergeant-at-Arms Terrance W. Gainer once again refloated his idea to close off the perimeter streets of the entire Capitol Complex and fence in the Congress.
I believe this sends the wrong message about Congress ability to protect the country.
New Southeast D.C. Health Center Featuring Mental Health
I spoke at a ribbon cutting
ceremony last Wednesday for Healthy Connections, a new health care center that will provide much-needed mental and behavioral health services to low-income District residents.
Now that more D.C. residents have access to health insurance through the Affordable Care Act, facilities like Healthy Connections can help provide health care services for those who slip through the mental health cracks.
Swearing-In of Jenny R. Yang, First Asian-American EEOC Chair, and Saluting Barrien, Outgoing Chair
As first woman chair of the Equal Employment Opportunity Commission (EEOC), I was delighted to offer congratulations
for the swearing-in of Jenny R. Yang, the first Asian American to chair the commission.
At the same ceremony,
I was very pleased to commend Jacqueline A. Berrien, who brought the EEOC into the 21st century of enforcement for new issues of job discrimination.
Ending the Bureaucratic Congressional Review Process for D.C. Legislation
After House Majority Leader Kevin McCarthy (R-CA) released a proposal to reduce reports federal agencies must submit to Congress, I followed up , expressing a similar sentiment with regard to D.C.s congressional review process.
Currently, D.C. must submit an egregious amount of paperwork required for every bill passed by the Council, but Congress no longer participates in this process.
This is a waste of time and money for the District and Congress, which if corrected, would show the Majority Leader that we mean business.
Upcoming Events
Roundtable on Unemployment
Wednesday, October 29, 2014
6:30 p.m.
8:30 p.m.
John A. Wilson Building, Room 412
1350 Pennsylvania Avenue, NW
Tell your stories of unemployment, underemployment, part-time employment, and hear from experts.
doctype html
Congresswoman Nortons e-Newsletter
October 27, 2014
Norton In Your Neighborhood Discussions About Improvements in the Brookland Community, and LGBT Residents Working to Eliminate Abuse
Last week, I hosted two Norton in Your Neighborhood (NIYN) community discussions with District residents.
On
Tuesday ,
at my NIYN with the Brookland Neighborhood Civic Association (BNCA), I not only briefed them on D.C. and the 113 th
Congress, but I also heard reactions from residents about federal investments in infrastructure coming to the neighborhood.
There
was great interest in recent efforts that have preserved Brookland Green, owned by the National Park Service on Brookland-CUA Metro stations grounds east of the kiss-and-ride.
After hearing about issues with the National Arboretum, a place where many in
the Brookland community go for outdoor activities, I will be calling officials of the U.S. Department of Agriculture, which owns the Arboretum, about concerns over raw sewage and security practices, which some community members view as too restrictive.
For my second NIYN, last
Thursday ,
I briefed Gays and Lesbians Against Violence (GLOV) about pending bills to combat violence against the LGBT community, and how we can work to pass the Employment Non-Discrimination Act (ENDA) to prevent discrimination in the workplace.
I have taken a special
interest in ENDA because it would be enforced by the Equal Employment Opportunity Commission, which I once chaired.
We also discussed the recent decision from the Supreme Court refusing to consider lower court rulings striking down bans on same-sex marriage,
advancing same-sex marriage, now permissible in 60% of the states.
Time for Practical Solutions to Fence-Jumping at the White House
Following the latest White House fence-jumper last Wednesday, I
reiterated my call
for a taller fence, curved at the top to secure the main perimeter.
I believe this change can be achieved in keeping with the historical capacity of the existing fence.
After the incident, former Senate Sergeant-at-Arms Terrance W. Gainer once again refloated
his idea to close off the perimeter streets of the entire Capitol Complex and fence in the Congress.
I believe this sends the wrong message about Congress ability to protect the country.
New Southeast D.C. Health Center Featuring Mental Health
I spoke at a
ribbon cutting
ceremony last Wednesday for Healthy Connections, a new health care center that will provide much-needed mental and behavioral health services to low-income District residents.
Now that more D.C. residents have access to health insurance through the Affordable
Care Act, facilities like Healthy Connections can help provide health care services for those who slip through the mental health cracks.
Swearing-In of Jenny R. Yang, First Asian-American EEOC Chair, and Saluting Barrien, Outgoing Chair
As first woman chair of the Equal Employment Opportunity Commission (EEOC), I was delighted to offer
congratulations
for the swearing-in of Jenny R. Yang, the first Asian American to chair the commission.
At the same ceremony,
I was very pleased to commend Jacqueline A. Berrien, who brought the EEOC into the 21 st
century of enforcement for new issues of job
discrimination.
Ending the Bureaucratic Congressional Review Process for D.C. Legislation
After House Majority Leader Kevin McCarthy (R-CA) released a proposal to reduce reports federal agencies must submit to Congress,
I followed up ,
expressing a similar sentiment with regard to D.C.s congressional review process.
Currently, D.C. must submit an egregious amount of paperwork required for every bill passed by the Council, but Congress no longer participates in this process.
This is a
waste of time and money for the District and Congress, which if corrected, would show the Majority Leader that we mean business.
Upcoming Events
Roundtable on Unemployment
Wednesday, October 29, 2014
6:30 p.m.
8:30 p.m.
John A. Wilson Building, Room 412
1350 Pennsylvania Avenue, NW
Tell your stories of unemployment, underemployment, part-time employment,
and hear from experts.
Thanks for subscribing!
Follow Congresswoman Norton on
Facebook ,
Twitter ,
Instagram ,
YouTube , or her
website
for more updates.
Capitol Hill Office
2136 Rayburn HOB
Washington, D.C. 20515
Phone: (202) 225-8050
Fax: (202) 225-3002
S.E. District Office
2041 Martin Luther King Jr. Ave., S.E.
Washington, D.C. 20020
Phone: (202) 678-8900
Fax: (202) 678-8844
Main District Office
90 K Street, N.E., Suite 100
Washington DC 20001
Phone: (202) 408-9041
Fax: (202) 408-9048
To unsubscribe from our list, please click here .
