DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.0 Transitional//EN" "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml1/DTD/xhtml1-transitional.dtd"
District Update October 17th, 2014
CLICK HERE
to see the pictures and graphics in this email.
Watch this week's dose
of common sense
HERE .
Real Conservation from the Ground Up
Dear Friends,
In recent years, there has been a proliferation of armchair conservationists who challenge responsible state and local conservation plans in court rather than pitch in with the work.
Instead of problem-solving, they choose to litigate at taxpayers expense, fomenting conflict and division that ultimately hurts conservation planning and the species that rely on it.
Wyomings core area strategy for sage grouse conservation is a great example of what 21 st
century conservation planning should look like: a collaborative, science-based plan to conserve the sage grouse without sacrificing economic development for the people of our great state.
Unfortunately, the law has not caught up with this approach, as evidenced by a federal judge in Washington overturning Wyomings gray wolf management plan.
This overturning shows how litigation-focused organizations are disrupting local conservation planning at the expense of families and communities who have to deal with the consequences of an unmanaged wolf population.
Because Wyoming has done everything the federal government has asked it to, and more, I see no alternative but to pursue a legislative solution to return wolf management to the State of Wyoming.
I am also pursuing meaningfully reforms to the Endangered Species Act (ESA) to help make boots on the ground conservation the rule and not merely the exception.
We dont need to keep pouring conservation dollars into the courtrooms.
We need to channel resources to local, on-the-ground work for habitat protection and species recovery.
The majority of my colleagues in the U.S. House understand this and joined me to pass a
suite of ESA reform bills
that I and other members of the
ESA Working Group
developed.
As I continue to work on reforming the ESA please feel free to
contact me
about these or other issues.
Sincerely,
This mailbox is unattended. To respond please
click here
or go to:
http://lummis.house.gov/contact/
Join the conversation! Stay connected to me through
,
,
and
I look forward to hearing from you soon!
Newsletter Sign-Up
------------------------------------
Twitter
Facebook
Youtube
Tumblr
UPDATE SUBSCRIPTION OPTIONS
|
PRIVACY POLICY
|
CONTACT US
Click Here Click Here