
Friday, October 24, 2014
WEBSITE
|
FORWARD TO A FRIEND
| SHARE ON:
Update on the Fight to Protect our Waterways
Rep.
Murphy and Eric Draper, Executive Director of Audubon Florida, discuss the importance of Everglades restoration efforts to the Indian River Lagoon.
Champion of the Everglades
Last week,
I was humbled to be recognized by Audubon Florida with their 2014 Champion of the Everglades award for my efforts to raise the profile of the plight facing the Indian River Lagoon and the St. Lucie Estuary.
However, it is our entire community that deserves this recognition. Without your dedication and organizations such as Audubon Florida, it would not have been possible to make the great progress we have in the past year to improve the health of our local waterways and to move forward critical Everglades restoration projects that will benefit the entire system.
This year we have worked towards several short-term and long-term solutions to improve the health of the Indian River Lagoon. This has resulted in major wins for our local waterways, including
securing $38 million
in funding for the C-44 Indian River Lagoon South Project which will allow construction of phase 2 to begin; authorization by Congress of the
first WRRDA bill in 7 years , including four new Everglades restoration projects; expanding support for water farming initiatives, including the introduction of the
Reed-Murphy Impaired Waters Act ; and bringing national attention to the plight of our local waterways. Additionally, I recently introduced bicameral, bipartisan legislation to authorize the
Central Everglades Planning Project
as soon as its Chief's Report is finalized. ( Click
here
to read more about Murphys advocacy on behalf of our local waterways).
While this progress is cause for celebration, we have more work to do.
I remain committed to working with officials and decision makers at all levels of government to find common-sense solutions to protect our beloved waterways.
Lines in the Lagoon Youth Fishing Tournament
Rep.
Murphy joins youth leaders at the
Lines in the Lagoon Fishing Tournament
to discuss the need to protect our
waterways for future generation.
Last weekend,
I was honored to stop by the Lines in the Lagoon Tri-county Junior Fishing Tournament. The event, which was planned by our local youth, brought together young people who are passionate about making our waterways clean and safe for all marine life.
Getting the youth involved in this fight to protect our St. Lucie River and Indian River Lagoon through events such as this not only engages them in helping to build a brighter future, but reminds us that we are not only fighting for our current environment, but also for their future environment.
Local Land &amp; Water Conservation Grant
Earlier this year I wrote a letter to Florida Department of Environmental Protection Secretary Herschel Vinyard in support of Martin County's application for a grant through the Land and Water Conservation Fund Program to improve Phipps Park along the St. Lucie Canal.
I am pleased to report that Martin County has received this grant award totaling $400,000, with the federal government contributing half of that amount for this project.
Improvements to Phipps Park made possible by this grant will aid in the performance and utilization of the park by supporting a variety of outdoor recreational opportunities for those on the Treasure Coast, including the renovation of hiking trails as well as the boat ramp and dock on the St. Lucie.
This project and partnership truly shows the importance of the local, state, and federal governments working together to protect our way of life here in Floridas 18th district, which heavily relies on the health of our environment.
I look forward to continuing to work across the aisle and all levels of government to build a better and brighter future for our community.
NOTE: Please DO NOT respond to this email as this inbox is unattended. To contact my office please
click here
UPDATE SUBSCRIPTION OPTIONS
|
PRIVACY POLICY
|
CONTACT US
Click Here Click Here