
If you are having trouble
viewing this message or would like to share it on a social network,
you can
view the message
online .
HOME
ABOUT ME
CONTACT
ME
SERVING YOU
MEDIA CENTER
OUR DISTRICT
RESOURCES
September 29, 2014
Airstrikes Continue in the Middle East
Last
week a new wave of airstrikes began against key targets of value to
ISIL. As airstrikes continue we are mindful of the hard work members of
the Armed Forces are putting in to protect American lives at home and
abroad. American coalition forces have hit ISIL strategic locations
damaging their ability to conduct military operations and sustain their
economic resources.
With actions taken in British Parliament
last Friday we are reminded that we are not acting alone against the
terrorist threat of ISIL. Lawmakers in the United Kingdom
overwhelmingly approved joining the U.S.-led coalition. Other key partners
participating in the greater effort against ISIL are Saudi Arabia, the United
Arab Emirates, Bahrain, Qatar, Jordan, Egypt, Israel, France,
Australia, Belgium, Denmark, Canada, Germany, Greece, Georgia, Hungary,
Romania, and Poland.
Congress must be ready to act if
debate on authorization of greater force against this terrorist group
is necessary. I stand ready to return to Washington if need
be.
...
Read more here.
Stepping
up to the Plate for Organ Transplant
I am spearheading
efforts to express concerns regarding a concept paper released by the United
Network for Organ Sharing (UNOS) Liver and Intestine Committee. The
proposed paper would change the rules governing the allocation of
livers for transplant affecting the Midwest.
Due to the donor
shortage rates across the east and west coasts, there is an effort to
redistribute organs from the Midwest to lower donor areas particularly on
the east coast. This proposal does nothing to increase the amount of
donations and may have the opposite result moving organs out of the
communities within which they are donated. In particular, this would
limit the organ availability to other programs, including the
Center for Transplantation at the University of
Kansas Hospital Center .
Yoder and about 50 of his
congressional colleagues took the rare step of writing a letter
protesting the proposed reallocation to Mary Wakefield of the Health
Resources and Services Administration.
To increase donation rates elsewhere, Yoder and others are
encouraging other regions to adopt grassroots donor education
programs, like one promoted by Overland Park-based Gift of
Life.
Keith Anderson, executive director of Gift of Life, said its signature
outreach program, Lifesavers, has reached more than 200,000 people in
the Kansas City area...
Anderson said most cities have organ transplant hospitals and an "organ
procurement organization" responsible for the logistics of transporting
organs from donors to those hospitals. But few have organizations
like Gift of Life, dedicated solely to organ donation
education.
Anderson said Yoder "did step
up to the plate" in encouraging further review of the proposed
reallocation plan...
For more information, here is an
article from the Kansas Health Institute on the issue:
http://www.khi.org/news/2014/sep/26/liver-transplant-reallocation-plan-hold/
You can also read my press release
here:
http://yoder.house.gov/media-center/press-releases/rep-yoder-spearheads-letter-opposing-proposed-changes-to-rules-for-liver
Medicare Open Enrollment Events
I am hosting
two
Medicare Open Enrollment
Assistance
events to provide help to seniors during the
upcoming
Medicare Open Enrollment Period from October 15
through December 7.
Attendees will have the opportunity for
face-to-face assistance from knowledgeable benefits counselors from the
Senior Health Insurance
Counseling for Kansas (SHICK)
program.
The first event will be held on
Wednesday,
October 22 from 9:00 a.m. to 3:00 p.m. in the Community Room at the
Wyandotte County Aging and Disability Resource Center in Kansas City,
Kansas.
The subsequent event will be on
Thursday,
November 6 from 9:00 a.m. to 3:00 p.m. at Sylvester Powell Community
Center in Mission,
Kansas.
The events are free and open to
everyone.
Medicare beneficiaries who wish to make changes or
enroll for the first time need to bring their Medicare card, any current
prescriptions (including dosage and frequency), and a list of
preferred pharmacies.
For additional
information, please contact my
District Office
in Overland Park at (913) 621-0832 or
here
for more information on Medicare
Enrollment.
Each year there are new health plan and prescription drug coverage
choices to consider and it is our goal to make this decision process as
easy as we can for you. For more information on the upcoming Medicare
Open Enrollment event, visit my
website .
Congressman Yoder Submits House Rules
Testimony
This past week I submitted testimony to the
House Rules Committee as it considers input on the procedures for the
operations of the House of Representatives. I agree, as do most
Americans, that Congress could operate in a more efficient manner. Making
the House a more productive and more open legislative body is a goal
that transcends party, ideology, geography, economics, sociology, age,
and gender.
To read my
testimony click here.
Black &amp;
Veatch
Congratulations to Black &amp; Veatch and their thousands of employees on
the dedication of the new Rodman Innovation Pavilion here in Overland
Park. It was exciting to be on hand with so many community and
state leaders to celebrate Black &amp; Veatch's investment in our
community.
Pictured above at
Black &amp; Veatch with Secretary Pat George, WaterOne CEO Mike Armstrong,
and Overland Park Councilmember Terry Happer
Scheier.
Visit to
Overland Park Elementary
I spent last Wednesday with some
very well-informed 5th graders at Overland Park Elementary in the Shawnee
Mission School District. We discussed issues of leadership and how
our government works. Many excellent questions ranged from: "Have you
met President Obama?" to "Is Area 51 real?" Special thanks to 5th
grade student Sofia Steele for inviting me.
Go OP Bulldogs!
Visiting McLane Company Food Service
Last week I toured
McLane Company Foodservice in Shawnee, a food service distribution center
here in the 3rd District that employs more than 200 people. I
appreciated the opportunity to sit down with employees and discuss their
work.
Thank you to
General Manager Tim McKee for the tour of the distribution center and
sharing with me the services your employees provide in our
area.
Royals Take Wildcard
The Kansas City Royals have done it.
Fact of the week: The
last time the Royals were in the playoffs was in 1985 when they won
the World Series. Good luck to the Royals tomorrow.
500
Soldiers from the Big Red 1 Deploying
It was announced last week that approximately 500 troops from
the 1st Infantry Division at Fort Riley, Kansas will be deployed--
approximately 200 to Iraq in Erbil and Baghdad.
They will make up a significant portion of the 475
troops President Obama committed on September 10th in a strategy to
counter the group known as "Islamic State." We wish them well as the travel
abroad on a mission to protect American lives and provide stability
throughout the world.
Friend of the Farm
Bureau
I was proud to be named
"Friend of the Farm Bureau" by the American Farm Bureau last week. Three
of my fellow Kansas lawmakers, Senator Jerry Moran, Senator Pat
Roberts, and Congresswoman Lynn Jenkins, also received this award for their
work in the U. S. Congress in support of farms in
Kansas.
L'Shana Tova
This past week was the
celebration of the Jewish New Year, Rosh Hashanah, the first of the High Holy
Days. Let us all be mindful of the diversity which makes our community
great.
L'Shana Tova means "have
a good year."
Next Saturday, October
4, 2014 marks Yom Kippur, the Jewish day of
atonement.
Upcoming Community Office
Hours
My staff can assist you from
8:00 a.m. -
5:00 p.m., Monday through Friday
in my
Overland Park office . They can help
with any issues or concerns, as well as to
provide assistance
with federal agencies and programs including, Veterans' Affairs,
Medicare, Social Security, Passports, and
Visas.
My staff also holds
Community Office
Hours
throughout the district. If you are unable to visit my office,
please consider coming to the following location if it is more convenient
for you:
Wednesday,
October 1st
Argentine Library
Front Conference Room
3104 Strong
Avenue
Kansas City,
Kansas
Noon
1:00 p.m.
U.S. Service Academy
Nominations
I have the privilege of
nominating a limited number of students to four of the
five U.S.
Service Academies . These prestigious Academies are
open to all 17-23 year olds
who desire academic rigor and
service above self .
The application deadline is
October
1st.
There are five service academies:
U.S.
Military Academy, located in West Point, New York
U.S.
Naval Academy, located in Annapolis, Maryland
U.S. Air
Force Academy, located in Colorado Springs, Colorado
U.S.
Merchant Marine Academy, located in Kings Point, New
York
U.S. Coast Guard Academy, located in New London,
Connecticut
Click
here
for more information, or contact my office at
(913) 621-0832 to request additional information about the
nomination packet .
CityPlace Groundbreaking Ceremony
I was proud to take part in the groundbreaking ceremony at
CityPlace last week in Overland Park.
Tell a
Friend
E-mail:
E-mail:
E-mail:
Please click below to follow me on Twitter, Facebook, and
YouTube.
Washington, DC
215 Cannon HOB
Washington, DC
20515
Phone: (202) 225-2865
Hours: Monday-Friday
9:00AM -6:00PM EST
Overland Park
7325 W.
79th St.
Overland Park, KS 66204
Phone: (913) 621-0832
Fax:
(913) 621-1533
Hours: Monday-Friday
8:00AM -5:00PM CST
Unsubscribe
|
Update My Profile
|
Privacy Policy
