
If
you are having trouble viewing this message or would like to share it
on a social network, you can
view the message online .
September 30, 2014
Update My Profile
A MESSAGE FROM CONGRESSMAN STENY H.
HOYER
On Friday, October 3, I will be attending a
Success With Online
Reviews
workshop hosted by Yelp and the Maryland Small Business
Development Center (SBDC) at the College of Southern Maryland Prince
Frederick Campus in Prince Frederick, Maryland. I would like to invite
small business owners in the Fifth District to attend. Similar to events
earlier this year that I have attended with Facebook and Google, Yelp
will have experts on hand to help Fifth District local business owners
learn about online strategy and tools.
Yelp was founded ten years ago to assist people in
finding great local businesses. In addition to accessing reviews of
local businesses, you can use Yelp to find events and to have a
conversation with other reviewers about their experience. Since
Yelps establishment, more than 61 million reviews have been written. That
why its so important that Maryland businesses attend this free
workshop where Yelp experts will help show business owners how to
successfully navigate Yelp's website and improve their business's online
presence.
If you own a small
business, please register for the event
here . I
also encourage you to share this event with others in our
community.
As always, thank you
for allowing me to share this update, and please contact my office with
any questions regarding the Yelp and Maryland SBDC
workshop.
With warmest regards, I am
Sincerely yours,
Steny
H. Hoyer
Update My Profile
Unsubscribe
|
Privacy Policy
This is an official e-mail from
Congressman Steny Hoyer. You have
received this
e-mail because you subscribed to Congressman Hoyer 's
E-Newsletter, authorizing Rep. Hoyer to send periodic updates to
your
e-mail address.
We are
committed to protecting your privacy, so
your e-mail
address will NEVER be sold or exchanged. If you would like
to unsubscribe from this newsletter, please reply to this
message with
"Unsubscribe" in the subject line.
