DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.0 Transitional//EN" "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml1/DTD/xhtml1-transitional.dtd"
If you are having trouble reading this email,
please view the web version .
The Latest on the Fight Against Ebola
With the death this week of a man in Dallas, there is little doubt that Ebola poses a serious threat to health in the U.S. In order to prevent infected persons from entering the U.S., Customs and Border Protection has instituted additional screening requirements for people traveling from affected areas. Individuals with symptoms of Ebola will be quarantined, while others with possible exposure will be monitored. U.S. soldiers continue to arrive in Africa to coordinate response and set up treatment centers. Additionally, vaccine testing has begun in Mali, Africa.
CLICK HERE
to read more about the Ebola vaccine.
Fixing Medicare
As you may remember, I worked this year to bring Democrats and Republicans together on a plan to fix Medicare reimbursement rates for doctors and prevent drastic cuts that could hurt seniors. For a decade, Congress has been passing patch bills to hold these cuts off. The Health Subcommittee and full Energy and Commerce Committee unanimously passed legislation to replace the failed Sustainable Growth Rate formula. The House then passed our plan, which has not received a vote in the Senate. Health Care expert Grace-Marie Turner recently made an excellent case for the need to fix the SGR so that we can create a sustainable and lasting Medicare program.
CLICK HERE
to read her article.
Nobel Peace Prize Goes to Young Education Advocate
I was very pleased to see the Nobel Peace Prize for 2014 awarded to Pakistani Malala Yousafzai, a 17-year-old girl who has advocated for the education of girls in her country. Malala was shot by Taliban extremists for her stand, but recovered and has bravely continued in her cause. She shares the prize with Indian childrens rights activist Kailash Satyarthi. Malala is by far the youngest person to win the award. The Nobel Committee has recognized a young woman who is truly worthy of the honor. Read todays
Wall Street Journal
for more on the winners.
Gas Prices at Four-Year Low
Even though there remains terrible violence in the Middle East, gas prices in the U.S. have fallen to a four-year low. This is good news for consumers and for our economy. For the first time in decades, American is energy independent. There is still much to do economically to create growth, jobs, and higher wages, but lower energy prices is a great start.
Op-ed of the Week: Beyond the Jobs Numbers
Every month, the Bureau of Labor Statistics puts out a report on employment and job creation. The latest jobs report had good news and bad news. In September, the economy created 248,000 jobs. Thats good news.
READ MORE
Facebook
Podcast
Tell Joe Your Opinion
Issues
The 16th District
Ask Joe For Help
The Government
Legislation
Press
About Joe Pitts
Photo Gallery
Please feel free to
forward this email to your friends and family .
Recent Videos
Stopping Illicit Steroids
Rep. Pitts discusses his bill to prevent designer anabolic steroids from being sold on the market as supplements.
Lancaster Elks Lodge Celebrates 125 Years
Rep. Pitts honors the Lancaster Elks Lodge on their 125th anniversary.
Washington, D.C. Office
420 Cannon House Office Building
Washington, DC 20515
(1st Street and Independence Avenue)
202-225-2411
202-225-2013 (fax)
Chester County Office
Post Office Box 837
Unionville, PA 19375
(Routes 82 and 926)
610-444-4581
610-444-5750 (fax)
Lancaster Office
150 North Queen Street
Suite 716 (7th floor)
Lancaster, PA 17603
717-393-0667
717-393-0924 (fax)
Click Here Click Here