
If you are having
trouble viewing this message or would like to share it on a social network,
you can
view the
message online .
HOME
ABOUT ME
CONTACT
ME
SERVING YOU
MEDIA CENTER
OUR DISTRICT
RESOURCES
October 06, 2014
Head Start Celebrating 50 Years
I want to
congratulate Head Start on its 50th year creating opportunities for
children throughout our nation. I have consistently fought to ensure
that Head Start and other early childhood education programs are a
top priority. I have voted for legislation which increases funding for
these programs, including the 2014 funding bill which provided nearly
$9 billion. That vote represented a $600 million dollar increase in
funding for Head Start.
My consistent support and
frequent visits to local Head Start programs have earned me the "Kansas
State Champion of Head Start" award from the Kansas Head Start
Association .
I am proud to
continue to support Head Start and to make the tough fiscal decisions
needed in Washington to ensure that similar essential programs can be
preserved.
This past week marked the 50th
anniversary of Head Start-- their motto for this special occasion is "50
Years of Opportunity." I firmly believe that all children in America
should be given the opportunity to achieve the American Dream. As a new
father I have particular interest in childhood development. Educating
our children at an early age is essential to ensure success later.
There is no better investment than our next generations.
I
was pleased to have Executive Director, Erick Vaughn, visit my office
last week to keep me informed on Head Start programs in Kansas. I look
forward to my next opportunity to visit and read to the students at a
local Kansas Head Start program this Wednesday in Kansas City,
Kansas.
For more
information on "50 Years of Opportunity" click here.
Pew
Research Finds 56% of Americans say they are "Falling Behind"
Financially
U.S. Census Bureau statistics indicate that since 2007,
Americans' take-home pay has decreased each year -- a drop of 8.3%. I
remain committed to holding Washington accountable for burdens on
hardworking Kansas families that drive up the cost of everything from gas to
groceries, and lead to higher unemployment. We need to fight to keep
taxes lower and eliminate burdensome regulations in order to create
economic growth and create certainty for families throughout our
country.
"For Americans,
jobs are only part of the economic picture: 56% say their familys
incomes are falling behind the cost of living.
That is about as many as said their incomes were
falling behind in October 2008 (57%), during the Wall Street
financial crisis. And 45% say they have experienced one or more serious
financial hardships
such as a job layoff, an inability to pay for health
care or trouble with a collection agency
over the past year. Among
those with low family incomes (less than $30,000 a year), fully 66% have
confronted at least one serious financial
problem.
Optimism about National Economy
Remains Limited
The
new national survey by the Pew Research Center, conducted August 20-24
among 1,501 adults finds that 33% say there are plenty of jobs
available where they live, while 58% say that jobs are difficult to find. The
share saying jobs are available has ticked up from 29% in July and 27%
in April. Nearly two years ago, in December 2012, just 22% said there
were plenty of jobs locally."
Read more at the Pew Research website.
Hilltop Campus Dedication, Blue Valley School District
I had the privilege to present a United States Flag flown over the
U.S. Capitol at the dedication of the Blue Valley School District
Hilltop Campus. The Hilltop Campus is a beautiful state of the art
facility that provides a special place for children and families who
participate in the Early Childhood Education classes and Parents as Teachers
program. It was exciting to take a tour of this new facility and I
extend my congratulations to the Blue Valley School District on the
dedication.
Local Small Business Spotlight: Lou Lou's Diner
The
Third Congressional District is full of outstanding small businesses.
I visited one of my favorites last week
Lou Lou's Diner in the
Fairfax area of KCK
as they are closing their doors this week. I know
everyone in Fairfax will miss their delicious food and wonderful service.
I wish them the best on their final week.
If you know of an
outstanding local business that you think should be featured in my
weekly newsletter, please let me know by calling my Overland Park office
at 913-621-0832.
The American Veterans Disabled
for Life Memorial Dedication
The American Veterans
Disabled for Life Memorial was dedicated yesterday in Washington, D.C.
to commemorate the sacrifices so many have made to defend the freedoms
we all enjoy as American citizens.
This memorial was
approved in October 2000 and is now open to the public. This new
memorial is located convenient to the U.S. Capitol and National Mall, and it
is highly recommended if you're planning a visit to Washington, D.C.
For more information about touring Washington, D.C. and ways in which
my office can be helpful visit my website here:
https://yoder.house.gov/services/tours-and-tickets
or call my Washington, D.C. office at 202-225-2865.
Learn
more at the American Veterans Disabled for Life Memorial
website.
Visiting with Local World War II Veterans
What an
honor to visit with a group of WWII veterans Friday in Mission. Thank
you to Jack Hiles, who is a member of my Military and Veterans
Affairs Advisory Committee, for the invitation. Truly the Greatest
Generation. I appreciated hearing from these heroes - thank you for your
service.
Meeting with Kansas Realtors
Thank you to the Kansas City Regional Association of REALTORS for
having me before your meeting on Friday in Leawood. I appreciated hearing
their thoughts on the need for long term certainty in the tax code. We
also discussed the state and direction of our local and national
economy.
Visiting KVC Prairie Ridge Hospital in Kansas City,
Kansas
Thank you to Wayne Sims and his leadership staff at KVC Health Systems
for taking the time to show me around the KVC Prairie Ridge Hospital in
KCK. KVC serves over 5,000 kids in KVC foster families and supports
one adoption every day. KVC is leading the state, as well as the nation
in foster care, adoption, in-home family therapy and childrens
psychiatric hospitals. In fact, KVC was recently recognized as one of only
four best practice organizations in the country by the Annie E. Casey
Foundation.
Pictured
with John Barnes, Wayne Sims, James Roberson, Ryan Speier, Dr. Jyotsna
Adma, Jason R. Hooper.
Fact
of the Week
The Royals have
won the American League Division Series (ALDS) in a clean sweep
against the Angels and are set to advance against the Baltimore Orioles who
also swept their division opponent. The first two games in the battle
for the American League Championship will occur in Baltimore with game
three hosted at Kauffman Stadium.
Before they took the ALDS, the Kansas City Royals defeated the
Oakland Athletics in the wildcard game. As a proud Royals fan, I want to
give special recognition to my constituent from Bonner Springs, World
War II veteran and former prisoner of war, Technical Sergeant Marlin
Kerby, Army Air Corps, who threw out the first pitch. Maggie Marx, a
senior at Shawnee Mission Northwest High School, sang the national anthem
at that game.
Supporting those with MS
I recently became a member of the House
Multiple Sclerosis Caucus to draw attention to this serious medical
condition. More than 2.3 million people worldwide have MS.
Click
here for more information from the National Multiple Sclerosis
Society.
Medicare
Open Enrollment Events
I am hosting two
Medicare Open Enrollment
Assistance
events to provide help to seniors during the upcoming
Medicare Open Enrollment Period from October 15 through December
7.
Attendees will have the opportunity for face-to-face assistance
from knowledgeable benefits counselors from the
Senior Health Insurance Counseling for Kansas (SHICK)
program.
The
first event will be held on
Wednesday, October 22 from 9:00
a.m. to 3:00 p.m. in the Community Room at the Wyandotte County Aging and
Disability Resource Center in Kansas City, Kansas.
The subsequent event will be on
Thursday, November 6 from 9:00 a.m. to 3:00 p.m. at Sylvester Powell
Community Center in Mission,
Kansas.
The events are free and open to
everyone.
Medicare beneficiaries who wish to make
changes or enroll for the first time need to bring their Medicare
card, any current prescriptions (including dosage and frequency), and a
list of preferred pharmacies. For additional information, please
contact my
District Office
in
Overland Park at (913) 621-0832 or
here
for more information on Medicare
Enrollment.
Each year there are
new health plan and prescription drug coverage choices to consider and
it is our goal to make this decision process as easy as we can for
you. For more information on the upcoming Medicare Open Enrollment
event, visit my
website .
Social Media Highlight: Sporting KC Visits
Washington
For full size images please
visit my
Twitter Feed
or
Facebook Page.
It is a great time for
Kansas City Sports, especially the 3rd Congressional District of Kansas--
home of Sporting Kansas City:
I was proud to meet with the team and owners of Sporting KC, this
year's Major League Soccer champions, pictured here with President
Barack Obama.
Sporting
Kansas City taught some a soccer clinic on the south lawn of the White
House. This picture is from their social media feed:
http://twitter.com/SportingKC
With the Sporting KC front office staff
and the MLS cup.
Please click below to follow me on Twitter, Facebook, and
YouTube.
Tell a Friend
E-mail:
E-mail:
E-mail:
Washington,
DC
215 Cannon HOB
Washington, DC 20515
Phone: (202)
225-2865
Hours: Monday-Friday
9:00AM -6:00PM EST
Overland Park
7325 W. 79th St.
Overland
Park, KS 66204
Phone: (913) 621-0832
Fax: (913)
621-1533
Hours: Monday-Friday
8:00AM -5:00PM CST
Unsubscribe
|
Update My
Profile
|
Privacy Policy
