DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.0 Transitional//EN" "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml1/DTD/xhtml1-transitional.dtd"
If you are having trouble reading this email,
please view the web version .
Swedish Massage for Rabbits
For many years, Sen. Tom Coburn (R-OK) has published an annual compilation of various wasteful government programs. Although, he is retiring this year, Coburn just published another edition and there are some astonishing examples of bad government grants and spending. The National Institutes of Health spent $387,000 to study the effect of Swedish massage on rabbits. The same NIH that claimed there wasnt enough money for studying diseases that kill people, like Ebola. There was also a grant to actually watch grass grow and another studying whether studying the gambling habits of monkeys. There has been a lot of howling about recent cuts to spending, but clearly there is still enough money to blow on useless studies and unproductive federal programs. Theres lots of work to be done on the federal budget. To read the full report,
CLICK HERE .
Letter Asks Critical Questions About Ebola Response
This week, I joined with 27 other Energy and Commerce Committee colleagues on a letter to President Obama asking critical questions about the administrations Ebola response. We stated our concerns about current travel restrictions, tools for diagnosing the disease and the capabilities of the U.S. health care system to treat Ebola. Ebola is testing the capabilities of our public health system, and we have serious concerns about the response so far. I think we have the ability to learn from early mistakes, which is why I joined my colleagues in this constructive criticism. I hope that the President listens to our concerns and makes it clear to his appointees that failure could lead to lost American lives. To read the letter,
CLICK HERE .
Social Security Cost of Living Increase for 2015
The Social Security Administration announced this week that those receiving benefits will receive a 1.7 percent increase next year. The annual cost of living adjustment (COLA) is based on the Consumer Price Index, a measure of inflation. While there were a few years following the recession where there was no adjustment, this is now the 5th year in a row where benefits have increased.
New EPA Red Tape Could Cost Consumers Billions
New analysis of energy rules proposed by the Environmental Protection Agency shows that consumers and businesses could shoulder $41 billion in increased costs. This regulation is strikingly similar to legislation President Obama couldnt get through Congress when his party controlled both the House and Senate during his first term. Bureaucrats shouldnt make such dramatic changes. To read the full report,
CLICK HERE .
Op-ed of the Week: Affordable Energy Fuels Our Economy
Think of your typical day. An alarm clock wakes you up, you take a hot shower, afterwards you might pore yourself a cool glass of orange juice and a warm cup of coffee. Unless you have a mechanical alarm clock, a hot spring, an old-fashioned ice box, and an open fire, you used electricity or gas to make all of these things happen.
READ MORE
Facebook
Podcast
Tell Joe Your Opinion
Issues
The 16th District
Ask Joe For Help
The Government
Legislation
Press
About Joe Pitts
Photo Gallery
Please feel free to
forward this email to your friends and family .
Recent Videos
Stopping Illicit Steroids
Rep. Pitts discusses his bill to prevent designer anabolic steroids from being sold on the market as supplements.
Lancaster Elks Lodge Celebrates 125 Years
Rep. Pitts honors the Lancaster Elks Lodge on their 125th anniversary.
Washington, D.C. Office
420 Cannon House Office Building
Washington, DC 20515
(1st Street and Independence Avenue)
202-225-2411
202-225-2013 (fax)
Chester County Office
Post Office Box 837
Unionville, PA 19375
(Routes 82 and 926)
610-444-4581
610-444-5750 (fax)
Lancaster Office
150 North Queen Street
Suite 716 (7th floor)
Lancaster, PA 17603
717-393-0667
717-393-0924 (fax)
Click Here Click Here