
If you are having
trouble viewing this message or would like to share it on a social
network, you can
view the
message online .
Home
About
Louise
Serving
You
Issues
25th
District
Newsroom
Blog
Multimedia
Contact
Dear David,
Travelling around the
world can be a fun adventure. If you have had the opportunity to
travel outside of America, you know first-hand the amount of preparation
needed before you leave. From passports, visas, and all the State
Department advice, it can be hard to wade through the information.
Heres a quick overview of what you
should consider while planning to travel abroad. Check out the resources
provided and don't hesitate to call my office if you have questions. For
my Rochester office, you can call (585) 232-4850. For the Washington,
D.C. office, call (202) 225-3615.
Passports are obtained through the Passport Services Division of the
Department of State. Through your local passport acceptance agent,
you can apply for a new passport, renew your old one, replace a lost,
stolen, or damaged passport, or add new pages to your existing book.
To locate a passport acceptance facility near you,
click here .
It is important to note that there is a fee when you
apply for a passport and it can take up to 4-6 weeks for you to
receive it, so make sure to plan accordingly if you need to apply for one.
If this is your first time applying for a passport, you need to
provide the passport acceptance agent with a certified U.S. birth
certificate or if you were born in another country or U.S. territory, you need
to provide a certificate of naturalization/citizenship.
Once your passport arrives then that means
youre all set, right? Not quite. You still have to check with the country
or countries youll be visiting to determine whether or not youll
need a visa. A visa is permission from a country to cross their borders
and comes in the form of a page inserted in your passport. You usually
have to mail your passport to the embassy or consulate of the country
youll be visiting, so allow plenty of time for this process.
Even if you have a passport and dont need to apply for a new one
any time soon, you should still check its expiration date, because some
countries have a passport validity requirement. This means that your
passport must be valid for a certain period of time related to your
travel and the requirement is different depending on your destination.
To check the passport validity and visa requirement
for the country or countries youll be visiting, click
here.
For example, if you want to travel to France, your passport
must be valid for at least three months beyond your planned date of
departure and a tourist visa is not required if you plan on staying for
under 90 days. For Russia, a passport must be valid six months beyond
your intended stay and a tourist visa is required, regardless of how
long you will be staying there.
The State Department also
has some tips for you when you decide to travel internationally. A
secure way to maintain your emergency contact information is to enroll
with their free
Smart Traveler Enrollment
Program
(STEP). Your information is stored securely and enables the
Department of State, U.S. embassy, or U.S. consulate to contact you, your
family, or your friends in an emergency. Furthermore, when you sign up,
you will automatically receive the most current information the State
Department has about the country where you will be travelling. STEP
also assists you in the event of an emergency, such as losing your
passport or in a natural disaster.
The State Department also wants to
ensure that you are safe while you travel. They have
country-specific information ,
travel
alerts and warnings , facts sheets, and emergency messages to
provide you with timely and accurate travel information.
As
you can see, international travel requires a lot of preparation. If
youre still having problems with applying for a passport or visa, please
let my office know. My staff is ready to help with any troubles you
may encounter.
Here are
some useful links while planning your travels:
U.S. Passports
Information
Where to
get your U.S. Passport?
Smart Traveler Enrollment
Program
Learn About
Your Destination/Passport &amp; Visas Requirements
Travel Alerts and
Warnings
Best,
Rochester Office
3120 Federal
Building
100 State Street
Rochester, NY
14614
Phone: (585) 232-4850
Fax: (585) 232-1954
Washington D.C. Office
2469 Rayburn
HOB
Washington, D.C. 20515
Phone: (202)
225-3615
Fax: (202) 225-7822
Unsubscribe
|
Update My Profile
|
Privacy Policy
gateway mail end
