
September 30, 2014
Stuck in the Senate
Friends,
Heres something you wont hear about on the news: right now, there are 387 House-passed bills stuck in the Senate. These bills, many with broad bipartisan support, contain the policy changes needed to jump-start the American economy, secure our border, and rein in an out-of-control federal bureaucracy. Week after week, the House has drafted, debated, and passed bills that address the many crises facing our country. The overwhelming majority of these bills are collecting dust on Harry Reids desk.
Our conservative agenda is simple, straightforward, and what the country needs to get the economy going. We want to fix our tax code to make it fairer, flatter, and simpler. We want to solve our spending problem and live within our means. We want to reform our regulatory system so that Washington red tape isnt holding back job creation and stifling innovation.
These
387 bills
do that. There are bills that approve the Keystone XL pipeline, bills that recognize states ability to regulate hydraulic fracturing practices instead of the federal government, and bills that stop the EPAs overregulation of the energy industry. These bills lower costs, increase production, and move us closer to energy independence.
Forty-six of these bills
are specifically designed to make it easier for our businesses to grow, expand, and hire more people. These bills remove Dodd-Frank regulations restricting capital access for small businesses, repeal Obamacare requirements preventing companies from hiring new workers, and make it more expensive for plaintiffs to file frivolous lawsuits.
Texass economy is booming, and its because of our smart, pro-growth policies. Texans know what works: low taxes, limited regulations, and energy production are the keys to our success. Conservatives know that works, too, and were working to implement these pro-growth policies nationally. Right now, were fighting against big-government liberals in the White House and the Senateits an uphill battle, but were making progress. Weve cut spending and reined in the Administration through the Appropriations process and through our oversight powers.
Were not done fighting eitherover the upcoming months and years, a conservative Congress will have a chance to truly cut spending and prevent the bankruptcy of our entitlement programs. Well have the opportunity to reform our too-complex tax code to make it simpler, fairer, and flatter. Well have the chance to restore many of the federal governments functions back where they belongto the states. We know what works, and well be able to enact it.
Sincerely,
John Culberson
Tell a Friend
Forward this email
to a friend.
E-mail Updates
Yes, please periodically
send me e-mail updates.
Multimedia
To view the latest video of Congressman Culberson,
click here .
NOTE: Please DO NOT respond to this email as this inbox is unattended. To contact my office please
click here
UNSUBSCRIBE
|
PRIVACY POLICY
|
CONTACT US
Click Here Click Here