
If you are having trouble viewing this message or would like to share
it on a social network, you can
view the message online .
About Lynn
|
Constituent Services
|
Issues
|
Media Center
|
Legislative Center
|
Georgia's Third District
|
Contact
Me
October 19, 2014
Westmoreland Statement on
Ebola
Outbreak
Like many Americans, my concerns over the CDCs handling of the Ebola
outbreak in America are growing daily. To this point, the response has
been one step behind containing and eliminating the virus. When
President Obama and Director Frieden made the decision to send troops to
West Africa to risk their lives abroad, they should have shown equal
force in combating the disease at home. The Ebola swat team the
president called for last night should have been deployed weeks ago when the
first patient came back to
America.
The breach of protocol and lack of guidance provided for health care
workers in Texas has caused the American people to lose faith in the
governments ability to contain the disease. While the CDC has many
dedicated workers, they do not have a perfect record when it comes to
keeping protocol and focusing on their underlying mission. The CDC has
made multiple mistakes in the last year, such as the handling of Bird
Flu (H5N1 influenza virus) and Anthrax and this situation has been no
different. Their protocol needs to be seriously reexamined for any
possible weaknesses, and they need to tighten up their training procedures
so that not a single American healthcare worker or person is at
risk.
I join many of my colleagues in
requesting a travel ban that includes screening of visas from
countries where the outbreak is occurring, specifically West Africa. What we
are doing now is not enough and we need stronger leadership from CDC
Director Frieden and President Obama to protect our citizens. Due to our
nations advanced medicine and expertise to handle this
appropriately, the threat of widespread outbreak in the US still remains low;
however we must act quickly and carefully to destroy that threat
completely.
Share on
Facebook
Share on
Twitter
Westmoreland Applaunds SHEP
PPA Signing Ceremony
On Wednesday,
October 8th, 2014, the Signing Ceremony of the Project Partnership Agreement
(PPA) for the Savannah Harbor Expansion Project (SHEP) was held in
Georgias Third Congressional District at the Home Depot Direct
Fulfillment Center #6777 in Locus Grove, Georgia. The ceremony commemorated
the official agreement by the United States Army Corps of Engineers to
begin deepening the Savannah
Port.
October 8th marked the beginning of a new era for the Savannah
Port; one that hopefully takes Georgias waterways to a new level of
competitiveness in our nation. This ceremony is the result of the
tireless efforts both at the state and federal level to bring more jobs to
Georgia and boost our states economy. I am proud the delegation came
together to fight for this project and create much needed jobs for
Georgians. I look forward to seeing the construction and successes of the
Savannah Harbor Expansion Project in the years to
come.
The PPA with the US Army Corps of Engineers
allows for the deepening of the Savannah Port from 45 to 47 feet to
allow larger ships to pass through the port. It is a vital project for our
nations infrastructure and is expected to have a major impact on
Georgias economy, creating over 11,000 jobs. I, along with all 14
members of the Georgia delegation, supported the Water Resource Reform and
Development Act that passed this time last year approving the funding
for the project.
Share on
Facebook
Share on Twitter
Join the Conversation
Tell
a Friend
E-mail:
In Other News
Laying Down the L.A.W. Blog: Ebola: Facts and Tips for
Prevention
The United States is fortunate to be home to some
of the worlds most advanced medicine and technology, making the
threat of an outbreak in the homeland low. However, prevention and
elimination of spreading is the most vital tool we have in combating the
virus...
Laying Down the L.A.W. Blog: Growing American Made
Energy and Jobs
Congressman Westmoreland is a firm
believer that Americas energy policies should encourage innovation
and domestic energy independence, not hinder it. That is why he voted
for H.R.2 - American Energy Solutions for Lower Costs and More American
Jobs Act...
Fox News: New Benghazi indictment confirms computers with
classified information stolen
An indictment
Tuesday of a Libyan militant already behind bars for the 2012
Benghazi attack that killed four Americans confirms that computers with
sensitive and classified information were stolen from the consulate during
the assault
The Atlanta
Journal-Constitution: Foreclosures fall as housing market
changes
Foreclosure notices in metro Atlanta fell this month to
their lowest level of any October since 2001, a crucial signal that
stress in the housing market at last has ebbed
although it leaves behind
a changed landscape...
Peach
Pundit: Unemployment Rate Down
The
Georgia Department of Labor announced today that Georgias seasonally
adjusted unemployment rate for September was 7.9 percent, down two-tenths
of a percentage point from 8.1 percent in
August...
WASHINGTON, DC OFFICE 2433 Rayburn House
Office Bldg Washington, DC 20515 Phone (202) 225-5901 Fax
(202) 225-2515
THIRD DISTRICT
OFFICE
1601-B East Highway
34 Newnan, Georgia 30265 Phone (770) 683-2033 Fax (770)
683-2042
Unsubscribe
|
Update My
Profile
|
Privacy Policy
gateway mail
end 