
October 17, 2014
Fighting Ebola
Dear Friend,
Texas, unfortunately, is the epicenter of the Ebola virus in America. As new health care workers are infected, it is clear that significant precautions must be taken to stop the spread of this disease in America.
Over the past few weeks, I have taken the following steps to encourage the Obama Administration and the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention (CDC) to increase their actions to protect Americans from this disease:
Urged President Obama to
implement a travel ban
for individuals arriving from Sierra Leone, Guinea, and Liberia.
Called for
enhanced passenger screenings
at the Dallas-Fort Worth and Houston-IAH airports.
Supported $146 million in Ebola funding , including:
$83 million for the Biomedical Advance Research and Development Authority (BARDA) to develop and manufacture an Ebola vaccine.
$18 million for the National Institutes of Health (NIH) to speed up existing Ebola research.
$45 million for the CDC to track down and increase surveillance for Ebola patient contacts domestically and abroad.
According to the World Health Organization, the current Ebola outbreak in West Africa is the largest and deadliest in recorded history and has killed nearly 5,000 people. This highlights the need to secure our borders though law enforcement and restricting administrative funds to agencies that refuse to enforce immigration law. It is time to take proactive precautions to prevent additional Ebola cases from arriving on our shores.
The United States must focus our efforts on stopping the disease. Immediately implementing travel restrictions is the most effective way to prevent the continued spread of Ebola in this country. This disease is too deadly and too contagious for business as usualtravel restrictions are an important and necessary step that the federal government needs to take to protect American citizens. I hope that the Obama Administration will take every precaution to keep the American people safe.
Sincerely,
John Culberson
Tell a Friend
Forward this email
to a friend.
E-mail Updates
Yes, please periodically
send me e-mail updates.
Multimedia
To view the latest video of Congressman Culberson,
click here .
NOTE: Please DO NOT respond to this email as this inbox is unattended. To contact my office please
click here
UNSUBSCRIBE
|
PRIVACY POLICY
|
CONTACT US
Click Here Click Here