
If you
are having trouble viewing this message or would like to share it on a
social network, you can
view the message online .
Home
About Louise
Serving You
Issues
25th District
Newsroom
Blog
Multimedia
Contact
Dear David,
On April 2, 1986,
Ken and Dorothy Reid of Brockport brought a son into this world named
Nicholas. He grew up too quickly, like all children do, and just
2 years out of high school, Nick, as he was called by his friends and
family, enlisted in the United States Army while we were in the midst
of two wars. Surely knowing that he would see the dangers of battle
but proudly volunteering to serve his country, Nic kwas assigned to the
53rd Ordnance Company of the 3rd Ordnance Battalion based at Joint
Base Lewis-McChord in Washington State.
Staff Sergeant Nick
Reid served two tours of duty on the battlefields of Afghanistan and
faced some of the most perilous situations ever encountered by the
United States Army as an explosive ordnance disposal specialist, the most
dangerous job there was. In his frontline role, Nick repeatedly
risked his life for the safety of his fellow soldiers and civilians
alike.
It was in this role that
Nicksuffered fatal injuries when an improvised explosive device, or IED,
detonated in a village in Afghanistan, on December 9, 2012. He received
the Bronze Star, the Purple Heart, and many other medals of service
for his courage, but those will never repay the debt of gratitude we owe
him.
In honor of Staff
Sergeant Reid, I sponsored legislation which named the United States
Post Office at 14 Main Street in Brockport to permanently designate it
as the Staff Sergeant Nicholas J. Reid Post Office.
I stood with Nicks family and the Brockport
community this weekend to unveil two plaques and a portrait that now mark
the Brockport post office in Nicks honor. We can never fully repay
Nick or his family for their service to our country; but with this
gesture, we can ensure that future generations will know of the incredible
life that Staff Sergeant Reid lived.
During the ceremony, Captain Chad Juhlin, Reids former
commanding officer, remembered Nick by saying, "Nick's dedication to his job,
to his team, to his unit, and to his country was greater than any
soldier I had ever seen.
It is
my hope that those who cross through the doors of that post office
take a moment to consider Staff Sergeant Reid and say a prayer in his
memory: the memory of a young man who not only volunteered and served
twice, but went directly to the most dangerous territory to diffuse
enemy explosives for the safety of others.
If you
live in the area, I encourage you to stop by, see his portrait, and pay
your respects.
Sincerely,
Louise M.
Slaughter
Rochester Office
3120 Federal
Building
100 State Street
Rochester, NY
14614
Phone: (585) 232-4850
Fax: (585) 232-1954
Washington D.C. Office
2469 Rayburn
HOB
Washington, D.C. 20515
Phone: (202)
225-3615
Fax: (202) 225-7822
Unsubscribe
|
Update My Profile
|
Privacy Policy
