
If you are
having trouble viewing this message or would like to share it on a
social network, you can
view
the message online .
Home
Biography
Online Office
Issues
Media Center
District
Contact
October 24, 2014
Dear Friend,
I have
always felt that the best solutions are long-term, thoughtful, and include
the perspective of all people affected by an issue. This
stakeholder-driven decision making process represents an inclusive style of
governance, which grants opportunities for all citizens to offer their
thoughts on issues that impact their lives. It is, in many ways, the most
democratic form of decision making.
A stakeholder process is
important, but to be effective it requires
participation.
With this in mind, I want to call your attention to a process,
currently underway, which will have a lasting impact on how our state manages
and maintains the Central Wasatch mountains and surrounding
communities. Mountain Accord is a working group of public and private
stakeholders that seeks to address the transportation, environmental,
recreational, and economic needs of the Central Wasatch
mountains.
Mountain Accord is managed by an Executive Board comprised of
twenty-three members of local government from the surrounding area. The Chair of
the Executive Board is Salt Lake County Mayor, Ben McAdams, and the
Vice Chair is Summit County Council Member, Chris Robinson. The
Executive Board operates according to an organizational charter, and reports
on the outcome of all meetings on its website,
www.mountainaccord.com . You can visit the website to review the issues
and provide your comments regarding the future of the Central Wasatch
mountains.
As Utahns, we understand the value of our lands.
We also understand that land-use decisions can be among the most
contentious issues we address. During my time in Congress, I have worked
closely with a wide variety of stakeholders to craft policy solutions
that represent the needs of all parties. This process results in
long-term, lasting solutions that incorporate the desires of people from all
ideologies and points of view. It is my hope that with patience,
stakeholder participation, and productive dialogue, Utah can create a plan
that will set the Central Wasatch mountains on a path for sustainable
use and future success.
I am honored to serve in Congress
on behalf of Utah families like yours.
As your representative, I
always appreciate hearing from you on current topics and issues
affecting you and our community.
Please
let me
know
areas you find especially interesting or where I can provide you
with additional information.
I value your ideas and look forward
to hearing from you.
Sincerely,
U.S. Representative
4th District of
Utah
Share on Facebook Share on Twitter
Tell a Friend
E-mail:
E-mail:
E-mail:
Washington, DC Office
2211 Rayburn HOB
Washington, DC
20515
Phone - (202) 225-3011
Fax - (202) 225-5638
Utah District Office
9067
South 1300 West Suite 101
West Jordan, UT 84088
Phone -
(801) 486-1236
Fax - (801) 486-1417
Unsubscribe
|
Update My Profile
|
Privacy Policy
gateway mail end
