DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.0 Transitional//EN" "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml1/DTD/xhtml1-transitional.dtd"
OK-04 District Update | September 30, 2014
Click here
if you have trouble viewing this email
The last few weeks leading into fall have been filled with legislative work in Washington, D.C. and travels across the Fourth District of Oklahoma.
Legislative Update from the House of Representatives
While Congress was in session part of this month, we voted on several pieces of legislation. Heres a quick update on some of the key bills passed by the U.S. House of Representatives.
H.J. Res. 124
Continuing Appropriations Resolution:
Passed also by the U.S. Senate, this bill funds the government until December 11, removing the threat of another government shutdown. The legislation includes an amendment that provides the Administration with the authority he requested to arm and train Syrian rebels to fight the terrorist group ISIL.
(September 17)
Before voting on the legislation, I managed the rule for consideration of the continuing resolution on the House Floor. Watch my opening remarks
here .
H.R. 2
American Energy Solutions for Lower Costs and More American Jobs Act:
This energy package seeks to expand Americas energy infrastructure, reduce prices and promote new technologies. It also includes a provision that removes the presidential permit approval requirement for pipeline construction. Considering that we recently passed six years since TransCanada first applied for a presidential permit to build the Keystone XL pipeline, I am pleased that the House passed legislation that would end this needless delay and create thousands of American jobs.
(September 18)
H.R. 4
Jobs for America Act:
Continuing to focus its efforts on building an America that encourages job creation, the Republican-led House passed a jobs compilation bill to improve the outlook for American workers and businesses and grow the economy.
(September 18)
To learn more about other legislation considered by the House this month, click
here .
Highlights from the Fourth District
Throughout the months of August and September, I had the opportunity to meet some great people from the Fourth District in my D.C. office and while traveling back in Oklahoma. I enjoyed meeting small business owners, hearing many homegrown stories and learning about their success.
High School Principal of the Year:
Earlier this month, I was honored to visit with Rodney Maynard when he came by my D.C. office. Currently serving with excellence at Davis High School in the Fourth District, Rodney was recently named Oklahomas High School Principal of the Year by the Oklahoma Association of Secondary School Principals.
Youth Ambassador for National Child Awareness Month:
I was very impressed by Tiffany Postoak from Allen and also a member of the Chickasaw Nation. She came to D.C. as Oklahomas Youth Ambassador for National Child Awareness Month and is currently leading a project called Chikasha Toili (Chickasaw Baseball) to raise money for Chickasaw children placed in foster care. Many of the children placed leave the majority of their belongings behind, but the money raised through Tiffanys project helps provide clothing for these children in their new living environments.
Ziegelmeiers:
Just a few years ago, Kelly and Gaytha Ziegelmeier of Ada discovered a new way to enjoy pecans. Since perfecting their special recipe for toasted pecan butter in 2010, Ziegelmeiers has seen the demand for its product grow dramatically. Based right in the Fourth District, this family owned and operated business serves a strong national market, including presence in more than two dozen Whole Foods Stores and Amazons Grocery Division.
Loveras Famous Italian Market:
Based in Krebs, Loveras Famous Italian Market is truly a traditional hometown establishment. Since 1946, Loveras has been a fixture in the community and is known for fine grocery and Italian imports like cheese, sausage and olive oil. Managed by Sam Lovera, this family-owned business still brings a little bit of Italy to Oklahoma years after opening its doors and even has its own cheese production.
What I'm Reading:
At the start of every month, I invite you to join me in reading a selection of my favorite books or follow along with my
current reading list . My book list will be posted to the website and archived each month
here .
Check back
this week for my October picks, featuring selections on World War I.
Stay Connected:
As your representative, I want to keep you informed on the issues facing our district, state and country. Follow the conversation or reach out to me using
#OK04
on
Twitter . You can also connect with me on
Facebook ,
Instagram
or
Vine .
Sincerely,
Tom Cole
Member of Congress
As a member of the Chickasaw Nation coming from a state with rich tribal heritage, I was honored to participate in Tribal Unity Impact Day with the National Congress of American Indians.
Grateful to have two interns helping out my DC office this fall. If youve called my office recently, Emanuel and Dan are often one of the voices you hear greeting you.
Was honored to visit with Rodney Maynard earlier this month in D.C. Currently serving with excellence at Davis High School in the Fourth District, Rodney was recently named Oklahomas High School Principal of the Year.
Was very impressed by Tiffany Postoak from Allen, who visited D.C. as Oklahomas Youth Ambassador for National Child Awareness Month. She is currently leading a project called Chikasha Toili (Chickasaw Baseball) to help Chickasaw children placed in foster care.
Had the honor of speaking with students during a class at East Central University in Ada.
Since perfecting their special recipe for toasted pecan butter, Ziegelmeiers has seen the demand for its product grow dramatically. Based right in the Fourth District, this family owned and operated business serves a strong national market.
Since 1946, Loveras Famous Italian Market has brought a little bit of Italy to Oklahoma with fine grocery and Italian imports like cheese, sausage and olive oil.
Stopped by the Holcim Plant in Ada last week where I visited with manager Mike Langan and others during a tour of the plant.
Had a great visit at Elite Tank in Ada. The company's poly and plastic tanks have greatly helped the energy and agriculture industries thrive in Oklahoma.
Washington, DC Office
2458 Rayburn HOB
Washington, DC 20515
Phone: (202) 225-6165
Norman
2424 Springer Dr., Suite 201
Norman, OK 73069
Phone: (405) 329-6500
Ada
100 E. 13th St., Suite 213
Ada, OK 74820
Phone: (580) 436-5375
Lawton
711 SW D Ave., Suite 201
Lawton, OK 73501
Phone: (580) 357-2131
UPDATE SUBSCRIPTION OPTIONS
|
CONTACT US
Click Here Click Here