
If you are having trouble viewing this message
or would like to share it on a social network, you can
view the message online .
HOME
ABOUT ME
ISSUES
SERVICES
CONTACT
October 03, 2014
While many, including the president, suggest tax increases are
needed to solve our nations deficit problem, I completely reject this
notion.
I support a Balanced Budget Amendment that
would limit the government from spending more than it takes in or to tax
the American people beyond a fixed percentage of the Gross Domestic
Product.
I also cosponsor many other tax reform bills that aim to
solve what I firmly believe are the downfalls of our current tax
structure.
The Federal tax burden imposed on my former business
and my family was one of the reasons I ran for Congress. Our tax
code has become too complex and contains too many opportunities for
outcomes which defy common sense.
Many folks will not even try to
file tax forms without consulting an accountant, an attorney or
both.
When complying with our own nations tax laws requires expensive
professional help, something is seriously wrong.
That
is why I am proud to be a co-sponsor of the Fair Tax, which proposes
a consumption-based tax while repealing the income tax, employment
tax, and estate and gift tax.
A consumption-based tax will catch
elements of the underground economy which currently do not pay taxes
while significantly reducing the cost of doing business.
Such
measures will result in lower prices for consumers and, most importantly,
individuals and families will not have to file taxes each year.
Eliminating the Internal Revenue Service and personal income taxes
would be huge steps toward a fair system, while the elimination of all
of the various loopholes will guarantee uniformity across the
board.
Allowing wage and salary earners to keep more of their hard-earned
dollars will do far more to grow our economy than any government
program.
I also believe that the start-up and growth of small
businesses is a crucial component of our economys success.
Small
businesses are a key source of innovation.
As a former small
businessman for over 30 years, I understand the unique challenges and
opportunities that small businesses have as they struggle to compete in
todays economy.
I will continue to support actions which reduce
taxes and regulations on small businesses so they can focus on
providing jobs and valuable services to the American people.
We
need to reform our nations broken tax code to allow people to keep
more of their hard-earned money and provide relief to small businesses
who are the nations number one job creator.
Washington
Office
1541 Longworth HOB
Washington, DC
20510
Phone: (202) 225-6536
Fax:
(202) 225-5604
Springfield
Office
3232 E. Ridgeview St.
Springfield, MO 65804
Phone: (417) 889-1800
Fax: (417) 889-4915
Joplin Office
2727 E. 32nd St. Ste. 2
Joplin, MO 64804
Phone: (417) 781-1041
Fax: (417)
781-2832
Unsubscribe
|
Update My Profile
|
Privacy Policy
