
If you are having trouble
viewing this message or would like to share it on a social network, you
can
view the message
online .
HOME
CONTACT US
ISSUES
LEGISLATION
September 28, 2014
Dear
David,
Earlier this month, the Boles fire in the town of Weed,
California destroyed over 100 homes, and damanged an elementary school
as well as a timber mill, one of the area's largest employers. On
Monday, I visited the town of Weed, spoke with Mayor Bob Hall as well as
offered my gratitude and appreciation for our brave firefighters and
volunteers aiding victims. In the wake of such devastation, it was
uplifting to see the outpouring of community support and
encouragement.
Rep. LaMalfa meeting with members of the Red Cross who are
assisting residents impacted by the
wildfires.
Unfortunately, this is not new for
many residents in the North State. Each year, millions of acres are
burned in California and throughout the United States. Hundreds of
structures are destroyed and thousands of residents are evacuated from their
homes and communities. The simple fact is that our forests are
entirely unmanaged, and as a result are overgrown, unhealthy and ready burst
into flame at any time. In Washington, I have been urging Congress to
implement responsible forest management measures, including
H.R. 1526 , a bill that would improve forest health by
removing burdensome regulations from timber and fire prevention work in
National Forests. This common sense measure, which passed with bipartisan
support in the House over a year ago, is still waiting on Senator
Reids desk. Without action to advance these desperately needed reforms,
our forests will continue to burn and our rural communities will
continue to suffer. Now, more than ever, we need to commit to common sense,
balanced forest policies that give local forest professionals the
flexibility to access our forests and thin them in a way that reduces
fuels and restores them to a less crowded, more fire resilient and
healthier condition. To watch my speech on the House Floor urging action on
forestry reform, click
here .
Below,
I've included a couple updates as well as a brief overview of some of my
recent activities in the North State. If you have not done so
already, please take a moment to complete my survey at the bottom of the page
to share your thoughts on the ongoing situation involving the Islamic
State of Iraq and Syria (ISIS). As always, please feel free to
contact my office with any questions or concerns you may
have.
Sincerely,
Rep. LaMalfa meeing with Jeff Scholberg,
the Roseburg Mill Manager,following the Boles
Fire.
Shasta Forestry
Challenge
On Thursday, I attended the Shasta Forestry
Challenge, an annual event for high school students in technical
forestry. This year, the event brought foresters, policy makers, and
researchers together to focus on reforestation following the 2012 Ponderosa
Fire, which burned 27,676 acres in Tehama and Shasta Counties.
Students heard from foresters who discussed the challenges of reforestation,
proper techniques to maximize survival of seedlings, as well as recent
research in planting design at Blodgett Research Forest. During the
challenge, teams of students also completed field work, and proposed
their own optimal planting designs. It was great to have the opportunity
to see so many enthusiastic and hard working students, teachers, and
volunteers dedicated to finding solutions to our forestry
issues.
Stopping Costly and Ineffective
Mandates
I firmly believe that law-abiding citizens
should be able to maintain their Constitutional right to own firearms
without onerous mandates or excessive regulations. For this reason, I
recently introduced
H.R. 732 , a resolution declaring
that Californias mandated micro stamping of new semiautomatic pistols
infringes on the Second Amendment rights of citizens as well imposes
costly, excessive burdens on private companies that are not only
unrealistic, but also impossible to comply with. This mandate, which has
already caused manufacturers such as Sturm, Ruger &amp; Co., and Smith
&amp; Wesson to simply stop selling guns in California, threatens the
employment of thousands in the firearms industry, and ultimately pushes
the cost onto consumers by raising the price of legal firearms by
over $200 per gun. In addition, this cost to law-abiding citizens is not
only high, it is ineffective. Even the patent holder of the technology
authored a study that concluded legitimate questions exist related to
both the technical aspects, production costs, and database management
associated with microstamping that should be addressed before wide
scale implementation is legislatively mandated. We must bring an end to
the arbitrary mandates that continue to cripple the liberty and
ability of Californians to protect themselves and their
families.
Rep.
LaMalfa meeting with members of the California Trucking Association in
Cottonwood to celebrate Truck Driver Appreciation
Day.
Encouraging Fiscal
Transparency in Monetary Policy
Earlier this month, the
House passed the Federal Reserve Transparency Act.
H.R.
24 , of which I am a proud cosponsor, directs the Government
Accountability Office (GAO) to complete a complete audit of the Federal
Reserve system within one year and submit a report of its findings and
conclusions to Congress. The measure would also eliminate the current
audit restrictions placed on the GAO. Its unfortunate that we even need
to require an audit
the Federal Reserve was established by Congress
back in 1913, yet it has avoided opening its books to the American
people for its entire existence. In light of recent economic crises, it
is more crucial than ever that the Federal Reserves monetary policy
decisions be open and transparent. The American people have a right to
know what the Federal Reserve is doing with our nations money supply,
and I believe the Senate should take action on this measure
immediately.
Rep. LaMalfa meeting with with Don Krysakowski who is the
manager of the Work Training Center, an organization dedicated to
training and employing local adults with disabilities in Butte County.
Standing Up For Small Business Owners
I have the utmost
respect for small business owners in the North State. They are courageous
men and women who work day in and out in the face of tough economic
circumstances and overbearing government regulations. For this reason, I
was humbled and honored to receive the National Federation of
Independent Business (NFIB) Guardian of Small Business Award. It cannot be
said enough how important our small businesses are to our local
communities and economy and I will continue to work to advance policies that
empower business owners and encourage job growth while reducing
excessive and unnecessary red tape.
Rep. LaMalfa being recognized as a "Guardian
of Small Business" by the National Federation of Independent
Businesses and their CEO Dan
Danner .
Repealing the Federal Death
Tax
The concept that the government is entitled to 40% of ones lifes
work is counter to the very ideals of private property our nation was
founded upon, which is why I took action to lead a coalition of 30
lawmakers in urging House leadership to schedule a vote to repeal the
federal death tax imposed on deceased Americans. Passing
H.R. 2429 , which was introduced in 2013, should be a key component
of our efforts to protect small businesses and family farms from
ruinous taxes. Rolling back this punitive tax will ensure that the legacy
of small business owners and job creators is not destroyed simply
because their lives have ended.
Rep. LaMalfa speaking with Jack Lincoln of Chico, CA
who is interning in his Washington office this fall. Interns have the
opportunity to attend legislative briefings, provide assistance with
policy research, and work with staff on various issues before the
House. To learn more about the internship program and how to apply, please
click
here.
Please take a moment to answer the below
questions so I can hear your thoughts on the ongoing situation involving
the Islamic State of Iraq and Syria (ISIS).
Do you believe ISIS poses a serious threat to
American personnel and interests in the Middle East? Yes No Need More Information Do you believe Congressional oversight over any
action taken to combat ISIS should be required?
Yes No Need More Information Do you believe the United States should use airstrikes
against terrorists of the Islamic State of Iraq and Syria?
Yes No Need More Information Do you believe the United States should
use group troops in the effort to defeat ISIS? Yes No Need More Information Do you have any additional
thoughts? *By answering this survey, you are
subscribing to my newsletter. If you are having trouble, click
here.
E-mail Updates
Yes, please periodically send me
e-mail updates.*
*By
subscribing to my
e-mail updates, you are authorizing me to send
regular e-mail updates from my office to your e-mail account.
Tell a Friend
E-mail:
Share on
Twitter Share on
Facebook
Washington D.C. Office
506 Cannon HOB
Washington, DC 20515
Phone: 202-225-3076
Fax: (202) 226-0552
Oroville District
Office
1453
Downer Street,Suite A
Oroville, CA
95965
Phone: (530) 534-7100
Fax: (530) 534-7800
Redding District
Office
2885 Churn
Creek Rd.,
Suite C
Redding, CA 96002
Phone: (530)
223-5898
Fax: (530) 605-4339
Auburn
District Office
13626 New Airport Rd.,
Ste
106
Auburn, CA 95602
Phone: (530) 878-5035
Fax: (530)
878-5037
Unsubscribe
|
Update My Profile
|
Privacy Policy
