
If you are
having trouble viewing this message or would like to share it on a social
network, you can
view
the message online .
HOME
ABOUT ME
CONTACT ME
SERVING YOU
MEDIA CENTER
OUR DISTRICT
RESOURCES
October 27, 2014
Dear Subscribers,
Thanks so much
for being loyal subscribers to my newsletter. If you enjoy reading
this weekly update please forward it on to your friends and suggest they
subscribe. I do my best to make sure there is fresh information about
Kansas and my work in Washington, D.C.
I've been very
busy these past weeks doing my favorite part of my job as your
Representative: hearing from constituents in my district on the issues
important to them. This newsletter highlights local events and businesses and
is distributed to a wide ranging audience. If you know of a local
business I should visit, charity event I could be involved in, or any
news in Kansas's 3rd Congressional District please make it known to me by
calling my Overland Park office at
913-621-0832.
Thanks for reading!
Sincerely,
Kevin
FREE Medicare Open Enrollment Event
OPEN TO ALL
Last week, my office hosted an event
to help seniors in Wyandotte County with the Medicare Open Enrollment
period that runs from October 15 to December 7. We were able to help
local seniors save thousands, including Stephen Foster, who wrote to
us after the event last week:
"Dear Sir, I just wanted to say thank you for
having the Shick program in Wyandotte County yesterday. I am turning 65 in
February and was quite a bit upset about Medicare and getting
insurance and in General pretty confused about what to do. The agents there
really helped me in getting it straightened out. Again thank you for
holding it and thank you for being a great representative of the 3rd
District."
Working with seniors in Wyandotte County last week to assist them with
their Medicare benefits.
Attendees at one of my
Medicare Open Enrollment Assistance Events have the opportunity for
face-to-face assistance from knowledgeable benefits counselors from the
Senior Health Insurance
Counseling for Kansas (SHICK)
program. SHICK is a
free, unbiased and confidential program that uses trained, community
counselors to answer your questions about Medicare issues. SHICK
counselors can help find the most affordable plan that fits your personal
health care needs.
The next event will be held
soon:
Thursday, November 6 from 9:00 a.m.
to 3:00 p.m. at Sylvester Powell Community Center in Mission,
Kansas.
Each year there are new health plan and
prescription drug coverage choices to consider and it is our goal to
make this decision process as easy as we can for you. For more
information on the upcoming Medicare Open Enrollment event, visit my
website .
Medicare beneficiaries who
wish to make changes or enroll for the first time need to bring their
Medicare card, any current prescriptions (including dosage and
frequency), and a list of preferred pharmacies. For additional information,
please contact my
District
Office
in Overland Park at (913) 621-0832 or
t he official Medicare.gov
website for more information on Medicare
Enrollment.
Roll Call: Tick Tock: The Time for Electronic Privacy Reform is
Now | Commentary
I am the lead sponsor of the Email Privacy
Act, to keep your emails away from government intrusion. My colleagues
from both parties, numbering 270 strong, agree and support my
legislation. Read this article from Roll Call to learn more:
By David Snead
Oct. 21, 2014, 5
a.m
In 1986, Top Gun
and Crocodile Dundee were packing movie theaters. Peter Gabriel and The
Bangles were putting out hit music. Microsoft held its initial public
offering of stock shares.
And 28 years ago this week
on October 21, 1986 the Electronic
Communications Privacy Act of 1986 became law.
Long before emails and cloud servers, ECPA
was written, and is still in place today without having been
updated.
ECPA says authorities
need only a subpoena, not a warrant, to look at private information
stored in the cloud after the information has been accessible for 180
days. The law fails to ensure that certain forms of modern communication
are granted the privacy protections guaranteed by the Constitution of
the United States.
The law not only threatens our right to due process, but also the
enterprising nature of the Internet infrastructure and the cloud computing
industries, a business sector that generates $46 billion in annual
direct and indirect revenue in the United States.
...
The Email
Privacy Act (H.R. 1852) was introduced in the House by Representatives
Kevin Yoder, R-Kan., Sam Graves, R-Mo., and Jared Polis,
D-Colo.
Read more at Roll
Call.
Visiting Sorenson Video Relay Service Center in Overland
Park
As Co-Chair of the Congressional Deaf Caucus, I
toured Sorenson Video Relay Service (VRS) in Overland Park to learn
about their video communications services for deaf and hard-of-hearing
Americans. VRS is the telecommunication platform of choice for people
who are deaf because it enables them to communicate by videophone in
American Sign Language through interpreters here in Overland
Park.
Sorenson has over 100 VRS centers and the facility in OP is one of
the largest in terms of employees and square footage, employing 110
people. The 3rd Congressional District is home to many deaf people and
their families in part due to the proximity of the Kansas School for
the Deaf in Olathe. It was fascinating for me to see firsthand how
easily we can communicate by videophone. Thank you for this valuable
tour.
Learn more
here.
Addressing
Kansas City, Kansas Congressional Forum
I enjoyed
addressing the Kansas City Kansas Chamber of Commerce Congressional
Forum recently in Downtown KCK about the many issues facing Congress and
our nation.
Congressional Forum has a long history, starting
46 years ago. The Forum is held by the Kansas City Kansas Area Chamber
of Commerce and I enjoy this opportunity to discuss issues before
Congress directly with my constituents and business leaders in
KCK.
The Forum meets on the third Friday of every month at the Reardon
Convention Center in KCK.
For more
information visit the KCK Chamber Website.
Visiting Hillside Village
in De Soto
Recently, I held a senior forum at
Hillside Village in De Soto to discuss important issues such as healthcare,
service at the Veterans Administration, Medicare, and Immigration,
just to name a few. I appreciate the sound advice I receive from seniors
around the Third District and want to thank the seniors,
administration, and staff at Hillside for visiting with me.
Meeting with the Olathe
Chamber of Commerce
I appreciated the opportunity to
sit down and hear from the Olathe Chamber of Commerce last week about
their priorities. We discussed recent bipartisan VA reforms, the
federal deficit, tax reform, our foreign policy agenda, and the Ebola
situation.
Visiting Olathe Health System's new Hospice House
Last
week I toured the
Olathe Health
System's new Hospice House.
They will be opening their doors soon
to families and caregivers in our community. We are thankful to have
such a wonderful facility in the 3rd District.
Royals World Series
Game 6
Our Kansas City
Royals are seeking to even up the World Series tomorrow, at home in
Kauffman Stadium, game 6. Show your Kansas City Pride and support them
as they #TakeTheCrown.
@ RepKevinYoder
Do you use Instagram?
Share
your KC Royals #TakeTheCrown photos with me on my instagram
page.
The Hill: Angst grows over Obamas plans for action on
immigration
President Obama
cannot go around Congress to issue blanket amnesty. I would oppose any
attempt to do so. We need real solutions to our nation's immigration
problem, not more spending on millions of documents to be handed out to
those who came to our country illegally.
"Angst over President Obama's post-election plans
on immigration is growing amid revelations that the Citizenship and
Immigration Service (USCIS) has issued a procurement request for as
many as 34 million work permits and green cards.
The solicitation, discovered by Breitbart
News, says bidders must be able to produce at least 4 million cards
annually over a five year contract and surge to provide as many as 9
million documents in the early years of the contract.
That would far exceed current levels
at which both documents are issued by the federal government,
prompting Republicans to speculate the Obama administration is readying a
sprawling executive order that could offer legal status to millions of
illegal immigrants."
Read more at The Hill's
website.
Upcoming Community Office Hours
My staff can assist you from 8:00 a.m. - 5:00 p.m., Monday
through Friday in my Overland Park office. They can help with any
issues or concerns, as well as to provide assistance with federal agencies
and programs including, Veterans' Affairs, Medicare, Social Security,
Passports, and Visas.
My staff
also holds Community Office Hours throughout the district.
If you are unable to visit my office, please
consider coming to the following location if it is more convenient for
you:
Thursday, November
13, 2014
Louisburg Library
206 South Broadway
Street
Louisburg, Kansas 66053
Noon
1:30 p.m.
If you can't get an answer from a federal
agency in a timely fashion, or if you feel you have been treated
unfairly, my office may be able to help resolve a problem or get you the
information you need. While we cannot guarantee you a favorable outcome, we
will do our best to help you receive a fair and timely response to
your problem.
Please visit my website here to find out more information
about help with any Federal Government Agency.
Visiting Olathe East High School
I gave a civics pop
quiz to students at Olathe East High School last week. I appreciated
hearing from these bright students about their ideas on issues facing
our country.
Tell a Friend
E-mail:
E-mail:
E-mail:
Please click below to follow
me on Twitter, Facebook, and YouTube.
Washington, DC
215
Cannon HOB
Washington, DC 20515
Phone: (202) 225-2865
Hours:
Monday-Friday
9:00AM -6:00PM EST
Overland Park
7325 W. 79th St.
Overland Park, KS
66204
Phone: (913) 621-0832
Fax: (913) 621-1533
Hours:
Monday-Friday
8:00AM -5:00PM CST
Unsubscribe
|
Update My Profile
|
Privacy Policy
gateway mail end
