
OCT
3
News From Senator Ayotte's Office
Dear Friends,
Yesterday in Manchester, I was glad to join members of New Hampshire's manufacturing industry at the 12 th
Annual Governors Advanced Manufacturing Summit -- part of New Hampshire Manufacturing Week. I appreciated the opportunity to update Granite Staters on my efforts to boost manufacturing - including bipartisan legislation I recently introduced to strengthen the manufacturing workforce and address regional skills challenges.
The Manufacturing Skills Act, which I introduced with Senator Chris Coons (D-DE), would help give states and local leaders the resources and flexibility they need to implement workforce training programs that fit their unique needs. Our state's high-tech manufacturing sector is a bright spot in our economy and a source of good-paying, sustainable jobs, and I'll continue my efforts to advance this common sense legislation. Click
here
to read more.
On Monday, I visited Raytheon's facility in Andover, Massachusetts, which employs over 1,100 residents from New Hampshire. It was exciting to see the tremendous work that the employees at Raytheon are doing in support of our troops and our national security.
Raytheon's employees do a great job providing the most advanced and effective weapons and systems to the United States military.
This evening, I was in Concord for the New Hampshire Congressional Law Enforcement Awards ceremony, which honors public safety officers who have put their lives on the line to keep us safe.
I join all Granite Staters in thanking these courageous individuals for their dedicated and outstanding service.
Please read on for photos from this week and additional news, including a positive step in the effort to combat drug-trafficking in our state.
Ayotte Protests Regulations that Hurt New Hampshire's Recreational Fishermen
Continuing her efforts to protect small boat fishermen in New Hampshire, Senator Ayotte called on the National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration (NOAA) this week to reconsider regulations shortening the recreational fishing season.
In April, NOAA announced a final rule that reduces the 2014 fishing season for recreational cod and haddock fishermen in the Gulf of Maine. The rule extends the closed fishing season for cod by two months and haddock by four months. It also institutes a catch limit for haddock of three fish per day - instead of the previous unlimited bagging amount.
"Recreational fishing plays an important role in New Hampshire's tourism industry and economy. Fishing is an iconic pastime that has been enjoyed in many New Hampshire families for generations," Ayotte wrote. "Small business recreational saltwater fishing charter companies are of particular importance to our state's local seacoast economy. According to 2011 Census data, saltwater anglers spent more than $91 million in New Hampshire."
Read the letter.
Ayotte Honored by UNH Alums at Washington Center Gala
Left - right: Dana Hanf, UNH President Mark Huddleston, Senator Ayotte, and Taylor Reidy.
At a reception Monday evening in Washington, D.C., Senator Ayotte was honored by The Washington Center for Internships and Academic Seminars for her commitment to public service, and her support for strengthening and increasing access to internship programs. The Washington Center (TWC) also announced it is establishing a scholarship program in Senator Ayotte's name that will provide financial support to women students who are interested in politics and public policy and who are participating in a TWC internship program.
Mark Huddleston, president of the University of New Hampshire, UNH alumni Jackson Toof and Taylor Reidy, as well as current student Dana Hanf, were on hand to help present Ayotte with The Washington Center's Pillar Award for Professional Achievement. Reidy, a Concord native, previously completed an internship in Senator Ayotte's office as part of The Washington Center program, and now works in the Senator's Capitol Hill office.
Read more.
Ayottes Urges Swift Release of LIHEAP Funds
In an effort to help New Hampshire low-income families and seniors on fixed incomes afford their home heating bills this coming winter, Senator Ayotte joined a bipartisan group of Senators in calling on the U.S. Department of Health and Human Services (HHS) to quickly release as much federal heating aid as possible.
In a bipartisan letter to HHS Secretary Sylvia Burwell, the Senators urged the department to release Low Income Home Energy Assistance Program (LIHEAP) funds without delay and at as high a level as possible. Earlier this year, Ayotte urged Senate appropriators to fund LIHEAP at a level no less than $4.7 billion in Fiscal Year 2015 to provide sufficient program funding to help low-income families and seniors.
Read the letter.
CDC Report Shows Rise in Heroin Deaths in New Hampshire
Senator Ayotte released the following statement this week regarding the release of a
report
by the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention (CDC) that shows New Hampshire was one of 28 states that saw a significant increase in heroin-related deaths between 2010 and 2012. Ayotte recently helped introduce bipartisan
legislation
- The Comprehensive Addiction and Recovery Act - that would provide a series of incentives and resources designed to encourage states and local communities to implement proven strategies to combat addiction.
"I recently had the opportunity to witness first-hand what New Hampshire's first responders are experiencing on the front lines of the heroin crisis, and today's report further underscores the challenges our state is facing in reversing this deadly trend," said Senator Ayotte. "We need to ensure that first responders, law enforcement, and health care and treatment providers in New Hampshire have the tools they need to save lives. Based on their input, I recently helped introduce bipartisan legislation that would increase drug abuse prevention efforts, improve treatment for those struggling with addiction, ensure law enforcement has greater access to tools to fight drug abuse, and develop best practices for treatment, intervention, and pain management nationwide."
Read more.
Also this week, Senator Ayotte welcomed the Office of National Drug Control Policy's (ONDCP)
announcement
that Rockingham County has successfully petitioned to be included as part of the New England High Intensity Drug Trafficking Area (HIDTA). The HIDTA program, which allocates federal resources to improve drug control efforts among federal, state and local law enforcement officials, is a critical tool to help disrupt drug-trafficking operations in New England and across the country. In June, Senator Ayotte wrote to Michael Botticelli, Acting Director of the ONDCP, expressing her strong support for Rockingham County to receive the HIDTA designation. Rockingham joins Hillsborough County, which is already part of the New England HIDTA.
Read more.
Ayotte Calls for Homeland Security Committee Hearing on Security Failures Involving Secret Service
In response to multiple reports of security breaches involving the U.S. Secret Service, Senator Ayotte has called for the Senate Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs Committee (HSGAC) to investigate the circumstances surrounding these failures - including a September 19 incident in which an individual armed with a knife was able to jump the White House fence, evade Secret Service agents, and enter the building. In a letter to HSGAC Chairman Tom Carper and Ranking Member Tom Coburn, Ayotte, who serves on the Committee, requested a hearing be held as soon as possible to examine the circumstances surrounding these incidents.
Read the letter.
Photos of the Week
Senator Ayotte and Zenagui Brahim, President of the New Hampshire Manufacturing Extension Partnership, at the Governor's Advanced Manfacturing and High Technology Summit in Manchester on Thursday.
Senator Ayotte and Mayor Ted Gatsas met with leadership and employees at RSCC Aerospace and Defense in Manchester.
Senator Ayotte and Mayor Gatsas stopped for lunch at Maggie's Restaurant on Elm Street in Manchester.
Congratulations to owners Robbie Young and Mark Davison, who opened Maggie's in July!
CLICK
HERE TO SHARE THIS NEWSLETTER
Warm Regards,
Kelly Ayotte
United States Senator
Email Kelly
Manchester Office
1200 Elm Street, Suite 2
Manchester, NH 03101 Phone:
603-622-7979
Nashua Office
144 Main Street
Nashua, NH 03060 Phone:
603-880-3335
North Country Office 19 Pleasant Street, Suite 13B
Berlin, NH 03570 Phone:
603-752-7702 Fax:
603-752-7704
Portsmouth Office
14 Manchester Square, Ste 140
Portsmouth, NH 03801 Phone:
603-436-7161
Washington, DC
144 Russell Senate Office Building
Washington, DC 20510
Phone:
202-224-3324
Email Kelly
|
ayotte.senate.gov
|
Unsubscribe
