
October 19, 2014
Dear Friends,
As we approach the halfway point of the football season, I am proud of how our hometown San Francisco 49ers have been performing on the field. Our fourth consecutive trip to the playoffs is just on the horizon. While we&rsquo;ll certainly miss all those memories in Candlestick Park, we&rsquo;ve already been making new memories in Levi&rsquo;s Stadium.
If you or anyone you know needs help, the free, 24/7 National Domestic Violence Hotline is available at
1-800-799-7233 or TTY 1-800-787-3224.
Along with our transition on the field, we need to see changes off the field. A series of high-profile domestic violence cases, including one case involving Defensive End Ray McDonald, have shown that the NFL needs a new playbook for the way they deal with these crimes. October is Domestic Violence Awareness Month, and I hope they will take this opportunity to raise awareness and use action on this issue that affects far too many Americans.
The video of Baltimore Ravens Running Back Ray Rice striking his fianc&eacute;e truly affected me. It did not show us anything new about his case, but it illustrated the brutality of domestic violence. Since Ray Rice&rsquo;s punishment, the domestic violence cases of Minnesota Vikings Adrian Peterson, Carolina Panthers Greg Hardy, Arizona Cardinals Jonathan Dwyer, and 49er Ray McDonald have shown a bright light on how these teams respond to these crimes. McDonald was arrested for domestic violence days after the NFL
announced new punishments for the offense. His fianc&eacute;e, who was 10 weeks pregnant, showed police bruises on her neck and arms. Despite an ongoing investigation into allegations of domestic violence, the 49ers continue to play him each week. This is unacceptable. As an avid 49ers fan, I expect more from my team. I demanded they immediately suspend McDonald with pay until the investigation and legal process plays out, and make this policy standard when dealing with domestic violence allegations.
Each minute, 24 Americans are victims of physical violence by an intimate partner. Each year, domestic violence causes more injuries to women than auto accidents, rapes, and muggings combined. What is even more frightening about these statistics is that they show progress &ndash; domestic violence has actually decreased by 67 percent since 1994.
After working on this issue for decades, starting with my work in the state legislature, I have seen these improvements firsthand. These statistics show we can and must do better. Last month I
sent letters to the NFL and five NFL teams, including the 49ers , urging them to change their policies and bench players arrested for domestic violence until their legal proceedings end. This change would show millions of football fans that there is no place for domestic violence &ndash; especially in a league that provides role models for children. Many players are themselves survivors of abuse, and the league should take an active role in ending the cycles of violence that plague generations in a family.
During commercial breaks, you&rsquo;ll see ads for the
No More Campaign . This campaign against sexual assault and domestic violence is one part of a broader effort to change our culture across all institutions, including
in our military
and
on our college campuses . This campaign is progress but it is not enough. I will continue to champion legislative efforts to protect women, including the Violence Against Women Act (VAWA), which celebrated its 20th anniversary this year.
I proudly voted to renew VAWA in 2013 , which provides funding for providers like the San Mateo-based agency Community Overcoming Relationship Abuse (CORA) where more than 10,000 victims of abuse are helped each year.
The NFL can&rsquo;t keep punting on this issue &ndash; they have to do more to promote a league and a society free of violence. As Congress comes back from the District Work Period, I hope that we will investigate the NFL&rsquo;s treatment of domestic violence, human growth hormone, concussions, and its tax exempt status. While I root for the 49ers, I believe we deserve sports teams that exemplify the best in our society. Our Niners can lead the way, starting a new football culture that promotes the safety of our players and families, on and off the field.
If you or anyone you know needs help, the free, 24/7 National Domestic Violence Hotline is available at 1-800-799-7233 or TTY 1-800-787-3224.
All the best,
Unsubscribe
Washington D.C. Office
211 Cannon House Office Building
Washington, DC 20515
Phone: (202) 225-3531
Fax: (202) 226-4183
San Mateo Office
155 Bovet Road, Suite 780
San Mateo, CA 94402
Phone: (650) 342-0300
Fax: (650) 375-8270
Click Here
to be removed from this list
