
David -- President Obama has a question for you:
Stand with President Obama and say you&rsquo;re in for 2014!
Can you believe it&rsquo;s October already?! That means early voting has already started in most states, and Election Day is just around the corner.
Thanks to your support, we&rsquo;re in the middle of an unprecedented voter turnout operation. Your donations have allowed us to:
Register
more voters than ever before (6O,OOO and counting!)
Reach
voters that might sit out this election (we&rsquo;ve already knocked on over 2 million doors!)
Call out
Republicans&rsquo; shameful record... like blocking the
Violence Against Women Act &hellip; or giving billionaires like the Koch brothers more tax cuts
But now, it&rsquo;s crunch time: this election will be decided by the people who show up at the ballot box. It&rsquo;s pretty simple: if Democrats vote, then Democrats win.
David, can we count on you to volunteer in this election?
We truly appreciate all that you have given already. Your hard work allowed us to get where we are today.
But with polls showing the race for Congress TIED, we have to throw everything we have at this. That means we need you to vote. But not only that&hellip;.
We need you to get your friends and family out to the polls
We need you to email and tweet and Facebook your friends about the stakes of this election
We need you to knock on some doors
We need you to call voters and remind them about Election Day
There&rsquo;s so much to do -- and not much time. Whether you can take 1 action, or 100 actions, we need you to be a part of this.
So answer President Obama&rsquo;s call to action and say you&rsquo;re in! https://action.dccc.org/im-in
Let&rsquo;s do this!
DCCC
Paid for by the Democratic Congressional Campaign Committee | 430 South Capitol Street SE, Washington, DC 20003 |
(202) 863-1500
| www.dccc.org | Not authorized by any candidate or candidate's committee.
This message was sent to:
dj724530@gmail.com
| If you'd like to sign up for emails in a different account, click
here .
We believe that emails are a crucial way for our campaign to stay in touch with supporters. However, if you'd rather not receive emails about this particular campaign, click
here . If you'd just like to receive fewer emails, you can click
here .
Our campaign to defeat Tea Party Republicans is powered by supporters like you. 99% of our contributions come from grassroots donations, with an average gift of $22. If you'd like to unsubscribe from DCCC emails, click
here . If you'd like to make an online donation, click
here . Thanks for your support of Democrats!
