
If you are having
trouble viewing this message or would like to share it on a social
network, you can
view the
message online .
HOME
ABOUT ME
CONTACT
ME
SERVING YOU
MEDIA CENTER
OUR DISTRICT
RESOURCES
October 14, 2014
Containing the Ebola Epidemic
Last
week I joined with my colleagues in sending a letter to President
Obama urging decisive action to protect our citizens from a potential
domestic outbreak of Ebola. Ebola poses a clear threat to our citizens,
and I believe our government must take aggressive action to combat and
prevent its spread in the United States. I urge President Obama to
direct his administration to institute travel restrictions from regions
that are experiencing the epidemic, as well as implement enhanced
airport screening and possible quarantine of individuals who have traveled
to, or from, the regions that have been most impacted by this
epidemic.
According to the Centers for Disease Control and
Prevention (CDC) individuals who have been exposed to Ebola likely will
show signs of the disease within 21 days of exposure, but not
necessarily before then.
Given the deadly nature of this disease, I
believe it is appropriate that this administration direct the CDC, in
coordination with the Department of Homeland Security, to order our customs
and border agents to begin more active screening of travelers to and
from affected countries in West Africa, as well as prepare for possible
quarantine for any individual who has traveled to or from affected
countries within the dormancy period.
In addition, I believe that
it is appropriate for the Department of State to suspend
earlier-issued visas until further notice from countries that are experiencing this
crisis.
It is my understanding that 27 African countries
already have taken such action to protect their own citizens.
...
Read the full version here.
Student Debt And
The Millennial Entrepreneurship Paradox
The millennial generation is living in what one could call a
paradox as it relates to entrepreneurship. On one hand, the millennials
could be the new great generation. They are the most educated cohort in
the history of the United States, they have broad exposure to
entrepreneurship in higher education, and popular culture is filled with
stories of their entrepreneurial successes, from the kids just getting
started to millennial uber-entrepreneurs like Facebooks Mark Zuckerberg.
On the other hand, millennials could be the new lost generation. They
are heavily saddled with student debt, weak career prospects, and for
all this expanded entrepreneurship exposure, most measures of
entrepreneurship among younger workers are stagnant to falling.
Read
more at Forbes.com
Health Resources and Services
Administration Response to my Letter on Organ Transplant
Last month I led a letter to the Department of Health
and Human Services (HHS), Health Resources and Services Administration
regarding the Organ Procurement and Transplant Network and the United
Network for Organ Sharing (UNOS) who manage organs for transplants in
the U.S.
After considering a plan which would have
diminished the availability of organs for transplantation in various
locations including Kansas, UNOS decided to study further before making
a final determination on organ distribution. This delay is a major
victory for those concerned about preserving these lifesaving procedures
in our region.
Last week, I received a response letter from
the Department of Health and Human Services, which doesnt directly
address our concerns.
Click here or on the image
of the letter below to read their response.
Im disappointed
that HHS, in conjunction with the other organizations who manage the
organ transplant network, have missed the central point of this
discussion:
the solution involves more donations not
redistribution.
I am committed to working towards that goal with my colleagues
in Congress.
Read more
here.
I continue to encourage other regions to adopt grassroots
donor education programs, like one promoted by Overland Park-based Gift of
Life, which has reached more than 200,000 people in the Kansas City
area by sending speakers to 90 area high schools. After learning of
their options, over 70 percent of the students reached say they want to
become donors. It is by replicating programs like Gift of Life we will
address donor shortages.
Visiting El Centro and
Reading to Head Start Student
As part of
National Head Start Awareness month, I enjoyed reading to a classroom of 3
year old students last week at the The Academy for Children at El Centro
in Kansas City, KS. This past month marked the 50th anniversary of
Head Start-- their motto for this special occasion is "50 Years of
Opportunity." I firmly believe that all children in America should be given
the opportunity to achieve the American Dream. Educating our children
at an early age is essential to ensure success later. Thank you to El
Centro for having me!
Visiting Happy Bottoms
Thank you to
Liz Sutherlin and her gracious staff for showing me around the
HappyBottoms.org
warehouse in Lenexa
last week. As the area's largest diaper bank, HappyBottoms will have
distributed over 1.2 million diapers by the end of the year to families in
need. In fact, they have reached over 1800 babies just this month. As
a parent of an infant, I understand the importance of this effort and
want to thank HappyBottoms for all they do for babies and families in
Kansas City.
Visiting Mosaic in KCK
Thank you to Mary Hindle and Lana Smith for inviting me to tour
Mosaic in northeast Kansas in Kansas City, KS.
Mosaic
partners with people with intellectual disabilities to give them a
voice, provide a safe home in a caring community and expand opportunities
for a meaningful life. I appreciated seeing firsthand the amazing work
taking place there.
Fact of the
Week: Breast Cancer Awareness Month
October is Breast Cancer Awareness Month. We must do all we
can to eradicate this disease with the hope of ridding the world of
all types of cancer one day. Here are some pieces of legislation which
I have cosponsored as a step toward that goal:
H.R.1830, Accelerating
the End of Breast Cancer Act of 2013
H.R.1697, Mobile
Mammography Promotion Act of 2013
H.R.3680, Breast Cancer Awareness
Commemorative Coin Act
H.R.1416, Cancer Patient Protection Act of
2013
Let's Go Royals
The Royals face
the Orioles tonight in game 3 of the American League Championship
Series at Kauffman Stadium. Good luck to them!
#TakeTheCrown
Taiwan National Day
This past Friday, 10/10/2014, was
Taiwan National Day.
The symbol
above representing this celebration is a combination of two of the
characters for the number 10.
Medicare Open Enrollment Events
I am
hosting two
Medicare Open
Enrollment Assistance
events to provide help to seniors during
the upcoming
Medicare Open Enrollment Period from October 15
through December 7.
Attendees will have the opportunity for
face-to-face assistance from knowledgeable benefits counselors from the
Senior Health Insurance
Counseling for Kansas (SHICK)
program.
The first event will be held on
Wednesday,
October 22 from 9:00 a.m. to 3:00 p.m. in the Community Room at the
Wyandotte County Aging and Disability Resource Center in Kansas City,
Kansas.
The subsequent event will be on
Thursday,
November 6 from 9:00 a.m. to 3:00 p.m. at Sylvester Powell Community
Center in Mission,
Kansas.
The events are free and open to
everyone.
Medicare beneficiaries who wish to make changes or
enroll for the first time need to bring their Medicare card, any
current prescriptions (including dosage and frequency), and a list of
preferred pharmacies.
For additional
information, please contact my
District Office
in Overland Park at (913) 621-0832 or
here
for more information on Medicare
Enrollment.
Each year there are new health plan and prescription drug coverage
choices to consider and it is our goal to make this decision process
as easy as we can for you. For more information on the upcoming
Medicare Open Enrollment event, visit my
website .
Upcoming Community Office Hours
My staff can assist you from
8:00 a.m. - 5:00
p.m., Monday through Friday
in my
Overland Park office . They can help with any
issues or concerns, as well as to
provide assistance with
federal agencies and programs including, Veterans' Affairs, Medicare,
Social Security, Passports, and Visas.
My staff
also holds
Community Office Hours
throughout the
district. If you are unable to visit my office, please consider coming to
the following location if it is more convenient for you:
Thursday, November 13, 2014
Louisburg
Library
206 South Broadway
Street
Louisburg,
Kansas 66053
Noon
1:30 p.m.
Tell a Friend
E-mail:
E-mail:
E-mail:
Please click
below to follow me on Twitter, Facebook, and YouTube.
Washington,
DC
215 Cannon HOB
Washington, DC 20515
Phone: (202)
225-2865
Hours: Monday-Friday
9:00AM -6:00PM EST
Overland Park
7325 W. 79th
St.
Overland Park, KS 66204
Phone: (913) 621-0832
Fax: (913)
621-1533
Hours: Monday-Friday
8:00AM -5:00PM CST
Unsubscribe
|
Update My
Profile
|
Privacy Policy
