
Protecting the American People from Ebola
Yesterday, I wrote to the Obama Administration that I believe the U.S. should tighten travel restrictions from Ebola-affected regions to limit the incidental exposure of Americans to the disease.
In the letter to Health and Human Services Secretary Sylvia Mathews Burwell, I also asked for clarification as to why a travel ban would not be appropriate.
You can read my letter
here .
Helping Farmers and Fighting for Pennsylvania Jobs
On Tuesday at the Farm Show Complex in Harrisburg, I sat down with
family farmers
and local officials to hear firsthand how a burdensome potential EPA rule will harm Pennsylvania's agriculture industry and municipalities.
The EPA is seeking to redefine interstate waters, intrastate navigable waters, and their tributaries. If this definition is adopted, there will be no logical limit to the EPA's regulatory jurisdiction. Virtually all outdoor water, even ditches and puddles, could be subject to EPA overview.
I appreciate U.S. Representative Scott Perry (R-Pa.) and Pennsylvania Secretary of Agriculture George Greig for co-hosting this event with me.
It was also great to hear from representatives of Pennsylvania Farm Bureau, PennAg, the County Commissioners Association of Pennsylvania, the Pennsylvania State Association of Township Supervisors, and the Pennsylvania State Association of Boroughs.
Protecting Kids In The Classroom
This week,
the Pennsylvania General Assembly passed a bill
to protect children from child predators in the classroom. Introduced by state Sen. Anthony Hardy Williams and state Rep. David Maloney, this bipartisan bill bans the outrageous practice of "passing the trash" - that is, allowing a teacher who has abused a child to resign quietly and get a new teaching job in another school district.
I am proud to stand with the PA General Assembly in fighting to protect our children. This bill is a step in the right direction at the state level. My bill at the federal level, Protecting Students from Sexual and Violent Predators Act, provides a much needed complement to the state legislation.
My bipartisan bill was passed unanimously by the U.S. House of Representatives. It is past time for the U.S. Senate to follow the example set by the PA General Assembly and pass my legislation this fall.
Standing Up Against Alzheimer's
On Thursday, I had the opportunity to speak at the Phoebe Institute on Aging Fall Conference at DeSales University in the Lehigh Valley. The Phoebe Institute explores what it means to have Alzheimer's and other dementia-related diseases, and what it means for caretakers.
This is a personal issue for me, as my father was diagnosed with Alzheimer's last year and my grandmother died from the disease. I am committed to advancing our research efforts and helping to find a cure for this debilitating disease.
Working together, I am confident we can defeat it. Read more about my efforts
here .
Taking Steps To Defeat Breast Cancer
October is Breast Cancer Awareness Month, and tomorrow, my wife, Kris, is running the 22 nd
Women's 5K Classic in Allentown. I am so proud to see her taking action and encouraging her friends to follow her lead.
You can still sign up for the race at St. Luke's West End Medical Center, 501 Cetronia Road, Allentown, from 3-7pm today! You can also read Kris' piece in the
Allentown Morning Call
to learn more about what you can do to help prevent breast cancer. (Photo: Donna Fisher, Morning Call)
ALLENTOWN, PA
PH: (610) 434-1444
ERIE, PA
PH: (814) 453-3010
HARRISBURG, PA
PH: (717) 782-3951
JOHNSTOWN, PA
PH: (814) 266-5970
PHILADELPHIA, PA
PH: (215) 241-1090
PITTSBURGH, PA
PH: (412) 803-3501
SCRANTON, PA
PH: (570) 941-3540
WASHINGTON, D.C.
PH: (202) 224-4254
UNSUBSCRIBE
