
Can't see the pictures? Select "Always display images" or
view this message in your browser .
October 9, 2014
More than four walls and a roof
Stable and affordable housing is a fundamental component to a successful and fulfilling life. Stable housing offers opportunities for hardworking Coloradans to maintain a job, provide for their family, and have a place they can call home. Ensuring an adequate supply of affordable housing ensures every individual the opportunity to succeed.
Need to update your voter information?
Anytime you change addresses, you need to update your voter registration. Updating your records only takes a few minutes and you can do it from the comfort of your own home.
Our right to vote as American citizens is sacred and I want to ensure all Coloradoans' voices are heard.
Click here to register to vote or update your voter information .
This week, the Colorado Chapter of the National Association of Housing and Redevelopment Officials (NAHRO) named me &ldquo;Legislator of the Year.&rdquo; I am honored to be recognized by NAHRO, but we have a long way to go to secure Colorado&rsquo;s affordable housing needs.
Right now, there is huge demand for affordable housing. We have our work cut out for us, but we are making progress, such as the "Sustainable Community Initiative" grant to develop metro Denver region&rsquo;s long-range plan for growth and development. This plan ensures families have affordable housing along transportation lines such as the FasTracks West Line and North Line. Additionally, I&rsquo;ve advocated for Community Development Block Grants (CDBG) and Self-Sufficiency Programs to help constituents succeed on their own. I believe these types of programs are crucial to strengthening the middle class. I look forward to continuing to advocate for programs to help Coloradans find housing solutions and give everyone the opportunity to succeed.
Marriage equality comes to Colorado
25 states and the District of Columbia now have marriage equality. The Supreme Court&rsquo;s decision could quickly expand same-sex marriage to at least 30 states.
On Monday, the U.S. Supreme Court denied appeals to challenges overturning bans on same-sex marriage. This action currently affects six states, including Colorado, where federal appeals courts have ruled same-sex marriage bans unconstitutional. More than half of Americans now live in a state with marriage equality.
This is a significant victory for marriage equality.
County clerks across the state have already begun issuing marriage licenses to same-sex couples, providing the opportunity for all people in Colorado the freedom to marry the person they love.
Lakewood company announces huge contribution to energy industry
On Tuesday, I participated in the ribbon cutting of a new cutting-edge energy company based in Lakewood. Pioneer Energy is a startup focused on capturing gas flaring from oil wells and compressing it into a stream so it can actually be used. Currently, such gas is wasted.
I support a responsible, comprehensive "all-of-the-above" approach to secure our energy independence and transform the way we power our nation. Promoting energy independence will unleash American technological innovation, research and development, create jobs and strengthen our national security. Pioneer Energy is an exciting business, poised to make real contributions in Colorado by increasing extraction efficiency and creating jobs.
Innovative solar energy program comes to Arvada, other parts of Colorado
On Thursday, I joined Lennar - one of the nation&rsquo;s largest homebuilders - to celebrate the expansion of its innovative solar energy program to Colorado homebuyers.
With approximately 100 communities in development, Lennar&rsquo;s unique Solar 20/20 Plan&trade; includes state-of-the-art solar systems on new homes as a standard feature that adds nothing to the price of the home. Homeowners can purchase the power produced on their rooftops at a guaranteed 20% discount to prevailing electricity rates for 20 years.
The groundbreaking program is expanding to Colorado with initial communities in Arvada, Golden, Frederick and Castle Rock, and is a critical step in making renewable energy more affordable.
With 300 days of sunshine every year, Colorado is naturally suited for the widespread adoption of solar energy. This project serves as a model for Colorado and the rest of the country by demonstrating sustainable, quality homes can be built in a way that is beneficial to the planet &ndash; and the homeowner&rsquo;s wallet. This is just one of many steps to building a clean energy future based on renewable energy sources and working to advance American research, technology and innovation.
Connect With Me
Facebook
Twitter
YouTube
Congressman Ed Perlmutter
Unsubscribe
Washington DC Office
1410 Longworth House Office
Building
Washington, DC 20515
Phone: 202.225.2645
Fax: 202.225.5278
District Office
12600 West Colfax Avenue, Suite
B-400
Lakewood, CO 80215
Phone: 303.274.7944
Fax: 303.274.6455
Please do not reply to this email.
To contact me, please
click here
and let me know your thoughts on how I can better represent your beliefs and values in our nation's Capitol.
