
If
you are having trouble viewing this message or would like to share it
on a social network, you can
view the message online .
Home
Biography
News
Issues &amp; Legislation
Constituent Services
The District
Contact
Us
October 24, 2014
In This Week's Edition of E-News
...
Latest Ebola Case in
NYC
New Commissary and Post Exchange Now Open for
SWPA Military Families
School Violence, White House Incidents Renew Calls for Murphy Mental
Health Bill
Bethel Park
Vietnam Vet Receives Purple Heart
Pathway
to 21 st
Century Cures
Murphy
Named Friend of the Farmer
West Allegheny Elementary Students Achieve Top
National Honor
Latest Ebola Case in
NYC
As a newly diagnosed
Ebola case was announced in New York City Thursday evening, Congressman
Murphy restated his call for the Administration to adopt the highest
perimeter of public health protection for the American public by
implementing a mandatory 21-day quarantine for all medical personnel returning
from West Africa.
I commend the dedication of all the
medical professionals who put their lives at risk to volunteer on
missions around the globe, but I restate my recommendation to the CDC and
the President, which I made at the conclusion of my Oversight hearing
last week: We must take every necessary precaution to prevent the
spread of Ebola virus here in the United States and not only have travel
restrictions but also implement a mandatory 21-day quarantine period for
returning healthcare workers who have had direct exposure to
patients, said Murphy whose ongoing effort to protect US public health was
highlighted in
The Hill
newspaper.
The Ebola virus can be suppressed in an individual for three
weeks before symptoms appear.
A mandatory 21-day quarantine
was one of
nine key next steps
Murphy urged the
President to take in a
letter
sent immediately
at the conclusion of last Thursdays Energy and Commerce Committee
hearing. The actions included, among others, travel restrictions;
identifying and designating specific medical centers equipped and trained to
treat potential Ebola patients; stepped up training and protection for
healthcare workers; accelerated review and approval by the Food and
Drug Administration of promising vaccines, treatments, and diagnostic
tests for the Ebola virus. Several of Murphys recommendations have
been adopted by the White House.
These recommendations set
a strong perimeter of defense to protect public health here in the
United States while allowing for infectious-disease experts to gain a
better understanding of this virus, wrote Murphy in an column titled
Candor Is Missing in Ebola Debate, which was published by the
Pittsburgh Post-Gazette
yesterday.
As we learn more, we can adjust these policies. But lets start from
the strongest line of defense and work our way down, not begin with
the weakest line of public-health protections and scramble our way
up.
The latest U.S. Ebola case involves Craig Spencer, an
American doctor returning to New York after treating Ebola patients in
Guinea. According to the New York City Health Commissioner, Dr. Spencer
returned to the U.S. on October 17 th
but did not exhibit
Ebola-like symptoms until Thursday morning. In the intervening six days,
Dr. Spencer did not self-quarantine and engaged in everyday life,
even riding on the New York City Subway and going to a bowling alley. The
CDC does not require any self-segregation or quarantine for
healthcare workers or soldiers returning from Africa.
Murphy
told KDKAs Mike Pintek that we must treat the federal response to
the Ebola with utmost candor and seriousness because there has been so
little experience treating the virus. CDC officials cannot allow
hubris and arrogance to take over.
Today, Chairman Murphy
appeared on Fox Business News The Willis Report. In the interview,
Congressman Murphy renewed his calls on the President to immediately
implement additional preventative measures to protect American
citizens.
We can only achieve this monumental task if we start
being honest about the challenges and stop with the platitudes and
statements that Americans arent buying. When our starting point is a strong
perimeter of defense to protect public health, we reduce both panic
and risk and allow our greatest efforts to be focused on
solutions.
To share your thoughts on how the U.S. should respond to
the Ebola crisis, please
click
here .
New Commissary and Post Exchange
Now Open for SWPA Military
Families
Rep. Murphy with Col. Matt Lissner
(left), and Douglas and Shannon Harsh (Oakdale) and their three
children: Haley, Gracie and
Jacob.
The regions military retirees,
active duty families, guardsmen and reservists have reason to
celebrate. On Tuesday, Congressman Murphy was honored to lead the grand opening
of the new Post Exchange (PX) and commissary in Moon Township, which
ensures the 168,000 eligible military families in Southwestern
Pennsylvania will continue getting affordable groceries and
goods.
Our local military families, who sacrifice so much for us, have
earned this benefit. I couldnt be more thrilled and honored to be part
of this extraordinary day and show them just how much they mean to
us, said Rep. Murphy, who steered congressional efforts to secure
approval and funding needed to build the new facilities.
Back
in 2005, the Defense Base Closure and Realignment Commission (BRAC) put
the former Charles E. Kelly Support Facility in Oakdale on a list for
closure, which meant that eligible military personnel and retirees in
Southwestern Pennsylvania would lose access to the commissary, Post
Exchange, and military clothing sales store they had come to rely
on.
Taking quick action, Murphy spearheaded the successful
efforts requiring BRAC to temporarily keep the CE Kelly commissary and
Post Exchange open while a final decision on replacement facilities
could be made. Murphy then worked to overcome the many bureaucratic
hurdles and secured the funding needed to build a new replacement commissary
and Post Exchange out near the Pittsburgh International
Airport.
Rep. Murphy told
WESA-fm
how local
leaders joined his efforts and worked together to keep the project on
track without cost overruns. Coordinating site-development
responsibilities with the Pentagon and the local redevelopment authority, local
military leaders noted that without Murphys hands-on efforts, the
commissary and post exchange would have moved to Eastern Pennsylvania or even
out of state to Ohio.
Commissaries provide access to
discounted groceries to military personnel, retirees, and their families.
Authorized patrons can purchase items at cost plus a five percent
surcharge (to cover the expenses of operating, modernizing, and building
commissaries). Families save an average of more than thirty percent on
purchases compared to commercial prices, which can amount to thousands
of dollars saved annually for our service members. The Post Exchange
is like a military department store. The facility sells military
clothing and also contains a two-chair barber shop and walk-in
cooler.
To share your thoughts on the Commissary and Post
Exchange opening, please
click
here .
School
Violence, White House Incidents Renew Calls for Murphy Mental Health
Bill
A student
attack at a high school outside Seattle, Washington, placed a renewed
focus on the need to address the root cause of these incidents: a
troubled child.
On Friday, Congressman Tim Murphy, a clinical
psychologist, offered his insight as a mental health professional and
legislator about what should be done at the federal level to ensure
children with behavioral and mental health disorders receive early
intervention and the best treatment options.
While we dont
know all of the details at this point, what we do know is that these
incidents so often involve a child in distress and mental health crisis,
said Rep. Murphy. We know if we identify kids, get to them
early, help them with medication and counseling, it can make a world of
difference. But there is a severe shortage of outpatient and inpatient
treatment options for these children, which is why we need to pass the
Helping Families in Mental Health Crisis Act.
Meanwhile,
for the third time in little over a month, an individual experiencing
a mental illness was compelled by his delusions to jump the fence at
the White House in order to speak directly with the President. Security
at the White House was adjusted following the first two incidents,
but this third jumper makes clear the need to address the underlying
problem: an individual with untreated mental illness.
On
CSPAN Thursday morning , the former chief of
security for the US, Senate Terrance Gainer, called mental illness the
elephant in the room, saying I dont think many people realize that
agencies like the Secret Service probably are one of the most adept at
dealing with people who are either off their medication or should be on
medication or otherwise in need of mental assistanceThats the type of
threat stream that the President and others elected officials get or
that we had coming into Members of Congress.
Mental
health advocate Dottie Pacharis expanded on this connection in a
Washington Post
column and called for action on
Congressman Murphys Helping Families In Mental Health Crisis Act (H.R.
3717). In overhauling the entire mental health system, the Murphy
bill advances policy that can provide treatment to individual before
their cases escalate to the level of a crisis or
tragedy.
Last week, Murphy met with officials from the Allegheny County Mental
Health Court to discuss how his legislation reauthorizes mental health
courts, which ensures individuals with a serious mentally illness
receive treatment instead of just jail time. And on Wednesday, Murphy
elaborated on how his legislation would reduce chronic overcrowding in
emergency departments across the country during a panel discussion at an
Allegheny Health Network Conference with area
hospitals.
The reason our prisons and emergency departments are overrun with
mentally ill patients is because we shuttered the state hospital system
leaving too few psychiatric beds, said Murphy.
In the 1950
there were more than 500,000 psychiatric beds; today, there are fewer
than 35,000. The Helping Families in Mental Health Crisis ends a
severe shortage of psychiatric hospital beds and promotes inexpensive and
innovative models of care, such as Assisted Outpatient Treatment for
those who are capable of receiving medical care while living in the
community.
To share your thoughts on the Helping Families
in Mental Health Crisis Act, please
click
here .
Bethel Park Vietnam Vet Receives Purple
Heart
Army
sharpshooter and Bethel Park resident Carl Charnesky
receives
his
Purple Heart after nearly 40
years.
Upon serving as an Army
sharpshooter in Vietnam, Bethel Park resident Carl Charnesky returned home
without the Purple Heart and other service medals he had earned during
his service. In the years that followed, Mr. Charnesky became a leader
in his community, giving back to fellow veterans by serving as the
commander of Veterans of Foreign Wars Post 1940 in Broughton, South Park.
After almost 40 years, Carl reached out to Congressman Tim Murphy for
help obtaining the medals he never received.
Congressman
Murphy presented the medals to Mr. Charnesky at a ceremony last
Tuesday hosted by the Bethel Park American Legion.
It is an
honor to present the Purple Heart and these Army medals to Carl
Charnesky. Its never too late to welcome home from Vietnam those heroes like
Mr. Charnesky who displayed selfless courage in serving our country,
said Murphy.
Mr. Charnesky was shot during a mission in
a rainstorm about 2 a.m.
We had several platoons around
us, and we had our maneuvers going, he said. All of a sudden, we got
hit unexpectedly.
Murphy said remembering their service
is part of the healing process. its of high importance that we make
sure that every Vietnam veteran who does come home not only is
welcomed home, but also has their full supply of the medals, which they have
earned.
Mr. Charnesky thanked the Congressman for his
help in receiving the medals and described how much the medals meant to
him.
Anybody (who) comes home from the military, was in
battle, they deserve everything they got. And if they have any
trouble getting medals or anything, I would recommend this guy. It took him
only two months to get my order in, he said about Congressman
Murphy.
In addition to the Purple Heart, Mr. Charnesky also
received the Army Commendation Medal, National Defense Service medal,
Vietnam Service Medal &amp; Bronze Star Attachment, the Republic of
Vietnam Campaign Ribbon, and the Sharpshooter Badge and Rifle
Bar.
Also in attendance at the ceremony were Carls wife Lavonue,
Bethel Park Mayor and American Legion Post Commander Jack Allen, fellow
veterans, and members of the VFW and American Legion.
Click here
to watch the full ceremony, which was also covered by
WPXI , the
Post-Gazette
and the
Tribune-Review .
If you or a veteran you know has not received medals they earned
during their military service, please contact Rep. Murphys Mt. Lebanon
office at 412-344-5583, or his Greensburg office at
724-850-7312.
Pathway to 21 st
Century Cures
Murphy discusses how the regulatory process has not
kept pace with scientific
advancements.
Of the 7,000 known
diseases, fewer than 500 have medical treatments. Developing treatment for
rare diseases that impact a small percentage of the population can cost
over $1 billion, take 10 to 15 years, and require researchers to
overcome mountains of red tape to obtain approval from the Food and Drug
Administration to market a drug. For the estimated 30 million Americans
living with rare conditions such as like Lou Gehrigs disease (ALS),
Alzheimers disease, and many types of cancer, for which there is no
known treatment, finding a cure is a matter of life and
death.
To find a quicker and less costly way, the Energy and Commerce
Committee launched the 21 st
Century Cures Initiative to find
ways to facilitate more efficient discovery, development, and delivery
of new drugs and treatments for rare conditions. The year-long
initiative has included a dozen congressional hearings in Washington, D.C.
and numerous roundtable discussions around the country ( Click here
for more information).
Rep. Murphy
brought the Pathway to Cures initiative to Mt. Lebanon this week, hosting a
roundtable with local patients and advocates who had the opportunity
to speak directly to a top official from the National Institutes of
Health (NIH) who is on front lines of the drug research and development
process. Advocates testified about the barriers they and others like
them face in the drug discovery process, completing and accessing
clinical trials, and education and awareness challenges. The roundtable was
covered by
KDKA Radio
and The
Almanac.
In his opening statement, Murphy thanked the more than 30
advocates in attendance and said the regulatory process has not kept pace
with scientific advancements.
The United States has been a
leader in biomedical innovation for decades, developing new treatments
and medications that save lives every day. We have the best
scientists, researchers, medical centers, and government research facilities in
the world, but as we hear from patients, advocates, drug developers,
and others, there is much room for improvement in our current
regulatory and non-governmental systems, said Murphy.
Many
advocates discussed the need for patient registries that would enable
doctors to identify symptom patterns for faster diagnoses, and that would
empower researchers to stay connected on the latest treatments and
ideas. Others discussed the need to streamline the FDA drug approval
process to create the optimal balance of safety and speed in the system.
Chuck Mohan, Director of the United Mitochondrial Disease Foundation
which is headquartered in Plum Boro, spoke about the difficulty in
finding resources to research the thousands of rare diseases affecting only
small populations.
Dr. Pamela McInnes, Deputy Director of
the Center for Advancing Translational Sciences (NCATS), traveled to
Pittsburgh to participate in the event on behalf of the NIH. While
listening to and learning from the advocates in attendance, Dr. McInnes
also provided information about NIHs current efforts to improve
current systems, such as
ClinicalTrials.gov , a website
available to anyone interested in researching clinical trials on a
particular disease or in a specific region of the
country.
To share your thoughts on the 21 st
Century Cures
initiative, please
click
here .
Murphy Named Friend of the
Farmer
Jess
Stairs presents Murphy with the American Farm Bureau Federations
Friend of the Farm Bureau
Award.
In recognition of his work on
legislation and policy issues important to our regions farmers,
Congressman Tim Murphy was presented with the American Farm Bureau
Federations Friend of the Farm Bureau Award today during a tour of former
state legislator Jess Stairs farmstead in Mt. Pleasant Township,
Westmoreland County.
Among the issues advanced by Murphy on
behalf of local farmers has been the effort to block a new regulation
from the Environmental Protection Agency known as the Waters of the US
rule. The regulation has many local farmers worried that their land
will be subject to new restrictions that would govern a tiny backyard
creek or dry ditch in a similar fashion to a navigable waterway like the
Monongahela River.
To stop the Administration from
developing, finalizing, adopting, implementing, applying, administering,
or enforcing the Waters of the US rule, the House of Representatives
passed the Waters of the US Regulatory Overreach Protection Act (H.R.
5078) in September.
While the legislation now awaits
further action in the Senate, Murphy vowed to continue fighting these
illogical federal regulations that would require a federal EPA-approved
permit prior to home construction and everyday farm
work.
As fall begins, local farmers have started harvesting their crops to
sell at many Southwestern PA farmers markets. Local farms like
Kerbers Dairy in North Huntingdon, Trax Farms in Finleyville, Simmons Farm
in McMurray, and Janoskis Farm in Findlay Township all provide
seasonal fruits and vegetables to the region. A list of area farmers
markets, grocery stores and shops selling
locally-produced
food products , such as wine, pretzels, chocolate, bread, olives,
milk, and more, is on Rep. Murphys website
here .
To share your thoughts on farming in Southwestern
Pennsylvania, please
click
here .
West
Allegheny Elementary Students Achieve Top National
Honor
With
Principal
Patricia Nolan and
Superintendent
Dr. Jerri Lynn Lippert
Today Congressman Murphy
presented an official Congressional proclamation to the students, teachers
and administrators of Donaldson Elementary School, part of the West
Allegheny School District, for achieving the 2014 National Blue Ribbon
School award from the U.S. Department of
Education.
Donaldson Elementary School
is one of only two elementary schools in
the state that made the national Blue Ribbon list in September and was
recognized for making significant gains in student achievement.
Congressman Murphy congratulated Patricia Nolan, Principal and Dr. Jerri
Lynn Lippert, Superintendent at a breakfast thanking the teachers,
support staff and administration for all their hard work in the past
year.
National Blue Ribbon Schools are honored at an annual
awards ceremony in Washington, DC, where each receives a plaque and flag
to signify its exemplary status. These schools serve as examples for
other schools throughout the nation and details of their achievements
are shared on the U.S. Department of Educations
website.
Please Feel Free to Tell a Friend
E-mail:
E-mail:
E-mail:
Washington D.C.
Office
2332 Rayburn HOB
Washington, DC 20515
Phone: (202)
2252301
Fax: (202) 2251844
Mt. Lebanon
Office
504 Washington Road
Pittsburgh, PA 15228
Phone: (412)
3445583
Fax: (412) 4295092
Greensburg
Office
2040 Frederickson Place
Greensburg, PA
15601
Phone: (724) 8507312
Fax: (724) 8507315
Unsubscribe
|
Update My Profile
|
Privacy Policy
