
If you are having trouble viewing this message or would
like to share it on a social network, you can
view the message online .
HOME
CONTACT US
CONSTITUENT SERVICES
ISSUES AND LEGISLATION
October 19, 2014
KU Hospital's Ebola Response :
On
Friday, I visited the University of Kansas Hospital to speak with the
nursing and medical staff. This past week they were presented with the
unprecedented challenge of treating a possible Ebola patient, who was
later found not to have Ebola.
Medical staff relied
on all available CDC guidelines for treatment, and then went above and
beyond to ensure that other patients and medical staff were not
exposed to Ebola.
CDC should consider KU Hospital as a
model for the excellence we expect when reacting to the Ebola threat,
and I expect them to work with other hospitals across Kansas to ensure
that they stand ready to effectively face down this deadly
virus.
I would like to thank KU Hospital for showing me the
precautionary measures they have taken in order to both properly care
for the patient and prevent the spread of Ebola.
To watch
Kansas First News report on the Ebola threat,
click
here .
Medicare Open Enrollment
Season:
Medicare Open Enrollment started on October
15th this week and runs through December 7th. I want to
encourage folks with Medicare to review your current health and prescription
coverage, and compare with new plan offerings.
Many
resources are available for people with Medicare, their families, and
caregivers to review:
Visit
www.Medicare.gov
to review available coverage and enroll in a new plan if you decide
to make a change, or call 1-800-MEDICARE (1-800-633-4227) for 24-hour
assistance to discuss coverage options and answer any
questions.
You can also contact my Topeka District Office at 785-234-LYNN
(785-234-5966) and one of my caseworkers can assist you with the
enrollment process.
During this open enrollment season, I want to
remind everyone with Medicare to never give your personal information
to anyone who is making unsolicited phone calls selling
Medicare-related products or services. If you believe you have been a victim of
Medicare fraud, information is available at
www.stopmedicarefraud.gov .
Increasing Cost Transparency
When It Comes To Your Health Care :
Next
Tuesday, I am hosting a briefing on Capitol Hill focused on ways Congress
can help empower consumers with information that will allow them to
make informed decisions when they seek out health care.
The
briefing will be held in conjunction with David Newman, Executive
Director of the Health Care Cost Institute (HCCI). HCCI is a non-partisan
organization working on a healthcare cost website that will provide free
local healthcare quality and cost data for
consumers.
As health costs continue to rise, and individuals around the country
are losing the coverage they liked due to passage of the Affordable
Care Act, I feel it is crucial that consumers have reliable data and
cost transparency so we can change the way Americans consume
healthcare.
Local Business Tour in
Chanute :
On Monday, I toured local businesses Schell Electronics and
Optimized Process Furnace in Chanute as part of my continued efforts to
hear from our job creators and employees.
At Schell
Electronics, I was told healthcare was their primary concern. Schell pointed
to one employee, whose premiums will be going up from $200 to $400
next year, due to passage of the Affordable Care Act. I shared what my
Republican colleagues and I have done in the House to combat the
negative effects of this legislation, and promised to continue work to
repeal provisions in the law that are hurting employees and driving up
costs for American families.
To read the Chanute Tribunes
report on my visit to these hidden gems,
click
here .
Local Business Tour in Paola with State Representative
Vickrey :
On Wednesday, I joined State Representative Jene
Vickrey on a tour of local businesses in the downtown square of Paola. We
spoke with employees at Spring of China, Great Clips, Hibbett Sports,
and VIP Nails.
Local Business Tour in
Oskaloosa:
On Friday, Oskaloosa Mayor Eric Hull and I went
around Oskaloosas town square to visit local business owners and hear
legislative concerns. We stopped by Hallmark, Kansas Secured Title,
F.W. Huston Medical Center, the local Farm Bureau, MHS Engineering, CPA
Bradley E. Hammels office, the State Bank of Oskaloosa, Cathys Style
Shop, and PIA Friend Realty. Thanks to Mayor Hull and all the
employees who shared their concerns with me!
Around the District: Neodesha,
Fredonia, Holton, Topeka, Fort Scott, Valley
Falls
On Monday, I spoke with the staff at AgEagle in Neodesha. It was
extremely beneficial to learn about the construction of their innovative
air-crafts and their work to gather more precise data with modern
equipment.
I also
stopped in at Fredonia Pharmacy to visit with owner Doug and Nina
Fowler about a a CMS ruling on rural pharmacists and rural
healthcare.
On Tuesday, I
toured Harvesters Distribution Center in Topeka, which serves 26
counties in Northeast Kansas and Northwest Missouri. This organization helps
feed over 140,000 people every month, all thanks to dedicated
volunteers who give freely of their time hosting food drives and gathering
donations. Our discussion focused on ways in which organizations like
Harvesters are working to end hunger in our communities.
After Harvesters, I traveled
to Holton to get an insurance update from Cindy Hower, of Kellerman
Insurance.
It
was a privilege to tour Tri-Valley Developmental Services in Fort Scott.
Tri-Valley is an organization committed to providing opportunities to
persons with disabilities and it was great to learn about the
excellent work they are doing for the community. I want to thank Dee Cullison
and Barbara McCord for their hospitality.
I spoke to the Fort Scott
Rotary Club about a number of issues facing our nation. It was extremely
beneficial to listen to their ideas and feedback. Thank you to
everyone who came to the meeting! To watch KSNFs report on the meeting,
click here .
On Friday, I went to
Valley Falls to talk to the folks at AgValley and Mayor Charlie
Stutesman about business this season and hear some of their concerns. Top
on their list: overregulation and crippling taxes.
Share on
Facebook Share on Twitter
Please
Feel Free to Tell a Friend
E-mail:
E-mail:
E-mail:
Washington, DC Office
1027 Longworth
HOB
Washington, D.C. 20515
Phone: (202) 225-6601
Fax: (202) 225-7986
Pittsburg
Office
1001 N. Broadway Street
#C
Pittsburg, KS 66762
Phone: (620) 231-LYNN (5966)
Fax: (620) 231-5972
Topeka Office
3550 SW 5th
Street
Topeka, KS 66606
Phone: (785) 234-LYNN (5966)
Fax: (785) 234-5967
Independence Office
120 N. 6th Street
Independence, KS 67301
Phone: (620)
231-LYNN (5966)
Fax: (620) 231-5972
Unsubscribe
|
Update My Profile
|
Privacy
Policy
