
If you are having trouble viewing this message or would like
to share it on a social network, you can
view the message online .
HOME
ABOUT
SERVING YOU
WHERE I STAND
MEDIA CENTER
CONTACT ME
October 21, 2014
Dear
Friends,
This October marks Breast Cancer Awareness Month. No
matter your age, gender, socioeconomic status, or education level,
this horrible disease can potentially afflict anyone. Too many wives,
mothers, aunts, sisters, friends, and co-workers suffer from breast
cancer. In fact, according to the National Cancer Institute, a woman born
today in the United States has a one in eight chance of being detected
with this form of cancer during her lifetime.
In most cases,
early detection can increase a womans chances for successful
treatment. However, too often women forget to schedule a check-up with their
health care professional. Mammograms are an excellent way to identify
breast changes that may be cancerous before physical symptoms develop.
Other ways for early detection include having a breast exam by a
health professional or perform Breast Self-Examinations (BSE). Should there
be any noticeable changes, make an appointment to see a health care
provider as soon as possible.
As a Member of Congress,
I have always advocated for legislation to raise awareness regarding
breast cancer to put a stop to the spread of this disease. In the
113 th
Congress, I co-sponsored the Accelerating the End of
Breast Cancer Act which would create a commission to identify strategies
for the primary prevention of breast cancer and find methods to prevent
breast cancer metastasis. This commission would be comprised of the
best minds in biomedical research, business and breast cancer advocacy
groups to focus on the most effective manner to effectively prevent
this dreaded affliction.
In the fight against breast cancer, no
one can be complacent. That is why it is our duty to encourage every
woman we know to schedule a regularly scheduled mammogramand support
the millions who have been affected by breast cancer. Another way to
help save lives from this cancer is to get involved and support community
events that raise awareness of breast cancer or help survivors and
family members.
It is not common, but many men also develop
breast cancer during their lifetime. The mortality rate is actually
higher in men than in women, primarily because men are less likely to
promptly seek treatment if they detect chest area changes. Men should also
check themselves periodically by doing a BSE and reporting any changes
to their health care providers.
It is important to
become informed, learn the facts and risks and seek medical attention as
soon as possible. Early detection and treatment are key and increase
chances of survival. Together, we can end this disease that impacts so
many men and women.
Sincerely,
Ileana Ros-Lehtinen
Member of
Congress
Don't forget to follow me on Twitter
@RosLehtinen . I send out live updates and links to
recent videos!
E-mail Updates
Yes, please periodically send me e-mail
updates.*
*By subscribing to my
e-mail
updates, you are authorizing me to send regular e-mail updates from my
office to your e-mail account.
Tell a Friend
E-mail:
E-mail:
E-mail:
Washington,
DC Office
2206
Rayburn HOB |
Washington, DC
20515
Phone: (202) 225-3931 |
Fax: (202)
225-5620
Miami Office
(Main)
4960 SW 72 Ave, Suite 208 |
Miami, FL
33155
Phone:
(305) 668-2285 |
Fax: (305) 668-5970
Unsubscribe
|
Update My Profile
|
Privacy Policy
