
Oct
18
News From Senator Ayotte's Office
Dear Friends,
This week, I am continuing to closely monitor developments related to the Ebola virus epidemic. The administration must work with our international partners to immediately ramp up efforts to stop this outbreak at its source in West Africa. We also must ensure our health care professionals are well-prepared and properly trained to identify, isolate, and treat Ebola cases. In addition, I believe that travel between the U.S. and affected countries should be restricted to only cases in which travel is absolutely necessary, such as to assist with the Ebola response. I will continue to closely follow the federal government's response to this public health threat.
Earlier this week at the New Hampshire Institute of Politics at Saint Anselm College, I joined Tom Ridge, former Pennsylvania Governor and former Secretary of Homeland Security, for a forum hosted by the U.S. Global Leadership Coalition. We discussed how U.S. leadership and international engagement promote America's security and prosperity. When combined with American military strength second to none, I believe U.S. trade, development, and diplomacy today can often prevent more costly conflict tomorrow. See below for more about this event.
At a naturalization ceremony in Concord yesterday, I was honored to congratulate 80 new U.S. citizens and welcome them to the American family. Those who became citizens represented 39 different countries, and they studied hard to learn about our nation's history, our Constitution and our laws, and to fulfill the requirements of becoming a citizen. It was inspiring to see their commitment to seek freedom and opportunity by becoming part of our nation.
Also this week, I signed a letter to the Consumer Product Safety Commission in opposition to regulations that would force recreational vehicle users in New Hampshire to comply with unreasonable mandatory design standards. We need to ensure that heavy handed Washington regulations do not interfere with recreational vehicle activity in our state.
Please read on for additional news from this week.
Ayotte Congratulates New American Citizens at Ceremony in Concord
At the U.S. District Court in Concord on Friday, Senator Ayotte participated in a naturalization ceremony, where 80 individuals representing 39 different countries were sworn in as U.S. citizens.
Their experiences help weave the very fabric of our nation, and the contributions they will make as citizens will help enrich our communities, expand cultural understanding, and make our country a better place.
Ayotte Participates in Forum on U.S. Leadership in the World
Leaders push importance of U.S. engagement worldwide By CASSIDY SWANSON
The Union Leader
October 15, 2014
GOFFSTOWN - At a time when many Americans are rejected the idea of getting involved in foreign affairs, political leaders gathered Tuesday at the New Hampshire Institute of Politics to discuss the necessity to be engaged globally, and the importance of America's role as a leader.
"The USGLC has assembled a distinguished group of bipartisan leaders, both Democrat and Republican, who believe that America must be a global leader - not only because it's the right thing to do, but also because it is the smart thing to do," said Saint Anselm College president Dr. Steven DiSalvo of the event's speakers.
...
Former WMUR anchor and principal of FocusFirst Communications Tiffany Eddy served as moderator for the discussion with U.S. Sen. Kelly Ayotte and former Pennsylvania Gov. Tom Ridge. Eddy started off the conversation asking what tools the U.S. has besides its military, and why development and diplomacy are so vital.
"I think we need to acknowledge who we are and the significance of American engagement around the world," Ayotte said. "If you ask our military leaders what is one of the most important tools that they have...to avoid conflict, they will tell you it is our engagement: our diplomatic engagement, our economic engagement."
Ayotte said establishing strong relationships with other countries diminishes conflict, builds allies, and decreases the need to deploy troops.
Ridge remarked that the issue of foreign is one that is "very easy do demagogue."
"At the end of the day, we should be supporting it because it's in our economic, military, national security, and strategic interest to [support foreign aid]," Ridge said. "It's all right for America to act in its own best interest, but it's best when we act in our interest when it's consistent with our brand."
Read more.
Senator Ayotte with Governor Tom Ridge.
Left to right: Governor Tom Ridge; Dr. Katrina Lantos Swett, President, Lantos Foundation; Liz Schrayer, President and CEO, USGLC; Tiffany Eddy, President, Focus First Communications; Steven DiSalvo, President, St. Anselm College; Senator Ayotte; Ambassador Richard Swett, USGLC New Hampshire Advisory Committee; and Rich Ashooh, Director, Strategy BAE Systems.
Senator Ayotte and Governor Tom Ridge with students from the New Hampshire Institute of Politics.
From left to right: Mina Al Rais, Senator Ayotte, Arya Thapa, Kevin Lacourse, Ashley Scoville, Governor Tom Ridge, Brian O'Connor, Rachel Morel, Alexandra Castillo.
Ayotte: Prescription Drug Monitoring Database is Important Step in Preventing Drug Abuse
Senator Ayotte this week applauded New Hampshire's official launch of a state database that will track the prescription and sale of drugs that have a high potential for abuse. The New Hampshire Prescription Drug Monitoring Program (PDMP) will allow prescribers and pharmacists to track prescriptions and patient history in order to help prevent so-called "doctor shopping."
As the state's attorney general from 2004-2009, Ayotte was a strong advocate for establishing a Prescription Drug Monitoring Program in New Hampshire, and during her tenure, the state received a federal grant to assist with the planning of a PDMP.
"As New Hampshire's Attorney General, I strongly supported establishing a Prescription Drug Monitoring Program in New Hampshire, and I'm pleased that this program is up and running," said Ayotte. "Prescription Drug Monitoring Programs are an important tool in preventing prescription drug abuse, and I'm also pushing bipartisan legislation I helped introduce in the Senate that would incentivize the sharing of prescription drug monitoring data across state lines, as well as enhance education and outreach to physicians and prescribers on the importance of fully utilizing these programs."
Read more.
Ayotte Fights Proposed Federal Rules that Could Threaten NH Recreational Vehicle Users
Senator Ayotte has joined a group of bipartisan Senators in fighting regulations proposed by the Consumer Product Safety Commission (CPSC) that would force recreational vehicle users in New Hampshire to comply with unreasonable mandatory design standards for the recreational off-highway vehicle (ROV) industry .
In a letter to CPSC Chairman Elliot Kaye, the Senators urged the agency to take additional time in addressing safety standards for recreational vehicles and continue to work with the recreational vehicle industry on voluntary standards, rather than institute a one-size-fits-all mandatory rule.
Read the letter.
Photo of the Week
So much fun with Kate and Jake at Brookdale Farm in Hollis on Columbus Day buying pumpkins and picking apples!
CLICK HERE TO SHARE THIS NEWSLETTER
Warm Regards,
Kelly Ayotte
United States Senator
Email Kelly
Manchester Office
1200 Elm Street, Suite 2
Manchester, NH 03101 Phone:
603-622-7979
Nashua Office
144 Main Street
Nashua, NH 03060 Phone:
603-880-3335
North Country Office 19 Pleasant Street, Suite 13B
Berlin, NH 03570 Phone:
603-752-7702 Fax:
603-752-7704
Portsmouth Office
14 Manchester Square, Ste 140
Portsmouth, NH 03801 Phone:
603-436-7161
Washington, DC
144 Russell Senate Office Building
Washington, DC 20510
Phone:
202-224-3324
Email Kelly
|
ayotte.senate.gov
|
Unsubscribe
