
Saturday, September 27, 2014
WEBSITE
|
FORWARD TO A FRIEND
| SHARE ON:
Congressional Report
Dear Friend,
I hope you will take a few moments to read the latest updates from me and my office below.
I spent this past week traveling throughout the 28th District.
You can find out what I'm doing by following me on
Facebook
and
Twitter . Remember to sign up for my email list
here
to keep in touch if you have not already subscribed.
My Live Conversation with the Texas Tribune at University of Texas San Antonio
This week, I joined the Texas Tribune for a live, hour long conversation with Editor and CEO, Evan Smith at the University of Texas San Antonio.
We had a lively discussion on some of the issues that matter most to Texans - immigration, border security, healthcare, gridlock in Congress, and so on.
If you didn't catch the event live, please take a moment to
watch the full video below
and
visit my Twitter page to see the highlights.
To watch the video,
click here :
My Column in the San Antonio Express News: "Export-Import Bank Should be Reauthorized Long-Term"
It's time to put Texas businesses and middle-class families first and pass a long-term reauthorization of the Export-Import bank.
The Export-Import Bank is one of the most important tools for job creation. It helps our companies compete against foreign companies backed by their governments.
The Export-Import Bank is helping businesses in Texas. During the past seven years, exporters supported by the bank have produced more than $24 billion in total export value. In my congressional district, the Export-Import Bank supported $235 million in exports during the same period.
Read my full column here in the
San Antonio Express-News .
Ground Breaking for Chacon Creek Hike and Bike Trail
Congressman Cuellar joins the City of Laredo to break ground on a new portion of the Chacon Creek Hike and Bike Trail, funded through a $3.3 million earmark Congressman Cuellar secured in 2006.
This week, I teamed up with the City of Laredo to break ground on a new portion of the Chacon Creek Hike and Bike Trail in East Laredo. I secured a $3.3 million earmark in 2006 to fund the project. Chacon Creek has great recreational, educational and economic potential, and is local treasure.
Announcement of $3.4 million in federal funds for Laredo Community College and Texas A&amp;M International University
I joined Texas A&amp;M International University and Laredo Community College to announce over $3.4 million in federal grants for both TAMIU and LCC.
Later this week, I was at Texas A&amp;M International University to announce over $3.4 million in federal grants for both TAMIU and Laredo Community College.
These funds will be used to help minority students succeed in science, technology, engineering, and mathematics fields.
To read more about these awards,
CLICK HERE .
Kick Off Ceremony for Innovative Development and Economic Alliance of Laredo
My outreach coordinator for Webb County, Mike Buentello, attended the kick off ceremony for the Innovative Development and Economic Alliance of Laredo and discussed ways my office can assist with economic development.
Mike is pictured here with Laredo Community College President, Dr. Juan Maldonado (left), and Rodney Rodriguez, Economic Development Center Director at LCC (right).
My outreach coordinator for Webb County, Mike Buentello, attended the kick off ceremony for Innovative Development and Economic Alliance of Laredo (IDEAL).
This was an opportunity for community leaders to organize and promote economic development in the region.
Thank you, IDEAL, for your commitment to entrepreneurship!
Meeting with Starr County Farm Bureau
My outreach coordinator, Narda Terrones, met with the Starr County Farm Bureau and discussed issues affecting farm workers in the area.
My Outreach Coordinator Narda Terrones attended the annual Starr County Farm Bureau meeting this week in Rio Grande City where she delivered a congressional update on legislative issues affecting farm workers in the area. This meeting recognized the oldest members of the organization as well as young high school scholarship recipients.
Starr County Texas A&amp;M AgriLife Extension Service was also named Volunteers of the Year by Starr County Farm Bureau.
Congratulations and thanks for all you do!
Meeting About Home Care Cost Efficiency for Elderly in RGV
My staff and members from the Texas Association for Home Care &amp; Hospice, Inc. spoke about cost efficiency for elderly home care services in South Texas.
My Southern District Outreach Coordinator, Nichole Hernandez, met with a few members from the Texas Association for Home Care &amp; Hospice, Inc. in the Rio Grande Valley to discuss the cost efficiency benefits of home care services for our elderly.
Sincerely,
P.S. For up-to-date coverage of what is happening in TX28 and more, you can follow me on Twitter
@RepCuellar
or like me on
Facebook .
CONNECT
LATEST NEWS
0 9/19/14: Rio Grande Guardian
Hispanic Caucus welcomes Echaveste ambassador to Mexico selection
9/20/14: Houston Chronicle
Proposal for border security panel gets cool reception
9/24/14: Laredo Morning Times
Hike, bike trail set for eastside
9/24/14: Roll Call
Rep. Henry Cuellar: I Will Die As a Democrat
9/24/14: San Antonio Express-News
Export-Import Bank supports border economy
09/26/14: KGNS:
"LCC and TAMIU receive $3.4 million in federal grants"
NEIGHBORHOOD OFFICE HOURS
Thursday, October 3rd
Pleasanton City Hall
108 2nd Street
10:00am - 11:30am
Pleasanton, TX
Charlotte City Maint Bldg.
11 Bruce Place
2:30pm - 3:30pm
Charlotte, TX
Open to Laredo
Fire Dept Meeting Room
500 Cenizo
9:30am - 10:30am
Sullivan City, TX
Penitas City Hall
FM 1427
1:00pm - 2:00pm
Penitas, TX
La Joya Senior Citizens Center
925 Lee Street
11:00am - 12:00pm
La Joya, TX
NOTE: Please DO NOT respond to this email as this inbox is unattended. To contact my office please
click here
UPDATE SUBSCRIPTION OPTIONS
|
PRIVACY POLICY
|
CONTACT US
Rep. Cuellar joined... from TAMIU as well as other... for the announcment of federal funding awarded to the Univeristy.
This week I had the pleasure of announcing that TAMIU and LLC will be receiving $3.4 in federal grant money.
Rep. Cuellar joined... from TAMIU as well as other... for the announcment of federal funding awarded to the Univeristy.
This week I had the pleasure of announcing that TAMIU and LLC will be receiving $3.4 in federal grant money.
Click Here Click Here