
10
OCT 2014
Traveling our state, Getting good ideas
Dear David,
For the past three weeks, I've covered hundreds of miles traveling across our state to hear from Montanans.
I held three veterans listening sessions, convened a Senate field hearing, spoke to five student groups, headlined a public lands rally and met with Montana small business owners from Glendive to Butte to Columbia Falls.
It's been a busy, but productive, three weeks.
In Sidney, law enforcement, social services and public officials told me about the need for more resources to combat the influx of crime and drugs into the region.
In Bozeman, I got an update from the folks running the Blackstone Launchpad Program at MSU.
I brought LaunchPad to Montana last year to connect young Montanans with expert entrepreneurs who could help them start new businesses and create jobs in Montana.
I'm pleased to see firsthand that this privately-funded partnership has helped nearly 200 students and begun to develop 111 ventures, two of which are now small businesses.
Then in Great Falls, I had the honor of helping Judge Greg Pinski announce new resources to help the Cascade County Veterans Court increase services and better track veterans' progress through the system.
On the road, folks tell me about the progress we're making, but sometimes I hear about proposed rules that don't make sense. That's what happened when I learned the Food and Drug Administration wanted to require brewers and distillers to comply with new regulations if spent grain - a brewing and distilling byproduct - was made available for animal feed.
Ranchers have fed their cows spent grain for centuries - long before the FDA existed.
It's a well-established practice that benefits producers and brewers and distillers.
That's why, after hearing from Montanans, I got the FDA to back off.
Another focus of mine has been education.
Visiting Carroll College in Helena, Dawson Community College in Glendive and Flathead Valley Community College in Kalispell, as well as high schoolers in Butte and Bozeman and preschoolers in Great Falls, I heard again the importance of making education accessible and affordable.
Education is the key to making sure our next generation of students is not only prepared for good jobs, but also able to get them here in Montana.
A good education opens doors to new opportunities for those willing to work hard.
That's why I'm making improving our education system and college affordability key parts of my agenda moving forward.
With less than a month to go before Election Day, keep asking our candidates tough questions about what direction they want to take our state and nation.
There are issues big and small, but either way, make your voice heard.
Make sure to vote on or before November 4th.
My trip around Montana was a great success, and I look forward to hearing from and meeting more Montanans on the road.
I'll be in touch again soon.
P.S. - To see my entire roadshow around Montana click
HERE .
WWW.TESTER.SENATE.GOV
|
UNSUBSCRIBE
