
Date: [DatePublished:{MMMM dd, yyyy}]
Contact: [ContactName]
FOR IMMEDIATE RELEASE
[ContactPhone]
Dear Friend,
As your representative in Congress, I believe the mission of government matters and that we can do things in DC that make life better for people and give them increased opportunities for success. Americans are facing real problems that can only be solved when Congress gets serious about getting things done. Below are just a few of the issues I believe Congress must address when we return for votes in November. Upon returning to Washington, Ill make sure to remind my colleagues of the message constituents share with me every day: progress wont come from partisan bickering, only honest compromise and hard work.
As always, it is an honor to serve you.
My district staff is here to assist
with any federal issue you might have, including passports, Medicare, veterans benefits and more so please dont hesitate to
contact our office
if theres anything we can do for you.
You can also connect with us on
Facebook ,
Twitter ,
Instagram
and
YouTube .
Sincerely,
Mike Quigley
Improving the Economy for the Middle Class &amp; Working Families
Rep. Quigley goes
undercover
at Half Acre Brewery, working alongside Fifth District residents in order to understand the challenges they face on a daily basis.
The middle class drives our economy and creates most of the jobs here in Illinois. I want to grow the middle class even further, lift nearly one million people out of poverty and give hard-working Illinoisans a raise by raising the federal
minimum wage . To create a stronger and more productive workforce, Im prioritizing investments in
innovation and education
and policies that support working families, including
affordable child care , paid family and sick leave and efforts to make higher education more affordable. Im putting middle class families ahead of millionaires by pushing for a
fairer tax code
and voting against a federal budget that would have raised taxes on middle-class families by $2,000 and given millionaires an average tax break of $200,000.
Comprehensive Immigration Reform
Americas strength as a nation is being jeopardized by a broken immigration system that is tearing families apart, disrupting our workforce and draining our resources. The commonsense House
immigration reform bill
I helped introduce would secure our borders, protect our workers, unite families and provide hardworking immigrants an earned pathway to citizenship. It would also help small businesses expand, foster innovation, raise wages and create thousands of jobs across the country. In addition, Im
leading the push
for more humane deportation and detention policies and efforts to
end abuse
in America's detention centers.
Gun Violence in Our Communities
Its time for Congress to step up to the challenge and stop gun violence where it starts. As a leader in the fight against gun violence, Ive introduced legislation to bolster local
gun buyback initiatives
nationwide, crack down on the
illegal gun market
and give police the tools they need to enforce current gun laws. I backed a renewed effort at the federal level to prosecute gun crimes and helped secure additional funding to put
more cops on Chicagos streets . At the same time, Im pushing Congress to pass commonsense gun reforms to keep dangerous weapons out of the hands of dangerous people, which includes closing background check loopholes and limiting the sale of assault weapons and high-capacity magazines.
Climate Change and Extreme Weather
Rep. Quigley meets with Fifth District constituents following massive flooding in April 2013.
From air pollution that threatens our health to extreme weather that devastates our neighborhoods and threatens our economy, America is feeling the impacts of climate change. We cant afford to ignore the issue any longer. Im urging my colleagues to establish America's first
national energy plan
and pass legislation that
protects natural resources
like the Great Lakes, reduces our dependency on foreign oil, creates clean energy jobs and strengthens our economy.
At the same time, Im working to protect local neighborhoods from
urban flooding
caused by stronger and more destructive storms and pollution from
petroleum coke
(petcoke) storage sites, that lack sufficient regulations.
WEBSITE
|
UNSUBSCRIBE
|
CONTACT
Click Here Click Here