
Saturday, October 4, 2014
WEBSITE
|
FORWARD TO A FRIEND
| SHARE ON:
Congressional Report
Dear Friend,
I hope you will take a few moments to read the latest updates from me and my office below.I spent this past week traveling throughout the 28th District.You can find out what I'm doing by following me on
Facebook
and
Twitter .Remember to sign up for my email list
here to keep in touchif you have not already subscribed.
Houston Chronicle: 'Cuellar: from migrant family to increasing clout in Congress'
The
Houston Chronicle
published a profile piece on me this week about my upbringing in Laredo's Las Lomas neighborhood, and the different phases of my career leading up to my current position on legislation in Washington. I encourage you to read the full article by David McCumber, which can be found by
clicking here.
" It's a humble little white house perched on one of the hills that give Laredo's Las Lomas neighborhood its name.
From the crest of that little hill on Reynolds Street, you can see a world of opportunity.
Martn and Odilia Cuellar raised eight children in this house. Three are in law enforcement; two are lawyers. Of those, one is a Laredo municipal judge; one is the Webb County sheriff.
Their eldest, Henry Roberto Cuellar, looked out from the hill and saw the farthest..." -David McCumber, Houston Chronicle
.
Providing Library of Congress Books to Imaginarium of South Texas
Congressman Henry Cuellar signs books for local families during a book drive at the Imaginarium of South Texas in Laredo.
This past Saturday, with the help of my staff, I dropped by the
Imaginarium of South Texas in Laredo
to provide over 300 books from the Library of Congress to children eager to read. I am a believer in education and want everyone to maintain a healthy interest in reading.
McAllen South Rotary Club Luncheon
I gave a legislative update about immigration and the national budget at the McAllen South Rotary Club on Sept. 25.
From left to right are Phil Brown, Former McAllen Airport Director; Cesar Cepeda, B.I.C. Realty Realtor and Rotary South McAllen Club President; Jim Duncan, Upper Valley Mail Services Partner; Betty Ramirez-Lara, USEUSA President and Owner; Congressman Henry Cuellar; and Adam Lara, Co-Owner of USEUSA.
On September 25th I spoke at the McAllen South Rotary Club Luncheon at the McAllen Country Club regarding immigration and national budget.
Starr County Center of Hope Grand Opening
I joined representatives from Starr County and Rio Grande City for the grand opening of the Starr County's Center of Hope on Sept. 25 in Rio Grande City, Texas.
I presented a Congressional Certificate of Recognition to Starr County Precinct 3 Commissioner Eloy Garza and representatives from the Starr County Self Help Center on Sept. 24 in Rio Grande City, Texas.
This past Friday, I spoke at the grand opening of the Center of Hope in Rio Grande City. This house will provide shelter to a family who may have lost their home in a fire or flood, to someone who is fleeing an abusive relationship or simply a family who has fallen on hard times.
In 1995, I sponsored legislation as a State Representative that required the Texas Department of Housing and Community Affairs to establish
colonia
self-help centers in Starr, El Paso, Hidalgo, Webb and Cameron counties. These centers are critical to improving the living conditions for low-income individuals and families.
Energy Panel with Congressional Hispanic Caucus in D.C.
I moderated a panel in Washington on expanding job opportunities for Latinos in oil and gas industries as part of the Congressional Hispanic Caucus Institutes annual Public Policy Conference.
Pictured with me are panelists Omar Garcia, President of South Texas Energy and Economic Roundtable (left) and Joseph Dominguez, Senior Vice President for Government Affairs and General Counsel at Exelon Corporation (right).
This week in Washington I moderated an energy panel on expanding job opportunities for Latinos in the oil and gas industries. This was part of the
Congressional Hispanic Caucus Institute 's annual Public Policy Conference. The energy boom we are currently seeing is greatly beneficial for our own energy independence and a tremendous opportunity for thousands of people willing to find work in South Texas.
To read more about the panel,
click here.
Welcoming David P. Higgerson, CBP Director of Field Operations for Laredo, Texas
My Outreach Coordinator for Webb, Zapata and La Salle Counties, Michael Buentello (left) congratulates CBP Director of Field Operations David P. Higgerson at the Change of Command Ceremony in Laredo on Sept. 25.
On my behalf, my Outreach Coordinator for Webb and Zapata Counties, Michael Buentello, presented Custom and Border Protection's David P. Higgerson with a Congressional Certificate of Recognition for his work in protecting our border at the Change of Command Ceremony last week in Laredo. David Higgerson will now serve our community as Director of Field Operations. Congratulations, David!
Recognizing Port of San Antonio President and CEO Bruce Miller
Outreach Coordinator for Bexar County, Pete Arguello (left) presents a Congressional Certificate of Recognition to Bruce Miller (right), CEO of the Port of San Antonio.
My outreach coordinator for Bexar County, Pete Arguello, attended the retirement ceremony of Port San Antonio President and CEO Bruce Miller on my behalf. Under Miller's supervision, the port has grown to house 13,000 employees and generate over $4 billion in economic revenue since 2002. We wish you a happy retirement, Bruce!
Starr County Farm Bureau Meeting
The Starr County Texas A&amp;M AgriLife Extension Service was honored with the Volunteers of the Year Award by the Starr County Farm Bureau in Rio Grande City.
My Southern District Outreach Coordinator, Narda Terrones, attended the annual Starr County Farm Bureau meeting this week in Rio Grande City where she delivered a congressional update on legislative issues affecting farm workers in the area. This meeting also recognized the oldest members of the organization as well as young high school scholarship recipients.
The Starr County Farm Bureau honored the Starr County Texas A&amp;M AgriLife Extension Service with the Volunteers of the Year Award at this meeting. Thanks for all you do for the community. This is a well-deserved honor.
Sincerely,
P.S. For up-to-date coverage of what is happening in TX28 and more, you can follow me on Twitter @RepCuellar or like me on
Facebook .
CONNECT
LATEST NEWS
KGNS, 9/30/14:
"Cuellar moderates energy panel at Congressional Hispanic Caucus Institute"
KGBT, 9/29/14:
"Immigrant families released into the US fail to report back"
Midland Reporter-Telegram, 9/29/14:
"Tribune Festival speakers clash on border policy"
Houston Chronicle, 9/29/14:
"Cuellar: from migrant family to increasing clout in Congress"
Laredo Morning Times, 9/28/14:
"300 books distributed"
WOAI, 9/25/14:
"Cuellar: No Evidence that ISIS is Slipping into the US from Mexico"
KGNS, 9/25/14:
"LCC and TAMIU receive $3.4 million in federal grants"
NEIGHBORHOOD OFFICE HOURS
Tuesday, October 7th
Selma Stage Stop Visitor Center
9374 Valhalla
9:00am-10:00am
Selma, TX
Universal City Public Library
2150 Universal City Blvd.
10:30am-11:30am
Universal City, TX
Live Oak City Hall
8001 Shin Oak Dr.
1:00pm-2:00pm
Live Oak, TX
Falcon Community Center
Third at Ramireno
9:15am-10:15am
Falcon, TX
Zapata County Courthouse
200 E. 7th Ave.
11:00am-12:00pm
Zapata, TX
Justice of the Peace Pct.2 Office
1103 Hwy 83
1:15pm-2:15pm
San Ygnacio, TX
Mission City Hall
1201 E. 8th Street
9:00am-10:00am
Palmview Multi Purpose Ctr.
406 West Veterans Blvd.
10:15am-11:15am
Palmview, TX
Palmhurst City Hall 4417 North Shary Road 11:30am-12:30pm
Palmhurst, TX
Thursday, October 9th
St. Hedwig City Hall
13065 FM 1346
9:00am-10:00am
St. Hedwig, TX
Sutherland Springs
10:30am-11:30am
La Vernia City Hall
102 E. Chihuahua
1:00pm-2:00pm
La Vernia, TX
El Cenizo City Hall
507 Cadena St.
9:30am-10:30am
El Cenizo, TX
Rio Bravo City Hall
1701 Centeno Ln.
11:00am-12:00pm
Rio Bravo, TX
Starr County Warehouse Bldg. Pct. 4
FM 755 (La Gloria)
10:00am-11:00am
San Isidro, TX
Starr County Self Help Center
10 Mayorga St.
11:30am-12:30pm
Rio Grande City, TX (La Casita)
NOTE: Please DO NOT respond to this email as this inbox is unattended. To contact my office please
click here
UPDATE SUBSCRIPTION OPTIONS
|
PRIVACY POLICY
|
CONTACT US
Click Here Click Here