
Tuesday, October 7, 2014
WEBSITE
|
FORWARD TO A FRIEND
| SHARE ON:
Make sure to enable photos in your email browser!
The Truth About Lifeline
Recently, an outside advocacy group began an automated robocall campaign in Southern Ohio to encourage residents to call me to prevent Congress from turning off the Lifeline program for our veterans.
I received this phone call and so did many of my friends and neighbors.
While their website doesn't provide sufficient information, it appears the group, which goes by the innocuous-sounding name, Prepaid Wireless Users of America, represents prepaid wireless companies that benefit from a federal program, known as Lifeline.
It has also been called the Obama Phone program.
While I wholeheartedly support a companys right to advocate for their cause, lets have a transparent debate
and not use our veterans to cloud the issue.
The calls fail to mention the documented waste, fraud, and abuse in the Lifeline program, which Im working to end.
Its a cynical, age-old Washington tactic and one reason why many Americans are frustrated with politics.
You can read my full column about the Lifeline program here.
Table of Contents
The Truth About Lifeline
Working for Our Farmers
A Strategy for Destroying ISIS
Addressing the Opiate Epidemic
Improving Career and Technical Education
Deer Park High School Visit
Working for Our Farmers
Im honored to be recognized by the Ohio Farm Bureau as a Friend of Agriculture for my legislative support for farmers across Ohio's Second District. Just last week, I visited the Union Stockyards in Hillsboro, the Hesler Farm in Winchester, and the Scott Farm in Georgetown. Many thanks to the Butler, Hesler, and Scott families, as well as David Dugan from the OSU Cooperative Extension, for taking the time to meet with me and discuss issues in agriculture!
Click here for more information about federal agriculture policy and legislation.
At the Hesler Farm in Winchester
A Strategy for Destroying ISIS
Click
here
to watch the full interview with Fox19's Rob Williams
ISIS is a barbaric and well-funded enemy that cannot be underestimated. While I support the training of vetted, moderate Syrian rebels, as well as airstrikes in Iraq and Syria, I fear, as do many experienced generals and military personnel, that, standing alone, these steps will not be sufficient to defeat ISIS and protect America's national security. I believe a more comprehensive military strategy is needed, along with strong leadership from President Obama.
I joined Fox19 early last week to discuss the need for a defined strategy to destroy this global threat.
Addressing the Opiate Epidemic
I recently attended a very productive town hall meeting addressing drug addiction in Clermont County. I always appreciate the opportunity to discuss this issue with local government officials, health professionals, and community members. Together, we are committed to making Ohio's Second District a safer, drug-free community.
Engineering design instructor, Tobin Huebner, describes career opportunities for students.
Talking with Equine Science instructor, Shawn McDaniel
Student Michael Reinhart explains metal fabrication courses
Improving Career and Technical Education
Last Friday, I had the opportunity to visit US Grant Career Center in Bethel. I met with students, toured the facility, and talked with school administrators about the future of career and technical education.
Over the next several years, America's workforce will undergo many changes. Career and technical centers, like the Grant Career Center, play a vital role in preparing workers for the needs of the 21st century.
Promoting job growth in Ohio is one of my top priorities. The House has passed countless bills that contain common-sense steps to help grow the economy and reduce federal overreach. In July, H.R. 803, the Workforce Innovation and Opportunity Act (WIOA) became law. H.R. 803 gives great flexibility to states, local agencies, and career centers, like Grant Career Center, to address their region's employment and workforce needs.
Check out my website to read more about my commitment to get Americans working again.
Visiting Deer Park High School
Speaking to DPHS Class of 2015
Last Wednesday, I stopped by Deer Park High School to talk to the senior class about our federal government, as well as my experiences as a doctor, veteran, and U.S. Congressman. They had some great questions about current issues our country faces!
Are you a student and
want me to stop by your class?
Tweet me at
@RepBradWenstrup
NOTE: Please DO NOT respond to this email as this inbox is unattended. To contact my office please
click here
Connect:
WASHINGTON, D.C. OFFICE
1223 Longworth H.O.B.
Washington, DC 20515
P:
(202) 225-3164
F:
(202) 225-1992
HAMILTON COUNTY OFFICE
7954 Beechmont Ave, Suite 200
Cincinnati, OH 45255
P:
(513) 474-7777
F:
(513) 605-1377
PEEBLES OFFICE
170 North Main St.
Peebles, OH 45660
P:
(513) 605-1380
F:
(937) 798-4024
UNION TOWNSHIP OFFICE
4350 Aicholtz Rd.
Cincinnati, OH 45245
P:
(513) 605-1389
UNSUBSCRIBE
|
PRIVACY POLICY
|
CONTACT US
Click Here Click Here