
If you are having trouble viewing this message or would like to
share it on a social network, you can
view the message online .
HOME
|
ABOUT
|
CONTACT
|
HOW CAN I HELP
|
MEDIA
|
ISSUES
|
THE 12TH DISTRICT
|
LEGISLATION
Dear David,
Immigration
In the poll my constituents answered last week, immigration was
seen as the most important issue, receiving 21.6% of the vote. Let me
tell you about the work I have done in the House to secure our borders
and tighten the immigration process.
Student Visas and the Domestic Terror
Threat
Every Congress since 2007, I have
worked to pass legislation that would address the holes within the United
States student visa program. In the past year alone, 58,000 foreign
students have outstayed their student visas, with 6,000 of those now
unaccounted for by the Department of Homeland Security. The threat is
real. Some of the terrorists responsible for the 9/11 attacks and the
1993 attack on the World Trade Center entered the country through the
student visa program. Reports have indicated that since the attacks on
9/11, 26 student visa holders have been arrested on terror-related
charges.
With the growing
threat of domestic terrorism, it is time for Congress to act to reform
this faulty system. I have proposed the Student Visa Security
Improvement Act, which would ensure foreign students enter and remain the
country for legitimate purposes, as a first step to solving this serious
issue.
Enhancing Our Border
Security
As a second generation Greek American, I have firsthand
understanding of the importance and the power of the American Dream, as well as,
the sensitivity and passion surrounding the issue of immigration
reform. This matter becomes even more delicate when it involves children,
who must always be dealt with in a thoughtful, compassionate and fair
manner.
Significant
flaws in our border security system made headlines over the summer, with a
surge of undocumented individuals flooding the southern border. In
order to preserve the American Dream for future generations, we must
uphold and enforce current immigration laws to ensure that all who wish
to enter this county do so legally. Border security must be a top
priority for our nation, which is why I supported continued funding for
border security and enforcement operations.
Deferred Action for Childhood
Arrivals
The Deferred Action for
Childhood Arrivals (DACA) program was started by the Obama
Administration in 2008, and allows certain individuals to remain in the United
States for two years before deportation.
I supported legislation that would stop DACA
and prevent the President from taking Executive Action to authorize new
deferred action for any illegal aliens. House-passed legislation also
prohibits a blanket amnesty policy, while still allowing asylum for
refugees who are being persecuted in their home country for their race,
religion, national identity, and social or political affiliation.
While pursuit of
the American dream is one that should be embraced, we must continue to
uphold the rule of law and ensure its equal application for all who
wish to be a part of this great country.
Sincerely,
Gus Bilirakis
Member of
Congress
Unsubscribe
|
Update My Profile
|
Privacy
Policy
gateway mail end
