
Mail begin
If you are having
trouble viewing this message or would like to share it on a social
network, you can
view the
message online .
HOME
ABOUT
CONTACT ME
SERVING YOU
MEDIA CENTER
ISSUES &amp; LEGISLATION
OUR
DISTRICT
October 24, 2014
Dear Friend,
Weve seen lots of news
regarding cases on Ebola in the United States this week as this morning,
the Dallas nurse who contracted the disease was declared Ebola-free,
and last night, a doctor who traveled from Guinea tested positive. My
thoughts are with Nina Pham and her loved ones as they celebrate her
recovery, and I hope you will join me in praying for Dr. Spencer and
those still sick, as well as those affected by this terrible epidemic
across the globe. On Tuesday, the Department of Homeland Security
announced new requirements that people who have traveled through Guinea,
Liberia and Sierra Leone will be required to travel through the five
major airports that have screening processes in place.
This
morning the House Oversight Committee held a hearing on the handling of
the response thus far. This is the most recent of a series of
congressional hearings that will continue in the coming weeks. In last weeks
survey, 68 percent of you questioned the Presidents decision to
appoint Ron Klain as the administrations Ebola response coordinator and
78 percent of you felt the administration had not taken all the
necessary action to protect the country from the spread of Ebola. I share
your concerns and will continue to closely monitor the ongoing actions we
can take to protect the well-being of the American
people.
Here in California, officials in Sacramento are meeting this week
to discuss how public health institutions are working together to
ensure that we are prepared to respond to possible cases of Ebola. State
and local agencies must have the appropriate training and resources to
respond to any incident.
I
started the week in Riverbank on Monday where I dropped off surplus books
from the Library of Congress to the school district office for
distribution to schools throughout the city and to the Riverbank Language
Academy.
The Riverbank Language Academy will make good use of these
donated books!
Later that afternoon I joined the Tracy Kiwanis Club
at the request of Tracy City Council Member Nancy Young to give the
group an update on some of my priorities
water legislation and job
creation were two items that we discussed in
depth.
On Wednesday morning I joined the Manteca
Chamber of Commerce and some of Mantecas business owners at SSJID for
coffee. I presented an award to Dr. Katy Marconi for her work as director
of the Doctors Hospital Pharmacy and congratulated Jeff Shields,
manager of SSJID, for their recent recognition by the International
Commission on Irrigation and Drainage. Last month they received the
Commissions annual WatSave Technology Award for their irrigation management
efforts.
Great to see SSJID
Manager Jeff Shields.
I met
with my Veterans Advisory Committee to ask for their participation in
some of our upcoming events and to get their feedback about some of
the challenges facing our local vets. I especially wanted to invite
them to the Honor Flight send-off Ill be attending Monday morning in
Atwater. Honor flights allow our vets to see, often for the first time,
some of the monuments to commemorate their service in Washington, D.C.
There is nothing quite like these trips and Im looking forward to
seeing many of our Central Valley veterans off on Monday
morning.
My Veterans Advisory Committee
members are a huge help to me in serving our veteran
community.
Yesterday I spoke with seniors at
the English Oaks Nursing and Rehabilitation Center in Modesto. They
had great questions about their Social Security and Medicare benefits
and so many of the pressing issues facing our country. I shared
information about my votes to protect their hard-earned benefits and those for
future generations and talked about ways to ensure access to medical
care.
I spoke at the Modesto Chamber of Commerces State
of the Region Luncheon about the future of our county and how we can
work together to create opportunities for our children to stay and
raise families here, rather than forcing them to leave to find available
jobs. This means stable federal policies, fiscal prudence in our
spending and a government that gets out of the way of job creation. We
cannot dictate the future of our economy, but we can unleash the natural
dynamism and creativity of Central Valley entrepreneurs, farmers,
students and community leaders to build a better future.
I hope
you have a wonderful weekend.
Want more frequent
updates? Connect with me on
Facebook ,
YouTube ,
Twitter
and
I nstagram .
JEFF DENHAM
E-mail Updates
Yes, please
periodically send me e-mail updates.*
*By subscribing to my
e-mail updates, you are
authorizing me to send regular e-mail updates from my office to your e-mail
account.
DC office:
1730 Longworth
HOB
Washington, DC
20515
P: 202-225-4540
F: 202-225-3402
Modesto Office:
4701 Sisk Road,
Suite 202
Modesto, CA 95356
P: 209-579-5458
F:
209-579-5028
Unsubscribe
|
Update My Profile
|
Privacy Policy
gateway mail end
