
Fighting Alzheimer's
Dr. John Trojanowski showed me the research facilities at the University of Pennsylvania's Memory Center.
This year, I met with scientists at the University of Pittsburgh who are developing state-of-the-art therapies for Alzheimer's. This issue is personal for me: my father was diagnosed last year, and my grandmother died from the disease.
But things are looking up. Our state is leading the charge in the fight against this debilitating disease. Institutions like the University of Pennsylvania and the University of Pittsburgh are dedicating resources towards finding a cure. Additionally, Pennsylvanians provide 760 million hours of care to loved ones suffering from Alzheimer's and dementia.
If someone in your family suffers from the disease, I encourage you to share your story. You will be amazed at the support you can provide to others. Working together, I am confident we can defeat Alzheimer's.
Don't forget to check for upcoming
Walk to End Alzheimer's
events in your area!
VALOR Clinic
The
VALOR Clinic Foundation
is set to have its grand opening this Sunday for their new center located at the former Hotel Jonas in Monroe County. On Tuesday, I saw first-hand the progress made by the group and learned more about their mission and efforts to help veterans in the region.
I was especially interested to hear about their initiatives to help veterans through employment related programs and how the center would assist homeless veterans, especially with winter approaching. I shared with the group some of the specific ways I am working on behalf of our veterans, from legislation to help deal with the high unemployment rate among veterans, to my work to address the VA backlog and better connect veterans with available services.
I have worked to identify funding opportunities to support the VALOR Clinic Foundation's mission, written letters of support for grant applications submitted by VALOR, and worked to connect volunteers interested in helping VALOR rehab their new facility. Thank you to founder and CEO Mark Baylis for hosting me!
Working For Small Business
This week, I met with the
Harrisburg Regional Chamber and CREDC , as well as the
Delaware County Chamber . I always enjoy receiving input from Pennsylvania business owners about what is working, how we can help create more jobs, and what is holding them back.
Together, we can create a prosperous business environment in Pennsylvania, and start putting residents of our great state back to work.
Pennsylvania: The Cradle Of Liberty
Thank you to Michael Quinn, President and CEO; Cokie Roberts, author and journalist; and H.F. "Gerry" Lenfest, Founding Chairman for joining me!
This week, I attended the groundbreaking of the
Museum of the American Revolution
in Philadelphia. It is hard to imagine a more appropriate location to commemorate this momentous achievement.
The Museum of the American Revolution, which will open in late 2016, will expose new generations of Americans to the earliest trials of our past. It will provide visitors an opportunity to reflect on the challenges overcome by our forefathers to shape this great nation. I look forward to touring the museum with my family!
ALLENTOWN, PA
PH: (610) 434-1444
ERIE, PA
PH: (814) 453-3010
HARRISBURG, PA
PH: (717) 782-3951
JOHNSTOWN, PA
PH: (814) 266-5970
PHILADELPHIA, PA
PH: (215) 241-1090
PITTSBURGH, PA
PH: (412) 803-3501
SCRANTON, PA
PH: (570) 941-3540
WASHINGTON, D.C.
PH: (202) 224-4254
UNSUBSCRIBE
