
Let&rsquo;s be frank. The Republicans stand a real chance of taking over the U.S. Senate and controlling the entire Congress.
Friend -- Let&rsquo;s be frank.
The Republicans stand a real chance of taking over the U.S. Senate and controlling the entire Congress.
This would be a disaster for our country.
In the next 10 days, we have got to do everything we can to prevent that from happening. It won&rsquo;t be easy, but we can do it. How?
You can contribute to the DSCC so they can mount a massive get-out-the-vote effort, knock on doors, make telephone calls and drive people to the polls.
We must do it.
We can do it.
We can also remind people of where we were as a country six years ago.
Remember when George W. Bush was leaving office?
We were losing over 700,000 jobs a month; the American financial system was on the verge of collapse; we were running up a record-breaking $1.4 trillion dollar deficit and we had combat troops engaged in two Middle East wars.
Yes,
we should be proud that we have made some progress over the last six years, but we should be honest enough to admit that we have not accomplished anywhere near what we should be doing.
Millions of Americans continue to work longer hours for lower wages.
Youth unemployment stands at close to 20%. Some 40 million Americans still lack health insurance. Millions of young people are struggling with horrendously high student debt and many of our seniors are unable to live with dignity on the inadequate Social Security checks they receive.
Perhaps most importantly, while the middle class continues to shrink and we have the highest rate of childhood poverty in the industrialized world, the wealthiest people and largest corporations in our country are doing phenomenally well.
Today, we have higher wealth and income inequality than any major country on earth,
and it is worse today than at any time since 1929. While millions of families are struggling to keep their heads above water economically, 95% of all new income since 2009 has gone to the top 1%.
Where do we go from here?
In the next ten days you must fight to retain the Democratic majority in the Senate.
Without that majority, there is almost nothing that we will be able to accomplish.
At a time when the overwhelming majority of scientists tell us that global warming is real, is caused by human activity and is already causing devastating destruction, do we really want a Republican Chairman of the Senate Environmental Committee who believes that global warming is a &ldquo;hoax?&rdquo;
Pitch in to stop them -- it will be triple-matched &gt;&gt;
At a time when many of us are trying to raise the minimum wage to a living wage, and when millions of workers are struggling to survive on $8 or $9 an hour, do we really want a Republican Chairman of the Health, Education and Labor Committee who believes that we should abolish the concept of the minimum wage and allow Americans to work for $4 an hour?
Pitch in to stop them -- it will be triple-matched &gt;&gt;
At a time when women&rsquo;s rights are being attacked all across the country, do we really want Republican Chairmen of the relevant committees who are anti-choice and against pay equity for women workers?
Pitch in to stop them -- it will be triple-matched &gt;&gt;
And on and on it goes.
We must win this election in 10 days. Please pitch in immediately to halt a Republican takeover of the Senate. Democratic Senators will triple match your gift until midnight.
But winning elections is not enough.
On the day after the election we must begin the effort to pass a progressive agenda which speaks to the needs of the vast majority of our people.
We need a major federal jobs program rebuilding our crumbling infrastructure;
we need a minimum wage which is a living wage; we need pay equity for women workers;
we need to end unfettered free trade policies and demand that corporate America invests in the United States, not in China.
We need to join the rest of the industrialized world with a national health care program guaranteeing health care for all, and we need to substantially reduce the burden of college debt while we work to make college affordable for all.
We need to lead the world in reversing climate change
and moving our energy system away from fossil fuels.
Perhaps, most importantly, we need to overturn the disastrous
Citizens United
Supreme Court decision
so that billionaires like the Koch brothers will not be able to buy elections and convert our great country into an oligarchy.
But first things first! Let&rsquo;s win on November 4th. Let&rsquo;s maintain the Democratic majority.
Please provide any help you can to the DSCC -- all gifts will be triple-matched until midnight.
Thanks very much.
Sincerely,
Senator Bernie Sanders
Every dollar you give today will go to protect our Democratic Senate majority.
Thank you for your continued support.
Democratic Senatorial Campaign Committee
P.O. Box 96047
Washington, DC 20090
Paid for by the Democratic Senatorial Campaign Committee, dscc.org,
and not authorized by any candidate or candidate&#39;s committee.
The DSCC is the only organization solely dedicated to supporting Democrats in the U.S. Senate. This message was sent to dj724530@gmail.com because you are a part of the DSCC&rsquo;s grassroots network. Please add us to your address book or approved senders list to sure you keep receiving DSCC updates.
We greatly appreciate your continued support and participation &ndash; it&rsquo;s absolutely critical if we&rsquo;re going to stop a Republican Senate takeover. If you&rsquo;d like to stop receiving all emails from the DSCC, please
unsubscribe . But if you&#39;d like to make a contribution to support us, please
click here .
Contributions or gifts to the DSCC are not tax deductible.
