
OCT
10
News From Senator Ayotte's Office
Dear Friends,
Today in Portsmouth, I joined members of the Portsmouth Police Department in hosting a roundtable discussion with local officials to hear about efforts in the Seacoast region to address heroin and prescription drug addiction, as well as synthetic drug abuse.
I received valuable input from local law enforcement personnel, first responders, and health care and treatment professionals about what they're experiencing on the front lines of this epidemic and ways I can help support their efforts - including through legislation like the Comprehensive Addiction and Recovery Act.
This bipartisan bill, which I helped introduce, includes important steps to increase drug abuse prevention efforts, improve treatment for those struggling with addiction, ensure law enforcement has greater access to tools to fight drug abuse, and develop best practices for treatment, intervention, and pain management nationwide.
This is an issue that affects every part of our state, and I'll continue to solicit input from local stakeholders who are working to identify effective solutions to address New Hampshire's drug crisis.
Earlier in the week, I met with administration officials and students at Saint Anselm College to discuss campus safety issues and efforts to prevent sexual assaults on campus.
The meeting was an important opportunity to hear feedback from the Saint Anselm community about a proposal I'm supporting to stop sexual violence on campuses nationwide, boost accountability and transparency at colleges and universities, and better support survivors.
I look forward to continuing this dialogue in the coming months at colleges and universities across the state.
I also made stops this week at three of our state's manufacturers - Osram Sylvania, Schleuniger, and Granite State Manufacturing - where I met their talented workforce.
I appreciated the opportunity to visit these important employers in New Hampshire.
From the feedback I have received from my many visits to businesses in our state, I believe we need to create a more competitive tax and regulatory climate for our businesses. We have the highest corporate tax rate in the world, which makes it harder for our businesses to compete in the global economy. We need to reform our tax code to simplify it and lower both corporate and individual rates (for small businesses organized as Subchapter S Corporations or LLCs) so that they can compete and create more jobs in America.
And in order to stay on the cutting edge of innovation, we need a highly skilled, well-trained workforce. At a forum this week in Manchester focused on these issues, I highlighted legislation I've introduced that would strengthen our manufacturing workforce and address regional skills challenges by giving states and local leaders the resources and flexibility they need to implement workforce training programs that fit their unique needs.
Click here
to read more, and scroll down for more info and photos from my travels this week.
I hope you enjoy the beautiful fall weather this weekend!
In Hillsboro, Ayotte Celebrates Launch of New Energy Efficient LED Headlamp
On Thursday, Senator Ayotte was at Osram Sylvania in Hillsboro to celebrate employee appreciation day and the launch of their new energy efficient LED headlamp. Workers at Osram Sylvania are doing exciting work to develop innovative automotive lighting right in Hillsboro. Also as part of the event, Osram Sylvania honored the community by donating a Ford F-150 to the Hillsboro Fire Department.
Osram Sylvania's presentation of the new Ford F-150 to the Hillsboro Fire Department.
Senator Ayotte with Osram Sylvania leadership in front of the Hillboro Fire Department's new Ford F-150. From left to right: Hans Schwabe, CEO Specialty Lighting, OSRAM; Senator Ayotte; Jes Munk Hansen, President and CEO OSRAM Americas.
Ayotte Visits Schleuniger and Granite State Manufacturing in Manchester
In Manchester on Thursday, Senator Ayotte met with employees at Schleuniger, one of the leading manufacturers of high-precision cable-processing machines.
She also visited Granite State Manufacturing's Joliette Street facility where she saw
firsthand some of the company's innovative work in robotics. She also toured the company's manufacturing floor and met with workers.
Senator Ayotte in the demo room at Schleuniger.
Senator Ayotte with workers at Schleuniger's facility in Manchester.
Senator Ayotte touring Granite State Manufacturing.
Senator Ayotte test driving the Talon robot that can detect and disarm IEDs.
At Saint Anselm College, Ayotte Hosts Roundtable on Campus Sexual Assault
On Tuesday at Saint Anselm College, Senator Ayotte hosted a roundtale discussion
with college officials, students and local law enforcement officials to discuss bipartisan
legislation
she recently helped introduce to prevent campus sexual assault.
This meeting is the first in a series of discussions focused on this issue that Senator Ayotte will hold at colleges and universities throughout the state.
In July, Senator Ayotte joined Republican and Democratic senators in introducing the Campus Accountability and Safety Act, which is intended to prevent campus sexual assault and better support survivors, as available statistics show that approximately 19 percent of undergraduate women have been the victims of sexual assault. Because many crimes are not reported, that number could be substantially higher.
The bill includes major reforms to ensure greater coordination between schools and local law enforcement, aimed at making college campuses safer.
In Portsmouth, Ayotte Meets with Local Officials Regarding Drug Epidemic
On Friday in Portsmouth, Senator Ayotte hosted a roundtable discussion to solicit input from from local law enforcement personnel, first responders, and health care and treatment professionals regarding heroin, prescription drug, and synthetic drug abuse in the Seacoast region.
Ayotte has taken several steps in the Senate to support efforts to combat New Hampshire's growing drug epidemic - helping introduce bipartisan
legislation
to increase drug abuse prevention efforts, improve treatment for those struggling with addiction, and ensure law enforcement has greater access to tools to fight drug abuse.
She is also a cosponsor of
legislation
that would make it easier to prohibit synthetic drugs.
Ayotte Presses Pentagon on Funding Shortfall for Military Funerals
Army budget cuts threaten vets' funeral honor guards
By Gary Rayno
The Union Leader
October 10, 2014
CONCORD
- A veteran's funeral is a solemn occasion, made all the more so with a flagdraped casket and a military honor guard.
But the federal funding for New Hampshire's Army National Guard's Military Funeral Honors program has been reduced by more than half; the program is expected to run out of money after January.
"We understand that budgets are tight and we all will have to sacrifice, but cutting funding for military funerals is unacceptable," said Maj. Gen. William Reddel, adjutant general of the New Hampshire National Guard. "Federal law mandates we provide military funeral honors to those who, in times of war and peace, faithfully defended our nation."
Without the funding, the program "will be forced to turn down requests," Reddel said, adding: "We will do everything within our means to ensure that never happens."
...
U.S. Sen. Kelly Ayotte, R-N.H., wrote to Secretary of the Army John McHugh, who is responsible for supporting and funding the military honors program, expressing her concerns and asking him to address the funding shortfall.
She said the Army has a legal obligation to fully fund the program.
Ayotte said the Army's budget submission admits the budget cut for the honors program "will reduce the Army National Guard funeral honors teams' ability to perform Army and Department of Defense funeral honors missions," and notes "the immediate impact is that over 6,900 funeral honor missions will be unfulfi lled. This decrease will also impact ongoing funeral honor training for soldiers."
In her letter to McHugh, Ayotte wrote: "I understand that the Army is exploring ways to address the funding shortfall for the MFH program, and I support this effort. I request that you give this issue your high-level attention, and I ask that the Army provide me with an update as soon as possible."
Read more.
Ayottes Introduces Bipartisan Bill to Ensure National Guard and Reserve's Ability to Assist Victims of Sexual Assault
Senator Ayotte and Senator Amy Klobuchar (D-MN) have introduced a bipartisan bill to ensure the National Guard and Reserve's ability to assist victims of sexual assault. The Army recently released a directive expanding important legal services to certain victims of military sexual assault, but the directive fails to cover Guard members who become victims of sexual assault outside of their drill weekend or military duty. The National Guard and Reserve Access to Counsel Act would ensure survivors of sexual assault receive support services if there is any connection between the crime and their service. The bill would require the relevant service secretary to provide Special Victims Counsel to the member regardless of when the assault occurred.
"Our Guard members have been integral in defending our nation in every conflict," Ayotte said. "This bill would ensure that our Guard and Reserve members receive the same protections as all our men and women in uniform if they unfortunately are victims of sexual assault."
Read more.
Photos of the Week
Senator Ayotte stopped by Henniker Brewing Company and said hello to Ryan Maiola, Director of Marketing.
On Tuesday, Senator Ayotte met with leadership of the Visiting Nurse Association (VNA) of Manchester and Southern New Hampshire to hear their concerns and learn more about the challenges that home health agencies across the state are facing. From left to right: Karen Michel, CEO, Rockingham VNA and President, Home Care Association of New Hampshire; Gina Balkus, CEO, Home Care Association of New Hampshire; Senator Ayotte; and Jim Culhane, Director of Home Care and Personal Services, VNA of Manchester and
Southern New Hampshire.
CLICK HERE TO SHARE THIS NEWSLETTER
Warm Regards,
Kelly Ayotte
United States Senator
Email Kelly
Manchester Office
1200 Elm Street, Suite 2
Manchester, NH 03101 Phone:
603-622-7979
Nashua Office
144 Main Street
Nashua, NH 03060 Phone:
603-880-3335
North Country Office 19 Pleasant Street, Suite 13B
Berlin, NH 03570 Phone:
603-752-7702 Fax:
603-752-7704
Portsmouth Office
14 Manchester Square, Ste 140
Portsmouth, NH 03801 Phone:
603-436-7161
Washington, DC
144 Russell Senate Office Building
Washington, DC 20510
Phone:
202-224-3324
Email Kelly
|
ayotte.senate.gov
|
Unsubscribe
