DOCTYPE html PUBLIC '-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.0 Transitional//EN' 'http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml1/DTD/xhtml1-transitional.dtd'
Ebola Outbreak
October 23, 2014
Dear friends,
With kids settled into the school year and the early stages of flu season upon us, late October is always a time when families are trying to keep their loved ones healthy.
Over the course of the last several months, however, the headlines have been dominated by news of the Ebola epidemic ravaging countries in West Africa. This outbreak is unprecedented in the history of Ebola, and has sadly afflicted communities that are among the least capable of battling this virulent disease.
Most recently, Americans were rattled to learn that the first case of Ebola had been diagnosed within our borders. The eventual death of Thomas Eric Duncan, and the discovery of the diseases transmission to two brave health care workers at his Dallas area hospital, has left all of us questioning our preparedness and worrying for the safety of our families.
At more than 9,000 West African cases, and a mortality rate of over 50%, we need leadership now more than ever. This is a serious threat, but I am confident in the resolve of our military, health care professionals and the American people. We are up to the task, and together with colleagues in both chambers of Congress and on both sides of the aisle, I have taken action to keep folks in America safe.
Earlier this month I signed off on an additional $750 million for our men and women in uniform to fight the spread of Ebola in West Africa. Currently, our military is the only government agency capable of building treatment units and providing command and control with the necessary speed to halt this epidemic. That being said, I remain concerned for the safety and security of our uniformed personnel supporting this mission. Congress will continue to provide robust oversight throughout our troops deployment.
As for our national security here at home, I agree with many of my colleagues that we must quickly identify any and all procedural breakdowns in our health care system that led to two infections, and remedy them immediately. Additionally, it is imperative that we keep the screening of visa holders travelling from countries hardest hit by Ebola on the table as a viable option. Barring entry to the United States, or implementing mandatory quarantine of potentially infected individuals are also reasonable responses to such a dire threat.
Throughout the remainder of this Congress, you can be certain that I will continue to closely monitor the status of our troops in Africa, as well as the safety and readiness of our health care system. Should any legislation pertaining to restrictions on visas or air travel by those from afflicted regions reach the House floor for a vote, I will be sure to give it serious consideration.
Sincerely,
Congressman Buck McKeon
Social Media
OFFICE INFORMATION
WASHINGTON DC OFFICE
2310 Rayburn HOB
Washington, DC 20515
phone: 202-225-1956
SANTA CLARITA OFFICE
26650 The Old Road Suite 203
Santa Clarita, CA 91381
phone: 661-254-2111
PALMDALE OFFICE
1008 W. Ave M-14 Suite E
Palmdale, CA 93551
phone: 661-274-9688
Unsubscribe
-
Privacy Policy
Click Here Click Here