
If you are having trouble
viewing this message or would like to share it on a social network,
you can
view the message
online .
Home
About Louise
Serving You
Issues
25th District
Newsroom
Blog
Multimedia
Contact
Dear David,
Monroe County is about
to get a well-deserved makeover. This transformation includes the
construction of a new train station, the opening of College Town this
fall, the creation of the Inner Loop East from Monroe Avenue to Charlotte
Street, and the building of a new clinic for veterans. Heres a quick
look at
each.
NEW TRAIN
STATION : I have been a big advocate for updating our countys
transportation infrastructure and I am glad that we are nearing a
ground-breaking for a new, fully ADA compliant Intermodal Transportation
Center in Rochester. After 35 years of using a temporary Amtrak station,
the people of Rochester are getting the high-quality transportation
system that they deserve. Funding this construction has been an uphill
battle, but Rochester has been awarded $15 million TIGER grant from the
U.S. Department of Transportation to make this project possible.
Accessible, safe, and high-quality transportation is exactly what our
Intermodal Transportation Center will bring, and I cannot wait for it to
become a reality for
Rochester.
COLLEGE TOWN:
College Town, located at the intersection of
Mount Hope and Elmwood Avenue, combines shopping, dining, working,
hospitality, and living all in one place. Made possible by federal new
market tax credits,this center of activity will be booming with people from
the surrounding colleges, hospitals, and Rochestarians of all
stripes. College Town will offer a 2-level Barnes and Noble
bookstore,Constantinos, a 20,000 square foot market offering fresh produce, meats,
seafood, and prepared foods, and much, much more. College Town also
brings a Hilton Garden Inn Hotel, 50,000 square feet of office space and
140 new apartments. I have no doubt that College Town will be humming in
no
time.
THE INNER
LOOP:
I am particularly excited about the development of the Inner Loop
East. Back in August of 2013, then-Mayor Tom Richards and I announced
a $17.7 million TIGER Grant (Transportation Investment Generating
Economic Recovery) from the U.S. Department of Transportation to
transform the Inner Loop. This project will provide the sustainable economic
growth that we need and a newly revitalized downtown. This new project
will extend the Inner Loop from Monroe Avenue to Charlotte Street and
will create commercial and residential spaces, boulevards with wide
sidewalks, and bicycle lanes, which is good all around: for bicyclists,
walkers, drivers, and the
environment
NEW VETERANS CLINIC:
Within the greater Rochester
area, we have an astounding 70,000 veteransabout 1 in 15. They are men,
women, young, and old,
and they deserve the best care that
modern medicine can provide.
After a decade at war, and given the
increasing rates of Post-Traumatic Stress Disorder (PTSD) and Traumatic
Brain Injuries (TBI) seen in returning service members, it is
especially important that the VA focus its resources and efforts to address the
mental health needs of our veterans. Last year, we found that the
Canandaigua and Rochester VA facilities had no beds for acute psychiatric
care and were forced to transfer172 veterans
to Albany,
Syracuse, and Buffalo for inpatient acute psychiatric care. Thats
unacceptable. Our veterans need the best care, and they need it close to home. I
am calling on the Veterans Administration to expedite a contracting
proposal to ensure that Canandaigua VA clinic can provide access to
acute psychiatric
care.
But, we must go further
and make certain that the new $16 million VA outpatient facility
thats being built here in Rochester specifically considers the need
for acute psychiatric care. Ive been pushing Veterans Affair
Secretary Robert McDonald on this, and I will continue to do so until Im
certain that this new 84,000-square-foot facility will be
prepared.
As you can see, our community will be going
through a lot of important changes. Investments like these provide
jobs, bring in new businesses, improve the quality of life, and
revitalize the community.
Im excited, and I hope you are, too.
Best,
Rochester
Office
3120 Federal Building
100 State
Street
Rochester, NY 14614
Phone: (585) 232-4850
Fax: (585)
232-1954
Washington D.C.
Office
2469 Rayburn HOB
Washington, D.C.
20515
Phone: (202) 225-3615
Fax: (202) 225-7822
Unsubscribe
|
Update My Profile
|
Privacy
Policy
gateway
mail end 