
If you are having trouble viewing
this message or would like to share it on a social network, you can
view the message
online .
HOME
NEWS
SERVICES
LEGISLATION
CONTACT
October 20, 2014
Ebola Outbreak
The Ebola
outbreak in West Africa and the subsequent cases of infection here in the
United States have raised a tremendous amount of concern, fear and
confusion. Theres no doubt that the threat to our nations public health
is real. Theres also no denying that the United States is better
prepared than any other nation to address this challenge here at home and
provide medical infrastructure, knowledge and aid to the people of
West Africa.
Since this crisis
began, my staff and I have been monitoring the situation and focused on
determining what would be the best course of action for the country
to take. The events of the past few weeks
with the arrival of an
infected individual into the United States and then the subsequent
infection of now two health care personnel
make it clear that current
procedures and execution of our nations prevention and response systems
have been inadequate.
In
response, the White House announced last week that the president has
appointed a new "czar" to head up the government's efforts to combat the
spread of Ebola. Sadly, he chose a political operative rather than a
health care expert to lead his administrations response to an outbreak
of a deadly disease.
Meanwhile, we have called for every agency involved, as well as health care
personnel across the country, to put in place procedures to determine
where a breakdown in protection and prevention could occur and do what
is necessary to mitigate future failures. Part of that effort
ought to focus on a plan to deny entry to those traveling from the nations
where this outbreak began and introducing a period of quarantine for
those suspected of having been exposed to this deadly
disease.
Ultimately, the best way to slow and
eventually halt the spread of Ebola is to build up the capacity in
West Africa to defeat this outbreak at its source. The United States is
playing the leading role in an international effort to solve this
crisis. As we apply our expertise and capabilities abroad, we need to
ensure we are asking the tough questions and making the necessary
corrections here at home to protect the American
people.
Please Feel Free to Tell a
Friend E-mail:
E-mail: E-mail:
Share on Facebook Share on Twitter
Washington DC Office
100 Cannon House Office Building
Washington DC 20515
Phone:
202-225-4501
Fax: 202-225-4656
District Office:
85-C Mill Street, Suite 300
Roswell, GA 30075
Phone:
770-998-0049
Fax: 770-998-0050
Internet:
Web:
http://tomprice.house.gov
E-mail:
E-mail Tom by clicking here
Unsubscribe
|
Update My
Profile
|
Privacy Policy
gateway mail
end 