
Unsubscribe
|
Forward to a Friend
|
Having trouble Viewing this Email?
NEWSLETTER SIGN UP
Email:
First Name:
Last N ame
Yes, I would like to receive
the Civility Corner
Yes, I would like to receive
EC From DC
PUTTING PEOPLE BACK TO WORK
This week, I was very pleased to announce that the Office of Family Assistance within the Department of Health and Human Services (HHS) awarded $1 million to the Full Employment Council (FEC) of Kansas City, as a 21st Century HealthCare Works Program grant project.
I am thrilled that the Full Employment Council is receiving this grant. The work they do to help put Kansas Citians back to work is essential to the health and wellbeing of so many families. These funds will aid job seekers through training and placement services, putting dedicated individuals back to work. We need these efforts here, in Missouri&rsquo;s Fifth District, and all around the country.
The Full Employment Council operates as a business-led private non-profit corporation, serving residents in Cass, Clay, Jackson, Platte, and Ray Counties by assisting both job seekers and employers. The Council offers career counseling and goal guidance to job seekers, as well as best hiring practices and all-encompassing recruiting and screening aid for businesses and organizations looking to hire. In 2013 the FEC assisted nearly 50,000 people looking for employment and aided companies in hiring more than 25,000 people. More information about the Full Employment Council and the services it provides may be found
here .
KEEPING EDUCATION ACCESSIBLE
In order to expand the middle-class and ensure that America remains competitive globally, our nation must invest in our schools, strengthen workforce development programs, and hold down the cost of higher education. Let&rsquo;s not cut critical investments in education and workforce development. Instead, let&rsquo;s ensure that more Missourians, and more Americans have the opportunity to obtain the education and skills training they need to succeed.
The cost of a college degree has increased twelve-fold over the past thirty years. As the cost of higher education continues to increase, my colleagues and I are focused on passing the &ldquo;Bank on Students Emergency Refinancing Act,&rdquo; which would help Americans refinance their college loans to new, lower rates, and increase access to Pell Grants for higher education. I&rsquo;m a cosponsor of this legislation because I believe it could make a big difference in students&rsquo; lives. This bill would allow those with outstanding student loan debt to refinance at the lower interest rates currently offered to new borrowers.
HONORING VETERANS WITHIN OUR COMMUNITY
Director Kent Hill Retires
This week, I attended the retirement reception for Kansas City VA Medical Center Director, Kent Hill.
Director Hill will long be remembered for his unselfish public service as a transformational leader with an open door policy.
In honor of his service I presented Director Hill with a Congressional Statement recognizing his work and a United States Flag flown over the Capitol on Air Force Day.
Since his appointment as director in 2002 for the Kansas City VA Medical Center he managed an operating budget of approximately $260,000,000, approximately 1,500 employees and providing healthcare services to more than 45,000 Veterans.
As the war in Iraq and Afghanistan evolved, he continued to modernize the hospital, maintain service to all of our veterans while coping with a new generation of veterans with mental and physical ailments
that required his staff to be educated to their symptoms and needs.
The hospital saw an increase in women veterans and he was responsive to their concerns.
He had the added responsibility of opening and overseeing clinical program, including five Community Based Outpatient Clinics, and the new Honor Annex.
In addition the Kansas City VA Medical Center has a vibrant research and outreach program.
His accessibility to our veterans and his professional and respectful attention to their suggestions and concerns have earned him a great deal of respect from our veterans.
As a member of Congress,
I always knew he would provide a concise and accurate response to my concerns.
He will be missed and his legacy will have a lasting effect on the operations at our Kansas City VA Medical Center.
Best wishes for a happy retirement!
Congressman presents Robert M. Hopson military medals posthumously to his widow, Diane Hopson.
Recently, I was contacted by Diane Hopson with a request for her husband&rsquo;s medals for her family.
Mr. Robert M. Hopson, her late husband, served continuously from 1946 to 1955 and it was an honor for me to present her with the following medals that honor his service. The medals included: Good Conduct Medal; World War II Victory Medal: Army of Occupation Medal with Germany clasp; National Defense Service Medal; Korean Service Medal with 2 bronze service stars; United Nations Service Medal; Honorable Service Lapel Button WWII; Sharpshooter Badge with Rifle Bar.
It is always an honor to recognize and remember the selfless sacrifice who served to keep our country &ldquo;the land of the brave and the home of the brave.&rdquo;
CONGRATULATIONS TO OUR BLUE RIBBON SCHOOLS
This Tuesday, U. S. Secretary of Education, Arne Duncan recognized
337
public and private schools across the country as National Blue Ribbon Schools for 2014. In its 32-year history, the
National Blue Ribbon Schools Program
has bestowed this coveted award on just under 7,900 of America's schools. Eight schools in Missouri were recognized, and two are in Missouri&rsquo;s Fifth District. Lincoln College Preparatory Academy in Kansas City and Our Lady of the Presentation Catholic School in Lee&rsquo;s Summit were one of a select few to receive this honor.
The National Blue Ribbon Schools Program recognizes public and private elementary, middle, and high schools based on their overall academic excellence or their progress in closing achievement gaps among student subgroups. Every year the U. S. Department of Education seeks out and celebrates great American schools, schools demonstrating that all students can achieve to high levels.
The National Blue Ribbon School award affirms the hard work of students, educators, families, and communities in creating safe and welcoming schools where students master challenging content. The National Blue Ribbon School flag gracing an entry or flying overhead is a widely recognized symbol of exemplary teaching and learning.
Emanuel
Cleaver, II
Member of
Congress
Kansas City Office
101 W 31st St.
Kansas City, MO 64108
Phone: 816-842-4545
Fax: 816-471-5215
Independence Office
211 West Maple Avenue
Independence, MO 64050
Phone: 816-833-4545
Fax: 816-833-2991
Higginsville Office
1923 Main St.
Higginsville, MO 64037
Phone: 660-584-7373
Fax: 660-584-7227
Washington Office
2335 Rayburn HOB
Washington, D.C. 20515
Phone: 202-225-4535
Fax: 202-225-4403
