
Miller Newsletter
October 12, 2014
In the News
VA's Proposed Removal of Four VA Senior Executives
Reports emerged last week of the U.S. Department of Veterans Affairs proposed firing of four senior executives after investigations by VA's Office of Inspector General and Office of Accountability Review.. Quite simply, any VA administrator who purposely manipulated appointment data, covered up problems, retaliated against whistleblowers or who was involved in malfeasance that harmed veterans must be fired. What concerns me is that VAs implementation of the
Veterans Access, Choice and Accountability Act of 2014
may be interfering with this concept. By creating an added appeals process in which VA employees are given advance notice of the departments plans to fire them, VA appears to be giving failing executives an opportunity to quit, retire or find new jobs without consequence
something we have already seen happen in recent weeks.
Right now, it's incumbent on all of VA's external watchdogs
Congress, the press and the American public
to maintain pressure on the department until those who created VAs problems receive the accountability they are due. This is the only way veterans and families struck by the VA scandal can get the closure they deserve. If any current laws or regulations are impeding the departments ability to swiftly hold employees accountable, VA leaders must work with Congress so those laws and regulations can be changed.
On October 8, I appeared on Fox &amp; Friends to discuss this issue with Fox News' Brian Kilmeade.
To view the clip, click on the image below.
Click on the image above to view my October 8 Fox &amp; Friends interview with Fox News' Brian Kilmeade.
U.S. Supreme Court Refuses to Hear Same-Sex Marriage Cases
I was disappointed to hear that the U.S. Supreme Court has chosen not to take up any of the many petitions to review cases related to same-sex marriage in several states in this term. This is an important question that the Supreme Court should weigh in on. As a result of the Supreme Courts decision to not even hear these cases, same-sex marriage will now be legal in 11 states due to lower-court decisions overturning state-passed same-sex marriage bans. These lower court decisions overturn the clear will of the people of these states, and it is only appropriate that the highest court in the land weigh in on the issue. I firmly believe that marriage is a union between a man and a woman, and I have consistently cosponsored legislation that protects the sanctity of marriage and will continue to stand up in support of its defense.
News Radio 1620
To listen to additional coverage of my October 3 interview with
News Radio 1620's
Andrew McKay, important timely issues not covered in my October 5 newsletter, including: the VA, the future of the military in Northwest Florida, our national deficit, and Edward Snowden and the National Security Agency, click on the image below.
Click on the image above to listen to Congressman Miller's October 3 Interview with News Radio 1620's Andrew McKay.
Miller Media Clips
To read some recent press clips highlighting my work on behalf of Florida's First
Congressional District and our Nations veterans and servicemembers, click on the links below:
Scrutiny over latest VA firings likely just the start
Congress should pass veterans suicide prevention bill
Special Report | VA Dishonest On Holding Executives Accountable
Rep. Jeff Miller: 'Fired' VA Execs Getting Off Easy
Four VA execs targeted for termination, but no one has actually been fired yet
Veterans Affairs Fires Four Senior OfficialsOr Maybe Three
VA bonuses may be tied to phony records
Skepticism from Congress on VA firings
Chairman expresses concern over VA's implementation of employee accountability process
VA Moves to Ax 4 Senior Execs in Scandal Response
VA chief moves to fire two top officials with ties to scandals
Veterans Affairs IG missed wait-time scandal's warning signs for a decade
VA under scrutiny even when Congress is out
Veterans Secretary Wants VA Whistleblowers
Veterans Corner
The American Veterans Disabled for Life Memorial
Our brave servicemen and women deploy into harms way, risking life and limb in defense of our great Nation. Sadly, millions of them have returned to fight another battle here at home with permanent disabilities. Last weekend, I was honored to witness the first national memorial dedicated to these brave men and women. This memorial, located near the U.S. Capitol, is a place where all Americans can come and reflect upon the human cost of freedom and the eternal hope and tenacity displayed by our disabled veterans. It reminds us that while they may be disabled physically, the indomitable spirit of our disabled veterans will never waver.
Congressman Miller with 93-year old WWII Veteran Stephen Sherman from California
In the District
7th Special Forces Group (Airborne) Valor Awards Ceremony
&amp; Visit with Eglin Firefighters
One of the highlights of my job is to visit with our brave servicemembers and veterans from all parts of the country.
Last week, soldiers of the 7th Special Forces Group stationed right here in the First District of Florida were formally recognized for their distinguished acts of heroism.
These courageous soldiers deploy into harms way and ask nothing in return, but it is very important to recognize such meritorious service.
I was humbled to shake the hands of those honored for their valor and bravery, and I thank them for exemplifying the best of what our great Nation has to offer.
I also had the opportunity to meet Eglin firefighters and thank these first-responders for their brave and dedicated service to Eglin and the surrounding community.
Congressman Miller with Lieutenant Fabian Deleon, Firefighter Justin Heinen, Firefighter Michael Parkins, Lieutenant Jon Stenstad, Captain Joe Laethem (L-R)
Walton County Farm Family of the Year
Vicki and I enjoyed visiting the Walton County Fair last Thursday, and I was pleased to recognize and congratulate the Collinsworth family, upon being selected as the
2014 Walton County Farm Family of the Year . The Collinsworth family traces its Northwest Florida roots to 1894, where their ancestors settled near the small community of Gaskin.
Today, the Collinsworth family farm in Westville, owned by Bobby and Hazel Collinsworth, comprises three generations of farmers, including their son-in-law and grandchildren of the Currid family, each of whom play an integral role in the farming operations. Since 1924, Bobby and Hazel Collinsworth have worked tirelessly to cultivate their farm to the successful operation it is today, raising 129 crossbred cows and 16 registered Simmental cows. The Walton County Farm Family of the Year Award is a true reflection of the Collinsworths family dedication to family and farming and their shared passion for ranching and caring for the land for future generations to come.
Congressman Miller presenting the Congressional Record to the
Collinsworth Family.
Jordan Currid, Phillip Currid, Taylor Beck, Hazel Collinsworth, Bobby Collinsworth, Congressman Miller,
Mike Goodchild (L-R).
Photo courtesy of UF/IFAS Extension Walton County.
Commemorating Manufacturing Appreciation Month
I was also pleased to visit Armstrong World Industries in Pensacola to tour their facilities and celebrate Manufacturing Appreciation Month.
Manufacturing is a key component of our economy, representing approximately 12.5 percent of our GDP and supporting nearly 18 million jobs, including about 15,000 direct jobs here in Northwest Florida.
As a proponent of low taxes and limited government, I believe that the best way to support our manufacturing sector is by supporting free trade and getting government out of the way to allow our Nations companies and entrepreneurs to innovate and grow.
I am proud to represent so many world-class manufacturing companies and workers in Congress, and I will continue to fight for commonsense conservative legislation that supports manufacturing here in Northwest Florida and around the country.
Baptist Hospital MAYO Clinic Mobile Exhibit
I had the opportunity to visit Baptist Hospital last week.
As part of the Mayo Clinic Care Network, Baptist Hospital hosted an interactive 1,000-square-foot mobile exhibit commissioned by the Mayo Clinic to travel the country and share the 150 year history of the Mayo Clinic.
We are blessed to have several world-class medical facilities in Northwest Florida, and I thank the Baptist Hospital team for their hard work serving our community and for inviting me to see the Mayo Clinic mobile exhibit.
Congressman Miller with Mr. Scott Raynes (Sr. VP Baptist); Mr. Brian Matson (Sr. VP Baptist); and Ms. Lori Rice (Mayo Clinic) (L-R)
Upcoming Mobile Office Days in Navarre and Milton - Wednesday, October 22
In order to better serve the needs of constituents who are not close to the Pensacola or Fort Walton Beach offices, special mobile office days modeled after veterans assistance days have been established to better serve our growing population in Northwest Florida. I am pleased to announce upcoming office hours that will be held Wednesday, October 22. My staff will be available to answer questions about problems with federal agencies or other issues affecting the First Congressional District at the following locations and times: 9:30 a.m.
11:00 a.m. at the Navarre Beach Area Chamber of Commerce (8543 Navarre Parkway in Navarre) and 1:30 p.m.
3:00 p.m. at the Santa Rosa County Chamber of Commerce (5247 Stewart Street in Milton).
Washington Update
Deepwater Horizon Oil Spill $627 Million Gulf Spill Restoration Plan Approved
The Deepwater Horizon Oil Spill Natural Resource Trustees, which comprises representatives from the U.S. Department of Interior, U.S. Department of Commerce, U.S. Department of Agriculture, U.S. Environmental Protection Agency, along with the five affected states, Alabama, Florida, Louisiana, Mississippi, and Texas, issued its
Record of Decision for the Final Programmatic and Phase III Early Restoration Plan and Early Restoration Programmatic Environmental Impact Statement . The
restoration plan
includes 44 projects across the Gulf Coast, totaling an estimated $627 million of the $1 billion BP settlement dedicated to early restoration.
Based on the projects identified, approximately 63 percent targets ecological losses, while the remaining 37 percent focuses on lost recreational services.
Implementing these projects, while it is not the final step, is a huge next step in the process of helping to repair the damage caused and to ensure those affected by the spill are made whole.
To view the list of projects, including the 30 projects located in Florida, please click
here .
As always, I welcome your comments. To share your thoughts on legislation, votes or issues, please visit http://jeffmiller.house.gov/ to send an e-mail or call any of my offices.
Thanks,
Jeff
Click Here
to view this email in your browser
Click Here
to be removed from this list