
If you are having trouble
viewing this message or would like to share it on a social network, you
can
view the message
online .
HOME
CONTACT US
ISSUES
LEGISLATION
October 19, 2014
Dear
David,
The current Ebola outbreak merits an equally serious
security response from our government. This week, I have been working with
lawmakers in the House to introduce legislation to impose a travel ban
between the United States and Ebola-stricken areas as well as suspend
the issuance of visas for travel to the U.S. from affected countries
until this virus is declared no longer a threat. You can read my
statement
here .
While I was happy to see the
President finally address this issue, the fact is that this
administration has failed to take even the most common sense steps to protect
the health and safety of U.S. citizens. Americans need to be assured
that their government is taking any and every action to eradicate the
spread of this disease, and banning air travel from at-risk countries is
one of the most basic measures that should have been taken weeks
ago.
As I continue to urge action on these responsible measures,
be assured that I am
resolved to cease the spread of this virus
and to keep our people safe both those on our soil, and the medical
and military personnel providing assistance on the front lines. The
safety of the American people is my priority, and I believe it is my
primary responsibility as your Congressman.
Please take a
moment share your thoughts below. I value your perspective, and I want to
hear from you. I am here to serve you, so please reach out with any
questions, concerns, or thoughts that you
have.
Sincerely,
Are you pleased with the U.S. Governments response to the Ebola
outbreak? Yes.
No. Need More Information. Do you believe President Obama
has taken appropriate and necessary leadership in the midst of this
crisis? Yes. No. Need More Information. Which is your greater
concern? The U.S. governments
international response to Ebola. The U.S. governments domestic response to Ebola Need More
Information. One spokesman from
Department of Homeland Securitys Health Division stated in a briefing this
past week, Security does not begin or end at our nations borders.
What role do you think the U.S. government has in this international
Ebola crisis?
The U.S. should continue to send supplies, medical volunteers, and U.S.
troops to West Africa The U.S. should work to coordinate a coalition of countries to
donate funds and resources to West Africa The U.S. should concentrate on protecting
its citizens domestically, before assisting countries with an Ebola
breakout. Need
More Information. The Centers for Disease Control and Prevention (CDC) is
implementing screenings at the five airports handling 94% of travelers from
Liberia, Sierra Leone and Guinea. CDC screens passengers from those
countries by taking their temperatures, asking them a series of questions,
and looking for signs of Ebola. What do you believe the U.S. policy
towards travel should be during this crisis? Expand the current screenings from five to
all 20 airports in the United States where tourists, international
workers and businesses leaders from West Africa arrive. Require screenings for both
domestic and international flights. Suspend visas to non-U.S. citizens. Quarantine those with symptoms
for longer periods of time. Increase security at our southern border. Close all U.S.
borders. Implement a travel ban
for persons from the affected countries. I am pleased with the travel policy as is.
Need More
Information. Do
you support calls for a complete travel ban for commercial flights to
and from Ebola-stricken countries in West Africa? Yes. No. Need
More Information. The administration is using $750 million in funding for US
military fighting Ebola in the West African countries affected by the
outbreak. This $750 million check covers a six-month mission cost outlined
by the Pentagon, the military's Ebola spending rate works out to
about $28 million a week, and is enough to build up to 17 Ebola treatment
centers and set up a logistical operation to deploy medical personnel
and supplies across the three countries most affected, Liberia, Guinea
and Sierra Leone. Do you believe this an appropriate use of federal
funds? Yes.
No. Need More Information. If not, how do you believe this
funding should be allocated instead? Heightened security at airports Closing all U.S.
borders Provide military
transportation instead of commercial transportation to impacted
areas Research a cure for
Ebola Dont spend
the money at all, we cant afford it Need More Information. Do you have any additional
thoughts or concerns? *By
answering this survey, you are subscribing to my newsletter. If
you are having trouble, click here.
Wasteful Government Spending Item of the
Week
California High-Speed Train Program
ARRA Grant
Cost
$2,552,556,231
Department
U.S.
Department of
Transportation
Summary
Engineering and
environmental analysis for the early phase(s) of the California High-Speed Train
System, as well as station area planning, and construction of the
initial Central Valley
section
Reason for Funding
With $10.1
billion in federal funding available through the High-Speed Intercity
Passenger Rail Program, this grant is one of the many designed to lay
the foundation for the 21 st
century passenger rail
network.
Source
Department of
Transportation
E-mail
Updates
Yes, please periodically send me e-mail
updates.*
*By subscribing to
my
e-mail updates, you are authorizing me to send regular e-mail
updates from my office to your e-mail account.
Share
on Facebook
Tell a Friend
E-mail:
Resources and Tools to Stay Informed
Below are some
resources and tools to keep up to date on the Ebola
epidemic.
Click here
for the latest Ebola
virus updates (CDC)
Click here
for a
list of ways the virus is transmitted (CDC)
Click here
for a list of prevention tips
(CDC)
Click here
for a record of current and past
outbreaks (CDC)
Click here
for a list
of treatments (CDC)
If you are
interested in volunteering your time and your resources to help combat
Ebola, please check out how to get involved
here.
Washington D.C. Office
506 Cannon HOB
Washington,
DC 20515
Phone: 202-225-3076
Fax: (202) 226-0552
Oroville District
Office
1453
Downer Street,Suite A
Oroville, CA
95965
Phone: (530) 534-7100
Fax: (530) 534-7800
Redding District Office
2885 Churn Creek
Rd.,
Suite C
Redding, CA 96002
Phone: (530) 223-5898
Fax: (530) 605-4339
Auburn District
Office
13626 New Airport Rd.,
Ste 106
Auburn, CA 95602
Phone: (530) 878-5035
Fax: (530)
878-5037
Unsubscribe
|
Update My Profile
|
Privacy Policy
