
Miller Newsletter
September 28, 2014
In the News
Airstrikes Commence on ISIL Targets in Syria
This week the U.S., along with coalition forces including some Arab nation allies, commenced airstrikes on ISIL targets in Syria.
The primary targets were mobile oil refineries operated by ISILwhich have produced an estimated $2 million per day for the terrorist organizationand ISIL fighting positions and command and control units.
The President announced that the strikes were also successful in targeting the so-called Khorasan group, a lesser-known but dangerous faction consisting of veteran al Qaeda operatives whose focus is attacks on the West.
While I question the assistance of the 40 countries President Obama has stated as having joined the coalition against ISIL, I am encouraged by the five Arab nations which have thus far assisted in the efforts to stem ISILs influence in the region.
My thoughts and prayers go out to the brave men and women in uniform who are currently in harms way, as they seek to push back the momentum gained by ISIL in recent months.
U.S. Attorney General Eric Holder Resigns
Last Thursday, Attorney General Eric Holder, Jr., the 82nd Attorney General of the United States, announced his resignation. While not uncommon for a cabinet secretary to resign before carrying out duties to the end of a presidents term, Attorney General Holder is one of the longest-serving members of President Obamas Cabinet.
President George Washington wrote in a letter to the United States first Attorney General, Edmund Randolph, in 1789 stating, The due administration of justice is the firmest pillar of good Government. Though Attorney General Holder would like to remembered most for his efforts on advancing the civil rights movement, he will undoubtedly be remembered by many for his actions and those of the Department that have undermined the U.S. Constitution throughout his nearly six years as our Nations top law enforcer.
This disregard for the Constitution, especially from our Nations top law enforcement official, is inexcusable and led to him becoming the first U.S. Attorney General and Presidential cabinet member in history to be held in both criminal and civil contempt of Congress.
While a successor has yet to be named, the 83rd Attorney General of the United States will take on the task of restoring the confidence between the American people and our Nations Department of Justice.
Miller Media Clips
To read some recent press clips highlighting my work on behalf of Florida's First
Congressional District and our Nations veterans and servicemembers, click on the links below:
Accountability at VA Apparently Means Firing Someone Who Has Already Retired
The Small Detail the VA Left Out After Announcing It Might Finally Fire Someone
VA Told Congress Its Firing Official Who Already Announced His Retirement
Retaliation claims rise sharply at VA
Ex-Augusta VA director paid $76k, retired after death investigation launched
Former Augusta VA director paid $76,000 to retire after death investigation launched
A Vet's Appeal for His TBI Claim Goes Unanswered
Veterans Beat: New VA Secretary Robert A. McDonald promises change
Doctor Says Report on Phoenix VA Hospital is a Whitewash
Veterans Affairs office in Roanoke reduces wait times for benefits
VA boss declines requests to retain Gulf War panelists
Lawmaker Wants VA Investigations Expanded to DC
Washington Update
Government Accountability Offices New Report on Abortion Coverage in Obamacare
As a staunch pro-life supporter, I was outraged to see the recent report by the Government Accountability Office (GAO) finding that the Administration has failed to prevent taxpayer funds from being used to pay for abortions in insurance plans offered on Obamacare exchanges.
Since 1976, the Hyde Amendment has barred taxpayer dollars from being used to fund abortions, with limited exceptions only for cases of rape, incest, or where the life of the mother is endangered.
I, and millions of Americans, find it unconscionable for the government to spend taxpayer money on abortions.
President Obama understood how important respecting this issue was, directly promising the American people, in front of a Joint Session of Congress convened to discuss his health care proposal, Under our plan, no federal dollars will be used to fund abortions, and federal conscience laws will remain in place.
In fact, statutory language was included in Obamacare to require a separate payment for abortion coverage, so that taxpayer funds would not be used to subsidize abortions, and Executive Order No. 13535 was issued to "establish an adequate enforcement mechanism to ensure that federal funds are not used for abortion services (except in cases of rape or incest, or when the life of the woman would be endangered)."
Yet, GAO found that abortions are being paid for with taxpayer funds by more than 1,000 exchange plans across the country.
And this only covers the 18 insurers that GAO studied, all but one of which were not billing separately for abortion coverage.
The Administration needs to fix this immediately, and the Senate should take up the House-passed bill, H.R.7, the
No Taxpayer Funding for Abortion Act and Abortion Insurance Full Disclosure Act , which would further the Hyde Amendment by prohibiting taxpayer funds from being used to fund any abortion whatsoever, prohibiting taxpayer funds from being used for any health benefits coverage that includes coverage of abortion, and prohibiting any health plan that includes coverage of abortion from being eligible for Obamacare subsidies.
This GAO report is an appalling revelation that yet another of the Presidents Obamacare promises is being broken, and the American people can have little confidence that any of the Presidents Obamacare promises will be upheld.
EPA Withdraws Numeric Nutrient Criteria (NNC) Federal Standards
As a strong supporter of states rights, I believe that regulations are most effective when important decisions are left to state and local authorities who are best placed to work with local stakeholders to create plans that work for everyone.
While we have seen a troubling trend of federal agencies looking to infringe on state authority in a number of different issues, I was pleased to see one important area where the EPA has taken a step back to allow Floridians to manage our water bodies.
In 2010, EPA issued a rule relating to numeric nutrient criteria (NNC) for Floridas rivers and lakes. This decision was based not on science, but was simply a response to litigation from outside groups. In fact, the Florida Department of Environmental Protection (FDEP) has one of the Nations best track records when it comes to states protecting their own waters, and they had been working on their own NNC rules well before this EPA ruling came down. I, along with colleagues in the Florida Congressional Delegation and Floridians across the state, immediately objected to EPAs ruling, and now, nearly four years later, EPA is finally set to withdraw this misguided rule and allow FDEP to move forward with NNC that work for Florida.
Constituent Voice
As the House continues its work to address our broken tax code and some of the currently lapsed tax extenders, I continue to hear from constituents on a range of tax issues, including preserving the mortgage interest deduction and the deduction for state and local property taxes, as well as extending and making permanent the sales tax deduction.
Currently, individuals are permitted to deduct, up to $1 million, the amount of interest paid on the mortgage on a primary or secondary residence and up to $100,000 for the interest paid on home equity debt. In addition, individuals may also fully deduct state and local property taxes from their total federal taxable income. As a former Realtor, I agree that these deductions may encourage homeownership and ease the burden of owning a home by establishing greater financial security for families by reducing their tax liabilities.
With regards to state sales tax deductions, in addition to the beauty of the Emerald Coast, Florida's tax structure, with no-state income tax, attracts individuals, businesses, and retirees to live and work in Northwest Florida. The current tax code includes a permanent federal tax deduction for state income taxes, but excludes a permanent deduction for state sales tax. Though Congress has recognized the inequity in the tax code and has temporarily extended this important deduction four times, the state and local sales tax deduction once again expired at the end of 2013. In addition to cosponsoring legislation to make the state and local sales tax deduction permanent in the tax code, Ialong with 61 of my bipartisan colleagues in the Houserecently sent a letter to the leadership of the House Committee on Ways and Means encouraging them to act swiftly and include an extension of the state and local sales tax deduction in any tax extenders package that the Committee may consider this year. More than 20 percent of our Nations population resides in states which do not have a state income tax, and I believe these individuals should be able to deduct the amount they pay in state sales taxes from their federal tax burden. I can assure you that I will continue to work with my colleagues to ensure that residents of states with no income tax are not penalized because of their states preferred tax structure.
In the District
125 Anniversary of the Greater Pensacola Chamber of Commerce
Last week, the Greater Pensacola Chamber of Commerce celebrated its 125th Anniversary. The Chambers impressive history goes back 125 years to its first meeting on September 16, 1889, where a small group of business leaders got together at the Pensacola Opera House to form the Pensacola Chamber of Commerce. The Chamber quickly proved its worth to the community, helping to grow the Port of Pensacola into the largest in Florida by 1900.
By that time, the Chamber had also established a strong military affairs component, linking the Pensacola area business community to Northwest Floridas growing military installations. In fact, the Chambers leadership helped lobby for new defense activities during the 1898 Spanish-American War. Over the years, the Chamber has served as a key component driving Pensacolas transition from a small Navy Yard to the Cradle of Naval Aviation.
Meanwhile, thanks to our areas impressive population and economic growth, the entire Pensacola area grew from a small town with no paved roads and few utilities to a world-class city that is home to tens of thousands of residents, countless successful businesses, and millions of visitors.
Today, the Greater Pensacola Chamber of Commerce has more than 1,200 members and it works on a daily basis to help bring world-class economic development projects to benefit Northwest Floridas businesses and citizens. Im proud to congratulate the chamber on its incredibly successful 125 year history and look forward to our continued work over the years to come.
Dedication of the Walter Francis Spence Parkway
Earlier this year, the Florida State Legislature enacted a law naming the newly created parkway linking Mid-Bay Bridge, Highway 20, and Highway 85 after the late Walter Walt Francis Spence, Jr.
Walt was a true American patriot, entrepreneur, community leader, and family man, who was at the forefront as a leader in the military affairs community and Northwest Florida civic society for more than 50 years.
A native of Northwest Florida, Walt served our Nation during World War II, before successful careers as a civil servant at Eglin and in the defense industry.
In 1973, Walt began a second career as a small business owner and entrepreneur, and his leadership and experience helped protect and grow our local military missions and economy.
The Walter Francis Smith Parkway, which was dedicated last Tuesday, is a worthy tribute to the work and legacy of a great Northwest Floridian.
As always, I welcome your comments. To share your thoughts on legislation, votes or issues, please visit http://jeffmiller.house.gov/ to send an e-mail or call any of my offices.
Thanks,
Jeff
Click Here
to view this email in your browser
Click Here
to be removed from this list