
HOME
|
About Mike
|
Contact YOUR Office
|
Serving You
|
Newsroom
|
Legislative Work
|
4th District
|
Resources
WEBSITE
| SHARE ON:
Greetings,
Our military is the best in the world.
I get to see it personally every time I visit one of Kansas's great military facilities.
Just this past week, I went to Fort Riley to visit with some of our warriors and speak to them about their job of keeping America safe.
As you know, 500 soldiers from Fort Riley's Big Red One have been deployed to Iraq to advise and assist our coalition partners in the fight against ISIS.
This is a crucial mission:
Radical Islamic terrorists have recruited heavily in the West, stolen military assets, and even taken over oilfields in their quest to expand control over the Middle East.
We need to stop them before they begin to export their brand of terrorism to the United States and elsewhere.
This effort would not be possible without the training and preparations made by the warriors at this world-class facility.
I took an aerial tour of Fort Riley's world-class facilities with my West Point classmate, now Deputy Commander of the Big Red One, Brigadier General Eric Wesley.
Brigadier General Eric Wesley, the Deputy Commanding General and Acting Senior Commander of the 1 st
Infantry Division, and I spoke a great deal about recent upgrades to the mission training complex on base as well as the new military hospital.
General Wesley and I both graduated from West Point in the same class.
You can tell by his demonstrated leadership that he remains committed to the values of leadership we learned as cadets.
Later, Susan and I got to meet with some of the Big Red One soldiers for lunch.
Some of them are native Kansans, but all of them are committed to excellence in service to our nation.
It's always an honor to share a meal with our servicemembers
The 1 st
Infantry has soldiers deployed in many places around the globe today.
My deepest gratitude goes to these great men and women for their willingness to serve our country -- and to their families who also sacrifice so much for each of us.
While we face a great deal of uncertainty and many challenges, there should be no doubt that our armed forces are up to the task.
I'm deeply appreciative of the leadership at Fort Riley for making my visit possible, and even more appreciative of the work theyre doing to keep us all safe.
Sincerely,
Mike Pompeo
Member of Congress
Connect With Mike
NOTE: Please
DO NOT
respond to this email as this
inbox is unattended . To contact my office please
click here
WASHINGTON, DC OFFICE
107 Cannon HOB
Washington, DC 20515
Phone:
(202) 225-6216
Fax:
(202) 225-3489
WICHITA, KS OFFICE
7701 E. Kellogg, Suite 510
Wichita, KS 67207
Phone:
(316) 262-8992
Fax:
(316) 262-5309
UPDATE SUBSCRIPTION OPTIONS
|
PRIVACY POLICY
|
CONTACT US
Click Here Click Here