
Defeating ISIL
Patriotism Over Politics
Sunday, September 28, 2014
Defeating ISIL
Speaking with the Corpus Christi Marine Corps on ISIL threat.
There are a lot of members of Congress, including me, that do not agree with the Presidents politics and think his Syria plan is too little too late, but in a time of war we must support our Commander-in-Chief, its what we do in America. I voted to give the President the authorizations he requested and I am praying for the safety and success of those involved in the on-going war against terrorism.
Watch my interview as I discuss
airstrikes in Syria with Bart Bedsole on KRIS 6 News in Corpus Christi.
SpaceX Breaks Ground in Brownsville
Last Monday, I attended the groundbreaking ceremony for SpaceX's $85 million commercial development site at Boca Chica Beach, near Brownsville. SpaceX will develop the new launch facility for rockets, satellites and other commercial orbital launches; and expects to create 300 new jobs in Texas.
SpaceXs investment in Texas will be a boom to the entire Texas economy. It was great to be able to join with SpaceX's executives, and my colleagues in celebrating the groundbreaking of the new launch site. Texas is home to hosts of dynamic innovators and has a long history in manned Space exploration.
SpaceXs new facility will join the Johnson Space Center and Mission Control as pioneers as we explore spacethe final frontier. As a strong proponent of advances in technology I am proud to see Texans continuing to lead the way into space. This groundbreaking marks the culmination of years of hard work dating back to and before the time I represented Brownsville in Congress.
Eric Holder Resigns
On Thursday, U.S. Attorney General, Eric Holder, announced his plans to resign. In June of 2012, Attorney General, Eric Holder was found in contempt of Congress. Ive called for his resignation multiple times and filed legislation to withhold the pay of any government employee found in contempt of Congress. Holders resignation is long overdue and will be a good thing for the American people. We need an Attorney General that will be the people's lawyer and not act as an apologist-in-chief for the President.
You Own Devices Act - YODA
We like to buy things off eBay, sell stuff at yard sales, lend to our friends, and contribute to community donation drives. These days, nearly every electronic product we buy includes some sort of electronic software necessary for its operation.
While this offers a lot of consumer benefits, such as the ability to control our security systems and lights remotely, or the ability to fine-tune how our cars perform, it adds a layer of complexity to truly owning the devices we purchase and some manufacturers have started to include essential software as an impediment to selling, leasing, or even giving away devices we own.
It is critical that we dont allow this software which otherwise enhances our experience to fundamentally alter the concept of ownership. That is why I introduced the
You Own Devices Act
or YODA . YODA would simply state that if you want to sell, lease, or give away your device, the software that enables it to work is transferred along with it, and that any right you have to security and bug fixing of that software is transferred as well.
CONNECT
NEWS
Rep. Farenthold celebrates Holder resignation
Corpus Christi Caller Times
Own Your Own Devices You Will, Under Rep. Farenthold's YODA Bill
Bloomberg BNA
ORI HAILS FARENTHOLD YOU OWN DEVICES ACT
Telecom Reseller
United Network Equipment Dealers Association (UNEDA) Endorses YODA
GTN News
New bill would protect the market for used high-tech goods
LA Times
Representatives are blind to the Census Bureau case
New York Post
Congressman Blake Farenthold Addresses ISIS and US
KRISTV.com
Rep. Farenthold Discusses Missing IRS Emails
Bookkeeping Saves You Money
SNAPSHOTS
9/27 - Supporting Cigars for Warriors at Shiner Music Fest.
9/27 - While attending Kolache Fest in Hallettsville I was able to meet the Hallettsville High School Band.
9/27 - The Ingleside Chamber of Commerce hosted its Annual Installation Banquet at Northshore Country Club in Portland on Saturday. My Field Representative, Luis Buentello, attended on my behalf.
9/25 - 61 individuals became U.S. Citizens at USCIS's Naturalization Ceremony in Corpus Christi this past week.
9/22 - David Winkler received a Certificate of Congressional Recognition for his dedicated service to the Veterans of Wharton County.
WEBSITE
|
UNSUBSCRIBE
|
CONTACT
Click Here Click Here