
Dear Friend,
October is National Breast Cancer Awareness Month, an opportunity to pause and honor the brave women in our lives who are struggling with, have survived, or may have lost their battle with breast cancer.
While significant advancements have been made in the treatment and early detection of breast cancer in recent years, it remains the second most deadly cancer among women.
The American Cancer Society estimates that one in eight women living in the U.S. will develop breast cancer during the course of her life.
Recently, I supported legislation that would help ensure patients receive adequate support after undergoing breast cancer surgery.
The bill requires health plans to cover hospital stays for at least 48 hours following a mastectomy or lumpectomy and at least 24 hours following a lymph node removal. Furthermore, if passed, it would require insurance providers to cover all secondary consultations, when necessary.
In addition, I belong to the House Congressional Cancer Caucus. This bi-partisan group of lawmakers is committed to creating national policies that advance cancer research and improve the treatment and diagnosis of this disease.
Together, we can make a difference and end breast cancer. Please don&rsquo;t hesitate to contact me on this or any other federal issue of importance to you.
Regards,
Andr&eacute; Carson
INSIDE SCOOP:
Would you like to intern for Congressman Carson?
Congressman Carson is currently seeking college students or recent graduates wishing to gain experience in a fast-paced congressional office for a full-time or part-time Spring Semester Internship. We are seeking motivated, organized, and reliable individuals to assist the legislative and administrative staff with day-to-day duties in our Indianapolis and Washington, D.C. offices. Interested applicants should send a resume, cover letter detailing availability, one short writing sample and at least two references to In07Internship@mail.house.gov . Please specify if you are interested in our Indianapolis or Washington, D.C. internship. We&rsquo;re looking forward to hearing from you!
Opportunity for our Students:
This is a reminder that military academy nomination applications are due on Saturday, November 1st. Each year it is my privilege to nominate exceptional young men and women to our nation's service academies.
For more information visit:
https://carson.house.gov/services/military-academy-nominations
Voting: Our Privilege and Responsibility
One of the greatest privileges of being an American citizen is the opportunity to voice your opinion through the electoral process.
Below are important dates for Indiana voters:
Monday, November 3, 2014 &ndash; Early voting ends (Noon)
Tuesday, November 4, 2014 &ndash; General Election Day
Now you can follow my updates on:
Unsubscribe
Privacy Policy
Washington Office
2453 Rayburn HOB
Washington, D.C. 20515-1407
Phone: 202-225-4011
Fax: 202-225-5633
District Office
300 E Fall Creek Pkwy N Dr. Suite 300
Indianapolis, IN 46205-4258
Phone: 317-283-6516
Fax: 317-283-6567
Are You Uninsured?
#GetCovered!
