 Mail
begin
If you are having
trouble viewing this message or would like to share it on a social
network, you can
view the
message online .
HOME
CONTACT
US
CONSTITUENT SERVICES
ISSUES AND LEGISLATION
October 12, 2014
Countering the Threat of
Ebola in the United States :
The current Ebola
outbreak is the most extensive epidemic of the virus the world has ever
seen. With the rapid transmission of Ebola, and the hazard it poses
to public health, I believe it is essential that travel restrictions
and heightened airport screening guidelines be implemented immediately.
This week, I sent a letter to the Director of the Center for
Disease Control (CDC) and the Administrator of the Federal Aviation
Administration (FAA) encouraging their agencies to consider all possible
scenarios of containment and prevention, including but not limited to
travel restrictions and heightened screening procedures. The health of
American citizens remains my top priority, and we must increase our
precautionary measures and prevent the disease from further entering our
country.
President Obamas Threat to Override
the Law, Import Gitmo Terrorists to The United
States:
I have visited Guantanamo Bay, and have introduced legislation
to prohibit funds to transfer terrorists to Fort Leavenworth. I know
firsthand that Guantanamo Bay is the best facility in the world capable
of holding these deadly detainees. At a time when we face relentless
threats from the Islamic State, and have yet to hear a comprehensive
strategy to defeat ISIL, it is absurd that this would even be a
consideration for the President.
An overwhelming majority of
Kansans and Americans oppose importing terrorists from Guantanamo Bay in to
the United States. It is irresponsible and reckless and to overstep
the law to do so is a dangerous precedent. However, if President Obama
decides to ignore the Congressional ban that passed with bipartisan
support, rest assured I will continue my fight to keep these terrorists
from being transferred to Fort Leavenworth or anywhere in the United
States
Touring Simcro Ltd. In
Lawrence :
This week, I had the opportunity to tour Simcro, a New
Zealand-based animal health company that recently decided to locate
their North American headquarters in Lawrence, Kansas. There is nowhere
else in the world with better knowledge, expertise, or experience in
animal health than right here, at home in Kansas. Kansas is home to
more than 300 animal health companies, representing the largest
concentration in the world. Simcros decision to make their home in Lawrence is
evidence that the city has the resources these companies need to be
successful, and with the completion of NBAF in Manhattan set for 2023,
I think we will see more animal health and bioscience firms relocating
here in the future.
To watch Kansas First News report on
the visit,
click here .
No Labels Problem Solver Seal of Approval :
This week, I received the
Problem Solver
Seal of Approval
from
No Labels
for my
efforts to promote bipartisanship in Congress and support of the year-long
effort to create a
National Strategic Agenda.
As one of the
first Members to join the No Labels Problem Solvers group, I have
watched Republicans and Democrats come together over the past year to find
a set of shared goals to kick-start our economy and create jobs. The
American people deserve a Washington that works, and I am proud to be
part of a group that is dedicated to reaching across the aisle to find
real solutions. We understand that neither Democrats nor Republicans
have the power to unilaterally push through their agenda. In order to
strengthen America, we must put people before politics and work
together if we hope to fix some of our nations biggest
problems.
Celebrating World Habitat Day with Topeka Habitat for
Humanity:
This week, we marked World Habitat Day and I was honored to gather
at Topekas newest Habitat home to thank the amazing volunteers and
discuss the issues of poverty and housing right here in our own
communities.
I was recently given the opportunity to volunteer for
the
Topeka Habitat for Humanity
and met
a truly extraordinary man - and future home owner - Bora Munganga. I
am so happy for him and his family and I know he will give back so
much more to our community than he has received. I encourage everyone to
give back, whether that is through Habitat or another organization,
and I guarantee it will be a truly rewarding experience. A special thank
you to Michelle De La Isla, the Topeka Habitat Executive Director,
for all of her hard work and dedication to our community and Habitat for
Humanity.
To read the Topeka Capital-Journals report on
the event,
click here .
Open
Office Hours :
It was great to meet
face-to-face with constituents this week during my Open Office Hours session in
Topeka. I host these meetings for folks who want to come in and share
personal stories, legislative concerns, or casework issues, in a
one-on-one setting. Thanks to all those who came out!
The Open
Office Hours are scheduled during congressional work periods
throughout the year. For information on how to get in touch, or to check on
the next upcoming session visit my website by,
clicking here .
Share on Twitter Share on Facebook
Please Feel Free to Tell a
Friend
E-mail:
E-mail:
E-mail:
Washington, DC Office
1027 Longworth HOB
Washington, D.C. 20515
Phone: (202) 225-6601
Fax: (202)
225-7986
Pittsburg Office
1001 N. Broadway Street #C
Pittsburg, KS 66762
Phone:
(620) 231-LYNN (5966)
Fax: (620)
231-5972
Topeka Office
3550 SW 5th Street
Topeka, KS 66606
Phone: (785)
234-LYNN (5966)
Fax: (785) 234-5967
Independence Office
120 N. 6th
Street
Independence, KS 67301
Phone: (620) 231-LYNN (5966)
Fax: (620) 231-5972
Unsubscribe
|
Update
My Profile
|
Privacy Policy
gateway mail end
