
Can't see the pictures? Select "Always display images" or
view this message in your browser .
Dear David,
I&rsquo;ve been enjoying my time in the First District this month, meeting with constituents and hearing about the issues that matter most to you.
Below is another quick update on a few of the things I&rsquo;ve been focused on during my time at home.
Thoughts and Prayers of the Region are with Marysville
I am heartbroken by the tragedy at Marysville-Pilchuck High School last week. My thoughts and prayers continue to be with the victims, students, their families, school faculty, staff and all those affected. No one should have to go through the horrific violence that occurred that day, especially our children. As the Marysville-Pilchuck High School community comes together during this very difficult time, our region grieves with them and stands united in our support to help in any way.
College Affordability Roundtable at UW Bothell
The rising cost of higher education poses serious challenges to the affordability of college for local students and their families, who are being forced to take out higher loan amounts to pay for tuition, fees, textbooks, and housing.
Earlier this month, I sat down with students and faculty from Everett Community College, Cascadia Community College, and UW Bothell to talk about these important issues.
I discussed my ongoing efforts in the other Washington to expand access to higher education by
reducing student loan interest rates ,
lowering the cost of textbooks , and allowing borrowers to
refinance student debt
at today&rsquo;s lower rates.
It is critical that we continue working to ensure that everyone has access to higher education, and I will continue pushing hard for commonsense legislation to tackle these issues for college students and recent graduates.
Importance of STEM Education in the First District
&ldquo; Washington STEM hosts computer science roundtable &rdquo;&mdash; Redmond Reporter
The First District is home to some of the world&rsquo;s leading software companies. We are home to cutting edge biotech firms, aerospace suppliers, and other advanced manufacturing companies. Despite the diversity of these businesses, they are all in need of high-skilled workers&mdash;STEM trained workers. So in order to grow our economy, to ensure our children get the jobs of today and tomorrow, we must commit to giving them a great education that provides the skills they need to compete in a global economy.
This month, I met with education and technology leaders in Kirkland to discuss the importance of prioritizing STEM education in our local schools.
It will take cooperation between federal, state, and local governments, as well as businesses, non-profits, and educational leaders all working together to find ways to best prepare students for these fields.
Back in the other Washington, I&rsquo;m proud to be an original cosponsor of the Computer Science Education Act, which would increase access to computer science curricula in our public schools without raising taxes or creating any new federal mandates. I am also fighting to address the under-representation of women and minorities in STEM fields, both through my role as a leader of the Congressional Women&rsquo;s High Tech Caucus and as a cosponsor of the STEM Gateways Act.
Celebrating Women Leaders in Mukilteo and Skagit County
There are so many incredible women leaders in the First Congressional District &ndash; women who make a real difference in their communities.
It was an honor to speak at Mayor Gregerson&rsquo;s first Women&rsquo;s Leadership Lunch in Mukilteo last week and at the Skagit Women&rsquo;s Alliance and Network&rsquo;s 30th anniversary Women of the Year event. At both events, I was pleased to meet with leaders from the region in community, business, and political arenas, and to discuss the importance of encouraging young women to pursue educational and professional opportunities.
Please remember my office is here to serve you, so if you have questions or comments about the challenges facing our nation, I encourage you to contact me through my
website . You may also keep up-to-date on what I&rsquo;m doing by following me on
Twitter
or liking my
Facebook
page.
Sincerely,
Suzan
Please do not reply to this e-mail address. To respond to this message, please click
here .
Click here to unsubscribe
Washington, D.C. Office
318 Cannon House Office Building
Washington, DC 20515
phone: (202) 225-6311
fax: (202) 226-1606
hours: M-F 9-5:30pm
Bothell District Office
Canyon Park Business Center,
22121 17th Ave SE, Bldg E,
Suite 220
Bothell, WA 98021
phone: (425) 485-0085
fax: (425) 485-0083
hours: M-F 8:30am-5pm
Mount Vernon District Office
204 W. Montgomery Street
Mount Vernon, WA 98273
Phone: (360) 416-7879
Click Here
to be removed from this list
