
E-news Sign-up
Tuesday October 14, 2014
WEBSITE
|
FORWARD TO A FRIEND
| SHARE ON:
Local Interests and Global Concerns
The Ebola outbreak in Africa is continuing to wreak havoc on three nations and is starting to spread to others.
After the first case of Ebola reached the United States, I began calling for flight restrictions and stronger preventative measures like airport security screenings for passengers.
Early last week I sent a letter to the president asking him to take
immediate
action to implement these necessary measures to prevent the spread of the disease in the U.S.
As you may know, we have more than a dozen local SeaBees from NMCB 133 in Gulfport performing site surveys and preparing engineering reports for the construction of 17 Ebola treatment facilities as we speak.
I met last week with Naval Construction Battalion Center Commander Captain Paul Odenthal and discussed our local SeaBees serving in this dangerous part of the world.
He assured me that they are taking all of the necessary precautions to ensure the safety of our men and women in uniform as they continue their valiant efforts to put a stop to this devastating epidemic.
Last Tuesday I attended the Boys and Girls Club of the Gulf Coast annual meeting and awards ceremony.
I was honored to present awards to longtime advocates of the organization.
Congratulations to Colonel Dick Wilson and Senator Tommy Gollott on receiving the Service to Youth award for their many years of service and dedication to the Boys and Girls Club.
As some of you may know, October is National Dyslexia Awareness Month.
On Thursday I co-sponsored a bill that calls on all schools and educational agencies to recognize the serious educational impacts of dyslexia.
Dyslexia is often misunderstood, and I hope we can continue to promote awareness of this issue in our community.
This weekend was another exciting one for Mississippi in the world of football.
Congratulations to Mississippi State University and Ole Miss on their victories this weekend as both teams continue to go undefeated this season, and MSU takes the #1 spot in the rankings! Hail State, Hotty Toddy, and SMTTT!
For more updates I encourage you to connect with me on
facebook ,
twitter , or by visiting my
website .
In Your Service,
Steven M. Palazzo
Member of Congress
###
NOTE: Please DO NOT respond to this email as this inbox is unattended. To contact my office please
click here
UNSUBSCRIBE
|
PRIVACY POLICY
|
CONTACT US
Click Here Click Here