
If
you are having trouble viewing this message or would like to share it
on a social network, you can
view the message online .
Home
Biography
News
Issues &amp; Legislation
Constituent Services
The District
Contact
Us
October 17, 2014
In This Week's Edition of E-News
...
Congressman Murphys
Special Enews Update: Stopping Ebola
*
* * Rep. Murphy to Appear on
Fox News Sunday
10:00AM on WPGH Channel 53 * * *
With more than
4,500 people having died from the Ebola virus, and the number of cases
headed toward 10,000 per week by December, public health experts warn the
epidemic threatens to rapidly spread from three western African
nations to the United States unless action is taken immediately. Hundreds
of Americans are now in some level of quarantine because of exposure to
healthcare workers diagnosed with the deadly disease after they
provided care to an infected Liberian national at a Dallas
hospital.
Media gathers for Rep.
Murphys reaction.
That patient, Thomas Michael Duncan,
evaded Ebola safety protocols prior to leaving Liberia and flying to
the US because he did not register a fever and lied on a government
questionnaire about his exposure to an Ebola-infected patient. The White
House has since added the same two protocols
temperature-taking and
self-reporting
at five US airports but has refused to consider travel
restrictions to protect the public health of
Americans.
On Thursday, Oversight Subcommittee Chairman Tim Murphy convened a
hearing with top medical officials in the federal government to examine
Administrations current strategy to stop Ebola. During an intense
three hour session, Chairman Murphy grilled the director of the Centers
for Disease Control and Prevention about the decisions that have
exacerbated the Ebola outbreak in the US (watch Rep. Murphy on
CNN ).
Rep. Murphy noted the Administrations
current strategy has been a demonstrated failure: fever is not apparent in
an Ebola patient 13% of the time. Moreover, fever not a sure sign of
infection because the virus can remain dormant in a person for at
least 21 days before symptoms appear; and a high temperature can be masked
with medication like ibuprofen.
Why are we still
allowing folks to come here [from countries with Ebola outbreaks]? And why
if theyre still coming over here
is there no quarantine? Youre
not stopping them from being around other people. Read Chairman
Murphys full opening statement
here .
During an appearance Wednesday night on
The OReilly
Factor , Rep. Murphy revealed the CDC Director told him one of the
reasons the Administration is opposing a travel ban is an economic
concern and that cutting commercial air traffic would negatively impact the
economies of fledgling democracies like Guinea, Liberia, and Sierra
Leone.
Click to watch Murphy question CDC Director Dr. Tom Frieden on
Ebola control failures
The Administration has also tried to
explain travel restrictions are too difficult to enforce, would force
travelers to lie about their whereabouts, and make it relief efforts
more difficult, while at the same time deploying temperature scans and
traveler interviews. Energy &amp; Commerce Committee Chairman Fred
Upton noted that the government already enforces travel restrictions,
using no-fly lists for terrorists, quarantines, and do not board
lists for persons with highly communicable diseases.
This
should not be represented as an all-or-none choice, said Murphy. We
can and will create the means to transport whatever supplies and goods
are needed in Africa to win this deadly battle. We do not have to leave
the door open to all travel to and from hot zones in western Africa
while Ebola is an unwelcome and dangerous stowaway on these
flights.
Murphy said the first priority must be to protect the
health of the American public. He also made clear at the Thursday hearing
that original CDC guidelines to protect healthcare workers were based
on false assumptions (read more in the
Associated
Press ).
The trust and credibility of the
Administration and government are waning as the American public loses confidence
each day with demonstrated failures of the current strategy. That
trust must be restored, but will only be restored with honest and thorough
action, he said.
Based on the information gathered from
the hearing, Chairman Murphy sent a
letter
Thursday afternoon immediately at the conclusion of the hearing detailing
to the President immediate next steps to control the outbreak. The
nine measures included travel restrictions; 21-day quarantines for those
Americans who have been exposed to Ebola or were visiting the West
African hot spots; stepped up training and protection for healthcare
workers; accelerated review and approval by the Food and Drug
Administration of promising vaccines, treatments, and diagnostic tests for the
Ebola virus (read more in
ABC
News ).
On Friday, the Administration announced movement on two of Murphys
recommendations: new quarantine measures for medical personnel treating
Ebola-infected patients and additional resources toward large-scale
vaccine manufacturing.
The
President also appointed a political campaign operative and former lobbyist
to serve as an Ebola Czar on Friday. Murphy has said what is needed
is leadership from the President and changes to his policies
not more
layers of bureaucracy.
Click to watch
" Examining
the U.S. Public Health Response to the Ebola
Outbreak"
This
appointment is both shocking and frankly tone deaf to what the
American people are concerned about. Installing yet another political
appointee who has no medical background or infectious disease control
experience will do little to reassure Americans who are increasingly losing
confidence with the Administrations Ebola strategy, said
Murphy.
Not one of the medical experts who testified at our hearing
yesterday said what is needed to stop the spread of the Ebola virus
is a Czar, spokesman or campaign operative with no relevant experience
telling them what to do. We need leadership from the President and
changes to the current policies to end the scourge of Ebola here and in
Western Africa.
Rep. Murphy will discuss all of
these issues during an exclusive interview with Fox News Sunday host
Chris Wallace. Check your local listings for
airtime.
What do you think? Should there be an Ebola czar, travel
restrictions, or quarantines? Share your thoughts by clicking
here .
Please Feel Free to Tell a
Friend
E-mail:
E-mail:
E-mail:
Washington D.C.
Office
2332 Rayburn HOB
Washington, DC 20515
Phone: (202)
2252301
Fax: (202) 2251844
Mt. Lebanon
Office
504 Washington Road
Pittsburgh, PA 15228
Phone:
(412) 3445583
Fax: (412) 4295092
Greensburg Office
2040 Frederickson Place
Greensburg, PA
15601
Phone: (724) 8507312
Fax: (724) 8507315
Unsubscribe
|
Update My
Profile
|
Privacy Policy
gateway mail end
