
If you are having trouble viewing this
message or would like to share it on a social network, you can
view the message online .
October 20, 2014
Unsubscribe
Update My Profile
Website
|
About
Doug
|
District Map
|
Constituent Services
|
Issues &amp; Legislation
|
News
|
Contact |
Dear Friend,
With
each passing day, I hear from more and more people who are losing
confidence in the Obama Administration's handling of the Ebola crisis. That's
why I am taking action to better protect and educate our community. I
have demanded that President Obama should implement a temporary
civilian travel ban by revoking all visas for the countries currently
struggling with Ebola in West Africa (Liberia, Sierra Leone, and Guinea),
while keeping carefully monitored and quarantined travel avenues open
for healthcare professionals and others helping to battle the
disease.
There are likely to be significant business, economic, and
psychological impacts if the American people continue to lose
confidence in the safety and security of our airline travel
system.
Additionally, I have
met with General LaCamera, the commander at Fort Carson, to discuss
the details of the upcoming deployment of the 160 soldiers from the 52nd
Engineer Battalion. I have also sent the following Congressional
Inquiry to Secretary of Defense
Chuck Hagel in order to clarify
some concerns and questions that we have about the forthcoming
deployment of some of our friends and neighbors at Fort Carson to West
Africa.
Here
in the Fifth Congressional District we are on the cutting edge of our
nation's security. One way that Fort Carson is remaining a unique, high
priority installation is with its recent incorporation of a Stryker
Brigade. I recently had the opportunity to meet with the 4th
Infantry Division's 1st Brigade Combat Team "Raider Brigade."
They
updated me on their training and progress as they complete their
training on these new vehicles that will allow for more rapid and mission
flexible deployments.
I was also pleased to participate in the groundbreaking ceremony
for an expanding local business, a tour of a local defense cryptology
company, and I was thankful for the chance to sit down with a local
constituent who was a former employee of the Federal Reserve to discuss a
potential audit of that
institution.
It is an honor to be your Representative in
Washington DC.
Please let me know if you require
any assistance with a federal government agency by contacting my
local office at (719)
520-0055.
Sincerely,
Policy
Recap
As I mentioned above, I sent an official Congressional
Inquiry to Secretary of Defense Hagel with some specific questions
about the upcoming deployment of Fort Carson troops to help combat the
spread of Ebola. I believe that the community deserves timely answers
to these questions and I will be sure to keep you informed of the
response I receive from the Secretary.
Text of the
Letter
Dear
Secretary Hagel,
As you know, the President has announced
that he is has launched Operation United Assistance which will send
over 3,000 military personnel to west Africa to help fight the Ebola
outbreak. I have since learned that about 160 Army engineers from the
52nd Engineer Battalion at Ft. Carson are being deployed to support this
effort. While I am very concerned about the Ebola outbreak, I do have
some concerns regarding this deployment. I would appreciate a timely
response on the following questions:
1. What is being done
to ensure the physical security and biosecurity of our men and women
in uniform who are being sent into harms way?
2. What
measures are being put into place by the Defense Health Agency to
prepare for caring for servicemembers who are exposed to or infected by
Ebola?
3. When is the 52nd Engineer Battalion expected to
deploy and when will they return?
4. What is being done to
ensure that returning military personnel do not unintentionally expose
their family, friends or communities to Ebola upon their
return?
5. How long do you expect this mission to last, and when will
it be transferred to non-military agencies within the U.S.
government?
6. Have DOD medical personnel received adequate training
to identify and care for potential cases of Ebola?
7. Is
Evans Army Hospital prepared and equipped to deal with potential
Ebola cases?
Mr. Secretary, I look forward to your prompt
response to these questions. I also request that you provide a senior
representative from the Department of Defense or the U.S. Army to
participate in a public forum that I am organizing regarding preparations for
Ebola in the Colorado Springs community.
Thank you for
your service.
I also interviewed with KRDO TV and AM 740 KVOR's Richard
Randall about the Ebola outbreak.
Please click
HERE
to watch my LIVE interview with KRDO anchor Rana
Novini
Please click
HERE
to listen to my interview with KVOR's Richard Randall (interview
begins at 30 minute 20 second mark)
I also joined my fellow Members of
Congress in a letter calling on House Leadership to, "work in a bipartisan,
bicameral fashion to secure funding for the Payment in Lieu of Taxes
(PILT) and Secure Rural Schools and Community Self-Determination Act
(SRS) programs for fiscal year 2015" before the conclusion of the
current 113th Congress.
The letter also points out that,
"current authorization for full PILT funding expired on September 30,
2014. Without Congressional action, we risk severely crippling these
counties' ability to operate." "PILT and SRS allow the federal government
to meet its long-standing obligations to counties with federal land.
It is imperative that we fulfill this
duty."
What's Happening in the Fifth Congressional
District
ARMED
FORCES
I was honored
to have the chance to visit Fort Carson and get an up-close look at the
new Stryker Brigade. Thanks to the 4th Infantry Division's 1st
Brigade Combat Team "Raider Brigade" for updating me on their training and
progress as they transition to these new vehicles that allow for more
flexible missions. Having this capability in our region keeps Fort
Carson positioned as a unique, leading-edge asset for the future of
warfare.
SUPPORTING LOCAL
BUSINESSES
I took part in a wonderful groundbreaking ceremony for the new
Winslow BMW dealership. Phil Winslow and his wife Ann have been
incredible citizens of Colorado Springs for over five decades. I look forward
to seeing their family-owned business continue to
thrive.
Addressing the crowd at the
groundbreaking
With Colorado Springs Mayor Steve Bach
and other dignitaries at the groundbreaking
Breaking ground
on this wonderful new construction project and
facility
With Tyson Nunn
President of Nunn Construction
With Wynne Palermo, Mayor Steve Bach, and
Phil and Ann Winslow
I also visited the Colorado Springs facility of Ultra
Electronics ProLogic. This cutting-edge group develops extremely advanced
materials in the realms of Communication Security and Cryptography. Please
join me in thanking this amazing team for everything they are doing for
our national security.
MEETING WITH
CONSTITUENTS
Thank you to constituent
Richard Allen for sitting down with me to discuss potential Audit the
Fed legislation. Richard is a CPA with an MBA who is CISA certified
and served as the Senior IT Auditor with the Inspector General's office
of the Fed's Board of Governors. I appreciated Richard's insight and
information.
Interesting Articles and Recommended
Reading
Rep. Doug Lamborn Calls For Ebola Travel Ban
by The Gazette **Story Features Congressman
Lamborn**
Three Cheers For Creative Monopolies
by Gordon
Crovitz
Freedom, Hard Work, and the Party of Lincoln
by
Richard Brookhiser
Obama's Limitless Government
by
Daniel Henninger
Social Media Update
If you would like to follow me on twitter please find me
at
@RepDLamborn
On
my
Facebook
this week constituents shared their thoughts on my
call for a temporary travel ban from West African countries combating
Ebola:
Kellie Chandler
- THANK YOU.
Allen
Lofton - I don't understand why the President
hasn't done what he should.
Julie Watson
-
I agree with you
Doug!!
Debbie Ross McCarty
-
Agree. If this keeps spreading in the US, it could have
a devastating effect. Anyone who thinks this is unnecessary
fear-mongering is welcome to go to Africa to see first hand how devastating
this could become. There are insurance companies that are already selling
policies to corporations to protect them from financial losses if
they have to shut down.
Kathryn Lynn
-
Congressman, thank you for what you are doing to protect
us!
CONTACT
INFORMATION
WASHINGTON
OFFICE
2402 Rayburn HOB |
Washington, DC 20515
Phone: (202) 225-4422
Fax: (202) 226-2638
DISTRICT OFFICES 1125
Kelly Johnson Blvd., Suite 330
Colorado Springs, CO
80920
Phone: (719) 520-0055 |
Fax: (719)
520-0840
DISTRICT OFFICES
415
Main Street |
Buena Vista, CO 81211
Phone:
(719) 520-0055 |
Fax: (719) 520-0840
Update My Profile
-
Unsubscribe
-
Privacy
Policy
gateway mail end 