
SEPTEMBER IN REVIEW
Dear Friend,
I wanted to tell you about some of the things Ive been working on this past month in the 40th District and in Washington, DC.
First, I want to let students and families know about some education resources and student events that might be of interest to you as the school year continues.
Student Resource Guide:
If youre trying to figure out how to pay for college or graduate school, take a look at my recently updated 2014-2015 Student Resource Guide!
Its a list of scholarships, fellowships, internships, and websites that can help you pay for your education and expand your horizons.
Please visit
http://roybal-allard.house.gov/uploadedfiles/student_resource_guide_2014-2015.pdf
to read the full guide.
You can also consult my websites Student Center page to see some other resources that might help you pay for college:
http://roybal-allard.house.gov/students .
Service Academy Workshop:
If youre interested in applying to one of our nations military service academies, you should attend the academy workshop my office is hosting at Downey City Library on October 18th from 8:30 a.m. - 10:30 a.m.
My staff, along with academy representatives and current academy students, will offer you the information youll need as you consider whether to apply to one of these prestigious institutions.
For more information about the workshop, please refer to this flyer:
http://roybal-allard.house.gov/uploadedfiles/saw_flyer_2014_pdf.pdf .
You can also visit my Service Academy Nominations webpage at
http://roybal-allard.house.gov/constituentservices/serviceacademynominations.htm
for details.
One of my greatest honors as a Member of Congress is to nominate 40th District students to our nations service academies.
Applications for a nomination from my office are due on November 15, 2014.
40th Congressional District Student Art Competition:
Im happy to report that next years 40th Congressional District Student Art Competition is already in full swing!
All high school students living in the 40th District are welcome to enter before the February 2015 deadline.
The winning entry will be displayed in the U.S. Capitol for one year, and the artist will receive a college scholarship and a trip to Washington, DC, in the company of a guardian.
This past June, I had a lovely time greeting the 2014 competition winner, Dulce Zelaya of Downey High School, when she came to the Capitol.
We had lunch together in the House Dining Room, and then we went to see her newly hung pastel drawing.
If youre interested in entering next years competition and following in Dulces footsteps, visit
http://lrastudentartcomp.org .
September in Review:
Here are some highlights of my September work.
I hope you find this informative, and I look forward to seeing you in the District or Washington, DC, very soon.
At Work in Los Angeles:
I spoke at St. Francis Medical Center in Lynwood at an event celebrating First 5 LAs Welcome Baby Program, which has given thousands of L.A. Countys pregnant women and new mothers an opportunity to receive hospital and in-home visits with nurses and parent coaches.
I described the importance of home visitation services for these families and for communities as a whole.
I met with Latino Public Broadcasting (LPB) chairman Frank Cruz and actor/activist Edward James Olmos, the founder and chairman of the LPB Board of Directors.
We discussed the LPB, as well as the Corporation for Public Broadcasting, which funds the LPB.
I joined one of my District Office caseworkers at our community office hours at South L.A.s Slauson Senior Center.
We helped address constituents' concerns on a variety of federal issues, including questions relating to Social Security, Medicare, the IRS, and veterans benefits.
I stopped by a citizenship workshop at East L.A.s Esteban Torres High School to welcome attendees and thank volunteers.
My District Office helped organize this event, which enabled 150 people to apply for naturalized citizenship.
I visited the Downey United Methodist Church to deliver a congratulatory greeting from President Obama and a Certificate of Congressional Recognition on the occasion of the church's 160th anniversary.
I greeted the attendees at the American Business Womens Association (ABWA) Council of Southern Californias celebration of the ABWAs 65th Anniversary.
I also presented the organization, and its national executive director, Rene Street, with certificates congratulating them on this impressive milestone.
I rode in the East L.A. Mexican Independence Day Parade.
As the first Mexican-American woman elected to Congress, I was glad to see so many of my fellow Mexican-Americans at this wonderful event.
I spoke at the opening of Huntington Park's new soccer field at Salt Lake Park.
I joined the residents of East L.A. and the East L.A. Empowerment Congress at nimo Ellen Ochoa Charter Middle School for a community clean-up.
I presented certificates of congratulation to L.A. County Supervisor Gloria Molina, AltaMed Health Services Corporation, the L.A. County Department of Mental Health, L.A. Universal Preschool, and other honorees at the 10th Anniversary Celebration for East L.A.'s Centro Estrella Family Resource Center.
I stopped by the United Teachers Los Angeles annual conference to show support for the work our teachers do to educate and empower our students.
I helped open Maywoods new Family Health Care Centers of Greater Los Angeles Community Health Center.
I joined in the ribbon-cutting ceremony, spoke to the assembled crowd, and presented a Certificate of Congressional Recognition to FHCCGLA CEO Dr. Albert Pacheco and Board Member Jorge Ventura.
I went to Santee Education Complex for a terrific conversation about education and immigration issues with Santee parents and with the schools principal, Dr. Martin Gomez.
I toured AltaMed Health Services Program for All Inclusive Care of the Elderly (PACE) Center in East L.A., which provides medical care and other support services to local seniors with chronic care needs.
I spoke at PVJOBS Journeys of Courage luncheon in Downtown L.A.
I saluted PVJOBS for its work to find jobs for local at-risk individuals, and presented PVJOBS' Visionary of the Year award to my friend Ron Miller, the Executive Secretary of the Los Angeles/Orange Counties Building and Construction Trades Council.
I co-hosted a briefing at Los Angeles Trade-Technical College with L.A. n Sync for the Council District 9 (CD9) Coalition.
The briefing discussed the tools available to our non-profits as we continue to build a fiscally strong non-profit coalition in South L.A.
At Work in Washington, DC:
I joined other Members of Congress at a USO event to assemble care packages for ill and injured American service members.
We packed up toothpaste, razors, towels, and other necessities to send to our troops.
I made a videotaped statement celebrating Hispanic Heritage Month, which runs from September 15th to October 15th.
You can watch the video at
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8Q_XBTnEgXc .
I attended Ukrainian President Petro Poroshenko's address to a joint meeting of Congress.
I was honored to be named a 2014 Champion for Children by First Focus.
During my 22 years in Congress, the safety and well-being of children has been one of my top concerns.
I welcomed the family of Cpl. Moses Lechuga, of Downey, to my Washington office.
It was a privilege to meet them and to present them with a Certificate of Congressional Recognition honoring Cpl. Lechugas service to our nation.
Cpl. Lechuga served heroically in World War II, and was buried at Arlington National Cemetery on October 2nd.
I joined my Latina Congressional colleagues for a panel discussion at the Congressional Hispanic Caucus Institutes Leadership Luncheon.
We talked about the challenges facing the Latino community, and about ways to encourage the next generation of Latino leaders.
Legislation, Letters, and Briefs Supported:
I joined the other Democratic members of the House of Representatives Labor-Health and Human Services (HHS)-Education Appropriations Subcommittee in releasing a Fiscal Year 2015 subcommittee spending bill that restores almost all of its programs to their pre-sequester funding levels.
Our bill lays out a responsible plan to provide economic opportunities through enhanced education and job training, to protect the future and wellbeing of our children, to advance scientific research, and to safeguard public health
all without increasing the deficit.
I cosponsored the Manufacturing Skills Act, which would establish a program to promote reforms in workforce education and skill training for manufacturing in states and metropolitan areas.
I joined more than 120 of my Congressional colleagues in signing a brief to the Supreme Court in the Young v. UPS case.
Our brief urged fair treatment for pregnant women in the workplace.
I joined more than 20 other Members of Congress in signing a letter opposing Speaker Boehner's decision to adjourn the House until November.
At a time when Congress already has too few legislative days to deal with the problems facing our nation, I think it's irresponsible for Speaker Boehner and the other House Republican Leaders to cancel voting days.
Sincerely,
Washington, DC Office
2330 Rayburn HOB
Washington, DC 20515
Phone: (202) 225-1766
Fax: (202) 226-0350
District Office
500 Citadel Drive, Suite 320
Commerce, CA 90040
Phone: (323) 721-8790
Fax: (323) 721-8789
WEBSITE
|
UNSUBSCRIBE
|
CONTACT
Click Here Click Here