
NOTE: Please DO NOT respond to this email as this inbox is unattended. To contact my office please
click here
ABOUT
SERVICES
ISSUES &amp; LEGISLATION
MEDIA CENTER
RESOURCES
CONTACT
ESPAOL
Friday, October 10, 2014
WEBSITE
|
FORWARD TO A FRIEND
| SHARE ON:
Marc's Memo: Fall District Work Period, COYC &amp; 2nd Annual Job Fair
Dear Friends,
I hope you will take a few moments to read the latest updates from my office below. I have spent this past week traveling throughout the 33rd District hearing from constituents on the issues that matter most to Metroplex residents.
Constituent services are a priority of my office. My goal is to remove every barrier that stands in the way of my constituents access to services provided by my office and information about what Im doing on their behalf. Thats why I have recently
redesigned my website
to help better serve the constituents of Texas 33 rd
District. To check out the new website visit,
http://veasey.house.gov/
You can connect with me and find out what Im doing, each week, through my
official website ,
Facebook page ,
Instagram , and
Twitter account
to stay informed on what I am working on in the district and in Washington, D.C.
Sincerely,
Congressman Marc Veasey, TX-33
Commemorating Hispanic Heritage Month
Each year from September 15th to October 15th, the nation celebrates the many contributions of Latinos during Hispanic Heritage Month.
As one of the fastest growing ethnic groups in our country, Hispanics represent a vital part of our communities and neighborhoods, and I have had the distinct opportunity to see these contributions first hand.
During this month, I invite you to join me in recognizing the contributions of the Latino community to our nation and to learn more about their diverse history.
Click here
to watch the video.
Marc Means Business-Los Torres Taqueria
Every month I have the opportunity to roll-up my sleeves and work in various small and large businesses throughout the Metroplex as part of my Marc Means Business Initiative. In September, in honor of National Hispanic Heritage Month, I spent some time working behind-the-scenes at Los Torres Taqueria in Dallas.
Congressman Veasey with the Torres family, owners of Los Torres Taqueria, in Oak Cliff.
Los Torres Taqueria is a Latino family-owned restaurant run by Ramiro Torres, his wife Irene and her sister Evangelina which specializes in the cuisine of the Sinaloa state in northwest Mexico.
Latinos remain the fastest growing ethnic group in the U.S., and they are among the most entrepreneurial. According to the Small Business Administration (SBA), there are more than 3 million Hispanic-owned businesses in America today and they are starting businesses at three times the national average. Los Torres Taqueria was chosen to highlight Hispanic-American entrepreneurship and Hispanic-owned businesses role in the economic vitality of the Dallas-Fort Worth region.
Please visit my website for more information about my Marc Means Business Initative,
Email me
to suggest jobs for future 'Marc Means Business' workdays and stay updated on future 'Marc Means Business' workdays and other events by following me on
Facebook ,
Twitter , and
Instagram .
How to Break the # STEM Barrier
The skills gap is one of the most important issues facing the country, and one of my top priorities to address as a Member of Congress.
That is why I was an honorary host for the
Collaboration and Engagement for Career Success panel during the Congressional Black Caucus Foundations 44 th Annual Legislative Conference.
Congressman Veasey providing opening remarks as he served as Honorary Host during the
Collaboration and Engagement for Career Success Panel at the Congressional Black Caucus Fou ndation's 44th Annual Legislative Conference.
I believe that our education system must offer skills training to our students so that they are ready to enter either college or careers. By exposing our youth to different fields through internships and apprenticeships, we can inspire them by showing the endless opportunities that are available to them.
This month, I introduced the
Bridging the Gap to Manufacturing Jobs Act
to help create internship and apprenticeship programs within small and medium manufacturers. This is one way to connect our future workforce to job-creators and help alleviate the skills gap.
Rex Tillerson, ExxonMobil Chairman &amp; CEO, discusses ExxonMobils Be an Engineer Program, to encourage professionals to reach out, and impact the lives of our kids today.
During the panel, presenters delved into the connection between education, industry, and career planning and shared strategies on how to replicate their models to fill job shortages in in-demand fields such as STEM and manufacturing.
Save the Date!
Congress on Your Corner
Join me for Congress on Your Corner on Saturday, October 11th from 11am-12:30pm (CT), at Foodland, 3320 Mansfield Hwy. in Forest Hill, TX.
For more information, please visit:
http://veasey.house.gov/veasey-events
2 nd
Annual 33 rd
Congressional District Job Fair
Mark your calendars for Friday, November 21 st
from 8:30 AM
12 PM as I will host the 2 nd
Annual Job Fair to be held at Mountain View Community College, Building E lobby, located
at 4849 W. Illinois Avenue in Dallas, Texas.
This
FREE
event is a great opportunity for you to find out whos hiring, connect with potential employers, and attend various workshops that will help you create resumes, network and even assist with Veteran-to-civilian transition.
For more information and updates, please visit my website:
http://Veasey.house.gov/VeaseyJobFair
Contact Me
E-Newsletter Sign-Up
Help with a Federal Agency
Flag Request
Visit Washington, D.C.
Congress on Your Corner
Saturday, October 11, 2014
2nd Annual Job Fair
Friday, November 21, 2014
CONNECT WITH ME
Washington, DC Office
414 Cannon House Office Building
Washington, DC 20515
P: (202) 225-9897
F: (202) 225-9702
Dallas District Office
JP Morgan Chase Building
1881 Sylvan Ave., Ste. 108
Dallas, TX 75208
P: (214) 741-1387
F: (214) 741-2026
Fort Worth District Office
Office Tower at La Gran Plaza
4200 South Freeway, Suite 412
Fort Worth, TX 76115
P: (817) 920-9086
F: (817) 920-9324
NOTE: Please DO NOT respond to this email as this inbox is unattended. To contact my office please
click here
Click Here Click Here