
If you are having trouble viewing this message or would like to
share it on a social network, you can
view the message online .
About
Contact
Services
Media Center
Legislation
Issues
Resources
October 19, 2014
Concerned About an Ebola Outbreak in
America?
On October 8th,
Congressman Pittenger visited SIM USA in Charlotte to learn more about their
mission, history, and response efforts to the recent Ebola
outbreak.
The
leaders of 27 African nations, including South Africa, Kenya, and
Zambia, have taken decisive action to prevent the spread of Ebola to their
countries by imposing travel restrictions.
British Airways and
Air France have also suspended flights.
President Obama has
refused to restrict flights, deferring to unelected bureaucrats at the
World Health Organization and taking very limited steps, including
screening passengers at only five airports.
On October
8 th , I led a bipartisan group of 26 Members of Congress, writing
President Obama to urge immediate and decisive action to protect and
prevent American citizens from further exposure to the deadly Ebola
virus.
Enhanced screening of ALL passengers
traveling to and from affected countries in West
Africa.
Possible quarantines for any individual who has traveled from affected
countries in West Africa within the 21 day dormancy
period.
A travel ban for regular, commercial travel between the United States
and affected countries in West Africa.
While the
United States must take prudent steps to prevent the spread of Ebola,
we must also fully support efforts to provide humanitarian relief to
those suffering from Ebola and to contain the epidemic as much as
possible.
Flight restrictions should be balanced with special
government-sanctioned flights to provide continued access for humanitarian
efforts and trade.
Recently, I met with Nancy Writebol, who
had the Ebola virus and is now healthy, and the international leadership
of the SIM missions agency that has been faithfully fighting Ebola
since long before the dramatic headlines.
Their team on the ground
reports the Ebola virus is aggressively expanding, not
receding.
Either unwittingly or through desperation for treatment,
someone carrying the virus could travel to America.
Given the current
security threats facing America, we should also not discount the
possibility of terrorists and jihadists intentionally carrying this disease
to America, as part of their unwavering and unrelenting resolve to
destroy us.
We are vulnerable to our terrorist adversaries with an
open door policy.
Imagine the horrific impact of 20
terrorists intentionally carrying the Ebola virus to 20 major American
cities.
Captain Al Shimkus (U.S. Navy, Ret.), a professor of
National Security Affairs at the U.S Naval War College, states that ISIS
wouldnt even have to weaponize the virus to attempt to wreak global
infection (Forbes, October 5, 2014).
Former Homeland Security
Director Tom Ridge has expressed the same concerns.
As
Chairman of the Congressional Task Force on Terrorism, I will continue to
urge President Obama to make thoughtful, reasonable decisions to
protect your family.
There is no cure-all, but with decisive action,
we can take steps to better manage the outcome of this grievous
epidemic.
Congressman Pittenger Honors Ebola Survivor Nancy
Writebol
On July 30, 2014,
Congressman Pittenger spoke to Congress about SIM missionary and
Charlotte resident Nancy Writebol, who volunteered to help treat Ebola
patients in Liberia and became infected herself. Click
here
to watch the video.
Congressman Pittenger Discusses the Ebola Epidemic on WCCB
Ealier this week Congressman Pittenger appeared on WCCB Charlotte
to discuss America's reactions to the global Ebola epidemic and the
need for the United States to implement travel restrictions. Watch the
full video
here.
Tell a
Friend
E-mail:
ICYMI:
Congressman Pittenger's
Washington Examiner
Op-Ed
BURGER KING'S
NOT THE PROBLEM, WASHINGTON
IS
by Congressman Robert Pittenger
(NC-09)
The
Washington
Examiner
September 18,
2014
Shame on Burger King for moving to
Canada?
Or shame on us for being unresponsive to businesses and job
creators?
The current debate about corporate inversions
has once again brought out the tired, progressive-socialist rhetoric
railing against corporate profits.
Burger King, Chiquita, and other
iconic American brands are seeking more attractive tax provisions to
better manage their businesses, as they also absorb the high impact of
our costly regulatory environment, including the mandated
requirements of the Un-Affordable Care Act.
All of a sudden it is
un-American to seek a lower tax burden to operate in dynamic and highly
competitive world markets.
American corporations suffer the burden
of the highest corporate tax rate in the industrialized world.
What basis do we have to pout and shudder when they find a smarter way
to do business?
A decade ago I served three terms in the
North Carolina State Senate.
At that time, Democrat policies had
caused North Carolina to require the highest corporate and marginal
tax rates in the southeast, greatly impeding our ability to attract new
business.
North Carolina was losing by default, as
companies relocated to Tennessee, South Carolina, Florida, and Georgia, taking
advantage of their lower corporate and marginal tax rates.
Often, new companies would pop up just across the state line into South
Carolina.
Were we justified to berate these companies for not
coming to North Carolina?
No!
They were following good,
common sense business management.
North Carolinas economy
struggled because of an expanding and bloated state government which had an
insatiable appetite for new revenue, advocated by the Democrat
leadership, who had governed the state since Reconstruction.
New
Republican majorities in the North Carolina House and Senate, and a
Republican Governor, turned this around.
North Carolina is now
projected by the independent Tax Foundation to rank 17 th
nationally in tax climate, a vast improvement in three years from its
previous rank of 44 th .
We have announcements on a
near-weekly basis of companies moving to North Carolina, bringing capital
investment and new jobs.
The challenge is no different regarding
international markets.
While corporations are
competing, building success, and becoming profitable, lets also recognize
that corporate profits fund the expansions that create new jobs and
provide dividends for shareholders to reinvest in our economy or for
seniors as retirement income.
Corporate profits are essential to
continue research and development as they are the lifeblood of innovation
and economic growth.
Corporations generously fund philanthropy
to hospitals, universities, and numerous non-profits important to our
communities.
Should we celebrate corporate losses
instead?
Our objective is clear:
we need to restructure Americas
tax code to be simpler and fairer for all.
Special interests
invade Congress every year seeking carve outs for their
industries.
Congress must eliminate the vast number of loopholes and
deductions created for thousands of well-connected entities, now buried in
Americas 70,000 pages of tax code.
Former Democrat Senator
Max Baucus, Chairman of the Senate Finance Committee, and Republican
Congressman Dave Camp, Chairman of the House Ways and Means Committee,
provided a great working proposal for tax reform that would have reduced
the corporate rate to twenty-five percent and lowered the tax burden
for all Americans, while helping create nearly 2 million new jobs and
adding over 3 trillion dollars to our Gross Domestic Product.
Regrettably, the plan was nixed by President Obama and Senate Majority
Leader Reid, who insisted on $800 billion in new government
revenue.
President Obama and Senator Reid denied American families the
opportunity for revenue-neutral tax reform.
The
Administrations adherence to a non-territorial tax policy has also discouraged
repatriation of $2 trillion in profits which could be reinvested for future
growth and jobs.
Other industrialized countries do not tax
profits from foreign markets, yielding another non-competitive
edge.
Americas tepid recovery can be reversed with sound regulatory
and tax policies similar to those enacted by President Reagan in the
1980s, with bipartisan Congressional support, which created 400,000 to
500,000 jobs each month (one month creating one million jobs), or like
my own state of North Carolina, which has seen a transformation in
economic development from pro-growth tax reform.
Burger King
isnt the villain.
Overstuffed Washington politicians and
bureaucrats are the problem.
Lets use our common sense and recognize
now the course corrections that must be made for the future of our
country.
Click here to see the full,
published op-ed and online comments from the Washington
Examiner.
Charlotte
Office
2701 Coltsgate Rd., Suite 105
Charlotte, NC
28211
Phone: (704) 3621060
Hours: 8:30-5:30 PM (M-F)
Mooresville Office
116 Morlake Dr, Suite 101A
Mooresville,NC
28117
Phone: (704) 6968188
Hours: 8:30-5:30 PM
(M-F)
Please call ahead to ensure staff availability
Washington D.C.
Office
224 Cannon HOB
Washington, DC 20515
Phone:
(202) 2251976
Hours: 8:30-5:30 PM (M-F)
Unsubscribe
|
Update My
Profile
|
Privacy Policy
gateway mail end
