
Congressional Update | October 10, 2014
Message to Alaskans from Congressman Young
With 586,000 square miles, more than 150 cities, countless communities and villages, theres no question that visiting with Alaskans is never a simple task. It is, however, something I look forward to each and every time I return home.
Congressman Young in Bethel at the 50 th
Annual AVCP Convention
As I currently travel the state, listening and learning about the problems that persist and the challenges we face, I am grateful for the Alaskan people and our enduring spirit. As Ive always said, the best work and ideas on behalf of Alaska come directly from the people, and I appreciate the sincere and genuine conversations we have to improve this great state and nation.
For those who have already welcomed me into their communities this fall
Ketchikan, Klowock, Craig, Juneau, Sitka, Metlakatla, Kodiak, Talkeetna, Bethel, Kenai, Soldotna, Nililchik, Anchor Point and Homer
thank you for sharing your thoughts and concerns with me. These invaluable conversations will certainly not be forgotten when Congress returns to pick up where we left off in November.
For the countless others in the Northwest, Interior, the Valley and Southcentral, I look forward to meeting with you to share a congressional update and take back the knowledge and understanding to improve Alaskas economic outlook, defend against Outsider interest, and make our state the best place it can be.
See you on the road!
Protecting the American Worker
In an effort to grow our local economies and restore opportunity for the Alaskan and American people, the House of Representatives has taken significant steps to ensure the federal government does not stand in the way of our nations workers and economic recovery. Some of the most important aspects of this fight include providing relief for already struggling businesses, lowering burdensome taxes, slowing the expansion of federal regulations, and allowing for reasonable economic activity
like responsible timber harvests in Southeast Alaska.
Last month, in a determined effort by the House to help more Americans secure employment and jump-start the economy we passed a broad package of jobs related legislation, including provisions to:
Restore the 40 hour work
week as the definition of a full-time employment under the Affordable Care Act
Permanently ban or repeal certain taxes
to let hardworking American households keep more of their paycheck and choose how they spend it
Slow down and streamline the relentless avalanche of government regulation
in order to remind federal agencies that they work to serve us, not the other way around.
Unfortunately, these problems continue to exist due to a Senate that wishes to ignore the ill-effects of an overreaching federal government.
The President continues to condemn a do-nothing Congress; however, the House has consistently made efforts to pass legislation to create new jobs, improve the economy, and let Alaskans keep more of their hard earned paychecks.
These are the types of changes employers and employees need because running a business continues to grow harder and harder thanks to a bloated federal government that has never met a business practice it didnt want to regulate.
Eliminating Illegal, Unreported and Unregulated Fishing
Coast Guard Cutter Rush escorting suspected high seas drift net fishing vessel Da Cheng in the North Pacific Ocean in 2012.
For those of you who dont know, I proudly serve as the Co-Chair of the House Oceans Caucus
a bipartisan coalition formed a decade ago to address ocean issues in Congress.
Part of this effort includes a dedicated commitment to our fisheries, something countless others from across the country have joined me to protect. One of my biggest concerns is the growth of Illegal, Unreported and Unregulated (IUU) fishing, or simply put, pirate fishing. These criminals steal our resources, harm the health of our stocks, and jeopardize our local economies that depend on our fisheries.
Last month, the House Natural Resources Committee took a significant step to fight back against these thieves and ensure that millions of pounds of illegally caught product never reach the global market by granting our authorities the tools they need.
The legislation we passed, the Illegal, Unreported, and Unregulated Fishing Enforcement Act of 2013, works to strengthen existing enforcement sanctions by revising violations, penalties, permit requirements, and port privileges for vessels taking part in illegal fishing. Not only does this legislation create additional enforcement measures for
the search and inspection of processing facilities, records and shipments, it also develops a comprehensive list of vessels engaged in IUU fishing in order to take action against them.
So Others May Live: Recognizing a True Alaskan Hero
Petty Officer 1st Class Rachid Arnick, Air Station Kodiak, in front of an MH-60 Jayhawk helicopter
Last month, I was honored to attend the award ceremony of Petty Officer 1 st
Class Rachid Arnick, an Air Station Kodiak rescue swimmer who showed extraordinary bravery during the rescue of four Bering Sea fishermen. Words can hardly express my appreciation for individuals like Petty Officer Arnick, who says he is no hero and was simply doing his job. I encourage you to read about his heroic rescue by
clicking here . Semper Paratus!
Auditing the Federal Reserve
Countless Alaskans have expressed their sincere concern with the way the Federal Reserve has expanded their role in the nations economy, particularly since the recent financial turmoil in this country. Whether were talking monetary policy, interest rates or even executive compensation
there is no question the Federal Reserves reach has grown significantly in both the financial and banking sectors.
In September, the House overwhelmingly passed bipartisan legislation that would authorize a complete audit of the United States Federal Reserve by the Government Accountability Office (GAO). The American people have asked to know what the Fed is doing and how they're doing it, and the American people deserve to know this information.
I believe Congress must uphold its responsibility of government oversight and there is no reason why the GAO
a group which regularly inspects other government entities
shouldn't conduct a full audit of the Federal Reserve.
House Passes Short-Term Funding Measure, Authorizes Actions to Defeat ISIS
Alaskans sent me to Congress to make tough decisions and that is exactly what was required of me in mid-September. As some of you may know, this is when we took up and passed a stopgap spending measure to avoid a repeat of last years government shutdown and authorized funding to degrade and destroy the terror group known as ISIS.
While this short-term spending measure was not what the American people deserved, shutting down the government and ignoring the threats of international terrorists would have been both irresponsible and negligent. This is why my House colleagues and I put aside our differences and took the necessary steps to fulfill our obligations to the nation and protect the safety and security of its people.
Included in this bill was an amendment to authorize U.S. military action to combat and deter the growth of ISIS. I voted for that amendment in the hopes of reducing or eliminating the need for another war where a large number of U.S. forces would need to be sent into Iraq or Syria to prevent a terrorist attack on American soil. No question about it, Congress was given no easy choice. Short of putting U.S. servicemen and women back on the ground, which I oppose, this was the only option available.
When making this difficult decision, I heavily weighed two aspects. First and foremost, I thought of our brave service members who have already sacrificed so much to keep America free and our interests safe. Second, I fundamentally believe that ISIS is a determined and serious threat to the United States and the freedoms we often take for granted.
This group is unlike most terrorist organizations in the region. They have the most funding, best training, and most capable equipment of any threat we've previously seen. More importantly, reports show that numerous ISIS fighters hold Western passports, including more than 100 American citizens.
These people and the extremists they fight for pose a direct threat to our nations security and we must decisively act to protect our nation.
I dont believe we can turn a blind eye to the atrocities against humanity currently going on in Iraq and Syria.
The United States cannot put our head in the sand and ignore the serious threat that ISIS poses to Americans everywhere.
We cannot risk inaction and hope that this situation works itself out.
Commonsense Fix for Alaska Native Artists Passes House
In September, the House passed commonsense legislation to address the sale of Alaska Native artwork containing non-edible migratory bird parts and prevent future incidents involving the sale of Alaska Native handicrafts.
Check out the story KGLD-Dillingham did on the passage of my bipartisan legislation by
clicking here .
For more information about Congressman Youngs Commonsense Fix for Alaska Native Artists,
click here .
Congressman Young Visiting Alaskans
The Ketchikan Chamber of Commerce Luncheon listening to Congressman Young
Congressman Young touring the Viking Lumber Mill on Prince of Wales Island
Taking questions at the Prince of Wales Community Advisory Council meeting in Craig
Congressmen Young poses for a photo after the Metlakatla Indian Community Tribal and City Council Meeting
Congressman Young visiting the Juneau Mercantile &amp; Armory to discuss hunting, small business, and our 2nd Amendment rights
Congressman Young providing a congressional update at the Anchorage Chamber of Commerce "Make It Monday" forum
Young speaking at the AVCP 50 th
Annual Convention in Bethel, AK
Taking a moment to greet AVCP Convention guests in Bethel
Congressman Young and Senator Murkowski in Bethel for the AVCP 50 th
Annual Convention
Sitting down for questions and lunch at the Sterling Senior Center in Sterling, AK
Congressman Young Receives Guard of Seniors Rights Award
This week, Congressman Young received the 60 Plus Association's Guardian of Seniors Rights Award for his work on critical seniors' issues, including the protection of Social Security and Medicare for current and future seniors, fighting to repeal overbearing regulations within Obamacare and ending the death tax.
Following the announcement by entertainer and music legend Pat Boone, who serves as spokesman for the non-partisan senior citizen advocacy group, Congressman Young said this:
I must thank the 60 Plus Association for this award and for their continued support to protect senior citizens from crushing regulations and policies that attack years of hard earned retirement and savings. As Ive said before, the Federal government should not be the first in line when an individual passes away and leaves their hard earned savings to their family. I have consistently worked to reduce the inflated tax burden facing our nations elderly and will continue to defend our seniors in Congress.
Click here
for more information about the award.
Alaska Delegation Urges DOE to Approve Alaska LNG Export Application
Last week, the Alaska congressional delegation called on the Department of Energy to expeditiously approve a liquefied natural gas (LNG) export license to ensure Alaskas stranded natural gas resources reach market.
The Alaska LNG Project is a long time coming, and Congressman Young is pleased to join a unified effort to remove federal barriers to bring our tremendous natural gas resources to market. Projects like this will encourage Alaskas prosperity by ensuring well-paying jobs for our citizens and added revenue for our state, all while continuing Alaskas role in meeting the energy needs of the 21st Century.
For more information,
click here .
Fighting For U.S. Pollock Fisheries
Congressman Young joined a bipartisan group of lawmakers last month to urge the FDA to change the legal market name of Alaska pollock to pollock in order to differentiate Alaskan-caught pollock from the more than 100 million pounds of Russian-harvested pollock purchased by Americans each year.
This clarification will make a significant difference for our Alaskan Pollock fishery, the 2.5 billion pounds they sustainably harvest each year, and to the everyday American consumer. Its a very simple solution to a 100 million pound problem; otherwise, Russian caught Pollock will continue to be passed off as Alaskan due to a confusing market name.
Click here
for more information.
Blast From the Past
#TBT
Life on the river with my lovely Lu
#TBT
We've been able to accomplish a lot over the years, but the work for a better Alaska continues
CONNECT
If you havent already, follow me on Twitter ( @repdonyoung ) and like my page on Facebook ( RepDonYoung ) to get updates from me on whats happening in Washington that matters to you.
Click Here Click Here