
You already know that Election Day is just in 19 days. But we want to tell you why Democrats are going to WIN. Check out these battleground states:
Friend -- You already know that Election Day is in just 19 days.
But we want to tell you why Democrats are going to WIN. Check out these battleground states:
NORTH CAROLINA
( 47 - 45 ) : Democrats are leading early voting by 8%.
GEORGIA
( 48 - 45 ) : We&rsquo;re investing $1 MILLION in ads in this WINNABLE Southern state.
IOWA
( 42 - 42 ) : Democratic early voters are outnumbering Republicans by 15%.
COLORADO
( 48 - 45 ) : Every voter gets a ballot in the mail for the first time, greatly benefiting Democrats.
It&rsquo;s simple: If we sweep these four states, we win the Senate. But it will be SO, SO close&hellip; and we need EVERY SINGLE DEMOCRAT ENGAGED.
Michelle Obama called on you to pledge to Keep the Senate Blue.
(Watch her video!)
Will you sign her pledge?
Add your name &gt;&gt;
Thanks for your support -- we&rsquo;ll need it over the last 19 days.
Together, we&rsquo;ll hand the GOP an absolutely devastating loss when we surge to victory on Election Day.
Let&rsquo;s win this!
DSCC Battleground Update
P.S.
The Senate is completely deadlocked with 19 days left. We just have to ask -- will you pitch in today to help us win? We&#39;ll RIP victory away from the Republicans !
Every dollar you give today will go to protect our Democratic Senate majority.
Thank you for your continued support.
Democratic Senatorial Campaign Committee
P.O. Box 96047
Washington, DC 20090
Paid for by the Democratic Senatorial Campaign Committee, dscc.org,
and not authorized by any candidate or candidate&#39;s committee.
The DSCC is the only organization solely dedicated to supporting Democrats in the U.S. Senate. This message was sent to dj724530@gmail.com because you are a part of the DSCC&rsquo;s grassroots network. Please add us to your address book or approved senders list to sure you keep receiving DSCC updates.
We greatly appreciate your continued support and participation &ndash; it&rsquo;s absolutely critical if we&rsquo;re going to stop a Republican Senate takeover. If you&rsquo;d like to stop receiving all emails from the DSCC, please
unsubscribe . But if you&#39;d like to make a contribution to support us, please
click here .
Contributions or gifts to the DSCC are not tax deductible.
