
If you are having trouble viewing this message or
would like to share it on a social network, you can
view the message online .
HOME
HOW CAN DAVID HELP?
ISSUES
NEWSROOM
LEGISLATION
ABOUT DAVID
CONTACT
DAVID
The Fastest Rope Climber in
Washington
An Interview with Gary
Setbacken
By Annalee Monroe
The Few. The Proud. The
Marines.
Born April 9,
1946, in Yakima, Washington, Gary Lee Setbacken was destined to be a
Marine.
He was raised around the Marine Corps.
His
grandfather was a Marine in World War I, and his mother and father were
Marines in World War II.
By the time I was 5 years old, I could sing
the Marine Corps hymn, Gary recalls, so I was pretty much set for
the Marine Corps as my career path.
When graduation neared in
high school, Gary and the other tough, smart ones decided to join the
Marine Corps while his other classmates either went to college or
joined other branches of the service.
At graduation, Gary proudly
placed 398 th
out of 442 kids.
One month after, his
high school friend Hector, a Cuban refugee, decided to join Gary on
the Buddy plan and enlist in the Marine Corps.
Gary enlisted on
July 6, 1964, at 18 years old.
After taking pre-requisite tests,
Gary was off to boot camp in San Diego two weeks
later.
Boot camp, as
Gary remembers, was brutal.
Like everyone else, he says, he stood
on the yellow footprints and thought, Oh, what the hell have I
done?
He actually used stronger language, he joked; however, given
Garys past experience as a gymnast, he was able to survive it better
than most.
In one instance, on the third day of training, Gary
and the other Marines had to climb a 30-foot rope.
Luckily, Gary
was well prepared in this field, as he had been the
2 nd
fastest high school rope climber in the United States, and
1 st
in Washington state.
I could climb a 20-foot rope
from sitting to the top in 3.9 seconds, Gary remembers.
I was
like a ninja warrior.
After climbing the 30-foot rope in mere
seconds, his DI, Commander Richardson, asked how he could climb so
fast.
Gary had been a champion rope climber for three years.
On
the last day of boot camp, he repeated his rope climbing achievement
when he requested a rope climbing contest and won.
I was up and
down before most of the guys had left the
ground!
He was also an
accomplished shooter in high school, which helped on the rifle range.
Right
after the conclusion of boot camp, he was awarded the rank of Private
First Class, along with his Cuban friend Hector, and had won Expert
with a score of 229, the top rating for a Marine
shooter.
Apart from
his athletic prowess, Gary had a wide range of knowledge, especially in
electronics.
His technical aptitude was demonstrated in a
Military Occupational Specialty test, where the Marine Corps recognized his
skill level in technology.
His next assignment was to radio
repairman school based on his expertise and test scores in
electronics.
However, a month later, a Marine major called him.
I was
scared shitless, Gary recalls.
The major told Gary that he had
been selected to go to fire distribution school because he had scored
the highest in the electronic selection of the MOS test.
Gary was
relieved.
I thought, oh boy, I get to be a fireman.
That
might keep me out of Vietnam.
However, he quickly learned that
fire distribution school was actually missile school, and he would be
working with electronics and computers controlling the Hawk
Anti-Aircraft Missile.
Gary was transferred from California to Fort Bliss,
Texas, for fire distribution school.
The first nine months in Texas
he went to school eight hours a day, five days a week, learning how to
repair computers and learn electronic codes.
It was very crude
technology compared to nowadays, he says.
Gary was at the top
of the class until he discovered Juarez and beer.
Nevertheless,
he graduated in the top 10% of his class.
After graduation from Fort Bliss,
Gary was transferred to the Marine reserve base at Twentynine Palms in
California, where he finished his enlistment.
He continued to
work on computers controlling the fire distribution of the Hawk
missiles.
Gary fondly remembers his service at Twentynine Palms.
I was just a young man, growing up and trying to find a
girlfriend.
There were essentially three things you could do at Twentynine
Palms: 1. Go to the library, 2. Go to the weight room, or 3. Drink beer.
He liked to get off the base during his off-duty hours and
explore the local scene.
The base was only 30 miles from Palm
Springs and three hours from Newport Beach.
It was a target-rich
environment, he fondly remembers.
Gary continued his athletic excellence
throughout his service.
He achieved five lifts of Hercules,
which were lifts computed by percentage of body weight.
In an
official rope-climbing contest at the base, Gary came in first out of the
other rope climbers, selected from 5,000 men.
Afterwards, a
general came up to Gary and told him that in 30 years hed never seen anyone
climb a rope so fast.
In the final six months of his service,
Garys fire distribution equipment was sent to Vietnam, and Gary was
transferred to work at the fitness center.
Gary was a short
timer and was not needed in Vietnam for the last few months of his
service.
He was asked to try out for sniper school, but declined,
because I preferred shooting deer.
They didnt shoot back at
me.
After
four years of service, Garys enlistment ended on July 5, 1968.
When asked why he left the Marine Corps after so few years, he jokingly
replied, Well, I wanted to let my hair grow out!
Truthfully,
he says, he felt his time was up in the Marine Corps, but he was
extremely proud of the service he had given.
Today, Gary Setbacken is as
proud as a Marine could be.
At 67 years old, he is fit and trim and
holds confidence and humor that captivates everyone around
him.
After
the Marine Corps, Gary returned to college for one semester and later
found a job with R&amp;D Computers and applied his electronic
skills.
After two months, however, he was bored and quit his job.
He then traveled to Alaska.
In Dutch Harbor he beat the skipper
of a crab boat at arm wrestling and was offered a job on the spot on
a crab boat.
Nowadays, Dutch Harbor is the setting of the TV
show
Most Dangerous Catch .
Unfortunately, Gary was up
there 45 years too early!
He did save enough money to buy a
house in California, but he and his returning Marine buddies partied
until all the money was gone.
Four months later, with all the
money spent, Gary found a job at Jack LaLannes European Health Spa.
However, through the years, Gary continued to hop between different
jobs.
From being a furniture company manager, and a suggestion
program evaluator at a weapons-grade plutonium plant, to becoming a
recognized, leading steel-industry salesman traveling all over the world
marketing steel products to copper and gold mines, Gary remained
curious and a risk-taker in all his endeavors.
Continuing his
athleticism, Gary was a power lifter until he was 48 years old, and a few
years ago, at age 65, he was still able to do seventeen
chin-ups!
Reflecting on
his service, Gary says he is extremely fortunate he was in the small
percentage of the Marine Corps who did not go to Vietnam.
He
never wanted to go overseas, but says that if he were called upon, he
would have gone willingly.
He is extremely grateful for the Marine
Corps, though, and says, It gave me structure and discipline for four
years.
Had it not been for the Corps, he might have just
wandered through life for a few years; the Corps gave him direction and
taught him teamwork, leadership, and camaraderie.
At the urging of
one of his fellow Marines, Mike, Gary also used his GT score of 148 to
join Mensa.
The Marine Corps is the most proud of the service
branches.
Gary encourages young people today to support the military
because they will sacrifice all to protect the freedom of our
country.
The Marine Corps tradition of service to country and pride in
being a Marine is what all Marines, active and former, live
for.
Annalee Monroe
participated in Veterans Heritage
Project for 3 years and interviewed four veterans, including Gary. She
graduated valedictorian from Cactus Shadows High School in May 2014 and
is currently a Freshman at Stanford University. She was also chosen
student keynote speaker at Phoenix's National Cemetery on Memorial Day
2014. She said of her grandfather who is buried there: "When I see the
flags around us, I am comforted by the fact that my grandpa rests
here. He wouldn't have it any other wayto be in such a place
that honors veterans and the United States of America."
Gary
Setbacken
is now retired and lives with his wife Cissy in
Cave Creek, Arizona.
He enjoys four-wheeling and F-class
competition shooting, working out, and hanging out with his fellow Marine
buddies.
The Veterans Heritage Project (VHP) is an Arizona-based
nonprofit dedicated to connecting student writers with Veterans in an
effort to preserve and record their stories of service. In a time when
fewer than 0.5% of Americans serve in uniform, organizations like VHP
are irreplaceable. Without their writing and work they put forth in
educating our younger generation, an entire American community of
people might otherwise never know the sacrifices that came with our
Veterans' service.
In its 11 years, nearly 500 students in the Veterans
Heritage Project have interviewed more than 875 Arizona
Veterans. Veterans stories are published in annual books that are submitted to the
Library of Congress, in Washington D.C.
Students from schools
across the Valley and Arizona learn the art of interviewing and
communication, while preserving American history.
Congressman David Schweikert will
showcase a selection of stories online to honor our Veterans and provide
a broader forum to share their important
perspectives.
Scottsdale District Office
10603 North Hayden
Rd., Ste. 108
Scottsdale, AZ 85260
Phone: (480) 946-2411
Fax:
(480) 946-2446
Washington D.C. Office
1205 Longworth
HOB
Washington, DC 20515
Phone: (202) 225-2190
Fax: (202)
225-0096
Unsubscribe
|
Update My Profile
|
Privacy Policy
gateway
mail end 