
October 2, 2014
Dear Friend,
Each month, I record a video address
that recaps what we've been working on the
previous month. Video and text of
September's Monthly Video Address are
available below. You may view the video by
clicking the image or by clicking
here .
Hi, Im Robert Hurt. Thank
you for tuning into our Monthly Video
Address for the month of September.
It is an honor to represent
Virginias Fifth District, and I
appreciate the opportunity to share with
you some of what we have been working on
over the course of the past month.
One of the things we are most proud of
in Virginia's Fifth District are the
exceptional educational institutions. For
that reason we have chosen to film this
month's video address at Thomas Jefferson's
Rotunda. This is an iconic symbol for this
nation's commitment to learning and to the
education of our citizenry.
The University of Virginia and the
Commonwealths other outstanding
institutions of higher education are
leaders in world-class, cutting-edge
research that have led to everything from
life-saving medical treatments to
breath-taking advancements in engineering.
In areas from engineering to biotechnology
to medicine, research at our universities
is essential to supporting the cycle of
innovation. Innovation-driven
entrepreneurship is key to generating
dynamic job growth here in Virginia and
across our great nation.
However, as I have traveled across
Virginia's Fifth District, I have heard
that small innovative startup companies are
disproportionally burdened by excessive
regulation that often prevents them from
devoting their full resources to developing
their products and creating jobs that we
desperately need.
With this in mind, this month the House
of Representatives passed two pro-growth
legislative packages that are designed to
make it easier for those companies to
succeed and to grow. In fact, each of these
packages contained a piece of bipartisan
legislation that I sponsored with
democratic colleagues who share my desire
to help encourage these small growing
companies.
The first of these bills is
the
Small Company Disclosure Simplification
Act . This bill streamlines the
unnecessary and duplicative filing
requirements that small public companies
have with the Securities and Exchange
Commission. This legislation would ensure
investor protection and, at the same time,
allow these small companies to focus on
developing their research and attracting
the critical capital investment that they
need to be successful. Furthermore, this
streamlined disclosure regime would help
encourage more small companies to pursue
capital in our public equity markets. I am
pleased that on September 16th this bill
passed the House with a bipartisan majority
of 320 to 102.
The second bill included in this House
passed jobs package is
the
bipartisan Small Business Capital Access
and Job Preservation Act . It is
important to note, especially in Virginia's
Fifth District, where we have some
localities with unemployment rates as high
as ten percent, that there are thousands of
jobs in Virginia that are supported by
private investment funds. Unfortunately,
some of these private investment funds were
swept into unnecessary and burdensome
regulations required by the Dodd Frank
financial reform. These new regulations on
these funds have resulted in unnecessary
and expensive government filings and,
again, make it more difficult for these
funds to invest in small private companies
that are responsible for tremendous job
creation in Virginia and across our
country. Our bill would remove these
unnecessary requirements and allow these
firms to devote their energy to analyzing
and investing in these small companies --
while preserving investor protection. I am
pleased that on September 18th this bill
passed the House with a bipartisan majority
of 253 to 163.
Finally, the House of Representatives
voted on a continuing resolution -- which
is a government spending bill-- that
included an amendment that would authorize
the training and arming Syrian rebels in
support of the goal to destroy the Islamic
State in Iraq and the Levant, also known as
ISIL. While I agree with the President that
ISIL is a direct threat to our national
security that must be destroyed,
I
was unable to support this amendment
because the President refused to request
from Congress, as required by the United
States Constitution, a broader
Authorization for Use of Military Force in
Iraq and Syria. The American people and
their representatives in Congress must be
afforded the opportunity to have an honest
and candid debate over what will be
necessary to achieve our shared objective
and exactly what will be ultimately
required of the American people and of our
brave men and women in uniform as we embark
on this wider military course.
Once again, I thank you for the
opportunity to represent you in Congress,
and I look forward to continuing our work
to promote a brighter future for our
children and our grandchildren. As we
close, I encourage you to sign up for
updates at our website at
hurt.house.gov
and join the conversation on our social
media pages. Thank you for tuning into our
monthly video address.
Sincerely,
Washington, DC
- 125 Cannon HOB
* Washington, DC 20515 * Phone: (202) 225-4711
Charlottesville
- 686 Berkmar
Circle * Charlottesville, VA 22901 * Phone: (434)
973-9631
Danville
- 308 Craghead St.,
Suite 102-D * Danville, VA 24541 * Phone: (434)
791-2596
Farmville
- 515 S. Main Street,
P.O. Box O * Farmville, VA 23901 * Phone: (434)
395-0120
Home
|
Privacy
Policy
|
Unsubscribe
This e-mail was sent to dj724530@gmail.com
Click here to unsubscribe
Congressman Robert Hurt
125 Cannon HOB
Washington, DC 20515
Phone: (202) 225-4711
Fax: (202) 225-5681