
Friday, October 17, 2014
WEBSITE
|
FORWARD TO A FRIEND
| SHARE ON:
Update on Issues Impacting Florida's 18th District
All Aboard Florida
Following the
recent announcement by the U.S. Coast Guard
that it would be postponing their scheduled navigation study meetings to be able to accommodate a larger audience and allow for verbal comment submissions, I called on the Coast Guard to reschedule these meetings as soon as possible.
This week, I sent them a letter expressing the urgency of holding these meetings so that the community's serious maritime concerns with an anticipated increase in rail traffic across the St. Lucie and Loxahatchee rivers can be brought to the attention of the Coast Guard and the Federal Railroad Administration before the Environmental Impact Statement for All Aboard Florida is finalized.
(Read more about these efforts
here ) .
Celebrating St. Lucie County's Selection for New VA Facility
This past Monday, I was honored to join in an event to celebrate the hard work this community put forth to bring the new state VA nursing home to St. Lucie County. This success is a testament to what teamwork and dedication can accomplish.
Rep. Murphy discusses the importance of this new VA nursing facility with local veterans.
It took leaders coming together on federal, state, and local levels to make this a reality, and I was humbled to be part of this effort. However, it is our entire community that should be recognized for their work and patience. It was a long process and a huge victory for our community, especially our veterans.
(Read more about these ongoing efforts
here ) .
Together we worked to urge the Florida Department of Veterans Affairs, Governor Scott, and the Florida State Cabinet to select St. Lucie County for this new facility. Not only does this facility answer the pressing need for a nursing facility in St. Lucie County, the new 120-bed facility will also bring almost 200 jobs to the community. I look forward to the day we open the doors of this much needed and deserved VA nursing facility.
Aggressive Action Needed to Address Ebola
After initial decisive action from the Administration to support efforts to contain Ebola on the ground in Western Africa, the American public is losing confidence in our nations ability to control this situation.
Now that Ebola has been contracted in our country, I believe the Administration must take aggressive action to restore confidence and stop the spread of the virus.
That is why I have sent a
letter
to the President calling for a travel ban as well as an investigation into what went wrong in Dallas.
This heartbreaking humanitarian crisis in Western Africa must not become a public health crisis in America.
( Read the full letter here ).
Upcoming Events
- St. Monica's Famous Fish Fry
- 2014 Audubon Assembly
- COASI meeting
- Lines in the Lagoon Family Awards Dinner
- Indiantown Rodeo
- Caribbean American Cultural Group's 30th Anniversary Ball
- CSEA Local 951 meeting
- Florida Not All Aboard Beach Blast event
- St. Lucie County NAACP Gala
NOTE: Please DO NOT respond to this email as this inbox is unattended. To contact my office please
click here
UPDATE SUBSCRIPTION OPTIONS
|
PRIVACY POLICY
|
CONTACT US
Click Here Click Here