
Congressman Gowdy | October 17, 2014
Click here
if you have trouble viewing this email
Letter
to the President on Ebola
Yesterday,
House Judiciary Chairman Bob Goodlatte and I called on the President to
institute a travel ban on foreign nationals from countries experiencing Ebola
outbreaks. The Administration should strongly consider this ban, as well as all
other options, to protect the American public.
In addition, our frontline health care workers deserve our respect and
admiration for their tireless and heroic work as well as an assurance they are being
provided with all necessary training and equipment.
Below
is the full text of the letter:
Mr.
President,
We
write regarding your solemn duty as the President of the United States to take
every step possible to protect the American people from danger.
Specifically,
we urge you to use authority granted to you by Congress in the Immigration and
Nationality Act to prohibit foreign nationals who were recently present in an
Ebola-ravaged country, from entering the United States.
8
U.S.C. 1182(f) states [W]henever the President finds that the entry of any
aliens or of any class of aliens into the United States would be detrimental to
the interests of the United States, he may by proclamation, and for such period
as he shall deem necessary, suspend the entry of all aliens or any class of
aliens as immigrants or nonimmigrants, or impose on the entry of aliens any
restrictions he deems to be appropriate.
You
utilized this provision in August 2011, to restrict the international travel
and to suspend the entry into the United States, as immigrants or
nonimmigrants, of certain persons who participated in serious human rights and
humanitarian law violations. Preventing Americans from contracting Ebola, which
the World Health Organization (WHO) notes has a death rate of up to 90% and
has already killed at least 4,484 people in Guinea, Liberia and Sierra Leone,
is every bit as important as preventing human rights abusers from entering the
United States.
While
Ebola is not transmittable until a victim develops symptoms, the WHO notes that
the incubation period can be 42 days or longer and that certain methods of
Ebola transmission can continue for as long as seven weeks after a patients
recovery. Therefore we urge that your use of 8 U.S.C. 1182(f) cover any foreign
national who was present in a country with widespread and intense transmission
of Ebola within the two months prior to desired travel to the U.S.
Such a
travel restriction can and should be temporary, with the moratorium lifted when
the Ebola outbreak in West Africa, and any other countries with a subsequent
outbreak, is controlled.
We
have listened with interest to the arguments articulated by officials within
the Administration in opposition to a ban on travel from affected
countries.
Unfortunately, such arguments seem to have little, if any,
merit.
And a growing number of Americans agree.
In fact an October
14, 2014, ABC News/Washington Post poll showed that 67% of Americans surveyed
said they would support restricting entry to the United States by people
whove been in affected countries.
Use
of 8 U.S.C. 1182(f) is not only reasonable at this point, but is prudent and
necessary to help prevent additional Ebola cases in the U.S.
It will also
help begin to turn around Americans large-scale lack of confidence that the
Federal government is doing everything it can to protect them from
Ebola.
Thank
you for your immediate attention to this critical matter.
Forward to a Friend
|
Share on Facebook
|
Share on Twitter
|
Permalink
Washington, DC Office
1404 Longworth HOB
Washington, DC 20515
Phone: (202) 225-6030
Fax: (202) 226-1177
Greenville Office
104 South Main St.
Greenville, SC 29601
Phone: (864) 241-0175
Fax: (864) 241-0982
Spartanburg Office
101 West St. John St.
Spartanburg, SC 29306
Phone: (864) 583-3264
Fax: (864) 583-3926
UPDATE SUBSCRIPTION OPTIONS
|
PRIVACY POLICY
|
CONTACT US
Click Here Click Here