
Send me an email
|
Forward to a Friend
September 8-19, 2014
Called for a full audit of the Fed
Congressman Forbes supported the Federal Reserve Transparency Act,
H.R. 24 , which will allow for a full audit of the Federal Reserve. Currently, some transactions and areas of the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System and Federal Reserve banks are excluded from the audits conducted by the GAO. This bill repeals those limitations.
This bill passed by a vote of 333-92.
Supported American manufacturing
Congressman Forbes supported the Revitalize American Manufacturing and Innovation Act,
H.R. 2996 , to create a network of public-private partnerships across the United States to design and test new technologies in manufacturing. This bill requires the Commerce Department to establish the Network for Manufacturing Innovation (NMI) Program to improve the competitiveness of U.S. manufacturing and increase the production of goods manufactured within the United States.
This bill passed by voice vote.
Worked to prevent identity theft
Congressman Forbes supported the Stopping Tax Offenders and Prosecuting (STOP) Identity Theft Act,
H.R.744 , which adds tax return fraud to the list of predicate offenses for aggravated identity theft and expands the definition of an identity theft victim to include businesses and charitable organizations, which often have their identities stolen and used in phishing schemes to extract the sensitive information from unsuspecting taxpayers used in tax return thefts.
This bill passed by voice vote.
Veterans
Ensured veterans receive the benefits they have earned . Congressman Forbes supported the Veterans Compensation Cost-of-Living Adjustment Act,
S.893 , which increases the amounts paid to veterans for disability compensation and to their survivors for dependency and indemnity compensation by the same cost-of-living adjustment (COLA) that will be payable to Social Security recipients.
This bill passed by voice vote.
Improved access to care for veterans .
Congressman Forbes supported the VA Construction Assistance Act,
H.R. 3593 , to improve VA construction procedures and practices, and to ensure that VA hospitals and health clinics are constructed on time and on budget.
This bill passed by voice vote.
Ensured veterans continue to get the help they need .
Congressman Forbes supported the Department of Veterans Affairs Expiring Authorities Act,
H.R. 5404 , which extends a number of expiring authorizations for healthcare and homeless programs and benefits for disabled veterans, such as employment assistance to homeless veterans, child care assistance for veterans receiving intensive healthcare services, and transportation for rural veterans to receive medical care.
This bill passed by voice vote.
Helped our combat wounded . Congressman Forbes supported the Veterans Traumatic Brain Injury Improvement Act,
H.R. 4276 , which seeks to learn from a pilot program for assisted living services for veterans with traumatic brain injury. This bill would also increase the treatment options available to veterans to include neurobehavioral programs, residential programs, comprehensive holistic programs, and home-based programs.
This bill passed by voice vote.
Recognized the contributions of our female veterans . Congressman Forbes cosponsored legislation to amend the VFW Congressional Charter,
H.R. 5441 , to reflect the service of women in the Armed Forces of the United States.
Government Reform
Ensured transparency of federal records . Congressman Forbes supported the Federal Records Accountability Act,
H.R. 5170 , which will allow for the suspension and removal of employees who deliberately destroy federal records.
This bill also restricts top White House employees from using non-official electronic messaging accounts.
This bill passed by voice vote .
Worked to increase transparency at the IRS.
Congressman Forbes supported the Prohibit IRS Employees from Using Personal Accounts Act,
HR 5418 , to prohibit officers or employees of the Internal Revenue Service (IRS) from using a personal email account to conduct any official business of the government.
This bill passed by voice vote.
Ensured rights for organizations applying for tax-exempt status.
Congressman Forbes supported the Providing Appeal Rights for Tax-Exempt Status Act,
H.R. 5419 , to allow organizations denied tax-exempt status to directly appeal to the IRSs Appeals Office and bypass the initial appeals process through the Exempt Organizations Division, which denied the initial tax-exempt request.
This bill passed by voice vote.
Protected taxpayers' personal information.
Congressman Forbes supported
H.R. 5420
which permits the IRS to release information regarding the status of certain investigations of the unauthorized disclosure of tax return information. It allows the Treasury Department to provide certain types of information to individuals who report violations relating to the unlawful sharing or inspection of tax return information.
This bill passed by voice vote.
Worked to curtail fraudulent phone calls.
Congressman Forbes supported the Anti-Spoofing Act,
H.R. 3670 , to expand the prohibition on transmitting inaccurate caller identification information to include the sending of text messages and Voice-over-Internet Protocol (VoIP) calls that enable callers to make outgoing-only calls from computers and tablets to mobile and landline phones. The bill also prohibits sending inaccurate caller-ID information to those receiving calls or text messages when located in the United States. Currently, the prohibition applies only when the sender of the incorrect information is in the United States.
This bill passed by voice vote.
Defense
Discussed strategy and budget issues with Chief of Naval Operations . Congressman Forbes met with the Chief of Naval Operations, Admiral Jonathan Greenert, to discuss US Navy budget issues. As Chairman of the Seapower and Projection Forces Subcommittee, Congressman Forbes has been a strong advocate for the Navy-Marine Corps team.
Attended a House Armed Services Committee briefing on global security threats . Congressman Forbes attended a House Armed Services Committee (HASC) briefing with Defense Intelligence Agency experts on recent security developments in Europe, Iraq, Syria, Latin America, Africa, and East Asia. The Congressman continues to closely monitor the global security situation and work to find ways to keep Americans safe.
Opposed Bergdahl trade . Congressman Forbes supported a resolution,
H.Res.644 , which condemns and disapproves of the Obama administrations failure to comply with the law to notify Congress before releasing individuals detained at United States Naval Station, Guantanamo Bay, Cuba, and expressing national security concerns over the release of five Taliban leaders and the repercussions of negotiating with terrorists.
This bill passed by a vote of 249-163.
Foreign Affairs
Urging Iranian Cooperation . Congressman Forbes joined a bipartisan group of more than 100 Members of Congress, in signing a
letter
to Secretary of State Kerry, urging him to insist on Iranian nuclear transparency with respect to the possible military dimensions of their nuclear programs.
Supported the Jewish people . Congressman Forbes cosponsored a resolution,
H.Res.707 , which condemns all forms of anti-Semitism and denounces violent attacks as an acceptable expression of disapproval or frustration over political events in the Middle East.
Seniors
Supported seniors access to care.
Congressman Forbes supported
H.R. 4067 , to delay the Medicare Supervision Requirement in small rural hospitals.
In 2008, the Centers for Medicare &amp; Medicaid Services (CMS) finalized a rule requiring Medicare providers be supervised by physicians while performing certain outpatient services if providers want to be reimbursed for the services. Due to compliance burdens and concerns, CMS issued a hold on the rule in 2010, instructing its Medicare contractors not to evaluate or enforce the supervision requirements for services provided to outpatients in so-called "critical access hospitals," including small and rural hospitals, for 2010 until the agency could revisit the supervision policy.
This bill continues that regulatory stay through 2014.
This bill passed by voice vote.
Worked to improve the delivery of care under Medicare.
Congressman Forbes supported the Improving Medicare Post-Acute Care Transformation (IMPACT) Act,
H.R. 4994 , to establish a system for collecting standardized post-acute care assessment data for quality, payment and discharge planning under Medicare.
This bill will enable Medicare to compare quality across different post-acute care settings, improve hospital and post-acute care discharge planning and determine the most appropriate setting of care for seniors.
This bill passed by voice vote.
Worked to reduce the claims backlog for durable medical equipment audits.
Congressman Forbes cosponsored the Medicare DMEPOS Audit Improvement and Reform (AIR) Act,
H.R. 5083 , to help alleviate the current audit claims backlog within the Medicare durable medical equipment system by improving audit contractor education and incentivizing suppliers to maintain low error rates on audited claims.
Business and Economy
Worked to reduce the regulatory burden on small businesses.
Congressman Forbes supported the Promoting Job Creation and Reducing Small Business Burdens Act,
H.R. 5405 , which modifies numerous regulations in an effort to reduce the regulatory compliance burden on small businesses and spur business growth.
This bill passed by a vote of 320-102.
Supported job growth in America.
Congressman Forbes supported the Jobs for America Act,
H.R. 4 , a package of fifteen bills aimed at reducing regulatory burdens and providing tax relief for job creators across the country.
This bill was passed by a vote of 253-163.
Questioned the NLRBs Joint-Employer ruling.
Congressman Forbes cosigned a
letter
to the National Labor Relations Board (NLRB) requesting additional information on the NLRBs recent determination that franchisors can be viewed as joint-employers with their franchisees.
Healthcare
Worked to improve awareness of Sudden Unexplained Death in Children.
Congressman Forbes supported the Sudden Unexpected Death Data Enhancement and Awareness Act,
H.R. 669 , to authorize the continuation of data collection regarding the unexpected deaths of children, including stillbirth, sudden unexpected infant death (SUID) and Sudden Unexplained Death in Children (SUDC).
This bill passed by voice vote.
Supported Lyme disease research and accountability.
Congressman Forbes supported the Vector-Borne Disease Research Accountability and Transparency Act,
H.R. 4701 , to add Lyme disease and other tick-borne diseases to the list of diseases tracked and researched by the Department of Health and Human Services (HHS). It requires HHS to conduct or support basic, translational and clinical research and to issue biennial reports to Congress on the actions undertaken by the National Institutes of Health and the progress made.
This bill passed by voice vote.
Worked to protect individuals health plans.
Congressman Forbes supported the Employee Health Care Protection Act,
H.R. 3522 , which allows health insurance companies to continue offering, through 2018, non-qualified health policies in the group market that were in effect at any time during 2013
allowing businesses and employees with such policies to keep them, and for other businesses to purchase them. Under the measure, those policies would be treated as a grandfathered health plan that satisfies the minimum essential health insurance coverage requirements set by the Affordable Care Act.
This bill passed by a vote of 247-167.
Supported emergency medical services for children.
Congressman Forbes supported the Emergency Medical Services for Children Reauthorization Act,
S. 2154 , to authorize funding for the Emergency Medical Services for Children (EMSC) program for each of the fiscal years 2015 through 2019.
This bill passed by a vote of 410-4.
Family Values
Protected Bibles in Navy Lodge facilities.
Congressman Forbes led 26 Members
of Congress in a bipartisan
letter
to the Secretary of the Navy, Ray Mabus, urging that the Navy replace donated religious materials in Navy Lodge guest facilities after Bibles were removed from the rooms because an outside organization complained.
The letter notes, The mere presence of a Bible or other religious texttexts which are typically placed out of sight in a nightstand drawercoerces no one.
The Establishment Clause does not require that you remove the Bibles from the guest rooms.
In September, the Navy confirmed that the memo ordering the removal of the Bibles had been rescinded, and that the Bibles would be returned.
Opposed continued religious freedom violations.
Congressman Forbes joined 51 Members of Congress in a
letter
to HHS Secretary Burwell, expressing disappointment that the new rules for the HHS mandate fail to cure the constitutional violations of the mandate by not providing a clear exemption for those with religious or moral objections. The letter states, The government may not dictate how Americans may exercise their beliefsReligious liberty applies to all, and any rule that attempts to limit who may exercise these freedoms is unconstitutional and intolerable.
Energy and Environment
Worked to create jobs and reduce energy prices.
Congressman Forbes supported the American Energy Solutions for Lower Costs and More American Jobs Act,
H.R. 2 , to increase domestic production, expand energy infrastructure, promote new technologies, improve our energy security, and lower energy costs for American families.
This bill passed by a vote of 226-191.
Opposed burdensome regulations.
Congressman Forbes supported the Waters of the United States Overreach Protection Act,
H.R. 5078 , which prohibits the Environmental Protection Agency (EPA) and the Army Corps of Engineers from finalizing, implementing or enforcing the proposed Waters of the U.S. or WOTUS rule.
The proposed WOTUS rule was published on March 24 th
to redefine the scope of waters protected under the Clean Water Act (CWA). Under the proposed rule, any and all ephemeral (short-lived) and intermittent streams, and the wetlands that are connected or next to them, will be subject to federal oversight. The proposed rule asserts federal jurisdiction over nearly all areas with any hydrologic connection to downstream navigable waters, including man-made conveyances such as ditches.
This bill passed by a vote of 262-152.
Financial Services
Supported financial awareness and savings in America.
Congressman Forbes supported the American Savings Promotion Act,
H.R. 3374 , to allow federally regulated financial institutions to offer savings promotion raffles to customers who make savings deposits. The annual savings rate in the United States was 4.1% in 2012; more than 40% of American households do not have enough savings to cover basic expenses for three months.
This bill passed by a voice vote.
Supported efforts to clarify regulatory standards.
Congressman Forbes supported the Insurance Capital Standards Clarification Act,
H.R. 5461 , which includes several provisions intended to ease or clarify certain regulatory requirements, by exempting certain end users of derivatives from "margin calls" and allowing certain banks that own collateralized loan obligations to retain those investments. It also clarifies what are considered "points and fees" toward the 3% limit for qualified mortgages and excludes insurers from certain capital holding requirements.
This bill passed by a vote of 327-97.
About Washington Update
Washington Update serves as a resource to the constituents of the Fourth Congressional District of Virginia on the work of Congressman Forbes. It is published weekly while Congress is in session. Hyperlinks to bill information are provided if the information disseminated by the House of Representatives is available at the time of distribution.
As always, Congressman Forbes welcomes your comments. To share your thoughts on legislation, votes or issues, please visit
http://randyforbes.house.gov
to send an e-mail or call any of Congressman Forbes' three district offices.
Home
|
Contact
|
Forward to a Friend
|
Unsubscribe
|
Subscribe
|
Privacy
|
Office Locations
Please do not reply to this message. This email address does not accept incoming messages. To send an email,
click here .
Click Here Click Here