
HOME
|
About Mike
|
Contact YOUR Office
|
Serving You
|
Newsroom
|
Legislative Work
|
4th District
|
Resources
WEBSITE
| SHARE ON:
Greetings,
Six years after the financial crisis, we continue to use the word "recovery."
Sometimes we use it with the word "sluggish."
Other times we use it in place of the word "economy."
But whenever I hear that word, I think, "We've got to do better."
The fact that we continue to think of our economy as so fragile that it is still in recovery cant be a good thing.
America has always been a dynamic, innovative economic powerhouse, one that could fix any problem with the hard work and creativity that defines our national character.
Where is the pioneer spirit when we continue to refer to our "recovery?"
And how can we call it a recovery if job growth is moving at such a slow pace?
It was great to speak to students and job creators alike during the Kansas Aviation Expo
You see, Washington doesn't believe you can create opportunities for yourself or others, so it creates new programs that spend your money for you and creates new regulations that tell you how to do your job.
If this is the medicine for recovery, we're not just overdosingwe're courting addiction.
Kansans know better.
Our aviation industry is steadily growing in spite of the President's harmful rhetoric that harms small airplane sales.
Our energy sector is participating in the massive American energy renaissance that is revolutionizing everyday life, despite EPA's constant interference.
Our medical centers continue to provide fantastic quality care to families despite Obamacare limiting their funding.
And our farmers are continuing to use biotechnology in ways that creates abundance that makes food affordable and safe, despite big-government activists' attempts to create greater burdens for producers.
In other words, Kansans create their own opportunities.
And I'm proud to say that we do a better job of it than Washington ever will.
Sincerely,
Mike Pompeo
Member of Congress
Connect With Mike
NOTE: Please
DO NOT
respond to this email as this
inbox is unattended . To contact my office please
click here
WASHINGTON, DC OFFICE
107 Cannon HOB
Washington, DC 20515
Phone:
(202) 225-6216
Fax:
(202) 225-3489
WICHITA, KS OFFICE
7701 E. Kellogg, Suite 510
Wichita, KS 67207
Phone:
(316) 262-8992
Fax:
(316) 262-5309
UPDATE SUBSCRIPTION OPTIONS
|
PRIVACY POLICY
|
CONTACT US
Click Here Click Here