
Connect with Representative Miller online:
Rep. Miller on Presidents Efforts to Close Gitmo and Transfer Terrorists to U.S.
Rep. Candice Miller says American people should have the right to weigh in on such
perilous, consequential decisions
Harrison Township, MI
Today, U.S. Representative Candice Miller (MI-10) issued the following statement on reports that the Administration
is currently contemplating options to override federal laws that prevent him from closing the United States detention facility in Guantanamo Bay, Cuba, and transferring the terrorists to the U.S.:
&quot;In June, President Obama sidestepped the law, which required consultation with Congress at least 30 days in advance of
any Gitmo transfer, and traded five deadly Taliban detainees, putting this country and our troops overseas at risk. Now, he is considering an even more drastic, dangerous breach of his authority as he weighs options to override Congress, close the base entirely
and transfer nearly 150 terrorists to U.S. soil.
There is no question that President Obama wants
to close Guantanamo despite the overwhelming opposition of the American people and in defiance of the law passed by the people's representatives. H e simply does not have
the authority to make such perilous, consequential decisions without Congress, and he certainly should not continue down this path without allowing the American people to weigh in on decisions that jeopardize their security. As we continue to wage the war
on terror in the Middle East, the Presidents insistence on bringing terrorists into the U.S. is troubling and dangerous.
###
TELL A FRIEND
Feel free to share this e-mail with your friends and family by forwarding this email. If this e-mail has been forwarded to you, please sign up to receive Congresswoman Candice Miller
electronic newsletter .
CONTACT INFORMATION
Washington Office
U.S. House of Representatives
320 Cannon House Office Bldg
Washington, DC 20515
Phone: (202)225-2106
Fax: (202)226-1169
DISTRICT OFFICE
48701 Van Dyke Ave
Shelby Township, MI 48317
Phone: (586)997-5010
Fax: (586)997-5013
E-MAIL Candice
LEARN MORE
UNSUBSCRIBE
NOTE:
This mailbox is unattended. To send e-mail to Congresswoman Candice Miller, please go to
her contact form . To unsubscribe from future electronic updates, please use
this link .
