 .
About Jerry
Services
Newsroom
Issues
Legislation
Kansas
Connect
COMING UP
Kansas Listening Tour
CHEYENNE COUNTY
Tuesday, October 7 at 8 a.m.
Fresh Seven Coffee
Saint Francis
RAWLINS COUNTY
Tuesday, October 7 at 10 a.m.
Mojo Espresso and Bistro
Atwood
DECATUR COUNTY
Tuesday, October 7 at 12:30 p.m.
(in conjunction with Rotary Club)
Gateway Civic Center Theater
Oberlin
SHERIDAN COUNTY
Tuesday, October 7 at 3 p.m.
JD's Restaurant
Hoxie
LYON COUNTY
Saturday, October 11 at 8:30 a.m.
PrairieLand Partners
Emporia
GOVE COUNTY
Monday, October 20 at 2 p.m.
Ray's Pharmacy
Quinter
GREENWOOD COUNTY
Friday, October 31 at 3 p.m.
Eureka Public Library
Eureka
WILSON COUNTY
Tuesday, November 4 at 12:30 p.m.
(in conjunction with Rotary Club)
Mojo's
Neodesha
____ _ ____
Click the buttons below to
keep in touch with me via
Facebook, Twitter and Instagram.
facebook f
____ _ ____
U.S. Senate Roll Call Votes 113th Congress
To see how I recently voted, click here
.
____ _ ____
Click the buttons below to
keep in touch with me via
Facebook, Twitter and Instagram.
facebook f
____ _ ____
Kansas Common Sense
October 6, 2014
Hello,
Welcome to "Kansas Common Sense." Thanks for your continued interest in
receiving my weekly newsletter. Please feel free to forward it on to
your family and friends if it would interest them.
First U.S. Ebola Case
On Tuesday, the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention (CDC)
confirmed the first Ebola case in the United States. The individual
traveled to the U.S. from Liberia in West Africa and is currently under
isolation and receiving care at a hospital in Dallas. Health officials
are also screening around 100 individuals in Texas for potential
exposure to Ebola. These individuals have not yet developed any
symptoms, but the screening is done as a precaution to assess any
potential infection risks to anyone who may have interacted with the
patient. This is a serious development and reiterates the need for us
to heighten coordination and vigilance to address this health crisis.
While Ebola is not easily transmitted, it is important that we fully
utilize our public health infrastructure to detect possible infections,
as well as safely screen, isolate and treat any patients who may need
care. I will continue to be in touch with the CDC and its Director, Dr.
Tom Frieden, to monitor the national and international responses to
this outbreak These responses are a massive multi-agency effort, and
the federal government must effectively coordinate to attack this
threat. A few weeks ago, CNN published an op-ed
I wrote about the
importance of U.S. leadership in responding to the West African Ebola
outbreak. Ebola needs to be stopped now before it becomes a threat to
the United States. The single most important thing that can be done to
protect Americans is to stop Ebola at its source.
Women Veteran's VA Health Center
On Tuesday, I spoke at the grand opening and ribbon cutting for the new
Women's Health Center at the Leavenworth VA. The new, 5,000-square-foot
facility provides primary care for women veterans, as well as mental
health services. It is also piloting a Women's Only Wellness program
for the VA that focuses on fitness, nutrition and pain and stress
management. Since August 2009, the number of women veterans enrolled
with the VA Eastern Kansas Health Care System has grown by 30 percent.
Four women veterans were honored at the event including Miriam Blazier,
Helen Perry, Kelly DeGreek and Elizabeth Hayes. It was an honor to
thank these veterans for their service. Thank you to Director Klopfer
for inviting me to take part in the day's events. I will continue
working to make certain all Kansas veterans have access to the quality
health care they deserve. Learn more about the new facility in the
Leavenworth Times
.
University of Kansas' Department of Special Education
On Tuesday afternoon, I visited the University of Kansas' Department of
Special Education. For more than 16 years, KU Special Education has
been named the top graduate program among public universities in the
U.S. - and for eight of those years it was the country's top overall
university special education program - according to the U.S. News &
World Report Graduate Program Survey. This visit was a good opportunity
for me to learn more about KU's innovative approach to special
education research, how Department faculty is preparing future special
education professionals for successful careers in the classroom, and
how they support continuing education and professional development for
those currently serving individuals with disabilities and their
families.
During my visit, I viewed a simulated classroom in the Department's
simulation and coaching lab. The lab uses groundbreaking technology to
prepare educators using a virtual learning environment to teach
students, including students with disabilities. KU has worked to
develop reality simulation and remote tele-coaching technologies,
including avatar technology, which a teacher can use to prepare for the
realities of teaching in a classroom with students ranging from those
with learning disabilities to social and behavioral issues. I
appreciated the opportunity to visit with the Department's research and
teaching faculty about their efforts to advance the practice of special
education in a way that benefits students in classrooms throughout
Kansas and throughout the country. Thanks to KU School of Education
Dean Rick Ginsberg, Professor and Chair of the Department of Special
Education Elizabeth Kozleski, and Faculty Member Marti Elford for
hosting my visit.
Visiting with Kansas High School Students
On Tuesday, I had the opportunity to visit with students at two Kansas
high schools. Our country benefits from having more young people like
those I met with at McLouth High School and Seaman High School, who
take an interest in the issues facing our country.
At Seaman High School, my conversation with students covered several
topics including the Ebola outbreak in West Africa, concerns about
ongoing conflict in the Middle East, opportunities for higher
education, and the economy. Thanks to Principal Ron Vinduska for
inviting me to have a discussion with this group of students.
At McLouth High School, I visited with students in David Boucher's
current events class. We discussed wide range of topics from the
Administration's handling of ISIS and the Ebola outbreak, to the
various ways in which the federal government impacts our daily lives.
Thanks to Mr. Boucher and McLouth High School Principal Mark Dodge for
hosting my visit.
Visiting with Washburn University President
On Wednesday, I met with Washburn University President Dr. Jerry
Farley, his wife Susan, Washburn University Foundation President
JuliAnn Mazachek, and John Pinegar to discuss the latest developments
at Washburn. We visited about how Washburn is providing innovating
career training programs, in partnership with Kansas employers, to
provide students with the in-demand skills they need to succeed in a
rapidly changing world. For example, Washburn is focusing on health
care training through its School of Nursing and at the Washburn
Institute of Technology with programs in licensed professional nursing
and certified nursing assistants. The university also specializes in
training for advanced manufacturing industries. Dr. Farley described
Washburn's plan to connect with more veterans with an interest in these
career programs. I appreciated our discussion about Washburn's
continuing efforts to help prepare Kansas students with the skills
needed for their career development as well as economic growth in our
state.
Improving Telephone Service Reliability for Kansas Business and
Consumers
Kansans deserve access to reliable telephone service to conduct
business, contact public safety officials and connect with family and
friends. Unfortunately, for many rural Kansans, service has become less
reliable, as rural telephone subscribers have experienced dropped
calls, poor voice quality, or calls that simply do not reach their
intended recipient. I have heard frustrating stories from Kansas
businesses owners who have lost business and troubling stories from
Kansans who are unable to contact public safety officials in times of
emergency because of this problem.
Last week, I joined a group of ten Senators in asking the Federal
Communications Commission (FCC) to complete its work to address this
issue. Last October, the FCC unanimously approved an order to improve
call completion and collect data to understand this problem better. As
part of the rulemaking process, the FCC accepted public comments. That
comment period ended in February, but unfortunately the FCC has failed
to follow through with its Paperwork Reduction Act request to the
Office of Management and Budget, which will allow the Commission to
uncover the causes of this problem for so many rural Americans. I will
continue to pressure the FCC to complete its work so all may have
reliable access to telephone service. To view a copy of the letter,
please click here
.
America's Commitment to Freedom and Democracy Must Remain Steadfast
Next month, American men and women will head to polling booths to cast
their votes for elected officials. We are fortunate to live in a
country where our civil liberties are protected by the Constitution.
But these rights that are sometimes taken for granted in America are
often beyond reach for millions of people around the world.
Just consider what has been taking place in Hong Kong this week. On
Sunday, police used tear gas, pepper spray and batons on thousands of
peaceful protesters who had gathered to demand democratic elections for
the city's leader in 2017. According to the nonprofit organization,
Freedom House, last year 54 countries showed overall declines in
political rights and civil liberties, compared with just 40 countries
that demonstrated gains. That means that for the eighth consecutive
year, there was a greater decline than gain in democracy worldwide. At
a time when human rights and civil liberties are under attack in many
regions across the world, efforts by organizations like the
International Foundation for Electoral Systems (IFES) are more
important than ever.
I had the opportunity in Washington, D.C., to speak with many
individuals associated with IFES who work diligently to defend
democratic rights across the globe. The work IFES has conducted since
1987 in more than 135 countries is preserving for the next generation
the opportunity to enjoy the freedoms of today. During our meeting, I
was also honored to receive the "Charles T. Manatt Democracy Award" and
to present a special award to , Bill Hybl of the Garden City Company,
for his service and outstanding legacy to IFES.
Freedom is a basic human right and history has shown us that the
expansion of freedom is our best hope for peace in the future. All
citizens should have the right to live freely and participate in the
decision making process of their society. America remains one of the
most powerful forces for good on this earth and our efforts to ensure
all citizens have a voice in the way they are governed must remain
steadfast.
Extending Project ARCH
Congress recently passed legislation that permits the extension of
various VA programs that currently serve veterans across the country
and were set to expire at the end of the fiscal year. This bill also
included technical fixes to the Veterans Access, Choice and
Accountability Act of 2014, to make certain the current health care
services provided through non-VA contracts supporting the Access
Received Closer to Home (ARCH) program in the Pratt community would be
extended without delay or a lapse in service.
In response to my
questioning, VA Secretary Bob McDonald testified that this technical
fix was required to extend the non-VA contracted health care services
under ARCH during a Senate Veterans Affairs Committee hearing.
I'm
pleased that with the passage of this legislation to extend ARCH
contracts, there are no longer any obstacles preventing the ARCH
program from offering veterans non-VA health care and the same
opportunity for access to care through this program at the Secretary's
discretion may now be expanded throughout Kansas. By law, the Veterans
Access, Choice and Accountability Act of 2014 provides for the
extension of ARCH and permits the Secretary to expand the program
beyond the current five pilot sites around the country. I look forward
to hearing from Secretary McDonald on his plans for the ARCH program
and a timeline for when Kansas veterans might expect an expansion that
will allow them greater access to care.
Atchison Area United Way Luncheon
On Friday, I joined community leaders at the Atchison Area United Way
kickoff luncheon. United Way has been improving lives for more than 126
years and the local program works with 18 agencies in Atchison to
improve education, income levels and healthcare. The Atchison community
maintains a strong spirit even through challenges and tragedies. I
believe we can make a difference one person at a time by sharing our
talents and resources to advance the common good. I wish United Way
Executive Director Terry Knopke and the community success in achieving
their goal of $198,000 to invest in their neighbors. Thanks to Atchison
City Manager Trey Cocking for inviting me to speak and coordinating my
visit and to Rep. Lynn Jenkins for the kind introduction.
Honoring Sporting Kansas City at the White House
On Wednesday, I had the pleasure of joining the Sporting Kansas City
soccer team at the White House where the players, coaching staff and
owners were honored by President Obama for their 2013 MLS Cup victory.
Last year, I sponsored a Senate Resolution congratulating Sporting KC,
but it was even better to be able to offer my congratulations to the
team in person. There were a number of Kansans in attendance; many of
them tired from watching the Royals' incredible late night playoff win
the evening before. Needless to say, it was a great day to be a fan of
Kansas City sports.
Now Accepting Spring 2015 Internship Applications
I am now accepting applications for paid congressional internships in
my Washington, D.C., and Kansas offices for spring 2015. An internship
in my office - either legislative or communications - provides a unique
opportunity to work closely with Senate staff on behalf of the state of
Kansas. Legislative interns will gain a better understanding of the
legislative process in the U.S. Congress, and develop knowledge and
professional skills valuable to future career pursuits. Communications
internships offer an intern the chance to learn about how political
communications and the legislative process intersect, and gain
practical knowledge about the inner workings of a fast-paced press
office.
The application deadline for spring 2015 is November 1, 2014.
Applications may be obtained and completed under the "Services" section
of my website at www.moran.senate.gov
. Applicants should submit a completed application form, resume,
academic transcript, two letters of recommendation, and a cover letter
explaining their interest in public service and addressing a policy
issue of personal importance and a suggested recommendation to resolve
that issue. Please submit required materials to:
internships@moran.senate.gov
.
Kansans in the Office
Susan Englert of Wichita
John Englert of Wichita
Kansas City Chapter of the Associated General Contractors of America
Philip Schultze of Overland Park
Associated General Contractors of Kansas
Ron Fowles of Manhattan
Mike Gibson of Topeka
Kansas Contractors Association
Bob Totten of Topeka
American Physical Therapy Association
Cody Barnett of Wichita
Julie Newman of Oskaloosa
National Association of Foster Grandparent Program Directors
Jolene Niernberger of Hays
Connie Stewart of Topeka
Susan Harrington of Manhattan
Kansas Head Start Association
Erick Vaughn of Lawrence
Livestock Marketing Association
Dan Harris of Holton
Larry Martin of Fort Scott
Deb Martin of Fort Scott
Mark McKee of Parsons
Beverly McKee of Parsons
Mortgage Bankers Association
Shelley Denman of Spring Hill
Curtis Ottinger of Prairie Village
Washburn University
President Jerry Farley of Topeka
JuliAnn Mazachek of Topeka
Capitol Tour
Keith Lawing of Wichita
Kim Lawing of Wichita
Devin Madden of Goddard
Mark Hegarty of Overland Park
Spencer Barett of Overland Park
John Kite of Overland Park
Elaine Kite of Overland Park
Honored to Serve You in Washington
It is an honor to serve you in Washington, D.C. Thank you to the many
Kansans who have been calling and writing in to share their thoughts
and opinions on the issues our state and country face. I appreciate the
words of Kansans, whether in the form of a form of letter, a Facebook
comment or a phone call, who wish to make their voice heard.
Please let me know how I can be of assistance. You can contact me by
email by clicking here
. You can also click here
to contact me through one of my
Kansas offices or my Washington, D.C., office.
Very truly yours,
Jerry
My email address is only equipped to send messages. I encourage you to
send me a message through my website: http://moran.senate.gov
.
To unsubscribe from this newsletter, please click here
.
s);
If
you are having trouble viewing this email, please view it on my
website .
About
Jerry Services Newsroom Issues Legislation Kansas Connect
COMING
UP
Kansas Listening
Tour
CHEYENNE COUNTY Tuesday,
October 7 at 8 a.m. Fresh Seven Coffee Saint
Francis
RAWLINS COUNTY Tuesday, October 7 at 10 a.m.
Mojo Espresso and Bistro
Atwood
DECATUR COUNTY
Tuesday, October 7 at 12:30 p.m.
(in conjunction with Rotary Club)
Gateway Civic Center Theater
Oberlin
SHERIDAN COUNTY Tuesday,
October 7 at 3 p.m. JD's Restaurant Hoxie
LYON COUNTY Saturday,
October 11 at 8:30 a.m.
PrairieLand Partners
Emporia
GOVE COUNTY
Monday, October 20 at 2 p.m.
Ray's Pharmacy
Quinter
GREENWOOD COUNTY Friday,
October 31 at 3 p.m. Eureka Public Library Eureka
WILSON COUNTY Tuesday,
November 4 at 12:30 p.m. (in conjunction with Rotary Club) Mojo's Neodesha
____ _ ____
Click
the buttons below to
keep
in touch with me via
Facebook,
Twitter and Instagram.
____ _ ____
U.S.
Senate Roll Call Votes 113th
Congress
To
see how I recently voted,
click
here .
____ _ ____
Click
the buttons below to
keep
in touch with me via
Facebook,
Twitter and Instagram.
____ _ ____
Kansas
Common Sense October 6, 2014
Hello,
Welcome
to &#8220;Kansas Common Sense.&#8221; Thanks for your continued interest in receiving my weekly newsletter.
Please feel free to forward it on to your family and friends if it would interest them.
First
U.S. Ebola Case
On Tuesday, the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention (CDC)
confirmed the first Ebola case in the United States. The individual traveled to the U.S. from Liberia
in West Africa and is currently under isolation and receiving care at a hospital in Dallas. Health officials
are also screening around 100 individuals in Texas for potential exposure to Ebola. These individuals
have not yet developed any symptoms, but the screening is done as a precaution to assess any potential
infection risks to anyone who may have interacted with the patient. This is a serious development and
reiterates the need for us to heighten coordination and vigilance to address this health crisis.
While
Ebola is not easily transmitted, it is important that we fully utilize our public health infrastructure
to detect possible infections, as well as safely screen, isolate and treat any patients who may need
care. I will continue to be in touch with the CDC and its Director, Dr. Tom Frieden, to monitor the national
and international responses to this outbreak These responses are a massive multi-agency effort, and the
federal government must effectively coordinate to attack this threat. A few weeks ago,
CNN
published an op-ed
I wrote about the importance of U.S. leadership in responding to the West African
Ebola outbreak. Ebola needs to be stopped now before it becomes a threat to the United States. The single
most important thing that can be done to protect Americans is to stop Ebola at its source.
Women
Veteran&#8217;s VA Health Center
On Tuesday, I spoke at the grand opening
and ribbon cutting for the new Women&#8217;s Health Center at the Leavenworth VA. The new, 5,000-square-foot
facility provides primary care for women veterans, as well as mental health services. It is also piloting
a Women&#8217;s Only Wellness program for the VA that focuses on fitness, nutrition and pain and stress
management. Since August 2009, the number of women veterans enrolled with the VA Eastern Kansas Health
Care System has grown by 30 percent. Four women veterans were honored at the event including Miriam Blazier,
Helen Perry, Kelly DeGreek and Elizabeth Hayes. It was an honor to thank these veterans for their service.
Thank you to Director Klopfer for inviting me to take part in the day&#8217;s events. I will continue
working to make certain all Kansas veterans have access to the quality health care they deserve. Learn
more about the new facility in the
Leavenworth
Times .
University
of Kansas&#8217; Department of Special Education
On Tuesday afternoon, I visited the University of Kansas&#8217;
Department of Special Education. For more than 16 years, KU Special Education has been named the top
graduate program among public universities in the U.S. &#8211; and for eight of those years it was the
country&#8217;s top overall university special education program &#8211; according to the U.S. News &amp;
World Report Graduate Program Survey. This visit was a good opportunity for me to learn more about KU&#8217;s
innovative approach to special education research, how Department faculty is preparing future special
education professionals for successful careers in the classroom, and how they support continuing education
and professional development for those currently serving individuals with disabilities and their families.
During
my visit, I viewed a simulated classroom in the Department&#8217;s simulation and coaching lab. The lab
uses groundbreaking technology to prepare educators using a virtual learning environment to teach students,
including students with disabilities. KU has worked to develop reality simulation and remote tele-coaching
technologies, including avatar technology, which a teacher can use to prepare for the realities of teaching
in a classroom with students ranging from those with learning disabilities to social and behavioral issues.
I appreciated the opportunity to visit with the Department&#8217;s research and teaching faculty about
their efforts to advance the practice of special education in a way that benefits students in classrooms
throughout Kansas and throughout the country. Thanks to KU School of Education Dean Rick Ginsberg, Professor
and Chair of the Department of Special Education Elizabeth Kozleski, and Faculty Member Marti Elford for
hosting my visit.
Visiting with Kansas High School Students
On Tuesday, I had the opportunity to visit with students at two
Kansas high schools. Our country benefits from having more young people like those I met with at McLouth
High School and Seaman High School, who take an interest in the issues facing our country.
At
Seaman High School, my conversation with students covered several topics including the Ebola outbreak
in West Africa, concerns about ongoing conflict in the Middle East, opportunities for higher education,
and the economy. Thanks to Principal Ron Vinduska for inviting me to have a discussion with this group
of students.
At
McLouth High School, I visited with students in David Boucher&#8217;s current events class. We discussed
wide range of topics from the Administration&#8217;s handling of ISIS and the Ebola outbreak, to the
various ways in which the federal government impacts our daily lives. Thanks to Mr. Boucher and McLouth
High School Principal Mark Dodge for hosting my visit.
Visiting
with Washburn University President
On Wednesday, I met with Washburn University President Dr. Jerry
Farley, his wife Susan, Washburn University Foundation President JuliAnn Mazachek, and John Pinegar to
discuss the latest developments at Washburn. We visited about how Washburn is providing innovating career
training programs, in partnership with Kansas employers, to provide students with the in-demand skills
they need to succeed in a rapidly changing world. For example, Washburn is focusing on health care training
through its School of Nursing and at the Washburn Institute of Technology with programs in licensed professional
nursing and certified nursing assistants. The university also specializes in training for advanced manufacturing
industries. Dr. Farley described Washburn&#8217;s plan to connect with more veterans with an interest
in these career programs. I appreciated our discussion about Washburn&#8217;s continuing efforts to help
prepare Kansas students with the skills needed for their career development as well as economic growth
in our state.
Improving
Telephone Service Reliability for Kansas Business and Consumers
Kansans deserve access to reliable telephone service to conduct
business, contact public safety officials and connect with family and friends. Unfortunately, for many
rural Kansans, service has become less reliable, as rural telephone subscribers have experienced dropped
calls, poor voice quality, or calls that simply do not reach their intended recipient. I have heard frustrating
stories from Kansas businesses owners who have lost business and troubling stories from Kansans who are
unable to contact public safety officials in times of emergency because of this problem.
Last
week, I joined a group of ten Senators in asking the Federal Communications Commission (FCC) to complete
its work to address this issue. Last October, the FCC unanimously approved an order to improve call completion
and collect data to understand this problem better. As part of the rulemaking process, the FCC accepted
public comments. That comment period ended in February, but unfortunately the FCC has failed to follow
through with its Paperwork Reduction Act request to the Office of Management and Budget, which will allow
the Commission to uncover the causes of this problem for so many rural Americans. I will continue to
pressure the FCC to complete its work so all may have reliable access to telephone service. To view a
copy of the letter, please
click
here .
America&#8217;s
Commitment to Freedom and Democracy Must Remain Steadfast
Next month, American men and women will head to polling booths to
cast their votes for elected officials. We are fortunate to live in a country where our civil liberties
are protected by the Constitution. But these rights that are sometimes taken for granted in America are
often beyond reach for millions of people around the world.
Just
consider what has been taking place in Hong Kong this week. On Sunday, police used tear gas, pepper spray
and batons on thousands of peaceful protesters who had gathered to demand democratic elections for the
city&#8217;s leader in 2017. According to the nonprofit organization, Freedom House, last year 54 countries
showed overall declines in political rights and civil liberties, compared with just 40 countries that
demonstrated gains. That means that for the eighth consecutive year, there was a greater decline than
gain in democracy worldwide. At a time when human rights and civil liberties are under attack in many
regions across the world, efforts by organizations like the International Foundation for Electoral Systems
(IFES) are more important than ever.
I
had the opportunity in Washington, D.C., to speak with many individuals associated with IFES who work
diligently to defend democratic rights across the globe. The work IFES has conducted since 1987 in more
than 135 countries is preserving for the next generation the opportunity to enjoy the freedoms of today.
During our meeting, I was also honored to receive the &#8220;Charles T. Manatt Democracy Award&#8221;
and to present a special award to , Bill Hybl of the Garden City Company, for his service and outstanding
legacy to IFES.
Freedom
is a basic human right and history has shown us that the expansion of freedom is our best hope for peace
in the future. All citizens should have the right to live freely and participate in the decision making
process of their society. America remains one of the most powerful forces for good on this earth and
our efforts to ensure all citizens have a voice in the way they are governed must remain steadfast.
Extending
Project ARCH
Congress recently passed legislation that permits the extension
of various VA programs that currently serve veterans across the country and were set to expire at the
end of the fiscal year. This bill also included technical fixes to the Veterans Access, Choice and Accountability
Act of 2014, to make certain the current health care services provided through non-VA contracts supporting
the Access Received Closer to Home (ARCH) program in the Pratt community would be extended without delay
or a lapse in service.
In response to my questioning, VA Secretary Bob McDonald testified that
this technical fix was required to extend the non-VA contracted health care services under ARCH during
a Senate Veterans Affairs Committee hearing.
I&#8217;m pleased that with the passage of this legislation
to extend ARCH contracts, there are no longer any obstacles preventing the ARCH program from offering
veterans non-VA health care and the same opportunity for access to care through this program at the Secretary&#8217;s
discretion may now be expanded throughout Kansas. By law, the Veterans Access, Choice and Accountability
Act of 2014 provides for the extension of ARCH and permits the Secretary to expand the program beyond
the current five pilot sites around the country. I look forward to hearing from Secretary McDonald on
his plans for the ARCH program and a timeline for when Kansas veterans might expect an expansion that
will allow them greater access to care.
Atchison
Area United Way Luncheon
On Friday, I joined community leaders at the Atchison Area United
Way kickoff luncheon. United Way has been improving lives for more than 126 years and the local program
works with 18 agencies in Atchison to improve education, income levels and healthcare. The Atchison community
maintains a strong spirit even through challenges and tragedies. I believe we can make a difference one
person at a time by sharing our talents and resources to advance the common good. I wish United Way Executive
Director Terry Knopke and the community success in achieving their goal of $198,000 to invest in their
neighbors. Thanks to Atchison City Manager Trey Cocking for inviting me to speak and coordinating my
visit and to Rep. Lynn Jenkins for the kind introduction.
Honoring
Sporting Kansas City at the White House
On Wednesday, I had the pleasure of joining the Sporting Kansas
City soccer team at the White House where the players, coaching staff and owners were honored by President
Obama for their 2013 MLS Cup victory. Last year, I sponsored a Senate Resolution congratulating Sporting
KC, but it was even better to be able to offer my congratulations to the team in person. There were a
number of Kansans in attendance; many of them tired from watching the Royals&#8217; incredible late night
playoff win the evening before. Needless to say, it was a great day to be a fan of Kansas City sports.
Now
Accepting Spring 2015 Internship Applications
I am now accepting applications for paid congressional internships
in my Washington, D.C., and Kansas offices for spring 2015. An internship in my office &#8211; either
legislative or communications &#8211; provides a unique opportunity to work closely with Senate staff
on behalf of the state of Kansas. Legislative interns will gain a better understanding of the legislative
process in the U.S. Congress, and develop knowledge and professional skills valuable to future career
pursuits. Communications internships offer an intern the chance to learn about how political communications
and the legislative process intersect, and gain practical knowledge about the inner workings of a fast-paced
press office.
The
application deadline for spring 2015 is November 1, 2014. Applications may be obtained and completed
under the &#8220;Services&#8221; section of my website at
www.moran.senate.gov .
Applicants should submit a completed application form, resume, academic transcript, two letters of recommendation,
and a cover letter explaining their interest in public service and addressing a policy issue of personal
importance and a suggested recommendation to resolve that issue. Please submit required materials to:
internships@moran.senate.gov .
Kansans
in the Office
Susan Englert of Wichita
John Englert of Wichita
Kansas
City Chapter of the Associated General Contractors of America
Philip Schultze of Overland Park
Associated
General Contractors of Kansas
Ron Fowles of Manhattan
Mike Gibson of Topeka
Kansas
Contractors Association
Bob Totten of Topeka
American
Physical Therapy Association
Cody Barnett of Wichita
Julie Newman of Oskaloosa
National
Association of Foster Grandparent Program Directors
Jolene Niernberger of Hays
Connie Stewart of Topeka
Susan Harrington of Manhattan
Kansas
Head Start Association
Erick Vaughn of Lawrence
Livestock
Marketing Association
Dan Harris of Holton
Larry Martin of Fort Scott
Deb Martin of Fort Scott
Mark McKee of Parsons
Beverly McKee of Parsons
Mortgage
Bankers Association
Shelley Denman of Spring Hill
Curtis Ottinger of Prairie Village
Washburn
University
President Jerry Farley of Topeka
JuliAnn Mazachek of Topeka
Capitol
Tour
Keith Lawing of Wichita
Kim Lawing of Wichita
Devin Madden of Goddard
Mark Hegarty of Overland Park
Spencer Barett of Overland Park
John Kite of Overland Park
Elaine Kite of Overland Park
Honored to Serve You in Washington It
is an honor to serve you in Washington, D.C. Thank you to the many Kansans who have been calling and
writing in to share their thoughts and opinions on the issues our state and country face. I appreciate
the words of Kansans, whether in the form of a form of letter, a Facebook comment or a phone call, who
wish to make their voice heard.
Please let me know how I can be of assistance. You
can contact me by email by
clicking
here . You can also
click
here
to contact me through one of my Kansas
offices or my Washington, D.C., office.
Very truly yours,
Jerry
My
email address is only equipped to send messages. I encourage you to send me a message through my website:
http://moran.senate. gov .
To unsubscribe from
this newsletter, please
click
here .
