DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.0 Transitional//EN" "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml1/DTD/xhtml1-transitional.dtd"
October 3, 2014
Visit My Website
|
Forward to a Friend
| Find me on:
Taking Action to Stop the Spread of Ebola
With the first U.S. case of Ebola being officially confirmed this week in Dallas, it is clear that significant precautions must be taken to prevent this deadly virus from spreading inside the United States. This week, I took the following actions in an effort to better protect the people of my district and the American public at large:
Called for the
immediate stoppage of travel visas to the U.S. from Liberia, Guinea, and Sierra Leone
where the Centers for Disease Control estimates there are more than 7,100 combined Ebola cases.
Pressed for
greater security screening measures on West African passengers
to be implemented by the Transportation Security Administration.
Pushed for the Speaker of the House to pursue an
immediate air travel ban
on all non-U.S. citizen passengers traveling to the U.S. from or through Liberia, and formally requested that the House Homeland Security Committee hold Congressional hearings to examine how such an air travel ban could most effectively be implemented.
Called on DFW Airport to
increase screening of passengers arriving from West Africa
until a travel ban is put into effect.
The person diagnosed this week in Dallas traveled from Liberia to his final U.S. destination of DFW Airport, which is located at the heart of my Congressional district and is the third busiest airport in the world. Due to this one travel-related case of Ebola, at least 100 people in North Texas are now being monitored. Air travel and the issuance of travel visas to the U.S. should not proceed as normal under these dangerous conditions. The medical screening of passengers in the countries where the virus is most prevalent is inadequate and the consequences of an Ebola outbreak in the U.S. are too severe. Every available precaution must be utilized to keep the American people safe.
More information about the Ebola virus, its symptoms, and how you can protect yourself can be found
here .
Click the "Like" button and follow me on Facebook to get daily updates on how I am serving you and the 24th District of Texas.
It is an honor to represent you in Washington and I value your input. Please don't hesitate to contact one of my offices or
send me an email .
UPDATE SUBSCRIPTION OPTIONS
|
PRIVACY POLICY
|
CONTACT US
