
E-news Sign-up
Wednesday, October 1, 2014
WEBSITE
|
FORWARD TO A FRIEND
| SHARE ON:
Washington, DC to South Mississippi
In Case You
Missed It...
Local veteran honored by White House
-WDAM
Harvey Warren received a special message from United States Congressman
Steven Palazzo , Governor Phil Bryant as well as President Barack Obama and First Lady Michelle Obama.
Salute to feature Guard general, "A-Team" World War II combat vets
Sun Herald
U.S. Rep., Steven Palazzo , Chamber chairman Eric Kravette and commanders of each Coast military installation will also recognize the contributions of area military personnel.
County officials concerned about renewal of transfer payments
WDAM
Palazzo
said. "I understand this is a significant amount to rural counties' budgets. It's very serious and it's an issue that we're going to make sure is addressed when we get back," he said
Dear Friends,
Whats happening in DC?
This week the Department of Defense announced they will expand one of their programs and
allow a number of illegal immigrants to enlist
in the armed forces.
I find it completely absurd that law-abiding Americans are being forced out of the military at alarming rates, but the president makes exceptions for illegal immigrants to serve.
These individuals who entered our country illegally have been allowed to remain in the U.S. due to several of the presidents amnesty-like policies such as Deferred Action for Childhood Arrivals (DACA), and will now once again have priority over those who have followed the rules. These backwards policies
continue to drive the growing numbers of illegal immigrants crossing our borders and threaten our national security .
I will not stop working in DC to get rid of the presidents bad policies and ensure that taxpayers' dollars are used in a responsible manner to protect American interests
both here and abroad.
Whats happening in South Mississippi?
Last week over a dozen combat veterans attended the Rivers of Recovery fishing tournament.
It was great to see local veterans enjoying the fellowship of one another and fishing the beautiful waters of South Mississippi.
Last Saturday dozens of South Mississippians joined me for the Salute to the Military 5k at the Combat Readiness Training Center in Gulfport in support of our veterans.
This charity event raised nearly $10,000 in proceeds that go towards the Rivers of Recovery program to provide more opportunities for veterans to enjoy outdoor activities.
Upcoming Events...
This
Saturday, October 4th
I will be hosting my annual
Academy Day
on the campus of the
University of Southern Mississippi from 8:00-11:00 a.m .
This is an informational event for high school students who may be interested in attending one of the U.S. Service Academies.
Throughout the morning, students will have the opportunity to hear from representatives from the Academies and learn about the nomination process and how to apply.
Registration for Academy Day will take place onsite Saturday morning from 8:00-8:30 a.m.
If you have any questions or would like more information please contact Bridgette Jones in my office at 228-864-7670 or by email at Bridgette.Jones@mail.house.gov.
Hope to see you there!
Academy Day 2012
For more updates I encourage you to connect with me on
facebook ,
twitter , or by visiting my
website .
In Your Service,
Steven M. Palazzo
Member of Congress
###
NOTE: Please DO NOT respond to this email as this inbox is unattended. To contact my office please
click here
UNSUBSCRIBE
|
PRIVACY POLICY
|
CONTACT US
Click Here Click Here