
October 3, 2014
The Conaway Chronicle: Upcoming Town Halls In Lamesa and Garden City, Court Rejects Effort to List Lizard as Endangered, and
Time to Rethink the Crude Oil Export Ban
__________________________________________
Thank you for reading The Conaway Chronicle, a review of my activities in Congress and the 11th District.
Midland Town Hall and Upcoming Town Halls in Garden City and Lamesa:
We talked about border security and foreign policy at the town hall in Midland on Oct. 1st.
Town halls are a great opportunity to share your thoughts and ideas with me.
Our representative republican system of government depends on an engaged citizenry.
This coming week, I will be holding town halls in Garden City and Lamesa.
Oct. 8th :
3:15-4:15 p.m.
Forest Park Community Center
814 S. Houston Ave.
Lamesa, TX 79331
Oct. 9th :
8:30-9:30 a.m.
Community Center
117 S. Myrl St,
Garden City, TX, 79739
Court Rejects Effort to List Dunes Sagebrush Lizard as Threatened:
On Sept. 30th, a federal court rejected extreme environmentalist's efforts to force the U.S. Fish and Wildlife Service to list the dunes sagebrush lizard under the Endangered Species Act.
West Texas oil and gas producers and ranchers are actively engaged in preserving the dunes sagebrush lizard. Listing the lizard as endangered would have derailed these efforts. It also would have hampered energy companies and ranchers from providing the food and fuel that our country needs.
This is a victory for our oil and gas producers, our ranchers, and all of us who use the fuel they produce and eat the meat they raise. It is also a victory for those who truly care about preserving the lizard and are not trying to hijack the Endangered Species Act to impose their radical environmental agenda on the rest of us. I want to thank the oil and gas producers and the ranchers for what they have done to preserve the lizard.
Department of Defense Milestone:
Sept. 30th marked a major milestone in the Department of Defenses efforts to audit their financial statements. Being prepared to audit 90 percent of Fiscal Year 2015 activities is a significant stride in meeting audit readiness and audit completion deadlines in 2017 and 2019, respectively.
The DoD still has a significant amount of work left to do to meet these deadlines; however, this achievement is not just a step in the right direction, it is confirmation that the DoDs audit plan is working to bring the department under annual, clean audits.
In 2009, just five short years ago, the DoDs planning and efforts needed much refining. This week's accomplishment indicates that the department better understands its strengths, weaknesses, and the right path forward. This understanding is essential to making the DoD auditable.
This is not just a matter of numbers.
This milestone and this overall effort are important for making sure that DoD is able to use its resources to keep America secure.
Time to Rethink the Crude Oil Export Ban:
The past six years have rewritten the story of America from the inside out. Ten years ago, journalists wrote breathless stories about Americas Achilles Heel
its addiction to foreign oil. Today, we recognize that America sits on an ocean of oil, recoverable thanks to the genius and gumption of the men and women of the energy industry
many of whom hail from right here in West Texas.
This dramatic reversal in oil and natural gas production requires that we rethink our national energy policies. Already, we are moving slowly toward allowing the export of natural gas, and it is important for members to consider finally lifting the crude oil export ban, as well.
Please click on the below picture to read a full op-ed, which ran in the
Midland Reporter-Telegram .
This Week's Outreach in Breckenridge and Next Week's Outreach in Andrews:
Eleventh District Granbury-based regional director Diane Williams held a congressional outreach day on Oct. 2nd.
Odessa-based regional director Gloria Apolinario will be holding an outreach day in Andrews on Oct. 8th.
The purpose of these outreach events is to help residents of the 11th District resolve issues that they have with federal programs such as Social Security and Veterans Administration programs.
You do not need to wait until Diane, Gloria, or one of the other regional directors comes to you.
If you click
here , you will find there addresses and phone numbers.
Helping you resolve your issues with federal programs is a key part of their jobs.
Andrews Outreach :
WHEN: Wednesday, October 8, 2014
1:00 p.m.
3:00 p.m.
WHERE:
Andrews Chamber of Commerce
700 W. Broadway
Andrews, TX 79714
KWBY Cowboy Radio in Stephenville:
It was great to talk with Sara and Jody Lee at KWBY Cowboy Radio in Stephenville.
An outstanding radio station in an outstanding town.
Service Academy Nominations:
The deadline for applying to be nominated for a spot at one of our service academies is fast approaching.
The application must be at my San Angelo office by 5 p.m. on Oct. 22nd.
The address for my San Angelo office is 33 East Twohig Ave., Suite 307, San Angelo, TX, 76903.
Click
here
for the application.If you have any questions, please contact JoAnne Powell at 325 659-4010.
Anniversary of the Beginning of the Texas Revolution:
The Texas Revolution began on Oct. 2nd, 1835 when the "Come And Take It" cannon was used to fire the first shot. That volley of cannon fire was part of the Battle of Gonzales. It was not a major battle, but that first shot and that battle marked the beginning of our revolution.
The Mexicans had given Texas settlers a small cannon to help them defend themselves. When the Texans started expressing their opposition to federal government interference and excessive taxation, the Mexicans demanded that the cannon be returned. Being Texans, they told the Mexicans to "Come and Take It."
That is how a Texan responds to tyranny. Always has been. Always will be.
Major Kurt Chew-Een Lee Laid to Rest in Arlington Cemetery:
On his way to fight in Korea in September 1950 Kurt Chew-Een Lee's superiors tried to reassign him as a staff officer handling translation duties. Lee told them that he was there to fight communists and they allowed him to retain command of his platoon. To say he fought and distinguished himself in Korea would be a monumental understatement. On the night of Nov. 2, 1950, he conducted a solo reconnaissance mission in heavy snow, moving well ahead of his unit to fire rounds and throw grenades to expose the location of Chinese soldiers who had attacked his unit. He was shot in the arm by the Chinese, but his efforts allowed his unit to re-position and drive back the Chinese. He was awarded the Navy Cross, the second-highest honor a Marine can receive, he was cited for extraordinary heroism. Less than a month later, even though his arm was still in a sling, he and a sergeant left the hospital against orders, commandeered an Army jeep and returned to the front. Major Lee then lead his unit of several hundred Marines across snowy mountain passes at night, using only a compass, to find and reinforce a smaller group that had been surrounded. His unit then repeatedly drove back Chinese soldiers, ensuring that the vastly outnumbered Americans were able to retreat to the sea.
I had the honor of meeting Major Lee in 2010. On Sept. 30th, this American hero, this Marine's Marine, was laid to rest in Arlington Cemetery.
As always, you can follow me on
Facebook ,
YouTube , and
Twitter .
Sincerely,
Rep. Mike Conaway, 11th District
Click Here
to view this email in your browser
Click Here
to be removed from this list