
Unsubscribe
|
Forward to a Friend
|
Having trouble Viewing this Email?
NEWSLETTER SIGN UP
Email:
First Name:
Last N ame
Yes, I would like to receive
the Civility Corner
Yes, I would like to receive
EC From DC
KNOWN FOR HIS CIVILITY ON CAPITOL HILL -- CONGRESSMAN CLEAVER THROWS DOWN WITH LEADER PELOSI
Congressman Cleaver reaches for his third broom as the Kansas City Royals prepare for a third 'sweep' against the San Francisco Giants
We are colleagues and friends, but I could not resist the opportunity to take her down. Down to Gates BBQ that is, when the Kansas City Royals beat the San Francisco Giants in the World Series. The her, is Democratic Leader Nancy Pelosi. As you know, I am not a gambling man. But the Royals going to the World Series for the first time in almost 3 decades, is worth participating in a friendly wager, don't you think?
Here's how it lays out. If (WHEN) the Royals win, Congresswoman Pelosi will provide to me the best chocolates available in all of San Francisco. If (NOT) the Giants win, I must get her a President's Platter from Gates BBQ. You know I never pass up a chance to brag about Missouri's Fifth District and show off our world famous food here. But, again, since we're making exceptions, this time I am hoping to never provide her with a single taste of this platter.
What does she have to say about all of this? "There are many savory delights that Kansas City has to offer and I can't wait to savor them, but nothing would be sweeter than a Giants victory. In that spirit, I wager a bountiful basket of San Francisco chocolates," said Leader Pelosi. "The Royals are a fine team, but they are no match for the talent, toughness, and heart of our Giants. I look forward to enjoying the Giants' latest championship with some fine Kansas City BBQ."
We really can't be mad at her, can we? She is making the same mistake others from the coasts tend to make at times. She is underestimating what we are capable of doing here. Underestimating the talent of this team, their spirit, and their skill. She does so, as do all others, at their own peril.
I look forward to sharing with you some chocolates from San Fran. Go Royals!
CONGRESSMAN CLEAVER FIGHTS HEALTH THREAT HERE AT HOME
Ebola is capturing the headlines - and rightfully so. It is an international health threat and combatting it is certainly a top priority. Having said that, I am working very hard to make sure another healthcare threat, already hitting us here in Missouri&rsquo;s Fifth District, does not get lost in the shuffle. The Enterovirus D68 (EV-D68) is being called by some, the flu on steroids. It is a virus that can cause extreme respiratory problems. What particularly concerns me is that it is striking children in great numbers. In fact, the first cases of EV-D68 were reported right here in our district.
Earlier this week, I asked the Director of the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention (CDC), Dr. Tom Frieden, to develop a comprehensive Enterovirus detection and treatment plan. I also asked Director Frieden to make sure that the plan includes frequent and updated information on the status of this infection, and the steps we can take to best protect our families.
I am pleased to share with you that on Tuesday, the CDC began using a
new
test that can diagnose this virus much more quickly than the test that has been more commonly used.
Mild symptoms may include fever, runny nose, sneezing, cough, and body and muscle aches. Severe symptoms may include wheezing and difficulty breathing. Experts suggest contacting a doctor immediately if you have a respiratory illness and are having difficulty breathing, or if these symptoms are present or getting worse. They also say the very basic advice of washing hands, multiple times a day, is critical in fighting the virus.
I will continue to pressure Washington to stay focused on this issue, and will keep you updated as we move into the colder months.
If you&rsquo;d like to read the entire test of Congressman Cleaver&rsquo;s letter to CDC Director Frieden:
www.cleaver.house.gov
LESSONS FROM FERGUSON
Area leaders from government, law enforcement, education, and the community discuss lessons from Ferguson
Ferguson. The very name of the city will long stand in minds around this country, as an example of tragedy, distrust, and ongoing conflict.
This week I participated in a roundtable discussion in the wake of the fury in Ferguson, to talk about community policing, communication, and where we go from here. I was joined by several area government representatives, as well as many from law enforcement, educational institutions, and various community leaders.
One of the things I shared with the group was the very real distrust of the police there, by so many in the Ferguson community. We also discussed my meeting with Secretary of Defense Chuck Hagel to discuss the 1033 program. Through this program, surplus Department of Defense equipment is distributed to various police departments throughout the country. I voiced strong objections to the Secretary to parts of 1033, and I am encouraged by the President's promise of a vigorous review of the program. Community policing and increased diversity within police departments across the country, though, are also issues of paramount importance.
I remain hopeful for a day when incidents like the one in Ferguson are something of the past. Permanently. And if there is any good that can come out of the tragedy in Ferguson, it is that this effort and others like it, will spur a national discussion about how to achieve a fundamental shift in law enforcement away from military-style responses, and towards a more diverse and community-based policy.
Emanuel
Cleaver, II
Member of
Congress
Kansas City Office
101 W 31st St.
Kansas City, MO 64108
Phone: 816-842-4545
Fax: 816-471-5215
Independence Office
211 West Maple Avenue
Independence, MO 64050
Phone: 816-833-4545
Fax: 816-833-2991
Higginsville Office
1923 Main St.
Higginsville, MO 64037
Phone: 660-584-7373
Fax: 660-584-7227
Washington Office
2335 Rayburn HOB
Washington, D.C. 20515
Phone: 202-225-4535
Fax: 202-225-4403
