DOCTYPE html
OCTOBER 26, 2014
Congressman McHenry Weekly Update
Are American Troops Safe From Ebola?
As the Ebola virus continues to ravage three West African countries, many brave Americans have volunteered to travel across the Atlantic and help treat those sickened by this horrible disease.
This week brought news that one of those people, a doctor from New York, had become infected while treating victims.
This raised serious concerns about Ebola being brought back to the United States but also raised grave concerns for members of the American military assisting in the crisis response for West Africa.
This past Friday,
the Oversight and Government Reform Committee held a hearing to examine the federal government's response to the Ebola crisis .
I used my five minutes of questions to ask leaders of the Department of Defense
how prepared are they to treat
American Soldiers, should the worst case scenario occur and they become infected with Ebola.
Unfortunately their answers, which can be seen by clicking the image below, did little to relieve my deep concerns about the safety of our brave men and women.
Following the hearing, I appeared on both CNN's
@T his Hour with Berman &amp; Michaela
and Fox Business'
Varney &amp; Company with Stuart Varney
to discuss the Oversight hearing, the ongoing Ebola crisis, and what more the Obama Administration should be doing to ensure Americans both at home and in West Africa are protected from the ongoing epidemic.
Click the images below to see full video of the interviews.
The Ebola outbreak is an awful tragedy and we must stop the spread of this horrendous disease.
However, we must also guarantee the safety of the brave men and women of our armed forces who defend us every day.
I will continue to work to ensure they have the resources necessary to complete their mission.
Staying Busy in NC-10
Over the last couple weeks, I have continued my travels across the 10th District meeting with constituents and touring businesses and schools.
Recently I spent a day in Polk County and had the honor of
presenting a nearly $100,000 grant check
to the Green Creek Volunteer Fire Department in Columbus.
Following the grant check presentation I toured one of the most exciting new projects in the 10th District, the Tryon Resort in Mill Spring.
While there we toured the resort's equestrian center which opened this summer and is one of he finest facilities of its kind in the country.
When completed, Tryon Resort will include the equestrian center, a hotel, and golf course.
After a great day in Polk County, I spent a day in Catawba County touring two businesses in Newton.
My first stop was at TransTech Truck Driving School.
While there I learned firsthand the training programs students work through in their path to becoming commercial truck drivers.
My next stop was at the ArcelorMittal Piedmont Steel Plate Processing plant.
While there I met with employees, toured the plant, and learned about the products produced which are crucial to the large truck supply chain.
This week, I enjoyed a great visit to North Lincoln High School in Lincolnton.
While at North Lincoln I met with students, faculty, and members of the Lincoln County School Board.
I also observed a few classes and learned about the school's Advanced Manufacturing and CTE curriculum which should serve as a model for school's throughout our state.
For more pictures from my visits throughout the 10th District, be sure to
like my Facebook page
and
follow me on Instagram .
Remembering a Gaston County Icon
Wednesday brought sad news as we learned of
the passing of former Parkdale Mills Chairman Duke Kimbrell .
A Gaston County native, Mr. Kimbrell grew up in the mill houses and was first hired to sweep floors at the mill.
He went on to work at Parkdale for 70 years, growing the company into one of the world's leading textile companies.
Mr. Kimbrell was also a veteran who flew missions over Europe during World War II and later went to NC State on the GI Bill.
He was also known for his generous contributions to his hometown endowing scholarships for high school students and donating to countless civic causes.
Duke Kimbrell is one of Gaston County's finest sons and he will be deeply missed.
Click
here to read my full statement
on Mr. Kimbrell's passing.
(Photo courtesy of the Gaston Gazette)
What I Have Been Reading
Local veteran got red-carpet treatment at movie debut
The Gaston Gazette
Excellent story on Gastonia resident Ray Stewart.
Stewart joined the Army during World War II at the age of 19 and went on to help liberate Europe.
Last year he joined a group of World War II veterans who flew to Los Angeles to consult for the new WWII movie
Fury .
Just recently, Stewart and his wife flew to Washington for a premier of the movie at which they met the movie's star, Brad Pitt.
Proof is in the water for breweries
The Asheville Citizen-Times
Very interesting story from the ACT on the important role fresh water, and lots of it, plays in brewing beer.
The abundance of quality fresh water is one of the major reasons Asheville and Western North Carolina have become such popular destinations for breweries aiming to expand to the East Coast.
Belmont company provides steel for Carowinds "Fury"
The Gaston Gazette
Having spent my high school summers working at Carowinds, it was very cool to see a 10th District company helping build the theme park's newest roller coaster "Fury".
This interactive feature from the Gazette highlights the role Belmont's Steel Speciality Inc. is playing in helping construct "Fury" which will be one of the world's fastest and tallest "giga-coasters," a roller coaster between 300 and 399 feet.
WASHINGTON, D.C. OFFICE
2334 Rayburn HOB
Washington, D.C. 20515
Telephone: 202.225.2576
Fax: 202.225.0316
HICKORY DISTRICT OFFICE
87 4th St. NW, Ste A, PO Box 1830
Hickory, NC 28603
Telephone: 828.327.6100
Toll-Free in NC: 800.477.2576
Fax: 828.327.8311
GASTONIA DISTRICT OFFICE
Suite 115
Gaston Co. Administrative Bldg
128 West Main Avenue
Gastonia, NC 28053
Telephone: 704.833.0096
BLACK MTN. DISTRICT OFFICE
160 Midland Avenue
Black Mountain, NC 28711
Telephone: 828.669.0600
Click Here Click Here