DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.0 Transitional//EN" "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml1/DTD/xhtml1-transitional.dtd"
I dont know how we will ever have the moral authority to deal with social welfare if we cant deal with corporate welfare
In case you missed it over the weekend, I sat down with James Freeman of the Wall Street Journal to discuss my goals for the next Congress and my vision for our country. Below are excerpts from the interview, and the entire interview can be found
here .
Fundamental Tax Reform:
Nothing says economic growth like fundamental tax reform, says Mr. Hensarling. The idea is to slash tax rates, along with loopholes, to enact a simpler, more user-friendly tax system.
Contrary to much Washington wisdom, including among conservative pundits, he says tax reform is possible in 2015 not only because the IRS is in such ill repute, but also because Republicans will have no excuse for inaction if they control both houses of Congress. Its a put-up or shut-up moment for us, he says.
Export-Import Bank:
An early gut check for Republican reformers will come next year when Congress will decide whether to once again reauthorize the Export-Import Bank, a monument to crony capitalism that provides cheap financing for selected international trade deals.
Mr. Hensarling views the Ex-Im battle somewhat as a precursor to the tax reform fight because there are so many vested corporate interests served by the current tax code: If we cant get rid of this agency and the corporate welfare it represents, how will House Republicans ever muster the intestinal fortitude to be able to do fundamental tax reform? He adds, with some political poignancy, I dont know how we will ever have the moral authority to deal with social welfare if we cant deal with corporate welfare.
Dodd-Frank:
Mr. Hensarling sees an opportunity to revisit the 2010 Dodd-Frank law, which was drafted in haste after the financial crisis and was falsely promoted as an end to too-big-to-fail banks. Mr. Hensarling says that given the state of the economy, people are taking a second look at both the law and the story they were sold by its authors. Weve all heard about Wall Street greed. I think people are now starting to be a little bit more sensitized to Washington greedthe greed for power and control over our lives and our economy.
He notes that consumers arent pleased with the results: Free checking and credit-card perks are disappearing, and more generally the economy is lagging. Mr. Obamas approval ratings on economic policy are down, and Mr. Hensarling thinks one reason is the burden on lending and small community banks by Dodd-Franks sheer weight, volume, complexity and number of regulations.
CFPB:
He is particularly focused on the laws Financial Stability Oversight Council and on the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau (CFPB), which he calls the single most unaccountable agency in the history of America. Housed within the Federal Reserve, it draws funding from the Fed but doesnt answer to any Fed officials, or to congressional appropriators, or to a bipartisan commission, as most independent agencies do. The bureau is run by a single director who cannot be removed unless the president can show cause. Mr. Hensarling also notes that the Bureau doesnt even have true oversight by the courts because of the Supreme Courts Chevron legal doctrine that compels judges to show deference to the bureaus decisions. This lack of accountability may be why the bureau has been constructing what Mr. Hensarling calls the Taj Mahal to serve as its Beltway headquarters.
Mr. Hensarling believes the CFPBs lack of accountability is also leading to consumer protections that Americans dont want or need. Once the bureaus rules are fully implemented, he says, one third of all blacks and Hispanics will no longer be able to buy the homes that they have traditionally been able to buy. We are protecting them out of their homes! The qualified-mortgage rule should have been called quitting mortgages because thats what its all about. So I think Ive got the argument that is very compelling and people feel it, says Mr. Hensarling. Theyre less free and less prosperous.
Yours respectfully,
Jeb Hensarling
Member of Congress
www.hensarling.house.gov
(202) 225-3484
DC
(903) 675-8288
Athens
(214) 349-9996
Dallas
Please do not respond to this email as this is an unattended mailbox.
If you would like to comment please
click here
or if you would like to sign up to receive my enewsletter please
click here .
Connect with me on:
Click Here Click Here