Copyright (c) 1996-2014 Constant Contact. All rights reserved.
Except as permitted under a separate
written agreement with Constant Contact, neither the Constant Contact software, nor any content that appears on any Constant Contact site,
including but not limited to, web pages, newsletters, or templates may be reproduced, republished, repurposed, or distributed without the
prior written permission of Constant Contact.
For inquiries regarding reproduction or distribution of any Constant Contact material, please
contact legal@constantcontact.com.
Mike Kelly's Weekly E-Newsletter
September 27, 2014
Follow me on Twitter!
Visit my YouTube page!
Click here to subscribe to my weekly
E-newsletter
My Offices
ERIE DISTRICT OFFICE 208 E. Bayfront Parkway Suite 102 Erie, PA 16507 Phone: (814) 454-8190 Fax: (814) 454-8197
BUTLER DISTRICT OFFICE
101 East Diamond St Suite 218 Butler, PA
16001 Phone: (724) 282-2557
Fax: (724) 282-3682
SHARON DISTRICT OFFICE
33 Chestnut Street Sharon, PA
16146 Phone: (724) 342-7170 Fax: (724) 342-7242
WASHINGTON, DC OFFICE
1519 Longworth HOB Washington, DC 20515 Phone: (202) 225-5406 Fax: (202) 225-3103
CRAWFORD COUNTY OFFICE Every Wednesday 9:00 a.m. - 4:00 p.m. 908 Diamond Park Meadville, PA 16335
ARMSTRONG COUNTY OFFICE
Every Thursday 9:00 a.m. - 4:00 p.m. 300 South McKean Street Kittanning, PA 16201
LAWRENCE COUNTY
Every Friday 9:00 a.m. - 4: 00 p.m. Lawrence County Courthouse 430 Court Street New Castle, PA
16101
Dear Friends,
Thomas Jefferson once enunciated the basic principle of public service: "When a man assumes a public trust, he should consider himself as public property."
Last year, as you know, it was revealed that America's "public trust" had been breached by federal bureaucrats in one of the most chilling ways imaginable: the Internal Revenue Service (IRS) -- already the most fearsome federal agency -- had used its daunting power to target conservative-leaning political organizations for unfair, unthinkable abuse.
As you also know,
the most identifiable culprit behind this scandal -- former
senior IRS official Lois Lerner -- has yet to face any repercussions. Worse, since retiring from the IRS, Lerner has refused to testify about her role in the IRS's discrimination or share any meaningful information with investigators, such as my colleagues on the House Ways and Means Committee.
I therefore find it outrageous that Lerner recently broke her silence, not to Congress, but to a newspaper in which she insisted that she committed absolutely no wrongdoing and is actually "proud" of her IRS career. She even took pains to portray herself as a victim -- while showing virtually zero sympathy to the actual victims of IRS abuse.
Our democracy is founded on the very ideal of government of, by, and for the people. One of the ways we maintain that ideal is to insist that all public employees place loyalty to the Constitution, our laws, and basic ethical principles above private and political gain.
The federal bureaucracy -- comprised of thousands of unelected actors -- is meant to be utterly non-partisan when enforcing the laws which Congress and the president enact. To do otherwise is a crime.
While our committee will continue to search for answers, our powers are limited. Therefore, the Attorney General -- either Eric Holder or whomever replaces him when he leaves office -- must still appoint a Special Counsel to investigate the IRS's crimes and bring forth the necessary prosecutions. A House-passed resolution beckons him to do so. Only he has the power to bring proper criminal charges to the table and carry out the justice this entire episode demands.
Nothing less than the democratic ideals enshrined in our Constitution are at stake.
As Chief Justice John Marshall wrote in
McCulloch
v.
Maryland
195 years ago, "The power to tax is the power to destroy."
When that power is abused, the public trust crumbles. When that power is used to
effectively punish certain Americans for their beliefs,
the future of our government is threatened.
The Obama administration must fulfill its duty to enforce the law and defend the Constitution. For the sake of our system's integrity and the First Amendment rights of all Americans of every political persuasion, the IRS's crimes must not go uninvestigated, uncharged, or unpunished.
It's long past time to give the American people a government they can trust again.
Sincerely,
Rep. Kelly to Appear as Special Guest at Higher Education Financial Aid Seminar
Rep. Kelly will be welcomed as a special guest at an upcoming seminar in New Castle, PA to help students apply for and receive financial aid to attend colleges, universities, community colleges, trade schools, and business schools, as well as hospital school of nursing programs. The event will feature a presentation by the
Pennsylvania Higher Education Assistance Agency
(PHEAA) in cooperation with the
Lawrence County Community Action Partnership
(LCCAP).
WHO:
Representative Mike Kelly (PA-03)
Wendy Dunlap - Higher Education Access Partner, PHEAA
WHAT:
PHEAA Financial Aid Education Night, a free seminar for students interested in applying for financial aid for post-secondary education. Rep. Kelly will deliver opening remarks.
DATE:
Tuesday, October 7, 2014
TIME:
6:00 PM - 7:30 PM
LOCATION:
Ben Franklin Early Learning Center
815 Cunningham Ave.
New Castle, PA 16101
Statement by Rep. Kelly:
"I believe that every young adult should have an opportunity to pursue a higher education, regardless of his or her economic background. In so many cases, a college degree can make a major difference in a student's career potential that better enables that student to achieve his or her dreams. I encourage all senior students in the area to attend this free seminar and learn how to make obtaining financial aid for college or trade school as easy and effective as possible."
Rep. Kelly Co-Authors Bipartisan Letter to
South Korean President Expressing Support
for
"Reunified Korea Free of Tyranny"
Bipartisan letter to President Park follows
historic visit to Republic of Korea
by Pope Francis
On
Monday, Rep. Kelly -- co-chairman of the Congressional Caucus on Korea -- sent a
bipartisan letter
to President Park Geun-hye of the Republic of Korea (South Korea) which he co-authored with fellow Korea caucus co-chairman Rep. Gerry Connolly (D-VA). The letter offers congratulations to President Park for hosting a successful visit by Pope Francis to South Korea last month, as well as expresses support for President Park's
recently-launched
"Presidential Committee on Reunification" and "the trust-building process on the Korean Peninsula." A copy of the letter -- signed by 14 Members of Congress -- can be viewed
here .
Text of Rep. Kelly & Rep. Connolly's letter:
"We are writing to congratulate you on the successful visit by His Holiness Pope Francis to Korea last month. The visit not only highlighted but confirmed the important leadership role that Korea is actively playing in the Asia-Pacific region. Korea is a key U.S. ally, indispensable partner and friend, and our shared values have served as a cornerstone to freedom and prosperity.
"We applaud your strong leadership and conviction especially in light of the continued acts of destabilization by North Korea throughout the past year. We support your efforts to maintain a firm and consistent posture against any threats and provocations by North Korea, while also seeking avenues for peaceful dialogue with the North for the eventual reunification of the Korean Peninsula.
"To this end, we affirm the Pope's conveyance of his 'appreciation for the efforts being made in favor of reconciliation and stability on the Korean Peninsula, and to encourage those efforts, for they are the only sure path to lasting peace.' We further wish to express our support for the goals and vision that you eloquently articulated in your Dresden Address on reunification on March 28th. In particular, we wish to commend your initiatives aimed at increased family reunions, targeted humanitarian assistance and promotion of educational and cultural exchange programs.
"We are also aware that a Presidential Committee on Reunification has been established with the intent to be both 'concrete and operational.' We congratulate you on the creation of this important committee. And as you stated in your Joint Meeting of the Congress address to us last year, the trust-building process on the Korean Peninsula is an important policy priority, firmly rooted in the U.S.-Korea alliance, and we further applaud your efforts to create an international Peace Park at the DMZ.
"Madam President, we reiterate our support for your initiative for peace and cooperation in Northeast Asia as well as your goals and vision outlined in your Dresden Address. May we one day see a reunified Korea free of tyranny, oppression and suffering and we look forward to partnering with you in the United States Congress to realize this important and shared objective."
Rep. Kelly Statement on
Resignation of Attorney General Eric Holder
Rep. Kelly issued the following statement on Thursday in response to the announcement of Eric Holder's impending resignation as U.S. Attorney General.
"Today's announcement is a welcome yet long overdue relief for every American who believes in the integrity of our nation's laws. From obstructing the truth behind the Fast and Furious operation to supporting President Obama's circumvention of Congress to change laws, and
so much more
in between, Mr. Holder has repeatedly demonstrated his failure to properly do his job. Time and again, his crass neglect for transparency and enforcement of law amounted to a dereliction of duty. Looking ahead, I sincerely hope that Mr. Holder's successor will bring fresh air and renewed discipline to the Justice Department and a firm respect for the Constitution as expected of the highest lawyer in our land. The American people deserve nothing less."
NOTE:
On June 29, 2012, Rep. Kelly -- as a member of the House Committee on Oversight and Government Reform (OGR) -- joined a majority of the House of Representatives in
voting to hold Attorney General Holder in contempt of Congress
for his failure to comply with investigations into the Justice Department's failed "Fast and Furious" operation. Rep. Kelly questioned AG Holder about the operation several months prior at an OGR hearing, which can be viewed
here
.
On February 12, 2014, Rep. Kelly
authored and submitted
a letter to AG Holder requesting an explanation of the Constitutional authority under which the Obama administration is carrying out
the president's pledge
to use his "pen" and "phone" to "take executive actions and administrative actions" affecting existing laws without congressional involvement. The letter, which can be viewed
here , was co-signed by 20 Members of Congress. The Justice Department has still not responded to Rep. Kelly's request.
WEEKLY PHOTOS
Pictured: Rep. Kelly with veteran Chester Pokusa
On Monday, Rep. Kelly had the tremendous honor and privilege of presenting two distinguished veterans with medals for their heroic service: Chester Pokusa, a veteran of World War II; and Charles Rock, who fought for our nation in Viet Nam.
Pictured: Rep. Kelly with veteran Charles Rock
___________________________________________
On Wednesday, Rep. Kelly visited the Lawrence County Career & Technical Center. He met with Director Len Rich and Principal Regina Hiler, along with many of the school's staff and teachers .
Forward this email This email was sent to dj724530@gmail.com by
thomas.qualtere@mail.house.gov
|
Update Profile/Email Address
|
Rapid removal with
SafeUnsubscribe &trade;
|
Privacy Policy . The Office of Representative Mike Kelly
|
1519 Longworth House Office Building
|
Washington
|
DC
|
20515
