
WASHINGTON/ARKANSAS UPDATE
Cotton damage affects more than farmers
I recently had the opportunity to visit the Buffalo Island area, meeting with and listening to the region's cotton growers who were affected by hail damage in the first half of October. Altogether, estimates cite about 24,000 destroyed acres with another 16,000-26,000 acres damaged. Some of these growers have lost most, if not all, of their 2014 harvests.
During the meeting it was noted that many of our communities in Arkansas' First District rely heavily upon agriculture. The First District has about 22,000 farm operators and more than 14,000 farms. These farms, in turn, employ workers while also creating the need for various agribusinesses throughout the region. Ultimately, agriculture's impact extends to nearly all aspects of the First District, from our banks to our grocery stores to our local school districts and governments.
When a disaster strikes, like the one in Buffalo Island, it creates a sense of urgency among the entire community -- not just the affected farmers. As such, I look forward to working with my colleagues in Congress to provide some sort of relief that will not only benefit our First District farmers, but our communities, too.
On Saturday, I met with cotton growers in the Buffalo Island region of Northeast Arkansas discussing hail damage that devastated their 2014 harvests. I appreciate help from Larry Teague of Black Oak Gin in organizing the event as well as attendance and participation from area growers and numerous local, state, and federal officials and employees.
I recently toured Southwestern Energy (SWN) Company's natural gas drilling site in Cleburne County. SWN has provided a new source of jobs to AR-1, training and employing skilled workers at an average annual pay of $70,000. It was a privilege to gear up and join them. I even sat in the operator's chair!
As a member of the House Committee on Transportation &amp; Infrastructure, I recently met with
(from left) Carl Sigler, Johnny Stricklin, Brian Lagomarcino, Dave Edelen, and Chris Kelley of
Old Dominion Freight Line in Memphis. We discussed the benefits of utilizing double 33' trailer combinations opposed to double 28.5' combinations, which federal law currently only allows. On a side note, Johnny and Brian make the commute from AR-1 each day to be a part of this great organization.
Craighead County Farm Bureau recently offered me the chance to address members attending its annual meeting at the NEA Expo Center in Jonesboro. I always look forward to visiting with Farm Bureau folks, and the red beans &amp; rice were an added bonus!
Need for Agricultural Disaster Options Show in 2014
A quick glance at 2014 might give the impression that Arkansas agriculture has had a banner year.
Riding an El Nio climate pattern that promoted rainfall and milder temperatures, the state saw good pasture growth for livestock this summer while also setting an overall yield record for winter wheat at 63 bushels per acre. Meanwhile, fall harvests have proven equally promising, with strong yields reported for many First District row crops, including multiple 100-plus bushels-per-acre soybeans.
And yet, despite the weather aiding 2014s climb to the record books, weve had multiple dark clouds in the First District overshadowing our accomplishments.
First, we had serious flooding beginning June 28 across a swath of East-Central Arkansas counties that destroyed or damaged a large percentage of soybean, rice, and corn acres. Second, the Turner Grain Merchandising collapse occurred in the middle of August, where affected grain producers could not receive payment for crops they already harvested or booked for this falls harvest. Most recently, cotton growers in eastern Craighead County experienced a severe hail storm in early October that devastated tens of thousands of cotton acres ready for harvest. On top of these difficulties, producers have seen declining crop prices, meaning those bumper wheat and soybean yields dont generate the same incomes as previous years.
In short, even the good years
and certainly the lean ones
carry challenges and hardships.
In the wake of these setbacks, I can think of no better time for Congress to address its inability to provide free-market disaster mitigation options to the men and women who meet our food and fiber needs. These tools would grant agricultural producers flexibility to properly secure their operations against outside forces including poor weather and business collapses; all without the Federal Governments involvement.
I think of the Farm Risk Abatement and Mitigation Election (FRAME) Act as an example of a free-market approach to agricultural disaster preparedness. This pending bill would allow producers
recognized by the U.S. Department of Agriculture
the ability to set-up farm savings accounts, known as FRAME accounts, for the sole intention of weathering agricultural disasters. To enroll in the program, producers would first register with USDAs Farm Service Agency. The FRAME accounts could then be administered by any bank, giving farmers the ability to manage contributions and investments as they see fit.
Consequently, when disasters inevitably strike, agricultural producers with free-market options wouldnt have to wait on the Federal Government to provide assistance that often takes months or even years. They could immediately access their own savings set aside to survive the tough times, whenever they may occur. And whatever challenges 2015 might bring, producers would have a little assurance theyll still be farming in 2016, and wed have some assurance our food and fiber demands will still be met, too.
WEBSITE
|
UNSUBSCRIBE
|
CONTACT
Click Here Click Here