
If you are having trouble viewing this message or
would like to share it on a social network, you can
view the message online .
Home
|
About
|
How
Can I Help?
|
Media
|
Issues
|
The 6th District
Supporting the Anschutz Medical
Campus
Dear
Friends:
One of the best, and most
exciting aspects, of representing the 6 th
Congressional
District is the opportunity to meet with and learn more about the
businesses, people, and institutions it contains. One example is the Anschutz
Medical Campus here in Aurora. Not only is it one of the largest
employers and economic drivers in the district, it is also producing state
of the art medical research while delivering world class medical care
and education. The integration of a medical school, academic research
facility, and multiple hospitals, in this one location, makes it a
crown jewel that is bringing dollars and jobs to Colorado and better
health care outcomes for us all.
Accordingly, I focus on
supporting all the exciting work on medical care, education, and research
happening at the Anschutz campus.
An illustration of the impact Anschutz has is
the Gates Center for Regenerative Medicine and Stem Cell Biology.
It was established, in 2006, with a $6.5 million grant from the Gates
Frontier Fund to support the collaboration between basic scientific
researchers and clinical faculty to transition scientific breakthroughs
into clinical practice as quickly as possible.
Since that
initial grant, the innovative work coming out of the center has led to more
than $150 million in additional funding, delivering jobs to this
facility and bringing potential medical breakthroughs closer to
reality.
At present,
one of the most exciting projects of the Gates Center is the use of
adult stem cells to manufacture blood. This project is of particular
interest to me because of its potential use by the military, as well as the
general public. As a Marine Corps combat veteran, you can well
understand my personal interest and excitement over the prospect of a
manufactured blood substitute. On a battlefield, one of the most common
causes of death is the loss of blood due to wounds. Consequently, the
Department of Defense (DoD) goes to great lengths to have on hand an
adequate supply of fresh blood. The ability to manufacture blood could
completely streamline the process of getting fresh blood to those who need
it, while improving
efficiency.
Additionally, exciting is the recent
announcement by the Veterans Administration that it will establish a new
Geriatric Research Education and Clinical Center on the Anschutz Campus.
As a member of the Veterans Affairs Committee and as a veteran
myself, I am pleased that our community will continue to lead in the
important area of geriatric health and in caring for our older
veterans.
The key factor in the VAs decision to locate this new center at
Anschutz was the ability of VA staff, which will soon also relocate to
Anschutz, to collaborate with geriatric researchers already in place at
CUs medical school. The new center will initially employ a staff of
12. My support of this new center included a letter of recommendation
for this application.
There are many more innovative developments occurring on
the Anschutz campus.
During my regular visits to Anschutz, I am
continually impressed and heartened by the new research and
development programs being implemented by every department at the medical
school and hospitals on the campus. My goal is to identify ways to support
them and the continued growth and vitality of this remarkable center
of medical excellence.
Sincerely,
Mike Coffman
U.S.
Representative
If
you would like to sign up to receive regular email updates from Mike,
please visit
this
link
$ 17,905,786,213,778
If you
would like to sign up to receive regular email updates from Mike,
please visit
this
link
Share on Facebook
Share
on Twitter
Share on
LinkedIn
Read the Threatening Emails SentRead the
Threatening Emails Sent to a VA Whistleblower After He Appeared on
TV
New
Geriatric Research Education and Clinic
Approved
Coffman.House.gov
Released: October 23,
2014
( Washington,
D.C.) Today, the office of
Congressman Mike Coffman
(CO-6) announced that the Veterans Administration has approved the
Eastern Colorado Health Care System (ECHCS) for the establishment of a new
Geriatric Research Education and Clinical Center (GRECC) at the
Anschutz Medical Campus in Aurora Colorado.
The Director
of the Center for Aging at CU Anschutz, Dr. Robert Schwartz credits
Coffman and fellow Colorado Congressman Ed Perlmutter for help bringing
the new research and treatment center to Aurora. Denver Post
(10/23/14) VA Hospital at Anschutz in Aurora Lands Geriatric Research
Center
I am pleased that our community will continue to
lead in the important area of geriatric health, said Coffman.
As
a member of the Veterans Affairs Committee and as a veteran myself,
I am particularly pleased that this effort will focus on supporting
our older veterans, he continued.
Each GRECC
contains a research component, an education component, and a clinical
component. Currently there are 19 GRECCs which compete for research grants to
conduct research on aging and the diseases commonly associated with
it, to research how care is best delivered to elders, and to determine
the efficacy of rehabilitation. The GRECCs also work with clinical
staff in VA medical centers to demonstrate new or improved care for
elderly veterans.
This new center is expected to include
twelve new full time VA employees hired as researchers, clinical
educators and administrative staff dedicated to improving the lives of
elderly veterans.
Placing the GRECC at the University of
Colorado Anschutz Medical Campus will allow its staff to collaborate with
geriatric researchers at the Universitys medical school. This
collocation was a key factor in the success of the application.
This is the first new GRECC in more than 15 years.
Congressman Coffman provided a letter of support for the application and the
new center is part of his ongoing efforts to improve lives of
veterans.
The VA Eastern Colorado Health Care System was
chosen over two other national finalist hospitals.
Schwartz
credits much of that to the overwhelming support of local groups and
legislators including U.S. Rep. Mike Coffman and U.S. Rep Ed Perlmutter, as
well as support from the campus Dean of
Medicine.
Medicare Open
Enrollment is taking place now
I want to remind Medicare beneficiaries that it is
time for
Medicare Open Enrollment . Open Enrollment is
the time to review and compare your Medicare plan to either change, or
stay, with your current plan for 2015.
Open
Enrollment is October 15 to December 7th.
Y ou can compare
plans now at
medicare.gov
Find local help
medicare.gov/contacts
to compare plans.
Davis added that eliminating potentially hundreds of
thousands of old claims would let the VA boast about improving its
performance rate for veterans seeking medical help, when really it would
only be trashing claims it never answered. By deleting the record,
youre deleting your true turnaround time, he told TheBlaze. to a VA
Whistleblower After He Appeared on TV
By Peter Kasperowicz
TheBlaze.com
Published October 21,
2014
The Department
of Veterans Affairs last month tried to force one of its employees to
sign a non-disclosure agreement and threatened disciplinary action,
after the employee appeared on television to criticize the VA for
failing in its mission to deliver health care to veterans.
Scott Davis is a program
specialist at the VAs Health Eligibility Center in Atlanta, and more
recently is a whistleblower who has testified in Congress about the VAs
numerous failures. Davis has also been on several TV and radio shows to
discuss the VAs failures over the last few months.
After appearing on Fox News on
September 2, Davis was emailed just minutes later by William Lamm, who asked
Davis to appear at an Administrative Investigation Board meeting
scheduled for September 4. Lamm said Davis would be asked to sign a copy
of a notice at that meeting.
Davis told TheBlaze that he isnt sure what the Board
meeting would cover, but based on the notice, it appeared to be an
attempt to start an internal VA investigation into Daviss actions. The
notice Davis was asked to sign said employees must testify freely and
honestly in cases respecting employment and disciplinary matters,
and also said issues discussed as part of the investigation cannot be
talked about outside the VA.
VA Directive 0700 requires you to refrain from disclosing any
information developed in the course of the investigation, including
the substance of your testimony, with others, if so directed by the
Convening Authority or by a member of the administrative investigative
board, it reads. This is to protect the integrity and fairness of the
investigative process.
Davis replied in an email on September 3 that the White
House Office of Special Counsel is already investigating his
whistleblower case, and said the VA has already determined that the OSC
investigation must be concluded before the VA itself takes any action against
Davis.
Therefore, I will have to decline your invitation to meet tomorrow, Davis
wrote. Mr. Lamm, I respectfully ask that you please stop contacting me
about this matter.
Later that day, Lamm wrote back that Davis had no choice but to
attend the meeting, and reminded him that the notice Davis was
required to sign says refusing to testify on disciplinary matters may be
ground for disciplinary action.
Mr. Davis, with all due respect, the notification
that was sent to you and to your representative to appear before the
Administrative Investigation Board was not an invitation to which you
can decline, Lamm wrote.
Lamm backed off his demand later in the day, in an email that
said the VA wants to cooperate with the OSC, and that the OSC would not
be able to have an Agent attend the planned hearing. Davis told
TheBlaze that this veiled threat seemed empty, as the OSC told him
personally that it does not employ any such Agents.
Still, the exchange prompted Rep.
Mike Coffman (R-Colo.) to write VA Secretary Robert McDonald about the
VAs effort to silence Davis.
Mr. Davis recently indicated to my staff that he is
receiving threatening emails regarding disciplinary action against him,
Coffman wrote. He indicated he is being harassed and investigated
and that human resource officials have demanded that he sign a document,
without a VA or OMB identification control number, purporting to be a
Notice of Witness Obligations, Protections and Privacy.
Click here to see Rep.
Coffman's Letter
Please be assured that retaliation against VA employees that have
provided whistleblower information to Congress will not be tolerated,
Coffman added. I request a response and explanation within five
working days.
Davis and House aides said they are not aware of a response from
McDonald, more than a month after Coffmans letter was sent.
In the meantime, Davis is
continuing to blow the whistle on the failure of the VA to clean up the
mess after the health care scandal broke earlier this year. Hes also
tweeting updates at his Twitter profile, @ScottDavis_WB.
Most recently, Davis has
warned that the VA appears to be preparing to jettison thousands of old
veterans claims for healthcare that were never processed. Davis said
the VA has been sending letters to people who filed these unanswered
claims, and appears to be preparing to argue that it can freely drop any
outstanding claim unless veterans write back.
The trouble is, Davis said, is that
the VA is getting a response rate of about 8 percent, and said the VA
appears to be looking for an easy way to justify ditching these old
claims.
Davis
added that eliminating potentially hundreds of thousands of old claims
would let the VA boast about improving its performance rate for
veterans seeking medical help, when really it would only be trashing claims
it never answered. By deleting the record, youre deleting your true
turnaround time, he told TheBlaze.
Read the Threatening Emails Sent to VA Whistleblower After He
Appeared on TV
By Peter
Kasperowicz
TheBlaze.com
Published October 21,
2014
The Department of Veterans Affairs
last month tried to force one of its employees to sign a non-disclosure
agreement and threatened disciplinary action, after the employee
appeared on television to criticize the VA for failing in its mission to
deliver health care to
veterans.
Scott Davis is a program specialist
at the VAs Health Eligibility Center in Atlanta, and more recently is
a whistleblower who has testified in Congress about the VAs numerous
failures. Davis has also been on several TV and radio shows to
discuss the VAs failures over the last few
months.
After appearing on
Fox News on September 2, Davis was emailed just minutes later by
William Lamm, who asked Davis to appear at an Administrative Investigation
Board meeting scheduled for September 4. Lamm said Davis would be asked
to sign a copy of a notice at that
meeting.
Davis told TheBlaze
that he isnt sure what the Board meeting would cover, but based on
the notice, it appeared to be an attempt to start an internal VA
investigation into Daviss actions. The notice Davis was asked to sign said
employees must testify freely and honestly in cases respecting
employment and disciplinary matters, and also said issues discussed as part
of the investigation cannot be talked about outside the
VA.
VA
Directive 0700 requires you to refrain from disclosing any information
developed in the course of the investigation, including the substance
of your testimony, with others, if so directed by the Convening
Authority or by a member of the administrative investigative board, it
reads. This is to protect the integrity and fairness of the investigative
process.
Davis replied in an email on September 3 that the White
House Office of Special Counsel is already investigating his
whistleblower case, and said the VA has already determined that the OSC
investigation must be concluded before the VA itself takes any action
against Davis.
Therefore, I will have to decline your invitation to
meet tomorrow, Davis wrote. Mr. Lamm, I respectfully ask that you
please stop contacting me about this
matter.
Later that day, Lamm
wrote back that Davis had no choice but to attend the meeting, and
reminded him that the notice Davis was required to sign says refusing to
testify on disciplinary matters may be ground for disciplinary
action.
Mr. Davis, with all due respect, the notification that was sent to
you and to your representative to appear before the Administrative
Investigation Board was not an invitation to which you can decline,
Lamm wrote.
Lamm backed off his demand later in the day, in an email
that said the VA wants to cooperate with the OSC, and that the OSC
would not be able to have an Agent attend the planned hearing. Davis
told TheBlaze that this veiled threat seemed empty, as the OSC told him
personally that it does not employ any such
Agents.
Still, the
exchange prompted
Rep. Mike Coffman
(R-Colo.) to write
VA Secretary Robert McDonald about the VAs effort to silence
Davis.
Mr. Davis recently indicated to my staff that he is receiving
threatening emails regarding disciplinary action against him, Coffman
wrote. He indicated he is being harassed and investigated and that
human resource officials have demanded that he sign a document, without a
VA or OMB identification control number, purporting to be a Notice of
Witness Obligations, Protections and
Privacy.
Click here to see Rep. Coffman's
Letter
Please be assured that retaliation
against VA employees that have provided whistleblower information to
Congress will not be tolerated, Coffman added. I request a response and
explanation within five working
days.
Davis and House aides said
they are not aware of a response from McDonald, more than a month after
Coffmans letter was
sent.
In the meantime, Davis is continuing to
blow the whistle on the failure of the VA to clean up the mess after
the health care scandal broke earlier this year. Hes also tweeting
updates at his Twitter profile,
@ScottDavis_WB.
Most recently, Davis
has warned that the VA appears to be preparing to jettison thousands
of old veterans claims for healthcare that were never processed. Davis
said the VA has been sending letters to people who filed these
unanswered claims, and appears to be preparing to argue that it can freely
drop any outstanding claim unless veterans write
back.
The trouble
is, Davis said, is that the VA is getting a response rate of about 8
percent, and said the VA appears to be looking for an easy way to
justify ditching these old claims.
Washington Office
2443
Rayburn HOB
Washington, D.C.
20515
Phone: (202)
225-7882
Fax: (202) 226-4623
District Office
Cherry Creek Place IV
3300 S. Parker Road, Suite #305
Aurora, CO 80014
Phone: (720) 748-7514
Fax: (720) 748-7680
Unsubscribe
|
Update My Profile
|
Privacy Policy
gateway
mail end 