
Oct. 16, 2014
The Conaway Chronicle: Texas Botanical Gardens &amp; Native American Interpretive Center Ribbon Cutting, Talking With Students, and Sgt. Mike Naylor
__________________________________________
Thank you for reading The Conaway Chronicle, a review of my activities in Congress and the 11th District.
Texas Botanical Gardens &amp; Native American Interpretive Center:
The Texas Botanical Gardens &amp; Native American Interpretive Center in Goldthwaite held an opening ceremony on Oct. 11th.
This was a great event to mark the opening of a place that will serve to remind us all of the beauty of our state and its heritage.
Our former First Lady Laura Bush gave the keynote address and used a flint to cut a leather ribbon.
The flint knife with an antler, buffalo and ram handle was made from local flint by knapper Tommy Patterson from Comanche.
The deer hide ribbon, decorated with feathers, beads and flint art arrow points and decorative wooden box for knife were all done by local artists.
Laura Bush is the founder of Taking Care of Texas ,
which was instrumental in creating the Botanical Gardens &amp; Interpretive Center. I had the huge honor of introducing Laura Bush. She is one of us, she is a Texan. She has a great appreciation for preserving our natural resources. She also understands that the best way to do this is to work with the private land owners, who own 95 percent of the land in Texas. That is why she found Taking Care of Texas, which is working on practical, scientific, and citizen-led innovations in conservation. As they say on their website: "We balance a passion for safeguarding natural resources with respect for private property interests."
Talking With High School Students:
It was great talking with the high schools students from Brady, San Saba, Cherokee, Lohn, Rochelle, Lometa, and Evant. I was in Rex Ewert's class at Brady High School and connected by teleconference to the other schools. For the sake of our country's future, we all need to spend time with the young men and women in our communities.
Mr. Ewert is an outstanding teacher.
As many of you know, Suzanne was a teacher at Sam Houston Elementary School in Midland and I served on the Midland School Board. Both Suzanne and I have incredible respect for the work that teachers in the 11th District are doing.
Tour of Loadcraft Industries in Brownwood:
Our economy in Texas is strong thanks to companies like Loadcraft Industries. The men and women who work for Loadcraft design and manufacture the 250-2000 horsepower drilling and workover rigs, drawworks, heavy haul trailers, dollies, beams, and multi-axle components.
This equipment is essential for the heavy haul and oilfield transportation industries.
Loadcraft has hired more than 300 people this year. I enjoyed having the chance to tour the facilities. Our country needs policies that allow companies like Loadcraft to continue to grow and create new jobs.
Morgan Military Aviation Museum in Brady:
The men and women at the Morgan Military Aviation Museum in Brady are doing an outstanding job of preserving our history. The restoration of the C-44 in the picture has been a labor of love. They are both preserving these planes and the history of Curtis Field, which was used to train pilots during WWII. It was named for Mayor Harry L. Curtis of Brady, who proposed the site as an auxiliary field for the army. At the time it was built it was the only army air field named for a living person. Construction of the airport began in November 1940, and when it was completed pilots who had been training at Love Field in Dallas moved to Curtis Field. Classes began on March 23, 1941, with eighty students. At its peak, there were 500 students at Curtis Field. Facilities at the 354- acre field included a headquarters building and annex, a ground school, an infirmary, three barracks, and four hangars. Three auxiliary fields within a ten-mile radius were used for training purposes. The flight school at Curtis Field was closed on Aug. 4, 1945, and it became the Brady Municipal Airport. This museum does not just celebrate the planes and Curtis Field. It is also a monument to the brave men who were preparing to put their lives at risk defending our freedom.
Midland Police Sgt. Mike Naylor:
Mine and Suzanne's thoughts and prayers are with the family of Midland County Sheriff's Department Sgt. Mike Naylor. On Thursday Oct. 9th, Sgt. Naylor was fatally shot while serving a warrant. Our law enforcement officers put themselves at risk to protect and defend us. Officers and the rest of us know the risks that they face every day, but that in no way lessens the sense of horror and the sadness when one of them dies in the line of duty. I ask all of you to please keep his wife, Denise, and the rest of his family in your prayers.
Tessa Duvall wrote a very moving story about Sgt. Naylor in
The Midland Reporter-Telegram .
American Hero Dean Hallmark:
On Oct. 15th in 1942, the Japanese executed Dean E. Hallmark, an American hero, who was a native of Robert Lee, Texas.
Hallmark, who was 28-years-old at the time, had been shot down while participating in the Doolittle Raid on Tokyo.
The Doolittle Raid boosted American morale, which was low after the Pearl Harbor attack, and caused the Japanese public to doubt their leadership. In the raid, Hallmark piloted a B-25 bomber nicknamed The Green Hornet.
Hallmark posthumously received the Distinguished Flying Cross. According to the citation for the Distinguished Flying Cross, "1st Lieutenant Hallmark volunteered for this mission knowing full well that the chances of survival were extremely remote, and executed his part in it with great skill and daring."
May God bless this American hero who sacrificed his life for his countrymen.
As always, you can follow me on
Facebook ,
YouTube , and
Twitter .
Sincerely,
Rep. Mike Conaway, 11th District
Click Here
to view this email in your browser
Click Here
to be removed from this list