
Oct. 10, 2014
The Conaway Chronicle: Town Halls in Garden City and Lamesa, Meeting with Farmers at the Gin in Wall, and Combating Ebola
__________________________________________
Thank you for reading The Conaway Chronicle, a review of my activities in Congress.
Town Halls in Garden City and Lamesa:
We had great town halls in Lamesa and Garden City. These town halls are an integral part of representing you. I have to know what you are thinking and what your unvarnished opinions are. Democracy is not a spectator sport.
This past week, we focused mostly on the crisis in Syria and the need to export U.S. oil.
Meeting with Farmers at the Wall Gin:
Farmers around Wall are almost ready to start harvesting cotton.
On Oct. 9th I met with Wall Co-op Gin superintendent Scott Birkelbach and manager Mina Abbott.
Monroe Dierschke Jr., the president of the gin's board of directors also joined us.
We discussed the challenges that they face.
Although some cotton farmers have had better weather this year than they have had during the past couple of years, they are struggling with low prices.
A main priority in the Farm Bill was making sure that these farmers had a safety net that allowed them to weather tough times. This photograph from 2012 was published in the
San Angelo Standard-Times
Tea2Go in Midland:
Suzanne and I stopped by the Tea2go in Midland on Oct. 8th. We want to be the Starbucks of tea, Jeff Hunt, president and co-founder, recently told the The Midland Reporter-Telegram. From what I saw, they very well may accomplish what they are aiming for. Entrepreneurs, like the founders of Tea2Go, drive our economy forward. Click
here
to read The Midland Reporter-Telegram story.
City Pipe &amp; Supply Corp. in Odessa:
Odessa-based City Pipe &amp; Supply Corp. was established in 1942. Since then, this company has grown to be a leader in providing pipes, valves, and fittings to the oil, gas, mechanical, and industrial markets. Founder Ben Last, his son Bob, and current company President Brett Lossin,
have always believed that the best way to provide superior customer service is to have workers who have a stake in the company's future. The company is organized in such a way that is 100 percent owned by its employees.
On Oct. 8th, I visited their new headquarters in Odessa.
Since I last visited in 2010 and in the time since they've grown 270 percent. Companies like City Pipe &amp; Supply Corp. and their workers are the heart of our economy.
Visiting Oil Refineries:
I had a great visit to Valero's refinery in Houston on Oct. 6th.
Refiners, like Valero, have played a significant role in the energy renaissance that is reshaping America.
Combating Ebola:
Blocking the spread of the Ebola virus is a protectionist issue and a proper protectionist issue. We need to take the necessary measures to prevent individuals with the virus from entering the United States.
The scientists at the Centers for Disease Control should not be cavalier.
Their knowledge of this virus is very limited. Besides preventing the spread of Ebola, scientists should also focus on learning as much as they can about the disease.
Jobs Bills that are Stuck in the Senate:
The House of Representatives has passed numerous bills that would strengthen our economy and create jobs.
Senate Democratic Majority Leader Harry Reid refuses to take up these bills and President Obama has done his level best to sow the seeds of this divisiveness.
He will go down as one the most divisive presidents we have ever had.
I continue to fight because I want my seven grandkids and your kids and grandkids to be under a self-governing system.
The Swinging Bridge:
On maps, the suspension bridge that spans the Colorado River to connect Mills County and San Saba County is called the Regency Bridge, but locals call it the Swinging Bridge. The bridge, which is the last suspension bridge in Texas that you can drive your car over, is 325 feet long and has a wood surface. It was built in 1939, with 90 per cent of the work done by hand labor. The bridge was restored in 1997 and Governor George W. Bush attended the dedication ceremony. This is the third bridge to cross the Colorado River at this particular spot. The original bridge was built 1903 for ranchers and farmers to get to market, but fell in 1924, killing a boy, a horse, and some cattle. Its successor was demolished by a flood in 1936. When it was built in 1939, the Regency Bridge was the center of the community. Young men and women would gather there in the 1940s to picnic, dance, and sing. As we chart our course forward, we should never forget who came before us. They set examples that are worth remembering. This is not just a bridge. It is a connection to the Texans who have come before us.
As always, you can follow me on
Facebook ,
YouTube , and
Twitter .
Sincerely,
Rep. Mike Conaway, 11th District
Click Here
to view this email in your browser
Click Here
to be removed from this list