DOCTYPE html PUBLIC '-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.0 Transitional//EN' 'http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml1/DTD/xhtml1-transitional.dtd'
Bob Latta's Family Values Watch
September 2014
REPRESENTING OHIO'S 5TH DISTRICT
Share
Congressman Latta's monthly newsletter tracking life and family news from the Nations Capital
[if gte mso 9]>
Normal
0
false
false
false
EN-US
JA
X-NONE
<![endif]
GAO REPORT FINDS TAXPAYER DOLLARS FUND ELECTIVE ABORTIONS
The Government Accountability Office (GAO) recently released a report finding that the requirement in Obamacare for health insurance providers to bill individuals separately for the cost of abortion coverage is largely being ignored by many providers.
As a result, hard-earned taxpayer dollars are likely going to fund elective abortion services.
Sadly, the GAO report confirms a longstanding concern that the Presidents health care law not only fails to provide adequate safeguards for the use of taxpayer dollars, but it tramples on the sanctity of life and reprehensibly disregards the conscience rights of the American people.
Earlier this year, the House passed H.R. 7, the No Taxpayer Funding for Abortion and Abortion Insurance Full Disclosure Act.
This bill establishes a permanent, government-wide prohibition on taxpayer subsidies for abortion.
In addition, this bill will cut taxpayer subsidies for health care insurance plans that cover abortion, including plans offered under the Affordable Care Act. The measure has been awaiting consideration by the Senate since January.
The revelations from the GAO report underscore the absolute necessity of passing this legislation and I hope that the Senate will act without delay to protect and defend the right to life in the laws governing our nation. In the meantime, please be assured that I will continue to work with other pro-life Members of Congress to do all that I can to ensure that our laws protect the lives of the unborn and the conscience rights of those who valiantly stand in defense of life.
NEW HHS MANDATE RULES FAIL TO PROTECT CONSCIENCE RIGHTS
In August, the Obama Administration modified rules pertaining to the Obamacare HHS mandate for the eighth time.
The Administration released an interim final rule for nonprofit organizations as well as a proposed rule for certain for-profit businesses.
Under the interim final rule, qualifying nonprofit organizations will now have two options for reporting religious or moral objections to providing coverage of certain contraceptive and sterilization services required under the mandate.
Nonprofit organizations can either sign and submit a self-certification form and register their objection to their insurance company themselves (which is the original accommodation offered to nonprofit groups), or they can notify HHS of their objection in writing and then HHS will notify the employers health insurance company who will then be responsible for providing the health care plan recipients with the mandated drugs or devices required by the HHS mandate.
In the proposed rule regarding for-profit organizations, the Administration is seeking public comment on how an accommodation to the HHS mandate could apply to these types of entities, as well as how to define closely held corporations in light of the Supreme Courts decision in
Burwell v. Hobby Lobby . Currently, there is no accommodation in place for for-profit companies that have religious or moral objections to the mandate.
Unfortunately, these rules do not remedy the constitutional violations of the HHS mandate.
The interim final rule merely provides another version of the existing accommodation without offering a fundamentally different approach.
By failing to provide a clear exemption for those with religious or moral objections, the mandate continues to violate conscience rights and put the jobs, livelihood, and health care of millions of Americans at risk. The accommodation would still require nonprofit organizations and for-profit entities to be involved in the provisioning of contraceptive services in which they object.
Noncompliance by these groups will result in burdensome fines and penalties.
Americans should not be forced to choose between their faith and their livelihood. Religious freedom does not end when Americans go into business.
I recently joined a letter with several other Members of Congress to HHS Secretary Burwell to express deep concerns about the new rules that do nothing to alleviate the conscience and religious freedom violations of the mandate.
A copy of the letter can be found
here .
Freedom of religion is a bedrock principle of our nation and Congress has a responsibility to protect its integrity. I will continue to keep you updated on this issue as well as any response received from Secretary Burwell on the new rules.
News Releases
September 26:
Latta Delivers Books to Lucas County Jail
September 23:
Latta Leads Letter Stressing Importance of Toledo Express TRACON to 180th Fighter Wing
September 22:
Latta, Ohio Lawmakers Urge NOAA to Complete Great Lakes Algal Blooms Report
Social Media
Follow Congressman Latta online! He regularly updates his profiles with the latest news and developments from around Ohio and Capitol Hill.
OHIO OFFICES
WASHINGTON DC OFFICE
BOWLING GREEN OFFICE
1045 North Main St, Ste 6
Bowling Green, OH 43402
T (419) 354-8700
DEFIANCE OFFICE
101 Clinton St, Ste 1200
Defiance, OH 43512
T (419) 782-1996
FINDLAY OFFICE
318 Dorney Plaza, Room 302
Findlay, OH 45840
T (419) 422-7791
2448 Rayburn HOB
Washington, DC 20515
Main: 202-225-6405
Unsubscribe
-
Privacy Policy
Click Here Click Here