
Tuesday marks just one week until the final election of President Obama&rsquo;s term.
Democrats across the country are facing millions in attacks from the Koch brothers and Speaker Boehner. In fact, we got word a few days ago that GOP groups are launching their BIGGEST attack of the election against congressional Democrats nationwide. I just left a staff meeting where my team told me that if Democrats aren&rsquo;t able to get the air support they need, we could lose and lose big. Even in places like California and New York. The folks at House Majority PAC are doing their best to stand up for Democrats in tight races around the country. But if they&rsquo;re not able to add another $25O,OOO to their TV budget by Tuesday these latest attacks are going to go unanswered. That simply cannot happen. David, I need you to click here and give whatever you can to House Majority PAC. Every dollar really matters in the final days of this election. If you've saved your payment information with ActBlue Express, your donation will go through immediately: EXPRESS DONATE: $5 EXPRESS DONATE: $35 EXPRESS DONATE: $50 EXPRESS DONATE: $100 EXPRESS DONATE: $250 Or click here to donate another amount.
David, losing races in these critical districts would spell disaster for our country. We can&rsquo;t lose these tight races. People like Brad Schneider, Ann Kirkpatrick, and Annie Kuster are at risk of getting overwhelmed if House Majority PAC isn&rsquo;t able to expand its buys. Please contribute before it&rsquo;s too late &gt;&gt;
Thanks for all you do to help Democrats win,
Nancy
Leader Pelosi is only asking for a donation of up to $5,000 from individuals.
Leader Pelosi is not asking for donations in excess of these amounts or for donations from corporations, labor organizations, foreign nationals, federal contractors, or national banks. Paid for by the Democratic Congressional Campaign Committee | 430 South Capitol Street SE, Washington, DC 20003 www.dccc.org | Not authorized by any candidate or candidate's committee. If you would not like to receive these emails fundraising for the House Majority PAC click here:
unsubscribe .
This message was sent to:
dj724530@gmail.com
| If you'd like to sign up for emails in a different account, click
here .
We believe that emails are a crucial way for our campaign to stay in touch with supporters. However, if you'd rather not receive emails about this particular campaign, click
here . If you'd just like to receive fewer emails, you can click
here .
Our campaign to defeat Tea Party Republicans is powered by supporters like you. 99% of our contributions come from grassroots donations, with an average gift of $22. If you'd like to unsubscribe from DCCC emails, click
here . If you'd like to make an online donation, click
here . Thanks for your support of Democrats!
