DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.0 Transitional//EN" "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml1/DTD/xhtml1-transitional.dtd"
If you are having trouble reading this email,
please view the web version .
Further Travel Restrictions Are Called For
As two nurses who treated the Dallas Ebola patient have now contracted the disease, it is clear that Ebola has a strong potential to spread and has to be taken more seriously. As Chairman of the Energy and Commerce Health Subcommittee, Ive been speaking regularly with CDC Director Frieden. In a phone call on Tuesday, I asked him about strengthening travel restrictions. We need more assurance that people coming from Ebola-affected countries arent carriers of the disease. Temperature checks dont seem to be enough to guarantee a clean bill of health considering the disease has a long incubation period. Only sufficient time in isolation or quarantine can show whether someone is sick. I also spoke this week with the leaders of our area hospitals to make sure they are getting the support they need from government health departments. Anyone who works in the health industry should inform themselves about diagnosing and treating Ebola. Information is available at the CDC
website .
Discussing 21st Century Cures With Patient Advocates
This week, I spoke about the Energy and Commerce Committees 21st Century Cures initiative at the Bio Patient and Health Advocacy Summit, a meeting bringing together health organizations and biotechnology firms. These groups and companies are on the cutting edge of medical research. Our bipartisan initiative is hoping to support their good work and reduce barriers to new therapies. For the past few months weve been listening and exploring, but now we are working on legislative proposals that Congress can work on next year. Youll be hearing much more in the coming months. To read my complete remarks,
CLICK HERE .
Hearing from Farmers About How New Rules Will Affect Our Local Businesses
Earlier this week, I spoke with many of our local farmers at the Leola Produce Auction about new rules being proposed for produce growers and distributors. The Food Safety and Modernization Act was passed by the lame duck Democratic Congress in 2010. After years of work and multiple rewrites, the regulations based on this law are in the public comment stage. I know many farmers are concerned about how the rules will affect their business. I want to make sure their voice is heard and that we have sensible policies that keep food safe and allow small farms to continue working.
Government Report Demonstrates Yucca Mountain Safe for Nuclear Storage
Decades ago, Congress designated Yucca Mountain in Nevada as the site to store nuclear waste. After billions of dollars had already been spent and after the government signed legal contracts, Barack Obama and Harry Reid worked to shut down the project and stop environmental analysis that was already paid for. Obama even appointed one of Reids staff to the Federal Energy Regulatory Commission. However, courts ruled that Congressionally mandated work to determine Yuccas suitability had to continue. This week, the report finally came out affirming that the site meets the criteria for waste storage. The Obama administration has been particularly reckless on behalf of Harry Reid, as the government is financially liable right now for failing to provide waste storage. It is long past time that we complete and open the repository.
Op-ed of the Week: The Costs of Obamacare
The Affordable Care Act has sparked a flurry of lawsuits: the suit over the individual mandate that went to the Supreme Court, the Hobby Lobby and Conestoga Wood suits, two suits over health plans for Congressmen and their staff, another suit about whether the legislation properly originated in the House of Representatives. But a recent suit has to be the most bizarre. A former administration official, who was once responsible for implementing the law, is suing for information about the cost of plans.
READ MORE
Facebook
Podcast
Tell Joe Your Opinion
Issues
The 16th District
Ask Joe For Help
The Government
Legislation
Press
About Joe Pitts
Photo Gallery
Please feel free to
forward this email to your friends and family .
Recent Videos
Stopping Illicit Steroids
Rep. Pitts discusses his bill to prevent designer anabolic steroids from being sold on the market as supplements.
Lancaster Elks Lodge Celebrates 125 Years
Rep. Pitts honors the Lancaster Elks Lodge on their 125th anniversary.
Washington, D.C. Office
420 Cannon House Office Building
Washington, DC 20515
(1st Street and Independence Avenue)
202-225-2411
202-225-2013 (fax)
Chester County Office
Post Office Box 837
Unionville, PA 19375
(Routes 82 and 926)
610-444-4581
610-444-5750 (fax)
Lancaster Office
150 North Queen Street
Suite 716 (7th floor)
Lancaster, PA 17603
717-393-0667
717-393-0924 (fax)
Click Here Click Here