
A New Start For Vets
It was great to be on Hawk Hill Wednesday morning and I was honored to join Father Kevin Gillespie and other campus leaders at
Saint Joseph's University
to announce a new program the university is sponsoring to assist disabled veterans.
The Veterans Entrepreneurship Jumpstart is a one-year program to help provide disabled veterans with the skills they will need to start their own business. The program is free to veterans and includes online instruction, nine days of classes on campus, guest lectures, workshops, and hands-on instruction on how to become an entrepreneur.
Check out coverage from my visit right
here .
Tackling Poverty, Homelessness, and Crime
I visited with community leaders and elected officials in Erie Tuesday to discuss how we can tackle poverty, homelessness, and crime. It is incredibly helpful to listen to the people on the front lines who are battling these important concerns. We must figure out how to help people lift themselves out of poverty.
My thanks go to Pastor Rick Crocker and the Erie City Mission for hosting a great and informative forum.
You can learn more about my visit
here .
Habitat For Humanity
On Wednesday, I visited a
Habitat for Humanity
construction site in the Point Breeze neighborhood of Philadelphia.
Habitat for Humanity has built 175 homes for deserving families in Philadelphia who get a no-interest loan in exchange for 350 hours of community service. It was great meeting the volunteers who contribute so much to our community. Thank you for hosting me!
Working For Pennsylvanians
Last week, I sat down with David Taylor, executive director of the
Pennsylvania Manufacturers Association . We taped the next installation of the organization's public affairs show
PMA Perspective.
We discussed a number of issues that affect manufacturers in our state including energy prices, burdensome regulation coming out of Washington, and Obamacare. My interview with David will air on the
Pennsylvania Cable Network
(PCN) on Sunday, October 26 at 5:30 PM.
Speaking To Our Students
While in Pittsburgh on Thursday, I visited students from the Masters in Public Policy &amp; Management program at
Carnegie Mellon University 's
Heinz College . They are the next generation of our leaders, and it was a privilege to be able to speak to them about what I am working on and what I hope to accomplish in the coming months - in particular, balancing the federal budget, sensibly reforming our broken tax code, and creating more good jobs.
Thank you to the students and faculty for inviting me! I enjoyed taking your questions and having a discussion on a range of issues.
ALLENTOWN, PA
PH: (610) 434-1444
ERIE, PA
PH: (814) 453-3010
HARRISBURG, PA
PH: (717) 782-3951
JOHNSTOWN, PA
PH: (814) 266-5970
PHILADELPHIA, PA
PH: (215) 241-1090
PITTSBURGH, PA
PH: (412) 803-3501
SCRANTON, PA
PH: (570) 941-3540
WASHINGTON, D.C.
PH: (202) 224-4254
UNSUBSCRIBE
