
Having trouble reading this email?
Click here
to view in your browser.
Obamacare in Year Two
I was disappointedbut not surprisedto learn that the Obama administration has delayed the release of Obamacare premiums for 2015 until after the election. Since the laws passage, the Administration has insisted that consumers will benefit from this law by having access to more affordable health insurance and lower premiums. If thats the case, they should be eager to share the news, but instead this delay seems to be a strong indication that premiums and out-of-pocket costs will continue increasing dramatically, while more people could be at risk of their policy being canceled.
Data from the Health Research Institute estimates that rates will rise nearly 14 percent on average in Tennessee, with some premiums rising as much as 19 percent. As Ive traveled through the First District, Ive talked with many Tennesseans who are struggling to simply make ends meet. They need the ability to buy insurance that meets their familys needs and budget, but under Obamacare they can only get a one-size-fits-all policy. To make matters worse, 60,000 Tennesseans were at risk of losing their existing insurance plans before the administration announced they could keep their plans last year. It remains to be seen if they will be permitted to keep their plans through 2015.
House Republicans have long believed problems like this were inevitable because the Affordable Care Act mainly focused on expanding access with little regard to cost, but instead of acknowledging the shortcomings of his plan, the president claims he had to act because no one had any other ideas to reform health care. When the president says Republicans have no plan for health care reform, hes wrong. I have introduced H.R. 3121, the American Health Care Reform Act, as a commonsense, market-based replacement to Obamacare that has the support of more than half the Republican conference. There is no shortage of Republican ideas to expand access to health care, lower the cost of care and protect people who are sick.
Theres no such thing as a Republican cancer or a Democrat heart attack
there are just people problems. Thats why for meaningful and effective health care reform to take shape, we have to work across the aisle
something President Obama and Democrats in Congress failed to do when passing this train wreck. Health care is an issue too personal and too important to get wrong again. I believe that, if we worked together, we could find a bipartisan path to health care reform.
The health care system in this country was broken before Obamacare, and it still is. We need real health care reform because Obamacare isnt working, and the sooner the President and Democrats in Congress acknowledge this fact, the sooner we can work together on actually solving the problem. And as long as I hear from Tennesseans who are struggling because of this law, I will continue to fight against it. There is an answer to our countrys health care problems, but Obamacare isnt it.
Feel free to contact my office if we can be of assistance to you or your family. Our contact information can be found on our website,
www.roe.house.gov .
CONNECT WITH US
E-News Sign-up
Forward to a Friend
Contact Phil
Washington, DC Office
407 Cannon House Office Bldg
Washington, DC 20515
Phone: (202) 225-6356
Fax: (202) 225-5714
Kingsport Office
PO Box 1728
Kingsport, TN 37662
Phone: (423) 247-8161
Fax: (423) 247-0119
Morristown Office
1609 College Park Drive, Suite 4
Morristown, TN 37813
Phone: (423) 254-1400
Fax: (423) 254-1403
Click Here Click Here