
If you are having trouble
viewing this message or would like to share it on a social network, you
can
view the message
online .
HOME
CONTACT US
ISSUES
LEGISLATION
October 12, 2014
Dear
David,
I appreciated hearing from so many of you who shared your
thoughts on the ongoing fires in the North State. As towns such as Weed
and others continue to recover and rebuild, I would like to commend
and thank the men and women who are fighting these blazes on the
frontlines. In particular, I want to take a moment to recognize our fire
wildland firefighters who, despite putting their lives on the line daily,
are still classified as forestry technicians under a severely
outdated government policy. At this very moment, there are thousands of
wildland firefighters in the North State spending weeks full of
eighteen-hour days on fire lines in our National Forests. They have some of the
toughest jobs around, traveling long distances to work in dangerous
and difficult conditions in remote areas. If they arent firefighters, I
don't know who is. To ensure these brave men and women receive the
recognition they deserve, I introduced
H.R. 5677,
a
bill that would simply align the position titles of federal
firefighting personnel at the U.S. Forest Service and Bureau of Land Management
to reflect the work these courageous men and women do all year long:
fight fires.
Below, I've included a couple updates as well
as a highlights my recent activities in our district. If you have not
done so already, please take a moment to complete my survey at the
bottom of the page to share your thoughts on how these wild fires are
impacting you and your loved ones. As always, please feel free to contact
my office with any questions or concerns you may
have.
Sincerely,
Dedicated to Finding a Cure
October is
Breast Cancer Awareness Month, a time to honor Breast Cancer survivors
and victims as well as a reminder that we must continue working to
find a cure. Earlier this week, I was honored to attend the 17th Annual
Soroptimist International Breast Cancer Awareness Luncheon in Redding,
CA. It was heart-warming to see such a great turnout of women from the
community rally around each other to raise awareness and support for
the Mammogram Fund, a program designed to provide breast cancer
screenings for needy men and women who do not have insurance. Since October
2003, Soroptimist has given 628 certificates for
mammograms.
I am proud to partner with these wonderful organizations in taking an
aggressive stance to end breast cancer. Earlier this Congress, I
cosponsored
H.R. 1830 , the Accelerating the End of
Breast Cancer Act of 2013. This measure seeks to help find a cure to
breast cancer by 2020 through collaboration between government and the
private sector. I was so thankful to have the opportunity to visit with
those who would directly benefit from this measure and to experience
how members of our community are helping each other. If you would like
to get involved in helping to find a cure,
check out
the local chapter in Redding, CA .
Supporting New
Opportunities for Local Students
Simpson University in
Redding recently celebrated the addition of a new four-year Bachelor
of Science in Nursing (BSN) degree, which will allow local students
interested in nursing to have access to the tools and resources
necessary to have a positive impact in the healthcare field. I was honored to
offer my support in the recent months as well as at the dedication of
their new 30,000 square-foot Science and Nursing Building.
Access to quality medical care
is crucial, especially in rural areas such as the North State, and I am
pleased to join with Simpson University as it expands. This addition
will not only provide fantastic educational opportunities on campus,
but will also facilitate significant advances for students pursuing
careers in the medical field.
District Events
Rep.
LaMalfa joined by members of the National Guard at California State
Park's Visitor Appreciation Day in
Oroville.
Rep. LaMalfa at the Shasta Forestry
Challenge, an annual event to facilitate collaboration between
foresters, policy makers, and researchers on reforestation in the aftermath
of destructive
wildfires.
Rep. LaMalfa at the Annual Rough and Ready Chili Cook-off
in Rough and Ready.
Boles Fire
Disaster Assistance
The U.S. Small Business
Administration (SBA) recently announced disaster assistance will be available
to California residents and businesses affected by the Boles Fire. To
learn more about the loan program or if you have questions about the
application process, SBA Representatives will be on hand from 9:00am-
6:00pm at the Disaster Loan Outreach Center in Weed, located at the
College of the Siskiyous, 800 College Avenue, Life Science Building 3,
Room LS-1. For more information, visit
http://www.sba.gov/disaster.
Share Your
Thoughts
As another wildfire--the Applegate wildfire in
Placer County--rages in our district, we are aware that the North State
is in desperate need of common sense, balanced forest management
policies. As I continue to urge Congress and this administration to
implement responsible solutions so we can work to prevent these fires before
they start, I want to hear your thoughts. Please take a moment to
share your input and concerns below.
Have you, or anyone close to you, been impacted by the wildfires in
the North State? Yes No If yes, please
share how these fires have affected you. What do you
believe to be the cause of the wildfires in California? Irresponsible management of
public forests. Dry conditions caused by drought.
High temperatures this summer. Climate change. Other. What action(s) do you think Congress
should take? Streamline regulations so that forests can be properly
managed. Increase funding for the
U.S. Forest Services firefighting efforts.
Allow federal emergency funding to be
used to fight severe fires instead of borrowing from other forest
management programs.
Nothing. What do you think should be done in forested areas burned by
fires? Salvage logging of
usable wood and replanting of trees. Leave dead trees and debris in place.
Need More
Information. Do
you have any additional thoughts? *By answering this survey, you are subscribing to my newsletter. If you are having trouble, click here.
Wasteful Government Spending Item of the
Week
Pheromone Study of Valley Elderberry
Longhorn Beetle
Cost
$200,000
Department
Interior
Summary
Taxpayer-funded grant to develop pheromone study
identifying and detecting the valley elderberry longhorn beetle (VELB),
which has been on the Endangered Species List for 30 years despite
FWS statements that it has
recovered.
Reason for
Funding
Improves detection probability and helps distinguish VELB from other
California
beetles.
Source
Fish and Wildlife
Service
E-mail
Updates
Yes, please periodically send me e-mail
updates.*
*By subscribing to my
e-mail updates, you are authorizing me to send regular e-mail
updates from my office to your e-mail account.
Share on
Facebook
Tell a Friend
E-mail:
Washington D.C.
Office
506 Cannon HOB
Washington, DC 20515
Phone: 202-225-3076
Fax: (202) 226-0552
Oroville District Office
1453 Downer
Street,Suite A
Oroville, CA 95965
Phone: (530) 534-7100
Fax:
(530) 534-7800
Redding District Office
2885 Churn Creek Rd.,
Suite C
Redding, CA
96002
Phone: (530) 223-5898
Fax: (530) 605-4339
Auburn District
Office
13626 New
Airport Rd.,
Ste 106
Auburn, CA 95602
Phone: (530)
878-5035
Fax: (530) 878-5037
Unsubscribe
|
Update My Profile
|
Privacy Policy
gateway mail end 