
If you are having trouble viewing
this message or would like to share it on a social network, you can
view the message
online .
Stay Connected:
Meet Adam
Issues &amp; Legislation
News &amp; Media
16th
District
How Can I Help You?
Contact Adam
October 08, 2014
Congressman Kinzinger: My Trip to the Middle East
As a veteran
of Iraq and Afghanistan, Ive witnessed firsthand the death and
destruction that has plagued millions at the hands of terrorists in the
Middle East. Since my last overseas deployment in the Air Force, the names
of the terrorists have changed, but the tragedy and human loss remains
the same. In addition to al Qaeda, we now have Bashar al Assad
murdering 200,000 innocent people, which has paved the way for the terrorist
group known as ISIS to take over large parts of Syria and
Iraq.
As a member of Congress, I simply cannot stand by and watch
these evil people take over. Last year, I was adamant that President Obama
enforce his red line after Assad used chemical weapons on hundreds
of civilians. In January, I called for airstrikes against ISIS after
they captured the town of Fallujah, just miles from Baghdad. As events
in the region continue to spiral out of control, I knew I needed to
see the devastation for myself. Last week, I packed my bags and headed
to the Middle East as part of my duties with the House Foreign Affairs
Committee.
Number one on the agenda: meet with the Free
Syrian Army, who are the boots-on-the-ground fighting Assad and ISIS. It
would have been too dangerous to meet with them in Syria, so I met
with them in Antakya, Turkey to hear directly from them about what is
happening on the ground. I needed to speak with the rebels myself to see
just how committed they are to fighting ISIS and protecting ethnic and
religious minorities, including Christians.
In these meetings, I was honored to facilitate negotiations
between the Free Syrian Army and the Christian Syriac Military Council.
These two groups have been fighting ISIS independently, and now, theyre
united as both Muslims and Christians against this terrorist group
masquerading as a religious cause. Unfortunately, though they have come
together, the groups still lack the resources that ISIS has. Thats
where US comes in- they need our help to destroy ISIS.
I had the
chance to talk about my meetings with Syrian rebel leaders on
CNN .
The next day we had
meetings with the Syria Transition Assistance Response Team and the
Syrian Opposition Coalition, two groups that are working towards a free,
democratic, secular government- everything the Assad regime is not.
These groups are also working to help victims of Assads
brutality.
Here I am meeting with a
US-backed Syrian
opposition
radio station run by a
23-year-old woman.
On Saturday, we headed into the
northern part of Iraq to the city of Erbil. This part of the country is
ruled by the Kurdistan Regional Government, and the Kurds are another
key ally in the fight against ISIS. Their army, called the peshmerga,
has been helping American efforts in Iraq for years. They know the
region better than anyone, and meeting with their leaders confirmed what
Ive known for a while now: the Kurds are our friends, and we need their
help.
We had a great
meeting with Kurdish Foreign Minister Falah Mustafa Bakir.
The Kurdish leaders brought us to a United Nations refugee camp
outside Erbil. We keep hearing on the news about the terrible things
that ISIS and the Assad regime are doing. In reality, the situation is
worse than I had ever imagined. These innocent people have gone from
living peacefully in Syria and Iraq to living in tents in a refugee
camp. And they are the lucky ones. I met a 13-year-old girl taking care
of her disabled 5-year-old brother because both of their parents were
killed by ISIS. At the end of the day, these are the people we must
fight for- the innocent civilians being brutally and unfairly attacked.
We must fight for them and so that this brutality never reaches our
own soil. We must rid the world not only of terrorism, but of the
humanitarian crisis crippling the region.
These innocent children are living in shambles because of
ISIS.
After the haunting trip to the refugee camp, I had
the chance to visit with US troops stationed in Iraq. Ive been
calling for airstrikes for months, and the United States military is now on
the offensive. Right now, airstrikes are our best option in the fight
against ISIS.
While many folks are understandably
hesitant to get involved in the Middle East again, after seeing the
situation on the ground in person, Im more convinced than ever that we
are doing the right thing. We need to continue our airstrikes and expand
them to push back ISIS. We must support vetted rebel groups on the
ground. And after witnessing the humanitarian crisis there, Ive called
for a no-fly zone over Syria.
We all wish the world were a
better place and it wasnt necessary for us to fight again. But there
is no other country on earth that can stand up to the evil we are
facing. If we dont do it, nobody will. And that means the bad guys win.
Americans have never accepted that outcome, and we arent about to
start now.
News
You Can Use
Rockford Register Star:
New force could defeat ISIS,
Syrian President Bashar
al-Assad
WTVO:
Rep. Kinzinger Heads
to War Zone to Negotiate Alliances Against
ISIS
WJEZ:
Adam Kinzinger Calls
for No-Fly Zone Over
Syria
CNN:
Rep. Kinzinger
Discusses Deal Brokered with Syrian Rebels
Washington D.C. Office
1221 Longworth
HOB
Washington, DC 20515
Phone: (202) 2253635
Fax: (202) 2253521
Ottawa District
Office
628 Columbus Street, Ste. 507
Ottawa, IL 61350
Phone:
(815) 4319271
Fax: (815)
4319383
Unsubscribe
|
Update My
Profile
|
Privacy
Policy
gateway mail end
