
October 10, 2014
Dear Friends,
One of the saddest things I&rsquo;ve had a student tell me was that the worst mistake she ever made was to go to college. We have created a system that leaves college graduates with an average of $29,400 in debt. It hurts their ability to start an independent life and our nation&rsquo;s ability to stay competitive in a global market. Education is the foundation of our future and a pillar of the American Dream. Unfortunately, the dream is turning into a survival challenge for many students.
This week I met with students at San Francisco State University to hear first-hand how student loan debt is impacting them. Nationally, student debt now tops $1.2 trillion, more than credit card and car debt combined. Students at San Francisco State University fare better with an average student loan debt at graduation of just under $20,500, but that is still a huge number.
What I heard in the meeting was shocking. Some of our college students are homeless, living in tents or cars. Some of them are on food stamps. Most of them work two or more jobs while being full-time students. Most of them take out student loans not to pay for their tuition, but to pay for rent, transportation, books and food.
This is unacceptable. We have to make college affordable to the bright young men and women who are the face of America&rsquo;s future. For starters, we must pass H.R. 1979, the House companion bill of Massachusetts Senator Elizabeth Warren&rsquo;s Student Loan Interest Deduction Fairness Act, which would allow eligible borrowers to refinance their student loans. I&rsquo;m proud to be a cosponsor of this bill.
One group of students that avoids having to take out expensive student loans are candidates who are accepted into our military service academies. Earlier this week I hosted my annual military academy night. It is one of my great privileges to nominate young men and women of character to the United States Air Force Academy, Military Academy, Naval Academy and Merchant Marine Academy, which rank in the top 20 liberal arts colleges year after year.
These students receive a top quality education free of tuition.
In addition to learning about the application process, high school students, teachers and parents attending this year&rsquo;s academy night witnessed history and heard directly from a veteran. John Orofino was awarded nine medals for his service during World War II, including a Silver Star and a Purple Heart - only he never received eight of those medals. My office was able to obtain the medals for him and I had the tremendous honor of pinning them onto Mr. Orofino that night. He spoke with great eloquence about joining the military. He pointed out that it requires deep commitment to our country to join the armed forces and face an enemy. It was an evening no one in the room will ever forget.
Every student deserves the opportunity to attain a college education. It is one of our most important missions to fix our nation's education system and restore this part of the American Dream.
All the best,
Unsubscribe
Washington D.C. Office
211 Cannon House Office Building
Washington, DC 20515
Phone: (202) 225-3531
Fax: (202) 226-4183
San Mateo Office
155 Bovet Road, Suite 780
San Mateo, CA 94402
Phone: (650) 342-0300
Fax: (650) 375-8270
Click Here
to be removed from this list
