 Mail begin
If you are
having trouble viewing this message or would like to share it on a
social network, you can
view
the message online .
HOME
HOW CAN DAVID HELP?
ISSUES
NEWSROOM
LEGISLATION
ABOUT DAVID
CONTACT
DAVID
Monkeys Have
No Tails in Zamboanga
(And No One
Complained?)
An Interview with Bernie Falchook
By Nima Sadeghi
&amp; Barbara Hatch
Though the United States had entered the
World War II conflict three years prior in 1941, it was just
beginning for eighteen-year-old Bernie Falchook.
The native New Yorker
was drafted on December 6, 1944, and put into the Army after failing
the color-blind test required for the Navy, which was the branch of
service that he would have preferred.
Bernie stepped on the line,
swore allegiance to the United States, and was handed 50 for a
meal.
With a ticket to Fort Dix and a final dinner with his dad before
he set off, Falchooks civilian life was brought to an end and his
service life began.
The first stop on his road to service
was Fort Dix, New Jersey, where he received his shots, got his
uniform, and was stripped of any civilian clothing before heading to Camp
Blanding, Florida.
This was Bernies first time leaving New York.
The fifteen subsequent weeks were really rough, but he saw it
as useful training and felt good about the lessons he learned from the
Army.
No one complained, or at least for the most part.
M-1 rifle training and working with land grenades was no problem, but
when it came to things that could be lethal, Falchook chose to opt
out.
In one instance, he was actually forced by the Sergeant to
sleep with a rifle because he refused to jump off a wall while holding
his rifle and bayonet that could have pierced his jugular vein if he
were to have fallen while holding it.
Instead he threw the rifle
down first and then jumped!
When he got tonsillitis, they gave
him two aspirins.
At the end of his training, he could proudly
claim, Im a soldier.
Though a stolen wallet required his
father to front him funds for his two-week furlough, a much stronger
young man boarded the troop train at Penn Station for the journey
west.
After boarding the train in Chicago, Bernie had KP duty during
the four-day journey to San Francisco and on to Fort Ord, California,
where he received three additional days of survival
training.
Before
boarding
The
General
CG
Morton
to the Philippines, Bernie spent the 50
in his pocket for a meal in Chinatown and a cot in the Pepsi Cola
Center.
He spent time before departure watching employees at the
Cow Palace arrange flowers for the newly created United Nations.
His part of the war was yet to
begin.
The
General
CG
Morton , Falchooks
transportation to another life, was built in Richmond, California, one of the
Kaiser Company ships assembled for the war effort.
It took 31
days to get to the Philippines.
He received a diploma when he
crossed the Equator but not the regular initiation.
On the way
there they made a stop in Hollandia, New Guinea, only recently taken from
the Japanese.
Life on the seas was simple enough; they washed
their clothes by tying a rope around the trouser leg and dragging them
in the ocean, then dried them with the ships blower.
With metal
on deck too hot to touch and, thus, bunk accommodations below deck
unbearable, men slept on deck under their ponchos.
Yet, no one
complained.
In the Philippines, Bernie was sent to the
4 th
Replacement Depot in Leyte, Tacloban, not so
affectionately dubbed the Repo Depot by the men required to fill in for
the soldiers who died in combat.
But disaster struck when the
rookie recruitFalchook awoke to screaming from the other tents.
The Japanese had infiltrated to get food and had stabbed the
occupants.
This was the first sign that the Japanese, though bloodied,
were far from defeated.
Despite the devastation, it was here
that Falchooks brilliance was noted by his commanders because of his
extraordinary scores on the mechanical aptitude tests and high
IQ.
Because of his particular set of skills, he was sent to Zamboanga
in Southern Mindanao on an LCI (Landing Craft Infantry vessel) to
become a radio operator.
After radio school his superiors placed him
with a communications company in the 41 st
Signal
Corps, a part of the 205 th
Field Artillery
41 st
Division.
Falchook quickly learned to send five-letter
transcripts that were codes for sentences, and remembered five sentences
back to the transcripts.
He had no idea what messages were being
sent to either end; he merely sent the codes he received to the
decoder, passing the messages through a plywood wall to the Signal Corps
decoder.
Months later, the words atomic bomb came up on the
radio, but Falchook had no idea what this bomb was, and certainly no idea
what it was capable of doing.
He worked nights for three to four
months with nothing but C rations as food, which brought his weight
down to 126 pounds, but no one in the Signal Company complained, not
even Bernie.
They were happy to have a piece of
bread.
Although life in Zamboanga in the tropical heat, living in a tent
under a mosquito net to avoid getting malaria, was miserable most of
the time, it did occasionally have its pleasant side.
The
Portuguese explorer Magellan had discovered the Philippine Islands in his
effort to find a sea route to the rich spice islands of Indonesia.
The scenery there was beautiful with its gorgeous sandy beaches, and a
time or two he enjoyed swimming there.
Also, Kay Kyser and Ish
Kabibble, a comedian and cornet player who was part of the Kay Kyser
Ensemble, entertained the troops with their USO show.
When an
African American soldier sitting next to him politely offered to move due
to segregation in the military at the time, Bernie recognized the
Brooklyn accent and stayed put next to the soldier, because he was not
brought up with prejudice.
The soldier told Bernie that his
superiors might not like the fact that they were sitting together, but Bernie
stood by the principles that he believed in and stayed put.
Work hours in Zamboanga were long and not as pleasant, all for a rousing
$28 a month$66 for overseas duty.
Most of the men in the
company turned yellow, which was a reaction from the Atabrine tablets chewed
to control malaria.
The taste was so horrible Falchook never
again ate sugar or drank milk for the duration of his deployment,
because he had tried with no avail to get rid of the foul taste with both,
and they were a constant reminder of the Atabrine!
He did admire
the Filipino people, who became friends with the American
soldiers.
Falchook shared rations with his butt boy, who cleaned up
cigarette butts in the camp, and whose mother washed Falchooks
fatigues.
One could get a haircut for 5, but the bare-breasted women
praying outdoors while holding their young could still be a shock for a
young GI.
Prior to leaving the Philippines, Bernie Falchook and his
fellow soldiers were used as manual laborers as they carried 50-75
pound burlap bags of creosote over their shoulders along the beaches to
the landing crafts.
This burned the skin on his body and was
quite painful.
The creosote would later be used to coat railroad
ties in Japan.
The highlight of Bernies tour came in
Japan.
He was part of the occupation forces following the end of the
war.
He remained there for one year.
However, the journey had
a rough beginning. The armys welcome was a typhoon that pulled the
bouncing ships out to sea near Okinawa.
The men were required
to split 50/50 on both sides of the ship to keep from capsizing, though
the ship did tilt to almost 45 at one point.
The Kaiser ships
were built to withstand the heavy seas.
Even with this, Falchook
was never seasick.
Nevertheless, climbing down the cargo net to
reach shore, loaded with a rifle, a heavy pack, and a sidearm made
arrival less than a relief.
Had he fallen, it would have been
Bye-Bye, Charlie if crushed between ships.
Americans took
over the one-man kamikaze submarine base at Kure Naval Base.
The
men marched to the Japanese barracks there to sleep.
Because of
lead teams and consulates, they already knew where to go.
In the
barracks they burned all of the straw mattresses used by the Japanese
soldiers to avoid infection and disease. We were a very clean
army.
Later, when Bernies 41 st
Division was
deactivated, he was put into the Quarter Master Trucking Outfit.
He was
given many assignments during his time in this unit.
In Kyoto, he
slept at Emperor Hirohitos race track by night and directed the
building of the barracks by day, along with a gymnasium because of his
mechanical skills.
On one trip from Kyoto to Osaka, he slept on a
cot in the subway station.
Driving meant trips, for instance, to
the Canada Dry Bottling Plant that was operational before the war and
located in the mountains.
He was responsible for bringing back
sodas, furniture, and silk for the officers.
Because the bridge on
his route looked unstable, he told the Japanese to walk in front of
the truck as they crossed to make sure it would not collapse.
One
night when he and another GI were driving their 6-by-6 truck without
power steering, they skidded along the road and knocked down a horse
trough, along with the wall of a house where a man was in bed with his
wife!
Needless to say, the companys carpenters showed up the
next day to rebuild the wall.
Falchook got the full expanse
of Japan during his occupation, visiting everything from the bombed
cities of Hiroshima and Nagasaki to the shrine city of Kyoto.
In
Hiroshima, Bernie couldnt get over the site I saw.
The
destruction left by the atomic bomb stays with him to this daythe city was
flattened, buildings completely demolished, shadows burned onto the
ground.
Vegetation was just beginning to grow back a month later,
leaving a profound mark on this young soldier.
He never thought
much about what the effects of the radiation might have on him.
One building that he saw, however, stood out to him despite its overall
collapse.
The German Consulate Building still had floors, walls,
and stairs intact; miraculously, on the fourth floor stood a Steinway
Piano.
Bernie climbed to the fourth floor of the building and
played the piano that somehow survived the wrath of the atomic
bomb.
Nagasaki was no different.
The sites of terror were just as
indescribable as Hiroshima and the damage just as devastating.
The bomb at Nagasaki hit the side of a mountain and bounced around,
completely demolishing the city.
Kyoto, a cultural rather than
industrial city, was spared.
But this period of
occupation was replaced very quickly at the end of the war.
Falchook
returned to a regular routine of ties, uniforms, pressed clothes, and
shined boots.
The Japanese constitution, according to Falchook, was
rewritten by General MacArthurs team, along with a Jewish woman,
Beate Sirota, who was fluent in Japanese; she was born in Vienna and
educated in Tokyo before moving to the United States.
She was part of
the committee that drafted the section on men and womens rights in
Japan.
It is still intact today.
Though the
Japanese soldiers under him were no longer hostile, Falchook does recall a
time when he had to hit one of the former soldiers when he disobeyed
an order.
Also the Americans sometimes called them Japs.
Still, he respected their discipline and patience and even attended a
Kabuki Dance Show.
At the show, he was escorted to his seat,
and lo and behold there was a Japanese child occupying it.
The
Japanese security told the child to get out, but Bernie told him it was
okay to stay and gladly shared his seat as well as his Army Ration
Bar.
The American soldiers lived among their hosts and learned their
traditions, for the most part peacefully, but he always carried his
rifle and his sidearm because you never knew what could happen.
Falchook even had the honor of seeing Eisenhower on a couple of
occasions, where the men were ordered to formation as the 5 Star General
passed by and inspected the troops.
On another instance, the
soldiers lined up for inspection by the esteemed war leader outside the
subway station in Osaka, Japan, which they were using as a
dormitory.
Bernie slept in the subway station the night before on army cots
with the other troops in anticipation of Eisenhowers arrival the next
day.
After the Peace Treaty in the Pacific was signed in
the middle of August 1945, they began sending the American troops back
home near the end of that year.
Married soldiers and those with
seniority were returned home first.
At the end of October 1946,
Falchook left Nagoya, Japan, on a troop transport ship with other
soldiers headed back to the United States. His return voyage took
approximately two weeks to reach Seattle, Washington.
From there, he
traveled by train to Fort Dix, New Jersey.
He was then discharged
from the Army at the end of November.
His life had totally
changed, and he had changed, in the time spent in the war.
He was no
longer that nave eighteen year old, but a young man who had seen and
experienced the devastation of war.
Back home once again,
Falchook encountered the same difficulties that our soldiers of today
have experienced in finding work.
He had various jobs as he
struggled to find his way.
Then, Bernie met the love of his life,
Florence Zinderman, who became his wife and life partner.
Florence
had been very active during the war as a young girl selling War Bonds
and War Stamps to help support the military.
In an effort to
better himself, Bernie attended Brooklyn College, while driving a cab in
his off-hours to put himself through school.
He recalls picking up
Jean MacArthur, the Generals wife, at the Waldorf Astoria and Edward
R. Murrow, the famed war broadcaster who had announced reports from
London during the
Blitzkrieg .
Once while taking a
passenger from Idlewild Airport to the city one day, he hit a young
girl who suddenly darted out in front of his cab.
Fortunately there
was not a scratch on her, but, nonetheless, Bernie believed it was
his duty to see her mother and be certain that the girl was okay.
Bernie had learned an enormous lesson in responsibility and in doing
the right thing.
He had been in a convoy in Japan during the war
when a fellow soldier had run down three Japanese children and their
teacher, which forever remained in his mind.
Falchook was a
witness and testified at the court-martial.
They had all darted in
front of the truck in a similar way, so this accident brought back many
memories.
Through the years following, Bernie persevered
just as he had during his military service and went on to become a
successful businessman.
Bernie Falchooks philosophy is that God
helps those who help themselves.
He also stressed the importance
of knowing that, The knowledge of what an atomic bomb can do is beyond
belief, and unless you have seen the devastation first hand, you
cannot begin to imagine the horror. He could not put into words what he
saw with his own two eyes.
The story told by Bernie Falchook
adds to my outlook on the war.
He shows that war is not always
about violence, battles, or the devastation caused but can also be
about the new outlook it gives on life.
Instead of looking at the
difficulties of service as a burden, Bernie looked to it as a good
disciplinary lesson to be learned.
The war took him to extraordinary
places where he learned many lessons and took advantage of the
opportunities placed before him.
Although it was difficult, In those
days, you did what you had to do.
And why would
Bernie have chosen the Navy?
Because I liked the
sea!
Nima Sadeghi and Barbara Hatch collaborated on this story for our
9th volume of
Since You Asked.
Nima graduated in May
of 2014 and is now in his first year of college.
His family came
to the United States from Iran and he and Mrs. Hatch could even speak
a little Persian from her year teaching there in
1975-76.
Scottsdale District
Office
10603 North Hayden Rd., Ste.
108
Scottsdale, AZ 85260
Phone: (480) 946-2411
Fax: (480)
946-2446
Washington D.C.
Office
1205 Longworth HOB
Washington, DC 20515
Phone:
(202) 225-2190
Fax: (202)
225-0096
Unsubscribe
|
Update My Profile
|
Privacy Policy
gateway mail end 