
District Update | October 20, 2014
Click here
if you have trouble viewing this email
Medical care comes closer to home for Pacific County veterans
Last Tuesday was a great day.
I arrived on a sunny Tuesday morning in Raymond to see the VAs Mobile Medical Unit open its doors for the first time in our region. After a lot of work alongside local veteran advocates, the VA is finally making this resource available down here in Southwest Washington.
The veterans Ive spoken with were relieved to be able to avoid the 100+ mile trip for flu shots and other basic services. Now that the mobile medical unit will be here on a quarterly basis, I hope that more of our rural veterans will access this convenient resource.
Click here for more information about last weeks visit.
Its my job to ensure the men and women who serve our country receive the benefits they were promised and deserve.
Help me honor veterans in Southwest Washington
Last year, I asked for photos and stories from Southwest Washington veterans and military service members. It was my honor to display the stories of these courageous men and women on my website for Veterans Day. The stories received such a positive and emotional response that we kept them up for the whole year.
Click here to check out last year's Veteran Album.
Now, once again Veterans Day is just around the corner and I am asking for your help to recognize and honor our local heroes.
Did you serve in the military, or do you know a Southwest Washington resident who did?
I invite folks to send me photos and stories from their military service.
I will be highlighting as many veteran heroes as I can on my
Facebook
page and at
JHB.house.gov
throughout the month of November.
Sharing a few of the stories from the heroes who live in Southwest Washington is just one more way I hope to honor their sacrifices.
Send your stories and photos:
Email:
share.vet.stories@gmail.com
Mail: O.O Howard House
750 Anderson St. Ste, B
Vancouver, WA 98661
Please be sure to include a short description of branch, title, and assignment for photos. Also, please make sure you have permission to share photos and stories before sending.
TOP NEWS
CHRONICLE:
Flood Control Projects in Bucoda, Centralia Receive Priority in Flood Authority Request
READ MORE HERE
LONGVIEW DAILY NEWS : Herrera Beutler staff sets Kelso schedule
READ MORE HERE
LONGVIEW DAILY NEWS : Corps of Engineers wraps up Chinook dredging; Ilwaco up next
READ MORE HERE
Happy 80th Anniversary to Pacific Northwest Waterways Association
Last week Pacific Northwest Waterways Association celebrated its 80th anniversary at its annual convention in Vancouver. Maintaining our waterways is critical to our economy here in Southwest Washington, and it was helpful to discuss our shared priorities.
Forward to a Friend
|
Share on Facebook
|
Share on Twitter
|
Permalink
Washington, DC Office
1130 Longworth HOB
Washington, DC 20515
Phone: (202) 225-3536
Fax: (202) 225-3478
Vancouver Office
O.O. Howard House (Officers' Row)
750 Anderson Street, Suite B
Vancouver, WA 98661
Phone: (360) 695-6292
Fax: (360) 695-6197
UPDATE SUBSCRIPTION OPTIONS
|
PRIVACY POLICY
|
CONTACT US
Click Here Click Here