
If you are having trouble viewing this message or would like to share
it on a social network, you can
view the message online .
October 11, 2014
Photo
of the Week:
I hosted a roundtable discussion Thursday in Research Triangle
Park on 21st Century Cures and Treatments, which featured federal and
local representatives from the healthcare industry. It was an excellent
way to discuss opportunities for accelerating the discovery,
development and delivery of new treatments and cures for prevalent diseases.
This event coincided with the
Energy
&amp; Commerce Committees bipartisan 21st Century Cures Initiative ,
and I'm so glad we could continue the discussion in North
Carolina .
As we continue to grapple with the
Ebola epidemic, it is important we do everything we can to protect
public health and keep our country safe. After speaking with officials at
RDU Airport, I have verified that most airport personnel remain
untrained and unequipped to handle this epidemic. After hearing this,
I wrote a letter
to the Director of
the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention (CDC) requesting that
the CDC and the Department of Health and Human Services (HHS) provide
updated screening guidelines for airport personnel. It is imperative
they are adequately prepared to recognize symptoms of this deadly virus.
To read my full statement regarding this letter,
click here .
Perhaps the most exciting event this week occured
Thursday, when I had the privilege of hosting a roundtable discussion in
Research Triangle Park on the ways to accelerate the development of new
treatments and cures in America. Rep. Michael Burgess (R-TX) joined
me for this discussion, as did participants from the CDC, Food and Drug
Administration (FDA), National Institutes of Health and Human
Services (NIH), and local representatives of the N.C. biopharmaceutical
industry. During this discussion, we touched on the need for vaccinations,
including the progress in developing an Ebola vaccination. It was
wonderful to speak with so many brilliant people and hear directly from
industry representatives on what can be done to expedite this process. I
hope youll check out some of the photos from this event below and on
my Flickr account
or
read this article
in the
Raleigh News &amp;
Observer .
This
week was another busy one, but it was great being able to make it to so
many different parts of the district. I hope you'll scroll down to see
more of where I was and what I did this week.
Please let me know if there is
anything I, or a member of my staff, can do for you. I have offices in
Asheboro, Dunn, and Washington, and we are only a phone call
away.
Visiting Biogen Idec:
I really enjoyed speaking with students
from Research Triangle High School at the opening of The Community Lab
at Biogen Idec over in RTP. This lab features a laboratory classroom
where Wake and Durham middle and high school students can engage with
science in an interactive setting.
Friend of Farm Bureau
Award:
I
enjoyed meeting with N.C. Farm Bureau President Larry Wooten yesterday
and was honored to receive the 2014 Friend of Farm Bureau
Award.
21st Century Cures and Treatments
Roundtable:
Here is a closer look at the layout of Thursday's
panel discussion. Included in the panelist line-up were representatives
from biopharmaceutical companies here in the Second District, including:
Pfizer, Novartis, GlaxoSmithKline, Arbovax, and
Merck.
Dr. Haynes (pictured in
the middle) serves as the Director at Duke Human Vaccine Institute.
Above he discusses the resources in North Carolina that are available
to expedite vaccine development and to promote new
jobs.
Washington, DC
426 Cannon
HOB
Washington, DC 20515
Phone: (202) 225-4531
Fax: (202)
225-5662
Dunn NC
406 W. Broad
Street
Dunn, NC 28334
Phone: (910) 230-1910
Fax: (910) 230-1940
Asheboro,
NC
222 Sunset Avenue, Suite 101
Asheboro, North Carolina
27203
Phone: (336) 626-3060
Fax: (336) 629-7819
Toll Free in NC:
1-877-645-8764
Unsubscribe
|
Update My Profile
|
Privacy Policy
gateway mail end 