
If
you are having trouble viewing this message or would like to share it
on a social network, you can
view the message online .
Home
Biography
News
Issues &amp; Legislation
Constituent Services
The District
Contact
Us
October 10, 2014
Murphy Keeps Pressure on
Administration, CDC
VA Fires Official Who Oversaw Legionnaires
Outbreak
Families Seek To Help Loved Ones Get Mental Health
Help
Expos
Reveals Mismanagement at Federal
Reserve
Murphy Keeps Pressure on Administration,
CDC
Responding to growing congressional pressure from
Oversight Chairman Tim Murphy, the Obama Administration is slowly revising
protocols on the US response to the Ebola virus outbreak. While the
Administration still refuses to discuss travel restrictions out of Ebola
hot zones as Murphy has been advocating, additional screenings,
including temperatures checks using no-touch thermometers, will now be
required for the roughly 150 travelers who come through the five major
U.S. airports
daily.
Chairman Murphy on Fox about Upcoming Ebola
hearing
The Administrations previous position of relying on passengers to
self-report their illnesses had come under increasing scrutiny. On
Tuesday, Rep. Murphy, who is leading the House review of the federal
response to the outbreak, told
CNNs Chris Cuomo
that travelers self-reporting at the airport has been a demonstrated
failure.
It reminds me of the old way they used to screen you at the
airport by saying, did anybody put a bomb in your luggage? said Murphy,
who has also questioned why the Administration has refused to consider
travel restrictions to protect the American
public.
If people are
fleeing a country where Ebola is present, they may be prone to lie about it
in order to get out of there. We have to know how we're going to
handle that. We have to make sure we have the best strategies in place to
protect the public health, Murphy told the
Pittsburgh
Tribune-Review .
The validity of the new screening
measures and why the Administration refuses to discuss travel restrictions to
protect the American public will be the topic of Chairman Murphys
oversight hearing this Thursday. Murphys concern about the
Administrations response was reported on in
Roll Call ,
Fox News ,
and
The Hill
( GOP rep: Airport temperature
checks not enough to stop
Ebola ) .
The Ebola virus
is spread through direct contact with the blood or bodily fluid of a
person has the virus and is showing
symptoms.
The chance of getting this, spreading
across 300 million Americans, is certainly very small. But the American
public wants to know why we are taking any risk at all, said Murphy, who
noted that both British Airways and Air France have instituted flight
restrictions to the affected
countries.
You can watch Chairman Murphys
hearing,
Examining the U.S. Public Health Response
to the Ebola Outbreak , here live on Thursday at
noon.
To share
your thoughts on the Administrations response to Ebola, please
click
here .
VA Fires Official Who Oversaw Legionnaires
Outbreak
Under the Veterans Access, Choice, and Accountability Act,
recently signed into law to overhaul the troubled Department of Veterans
Affairs, the new Secretary of the VA advanced on removing a VA
Pittsburgh Healthcare System official who was in the chain of command when the
deadly Legionnaires outbreak hit the Pittsburgh VA. Director Terry
Gerigk Wolf, cited for conduct unbecoming a Senior Executive in an
Office of Accountability Review, is being removed for her role in the
Legionnaires
outbreak.
Murphy, who worked closely on developing the
language in the legislation that would hold VA executive accountable for
ongoing management problems, told KQV Radio 1410AM this week the action
was long overdue.
The days of executive bonuses and job promotions for
mismanagement are over. My goal for the VA system is to deliver
the highest quality of services and care to our veterans. To do that the
VA must set top level performance standards and then hold managers
accountable if they consistently fail to meet that standard, said
Murphy.
Just one day before Wolfs firing, Murphy and Veterans Affairs
Oversight Chairman Mike Coffman sent a letter to the new VA Secretary
demanding a timely response with details about the disciplinary or
administrative outcomes of the three completed investigations, and changes made
to prevent similar occurrences in the future. This week, Murphy again
requested that the VA turn over all internal investigative reports and
information about those who have been disciplined, and a copy of the
VAs Office of Accountability Review report on Wolfs unbecoming
conduct.
Murphy said his efforts to hold others accountable and ensure
veterans receive the highest quality care would not
end.
In related news, the
Scripps Howard News Service examined veterans mental health after an
Iraq War veteran suffering from post-traumatic stress broke into the
White House. Rep. Murphy, who is also a Lieutenant Commander clinical
psychologist in the Navy Reserve Medical Service Corps, discussed what
needs to change so combat veterans get the help they need and recover.
Click here
to read the
story.
Continuing his
effort
to
honor the sacrifice of area veterans by awarding
them combat and service medals secured through his office,
Rep. Murphy will present to Vietnam Veteran Carl Charnesky
the Purple Heart and other medals this Tuesday at
2PM at the Bethel American Legion. Local veterans and the community
is invited to attend to thank Mr. Charnesky for his service.
If you are a veteran, or you know of a veteran who
has not yet received earned service or combat medals, Rep. Murphys
office can help. For more information, please contact either his Mt.
Lebanon office at (412) 344-5583 or the Greensburg office at (724)
850-7312.
To share your thoughts on the VA, please click
here .
Families
Seek To Help Loved Ones Get Mental Health
Help
In 1990,
Congress designated the first week of October as Mental Illness
Awareness Week to bring attention to the plight of families with loved ones
struggling to get quality care. Since then, the mental health system
has worsened
considerably.
More than a third of those who are
homeless have a serious mental illness
(SMI).
Rates of substance abuse and
imprisonment of the severely mentally ill have
increased.
Violent
incidents involving a person with untreated SMI have also
increased.
Forty-eight of fifty states have a critical or severe shortage of
psychiatric beds, and about forty percent of the ten million individuals with
SMI are not in
treatment.
As part of Mental Illness Awareness Week
and World Mental Health Day, Oversight and Investigations Subcommittee
Chairman Tim Murphy continued his nationwide review of the broken
mental health system today in San Diego, California. California Congressman
Duncan Hunter invited Murphy to a roundtable meeting to discuss his
groundbreaking
Helping Families in Mental Health
Crisis Act
with top officials from the San Diego Veterans Affairs
Hospital, local psychiatrists, and parents of loved ones with serious
mental
illness.
At the meeting, parents described the challenge in
getting their mentally ill adult children to stay in medical treatment
(click
here
to watch a recent video about one
familys struggle). Forty to fifty percent of persons with schizophrenia do
not believe they have a brain disease, making it exceedingly difficult
for them to stay in treatment and out of the hospital or jail. These
parents thanked Rep. Murphy for including AOT in his Helping Families
in Mental Health Crisis Act (read
Reforming
treatment of seriously mentally ill
in the
San Diego
Union-Tribune ). However, a group of anti-psychiatry lawyers, funded in part by
the federal government, are considering a lawsuit to stop
AOT.
Murphy
told the
Sacramento Bee
that these
lawyers are increasing homelessness amongst the severely mentally ill by
suing to keep them out of medical
treatment.
Murphys bill has been
described as the most significant overhaul of the nations broken mental
health system since the Kennedy Administration, and has been endorsed
by
physicians ,
parents of children , and a dozen-plus newspapers
including the
Washington Post ,
Wall Street Journal , and
Pittsburgh
Post-Gazette .
To share your thoughts on mental health
reform, please click
here .
Expos
Reveals
Mismanagement at Federal Reserve
Despite many high-profile efforts to reform the Federal
Reserve Bank, new reports are surfacing that the sluggish culture among
regulators responsible for holding Wall Street accountable remains the
same.
As part of the Federal Reserve System, there are twelve Federal
Reserve banks across the country functioning as the central banking
system in the United States responsible for national monetary policy and
maintaining the stability of our financial systems by monitoring
systemic risk in financial
markets.
In 2008, the Fed exerted authority to
stabilize the U.S. economy in times of unusual and exigent
instability to inject what economists estimate as more than $2 trillion into
financial markets to prevent a global economic catastrophe. However,
the Feds activities and the degree to which it intervenes and
controls the nations money supply remain largely obscure and
ambiguous.
In
a recent expos on the popular radio program
This American
Life , a former examiner for the New York Federal Reserve bank
revealed hours of secret recordings
illustrating problems
within the Fed that put the American economy at risk by allowing big
banks to take risks that the taxpayers would be on the hook for bailing
out. In fact, the secret tapes reveal that, instead of policing the
banks, Federal Reserve regulators allowed risky bank deals to go
through
unchallenged.
Soon after joining the Fed, the whistleblower
realized that rather than fully investigating and addressing concerns about
big bank transactions and financial decisions, much of the Feds
management allow most all deals to move forward unchallenged. The tapes show
entrenched federal banking regulators, who work for years inside
institutions like Goldman Sachs, becoming complacent and yielding towards
the individuals they are meant to be questioning and criticizing,
losing their effectiveness and efficacy. The tapes provide rare insight
into the daily activities of the government regulators who work on
behalf of the taxpayers to monitor large financial institutions. A
transcript of the program can be found
here .
Murphy
expressed deep concern that officials at the New York Federal Reserve,
whose job is to supervise the activities of Wall Street banks to ensure
all banking laws and regulations are strictly followed, were sitting
back and allowing risky and questionable deals to go through. He noted,
With a long history of the Federal Reserve operating under a cloak
of secrecy, these latest revelations were shocking but not
surprising.
A supporter of former Rep. Ron Pauls long-standing effort for a
full and complete audit the Federal Reserve, Murphy is a co-sponsor of
the Federal Reserve Transparency Act. The latest version of the bill,
H.R. 24, passed the House on September 17 th
and it currently
awaits further action in the
Senate.
To share your thoughts on
the Federal Reserve, please click
here .
Please Feel Free to Tell a Friend
E-mail:
E-mail:
E-mail:
Washington D.C.
Office
2332 Rayburn HOB
Washington, DC 20515
Phone: (202) 2252301
Fax: (202) 2251844
Mt. Lebanon
Office
504 Washington Road
Pittsburgh, PA 15228
Phone: (412)
3445583
Fax: (412) 4295092
Greensburg
Office
2040 Frederickson Place
Greensburg, PA
15601
Phone: (724) 8507312
Fax: (724) 8507315
Unsubscribe
|
Update My Profile
|
Privacy
Policy
