
If you are having
trouble viewing this message or would like to share it on a social
network, you can
view the
message online .
HOME
ABOUT
CONTACT ME
SERVING YOU
MEDIA CENTER
ISSUES &amp; LEGISLATION
OUR
DISTRICT
October 17, 2014
Dear Friend,
Absentee
ballots hit mailboxes over the last two weeks, so if you havent already,
please check your mailbox! We are lucky to live in a democracy where our
voices matter and our votes count, and I hope youll join me in
exercising your right to vote over the next few weeks, either by mail or at
the polls on November 4. Generations of men and women have fought for
your right to vote, and voting is a civic duty that we should all
take seriously.
I had a busy week around home. On Tuesday I
toured Boyett Petroleum, marketers of gasoline and diesel fuel
throughout the state of California. Boyett operates 14 outlets across our
district and is a distributor throughout the state of California. I
enjoyed seeing their facilities in Modesto.
I met with members
of the Valley Consortium for Medical Education to discuss graduate
medical education funding and their community efforts to improve
underserved health care through expanding medical residency training
programs.
I then held a roundtable discussion with small business
owners, the Modesto Chamber of Commerce, the Stanislaus Council of
Governments, and local insurance providers to discuss ways to stop the
negative effects of the Health Insurance Tax (HIT) under the Affordable
Care Act. Estimates show that the HIT will impact 1.7 million small
businesses and raise premium costs by $5,000 per family over the next
decade. I've co-sponsored two bills to help stop the HIT and protect
our small businesses
the backbone of our economy.
The first is
the
Small Business and Family Relief Act , a
bipartisan bill that would delay the tax for two years and offer small
business owners time to prepare for this new financial burden. The second
is the
Jobs and Premium Protection Act , which
would repeal the HIT and lessen the burden this new tax has imposed on
small business owners, their employees and their families.
It was great to hear from so many small
business owners at Tuesday's Stop the HIT
roundtable.
Valley Charter High School students and
teachers stopped by my Modesto office on Tuesday afternoon to speak with
me about ways we can work together to support career and technical
education programs. The students are participants in SkillsUSA, which is
a partnership of students, teachers and industry representatives
working together to ensure America has a skilled work force. Closing the
skills gap is essential to the success of future employers and
employees.
On Wednesday I joined a group of business owners at a
coffee held by the Manteca Chamber of Commerce. I always enjoy hearing
from our job creators. I also stopped by the Manteca Senior Center,
where Doctors Hospital of Manteca administered over 300 flu shots that
morning.
I
enjoyed the Manteca Chamber of Commerce's coffee on
Wednesday.
I visited with staff and seniors who received their flu shots
in Manteca.
I continue
to closely monitor the ongoing cases of Ebola in the country. Several
House committees have held hearings over the last two weeks to hear
testimony from CDC Director Friedan and others charged with preventing
the spread of this and other infectious diseases in the United States.
It is important to note that flu season is beginning and that many
flu symptoms are consistent with those of the Ebola virus. I would
encourage you to get flu shots for yourself and your
family.
CSU Stanislaus earned an important honor this week from
BestColleges.com for their efforts to serve Hispanic students. BestColleges.com,
which serves as a resource for parents and students as they make decisions
regarding higher education, ranked Stan St. 25 th
in the
nation in serving Hispanic students after considering academics, student
engagement, percentage of Hispanic students and membership in the
Hispanic Association of Colleges and Universities.
Check
out the Turlock City News coverage,
and congrats, CSU
Stanislaus!
If youre looking for more news from me, lets connect
on
Facebook ,
YouTube ,
Twitter
and
Instagram .
JEFF DENHAM
Do you support the Presidents
choice to appoint Ron Klain to serve as the administrations Ebola
response coordinator? Yes No Do you feel that the
administration has taken all necessary action to protect the country
from the spread of Ebola? Yes No *By answering this survey, you are subscribing to my newsletter. If you are having trouble, click here.
E-mail Updates
Yes, please periodically send me e-mail updates.*
*By subscribing to my
e-mail updates, you
are authorizing me to send regular e-mail updates from my office to
your e-mail account.
DC office:
1730 Longworth
HOB
Washington, DC
20515
P: 202-225-4540
F:
202-225-3402
Modesto Office:
4701
Sisk Road, Suite 202
Modesto, CA 95356
P:
209-579-5458
F: 209-579-5028
Unsubscribe
|
Update My
Profile
|
Privacy Policy
gateway mail
end 