
Unsubscribe
September 2014
In
recent weeks, Sen. Levin traveled to Iraq and Ukraine and spoke out on U.S. policy in both regions; celebrated the expansion of Thunder Bay National Marine Sanctuary; welcomed funding for a key transportation project in Southeast Michigan; and joined members of Michigan's congressional delegation in supporting a disaster declaration for flood-damaged areas of Michigan.
U.S. interests at stake in Iraq, Syria, Ukraine
In early September, Sen. Levin traveled to Iraq, where
he met with Kurdish leaders who oppose the terrorist group ISIS, and to
Ukraine, where he met with leaders of the government confronting Russian
aggression.
Speaking to the Council on Foreign Relations after his trip, Sen.
Levin said: &quot;In Iraq and Syria and Ukraine, the fight is for their people to
win - but we can and should provide robust assistance to those who are prepared
to fight for themselves against terror and aggression. It is the right thing to
do, it reflects our values, and it is in our national interest.&quot;
Read
Sen. Levin's speech at the Council on Foreign Relations &raquo;
Read his statement on returning from his trip to Iraq and Ukraine
&raquo;
Read
his statement supporting the strategy to confront ISIS laid out by President Obama &raquo;
Read
his statement supporting coalition military strikes against ISIS in Syria &raquo;
Read
his Senate floor statement in support of legislation to help train and equip Syrian resistance fighters to combat ISIS &raquo;
Thunder Bay expansion good news for Michigan
Sen. Levin has for years introduced legislation to expand Thunder Bay National Marine Sanctuary near Alpena. In September, the National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration announced it would use its authority to expand the sanctuary, doubling the number of historic shipwrecks receiving protection.
Read
Sen. Levin's statement celebrating the expansion announcement
&raquo;
More news from Senator Levin
Sen. Levin joined Michigan colleagues in
announcing $12.2 million in funding
that allows
construction of the M-1 Rail project in Detroit to proceed.
With other Michigan lawmakers, he
supported Michigan's application for a disaster declaration
that cleared the way for federal assistance after this summer's damaging floods. Learn about the
disaster assistance available from the Small Business Administration.
With Michigan's Sen. Debbie Stabenow, he
announced funding for research on the impact of climate change on the Great Lakes
and on
damaging algae blooms.
With his brother, Rep. Sander Levin, he welcomed a Treasury Department announcement of steps to
curb the corporate tax avoidance gimmick known as &quot;corporate inversion.&quot;
He released a Permanent Subcommittee on Investigations report outlining how the
IRS failed to enforce the legal prohibition on campaign activity by some nonprofit groups,
and then used improper criteria to screen such groups.
With Sen. James Inhofe of Oklahoma, he released a Senate Armed Services report
outlining Chinese intrusions into the computer systems of key defense contractors.
He joined Senate colleagues in releasing a Government Accountability Office
report outlining how the
IRS is failing to monitor possible tax avoidance by large partnerships.
He
welcomed a European Union investigation
that confirmed the
finding by the Permanent Subcommittee on Investigations in 2013 that Apple negotiated a special tax rate with Ireland that helped it avoid paying U.S. taxes.
He
praised the
bilateral security agreement
signed by the United States and Afghanistan.
With his brother, Rep. Sander Levin, he walked in the Hamtramck Labor Day Parade.
See photos of the parade
and other events in Michigan last month.
This newsletter is part of Sen.
Levin&rsquo;s efforts to keep constituents informed about the issues important to them.
Visit Sen. Levin&rsquo;s website
