
If you are having
trouble viewing this message or would like to share it on a social
network, you can
view the
message online .
About
Contact
Services
Media Center
Legislation
Issues
Resources
October 26, 2014
Friends,
There is no doubt that American made products are
the best products in the world and American workers are second to none
when it comes to hard work and entrepreneurial spirit.
When
you purchase products
Made in USA , you are guaranteed the
utmost quality and reliability. Most importantly, when you buy American,
you are investing in our local communities, growing our economy, and
promoting the continued livelihood of our great
nation.
As your Representative, I am deeply invested in
finding ways to ensure that our local manufacturers remain competitive
and create jobs. Last week, I had the privilege of learning more
about a local leader in American manufacturing, McRae Industries in Mount
Gilead. Did you know that this company has produced superior quality
combat boots for our men and women serving in the U.S. Army for more
than 40 years?
I had a great time touring the facility and
learning more about its operations and new line of boots for our soldiers.
This is American manufacturing at its finest, and Im working
hard every day to help keep quality manufacturing like this right here
in North Carolina.
While
the manufacturing spirit of our district continues to thrive, the
challenges to growth and progress lie in government regulatory hurdles.
The hard truth is our local manufacturers suffer at the hand of
Washington bureaucrats who impose more rules, more paperwork and more red
tape.
Complying with federal regulations costs Americans $2.028
trillion annually in lost economic growth, with small businesses and
manufacturers bearing the brunt of these costs.
The
Administration has continuously relied upon executive power to pass nearly 300
economically significant regulations, putting the burden on our economy
and job creators and pocketing more of American taxpayers' hard-earned
money. I'm committed to putting an end to these job-killing
regulations and getting government out of the
way.
The House has passed countless pro-growth jobs bills like the
Regulations from the Executive in Need of Scrutiny (REINS)
Act
(H.R. 367), which will require any rule or regulation with an
economic impact of $100 million or more to come before Congress for a vote
before taking effect. The
REINS Act
will prevent our
bloated bureaucracy from crushing our manufacturers with unnecessary costs
and empower them to grow, expand and hire people.
But just like
hundreds of other jobs bills passed by the House, the
REINS
Act
continues to collect dust on Senator Harry Reids desk.
Like you, I am frustrated by the Senates inaction. Its past time for
the Senate and the President to work with the House to find common
ground and put Americans priorities
first.
I came to Washington to fight for people, not
bureaucrats and politicians. I was granted the National Association of
Manufacturers (NAM)
Award for Manufacturing Legislative
Excellence
for my work to advance policies that empower American
manufacturers to succeed in the global economy. I am proud to be an advocate for
North Carolinas manufacturers, and I remain committed to supporting
pro-growth policies and regulatory reforms that foster innovation and
competitiveness and create jobs in the eighth
district.
I have a plan to create jobs, and it
starts with getting government off the backs of our job-creators and
returning power to American workers and entrepreneurs. See my plan and tell
me what you think at
Hudson.House.gov/JOBS .
Until next week,
Richard Hudson
Member of Congress
(NC-08)
Concord Office
325 McGill Ave, NW
Suite
500
Concord, NC 28027
Phone: (704)
7861612
Rockingham Office
1015 Fayetteville Rd
Rockingham, NC 28379
Phone: (910) 9972070
Washington D.C.
Office
429 Cannon HOB
Washington, DC 20515
Phone: (202) 2253715
Unsubscribe
|
Update My
Profile
|
Privacy Policy
gateway mail end
