
If you are
having trouble viewing this message or would like to share it on a social
network, you can
view
the message online .
October 22, 2014
Dear Friends,
The Ebola outbreak in West Africa and the reported cases of infection
here in the United States are concerning and understandably, there is
a great deal of confusion and fear.
Every possible option must
be on the table and discussed to protect the public health
travel
restrictions, stronger quarantine measures, and an expedited review and
approval of therapies and vaccines for
Ebola.
Congressional
Action
Since August,
six House
committees have been actively assessing the governments response to
the Ebola outbreak .
In
September, the House and Senate approved and President Obama signed into
law a Continuing Resolution (CR) that would continue funding for
government programs and services until December 11, 2014.
The CR included provisions to address the Ebola crisis, including
additional funding to accelerate Health and Human Services research
on Ebola therapies, and additional funding for the CDCs response to
the growing outbreak in Africa .
International
Response
The U.S. and international effort must contain the
virus and prevent the additional spread within our own and to other
countries from countries in West Africa
Guinea, Liberia, and Sierra
Leone.
It is imperative to put in place a strategy to get ahead of
the spread of this virus and restore the publics faith that we are
safe.
Guinea, Liberia and
Sierra Leone, some of the poorest countries in the world due to neglect
and years of conflict, do not have a health system to respond to the
needs of their people.
It is going to take an international
coalition to create the health infrastructure necessary to do so and
change community behaviors.
Non-governmental organizations are submitting proposals to the World
Health Organization (WHO) and other entities to provide health care
workers.
The international community, including the United States, is
providing support for Ebola responses in the affected countries and
the WHO is coordinating those efforts.
American
Response
Thus far, over 100 medical professionals have been deployed
and roughly 4,000 troops are preparing to be sent to West Africa to
help contain the virus.
There are currently 556 troops on the
ground in Liberia and Senegal.
Department of
Defense (DOD) officials have stated that DOD personnel will not provide
direct medical care to Ebola victims, but are building health facilities
and training health care
units .
Travel
Customs and Border Patrol and airline officials are being trained
on how to screen and detect travelers who show symptoms of the Ebola
virus.
Enhanced entry screening measures at
five U.S. airports that receive over 94 percent of travelers from the
Ebola-affect nations of Guinea, Liberia, and Sierra Leone (New Yorks
JFK International Airport, Washington-Dulles, Newark, Chicago OHare,
and Atlanta International) have been put in place .
It is
important to note that there are no direct flights to the impacted
countries in West Africa .
Recently ,
the Department of
Homeland Security announced that passengers arriving in the United
States whose travel originates in Liberia, Sierra Leone or Guinea will be
required to fly into one of the five airports that have the enhanced
screening and additional resources in place .
In addition,
the CDC also announced that travelers coming to the U.S. from the three
West African countries will be in daily contact with state and local
authorities for a 21-day period; the traveler will report their
temperatures and any other potential symptoms, as well as any future travel
plans .
Local
Response
In Mississippi, we
are fortunate to have great examples of preparedness.
I would
like to extend my appreciation to the local hospitals, local officials,
and state agencies that have been proactive in preparing for the Ebola
virus.
The Mississippi State Department of Health , the Mississippi
Emergency Management Agency and several other state agencies are working
together to ensure coordinated public health emergency plans.
Local
hospitals across the state have also been proactive in sharing their
preparedness plans.
Most recently,
the North
Mississippi Medical Center in Tupelo hosted an Ebola preparedness
meeting with federal and local
officials .
Closely
Monitoring
Earlier this week, positive
news came out of Dallas, Texas when friends and family
of
Thomas Eric Duncan, the first person diagnosed
with Ebola in the United States, were released from their isolation
period, Ebola free .
Although this is certainly positive
news, as your Representative, I remain concerned about the spread of
Ebola.
My team and I will continue to closely
monitor the federal government's response to this threat .
I pray for a speedy recovery for the health care
workers who contracted the Ebola virus that are being treated in
Bethesda, MD and Atlanta, GA.
My prayers and thoughts are with their
families and the medical professionals and military personnel who are
helping to care and treat individuals here at home and in West
Africa.
Stay in touch
and God bless,
Do you feel that the
federal government has done enough to contain the spread of the Ebola
virus? Yes, the federal
government has done enough to contain the spread of
Ebola. No, the federal government
has not done enough to contain the spread of Ebola. Other Are you worried that you or someone in your family will be
exposed to the Ebola virus? Yes, very worried. Yes, somewhat worried. No, not too worried. No, not worried at
all. Other *By answering this survey, you are
subscribing to my newsletter. If you are having trouble, click
here.
Unsubscribe
|
Update My Profile
|
Privacy Policy
gateway mail end 