
If you
are having trouble viewing this message or would like to share it on a
social network, you can
view the message online .
HOME
ABOUT RENEE
2ND DISTRICT
NEWSROOM
CONSTITUENT SERVICES
LEGISLATION
CONTACT US
September 28, 2014
Photo of the Week:
Really glad
to receive my flu shot while visiting a Novartis facility in Holly
Springs. This facility utilized a new form of technology to create a
cell-culture based vaccine, which better equips us to handle seasonal
epidemics. This is the most significant advancement in flu vaccines in
more than 40 years-- and it happened right here in North
Carolina!
Last Friday, I was able to introduce a piece of
legislation called
The
Accountability in Foreign Aid Act
. Currently, states face
what is, essentially, an unfunded mandate when it comes to services
provided to illegal immigrants. We have numerous children crossing the
border who are being funneled into our public schools, yet our states are
given no financial assistance to deal with this problem. The
legislation that I introduced would decrease foreign aid funding and instead
provide it to states who are left footing the bill. Take a look at the
articles written on this legislation in
The Hill
or in
The Blaze .
This week I had the chance to visit a Novartis
facility in Holly Springs as they were celebrating the licensing and
shipment of a revolutionary flu vaccine called Flucelvax. This vaccine
is produced using groundbreaking technology that will enable faster and
larger quantities to be produced. I hope youll scroll down to view
photos, including one with Governor McCrory, and check out
this article
from WRAL to
learn more about the event.
It has been a busy week home in the district but I have
enjoyed seeing what 2nd District Constituents have been working on! I
hope you will continue to reach out to my offices in Asheboro, Dunn,
and Washington. It is an honor to be your voice in Congress, and I hope
you will let me know if there is ever anything I can help you
with.
Visiting Novartis in Holly Springs
I
was thrilled to visit Novartis in Holly Springs to celebrate the
licensing of a new flu vaccine, Flucelvax, which utilizes groundbreaking
technology that makes it possible to manufacture larger quantities of
the flu va ccines.
This is the
kind of innovation that we are looking at in the
Energy and
Commerce 21st Century Cures
initiative.
It was wonderful seeing Governor Pat
McCrory at the Novartis celebration. We had a chance to catch up
while celebrating this one-of-a-kind
vaccine.
Triangle Apartment Association
This week, I
met with the
Triangle Apartment Association and
toured Bradford Apartments and Townhomes in
Cary.
After touring the new apartment
complex, we sat down to discuss the housing industry, the economy and
energy solutions moving
forward.
Meeting the 2014 Conservation Farm Family
I t was a pleasure to meet the 2014
Conservation Farm Family of the Year -- the Bowman Family of Rockin' B Farm --
at the
Randolph County Soil and Water
Celebration on
Thursday.
Listen to My Interview!
Take a few
moments to listen to my interview on the Bill LuMaye show
by clicking here
or on the
picture above! I discuss my efforts in launching the Grid Innovation
Caucus, which will seek to update the U.S. electric
grid.
Let Me Know What You Think This week, the News &amp; Observer reported that the
federal government relocated 219 unaccompanied immigrant children to
North Carolina in August and 5,942 nationwide. The bill I introduced
last week, the Accountability in Foreign Aid Act, would reimburse states
for funds spent on illegal immigrants with funds from foreign aid
accounts. Some of the expenses eligible for reimbursement under this
legislation include public elementary and secondary education,
incarceration and detention, emergency medical treatment and immunizations. Do you agree that states
should be reimbursed for funds spent on illegal
immigrants? Yes. No. Not sure. *By answering this survey, you are subscribing to my
newsletter. If you are having trouble, click
here.
Share on Facebook Share on Twitter
Washington, DC
426 Cannon HOB
Washington, DC 20515
Phone: (202)
225-4531
Fax: (202) 225-5662
Dunn
NC
406 W. Broad Street
Dunn, NC 28334
Phone: (910) 230-1910
Fax: (910)
230-1940
Asheboro, NC
222 Sunset Avenue, Suite 101
Asheboro, North Carolina 27203
Phone:
(336) 626-3060
Fax: (336)
629-7819
Toll Free in NC:
1-877-645-8764
Unsubscribe
|
Update My Profile
|
Privacy
Policy
gateway mail
end 