
Dear Friend,
I&rsquo;m known as a singer-songwriter. I&rsquo;m also a mother and a grandmother, And I&rsquo;ve been a frequent visitor to Massachusetts for as long as I can remember. I love the Bay State with its great schools, cities, small towns, islands, hills, mountains, forests, and the ocean that is such a huge part of the environment.
Which brings me to Ed Markey.
I first met Ed in the early 90s when I was trying to find someone in Congress who understood the critical importance of protecting not just isolated pieces of land but entire ecosystems. Ed actually knew back then what an ecosystem was. He was also one of the first members of Congress to recognize the significance of climate change.
Today, most of us accept what science tells us. We know climate change is real, and we know that the activities of humans are making it worse. Ed understands the urgency of taking constructive action to slow climate change and mitigate the damage. He knows that if we continue along the path the Tea Party wants us to take, which is &ldquo;do nothing,&rdquo; the effects of their obstruction are going to be felt by everyone, including the deniers. We need to help Ed keep up this important fight. Please, join me in supporting his campaign by giving $5, $10 or whatever you can afford today.
If you've saved your payment information with ActBlue Express, your donation will go through immediately:
Express Donate: $5
Express Donate: $10
Express Donate: $25
Or donate another amount.
My friend Ed has a proven record of fighting for a better future for all of us. Now he needs our help to unleash a clean energy revolution, guarantee equal pay for equal work, and protect women&rsquo;s rights, which benefits not only women but families. But Ed can&rsquo;t achieve those goals on your behalf if the Senate is taken over by the folks who say no to everything. Ed knows how important it is for us to take action on climate change, on equal pay, on raising the minimum wage, and on all the issues that tie us together. That&rsquo;s why I&rsquo;m asking you to join me in supporting Ed&rsquo;s campaign with a contribution right now.
No amount is too small. Give $5, $10, or whatever you can afford.
Bay Staters have a real champion in the Senate: Ed Markey. This year, we can&rsquo;t take Ed&rsquo;s victory for granted. Please help Ed win by contributing, volunteering, and voting on or before November 4th.
You know Ed. He&rsquo;s a committed, caring national leader and a force of nature as he fights against special interests on behalf of the middle class and the environment.
I, too, know Ed. That&rsquo;s why I&rsquo;m asking you to do whatever you can to re-elect Senator Markey this November. The election is less than two weeks away. Help Ed&rsquo;s team get out the vote. Give $5, $10, or whatever you can afford today. Make it happen! And remember, your vote is your voice. Your voice matters. Be sure to vote for Ed Markey on Tuesday, November 4th, and remind everyone you know that their voices matter too.
Thank you so much for supporting my friend Ed.
Carole King
Paid for by The Markey Committee
Contributions or gifts to The Markey Committee are not tax deductible.
This email was sent to
dj724530@gmail.com
Click here
to unsubscribe
http://www.edmarkey.com
