
Fracking and America's Energy Revolution: The large geologic formation known as the Fayetteville Shale in Arkansas helps provide a clean source of electricity for millions of Americans. We are able to extract this natural gas through a process known as fracking. Fracking is an economic engine for our state's economy. Learn more about fracking and the truth in behind the science and economic benefits in a report released by my collegues and me who serve on the Senate Environment and Public Works Committee.
Fighting the Critical Habitat Designation: A clean environment helps provide good jobs, safety and health for the people of Arkansas. However, under the guise of protecting the environment, the Obama administration is taking advantage of the Endangered Species Act (ESA) and reinterpreting it in a manner that negatively impacts Arkansass future.
Im working to make the administration be honest about the costs of its ESA proposals.
Cybersecurity Awareness Month: The Internet makes is easier for us to stay connected with friends and family, make financial transactions and read the latest news, without leaving home. It also opens the door to cybersecurity attacks because criminals are hacking into protected sites and stealing sensitive information. We must make cybersecurity a national priority.
Mailbag: I receive many questions from Arkansans every day. Im answering some of the most asked questions in a video mailbag segment. Watch my most recent video response to an Arkansans Boy Scout asking about illegal child immigration. Follow me on Facebook to watch the Mailbag Monday segment.
Champion of Manufacturing: I am pleased to earn the National Association of Manufacturers (NAM) Award for Manufacturing Legislative Excellence based on his support of policies key to the manufacturing industry during the 113th Congress.
I am committed to continuing to create an economic environment that helps our manufacturing industry succeed.
Instagram: Im on Instagram @johnboozman. Follow me to see what Im doing to serve you.
Home
|
About
|
News
|
Services
|
Contact
Boozman Bulletin: Arkansans Defending our Nation
Our troops deserve the best equipment available to help them execute their missions safely and successfully. We need to maintain a strong national defense -with the most advanced technologies and cutting edge tools -and Arkansas military installations and defense manufacturers play an important role.
The Department of Defense employs nearly 24,000 Arkansans. Projected defense spending in Arkansas for 2015 is more than $3.3 billion. To ensure that Arkansas remains an important contributor to our nation&rsquo;s defense, I visited military installations, businesses and jobs that contribute to our national defense and the protection of our nation&rsquo;s warriors.
When Congress returns, senators will debate the National Defense Authorization Act (NDAA), a critical bill that supports our nation&rsquo;s troops, their families and our military installations. I will share the information I learned on this defense tour with my colleagues in Washington to highlight the importance of Arkansas defense facilities.
From left: Tour stops included facilities in Camden including Spectra Technologies and General Dynamics facility. We also met with troops at Camp Robinson.
Defense Tour in the News Texarkana Gazette - BRAC-proofing -Boozman kicks off military tour at RRAD TXK Today
-
U.S. Senator Boozman Visits Red River Army Depot During Defense Tour KTVE
-
AR Senator Boozman visits Camden Camden News -
Boozman visits Camden
Quick Takes:
Preventing the Spread of Ebola:
I believe we need a clear cut strategy to prevent the spread of Ebola. We need to be proactive and establish temporary travel restrictions for people entering the United States who have been to West African countries experiencing Ebola outbreaks. I will join my colleagues on the Senate Appropriations Committee to analyze what has been done and what resources are needed to help fight Ebola in our country and in West Africa in a hearing scheduled for November.
Learn more about my efforts to fight Ebola .
Fighting the Critical Habitat Designation:
A clean environment helps provide good jobs, safety and health for the people of Arkansas. However, under the guise of protecting the environment, the Obama administration is taking advantage of the Endangered Species Act (ESA) and reinterpreting it in a manner that negatively impacts Arkansas&rsquo;s future. I&rsquo;m
working to make the administration honest about the costs
of its ESA proposals.
Fighting EPA Overreach:
Last week I joined Republican members of the Senate Agriculture Committee in
asking the administration to withdraw its proposal
to claim federal control over almost all state and local waters. In a letter to the EPA, Army Corps of Engineers and the U.S. Department of Agriculture, we argued that the 'Waters of the US' (WOTUS) proposal could fundamentally alter interaction between farmers and the federal government. Arkansas farmers don't need Washington telling them how to use their land.
Fracking and America's Energy Revolution:
The large geologic formation known as the &ldquo;Fayetteville Shale&rdquo; in Arkansas helps provide a clean source of electricity for millions of Americans. We are able to extract this natural gas through a process known as fracking. Fracking is an economic engine for our state's economy. Learn more about fracking and the
truth behind the science and economic benefits in a report
released by my colleagues and me who serve on the Senate Environment and Public Works Committee.
Champion of Manufacturing:
I am pleased to earn the National Association of Manufacturers (NAM)
Award for Manufacturing Legislative Excellence
based on my support of policies key to the manufacturing industry during the 113th Congress. I am committed to continuing to create an economic environment that helps our manufacturing industry succeed.
Mailbag:
I receive many questions from Arkansans every day. I&rsquo;m answering some of the most asked questions in a video mailbag segment.
Watch this recent video response
to an Arkansas Boy Scout asking about illegal child immigration.
Follow me on Facebook
to watch the Mailbag Monday segment.
Instagram:
I&rsquo;m on
Instagram
@johnboozman. Follow me to see what I&rsquo;m doing to serve you.
Home
|
Privacy Policy
|
Unsubscribe
