
October 7, 2014
WEBSITE
|
FORWARD TO A FRIEND
| SHARE ON:
Kline's Corner: Working Together
In This Week's Kline's Corner
Holding the VA Accountable
Announcing Help for Small Businesses Affected by Flooding
Mobile Office Coming to Jordan, Elko New Market
Holding the VA Accountable
Dear Friends,
I have been outraged by recent reports of falsified records at the Minneapolis VA Health Care System. To address this, I joined Senators Amy Klobuchar and Al Franken and Reps. Collin Peterson, Betty McCollum, Michele Bachmann, Keith Ellison, Tim Walz, Erik Paulsen, and Rick Nolan today to request a meeting with Department of Veterans Affairs (VA) Secretary Robert McDonald to discuss recent reports of that Minnesota veterans experienced delays to accessing care at the Department of Veterans Affairs (VA) and that these delays may have contributed to the death of Marine Corporal Jordan Buisman on Nov., 2012. The VA Inspector Generals office is currently investigating allegations of falsified records and manipulation of scheduling data that may have put veterans lives at risk. The letter requests a meeting with Secretary McDonald to discuss the investigation once its completed to help ensure problems are corrected and any wrongdoing gets punished.
Click here to read the text of the letter .
Announcing Help for Small Businesses Affected by Flooding
Earlier this week I, joined the Minnesota congressional delegation in a bipartisan effort to announce that Small Business Administration (SBA) Economic Injury Disaster Loans are now available to small businesses and other organizations affected by flooding in 49 counties including Dakota, Rice, Scott, and Washington counties located in the 2nd District.
The Economic Injury Disaster Loans are available to small businesses and other organizations that suffered financial losses as a result of the flooding that affected Minnesota this summer. Under the SBAs Economic Injury Disaster Loan program, qualifying small businesses and private non-profit organizations can receive loans of up to $2 million. Eligibility is determined based on the size of the applicant, the type of activity, and its financial resources. Interested applicants may apply online using the Electronic Loan Application (ELA) via SBAs secure website at
https://disasterloan.sba.gov/ela .
My Mobile Office is Coming to Jordan and Elko New Market
I would like to encourage residents in Jordan and Elko New Market and nearby communities to take advantage of the services available to them by visiting my mobile office on Tuesday, Oct. 21. My mobile office will be at the Jordan Library (275 Creek Lane S.) from 10:30-11:30 a.m., and the Elko New Market Library (110 J. Roberts Way) from 2-3 p.m. Staff will be available to answer questions and help you with the processing of your passport, claiming your veterans benefits, or with any other problems youre experiencing with the federal government without having to visit my office in Burnsville.
Have a great week!
John Kline
Member of Congress
TOP NEWS
John Kline Supports Bipartisan Jobs Legislation
Minnesota Congressman John Kline supported bipartisan jobs legislation that passed the U.S. House of Representatives today. The Jobs for America Act, H.R. 4, would promote job creation and increase wages through pro-growth tax policy and providing Minnesota businesses a needed reprieve from government overreach.
I hear too often from the hardworking Minnesotans I represent that the government is standing in the way of their ability to grow jobs and wages, said Kline. I was pleased Congress could come together to pass my job training reform legislation earlier this year, and urge my colleagues in the Senate to consider this important, bipartisan legislation I supported that cuts red-tape and provides tax relief to grow our economy.
Read more .
UPDATE SUBSCRIPTION OPTIONS
|
PRIVACY POLICY
|
CONTACT US
Click Here Click Here