
If you are having trouble viewing
this message or would like to share it on a social network, you can
view the message
online .
October 07, 2014
Join My October Tele-Townhall
I will be holding my
October tele-townhall on Tuesday, October 14, at 7:00 p.m. MT.
If you
would like to attend you can sign up here:
http://www.lee.senate.gov/public/index.cfm/tele-townhall-meetings
"To Elevate the Condition of Men"
Last week
I delivered remarks to the Sutherland Institute
to
share a few proposals I have been working on to reduce poverty and
help Americans who have fallen behind get back on the path to
prosperity.
For all Americas reputation for individualism and
competition, our nation has from the beginning been built on a foundation of
community and cooperation.
In America freedom does not mean you
are on your own.
Freedom really means, we are all in this
together.
Together, Americas free-enterprise economy and
voluntary civil society enabled millions of ordinary Americans to protect
themselves
and each other
from material want and social isolation
long before Lyndon Johnson tried to do better by growing and
centralizing government authority.
Defenders of todays status
quo say that any critique of our welfare system is really just a
thinly-veiled attempt to destroy the social safety net. But what we all
should want
and what I certainly do want
is not to destroy the safety
net, but to make it work.
This is an important point for
us to remember: the constitutionally limited but indispensable role
that government played in Americas original war on poverty. That role
was best expressed by a president who understood poverty better than
most.
In 1861, Abraham Lincoln told Congress that the
leading object of American government was:
to elevate the
condition of men
to lift artificial weights from all shoulders, to
clear the paths of laudable pursuit for all, to afford all an unfettered
start and a fair chance, in the race of life.
In a
single sentence, Lincoln explains precisely what poverty is, and what
government ought to do about it.
As Lincoln knew first hand,
true poverty was, for most people, not an absence of money, but an
absence of opportunity
a lack of access to those social and economic
networks where human opportunities are created.
Then, as
now, people were not isolated because they were poor
they were poor
mostly because they were isolated. And however unintended, too many
government programs today only exacerbate that
isolation.
Networks of opportunity formed within the free market and civil society
are not threats that poor families need more protection from. They are
blessings that poor families need more access to.
And so,
in Americas original war on poverty, government did not give the
poor other peoples money. It gave them access to other
people.
In Lincolns era that meant dredging rivers, building canals, and
cutting roads. It meant the Homestead Act and land-grant
universities.
These public goods werent designed to make poverty more
tolerable
but to make it more temporary. They reduced the time it
took to get products to market, increased access to banks and land, and
increased the speed at which knowledge could be developed and
shared.
Poor farmers and trappers in Lincolns Mid-West were no
worse at their trades than their more affluent counterparts back east.
They just didnt enjoy the same access to networks of human, social,
and economic capital.
Likewise, poor children today
possess the ability to acquire the knowledge and skills necessary to
succeed in the 21st century. But what they lack is access to the networks of
human opportunity where that knowledge and those skills are
acquired.
Properly considered, then, the war on poverty is not so
much about lifting people up. Its about bringing people
in.
Share on
Facebook Share on Twitter
Washington, D.C. Office
316 Hart Senate Office Building
Washington, D.C., 20510
Phone: 202.224.5444
Fax:
202.228.1168
Salt Lake City
Wallace F. Bennett Federal Building
125
South State, Suite 4225
Salt Lake City, UT 84138
Phone: 801.524.5933
Fax: 801.524.5730
St. George
Office of Senator Michael S.
Lee
285 West Tabernacle, Suite
200
St. George, UT
84770
Phone: 435.628.5514
Unsubscribe
|
Update My Profile
|
Privacy
Policy
