 Mail begin
If you are having trouble viewing this message
or would like to share it on a social network, you can
view the message online .
Home
About
Randy
Serving You
News
Our District
Contact
October 09, 2014
In this
issue:
Encouraging High School
Students to Pursue Manufacturing, STEM Skills and STEM
Careers
New Initiative will help Boost
Chicago Area Exports
Recognized as Guardian of Small Business by NFIB
Save the Date!
Encouraging High School Students to Pursue
Manufacturing, STEM Skills and STEM Careers
There is a wide open world of career opportunities in
manufacturing and STEM (science, technology, engineering, mathematics)
fields right here in the 14th District, but many high school students
dont know about them or havent been shown a vision of what their
future could be like. Thats why I encouraged high school students from
Central High School in Burlington, Oswego High School, and homeschooling
students to stay focused in school and open their eyes to the great
jobs and careers available in Illinois manufacturing sector for those
with STEM skills.
Together, we visited Bison Gear in St. Charles during the Manufacture
Your Future initiative which shows students real life examples of
fulfilling and well-paying careers. Bison parts are found in everything from
ice machines to manufacturing plants. Seeing how the shop floor
functioned alongside those students reminded me again that for many, college
isnt on the horizon, and there are great alternatives to a four-year
degree.
(Rep. Hultgren and Central High School students
learn about Bison Gear processes)
(Rep. Hultgren with
Central High School Students at Bison Gear)
SciTech Museum in Aurora, which hosts 100,000
visitors every year, helps inspire kids to dream big about the job
possibilities within STEM fields.
(Arlene Hawks, SciTechs
Executive Director, demonstrates an exhibit for
students)
I was glad to congratulate Jake
Cirino, the 14th District House App Contest winner, whose inventiveness
demonstrates what our next generation of science and technology-focused
innovators can offer.
(Rep. Hultgren presents a certificate to Jake
Cirino of Oswego High School, 14th District Winner of the House App
Contest)
New Initiative will
help Boost Chicago Area Exports
Speaking of job opportunities in Illinois industries, I was
thrilled at the launch of
Metro Chicago Exports , a regional collaboration that will help small and medium
enterprises throughout the 14th Congressional District find and take
advantage of export opportunities, and strengthen the Chicagoland
areas network of regional service providers.
Some of the worlds premier products are made
right here in Illinois, and the collar counties of Chicago are primed to
boost their production and exports. But it is imperative our region
reach its full exporting potential. This new initiative targets firms
that are ripe to export their goods, helps them navigate the confusing
array of compliance procedures, and reduces obstacles faced by small
firms when trying to reach new markets.
I have great hope this initiative is the next step in
helping Illinois businesses expand their operations, hire more workers
and get our economy back in its feet again.
Recognized as Guardian of Small
Business
I was honored to be named a
Guardian of Small Business by the National Federation of Independent
Business (NFIB), the nations leading small business association. I grew up
in a family funeral home, and many residents of the 14th District
work at family-owned small businesses. I will continue to support them
and defend them from overreaching government at all
levels.
(Rep. Hultgren accepts award from NFIB President and CEO Dan
Danner)
Save the
Date!
I will be hosting two
upcoming forums for the benefit of the 14th District. On
Monday, October 20
I will be hosting a forum for Illinois veterans, their
spouses and their families on how to identify and avoid consumer
scams and protect oneself and ones family from medical, charity or
identify fraud or theft.
The event, held at VFW Post 5036 in St. Charles, will allow veterans to
hear directly from fraud experts on where to find local assistance and
what protections are already available under state and federal
laws.
Human trafficking,
and especially sex slavery, targets the youngest and most vulnerable in
society. Unfortunately, it isnt isolated to distant lands far from
our shores; it is happening right here in the United States, in Chicago,
and increasingly in our own communities. It is critical to understand
the extent of the problem in order to confront it and determine how
each of us can play a role in successfully combating
it.
To that end, I will be hosting a
forum on
Thursday, October
23
at the Kane County Government
Center in Geneva to help educate the public and raise awareness about
sex trafficking and exploitation and the dangers they pose to our
community, region, and world.
More information on these forums is available on my website at
Hultgren.house.gov.
If you havent already, be sure to like my
Facebook page , follow me on Twitter ( @RepHultgren ), or check out my
YouTube page
to stay informed on everything Im doing on your behalf in
Washington and in Illinois.
As always, thank you for the honor and privilege of serving
you.
In Your
Service,
Randy
Hultgren
Member of
Congress
14th District,
Illinois
Randy in the
News
Crystal Lake woman
fights for cancer research in Washington
(Northwest
Herald)
Hultgren Encourages Students to Pursue
Manufacturing, STEM Skills and Careers
(Illinois Review)
Hultgren Presses FAA Administrator on New Hiring Procedure Bias
(McHenry County Blog)
Kirk and IL GOP
Congressmen Call on Obama to Investigate Quinns Use of Federal Funds
(Illinois Review)
More than three dozen US
lawmakers attend Modi's Madison Square event
(Zee News)
Republican Alternatives to Obamacare
(The Daily Free
Press)
Tell a
Friend
E-mail:
E-mail:
E-mail:
E-mail
Updates
Yes, please periodically send me
e-mail updates.*
*By subscribing to my
e-mail
updates, you are authorizing me to send regular e-mail updates from my
office to your e-mail account.
Contact
Information
Washington,
DC
332 Cannon HOB
Washington, DC 20515
Phone: (202) 225-2976
Fax: (202)
225-0697
Geneva Office
1797 State Street Suite A
Geneva, IL 60134
Phone: (630) 232-7104
Fax: (630)
232-7174
Unsubscribe
|
Update My Profile
|
Privacy Policy
