
Dear Friend,
Thank you for signing up to receive my email newsletter. These
newsletters will cover a variety of topics, including events happening
in Indiana, legislation being considered in Congress, and my
perspective on current issues. My hope is to keep you updated and
informed on how issues in Washington may impact Hoosiers. I welcome
your feedback.
Thanks for reading,
Dan Coats
_____
Travel Restrictions on Countries Affected by Ebola
As Americans, we are blessed to live in a nation with world-class
hospitals, medical professionals and technologies designed to deal with
complex health care challenges. The outbreak of the Ebola virus is a
serious health issue for our country, and the United States needs to
aggressively prepare to respond to the threat Ebola poses.
Given the seriousness of this situation, the United States should
temporarily enact a visa ban on nationals from the Ebola-affected
countries of Guinea, Liberia and Sierra Leone. Ensuring that citizens
from these countries cannot enter the United States is a common-sense
step to contain this virus and protect American citizens.
_____
Retirement of Indiana Adjutant General Martin Umbarger
Indiana Adjutant General R. Martin Umbarger announced earlier this week
that he will retire in May 2015. General Umbarger is one of the most
respected adjutant generals in the country and a valuable leader in
Indiana.
He has led the Indiana National Guard and served our state and nation
with integrity and distinction over his 45 year military career. I wish
him and his family the best as they prepare for the next chapter of
their lives.
Coats in the News
Indiana Sen. Dan Coats eyes teetering Baghdad and some harsh realities
Coats discusses Ebola virus during stop in Brazil, Indiana
Sen. Dan Coats: Don't take away anti-terror tools
Coats Leads Bipartisan Group Urging Establishment of Trade Health
Official
Indiana's solutions better than Washington's, Coats says
_____
Coats with Hoosiers
Enjoyed visiting with Terre Haute residents last week.
_____
To unsubscribe please
Click Here
Contact Me
Latest News
A message
from Senator Dan Coats
Dear
Friend,
Thank you for signing up to receive my email
newsletter. These newsletters will cover a variety of topics,
including
events happening in Indiana, legislation being
considered
in Congress, and my perspective on current issues.
My
hope is to keep you updated and informed on how issues in Washington may impact Hoosiers. I welcome your
feedback.
Thanks for reading,
Dan Coats
Travel Restrictions on Countries Affected by Ebola
As Americans, we are blessed to live in a nation with world-class hospitals, medical professionals
and technologies designed to deal with complex health care challenges. The outbreak of the Ebola virus
is a serious health issue for our country, and the United States needs to aggressively prepare to respond
to the threat Ebola poses.
Given the seriousness of this situation, the United States should temporarily enact a visa ban on
nationals from the Ebola-affected countries of Guinea, Liberia and Sierra Leone. Ensuring that citizens
from these countries cannot enter the United States is a common-sense step to contain this virus and
protect American citizens.
Retirement of Indiana Adjutant General Martin Umbarger
Indiana Adjutant General R. Martin Umbarger announced earlier this week that he will retire in May
2015. General Umbarger is one of the most respected adjutant generals in the country and a valuable leader
in Indiana.
He has led the Indiana National Guard and served our state and nation with integrity and distinction
over his 45 year military career. I wish him and his family the best as they prepare for the next chapter
of their lives.
Coats
in the News
Indiana
Sen. Dan Coats eyes teetering Baghdad and some harsh realities
Coats
discusses Ebola virus during stop in Brazil, Indiana
Sen.
Dan Coats: Don't take away anti-terror tools
Coats
Leads Bipartisan Group Urging Establishment of Trade Health Official
Indiana's
solutions better than Washington's, Coats says
Coats
with Hoosiers
Enjoyed visiting with Terre Haute residents
last week.
To
unsubscribe please
Click
Here
Contact
Me Latest
News
