
HATCH DISPATCH: RELIGIOUS FREEDOM
Dear Friend:
I had a wonderful opportunity last night to
give the keynote speech at the 21
st
Annual International Law and
Religion Symposium at Brigham Young
University. My remarks focused on religious
freedom
the importance of this first
freedom in our nations history, recent
attacks on religious liberty, and how to return
our nation to one that holds sacred the freedom
of religion.
As a current member and former Chairman of the
Senate Judiciary Committee and a lead author of
the Religious Freedom Restoration Act (RFRA),
this issue has been at the forefront of my work
in the United States Senate.
This is an unsettled and unsettling time for
religious liberty. Both at home and abroad,
religious liberty is under attack. What was
once a broad consensus here in the United States
that religious freedom deserves special
protection has recently crumbled. By
working to make government and religion partners
once more rather than antagonists, we can revive
the view that religion is a force for good rather
than something to be swept under the
rug.
I know that many of you are also very
interested in this issue and would invite you to
read the speech I delivered, below.
Sincerely,
Orrin Hatch
P. S. I also felt honored to receive the
Distinguished Service Award from the
International Center for Law and Religion Studies
at Brigham Young University for my support of
religious freedom in America. In bestowing
this award W. Cole Durham, the Director of the
Center made the following comments:
Senator Hatch has played a truly
significant role
perhaps the leading role
in shaping legislation affecting
religious freedom in America. In 1994, Senator
Hatch led the fight to pass the Religious Freedom
Restoration Act (RFRA), garnering near-unanimous
support in both parties. RFRA is arguably the
most important religious liberty legislation of
the twentieth century. It provides heightened
protections to religious organizations and limits
governments ability to substantially
burden an individuals or religious
groups exercise of religion. In 1997,
after the Supreme Court limited RFRAs
application to the federal government, Senator
Hatch introduced the Religious Liberty Protection
Act to limit the scope of the Supreme
Courts decision. This was followed by
Senator Hatchs introduction of the
Religious Land Use and Institutionalized Persons
Act (RLUIPA), which Congress unanimously passed
within just two weeks in 2000. RLUIPA applies the
RFRA legal standard to prison inmates and
churches in zoning disputes.
Senator Hatchs legislative
initiatives have also included the 1979
introduction of the Religious Freedom in the
Workplace Act, and the Religious Liberty and
Charitable Donation Clarification Act, which was
signed into law in 2006.
The Senators advocacy on behalf
of religious liberty has extended to the judicial
branch as well. He recently filed amicus briefs
in the Hobby Lobby case in both the U. S. Court
of Appeals and the U. S. Supreme Court, and he
has worked for many years to confirm judges that
understand and respect the importance of
religious rights.
Senator Hatch has also taken
opportunities throughout his Senate service to
educate Americans on the importance of religious
liberty. In 1984, for example, as chairman of the
Senate Judiciary Committee Subcommittee on the
Constitution, he held a high-profile hearing on
the state of religious liberty. In 2010 he
publicly defended the right of Muslims to build a
mosque near Ground Zero in New York City. And
just recently the Senator penned an op-ed in USA
Today titled Why Religious Freedom Still
Matters.
Summing up Senator Hatchs
leadership on religious liberty, Professor
Michael McConnell, one of Americas leading
religious liberty scholars and the Director of
the Constitutional Law Center at Stanford Law
School has written, No Senator has fought
longer, or more effectively, in defense of
religious liberty for all Americans, than
Senator Orrin Hatch. (Utah Senator Orrin
Hatch is a loyal advocate for religious
liberty,
Deseret News , May 27, 2012.)
On behalf of my colleagues and as
director of the International Center for Law and
Religion Studies at Brigham Young University, it
gives me great pleasure to honor Senator Orrin G.
Hatch with the 2014 Distinguished Service Award
for his outstanding contributions to the defense
of religious freedom during his long career of
public service in the United States
Senate.
Senator Hatchs Full Remarks:
It is my privilege to be with you for the
21st annual International Law and Religion
Symposium. I am humbled to be added to
the list of distinguished scholars and jurists
from around the world who have given this
address in the past.
This is an unsettled and unsettling time for
religious liberty. Both at home and
abroad, religious liberty is under
attack. What was once a broad consensus
here in the United States that religious
freedom deserves special protection has
recently crumbled. Indeed, President
Obama and his administration have taken
positions openly hostile to religious
liberty. To cite just two examples, the
administration argued in the Supreme Court that
the federal government may control a
churchs decisions to hire or fire its
own ministers. The administration also
claimed authority to force employers to violate
deeply held religious beliefs in providing
health benefits to employees. At the
state level, hundreds of small business owners
across the country have faced fines,
bankruptcy, and other sanctions under public
accommodations laws for following their
religious convictions.
Internationally we see many troubling
attacks on religious liberty. In Nigeria,
Boko Haram continues to attack, maim, and kill
Christians in its campaign of terror. In
Iran, a man was recently executed for
heresy after he questioned the
accuracy of certain religious texts.
Pakistan continues to imprison religious
dissenters for blasphemy. One such
dissenter was recently killed by his jailer
while awaiting trial. The rise of ISIS
and other Islamist groups in the Middle East
poses a significant threat to the fragile
religious freedoms in that region. And
nations from Europe to Australia are
considering bans on various types of religious
clothing.
I would like to take my short time with you
this evening to explain why religious freedom
matters, how it is under attack, and what each
of us as global citizens and thought leaders
can do to protect this most precious and
fundamental freedom.
Why Religious Freedom Matters
First, why religious freedom matters.
Professor Thomas Berg of the University of St.
Thomas writes that one of Americas
greatest contributions to the world has been
establishing religious freedom as both social
reality and constitutional principle. I
believe this formulation is not only
descriptive, but can also be prescriptive, and
it will form the basis of my remarks this
evening.
Religious freedom in America was social
reality before it became constitutional
principle. For nearly two centuries
before the founding of this Republic, one
religious community after another came here to
live their faith. Puritans,
Congregationalists, Roman Catholics, Jews,
Quakers, Baptists, Presbyterians, and
Methodists all found refuge on these
shores. Professor Michael McConnell of
Stanford has noted that in the years before the
Revolution, America experienced a higher degree
of religious diversity than existed anywhere
else in the world.
Religious freedom as social reality in
America has traditionally had three
dimensions. First, it has been freedom
not only of belief, but also of behavior.
Second, it has been freedom that may be
exercised publicly as well as privately.
And third, it has been freedom to act both
individually and collectively.
This robust social reality was the backdrop
for our Constitution. Americas
Founders knew that liberty necessitates limits
on government, but they were divided as to what
those limits should be. Some thought that
simply listing the powers of Congress in the
body of the Constitution was enough, that
enumeration was effectively
self-limiting. Others were more skeptical
about government power and demanded affirmative
protection for particular rights.
The skeptics won the day, and the first
right named in the Bill of Rights is the
freedom of religion. Note that the First
Amendment protects the free exercise of
religion, a phrase that had been in use for
more than a century before James Madison
incorporated it in the First Amendment.
Not a particular exercise of religion, or the
exercise of religion by a particular person, or
the exercise of religion for a particular
purpose. The Constitution protects the
free exercise of religion
itself.
Religious freedom, then, is not simply one
of many competing values, but a special and
preferred value. It is a central reason
that America exists at all. Ninety-five
percent of Americans, in fact, believe that one
of the principal reasons America was founded
was to enable people of all faiths to believe
and practice their religion.
The U.S. Supreme Court attaches the label
fundamental to the most important rights.
Fundamental rights are rights that are
protected from virtually any encroachment and
that take precedence over other interests or
values. These rights, the Court has said,
are deeply rooted in this nations
history and tradition and are implicit in the
concept of ordered liberty itself.
Religious freedom is one of these fundamental
rights.
Religious freedom, however, is not an
American invention. It is in fact the oldest
internationally recognized human right, with a
heritage going back at least to the
Reformation.
Nor is religious freedom a uniquely American
ideal. In 1948, after the horror of World
War II, numerous nations, including the United
States, signed the Universal Declaration of
Human Rights. Article 18 of that
Declaration states that every person has a
fundamental right to freedom of religion,
including freedom, either alone or in
community with others and in public or private,
to manifest his religion or belief in teaching,
practice, worship and
observance.
Here again we see the three dimensions of
truly robust religious freedom: belief and
behavior, private and public, individual and
collective. Genuine religious freedom
exists when these three dimensions are both
social reality and constitutional principle,
and are understood as
fundamental.
In 1998, Congress unanimously passed the
International Religious Freedom Act. I
was proud to support the Act, which created an
Ambassador-at-Large for International Religious
Freedom within the Department of State and
established the U.S. Commission on
International Religious Freedom. The
Ambassador submits reports to Congress each
year addressing religious freedom in other
countries. Based on these reports, the
Secretary of State may designate countries that
engage in systematic, ongoing, and egregious
violations of religious liberty as countries of
particular concern. The U.S. Commission on
International Religious Freedom also submits
independent annual reports that go into greater
depth on selected countries that in the
Commissions independent judgment deserve
greater scrutiny.
The Commission is a bipartisan, nine-member
body that investigates religious freedom around
the world and holds hearings to educate
Congress and the public about instances of
religious persecution. The
Commissions immediate past chairman,
Professor Robert George of Princeton, last year
wrote about what he called religious freedom in
its most robust sense.
Religious freedom is far more than a mere
right to worship or to believe in private, he
said, but the right to express ones
faith in public. According to Professor
George, to overcome the powerful and broad
presumption in favor of religious liberty,
political authority must meet a heavy
burden.
The Commissions current Chair,
Katrina Lantos Swett, is equally vigorous in
affirming religious freedom, and has special
links to Brigham Young University because of
her membership in The Church of Jesus Christ of
Latter-day Saints.
The social reality of religious freedom has
an additional, more practical dimension.
Americas Founders, including George
Washington, spoke about religions role
in helping to create good citizens. The
Massachusetts Constitution of 1780 similarly
declared that general happiness, good order,
and civil government all depend on piety,
religion, and morality. And the eminent
Alexis de Tocqueville, writing in the
nineteenth century, observed that Americans
across all classes and parties believed that
religion is indispensable to the maintenance of
well-functioning political
institutions.
This topic has more recently been the
subject of conferences and a growing body of
scholarship. Professor Mary Ann Glendon
of Harvard, for example, has argued
persuasively about how violence tends to be
greater in societies that suppress religious
liberty and that religious freedom correlates
with democratic longevity.
The last several American presidents have
issued proclamations each year naming a day in
January as Religious Freedom Day. These
proclamations, by presidents of both parties,
have made some of the same points I have
discussed tonight. President Bill Clinton
reminded us that religious freedom is a natural
right and is essential to our well-being and
dignity as human beings. President George
W. Bush said that religious freedom is a
cornerstone of the American republic and a
fundamental human right that contributes to
stable democracy.
I have described the history of religious
freedom in America to place in stark relief the
consequences of weakening and constricting this
freedom. A few blocks from the U.S.
Capitol in Washington, D.C. is the National
Archives, which houses the most important
documents from Americas Founding.
Reaching the main entrance requires walking
past a statute on which is inscribed the axiom
eternal vigilance is the price of
liberty. That vigilance is
necessary to ensure that religious liberty
remains both social reality and meaningful
constitutional principle.
How Religious Freedom Is Under
Attack
Unfortunately, both dimensions of religious
freedom in America are eroding. In terms
of social reality, while nearly 90 percent of
Americans say that religion is important in
their personal lives, three-quarters believe
religion is losing its influence in our
society, the highest level in nearly 60 years.
In several ways, pressure is mounting to
deprive religious freedom of its foundational
status in the cultural and political life of
our nation. For example, arguments have
been made in both the political arena and in
Americas courts that laws should not
and even may not
be based on
religious considerations.
Elder Dallin H. Oaks of the LDS Church
addressed this notion several months ago at
Utah Valley Universitys Constitutional
Symposium on Religious Freedom. The
argument against basing laws on religious
considerations goes like this: because religion
is a private rather than a public matter
or so the argument claims
the
only legitimate basis for public debate and
political decision-making is so-called public
reasons, which are defined to exclude religious
values and expression.
This view attacks all three of the
dimensions of religious freedom that I
described earlier. It insists that
religion is limited to belief, not behavior;
that religious exercise is individual, not
collective; and, especially, that religion is
something that should be conducted in private,
not in public.
Religious freedom as constitutional
principle is also under attack, in at least two
ways. The first is through a general
decline in American citizens knowledge
about our Constitution, our history and
heritage, and our form of government.
James Madison, a principal author of the
Constitution, wrote that only a well-instructed
people can permanently remain a free
people.
Citizens cannot understand, let alone
defend, what they do not know. Yet today,
poll after poll shows that Americans are
shockingly ignorant of even the most basic
matters relating to their nation and their
liberty. Author James Bovard aptly calls
this attention deficit democracy.
This general decline in Americans
knowledge about government sets the stage for
the second way in which religious freedom as a
constitutional principle is threatened.
For 150 years after Americas Founding, a
consensus existed that judges have only a
modest role in interpreting our written
Constitution. Because the Constitution
expresses the peoples will about
government power and individual rights, that
consensus maintained, only the people have
authority to change the Constitution.
But ignorance about American history, our
political system, and the requirements of
liberty has allowed a radical transformation in
the courts. Since the 1930s, presidents
have increasingly appointed judges willing to
impose their own meaning on the Constitution
rather than draw the peoples meaning
from it. I mention this because the
personal values and preferences these activist
judges have imposed have been uniformly hostile
to religion and religious freedom.
The First Amendment prohibits federal
establishment of religion and protects the free
exercise of religion. Americas
Founders viewed the Establishment Clause
narrowly and the Free Exercise Clause broadly,
a combination that allowed for robust religious
freedom and an active role for religion in
public life. Judges who have felt free to
impose their own values, however, have
consistently reversed that order, interpreting
the Establishment Clause broadly and the Free
Exercise Clause narrowly. The result has
been a continued diminishing of religious
freedom and an increasingly muted role for
religion in public life.
In a case titled Lee v. Weisman, the Supreme
Court in 1992 held that an invocation before a
public school graduation ceremony was an
establishment of religion prohibited by the
First Amendment. Such invocations had
been common throughout our history and are
still practiced in legislatures across America,
including in the U.S. Senate, where I
serve. The argument seemed to be, at
least in the public school context, that the
mere uttering of religious words in the form of
a prayer was an unconstitutional establishment
of religion.
While the Weisman decision broadened the
meaning of the Establishment Clause, a decision
two years earlier narrowed the Free Exercise
Clause. The Supreme Court had for decades
held that government action burdening religious
exercise must meet a legal standard called
strict scrutiny that requires a compelling
justification for the governments
action. Applying this standard identifies
the free exercise of religion as a fundamental
value while also allowing for some restrictions
under narrow circumstances.
An Oregon state law prohibited the use of
controlled substances, including the drug
peyote. Two Native American state
employees were fired for using peyote in their
religious ceremonies and argued that this
violated their First Amendment right to the
free exercise of their religion. The U.S.
Supreme Court disagreed, rejecting the view
that there must be religious exemptions for
laws such as Oregons controlled
substance ban. Instead, it held that any
neutral law of general applicability could
override religious freedom claims, and that the
strict scrutiny standard would apply only when
government explicitly targets religion, and in
certain other narrowly defined
contexts.
This decision, titled Employment Division v.
Smith, was deeply troubling. By
significantly narrowing the circumstances in
which religious exercise would be protected as
a fundamental value subject to strict scrutiny,
the Court significantly broadened the
circumstances in which it would be subject to
all sorts of government controls. In one
fell swoop, the Court reversed decades of
precedent, disregarded centuries of practice,
and threatened to upend religious
libertys status as a preferred value in
American society.
I knew that I had to do everything in my
power as a United States Senator to limit
Smiths effect. And so I led a
campaign to reverse the Supreme Courts
decision and restore heightened protection for
religious liberty. The culmination of
these efforts was the Religious Freedom
Restoration Act, or RFRA, which I sponsored in
the United States Senate. RFRA was the
rare bill that attracted broad, indeed nearly
unanimous, bipartisan support.
RFRAs purpose was to reinstate the
broad protection religious liberty enjoyed
prior to Smith. It said, simply and
plainly, that [g]overnment shall not
substantially burden a persons exercise
of religion even if the burden results from a
rule of general applicability.
This means government cannot pass laws or take
action that substantially impedes a
persons practice of religion, even when
the law is targeted to some other, nonreligious
purpose and affects everyone
religious
and nonreligious
equally. Nor is
there any limit on subject matter. All
government action that substantially burdens
religious liberty is prohibited, regardless of
whether it involves the environment, education,
transportation, or health care.
RFRA also contains an exception: Government
can substantially burden a persons
exercise of religion, but only if two
conditions are both met. First, the
government measure must advance a compelling
government interest. Second, it must be
the least restrictive means of advancing that
interest.
This is the so-called strict scrutiny test
that applied before the Smith decision.
In order to intrude on religious liberty,
government must have a very good reason for
doing so, and the intrusion must be necessary
to accomplish that goal. If there is an
alternative way to accomplish the same result
that does not intrude on religious liberty, the
government must take it. Put differently,
government may intrude on religious liberty
only when it has no other choice. This
restores religious freedom to its proper place
in the pantheon of values. Other values
and interests take a back seat where religious
rights are involved.
As you can see, RFRA is an incredibly
expansive statute. It applies to all
government action, and requires government to
satisfy strict conditions before it can intrude
on religious liberty.
Equally broad was the coalition that passed
RFRA. The bill passed the House of
Representatives unanimously. Think about
that
unanimously. There was not a
single dissenting vote. Even the vote to
authorize the use of military force against
al-Qaeda following 9/11 was not
unanimous. RFRA passed the Senate 97 to
3. Nearly unanimous. The day
President Clinton signed RFRA into law was one
of the proudest days of my life.
RFRA has not had an uncomplicated history in
the courts. In 1997, the Supreme Court
held that Congress lacked constitutional
authority to impose a stricter standard of
religious freedom protection on the states than
the Supreme Court had decreed in Smith.
Intervening cases have confirmed that RFRA does
restore the compelling interest test where
federal legislation is involved.
Significantly, nineteen states have adopted
state religious freedom restoration acts, and
courts in another twelve states have
accomplished the same result by construing
their state constitutions to require heightened
scrutiny of religious freedom claims.
Only four states have explicitly followed the
reasoning of the Smith decision. Thus,
while the Supreme Court narrowed the state
protections provided by RFRA, the majority of
states have followed the lead established by
Congress in passing RFRA.
RFRA was a broad law supported by a broad
coalition that recognized the laws
expansive scope. When President Clinton
signed it into law twenty years ago, there was
widespread agreement as to religious
libertys fundamental status, and the
fact that government should have to exhaust all
other possible avenues before intruding on
religious rights.
But unfortunately, times have changed.
Where once there was broad agreement, now there
is discord.
Earlier this year, in a case titled Burwell
v. Hobby Lobby Stores, the Supreme Court held
that Obamacares birth control mandate
did not sufficiently accommodate the free
exercise of religion. The plaintiffs in
the case argued that providing certain mandated
birth control products would violate their
deeply held religious beliefs regarding the
sanctity of life. In ruling for the
plaintiffs, the Court found that there were
available alternative means of accomplishing
the policy objective of providing insurance
coverage for birth control that would not force
the plaintiffs to violate their sincere, deeply
held religious beliefs.
Set against the broad backdrop of American
history, of religious freedom as both social
reality and constitutional principle, the
Courts decision was not remarkable at
all. But throughout American society, the
longstanding consensus about religious freedom
has deteriorated, and the Courts
decision has proven controversial.
As with Smith, members of Congress responded
to the Hobby Lobby decision with legislation to
overturn it. But there was a key
difference between the decisions: Smith
diminished religious freedom, whereas Hobby
Lobby secured it.
Think about that. In 1993, Congress
responded to the Smith decision that had
weakened religious freedom with legislation to
protect it. In 2014, however, a mere two
decades later, many members of Congress
including many who had voted for RFRA
responded to the Hobby Lobby decision that had
protected religious freedom with legislation to
weaken it.
Nor are these attempts to diminish religious
liberty in the wake of Hobby Lobby limited to
the specific facts of that case. Hobby
Lobby dealt with Obamacares birth
control mandate. The proposed legislative
responses to Hobby Lobby, however, sweep much
more broadly. They would exempt from
RFRAs strict scrutiny requirement not
just birth control coverage, but all federal
laws and regulations relating to health
care. Just as Smith provoked a broad
legislative response, so did Hobby Lobby.
The difference is that in 1993 there was
near-unanimity that religious liberty deserves
the highest protection, whereas now, a
significant portion of Congress believes
religious liberty deserves no particular
protection, at least where health care is
involved.
I have served in the U.S. Senate for nearly
38 years, and have been involved in developing,
negotiating, drafting, and enacting thousands
of bills. Rarely have I seen a bill that
was clearer or simpler than the Religious
Freedom Restoration Act. In 1993,
Congress was nearly unanimous that the free
exercise of religion was to continue its
preferred place in our hierarchy of
values. Just 20 years later, many of the
very Senators and Congressmen who supported
RFRA are now pushing legislation that would
render it impotent.
Another way in which religious freedom is
being pulled down from its preferred status is
by placing it in conflict with other rights,
including statutory rights. This
situation occurs, for example, when the
constitutional right to the free exercise of
ones religion is said to conflict with a
statutory right to be free from
discrimination.
The U.S. Supreme Court addressed this issue
in 2012 in a case called Hosanna-Tabor
Evangelical Lutheran Church v. EEOC. In
Hosanna-Tabor, a religious denomination argued
that its First Amendment right to determine who
would serve as its ministers created an
exception to a federal law prohibiting
employment discrimination.
Ordinarily, the proposition that statutes
must conform to the Constitution is accepted as
an obvious principle. A conflict between
the two typically comes before the courts when
a party alleges that a statute violates the
Constitution. This case, however, came to
the Supreme Court in the opposite
posture. The plaintiff employee argued,
in effect, that the Constitution violated the
statute.
The Supreme Court, thankfully, rejected this
twisted view, and instead vindicated the First
Amendment right of churches to choose their
ministers free from governmental
interference. Notwithstanding this clear
judicial victory, however, the case revealed
something very disturbing
even
offensive
about the Obama
administrations view of religious
freedom.
The administration argued that there was no
need for a special religious exception to
federal discrimination law, because all
groups religious and secular
already enjoy some level of protection under
the First Amendment freedom of
association. As the Court explained in
rejecting this remarkable
proposition, the administration wrongly
believed that, the First Amendment
analysis should be the same, whether the
association in question is the Lutheran Church,
a labor union, or a social
club.
Let that sink in for a moment. The
President of the United States was arguing that
a churchs right to select its leader
free from governmental interference was no
different from that of a scout troop, a local
Kiwanis club, or an intramural sports
team. The administration, in effect, was
asking the Court to read the Free Exercise
Clause right out of the First Amendment and
hold that a church is no different from any
other group in terms of its relation to
government. Churches, in the
administrations view, are just another
social group.
Thankfully, the Supreme Court rejected this
position unanimously, noting that the
text of the First Amendment itself
... gives special solicitude to the
rights of religious organizations.
You would think this point would have been
obvious to the President and his
lawyers.
Do not think, however, that the Obama
administration has consistently argued that
statutes trump the Constitution. Just
last year, for example, the Obama
administration argued to the Supreme Court that
the federal Defense of Marriage Act violated
the Fifth Amendments implicit guarantee
of equal protection.
Lay aside for the moment the remarkable fact
that the Obama administration chose not to
defend a duly enacted federal law. Focus
instead on this fact: It became the official
position of the United States that, on the one
hand, an implicit constitutional right trumps a
federal statute recognizing the millennia-old,
religiously rooted, traditional definition of
marriage, while on the other hand, an explicit
constitutional right to religious freedom fails
against a federal anti-discrimination
statute. It would be difficult to imagine
a more direct attack on the fundamental status
of religious liberty.
The alleged conflict between religious
liberty and anti-discrimination laws represents
another area where the former consensus
favoring religious liberty has fallen
apart. Last year I was proud to support
the Employment Non-Discrimination Act, or ENDA,
which would prohibit discrimination in hiring
and employment on the basis of sexual
orientation. The bill, which contained a
robust exemption for religious organizations,
struck the right balance between religious
liberty and a competing right. It
advanced the cause of equality by prohibiting
workplace discrimination against gays and
lesbians, but also protected the rights of
religious organizations. In this way, it
maintained religious liberty as a preferred
right.
Many LGBT advocacy groups, however, have
since withdrawn their support for ENDA
expressly because of its religious
exemption. In their view, religious
groups should be treated just like any other
groups, and the principle of equality should
trump the right to religious liberty. Far
from giving religious freedom preferred status,
these groups would subsume it beneath other
values.
We are seeing the same dynamic play out
across the country as LGBT and other advocacy
groups are increasingly opposed to religious
exemptions that even a few years ago would have
passed without conflict. I am deeply
concerned by this dynamic. From my
perspective, it appears that now these groups
believe they are winning the
argument and therefore have no need for
religious accommodations. Whereas in the
past they were willing to respect religious
freedom, now that they believe they have the
upper hand they are ready to disregard
religious liberty altogether.
The U.S. Supreme Court begins its new term
tomorrow, the first Monday in October. On
Tuesday, the Court will consider a case
presenting once again the question whether
religious freedom remains a preferred value in
American law and culture. In 2000, I
introduced
and Congress unanimously
passed the Religious Land Use and
Institutionalized Persons Act. This law
applies the same protective standard found in
RFRA to the contexts of incarceration and local
zoning practices.
In the case to be argued this week, a Muslim
prisoner in Arkansas was denied permission to
grow a half-inch beard that his faith requires,
even though the state allows prisoners to grow
beards for medical reasons. As I
described earlier, neither the First Amendment
nor the statute makes religious exercise an
absolute value. But it is a preferred
value. This case is important because it
measures whether a particular policy is the
least restrictive means available, or whether a
particular purpose is compelling. For
that reason, the Courts decision may
signal whether religious freedom remains
fundamental.
Preserving and Protecting Religious
Freedom
Tonight I have painted what seems like a
negative picture. Religious freedom in
three-fold dimension is being eroded and
weakened as both social reality and
constitutional principle. It is
increasingly viewed not as a fundamental right,
or even as a preferred value, but at best as
one of many competing interests, and at worst
as something that should be kept out of the
public square altogether. This trend not
only restricts religious liberty, but also
limits the impact faith has on
society.
I said at the outset that Professor
Bergs formulation of religious liberty
as social reality and constitutional principle
can be both descriptive and prescriptive, and I
turn now to the latter as I conclude my
remarks. The solution to the problems I
have identified is to strengthen religious
freedom as both social reality and
constitutional principle. That may sound
simplistic, but it is hardly simple.
As we have seen, it is taking mere years to
undermine and possibly destroy what took
centuries to build. I agree with
Professor Glendon of Harvard, who argues that
whether religious freedom in the future will be
a fundamental right is primarily a cultural
challenge. Professor Glendon gave the
2011 Harold J. Berman Lecture at Emory
University, and I commend it for your
consideration. In her lecture, Professor
Glendon endorsed legal and political efforts to
defend religious liberty, but also said that in
the end, success will depend even more
on the attitudes and actions of religious
believers and leaders
themselves.
I think Professor Glendon is exactly right,
and I am deeply dismayed at the way
contemporary society has come to treat
religion.
Much of this can be laid at the feet of
media. So much of what we see or hear in
movies, on the radio, and particularly on
television seems to scorn or degrade
religion. Churches and charities are
depicted as corrupt and self-indulgent.
Late-night comics treat believers as
buffoons. Reporters fawn over atheists
and agnostics who purport to speak truth
to power by belittling our religious
heritage even as they enjoy more media coverage
and a more lavish lifestyle than any parish
priest could ever hope.
When did religion become such a negative
thing? How many movies must we endure
where the villain is a priest, a pastor, or a
self-righteous zealot? One might be
excused for thinking that, based on
representations in popular media, religious
organizations are forces for evil rather than
the backbone of much that is good and generous
in our society.
Nevertheless, we cannot lay all the blame at
the feet of the media. To do so would be
to pretend that we
academics,
government leaders, journalists
are
powerless. But we are not. Even if
we cannot control what media elites
disseminate, we can work within our own spheres
of influence to remind our fellow citizens of
our shared religious heritage and the
tremendous good religion has accomplished in
our society.
First, we must be resolute against efforts
to remove our religious heritage from
educational curricula. I do not mean here
to get into the debate about whether the United
States is a Christian nation, or
similar controversies. Rather, I mean to
suggest that we should be honest with our
children about the profound
and
profoundly positive
impact that
religion had on some of our greatest
leaders. It is fashionable to question
the Christianity of George Washington, and
volumes have been written on Thomas
Jeffersons heterodoxy, but the fact
remains that nearly all of our greatest
leaders, from Washington to Lincoln to Martin
Luther King, were men of faith who found deep
strength in their religious convictions.
Our heroes were religious men. To teach
this is not to inject religion
into a place it does not belong. It is
simply to state the truth.
Remember, too, that many of our greatest
social movements, from abolition to the Civil
Rights movement of the 1960s, were led by
religious individuals motivated by religious
conviction.
Second, we must reclaim the public square as
a forum friendly for religion. Nearly
seventy years ago the Supreme Court committed
legal and historical malpractice by importing
into its early Establishment Clause
jurisprudence the false notion that our
Founders intended to wall off religion from the
public square. Myriad historians have
since proved the Courts error, but the
idea it planted has flourished into the
widespread belief that religion has no place in
school, in government, or anywhere else in the
public sphere. This is simply
wrong.
There should be room in all aspects of the
public square for affirmations of religious
devotion and recognition of the important role
religion continues to play. This does not
mean we should mandate school prayer. But
it does mean we should allow students and
government leaders to express religious views
without condemnation and without criticism that
religion is a purely private affair.
I am deeply concerned by the movement to cut
off school funding for religious groups that
require leaders to affirm the groups
religious beliefs. We should encourage,
not hamstring, students efforts to join
together with co-believers. I am
particularly concerned that some schools are
eliminating funding for religious groups even
while leaving funding for secular groups
untouched. And I call on state officials
to ensure that such schools are not using
nondiscrimination codes as a fig leaf for
getting rid of disfavored religious
groups.
Third, we must support efforts to partner
government with religious and charitable
organizations to reach underserved
populations. I believe that one of
President George W. Bushs most
important, and least heralded, initiatives was
his effort to tap into the faith
communitys ability to provide services
to poor and underprivileged communities.
President Bush recognized the tremendous work
that religious groups do to care for and
support the needy. He also recognized
that faith-based organizations can often
provide services more efficiently and
effectively than government. These efforts show
that government and religion are not
antagonists, but partners.
Fourth, we should highlight the good that
religious leaders do for our nation. We
are bombarded constantly with negative news
about religious leaders. Pastors
embezzling from their congregations, ministers
cheating on their wives, priests abusing young
worshippers. To be sure, there are bad
apples in religious groups as there are
everywhere. But the few bad apples do not spoil
the whole barrel. Wouldnt it be
nice, for a change, if among all the
unrelenting negativity there were some positive
stories about lives changed for the
better? There are awards, degrees,
honoraria, prizes to be given.
Commissions, boards, panels to be filled.
Books, papers, studies to be written.
Perhaps we could give greater thought to
religious leaders in our communities that are
deserving of such awards, or available to serve
on such commissions, where their service can be
recognized. Professional athletes and
boorish musicians receive enough
attention. Lets try to reserve
some for our upstanding religious
leaders.
Fifth, we should work harder to convince
people that religious freedom is worth
protecting, a point made by Professor
Christopher Lund at Wayne State
University. For much of American history,
we either assumed the answer or did not ask the
question at all. But the heritage that
began with social reality and became
constitutional principle will not protect
itself. Professor Lund writes that unless
we do better at explicitly making this case,
legislators will no longer enact laws such as
RFRA, judges will not properly interpret
constitutional provisions and statutes
protecting religious freedom, and religious
liberty will indeed no longer receive the
standing it deserves.
Sixth, we must affirm our own individual
faith and devotion. As community leaders,
we have the ability to reach and influence
broad audiences. By publicly affirming
our faith, we both show that faith does have a
place in the public sphere, and show community
members that their leaders place a priority on
religion. This does not mean we should
become public pastors. But it does mean
we should not be shy about our own
beliefs. By demonstrating that religion
is important to our own self-identity and
desire to serve, we show our community members
that religion is a thing of value and source of
motivation.
And who knows? Showing others how
religion has changed our lives may spark a
desire in them to seek greater devotion in
their own lives. There can be no greater
protector of religious liberty than a society
composed of individuals who actually value
religion.
Changing culture is no easy thing, and we
here in this room are too small a group to
redirect a trajectory that has gone so far off
course. But we are not the only people
dedicated to religious liberty, and concerned
that it is retreating both here in the United
States and across the world. The Pew
Forum reports that three-quarters of the
worlds population live in countries with
high government restrictions and significant
social hostilities surrounding religion, and
that level is increasing. In many places,
religious freedom has never been social reality
or constitutional principle.
Many of our neighbors and fellow community
leaders share our concerns about religious
libertys retreat. By reasserting
religious freedoms proper place we can
appeal to those who recognize the importance of
religious liberty but are unsure how to
proceed. By making the public square more
friendly for religion we can invite back into
the square those who share our convictions but
feel uncomfortable expressing those convictions
in public.
By working to make government and religion
partners once more rather than antagonists, we
can revive the view that religion is a force
for good rather than something to be swept
under the rug. And by ensuring that our
religious heritage maintains a robust role in
our educational curricula, we can ensure that
our children understand that religion helped
our heroes accomplish great things and made our
nation what it is today.
Religion may never be fashionable in the way
it once was. Our insular and insulated
media elites will work to that end. But
if we can help our young people see religion as
a force for good, they will be more inclined to
protect it and to stand up against secularists
who seek to rid religion from our history books
and banish it from our public
discourse.
A 2011 survey revealed that 90 percent of
Americans believe that religious freedom is an
inherent right that is not granted by
government. That is perhaps a slim reed,
but it is an essential belief for rebuilding
the foundation of religious freedom. The
preamble to our Constitution states that that
charter was established to secure the blessing
of liberty to ourselves and our
posterity. True religious freedom is
essential for that security.
I wish each of you Gods blessing in
seeking to advance the cause of religious
liberty, here in the United States and
throughout the world.
Home
|
Contact
Us
|
Unsubscribe
This e-mail was sent to dj724530@gmail.com
Click here to unsubscribe
Senator Orrin Hatch
104 Hart Office Building
Washington, DC 20510
Phone: (202) 224-5251
Fax: (202) 224-6331