DOCTYPE html
October 5, 2014
Congressman McHenry Weekly Update
Busy Day in Buncombe County
It was great to return home to Western North Carolina this week and get to spend some time meeting with folks in Buncombe County.
I began my day by visiting the DaVita Kidney Center in Asheville where I had the opportunity to tour the facility and meet with staff.
Asheville's DaVita facility is one of three kidney centers in the 10th District and serves patients with kidney failure.
After visiting DaVita, I headed over to Moog Music for a tour and meeting with company CEO Mike Adams.
Named for electronic music pioneer and long-time Asheville resident Robert Moog, Moog Music has been a leading producer of electronic music equipment for a number of years.
Following my tour of Moog Music, I headed over to Black Mountain for a tour of Appalachian Tool and Machine, Inc.
There I toured the facility and met with owner Eddie Frizsell who showed me around the precision machine shop he and his father originally opened in 1990.
For more photos of my visits around Asheville and across the 10th District, please
like my Facebook page
and follow me on
Instagram .
Rededicating Belmont's 'Fighting Yank' Statue
Yesterday, I had the honor of joining North Carolina Governor Pat McCrory, Belmont city officials, and numerous local veterans at a ceremony to rededicate Belmont's 'Spirit of the Fighting Yank' statue.
Constructed to honor all those who fought and lost their lives during World War II, the statue is an important memorial for our greatest generation.
Belmont's 'Fighting Yank' is one of only five in the country.
It was located at Belmont Middle School since 1946 but was moved to Stowe Park in downtown Belmont where yesterday's dedication occurred.
I was honored to be invited and want to thank the great folks in Belmont for inviting me.
You can read more about yesterday's ceremony in both the
Gaston Gazette
and
Charlotte Observer .
Below is a photo I took from the stage overlooking the crowd assembled as Governor McCrory addressed the ceremony.
One Year Anniversary of Obamacare
This week marked the first anniversary of Obamacare and the launch of Healthcare.gov.
From cancelled plans and increased premiums to the unmitigated disaster of a website, the first year of Obamacare has not been easy for many families in Western North Carolina.
Now the one year anniversary brings
more news of potential policy cancellations
due to the law's mandates as well as
questions
about how employers will handle implementation as the law's employer mandate rolls out.
With all of these new questions I want to know how, one year after its rollout, Obamacare is impacting you.
Please take a brief moment and share your story by clicking the image below:
What I Have Been Reading
Beer makers go from basements to breweries the hard way
The Asheville Citizen-Times
With the tremendous growth of the craft beer industry in the Asheville area, I enjoyed this piece from the Citizen-Times on Oscar Wong and his brewery, Highland Brewing Company.
After retiring from his career as an engineer focused on nuclear waste disposal, Oscar went on to start and grow Highland from a basement brewing operation to one of the most successful breweries in all of North Carolina and the southeast.
Tremendous feat/feet: NHL using socks produced in Conover/Long View
The Hickory Daily Record
With the start
of the National Hockey League season quickly approaching, take a minute to read this story about how a local Catawba County company is playing a big role in outfitting the players with new cut-resistant socks.
Wine From Nine
Black Mountain News
While best known for its beer, the Asheville area is also home to a number of vineyards including the up and coming Broad River Vineyard and Winery in Black Mountain.
I enjoyed this story on the time-consuming and difficult work that goes in to getting a vineyard and winery off the ground.
WASHINGTON, D.C. OFFICE
2334 Rayburn HOB
Washington, D.C. 20515
Telephone: 202.225.2576
Fax: 202.225.0316
HICKORY DISTRICT OFFICE
87 4th St. NW, Ste A, PO Box 1830
Hickory, NC 28603
Telephone: 828.327.6100
Toll-Free in NC: 800.477.2576
Fax: 828.327.8311
GASTONIA DISTRICT OFFICE
Suite 115
Gaston Co. Administrative Bldg
128 West Main Avenue
Gastonia, NC 28053
Telephone: 704.833.0096
BLACK MTN. DISTRICT OFFICE
160 Midland Avenue
Black Mountain, NC 28711
Telephone: 828.669.0600
Click Here Click Here