
If you are having trouble viewing
this message or would like to share it on a social network, you can
view the message
online .
Home
Contact Me
About
Services
News
Issues
October 19, 2014
Dear
David,
As the weather turns colder and the leaves start to turn, I'm
keeping warm by running around the district doing school visits, business
tours, and meeting with constituents. With school starting up last
month, I stopped in to read to Ms. Jensen's 1st grade class at Forest
Hills Elementary in Eden Prairie. I always enjoy interacting with the
students, teachers, and administrators at our local
schools!
On Thursday I held a Veterans Advisory Roundtable discussion to
address issues facing our veterans including education, employment, and
recent problems at the VA. A special thanks to the representatives of the
different veteran groups and the former and current service members
who attended. Please visit my website here
to see my
most recent work to help veterans .
Have a great week and
if I can be of help to you or your family, please give my office a
call. Join the conversation online by visiting my
website ,
Facebook
page ,
Twitter , and make sure
to watch my most recent video,
Erik's
Correspondence Corner .
Sincerely,
Erik Paulsen
Member of Congress
Stopping the Spread of Ebola
The spread of the Ebola
virus is of great concern with several cases being diagnosed in the
United States -- all in the Dallas area. Ebola is a highly contagious and
deadly virus that originated in West Africa and an infected individual
can spread the disease through contact with their blood or bodily
fluids.
I'm concerned with the conflicting information given
by the Center for Disease Control (CDC) and believe that the
administration should have taken more preventative actions earlier.
Also,
stronger action needs to be taken and considered now, including a
temporary ban on travel to the United States from countries afflicted with
the virus.
Groundbreaking on Final
Highway 610 Link
I recently joined the Governor, Senator
Klobuchar, and other local officials for the groundbreaking of an important
transportation project in the region. The final segment of Highway
610 that will extend to I-94 in Maple Grove has finally begun. The
completion of Highway 610 (the Crosstown of the North) is long overdue and
will allow commuters to save time, save gas and add important
convenience. A healthy transportation system is essential for economic
growth as well as improving our quality of life.
Erik tours Brittany's Place in St. Paul, a
center to help victims of sex
trafficking.
Congressman Paulsen
at the groundbreaking for the extension of Highway
610.
Erik
with Ms. Jensen's 1st grade class at Forest Hills Elementary in Eden
Prairie.
###
Unsubscribe
|
Update My
Profile
|
Privacy Policy
