
If you are having
trouble viewing this message or would like to share it on a social
network, you can
view the
message online .
About
Contact
Services
Media Center
Legislation
Issues
Resources
October 05, 2014
Friends,
It is
truly an honor to serve you in the U.S. House of Representatives.
You all sent me to Washington to be principled conservative who is
willing to work across the aisle and fight for you and your priorities.
Ive worked hard not only to hopefully exceed your expectation, but
also to make myself as accessible as possible, represent you the best
that I can, and help make life easier for you and your
families.
When Im in Washington, I work to
advance solutions that will increase economic prosperity, reduce our debt,
and bring jobs home to North Carolina. As soon as I finish attending
committee hearings and voting, I make it a priority to return home to
our district.
I am committed to serving you and our community,
and serving our community well means providing top-notch constituent
services and being accessible to hear your needs, thoughts and
concerns.
From nominating students to our prestigious military
service academies, to expediting passports, to helping folks who are having
problems with federal agencies, I believe the work I do through
constituent services and casework is the most important part of my
job.
Recently, a 95-year-old WWII veteran
contacted my office in Concord seeking help dealing with the
Department of Veterans Affairs (VA). The veteran had been waiting several
months for a decision to be made on his claim. My staff was able to work
directly with the VA to have the decision expedited and get this veteran
what he truly deserved.
This is
just one example of the hard work my office does on behalf of North
Carolinas Eighth Congressional District.
Rest assured, my staff
and I stand ready to serve the needs of our community, to help you
cut through the red tape that often gets tangled around our federal
agencies and to provide you unique
opportunities.
What can we help you with?
Were here to serve you!
Help
with a Federal Agency : If you can't get an answer from a federal
agency in a timely fashion, or if you feel you have been treated
unfairly, my offices in North Carolina may be able to help. Here is a brief
list of examples that involve government agencies and
programs:
IRS and tax matters
Social Security
and Medicare benefits
Passport
services
Immigration matters
Veterans
benefits
Federal worker injury
compensation
Student loans
Service
Academy Nominations : If youre a high school student and would
like to be nominated to one of our nations service academies, contact my
office in Concord to go through the application process. Applications
are due October 31, 2014.
Tours of
Washington : If youd like to visit our nations capital, please
reach out to my Washington, DC office to arrange a tour of the U.S.
Capitol and other national attractions. While youre in Washington, be sure
to stop by your office that I work in
429 Cannon House Office
Building!
Flags : You can purchase an
American flag through my Washington, DC office, and you may also request
that your flag be flown over the U.S. Capitol. Flags can be flown for
a specific person or event on a specific date with enough advance
notice.
Internship opportunities :
Internships are an excellent opportunity for students interested in
pursuing a career in politics or government. Internships are offered in my
offices in Washington, DC Concord, and Rockingham. Our interns help
staff with a variety of duties, and are involved in many educational
opportunities in Congress.
When I was first elected
to Congress, I promised to be accessible to our community and provide
superior constituent services, and
I remain committed to
serving your interests and helping make life better for you and your
families.
Again, please dont hesitate to contact my offices at
704-786-1612 (Concord); 910-997-2070 (Rockingham); or 202-225-3715
(Washington, DC); if we can help you in any
way.
Until next
week,
Richard
Hudson
Member of Congress (NC-08)
Concord Office
325 McGill Ave,
NW
Suite 500
Concord, NC 28027
Phone: (704) 7861612
Rockingham Office
1015 Fayetteville
Rd
Rockingham, NC 28379
Phone: (910) 9972070
Washington D.C. Office
429 Cannon
HOB
Washington, DC 20515
Phone: (202) 2253715
Unsubscribe
|
Update My Profile
|
Privacy Policy
gateway mail end 