
If you are having trouble viewing this message or would like
to share it on a social network, you can
view the message online .
HOME
ABOUT ME
CONSTITUENT SERVICES
NEWS
CONTACT
Dear Friends,
As Ive been traveling
through the First District in recent days, Ive heard quite a bit of
frustration from folks about the lack of action coming out of
Washington, and the effect of that uncertainty on our local communities and
small businesses.
As I have said consistently, I am adamant
that Congress be in session and that it act to accomplish the work the
people of this country want their elected officials to get done. Too
much remains unfinished. We must return to a regular budget order, with
regular, responsible adoption of budget resolutions and appropriations
bills. We must come together to pass a final version of a Fiscal Year
2015 National Defense Authorization Act so that our men and women in
uniform can have some certainty about their missions and resources. We
also must replace our tax code with a modernized one that encourages
savings, investment, and economic growth.
There are
additionally a number of jobs bills that have passed the House of
Representatives but are lying untouched in the Senate. Just a few weeks ago, I
supported H.R. 4, the Jobs for America Act, a package of bills to
facilitate economic growth and job creation. This legislation would repeal
the 30-hours-per-week definition of a full-time employee enacted in the
Affordable Care Act, which is having a significant negative impact on
our small businesses. H.R. 4 also included provisions to improve the
environment for businesses to gain access to capital, as well as to
promote economic growth through regulatory reform. These are commonsense
reforms which can truly help our small businesses operate and grow.
These businesses are the bedrock of our economy
and of our
communities
and we must be doing all we can to help them so that they can in
turn help get America back to work.
Another piece of
legislation that I voted for last week would also contribute to job creation.
H.R. 2, the American Energy Solutions for Lower Costs and More
American Jobs Act, included a number of provisions that would create jobs,
increase domestic energy production, and improve American energy
independence. Too often, our domestic energy industry finds itself
encumbered by strict, unnecessary regulations that slow down the process for
exploring and developing energy both onshore and offshore. I strongly
believe that we can increase American energy production in a safe,
environmentally responsible way, and H.R. 2 would achieve that and help get
a number of Americans back to work along the way.
I hope
to see many of you as I visit communities and businesses in the First
District. Please rest assured that I take your thoughts and ideas very
seriously, and that I am fully committed to working together with you
and my colleagues in Washington to pursue solutions to the challenges
facing our nation. I truly appreciate the comments and feedback Ive
heard from many of you, whether in person, over the telephone, or
online. Please keep your thoughts and ideas coming.
The main
streets of Virginias First District are full of ideas to get our economy
back on track, and your feedback is critically important to me as I
serve you. I can be reached by telephone at (202) 225-4261, through my
website ( www.wittman.house.gov ), on Facebook ( www.facebook.com/reprobwittman ), and via Twitter
( www.twitter.com/robwittman ).
Share on
Facebook
Share on Twitter
Offices
Yorktown
Office
401 Main Street
Yorktown, VA 23690
Phone: (757) 874-6687
Fax: (757) 874-7164
View Google
Directions
Stafford Office
95 Dunn Drive
Ste. 201
Stafford, Virginia
22556
Phone: (540) 659-2734
Fax: (540) 659-2737
View Google
Directions
Tappahannock Office
508 Church Lane
Tappahannock, VA 22560
Phone: (804) 443-0668
Fax:
(804) 443-0671
View Google
Directions
Washington D.C. Office
2454 Rayburn H.O.B.
Washington, DC 20515
Phone: (202) 225-4261
Fax: (202) 225-4382
View Google
Directions
Unsubscribe
|
Update My Profile
|
Privacy Policy
gateway mail end
