DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.0 Transitional//EN" "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml1/DTD/xhtml1-transitional.dtd"
If you are having trouble reading this email,
please view the web version .
Get the Facts About Ebola
With news that a man in Dallas was diagnosed with Ebola, it is even more important that people know the facts about the disease and know what is being done to prevent an outbreak here in the U.S. Yesterday evening, I spoke with Centers for Disease Control Director Dr. Tom Frieden. The CDC is working hard to make sure that anyone who came into contact with the patient is monitored and cared for should they come down with Ebola.
Community Health Center Award
On Saturday, while attending La Comunidad Hispanas health festival in Kennett Square, I was presented with the Pennsylvania Association of Community Health Centers Distinguished Community Health Defender Award for 2014. Community Health Centers provide essential health services that help everyone in our community get access to care that saves lives and improves the quality of life. Locally, La Comunidad Hispana is doing an excellent job of keeping people in our area healthy and I want to thank them for the hard work they are doing.
Healthcare.gov At One Year: More Cancellations, Higher Costs
Its been just over a year since the Obamacare health care exchanges opened up, frustrating millions of Americans with a broken website. According to the
Washington Post , insurers will have to cancel many plans that dont meet the laws requirements. Meanwhile,
CNBC
reports on a new lawsuit seeking information about how much plans will cost in Missouri. Astonishingly, the lawsuit is led by a former Obama administration official. Finally, the
Government Accountability Office
has concluded that the administration cannot legally bailout insurance companies without an appropriation from Congress.
How Republicans Will Lead on the Economy
Speaker John Boehner recently talked about five specific ways House Republicans are going to work to reinvigorate our economy for all Americans. He talked about the need to fix our tax code, solve our spending problem, reform our legal system, rein in our regulatory system, and improve our education system. For more on the specific ways the House has been working to fix these problems,
WATCH
the Speakers recent address at the American Enterprise Institute.
Op-ed of the Week: The Facts About Ebola
We cant help but recall images from movies when we think of the very real Ebola outbreak. But right now, the most important thing is to get the facts about what Ebola really is, what is going on in Africa and what is being done here in the U.S. to prevent spread of the disease. READ MORE
Facebook
Podcast
Tell Joe Your Opinion
Issues
The 16th District
Ask Joe For Help
The Government
Legislation
Press
About Joe Pitts
Photo Gallery
Please feel free to
forward this email to your friends and family .
Recent Videos
Stopping Illicit Steroids
Rep. Pitts discusses his bill to prevent designer anabolic steroids from being sold on the market as supplements.
Lancaster Elks Lodge Celebrates 125 Years
Rep. Pitts honors the Lancaster Elks Lodge on their 125th anniversary.
Washington, D.C. Office
420 Cannon House Office Building
Washington, DC 20515
(1st Street and Independence Avenue)
202-225-2411
202-225-2013 (fax)
Chester County Office
Post Office Box 837
Unionville, PA 19375
(Routes 82 and 926)
610-444-4581
610-444-5750 (fax)
Lancaster Office
150 North Queen Street
Suite 716 (7th floor)
Lancaster, PA 17603
717-393-0667
717-393-0924 (fax)
Click Here Click Here