
Looking Back on the 113th Congress
Tuesday, October 14, 2014
Fighting Ebola
Photo by Mike Rosen, House Homeland Security Committee
On Friday I participated in the House Homeland Security Committee field hearing at Dallas/Fort Worth International Airport on developing a response to the Ebola virus and establishing coordination between federal, state, and local officials in fighting the spread of this horrible disease.
My thoughts and prayers go to all who have fallen ill, as well as those professionals who are risking their lives to fight the disease.
During this hearing I raised my concerns over if there are enough steps currently being taken to protect the American people, and asked if the current screening processes are enough to identify those who may already be infected.
I also voiced my support for enhanced screening processes at our airports as well as possible follow up screenings for those coming from areas known to have cases of Ebola.
It is important that we take all the necessary steps to keep our citizens safe and that our public health officials do whatever is necessary to regain public trust.
Holding Our Government Accountable
Photo Courtesy of the House Oversight and Government Reform Committee, Subcommittee Subcommittee on Federal Workforce, US Postal Service &amp; The Census
The 113th Congressional Committee on Oversight and Government Reform worked hard the past two years for you, the American taxpayer, to make sure your hard earned tax dollars are not being wasted.
I am pleased to report to you that we saw many achievements.
I was an original co-sponsor of H.R. 4197, the All Circuit Review Extension Act. The President signed this bill into law on September 26, 2014. This legislation extends a part of the Whistle Blower Protection Act that allows for federal whistleblower appeals to be made outside of the Federal Circuit for an additional three years past the Acts original expiration date.
Whistleblowers are a vital asset to congressional oversight, and every day they jeopardize their careers to help expose fraud and abuse in the federal government. As a government watchdog I believe that it is important we provide whistleblowers with every possible protection from retaliation.
My Time on the Transportation and Infrastructure Committee
Our district is home to five ports and a portion of the Gulf Coast Waterway.
It has been estimated that Texas waterways will transport over 766 million tons of cargo by 2030. This is why I am glad the President signed into law H.R.3080, the Water Resources Reform and Development Act (WRRDA). I co-sponsored and provided language in this legislation that expands an Army Corps assessment of the operation and maintenance needs of the entire Gulf Intracostal Waterway System.
This legislation will better our ports while cutting red tape, growing the economy, and saving taxpayer dollars by eliminating government waste. Specifically, projects relating to this legislation that help improve our transportation infrastructure and networks will add almost one million jobs to the Texas economy.
Also, Texas is home to three ports designated by the Department of Defense as strategic military ports.
WRRDA contains investments in these ports to strengthen our national defense.
WRRDA will help put Texans on a path toward prosperity by creating more jobs, increasing our nations competitiveness, and promoting economic growth.
I also held meetings with federal, state, and local officials emphasizing the need for funding for the Harbor Bridge project, as well funding for Highway 69 renovations.
These projects are critical to our district because not only will they help you in your everyday travels, but they will also strengthen our transportation infrastructure and help our economy grow.
My Work in the House Judiciary Committee
I helped introduce and co-sponsored two important pieces of legislation to help solve the ever increasing problem of abusive patent litigation. Both H.R. 2639, the Patent Litigation and Innovation Act, and H.R. 3309, the Innovation Act, together work to protect innovators, consumers, and end users from patent assertion entities or patent trolls who try to collect licensing fees they are not entitled to.
I also sent a letter to the Federal Trade Commission (FTC) urging them to investigate the practices of these patent trolls.
I also recently introduced H.R. 5586, the You Own Devices Act (YODA). This legislation essentially means that if you want to sell, lease, or trade your electronic device, the software that allows the device to function will be transferred along with the device.
This legislation would allow us to truly own the devices we buy and keep the software on these devices from becoming an impediment to transferring ownership of the devices we already own.
CONNECT
LATEST NEWS
Rep. Farenthold on how the WH is handling Ebola
Fox News
Tax lawmakers call for extra Ebola screenings at Houston Airports
Fox Business
Lawmakers file brief in support of whistleblower
Federal Soup
Lawmakers in U.S. oil heartland soften over export ban
Hellenic Shipping News
Rep. Farenthold Slams Ebola Airport Screening Plan
Newsmax
Why wouldn't we want to help our nation's wounded warriors?
Federal Times
Rep. Farenthold visits MEHOP
Bay City Tribune
SNAPSHOTS
10/12- I appeared on Fox News to discuss my concerns with the Administration's response to the Ebola crisis.
10/7- My Field Representatives Luis Buentello and Rene Coronado attended a local meeting of active citizens at the Corpus Christi Coffee Club to present a US flag and promote our weekly Veterans Round Table.
10/7- My Field Representative Luis Buentello attended a Ribbon Cutting Ceremony on my behalf for Cathy Hitchman, LMT, at the Rockport-Fulton Chamber of Commerce.
10/7- Carol Wootton, my Field Representative, presented a Certificate of Special Congressional Recognition to Art and Sharon Schulz, founders of the 20th Century Technology Museum in Wharton.
10/6- Will Joseph, my Field Representative, presented Realtor Shelly with a Certificate of Congressional Recognition for being awarded the Community Builder Award by the Masonic Fraternity.
WEBSITE
|
UNSUBSCRIBE
|
CONTACT
Click Here Click Here