
Saturday, October 11, 2014
WEBSITE
|
FORWARD TO A FRIEND
| SHARE ON:
Congressional Report
Dear Friends,
Please take a moment to read my latest updates from this past week.
It was a pleasure meeting with many of you across the 28th District of Texas.
For the latest updates, make sure you are following me on
my Facebook page
or on
my Twitter page .
Trade Round Table with Small Businesses in San Antonio
Congressman Cuellar hosted a small business round table focused on U.S. trade policy at the San Antonio Chamber of Commerce.
In South Texas, we know that trade is the lifeblood of our economy, supporting thousands of jobs and millions of dollars in economic impact. In 2013 U.S. goods and services exports supported an estimated 11.3 million jobs.
This Monday, I hosted a round table discussion with United States Trade Representative Ambassador Michael Froman, the top U.S. official handling trade, and the San Antonio Chamber of Commerce.
We were joined by a group of small businesses operating in the San Antonio and Laredo areas as well as the Mayor of San Antonio, Ivy Taylor.
The event was an excellent opportunity for San Antonio businesses to discuss ways to expand trade opportunities for American businesses with the Administrations top trade official.
For more information on the round table,
read my full press release here.
Spirit of Enterprise Award at Laredo Chamber of Commerce
Congressman Cuellar accepts the Spirit of Enterprise Award in Laredo, presented by the U.S. Chamber of Commerce to lawmakers based on their record of key business votes.
This week in Laredo, I accepted the Spirit of Enterprise Award, presented by the U.S. Chamber of Commerce based on their record of key business votes.
Our quality of life depends greatly on maintaining healthy and diverse economies.
This is the eighth time I have received the Spirit of Enterprise Award.
In 2013, I was one of only seven Democratic Congressmen and the only Texas Democrat to receive the award. I thank the U.S. Chamber of Commerce for recognizing the efforts I have made in Congress to improve and promote business and for presenting me with the Spirit of Enterprise Award.
Jobs Tour of San Antonio Grand Hyatt
Congressman Cuellar met with employees at the Grande Hyatt San Antonio to discuss their operations and how they are affected by federal policy.
This week, I participated in a jobs tour of the Grand Hyatt San Antonio to hear directly from employees how boosting trade, travel, and tourism will foster economic growth in the San Antonio area.
I had the opportunity today to speak to the men and women who are the heart of the Grand Hyatt San Antonio
the individuals who show up every day to work hard and achieve the American Dream.
Texas attracts people from around the country and all over the world. Congress must continue to do all it can to support the industry and ensure that travel and tourism remain a top priority.
For more information,
click here to read the full press release .
Texas Rehab Action Network "Legislator of the Year" Award
UTSA political science major Jose Rangel interned at Congressman Cuellars San Antonio District Office this past summer.
Thank you to the Texas Rehab Action Network for naming me Legislator of the Year this year!
My congressional office in San Antonio partnered recently with the Division of Blind Services so that, Jose Rangel, a student majoring in political science at the University of Texas at San Antonio (UTSA), could complete his college internship hours with the University of Texas at San Antonio.
Persons with disabilities contribute greatly to our workforce and I strongly believe that everyone should be able to participate equally in the business community.
Click here to read the full press release .
National Night Out Events across TX28
Every year on National Night Out, we pause to thank the dedicated law enforcement officers who work every day to keep our community safe.
My staff attended National Night Out events across #TX28 to recognize determination and commitment of these men and women.
Thank you for all that you do!
My staff attended events across the 28th District of Texas for National Night Out, where they met with law enforcement officers and thanked them for their service to the community.
Sincerely,
CONNECT
LATEST NEWS MENTIONS
10/07/14, KGNS:
"Cuellar named Legislator of the Year by Texas Rehab Action Network"
10/07/14, El Maana:
"Benefican con seguro a 6 mil"
10/06/14, San Antonio Business Journal:
"San Antonio can improve its export opportunities, U.S. Trade Representative says"
10/06/14, San Antonio Express News:
"Texas leads nation with record export numbers"
10/06/14, KSAT:
"Congressman: SA boom area for job growth and exports"
10/06/14, San Antonio Express News,
"Cuellar: from migrant family to growing clout in Congress"
Neighborhood Office Hours
Tuesday, October 14th
Elmendorf City Hall
203 Bexar Ave
9:30am-10am
Elmendorf, TX
Floresville City Hall
1120 D Street
10:30am-12pm
Floresville, TX
Encinal City Hall
107 N. Tejas
3pm-4pm
Encinal, TX
La Grulla City Hall Conf. Room
2 1/2 Miles South Farm Rd 2360
8am-9am
La Grulla, TX
Rio Grande City City Hall
101 Washington St
10am-11:30am
Rio Grande City, TX
Escobares City Hall
4851 East Hwy 83
1:30pm-2:30pm
Escobares, TX
Roma Community Center
502 6th St
3pm-4pm
Roma, TX
Thursday, October 16th
Converse City Hall
403 Seguin
9am-10am
Converse, TX
China Grove
(Call for appt)
210-271-2851
10:30am-11:30am
China Grove, TX
Open to San Antonio
Have a question about neighborhood office hours?
Call my toll free number at 877-780-0028
NOTE: Please DO NOT respond to this email as this inbox is unattended. To contact my office please
click here
UPDATE SUBSCRIPTION OPTIONS
|
PRIVACY POLICY
|
CONTACT US
Click Here Click Here