
If you are having trouble
viewing this message or would like to share it on a social network, you can
view the message
online .
Home
Contact Me
About
Services
News
Issues
September 28, 2014
Dear
David,
Here's a quick rundown of my recent activities:
Last
week a special Joint Session of Congress took place to hear from
Ukrainian President Petro Poroshenko about the current conflict in the
eastern part of his country with Russia.
On Tuesday, I
spoke with Kare 11
about the disturbing
allegations that delays at the Minneapolis VA may have led to the death of a
marine needing care for epilepsy. It also appears that records may have
been altered after his death, which is why I have called for the
Inspector General to look into these allegations. If anybody at the VA was
ordering the falsifying of records and appointments, they need to be
held accountable.
Make sure you listen to
my conversation with WCCO's Dave Lee
as I talked about a number
of issues like ISIL and the Middle East, the medical device tax, and
tax reform.
Lastly, I'm happy to report that important
anti-sex trafficking legislation
I authored
has also
passed the Senate and is on its way to the President to be signed into
law. The legislation would improve data and law enforcement reporting
to protect children most at risk of being exploited.
As
always, please feel free to contact me if I can assist you or your family
in any way. And of course, join the conversation online by visiting
my
website ,
Facebook
page,
Twitter , and don't forget to
watch my weekly video,
Erik's Correspondence
Corner .
Sincerely,
Erik Paulsen
Member of Congress
Repealing the Medical Device
Tax
The medical device tax continues to harm our economy in
Minnesota and around the country -- costing 33,000 jobs already -- and
studies predict it will cost another 132,000 jobs in the future. Eighty
percent of medical device companies are small businesses that
provide well-paying jobs and create life-saving and life-improving
technologies for patients. The good news is that last week, my
legislation to repeal the device tax passed the House in a bipartisan vote.
Here is a video of me speaking on the
floor .
Guardian of Small Business Award
I
am honored to recently receive the 'Guardian of Small Business Award'
from the National Federation of Independent Businesses. Small
businesses are the engine of our economy and are responsible for creating 3
out of every 4 new jobs. Not many people realize it, but it's getting
more and more difficult for entrepreneurs and new startup companies to
obtain the financing to invest in their idea, or work through a growing
maze of excessive and onerous regulations. I'm committed to creating
a healthier economy by helping our small businesses thrive and
expand.
Congressman Paulsen touring GLS Companies in Brooklyn
Park.
Erik is recognized for being a 'Guardian of Small
Business.'
Congressman Paulsen discussing opportunities to expand exports and trade at a
roundtable
event.
###
Unsubscribe
|
Update My Profile
|
Privacy
Policy
