DOCTYPE html
October 12, 2014
Congressman McHenry Weekly Update
Meeting With Constituents in Lincoln County
Last Friday, I had the pleasure of spending the day meeting with constituents across Lincoln County.
I began my day by joining State Representative Jason Saine, Sheriff David Carpenter, Lincolnton Mayor John Gilleland, and other local elected officials for a town hall meeting at the Lincoln County Senior Center.
This annual event provides a great opportunity to address our local senior community and hear what issues they are most concerned about.
The
Lincoln Times-News
provided a helpful recap of the event.
After the Lincoln County Senior Center town hall, I visited with employees of First Federal Savings Bank in Lincolnton.
It was important to hear directly from them the difficulties faced by small community banks.
These institutions are hugely important for small communities like those throughout the 10th District as they provide much-needed banking services.
My final stop of the day was at Lincoln County's newest park, the Rock Springs Nature Preserve in Denver.
Due to votes on the House floor, I was unable to attend the park's dedication in June so this was my first visit to the new facility.
It is a beautiful park and a great addition for all of Lincoln County.
Busy Day in Gaston County
Monday I was back in my hometown of Gastonia for a busy day of events.
I began the day by touring Least of These Gaston Inc., which works to serve Gaston County's foster children and their families.
Their mission is to serve the physical, emotional, and spiritual needs of foster children with the assistance of numerous Gaston County churches and businesses.
Thanks to Executive Director Susanna Kavanaugh for taking time out of her busy day to show me around their facility and discuss their important work.
Later that afternoon, I visited Dreamweavers Unlimited, Inc.
Dreamweavers serves Gaston County children and adults with disabilities or developmental delays.
Among the courses they offer are speech and music therapy classes.
During my visit, I was able to observe one such music therapy class.
Following my stops in Gastonia, I headed over to Lowell to present a grant check to the Lowell Volunteer Fire Department.
The department received a grant check for over $190,000 that will be used to purchase new airpacks for the firefighters.
Congratulations to Lowell Fire Chief Scott Moore and the entire department on earning this grant.
They do great work keeping the Lowell community safe.
Spending Time in Cherryville &amp; Boiling Springs
Later in the week, I was back in Gaston County for a pair of tours in Cherryville.
I started the day by touring Peak Resources' brand-new facility.
Peak provides the Cherryville community with adult rehabilitation and healthcare services.
While there I toured the facility and met with staff and residents.
My next stop in Cherryville was a tour of Farris Fab &amp; Machine.
The company started in 1979 and now has three locations providing fabrication services for businesses throughout the southeast.
I was given a tour of their facility and saw many of the tools and processes used to support their orders.
It is always great to see a family-owned that has grown from four employees to now be a leader throughout the region.
After the tour, I headed over to Cleveland County to visit the campus of Gardner -Webb University in Boiling Springs.
While there I met with University President Dr. Frank Bonner to discuss the school's College of Health Sciences and other campus developments.
After meeting with Dr. Bonner, I was given a tour of Gardner-Webb's new College of Health Sciences Building.
The University is currently renovating the old Crawley Memorial Hospital which will eventually house the nursing school and other allied health programs.
It is a significant addition to Gardner-Webb and great they are able to put the old Crawley Memorial to good use.
For additional photos from my visits across the 10th District, please
like my Facebook page
and
follow me on Instagram .
What I Have Been Reading
Restaurant owner celebrates 25 years in America
The Gaston Gazette
When in Lincolnton, one of my favorite places to grab lunch or dinner is Court Street Grille downtown.
This week, I enjoyed this feature on Osama Yousef, the owner of Court Street Grille.
It is an amazing story of the American Dream as he immigrated to our country, got married, settled in Western North Carolina, and he started his own business.
Area breweries win medals at GABF
The Asheville Citizen Times
Congratulations to three Western North Carolina breweries, including two in Buncombe County,
that won medals at this year's Great American Beer Festival in Denver.
Asheville's Wicked Weed Brewing earned the gold medal for their beer Mampara.
Pisgah Brewing, which is based in Black Mountain, also earned gold winning for their beer Chocolatized.
Hog Happnin' set to return for 23rd year
The Shelby Star
Good article on one of Cleveland County's premiere annual charity events, Hog Happnin'.
Returning for its 23rd consecutive year, Hog Happnin' brings nearly 100 competitors to Shelby for a barbecue cook-off.
This year's competition will take place Halloween weekend and, best of all, the event will again be supporting charities that aid children throughout Cleveland County.
WASHINGTON, D.C. OFFICE
2334 Rayburn HOB
Washington, D.C. 20515
Telephone: 202.225.2576
Fax: 202.225.0316
HICKORY DISTRICT OFFICE
87 4th St. NW, Ste A, PO Box 1830
Hickory, NC 28603
Telephone: 828.327.6100
Toll-Free in NC: 800.477.2576
Fax: 828.327.8311
GASTONIA DISTRICT OFFICE
Suite 115
Gaston Co. Administrative Bldg
128 West Main Avenue
Gastonia, NC 28053
Telephone: 704.833.0096
BLACK MTN. DISTRICT OFFICE
160 Midland Avenue
Black Mountain, NC 28711
Telephone: 828.669.0600
Click Here Click Here