
If you are having
trouble viewing this message or would like to share it on a social network,
you can
view the
message online .
HOME
HOW CAN DAVID HELP?
ISSUES
NEWSROOM
LEGISLATION
ABOUT DAVID
CONTACT
DAVID
Securing
the Home Front
An Interview with Nathan
Cobb
By Michelle Hugo
It is easy to focus on the main areas of conflict during wars.
The home front during the Vietnam War may be described incorrectly by
the uninformed as dull, boring, or uneventful.
The slow
and uninteresting places lay witness to the most patriotic and
loyal men, such as Nate Cobb.
Authors, poets, and artists may focus
on the horror and experiences of war, but by overlooking these
protectors of the allied countries, and states, they are by happenstance
surpassing many incredible heroes.
Mr. Cobb, who trained patiently
and was ready to fight for his country, also needs recognition.
His loyalty to his country was evident as he aided in the installation
of precautions that would help prevent additional conflicts.
Mr.
Cobb invested himself in challenging and tedious training that aimed
to protect the lives of his fellow Americans.
Not many men would
be willing to persist through such diligence and not see the results
of their own work, but not many men have the tenacity of Nate
Cobb.
Mr. Cobbs
military endeavor all began in high school when he began to witness his
friends and acquaintances called upon by the draft.
Once drafted,
there was no way to choose which branch one would serve.
Mr.
Cobb, upon college graduation, was in the 1A category but had the good
fortune to get ahead of the game.
Fortunately he consulted a
friend, Mr. Bob Murray, (USNR-R) a Korean War Navy Pilot, concerning the
matter.
Bob Murray advised him to talk to the recruiters that were
scheduled to visit his school, Mankato (MN) State College.
The
recruiters were happy to indulge Mr. Cobbs interest in flight school
and were willing to work with him so he could graduate with a BA degree
in Business and Mathematics.
Mr. Cobb officially enlisted in the Navy in 1963 for
flight training.
While his wife was not terribly eager to see him
go, she understood and supported him.
His basic pre-flight
training began in October of 1963 with the Marines in Pensacola,
Florida.
Once pre-flight was complete, he was commissioned as an Ensign
(USNR) and entered flight school at NAS Saufley Field and Whiting
Field, with completion at NAS Corpus Christi, Texas.
Throughout his
training, he experienced a range of airplanes, from the T-34 to the
wonderful T-28 and S-2.
The T-28 was by far Mr. Cobbs favorite
training experience.
The T-28 re-enforced his love affair with
flying; its power and handling were a huge quantum step up from the
T-34.
His training consisted of many levels, including basic
maneuvers, radio instruments, formations, gunnery, and navigation flying.
Mr. Cobbs persistent hard work in training paid off when he was
awarded his wings in May of 1965.
Before Mr. Cobb could begin his tour, he was put
through tactical training at NAS Norfolk, Virginia, and operational
training at NAS Jacksonville, Florida.
Finally on November 1, 1965, he
was stationed at NAS Brunswick, Maine, and placed in Patrol Squadron
23 (VP23).
During most of his three-year tour he was stationed in
Maine and conducted surveillance from there.
VP23s main job
was to combat submarine warfare and maintain shipping
surveillance.
Mr. Cobb was constantly vigilant for vessels moving through the
water.
When he saw a ship he would fly right down to its location,
locate its registration number, and take a picture of it.
After
radioing in this information, he was sent to the approximate location
of another ship.
All the information he diligently took note of
was sent to the air wing unit and verified to make sure all was in
order and to ensure there was no suspicious activity.
Mr. Cobbs main focus
points were Russian ships, military vessels, and submarines.
If any
of these were spotted, Mr. Cobb would make a special note and the
information gathered was sent to the operational control center where it
was deciphered and recorded.
His persistent work and effort laid
the groundwork for the safety of the United States.
Without men
like Mr. Cobb, who spent countless hours flying and checking on any and
all ships, there would have been no way to track suspicious
behavior.
Naval Air
Station (NAS) Brunswick, Maine, may have been the central location for
VP23, but they were also deployed to alternate locations.
In the
beginning of 1966 Mr. Cobbs squadron was deployed to the Caribbean
where they tracked shipments coming in and out.
Most likely they
were sent there to keep an eye on Cuba, who was still in the midst of
trading with the Soviet Union.
Following their return from this
endeavor they were sent to the Mediterranean, specifically Sicily,
Spain, and Crete for six months.
There they again charted and logged
the activities they witnessed.
They would fly all the way to
Crete, but beyond that was specifically Air Force territory.
The
Air Force was responsible for everything east of Crete, including the
Middle East.
Therefore, even though Mr. Cobb served during the
heat of the Vietnam War, he was never asked to serve in Southeast Asia
because of the mission assignment of the naval planes.
After his
six months in Sicily he returned to Maine, to be deployed again in
April of 1968 back to Sicily where he served until being discharged in
October 1968.
Mr. Cobb
stayed in the Naval Reserve for the next 16 years but returned home to
Minnesota with his wife and two young children, where they lived as a
family.
His military experience and love of flying prompted him
to pursue being an airline pilot for Northwest Airlines.
Mr.
Cobb retired as a Commander from the Navy Reserve in 1983 and never
regrets a moment of his service.
He protected our country during a
time when it was in desperate need of protection.
The service he
provided was intrinsic to the well-being of our nation and allowed the
United States to protect its home front while at war in Southeast
Asia.
Michelle
Hugo
comes from South African but she has made Arizona her home in every
way--including becoming an American citizen. She has interviewed 6
veterans in her three years in the program.
In the Cactus Shadows
Chapter of VHP, she led as Vice President last year and currently helps
the club shine as its elected President in 2014.
Last year she
traveled to England and France in the footsteps of the Normandy
invasion and won the Caitlin Campbell Travel Award for her passion to bring
international justice to the world. Caitlin was in VHP for 4 years and
we miss her in ways we can't express.
Michelle will honor
Caitlin's legacy with distinction.
Scottsdale District Office
10603 North Hayden Rd., Ste. 108
Scottsdale, AZ 85260
Phone: (480) 946-2411
Fax: (480) 946-2446
Washington D.C. Office
1205 Longworth HOB
Washington, DC
20515
Phone: (202) 225-2190
Fax: (202) 225-0096
Unsubscribe
|
Update My
Profile
|
Privacy
Policy
