
If you are having trouble viewing this
message or would like to share it on a social network, you can
view the message online .
About
Contact
Services
Media Center
Legislation
Issues
Resources
October 05, 2014
Congressman Pittenger - Top 6 in Committee
Attendance
Congressman Pittenger is a Member of the House Committee on Financial
Services , as well as the Monetary Policy and Trade and the Financial
Institutions and Consumer Credit
Subcommittees.
According to a new analysis by
Washington Examiner
Senior Watchdog Reporter Luke Rosiak,
I am among the Top
6 in Congress (out of 435 Members) for attendance at Congressional
committee meetings, where the nuts-and-bolts work of Congress gets
done :
The
Examiner
analyzed 1,000 committee and subcommittee hearing minutes published by the
Government Printing Office for the present Congress.
Among members with the best attendance record is Rep.
John Conyers Jr., D-Mich., who missed only one of 39 House Judiciary
Committee hearings this session.
Only
five other House members had rates as good as or better than
Conyers:
Democrat Al Green of Texas and Republicans Andy Barr of Kentucky,
Bill Huizenga of Michigan, Scott Garrett of New Jersey and Robert
Pittenger of North Carolina.
Dozens of
members of the U.S. House of Representatives have missed two-thirds of
this sessions committee meetings, where much of the nuts-and-bolts work
of Congress gets done.
Committee meetings are
often tedious, but they are where the real work of creating and refining
legislation takes place.
As your Representative in
Washington, I am focused on serving you and putting in the hours necessary
to produce legislation which helps grow the economy, create jobs, and
reduce unnecessary red tape.
Currently, I serve on
the House Committee on Financial Services, including responsibilities
on the Financial Institutions and Consumer Credit Subcommittee, as
well as the Monetary Policy and Trade Subcommittee.
As Chairman of
the Congressional Task Force on Terrorism and Unconventional Warfare,
I spend many hours meeting with allies and other world leaders, as
well as intelligence experts and analysts, to monitor threats to our
communities and forge stronger relationships in the fight against
terrorism.
Speaker John Boehner has also appointed me to the
Congressional-Executive Commission on China, where we work to monitor human
rights.
If I may ever be of service, or if you have questions
about current issues in Washington, please dont hesitate to call my
offices in Charlotte, Mooresville, or Washington.
Congressman Pittenger Hosts
International Intelligence Security Forum
In September, Congressman Pittenger hosted
delegates from 29 European nations at the Parliamentary
Intelligence-Security Forum in Washington DC. The forum attendees discussed international
security concerns facing Europe and the United States. Click
here
for more
photos.
Washington,
DC Tours
Planning a trip
to DC? Contact Congressman Pittenger's office to request a White House
tour, schedule a U.S. Capitol tour, and for other helpful travel
tips. Click
here
for more information or call
Congressman Pittenger's Washington, DC office at
202-225-1976.
Survey of the
Month Your opinions are very important to me.
After
all, as your Congressman, I work for you.
Please take just a moment
to share your thoughts via this brief survey of the month: 387 bills approved by
the House of Representatives remain stuck in the Senate, including
more than 40 pro-jobs, pro-economic growth bills.
Which pro-jobs bill
would you like to see President Obama support first? Select One Veterans Economic
Opportunity Act (H.R. 2481), which improves job training/placement services
for veterans. Small Business Capital
Access and Job Preservation Act (H.R. 1105), which reduces red tape for
small business investment, allowing small businesses to grow and create
jobs. Northern Route Approval Act (H.R. 3),
which approves the Keystone pipeline and the thousands of jobs
created by that project. President Obama should
support all bipartisan, pro-jobs legislation. On the one-year
anniversary of Obamacare, how has your personal health insurance
situation changed? Select One I was forced to switch to a new plan. My premiums have gone up. My premiums
have decreased. No
changes. On
August 1st, the U.S. House of Representatives approved legislation that
would address the border crisis through increased National Guard
patrols, accelerated judicial proceedings, and appropriate humanitarian
care.
So far, the Senate has taken no action.
What should be our
priority for immigration reform? Select
One Secure the border. Fully enforce existing laws. Comprehensive
immigration reform. No
action. Do
you work in the Financial Services industry? Select One Yes No Prefer not to
answer
Please subscribe me to your
Enewsletter If you
are having trouble, click here.
Charlotte
Office
2701 Coltsgate Rd., Suite 105
Charlotte, NC
28211
Phone: (704) 3621060
Hours: 8:30-5:30 PM (M-F)
Mooresville Office
116 Morlake Dr, Suite
101A
Mooresville,NC 28117
Phone: (704) 6968188
Hours: 8:30-5:30 PM
(M-F)
Please call ahead to ensure staff availability
Washington D.C.
Office
224 Cannon HOB
Washington, DC
20515
Phone: (202) 2251976
Hours: 8:30-5:30 PM (M-F)
Unsubscribe
|
Update My
Profile
|
Privacy Policy
gateway mail end
