DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.0 Transitional//EN" "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml1/DTD/xhtml1-transitional.dtd"
OK-04 District Update | October 20, 2014
Click here
if you have trouble viewing this email
Budget Outlook Threatens National Security
With mounting global crises that threaten our nations safety and security, we must remember that we face an equal if not greater threat right here in our own country. In addition to the rise of dangerous terrorist groups in the Middle East, the surge of unaccompanied illegal minors at our southern borders over the summer, the consistent bullying of Ukraine by Russia and the rampant spread of Ebola in West Africa, our nation is also drowning in more than $17.8 trillion of debt. Because the Obama Administration has done little to address our fiscal problems, our ability to combat or react to global threats like these is severely hamstrung and, without real reforms, could render the United States unable to address these challenges in the future.
The state of our nations economy, especially the amount of debt we have and the rate at which it is accumulating, is quite possibly the issue that should concern our leaders, lawmakers and citizens most. While it is an issue that will require tough calls like further reducing spending on sometimes popular government initiatives and reforming long established entitlement programs, these are decisions that must be made sooner rather than later.
By the end of this year, the amount of our publicly-held debt is projected to be 74 percent of gross domestic product (GDP). If we dont change our economic course, it could grow to an astoundingly-high 111 percent of GDP by 2039. In addition, along the current 10-year horizon, our economic growth as a percentage of GDP is expected to come in at only 2.5 percentbelow the annual average of 3.3 percent since 1950. This means that our economy is not only taking on more debt, but it's growing slower in the process.
Since Republicans reclaimed majority in the House of Representatives, lawmakers have worked to draft and pass legislation that would create much-needed jobs and improve our economic outlook for our children and grandchildren. Unfortunately, due to the lack of cooperation from the Democrat-led Senate, few of these pro-economic reforms have even made it to the presidents desk.
Despite the challenges of divided government, Republicans and Democrats have worked together on occasion to significantly reduce the national deficit (difference between spending and tax revenue) and worked in a bipartisan manner to do so. Through bipartisan compromises like the 2011 debt ceiling deal and 2013 fiscal cliff agreement, the deficit has been significantly reduced. Since 2010, the deficit has fallen from more than $1.4 trillion to $483 billion this year. However, much more needs to be done, and it requires bipartisanship.
In the midst of a troubled world, Americas ability to lead in crisis and show strength in conflict is gradually fading because of the heavy burden of debt we carrymade worse by deep cuts to our military and lawmakers not addressing and replacing blunt and counterproductive sequester cuts. Further, much of our debt is owed to foreign holders, which dangerously leaves us at the mercy of other nations.
While some events in other countries are out of our control, it is critical that we effectively manage what we can control in our own nation, so were adequately prepared both financially and militarily when crisis comes. The federal budget outlook is something we can and must change, but it requires bipartisan cooperation to do so.
I hope that the state of the world will encourage lawmakers to work together and prioritize those areas of government that are necessary for protecting our nation and preserving the American Dream. The actions we take today impact the kind of world that our children and grandchildren will get to enjoy in the days and years ahead.
Join the conversation:
As your representative, I want to keep you informed on the issues facing our district, state and country. Follow the conversation on
Twitter . You can also find me on
Facebook ,
Instagram
or
Vine
and read past editions of my weekly column
here .
Sincerely,
Tom Cole
Member of Congress
Washington, DC Office
2458 Rayburn HOB
Washington, DC 20515
Phone: (202) 225-6165
Norman
2424 Springer Dr., Suite 201
Norman, OK 73069
Phone: (405) 329-6500
Ada
100 E. 13th St., Suite 213
Ada, OK 74820
Phone: (580) 436-5375
Lawton
711 SW D Ave., Suite 201
Lawton, OK 73501
Phone: (580) 357-2131
UPDATE SUBSCRIPTION OPTIONS
|
CONTACT US
Click Here Click Here