
If you
are having trouble viewing this message or would like to share it on a
social network, you can
view the message online .
September 27, 2014
Unsubscribe
Update My
Profile
Website
|
About
|
Contact Me
|
Serving You
|
Media
Center
|
Legislative Work
|
Our District
|
Resources
Twenty years ago this
weekend, House Republicans gathered on the Capitol steps to unveil a
plan to move America forward: the Contract with
America.
This compilation of bold ideas for legislative
action also brought with it an unprecedented victory for House
Republicans. After having been in the minority party for the previous four
decades, the Contract with America showed hard-working taxpayers that the
GOP was willing to work for them to create jobs and boost the
economy.
The Contract with America spoke
to me, as well. It inspired me and millions others, and served as a
reminder that when candidates for public office fight for the priorities
of the people they represent, people will respond with their support
and trust.
What we saw in 1994 is
not too different from what we are seeing today. With liberals
controlling the Senate and White House, the legislation House Republicans
have passed to address the problems people are facing continues to
languish in the Senate. In fact, in this Congress alone, the House has
passed over 350 bills to solve real problems, yet none of these bills have
been taken up by the Senate.
While many of these bills have broad bipartisan support, they are
prevented from reaching the presidents desk solely because of Senate
Majority Leader Harry Reids partisan agenda.
We have great hope that this do-nothing approach will change
next year, as polls show the balance of the Senate may finally be
shifting over to Republican control. But there is still time in this Congress
to send bills to the presidents desk that, much like what was
outlined in 1994, will grow the economy, help hard-working taxpayers, and
achieve our goal of American energy security.
Just last week, the House successfully passed a bipartisan
energy bill that promotes the safe development of Americas energy
resources. The U.S. has become the worlds leading energy producer but
the Presidents regulations continue to limit production. The
application for the Keystone XL pipeline has sat on the presidents desk for
over six years. Eight times the House has passed legislation, on a
bipartisan basis, to approve the pipeline, which will create 40,000 American
jobs and assure a stable flow of energy from a trusted trading
partner in Canada.
On education issues,
we have advocated for better opportunities for all children. Sadly,
despite high demand, hundreds of thousands of students languish on
waiting lists because of barriers to charter school growth. School choice
empowers parents to choose the best education available to their
children. Earlier this year more than 150 Democrats joined House
Republicans to pass a strong bill to expand quality charter schools, yet even
this bill that will help millions of children across our country has not
been taken up by the Senate.
We have seen the absolute mess that Obamacare has created, and
House Republicans took the initiative to pass commonsense health care
reforms that lower costs and put patients back in charge of their health
care decisions.
House Republicans
have consistently passed balanced budgets. As part of our budget, we
continue to control Washington spending. The budget also sets the
stage for pro-growth tax reform that focuses on fairness to families,
expanding opportunities for all Americans and making America the most
attractive place to invest and do business.
We are much closer to realizing the potential of the Contract
with America today, as House Republicans have successfully compiled a
roadmap for energy security, job creation, and fiscal responsibility.
And every piece of this positive agenda has already passed the House of
Representatives. We may be 20 years removed from the unveiling of the
Contract with America, but the promise House Republicans made to the
American people still stands true. We will continue to fight every day
to make that promise a reality.
Office Locations
Washington
DC Office
2338 Rayburn HOB |
Washington, DC 20515
Phone: (202)
225-3015
Houma Office
8026
Main Street
Suite 700
Houma, LA
70360
Phone: (985) 879-2300
Metairie
Office
110 Veterans Boulevard
Suite
500
Metairie, LA 70005
Phone: (504)
837-1259
Mandeville
Office
21454 Koop Drive
Suite
1E
Mandeville, LA 70471
Phone: (985)
893-9064
Hammond Office
1514 Martens Drive
Suite 10
Hammond, LA 70401
Phone:
(985) 340-2185
Update My
Profile
-
Unsubscribe
-
Privacy Policy
gateway mail
end 