
September 27, 2014
Dear Friends,
I would like to share this week&rsquo;s edition of Jackie&rsquo;s Reading Picks, a compilation of articles that have piqued my interest over the week. You can find this week&rsquo;s selection and others on my website in the
Jackie&rsquo;s Reading Picks
section.
Watch Emma Watson Deliver a Game-Changing Speech on Feminism for the U.N.
By JOANNA ROBINSON , Vanity Fair
Earlier this summer, fresh from college graduation, Emma Watson, was named a U.N. Women Goodwill Ambassador. Though the ripples of her involvement over the past few months can be seen online (crashing the U.N. Web site, using Twitter to denounce a sexist politician in Turkey or respond to the gender politics of the recent celebrity nude photo hack), Watson&rsquo;s power in person is an entirely different matter.
The actress gave an impassioned speech on feminism and gender at the U.N. headquarters in New York this weekend to launch the &ldquo;HeForShe&rdquo; campaign which aims to galvanize one billion men and boys as advocates for ending the inequalities that women and girls face globally.
Read more
here .
Police Have a Much Bigger Domestic Abuse Problem Than the NFL
By CONOR FRIEDERSDORF, the Atlantic
Should the National Football League suspend or ban any player caught assaulting a wife or girlfriend? That seems to be the conventional wisdom since video emerged of running back Ray Rice knocking his wife unconscious in an elevator, even as reports surface that many more NFL players have domestic-abuse records.
Read more
here .
Look out below: Danger lurks underground from aging gas pipes
By JOHN KELLY, USA Today
About every other day over the past decade, a gas leak in the United States has destroyed property, hurt someone or killed someone, a USA TODAY Network investigation finds. The most destructive blasts have killed at least 135 people, injured 600 and caused $2 billion in damages since 2004.
Read more
here .
The worst-case scenario for Ebola
By JULIA BELLUZ, Vox
Before this year, Ebola was a disease relegated to remote villages in Africa. Even public health officials didn't worry about it spreading very far. Until recently, they would probably tell you that the virus typically burned out after ravaging only a handful of people.
But then came 2014.
This year has, in many ways, rewritten the Ebola rulebook. We're in the middle of an unprecedented, nightmarish epidemic that has spread from a rural rainforest region in West Africa to large urban centers. The World Health Organization's director has called it "the greatest peacetime challenge" the world has ever faced, with the number of cases doubling each week.
Read more
here .
It Has Been An Astonishingly Bad Year For Vehicle Recalls
By JOSHUA LOTT, FiveThirtyEight
&ldquo;Significant heat, smoke and sparks.&rdquo; These are the symptoms of the faulty brakes in some 200,000 General Motors vehicles recalled Sept. 20, according to The New York Times. On Sept. 22, Reuters reported that Chrysler recalled 230,000 SUVs because of a fuel pump issue. And last week, in one of the most high-profile recent cases, GM agreed to pay claims for at least some of the 19 deaths linked to faulty ignition switches.
Read more
here .
Stanford Promises Not to Use Google Money for Privacy Research
By JULIA ANGWIN and ROBERT FATURECHI, Pro Publica
Stanford University recently declared that it will not use money from Google to fund privacy research at its Center for Internet and Society, according to a legal filing made by the school.
"Since 2013, Google funding is specifically designated not [to] be used for CIS's privacy work," the university said in the court filing, found by ProPublica in documents filed in an unrelated lawsuit.
Stanford's Center for Internet and Society has long been generously funded by Google, but the center's privacy research has proved damaging to the search giant in the past two years. Two years ago a researcher at the center helped uncover Google privacy violations that led to the company paying a record $22.5 million fines.
Read more
here .
IRS Scam Alert targeted at Seniors:
My district office has received a number of calls from constituents who have been targeted by callers claiming to represent the Internal Revenue Service. In this scam, which mainly targets seniors, the caller claims taxes are due which require immediate payment, usually through a prepaid debit card, or that the IRS has a refund check requiring private information to be disclosed over the phone for delivery. The IRS has released five things they will never do, so you can identify the scam:
calling you about taxes you owe without first mailing you an official notice,
demanding that you pay taxes without giving you the opportunity to question or appeal the amount they say you owe,
requiring you to use a specific payment method for your taxes,
asking for credit or debit card numbers over the phone, or
threatening to bring in local law enforcement groups to have you arrested for not paying.
Please let your family and friends know about this ongoing telephone scam . If you receive a phone call like this, call the IRS at 1(800)829-1040 for help or contact the Treasury Inspector General for Tax Administration at 1-(800)366-4484 to report the incident. As always, feel free to contact my San Mateo office at (650)342-0300 if you have any questions about this scam or need help with the IRS.
High School Seniors!
I will host a Military Academy Night on Tuesday, October 7, 2014 from 5:30&ndash; 7:00 pm at the city of Millbrae Chetcuti Room. The educational event is for high school students and their parents interested in attending a military academy, and for counselors and teachers interested in learning about the nomination process.
Who:
Congresswoman Jackie Speier
Representatives from the
U.S. Coast Guard,
U.S. Naval Academy,
U.S. Military Academy West Point,
U.S. Air Force Academy,
U.S. Merchant Marine Academy
What:
Military Academy Night
Where:
City of Millbrae Chetcuti Room, 450 Poplar Avenue, Millbrae
(Find directions
here )
When:
Tuesday, October 7, 5:30 &ndash; 7: 00 pm
Happy reading!
All the best,
Unsubscribe
Washington D.C. Office
211 Cannon House Office Building
Washington, DC 20515
Phone: (202) 225-3531
Fax: (202) 226-4183
San Mateo Office
155 Bovet Road, Suite 780
San Mateo, CA 94402
Phone: (650) 342-0300
Fax: (650) 375-8270
Click Here
to be removed from this list
