
Dear Friend,
Thank you for signing up to receive my email newsletter. These
newsletters will cover a variety of topics, including events happening
in Indiana, legislation being considered in Congress, and my
perspective on current issues. My hope is to keep you updated and
informed on how issues in Washington may impact Hoosiers. I welcome
your feedback.
Thanks for reading,
Dan Coats
_____
New Threats Demand Action
There are various estimates of how many Americans, Europeans and
citizens of other countries have traveled to the Middle East to fight
with the Islamic State of Iraq and Syria (ISIS). The European Union's
intelligence chief recently said that more than 3,000 Europeans have
done so, a jump of 50% in one month. Our own National Counterterrorism
Center estimates that more than 100 Americans have left the United
States to fight alongside ISIS terrorists, and these individuals
presumably could be motivated to bring violent terrorism to American
soil.
When we compare these numbers to the handful of terrorists that
comprised the Hamburg cell at the epicenter of planning the 9/11
attacks, we can see why hundreds or thousands of these terrorists give
us reason to worry. And when we consider how easily these individuals
can travel to the United States - in some cases simply by coming home -
we must take action to protect our homeland from domestic terrorist
attacks.
Given these new dangers, I recently introduced the "Counterterrorism
Border Security Enhancement Act." As a first step in confronting this
growing threat, my legislation would require the administration to
assess how existing border security and entry procedures can be
improved and strengthened. With this reassessment in hand, the
administration and Congress can determine where to plug existing gaps
and the resources needed to do so.
Part of that required reassessment would be to take a fresh look at the
Visa Waiver Program (VWP). This program currently allows citizens from
38 participating countries to travel to the U.S. without first
obtaining a visa. This means that travelers from most European
countries, Australia and many other nations do not have to go through a
visa application process, avoiding the extra scrutiny this application
entails.
The VWP is a useful tool to encourage tourism and business travel to
our country. The VWP also allows the U.S. to devote greater attention
to travelers from countries that lack adequate passport integrity and
security systems.
However, there are ways to tighten up current clearance procedures and
make them more focused on counterterrorism efforts. My bill would
ensure full compliance with information-sharing agreements by the
countries that participate in the VWP and would suspend participation
if compliance is less than 100%.
It also is important that we take immediate steps to obstruct American
citizens who have been recruited by violent radicals and may intend to
travel to areas of terrorist conflict. My bill would amend existing law
to permit the Secretary of State to revoke passports issued to American
citizens suspected of engaging in terrorist activities and traveling
for that purpose.
Lastly, my bill would amend criminal statues to define support of
terrorist organizations as an act of treason. Since 1952 there has been
only one indictment and no prosecution for treason in the United
States. Yet protection from treasonous acts was so important to our
Founding Fathers that it is the only crime specifically mentioned in
the Constitution.
My bill simply changes the law to specify that the term "enemies" of
our nation includes terrorist organizations. "Adhering" to such
organizations or "giving them aid and comfort" will be more clearly an
act of treason and punished accordingly.
The danger of terrorist attacks within the United States is real and
growing, and my legislation is a good starting point to address these
new threats. It is imperative that we do so before it is too late.
Coats in the News
Coats Family Announces Passing of Miriam Crawford
Indiana Senators Acknowledge Secret Service Needs Change
On the Record: Coats, Donnelly on ISIS, Secret Service, elections
Coats responds to President's comments on underestimating ISIS
GOP senators to Treasury: Put the 'squeeze' on Russia
_____
Stay Connected
_____
To unsubscribe please
Click Here
Contact Me
Latest News
A message
from Senator Dan Coats
Dear
Friend,
Thank you for signing up to receive my email
newsletter. These newsletters will cover a variety of topics,
including
events happening in Indiana, legislation being
considered
in Congress, and my perspective on current issues.
My
hope is to keep you updated and informed on how issues in Washington may impact Hoosiers. I welcome your
feedback.
Thanks for reading,
Dan Coats
New Threats Demand Action
There are various estimates of how many Americans,
Europeans and citizens of other countries have traveled to the Middle East to fight with the Islamic
State of Iraq and Syria (ISIS). The European Union&#8217;s intelligence chief recently said that more
than 3,000 Europeans have done so, a jump of 50% in one month. Our own National Counterterrorism Center
estimates that more than 100 Americans have left the United States to fight alongside ISIS terrorists,
and these individuals presumably could be motivated to bring violent terrorism to American soil.
When we compare these numbers to the handful of terrorists
that comprised the Hamburg cell at the epicenter of planning the 9/11 attacks, we can see why hundreds
or thousands of these terrorists give us reason to worry. And when we consider how easily these individuals
can travel to the United States &#8211; in some cases simply by coming home &#8211; we must take action
to protect our homeland from domestic terrorist attacks.
Given these new dangers, I recently introduced the
&#8220;Counterterrorism Border Security Enhancement Act.&#8221; As a first step in confronting this growing
threat, my legislation would require the administration to assess how existing border security and entry
procedures can be improved and strengthened. With this reassessment in hand, the administration and Congress
can determine where to plug existing gaps and the resources needed to do so.
Part of that required reassessment would be to take
a fresh look at the Visa Waiver Program (VWP). This program currently allows citizens from 38 participating
countries to travel to the U.S. without first obtaining a visa. This means that travelers from most European
countries, Australia and many other nations do not have to go through a visa application process, avoiding
the extra scrutiny this application entails.
The VWP is a useful tool to encourage tourism and business
travel to our country. The VWP also allows the U.S. to devote greater attention to travelers from countries
that lack adequate passport integrity and security systems.
However, there are ways to tighten up current clearance
procedures and make them more focused on counterterrorism efforts. My bill would ensure full compliance
with information-sharing agreements by the countries that participate in the VWP and would suspend participation
if compliance is less than 100%.
It also is important that we take immediate steps to
obstruct American citizens who have been recruited by violent radicals and may intend to travel to areas
of terrorist conflict. My bill would amend existing law to permit the Secretary of State to revoke passports
issued to American citizens suspected of engaging in terrorist activities and traveling for that purpose.
Lastly, my bill would amend criminal statues to define
support of terrorist organizations as an act of treason. Since 1952 there has been only one indictment
and no prosecution for treason in the United States. Yet protection from treasonous acts was so important
to our Founding Fathers that it is the only crime specifically mentioned in the Constitution.
My bill simply changes the law to specify that the
term &#8220;enemies&#8221; of our nation includes terrorist organizations. &#8220;Adhering&#8221; to
such organizations or &#8220;giving them aid and comfort&#8221; will be more clearly an act of treason
and punished accordingly.
The danger of terrorist attacks within the United States
is real and growing, and my legislation is a good starting point to address these new threats. It is
imperative that we do so before it is too late.
Coats
in the News
Coats
Family Announces Passing of Miriam Crawford
Indiana
Senators Acknowledge Secret Service Needs Change
On
the Record: Coats, Donnelly on ISIS, Secret Service, elections
Coats
responds to President&#8217;s comments on underestimating ISIS
GOP
senators to Treasury: Put the &#8216;squeeze&#8217; on Russia
Stay
Connected
To
unsubsc ribe
please
Click
Here
Contact
Me Latest
News
