
Tom Greenwood and Jennifer Chambers
The Detroit News
[Silver_carp.jpg]
Asian carp pose a threat to the Great Lakes ecosystem. Great Lakes states have pushed for a physical barrier to keep species out.(Photo: MDNR)
A third round of testing for Asian carp will resume Wednesday along the Kalamazoo River after the Michigan Department of Natural Resources announced genetic material of the highly destructive invasive species was detected for the first time in the river's lower section.
State and federal wildlife officials stressed there are no indications any carp have become established in the river, which is a tributary of Lake Michigan.
The state DNR is working with the U.S. Fish and Wildlife Service to investigate the positive sample, which marks the first time Michigan has seen a positive result for silver carp DNA in the state's Great Lake waters outside Maumee Bay.
"While we don't have evidence of a live fish in the water, we treat this finding very seriously," said Michigan DNR senior water policy adviser Tammy Newcombe.
Asian carp, including bighead and silver carp, pose a huge threat to the Great Lakes recreational activities, its ecosystem, a $7 billion fisheries industry and other economic interests dependent on the Great Lakes and its tributaries. Silver and bighead carp are likely to compete with native and recreational fish species and are known to quickly reproduce.
The lower Kalamazoo River is popular for recreational activities. Activities such as fishing and boating may increase the possibility of environmental DNA entering the river without the presence of a live silver carp.
Joel Brammeier, president and CEO of the Alliance for the Great Lakes, said any time carp DNA is found in the Great Lakes basin, the public should be concerned.
"It represents the presence of a fish. It concerns me a great deal to know there is a sample in the Kalamazoo River. It would be a pretty great habitat for carp," Brammeier said. "The big question is where did this DNA come from and is there evidence of a population? Right now there is not."
The discovery of genetic markers doesn't necessarily prove the presence of live carp - scientists say it could "hitchhike" on other sources such as fishing gear or bird droppings that came in contact with the DNA. But some say the presence of live fish is the likeliest explanation.
An additional 200 samples will be taken by Wednesday, state officials said, after one of 400 water samples taken in July from below the Calkins Dam, about 24 miles from Lake Michigan, in Allegan County tested positive for silver carp, a species of Asian carp.
The DNR will also increase its presence along the river and intends to ask anglers to report any Asian carp sightings. To date, there have been no reported sightings by anglers.
"At the state's request, the U.S. Fish and Wildlife Service is providing all the resources and technical expertise we have available," said Charlie Wooley, deputy regional director of the U.S. Fish and Wildlife Service.
The main focus must be on the prevention of Asian carp moving through the Chicago waterway, Brammeier said. Bighead and silver carp have infested the Mississippi River and tributaries including the Illinois River, which leads to Lake Michigan at Chicago.
"What we really need is a vision for the Chicago waterway to stop invasive species and we don't have that. ... This threat is real. These findings underscore the urgency of this," he said.
U.S. Rep. Candice Miller, R-Harrison Township, said drastic action must be taken to stop the invasive species and a permanent solution, which she says is contained in legislation she introduced this year, sought.
"This test only reconfirms that, unless drastic action is taken, Asian carp will invade the Great Lakes and wreak havoc on the economic and recreational resources they provide," Miller said. "We can't afford to have a cavalier approach to this imminent threat to our Lakes. We need a permanent solution that prevents Asian carp from entering the Great Lakes, including complete hydrologic separation."
Miller introduced legislation in February that authorizes the secretary of the Army to completely separate the hydrologic connection between the Mississippi River and Lake Michigan, preventing the invasive species from invading the Great Lakes.
If enacted, the legislation would require the secretary to start designing the project within 180 days in consultation with stakeholders, including the governors of the surrounding states and the Great Lakes Commission, her office said.
[eDNA_map_Kalamazoo_River_2014.jpg]
One of 400 water samples taken in July from below the Caulkins Dam in Allegany
County tested positive for silver carp. (Photo: MDNR )
U.S. Rep. Dave Camp, R-Midland, said he continues to work on a bipartisan, bicameral bill that would begin implementing a comprehensive Asian carp control strategy that leads to a permanent solution. He hopes to introduce the bill soon.
State officials said anglers and boaters are vital stewards to prevent movement of Asian carp and other invasive species that threaten Michigan's waters.
Anglers are urged to become familiar with the identification of Asian carp, including adults and juveniles. The spread of juvenile Asian carp through the use of live bait buckets has been identified as a potential point of entry into Great Lakes waters.
Boaters are strongly encouraged to drain all water from their boats and to clean boats and gear. Invasive species and eDNA are known to "hitchhike" within live-wells and attach to boat trailers, anchors and fishing gear.
In July, efforts by several states including Michigan to force the federal government to create a physical barrier stopping Asian carp from reaching the Great Lakes were dealt a legal blow.
The U.S. Court of Appeals in Chicago affirmed a lower court's dismissal of a lawsuit filed by five of the region's states, ruling they have failed to make a claim for which relief can be granted. The states have pushed for the U.S. Army Corps of Engineers to construct a physical barrier closing the pathway between Lake Michigan and the Mississippi River system.
Michigan, Pennsylvania, Ohio, Minnesota and Wisconsin have sued the Corps of Engineers along with the Chicago Metropolitan Water Reclamation District, claiming the two agencies are causing a public nuisance.
Officials with the reclamation district control the Chicago Sanitary and Ship Canal, which is generally viewed as the most likely route for Asian carp to the lakes.
Asian carp are known for consuming much of the available food of native fish species, often driving them from their habitat. Coupled with their quick reproduction, the Asian carp can effectively take over an area.
###
DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.0 Transitional//EN" "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml1/DTD/xhtml1-transitional.dtd"
Connect with Representative Miller online:
In Case You Missed It: Detroit News:
Mich.:
No proof of live carp though DNA found in river
Tom Greenwood and Jennifer Chambers
The Detroit News
Asian carp pose a threat to the Great Lakes ecosystem. Great Lakes states have pushed for a physical barrier to keep species out.(Photo: MDNR)
A third round of testing for Asian carp will resume Wednesday along the Kalamazoo River after the
Michigan Department of Natural Resources announced genetic material of the highly destructive invasive species was detected for the first time in the river's lower section.
State and federal wildlife officials stressed there are no indications any carp have become established
in the river, which is a tributary of Lake Michigan.
The state DNR is working with the U.S. Fish and Wildlife Service to investigate the positive sample,
which marks the first time Michigan has seen a positive result for silver carp DNA in the state's Great Lake waters outside Maumee Bay.
&quot;While we don't have evidence of a live fish in the water, we treat this finding very seriously,&quot;
said Michigan DNR senior water policy adviser Tammy Newcombe.
Asian carp, including bighead and silver carp, pose a huge threat to the Great Lakes recreational
activities, its ecosystem, a $7 billion fisheries industry and other economic interests dependent on the Great Lakes and its tributaries. Silver and bighead carp are likely to compete with native and recreational fish species and are known to quickly reproduce.
The lower Kalamazoo River is popular for recreational activities. Activities such as fishing and boating
may increase the possibility of environmental DNA entering the river without the presence of a live silver carp.
Joel Brammeier, president and CEO of the Alliance for the Great Lakes, said any time carp DNA is found
in the Great Lakes basin, the public should be concerned.
&quot;It represents the presence of a fish. It concerns me a great deal to know there is a sample in the
Kalamazoo River. It would be a pretty great habitat for carp,&quot; Brammeier said. &quot;The big question is where did this DNA come from and is there evidence of a population? Right now there is not.&quot;
The discovery of genetic markers doesn't necessarily prove the presence of live carp &#8212; scientists
say it could &quot;hitchhike&quot; on other sources such as fishing gear or bird droppings that came in contact with the DNA. But some say the presence of live fish is the likeliest explanation.
An additional 200 samples will be taken by Wednesday, state officials said, after one of 400 water
samples taken in July from below the Calkins Dam, about 24 miles from Lake Michigan, in Allegan County tested positive for silver carp, a species of Asian carp.
The DNR will also increase its presence along the river and intends to ask anglers to report any Asian
carp sightings. To date, there have been no reported sightings by anglers.
&quot;At the state's request, the U.S. Fish and Wildlife Service is providing all the resources and technical
expertise we have available,&quot; said Charlie Wooley, deputy regional director of the U.S. Fish and Wildlife Service.
The main focus must be on the prevention of Asian carp moving through the Chicago waterway, Brammeier
said. Bighead and silver carp have infested the Mississippi River and tributaries including the Illinois River, which leads to Lake Michigan at Chicago.
&quot;What we really need is a vision for the Chicago waterway to stop invasive species and we don't have
that. ... This threat is real. These findings underscore the urgency of this,&quot; he said.
U.S. Rep. Candice Miller, R-Harrison Township, said drastic action must be taken to stop the invasive
species and a permanent solution, which she says is contained in legislation she introduced this year, sought.
&quot;This test only reconfirms that, unless drastic action is taken, Asian carp will invade the Great
Lakes and wreak havoc on the economic and recreational resources they provide,&quot; Miller said. &quot;We can't afford to have a cavalier approach to this imminent threat to our Lakes. We need a permanent solution that prevents Asian carp from entering the Great Lakes,
including complete hydrologic separation.&quot;
Miller introduced legislation in February that authorizes the secretary of the Army to completely
separate the hydrologic connection between the Mississippi River and Lake Michigan, preventing the invasive species from invading the Great Lakes.
If enacted, the legislation would require the secretary to start designing the project within 180
days in consultation with stakeholders, including the governors of the surrounding states and the Great Lakes Commission, her office said.
One of 400 water samples taken in July from below the Caulkins Dam in Allegany
County tested positive for silver carp. (Photo: MDNR )
U.S. Rep. Dave Camp, R-Midland, said he continues to work on a bipartisan, bicameral bill that would
begin implementing a comprehensive Asian carp control strategy that leads to a permanent solution. He hopes to introduce the bill soon.
State officials said anglers and boaters are vital stewards to prevent movement of Asian carp and
other invasive species that threaten Michigan's waters.
Anglers are urged to become familiar with the identification of Asian carp, including adults and juveniles.
The spread of juvenile Asian carp through the use of live bait buckets has been identified as a potential point of entry into Great Lakes waters.
Boaters are strongly encouraged to drain all water from their boats and to clean boats and gear. Invasive
species and eDNA are known to &quot;hitchhike&quot; within live-wells and attach to boat trailers, anchors and fishing gear.
In July, efforts by several states including Michigan to force the federal government to create a
physical barrier stopping Asian carp from reaching the Great Lakes were dealt a legal blow.
The U.S. Court of Appeals in Chicago affirmed a lower court's dismissal of a lawsuit filed by five
of the region's states, ruling they have failed to make a claim for which relief can be granted. The states have pushed for the U.S. Army Corps of Engineers to construct a physical barrier closing the pathway between Lake Michigan and the Mississippi River
system.
Michigan, Pennsylvania, Ohio, Minnesota and Wisconsin have sued the Corps of Engineers along with
the Chicago Metropolitan Water Reclamation District, claiming the two agencies are causing a public nuisance.
Officials with the reclamation district control the Chicago Sanitary and Ship Canal, which is generally
viewed as the most likely route for Asian carp to the lakes.
Asian carp are known for consuming much of the available food of native fish species, often driving
them from their habitat. Coupled with their quick reproduction, the Asian carp can effectively take over an area.
###
TELL A FRIEND
Feel free to share this e-mail with your friends and family by forwarding this email. If this e-mail has been forwarded to you, please sign up to receive Congresswoman Candice Miller
electronic newsletter .
CONTACT INFORMATION
Washington Office
U.S. House of Representatives
320 Cannon House Office Bldg
Washington, DC 20515
Phone: (202)225-2106
Fax: (202)226-1169
DISTRICT OFFICE
48701 Van Dyke Ave
Shelby Township, MI 48317
Phone: (586)997-5010
Fax: (586)997-5013
E-MAIL Candice
LEARN MORE
UNSUBSCRIBE
NOTE:
This mailbox is unattended. To send e-mail to Congresswoman Candice Miller, please go to
her contact form . To unsubscribe from future electronic updates, please use
this link .
