
If you are
having trouble viewing this message or would like to share it on a
social network, you can
view the message online .
HOME
ABOUT
STEVE
SERVICES
3RD DISTRICT
ISSUES &amp; LEGISLATION
NEWSROOM
September 12, 2014
Week in
Review
After a successful
August district work period, it was back to Washington this week to
continue working on your priorities and the issues you brought to my
attention over the break. Heres a recap of my week. For daily updates of
what Im up to, remember to check
my facebook
page .
On Monday, the U.S. Department of
Agriculture (USDA) announced it would be extending the payment date for
Farm Service Agency (FSA) Marketing Assistance Loans by an additional 60
days for agricultural producers affected by the collapse of Turner
Grain Merchandising in Brinkley, Arkansas, which begins immediately
after the 30 days already provided from the expiration date of the
marketing authorizations. The FSA exemption period for affected growers now
sits at a total of 90 days. On August 28,
2014, Representatives Crawford, Griffin,
Cotton, and I sent
a joint
letter
to USDA Secretary Tom Vilsack requesting an extension of 180
days. While USDA did not grant the amount of time we felt necessary
for impacted agricultural producers to sufficiently recover, we
appreciate the departments timely response to our request and willingness to
work with our growers, and we applaud the USDA for granting this
extension for our farmers who have been affected by Turner Grains
collapse, while also ensuring the safety of our food supply.
On Tuesday morning, I was honored to have Israeli Ambassador
Ron Dermer visit my office and give me an update on the latest
developments in the Middle East.
Tuesday afternoon, the House passed
H.Res.
644
by a vote of 249-163. The resolution condemns the
Obama Administrations failure to comply with the 30-day statutory
requirement to notify Congress before releasing five senior members of the
Taliban from the Guantanamo Bay as part of an agreement to obtain the
release of Army Sergeant Bowe Bergdahl. The resolution expresses
grave concern about the national security risks associated with the
transfers and the repercussions of negotiating with terrorists. By acting
unilaterally to release the Taliban 5, President Obama has jeopardized
the safety of our nation and our people. His decision amounts to
negotiating with terrorists, which the American people can neither afford
nor tolerate. I was proud to sponsor and support H.Res. 644, which
condemns his actions in the strongest words
possible.
Additionally, the House passed
H.R. 5078 , the Waters of the United
States Regulatory Overreach Protection Act, by a vote of 262-152.
H.R. 5078 prohibits the Environmental Protection Agency (EPA) and Army
Corps of Engineers from developing, finalizing, adopting,
implementing, or enforcing a proposed rule, recent agency guidance, and the
agencies' interpretive rule that would redefine "waters of the United
States" and change the scope of the Clean Water Act. The bill would
also require the EPA and Army Corps of Engineers to engage in a
federalism consultation with states and local governments and develop a final
report detailing the recommendations for a consensus regulatory
proposal that would identify the scope of waters to be covered under the
Clean Water Act, consistent with U.S. Supreme Court precedent. I believe
the EPAs attempt to redefine waters of the U.S. and impose onerous
new regulations on Arkansass farmers is outrageous, and its become
abundantly clear that the agency will continue to act with no regard to
the impact on the Natural State and our industries. I applaud
H.R. 5078s passage.
On Wednesday, President Obama addressed the nation about the Islamic
State of Iraq and Syria (ISIS). ISIS has made the Middle East into a war
zone and an advanced training ground for terrorists who seek to harm
Americans. On the day after the anniversary of the worst
terrorist attack in our nations history, we should not take this extremely
dangerous terrorist organization lightly. While President Obama has sat
back and tried to wish ISIS away for months, I have voiced my concern
about ISISs proliferation and the existential threat it presents to
America. Unfortunately, it is now painfully clear that this threat is
worthy of an immediate and profound response from our nation and our
international partners. I look forward to being engaged on the issue and
working with my colleagues in Congress to ensure the President has
the support necessary to defeat ISIS sooner rather than
later.
Thursday, September 11, is a solemn day in our nation's
history on which we remember the Americans who lost their lives to
terror and all of the heroes who have henceforth fought to protect our
great land and our freedom. There is no justification for the cowardly,
senseless acts of violence that occurred on September 11, 2001, and
September 11, 2012, and there will be no justification for acts of
terror in the future. America will not take threats from those who seek to
destroy our nation and our way of life lightly. We will stay vigilant,
and we will never forget these Americans and all of the heroes who
have fallen in Americas name.
That
morning, I welcomed Dr. Frieden, Director of the CDC, to my office and
appreciate his willingness to brief me on the current Ebola outbreak
in West Africa. Ebola is a severe
and often fatal
virus that
spreads through direct contact with blood or body fluids from someone who
is infected with Ebola.
Symptoms of Ebola can include a
high-grade fever, unexplained bleeding and bruising, severe headache, muscle
pain, vomiting, diarrhea, and abdominal pain.
The current outbreak
has had over 4,000 suspected cases and over 2,100 deaths in the
affected countries
Guinea, Sierra Leone, and Liberia. You can find out
more about Ebola and what the CDC is doing to protect Americans from it
via
the CDC's
website .
I was also glad to have Qatari Ambassador
Mohammed Al Kuwari stop by my office to talk about ISIS and the state of
affairs in the Middle East.
On Thursday afternoon, the
House passed
H.R. 3522 ,
the Employee Health Care Protection Act of 2014, by a vote of
247-167. H.R. 3522 provides that health insurance coverage in the group
market during calendar year 2013 may continue to be offered through
calendar year 2018. The bill specifies that health insurance coverage
offered in the group market during calendar year 2013 shall be treated as a
grandfathered health plan under Section 1501(b) of the Patient
Protection and Affordable Care Act for purposes of the ACAs minimum
essential coverage requirement, allowing small businesses to continue
providing health plans deemed non-compliant by the Affordable Care Act that
were available in the group market during calendar year
2013.
Even though the President promised
Americans they could keep their health plan if they liked it under
Obamacare
period
millions across the country have had theirs
canceled. Now, even more are at risk of losing their current,
employer-sponsored coverage and, thanks to the so-called Affordable Care Act, will
be forced to pay more for insurance. Unfortunately, until Obamacare is
repealed, there will always be another mess to clean up, and I applaud
the passage of H.R. 3522, which fixes one of the laws most onerous
parts by allowing small businesses and their workers to keep their
current plans and giving others access to more affordable
coverage.
To wrap
up this weeks From the Front Id like to thank all of the Arkansans
who visited my office while in Washington this week, including State
Senator Bruce Holland, my friend Sharon Goodson from Rogers, the
Arkansas Asphalt Pavement Association and APAC-Central, John Paul Pendergrass
from Charleston, Scott Seymour from Camden, the Arkansas Auto Dealers
Association, and Jennifer Sommer from Bentonville. I hope you enjoy
the rest of your visits to our nations capital and have safe trips
home!
Next week, in addition to
suspensions, the House will consider a continuing resolution to fund the
federal government. The House will also consider a package of
bills to encourage an American energy revolution, and a package of bills
to encourage economic growth and get Americans back to
work.
From the
Front...
Congressman
Steve Womack
Arkansas Third
District
Washington, DC
1119 Longworth HOB |
Washington, DC 20515 |
(202) 225-4301 tel |
(202) 225-5713
fax
Fort
Smith
423 North 6th
Street
Fort Smith, AR 72902
(479) 424-1146 tel
(479) 424-2737 fax
Harrison
303 N. Main Street,
Suite 102
Harrison, AR 72601
(870) 741-6900 tel
(870) 741-7741 fax
Rogers
Office
3333 Pinnacle Hills,
Suite 120
Rogers,
AR 72758
(479) 464-0446
tel (479) 464-0063
fax
Unsubscribe
|
Update My Profile
|
Privacy Policy
