DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.0 Transitional//EN" "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml1/DTD/xhtml1-transitional.dtd"
If you are having trouble reading this email,
please view the web version .
House Passes Four More Health Bills
This week, the House approved four more bills that came through my Health Subcommittee: H.R. 4067 will help ensure patients, including Medicare patients and those in rural communities, have access to health care they need. H.R. 669, the Sudden Unexpected Death and Data Enhancement and Awareness Act, provides for activities to help improve the understanding of stillbirth, sudden unexpected infant death, and sudden unexplained death in children. H.R. 4290, the Wakefield Act reauthorizes grant programs that support the expansion, improvement, and evaluation of emergency medical services for children. H.R. 4701, the Vector-Borne Disease Research Accountability and Transparency Act, introduced by Rep. Chris Gibson (R-NY), establishes a working group to review federal activities at the Department of Health and Human Services related to Lyme and tick-borne diseases. Each of these bills was approved by a voice vote and now moves on to the Senate.
Helping Health Care Workers Identify Victims of Trafficking
On Thursday, I held a Health Subcommittee hearing to look at legislation that could help health care professionals identify and help victims of trafficking. It is estimated that more than 1 in 4 victims of trafficking is taken to a hospital or other health facility during their captivity. If health workers could learn the signs of trafficking, many women and children could be rescued. Rep. Renee Elmers (R-NC) introduced H.R. 5411, the bill we discussed. Hopefully, with the contributions of the hearings witnesses, we can strengthen this bill and find ways to help those who are being exploited.
Obamacare Navigators Spend a Lot with Little Result
ABC Action News in Philadelphia filed a report last night on the grants given to Obamacare navigators in our region. They found that some grantees were given hundreds of thousands of dollars, but only enrolled a handful of people in health coverage. I was interviewed for this story and discussed many of my long-standing concerns with the program, including the lack of standards and training for navigators. This week, the administration announced another $60 million in funds for this program. As Health Subcommittee Chairman, I am going to expand this local investigation nationwide to determine where money is being wasted. To view the report,
CLICK HERE .
House Will Consider Funding Bill Next Week
The House Majority Leader informed members this week that the House would wait to take up a measure to continue funding for the government until next week. This continuing resolution may now include funds responding to the threat of ISIL and the Syrian civil war. I remain deeply concerned about getting further involved in Syria. I believe it is difficult to tell friend from foe. However, it is clear that the terrorist group ISIL should not be allowed to have a safe haven in Syria. More details on the funding bill should be available early next week.
Op-ed of the Week: Threats to our Freedom Remain
Like many other Americans, Ill never forget where I was on September 11, 2001. I saw firsthand the damage to the Pentagon, passing plumes of black smoke rising as I drove to the Capitol on that morning.
READ MORE
Facebook
Podcast
Tell Joe Your Opinion
Issues
The 16th District
Ask Joe For Help
The Government
Legislation
Press
About Joe Pitts
Photo Gallery
Please feel free to
forward this email to your friends and family .
Recent Videos
My Plan for Jobs and Economic Growth
Rep. Pitts discusses his recent memo to constituents on creating jobs and economic growth.
Obamacare Lacks Basic Fraud Prevention
Rep. Pitts opens up a Health Subcommittee hearing looking at the inaccuracies in Obamacare applications and the lack of systems to verify eligibility.
Washington, D.C. Office
420 Cannon House Office Building
Washington, DC 20515
(1st Street and Independence Avenue)
202-225-2411
202-225-2013 (fax)
Chester County Office
Post Office Box 837
Unionville, PA 19375
(Routes 82 and 926)
610-444-4581
610-444-5750 (fax)
Lancaster Office
150 North Queen Street
Suite 716 (7th floor)
Lancaster, PA 17603
717-393-0667
717-393-0924 (fax)
Click Here Click Here