
If you are having trouble viewing this
message or would like to share it on a social network, you can
view the message online .
September 08, 2014
Unsubscribe
Update My Profile
Website
|
About
Doug
|
District Map
|
Constituent Services
|
Issues &amp; Legislation
|
News
|
Contact |
Dear Friend,
As summer draws to a
close and I return to Washington DC, I am reminded of the ingenuity,
hard work, and dedication displayed by the great people of the Fifth
Congressional District. All of these traits were on display as I visited
with constituents, business owners, veterans, visionaries, and
innovators during this summer district work period. As you will see in the
reports below, we have some amazing things happening here in
Colorado.
Bottom line, we live in
the best Congressional District in America and it is an honor and a
privilege to serve you in our nation's capital.
If you require any assistance with a federal
government agency, please do not hesitate to contact my local office at
(719) 520-0055.
Sincerely,
Policy Recap
Among the
important letters I sent in August are the following two. The first expressed
my support for Ft. Carson and the Colorado Springs Regional Business
Alliance's Keep Carson Strong initiative. Thanks to Andy Merritt and
the whole team at the Business Alliance for their hard work on this
effort. Please click
HERE
for more information on
Keep Carson Strong.
My second letter was
sent to the Chief of the Forest Service and expressed my concerns
with the Forest Service imposing restrictions on military training
operations on public lands.
Please see below for my latest op-ed in The Hill highlighting the
reckless foreign policy of the Obama
Administration:
"Foreign policy is not a golf
game"
By
Congressman Doug
Lamborn
In his recent speech, following the newly
established Israeli-Hamas cease-fire, Palestinian president Mahmoud Abbas saw
it necessary to thank the parties who brought about the accord. After
stressing his full appreciation to Egypt and Qatar, Abbas stated, It
is also useful to mention that John Kerry has exerted efforts and was
in constant contact with us to achieve this
cease-fire.
For the role it
played in mitigating this conflict, the U.S. received the participation
ribbon. In an attempt to have a greater share of the accolades,
Secretary of State Kerry has now committed to pay his way into the scene
and pledged American funds for the restoration of
Gaza.
The coalitions and
alignments in the Middle East are ever changing. New overt and covert
alliances are forged, but America is sitting on the bench. Gaza isnt
the only example of the U.S. being sidelined and irrelevant. Just
recently, reports emerged about a joint attack by our Saudi and Egyptian
allies on militants in Libya. The notification to the White House, and
to Kerry, was given only after the
fact.
This new phenomenon, ironically,
stems from The Solution. The presidents paradigm for approaching
world conflicts holds that in the 21st century every problem has a
smart, probable and peaceful solution. We were just told that we do not yet
have a strategy, however the president was very generous suggesting
solutions.
Thus, in Iraq, The only lasting solution is for Iraqis to come
together and form an inclusive government; in Syria, as we know,
Assad must go; and in the recent conflict in Gaza the administration
believed a cease-fire must be reached at all
costs.
And so in an attempt to
coerce Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu into a cease-fire, Kerry
attempted to sideline Egypt by turning to Turkey and Qatar, funders of
Hamas. The cease-fire was reached, technically being the same as the
original one suggested by Egypt at the outset. Yet, the administration was
out of the
loop.
In Iraq, the tactics were different. Declining to support
Kurdish forces, President Obama stubbornly and idly waited for Iraqi
politics to abide his solutions. Islamic State in Iraq and Syria
(ISIS) progress eventually forced Prime Minister Nouri al-Malikis ouster.
This, however, came at the price of Christians being beheaded and
crucified, and the Yazidis fleeing and being trapped in the mountains.
Obamas reluctance to address the ISIS threat during the early stages
paved the way for its expansion and its recruitment of soldiers and
arms.
Through simple words and the suggestion of a solution, Obama believes the
world will follow his cue. In reality America is not setting the
tone; rather we are marching to the beat of our enemys drums. ISIS, a
small army, has managed to throw the strongest and greatest nation, and
the region, off
balance.
History is not a golf course. It is not a solo
game, based on the right club and angle, where scoring is based solely on
your own tactics and
performance.
Foreign policy and the leadership of
world affairs call for skills of long-term strategy much like soccer or
basketball. It does not require a single solution. It does call for
much resolution. It is of essence to study the foes strategy, size and
aptitude, to have awareness of the multiple players. It is not about
the tactics of one play, but about playing out and managing a strategy
for the full game. Well-considered strategy is what American needs,
not more talk of utopian
solutions.
What's Happening in
the Fifth Congressional
District
ADDRESSING IMPORTANT VETERANS
ISSUES
I had a very productive meeting with my Veterans Advisory Board. This
group of volunteers meets with me periodically to cover a variety of
topics important to our local veterans community. During this meeting,
we discussed the new VA Super Clinic, recent VA reform legislation,
and the latest on
the Pikes Peak National VA Cemetery. Thanks to the AspenPointe
Cafe for hosting our
meeting.
DEFENSE
ISSUES
National security should be the number one priority for our national
government. In fact, the Constitution describes it as the priority
job of the government in Article One, Section Eight. That is why I place
a high priority on staying in close contact with our local military
and defense communities. That way, I am able to be a well-informed
advocate for our defense policies to my fellow Members of Congress in my
Committees and Subcommittees on Capitol
Hill.
It was a privilege to bring House
Armed Services Committee Vice Chairman, Congressman Mac Thornberry
(TX-13) to Colorado Springs for a comprehensive tour of our local military
installations. Congressman Thornberry is likely to be the next
Chairman of the House Armed Services Committee and it was a good thing for
him to see our important local mission with his own eyes. He came away
very impressed with our missions, our level of community support, and
described our diverse facilities and capabilities as being a part of
the future of warfare.
Please click
HERE
to watch our television interview with FOX 21 and
HERE
to listen to our radio interview with AM
740 KVOR's Richard
Randall
Congressman Thornberry and I meeting with Joe Raso and Andy Merritt of the
Colorado Springs Business Alliance and Don Addy, Co-Founder of Citizen
Soldier Connection. We discussed the future of our local military
installations and the Keep Carson Strong campaign
With
Dr. Jim Armstrong,
MDA CIO and Mr. John James, Executive Director, MDA following a tour
of the Missile Defense Integration and Operations Center at Schriever
AFB
Meeting with soldiers at Fort Carson
Dining
with the 10th Special Forces Group Airborne at Fort
Carson
Staying connected with our local small, medium, and large
defense companies is an important part of my job. I always appreciate
when they are able to give me tours of their facilities to update me
on their operations and allow me to meet local employees and hear
their concerns.
Ball Aerospace
Touring the Ball Aerospace
Colorado manufacturing facility. From the Hubble Space Telescope to many
smaller satellites, Ball Aerospace products fulfill a variety of roles
in America's satellite constellation
Boeing
Receiving a briefing from the Boeing leadership
team
Fielding questions at an employee
meeting
Thanks to
Carol Anderson, Mike Shilkitus, David Eddy, Tony Przybyslawski, Mike
Pound, John Frederick, and the rest of the Boeing leadership team for
the informative and comprehensive update
Cosmic AES
With CEO
Carol Zanmiller
This women-owned small business specializes in
signals and space-based activity. They are even working on some cutting
edge technologies to improve border security
Northrop
Grumman
Taking
questions from Northrop Grumman employees
Thanks to Corporate Lead Executive Russ Anarde for the update tour on
the innovative operations occurring at Northrop Grumman in Colorado
Springs
Defense Services Contracting Roundtable
Thank you to the representatives of
the small, medium, and large local defense companies that joined me
for a very informative discussion on defense services contracting. I
look forward to continuing the dialogue with: Carol Zanmiller of Cosmic
AES, Joe Taffe of COLSA, Radames Toro of Barnett Engineering and
Signaling Laboratories LLC, Joseph Kahoe of MEI Technologies, David Shiller
of Lockheed Martin, Gordon Bate of Aegis Technologies, David
Hollenback of DSoft Technology, Wes Georges of Apogee Engineering LLC, Joe
Wysocki of Scitor, and Monty White of Colorado Professional
Resources
Defense Advisory Board
Meeting with my Defense Advisory Board. This volunteer group
meets with my to periodically discuss topics and concerns in the
defense policy realm
MEETING LOCAL COMPANIES AND
ORGANIZATIONS
AspenPointe
Thanks to
AspenPointe's Director of Operations Brian Toon and Director of Career
Services Stacey Burns for a tour of the incredible facility and program at
the AspenPointe Cafe at
the Citizens Service Center.
AspenPointe serves more than 30,000 individuals and families each year through
services in mental health, substance abuse, employment &amp; career
development, education, housing, jail diversion/reintegration, telephonic
wellness and provider network
services
Janska
Clothing
Fantastic and informative tour at Janska Clothing. This innovative
company makes innovative, creative, and beautiful 100% American-made
garments designed and put together right here in Colorado
Springs
Thanks to President Jan Erickson and her team for the
tour
IP
Automation
Thanks to President Jan Erickson and
her team for the impressive tour. Thanks to Ilia Petkov and his team
at IP Solutions for hosting a meeting between myself and local railroad
and manufacturing representatives to discuss regulatory challenges
being faced in their industries
Colorado Bankers
Association
Thanks to
Colorado Bankers Association President and CEO Don Childears for the
meeting discussing the negative impacts being felt in Colorado's
banking system thanks to the avalanche of regulation coming from the
Dodd-Frank Bill
Colorado Broadcasters Association
Very informative meeting with Justin Sasso and
other local members of the Colorado Broadcasters Association. We
discussed a variety of issues designed to strengthen local media outlets
and their ability to serve the community
Memorial
Hospital
Thanks
to Memorial Health System CEO George Hayes and his team for the
meeting discussing healthcare and TRICARE issues in Colorado
Springs
Constituent Economics
Meeting
Thanks to the Wyndham
Grand Mining Exchange Hotel in Downtown Colorado Springs for hosting a
constituent meeting. We covered multiple topics with particular focus on
economic issues like the renewal of the Export-Import
Bank
Leadership Team from UCCS
I appreciated the opportunity to sit down
with UCCS Vice Chancellor Martin Wood and some of his leadership team to
discuss their new Lance Center for Academic Health Sciences. This
facility is doing important mental and physical healthcare work for our
veterans and wishes to expand their role in this field. I applaud their
desire to serve the community and my office will be partnering with
them to help work out issues they are currently having in their efforts
with the VA healthcare system
Leadership Team from
Monument
Thank you to
Monument Mayor Rafael Dominguez, Danette Lilja, President, Trilakes
Economic Development Corporation, and Terri Hayes, Executive Director,
Trilakes Chamber of Commerce for meeting with me to discuss regional
issues in Northern El Paso
County
Interesting Articles and Recommended
Reading
Foreign Policy Is Not A Golf
Game
by Congressman Doug Lamborn
Russia Always
Cheats on Arms Treaties
by Keith Payne and Mark
Schneider
The Growing Threat of an EMP Attack
by James Woolsey and Peter
Pry
Pushing Back Against Obama's War on Coal
by Mike Kelly
Cease the Ceasefires
by
Thomas Sowell
CONTACT INFORMATION
WASHINGTON OFFICE
2402 Rayburn HOB |
Washington, DC 20515
Phone: (202) 225-4422
Fax: (202)
226-2638
DISTRICT OFFICES 1125 Kelly Johnson Blvd., Suite
330
Colorado Springs, CO 80920
Phone: (719)
520-0055 |
Fax: (719) 520-0840
DISTRICT OFFICES
415 Main Street |
Buena Vista, CO 81211
Phone: (719) 520-0055 |
Fax: (719) 520-0840
Update My
Profile
-
Unsubscribe
-
Privacy
Policy
gateway mail end
