
If you are
having trouble viewing this message or would like to share it on a social
network, you can
view the
message online .
About
Contact
Services
Media Center
Legislation
Issues
Resources
August 31, 2014
Friends,
Wow. I
cannot believe how fast time flies. As we head into Labor Day, I hate to
see summer end, but I'm excited to think about back to school,
football season gearing up, and a little break from the
heat.
I just wrapped up a great week traveling the district and meeting with
folks to hear their concerns and discuss ways to help revitalize our
local communities.
Weeks like this are the favorite parts of
my job because I enjoy spending time in our communities hearing
directly from my employer-- each of you!
On Monday
I had
the opportunity to meet with North Carolina farmers who are so vital to
the success and prosperity of our state. Agriculture is our number
one industry, and I wanted to hear directly from our farmers about
implementation of the new Farm Bill.
One of my stops was in
Robeson County to discuss the farm bill and ways that the Department
of Agriculture can assist local farmers with some of their questions. I
will continue to work with the USDA to ensure that these farmers get
timely and satisfactory responses.
I also had to
opportunity to tour a long term job creator in our district when I
stopped by McRae Industries in Montgomery County. Founded in 1959 with
the primary focus of manufacturing high quality childrens shoes, this
family business began making combat boots for the Department of Defense
in 1966 to equip our troops in Vietnam. Forty years after that first
contract, McRae Industries continues to provide quality combat boots
to the men and women serving this great nation. McRae has also
diversified in the private sector and owns the popular western boot brands
Laredo, Dingo, and Dan Post.
This is the kind of quality
manufacturing that Im working hard every day to encourage and help keep right
here in North Carolina.
Small
businesses form the foundation of this countrys economy and the Eighth
District is home to many. I was able to visit a few this week during my Main
Street tour in Lexington. Speaking firsthand with local entrepreneurs
helped me to gain a better understanding of how Washingtons policies
are impacting jobs.
I am so impressed by those who work
incredibly hard every day to build quality business in their communities
that provide employment opportunities and foundations for growth in the
local economy.
Now more than ever, its clear to me that we
need a pro-growth plan that gets government off the backs of our
job-creators and returns power to American workers and
entrepreneurs.
Few industries have the far-reaching impact on our
economy like real estate does. As the real estate market begins its
recovery it is important that your elected leaders ensure that polices are
put in place to empower the individuals, families, and job creators in
our community instead of bureaucrats in Washington.
This week,
I sat down with leaders from the real estate community to gain a
better understand of how we can work together to reduce regulations and
encourage investments back into our local economies.
The tepid
economic recovery has stifled numerous industries, particularly the
housing industry. I continue to believe that big government failed
policies led to this weak recovery and continues to be constrained by
regulations.
Based on all my time listening to so many
of you, it is clear you are frustrated with Washington these days.
I share your frustration, and I will continue to work as hard as
I can to fix our broken system and get the federal government out of
the way so we can put people back to work.
As
the weather cools, the leaves change and that high school football
season gets into full swing, rest assured that my focus remains on
representing you with common sense and continuing to work across the aisle to
get things
done.
Until next
week,
Richard
Hudson
Member of Congress
(NC-08)
Concord Office
325 McGill
Ave, NW
Suite 500
Concord, NC
28027
Phone: (704) 7861612
Rockingham Office
1015
Fayetteville Rd
Rockingham, NC 28379
Phone: (910) 9972070
Washington D.C. Office
429 Cannon HOB
Washington, DC 20515
Phone: (202) 2253715
Unsubscribe
|
Update My Profile
|
Privacy Policy
