
If you are having trouble viewing this
message or would like to share it on a social network, you can
view the message online .
September 12, 2014
Unsubscribe
Update My Profile
Website
|
Meet Rodney
|
11th
District
Services
|
Newsroom
|
Contact
Rodney
The Week Just
Past:
Remembering September 11 th
Thirteen years
have passed since the terrorist attacks on our nation, but time has
not erased the memory of those we lost on that terrible day. In honor of
those who died at the World Trade Center, the Pentagon, and on United
Flight 93, including the 700 New Jerseyans who lost their lives that
fateful day, I
spoke
on the House floor
yesterday morning.
Last night, I had the privilege of attending
Livingston Townships September 11 Memorial Service, a truly moving
tribute.
Honoring the Heroes of
9/11
Earlier this week Congress
bestowed
the
Congressional Gold Medal on the Fallen Heroes of 9/11 in a moving
ceremony at the Capitol. A medal will be presented to the National
September 11 Memorial &amp; Museum in New York City, the Flight 93 National
Memorial near Shanksville, Pennsylvania, and the National Pentagon 9/11
Memorial in Arlington, Virginia.
This solemn act of
remembrance and tribute will forever serve as a reminder of the lives lost in
the terrorist attacks, as well as a reminder that we must remain
vigilant to ensure our nation is protected against any future such
assaults.
WSJ: The Presidents War
Plan
In recent weeks, the American people have awakened to the dire
threat posed by the terrorist group, Islamic State in Iraq and Syria
(ISIS), a brutal extremist organization.
I welcome the Presidents new
focus on ISIS and how we win the war against these terrorists as
their numbers appear to be growing and President Assads removal seems to
have become a secondary objective.
As this
Wall
Street Journal
editorial
asserts, the real test will be if the Presidents actions match his
rhetoric.
A Must Read
David Ignatius: Stepping warily
onto the battlefield
Washington
Post
columnist David Ignatius
writes , Obama has come gradually and reluctantly to his conclusion
that U.S. military action is necessary against the self-described
Islamic State that has taken root in Iraq and Syria. But there are some
obstacles and potential dangers hidden in the fog of policy. These
arent arguments against strong policy so much as warnings of possible
unintended consequences.
As the Administration lays out
its plans for destroying ISIS, I will expect to hear these concerns,
among others, addressed by the White House and the Pentagon before
Congress acts on the Presidents requests. The Ignatius op-ed outlines
the questions that need answers from the
President!
Stimulating Economic Growth for All
Americans
Americas economy continues to limp along, barely growing and not creating
enough jobs and opportunity for American workers. The country
continues to experience the slowest recovery from recession since World War
II, with the lowest level of labor-force participation since the Carter
years. As William Galston argues in this compelling
op-ed , we need a president who will push for policies that
benefit all Americans.
The House has passed more than 40 bills to
expand opportunity and create jobs for American workers.
Unfortunately, they sit gathering dust on Harry Reids Senate desk. Its long past
time President Obama stand up for Americas workers by urging the
Senate to take action on these bills.
But better late than
never.
Our Military Battling
Ebola
Continuing its role as the worlds first responder, the Defense
Department announced this week that it is sending a 25-bed hospital to Liberia
in western Africa to help in the fight against the deadly Ebola virus
there. Equipping, and logistical and training details must be worked
out before the hospital can be loaded onto an aircraft transport to
deliver it to the stricken nation.
In addition to the
hospital, DOD officials reported that active discussions are going on across
the whole United States government about the threat posed by this
terrible disease and the urgency with which the international community
needs to respond to it.
DOD has had military physicians in West
Africa treating patients with the Ebola virus and battling its rapid
spread.
The majority of the operation is being paid for out
of existing Pentagon funding.
As with the Navy and Marine
Corps response to last years typhoon in the Philippines, this is an
example of the U.S. military rising to meet a dire humanitarian
need.
Salute: Randolph High School Girls Soccer
Team
I salute the hundred-plus young women affiliated with
the Randolph High School soccer program who participated in the
Kaleidoscope of Hope Walk in Morris Township this past Sunday to raise money
and awareness about ovarian cancer.
According to the teams
website: Kaleidoscope of Hope is near and dear to RHS Girls
soccer.
Program dedication to this cause is two fold: past
player/graduate Devon Vandenbergs mother, Beverly, passed away from Ovarian Cancer
during Devons freshman year and also for other members of the program
whose lives have been affected by cancer.
More
information about Kaleidoscope of Hope New Jersey can be found
here .
Salute: The Canal Society of New
Jersey and the Morris Canal
Greenway
Congratulations to the members of the Canal Society of New Jersey and everyone else
involved in continuing to preserve historic canals and to advance
efforts to construct new greenway trails along much of the Morris Canal.
This historic canal, which stretched 102 miles, including areas of Lake
Hopatcong and Little Falls, was in operation from 1831 to 1924.
You can read about the latest progress in the Canal Societys
newsletter , On The Level.
Contact Information
WASHINGTON,
D.C.
2306 Rayburn House Office Building
Washington,
DC 20515-3011
(202) 225-5034
NEW JERSEY
30
Schuyler Place, Second Floor
Morristown, NJ 07960
(973)
984-0711
Update My Profile
-
Unsubscribe
-
Privacy
Policy
