
If you are having trouble viewing this message or would like
to share it on a social network, you can
view the message online .
Home
|
About
|
How Can I Help?
|
Media
|
Issues
|
The 6th
District
Stopping Russian
Aggression
Dear
Friends:
As you likely know, in March of this
year Russia seized and annexed the Ukrainian province of the Crimea.
Not satisfied with this unilateral act of aggression against a
neighboring country whose borders it guaranteed when the Ukraine gave up its
nuclear arsenal by signing the Budapest Memorandum of 1994, Russia
continues to foment a civil war in the eastern portion of the Ukraine.
Russias objective is to tear the Ukraine apart and create either a
rump state beholden to Russia or to ultimately annex yet more of the
Ukraine.
As a Marine Corps Combat Veteran and Member of
the House Armed Services Committee, international conflicts that may
impact our national security and that of our NATO allies are of great
concern to me. Accordingly, I have prepared a letter to the President,
urging immediate action to deter further Russian interference in the
Ukraine. I am circulating this letter amongst my House colleagues asking
them to also endorse this call for
action.
To be clear, I
support the Presidents earlier decisions to impose some economic
sanctions as well as the provision of limited amounts of non-lethal aid to
the Ukraine. Unfortunately these steps have not slowed the Russians
down.
I now believe the U.S. must take additional steps to support
the embattled democratically elected Ukrainian government.
The Ukraine will not successfully end this separatist threat until
the Russians realize the Ukraine has both the will and the means to
prevail.
Accordingly, the letter asks the President to
immediately provide the Ukrainians with appropriate defensive weapons and share
appropriate intelligence with the Ukraine so that it may operate one
step ahead of the
separatists.
We must support the Ukraine so
that it can swiftly end this conflict and restore its borders. This
will also send a clear message to Russia that any future acts of
aggression will face certain, swift, and effective opposition by the United
States
Sincerely,
Mike Coffman
U.S. Representative
If you would like to sign up
to receive regular email updates from Mike, please visit
this link
$ 18,863,236,801,855
Share on
Facebook
Share on LinkedIn
Share on
Twitter
House
committee to investigate VA crack house
incident
By: Kala Kachmar
M ontgomery Advertiser
Published August 21,
2013
The U.S. House Committee on Veteran's Affairs
is seeking answers about why a Tuskegee VA employee took a recovering
patient to a crack house and is still employed more than a year
later.
U.S.
Rep. Mike
Coffman , R-Colo., chairman of the subcommittee on oversight and
investigations, wrote a letter to VA Secretary Robert A. McDonald on
Thursday detailing the Montgomery Advertiser's Aug. 17 story on an
investigation that found the employee was guilty of patient abuse, misuse of
government vehicles, filing false overtime requests and multiple ethics
violations.
Coffman's
letter asks McDonald to provide information about the incidents,
including the employee's personnel file, performance reviews, pay,
disciplinary actions taken against him and the investigative
report.
"Considering the pervasive
violations of criminal law and VA policy perpetrated by the employee, I am
perplexed at how VA has chosen not to terminate his employment,"
Coffman
wrote in the
letter.
The letter also asks for a full explanation of the VA's decision,
along with all internal correspondence discussing disciplinary action.
It also asks whether VA plans to take any administrative or criminal
action, and whether it has sufficient authority to hold poorly
performing employees accountable.
In
March 2013, the employee brought a patient in the drug addiction
treatment program at the Central Alabama Veterans Health Care System to the
home of a known drug dealer in Tuskegee and left him there overnight,
according to the VA's official investigative police report from May
2013.
The employee "interfered with
the medical treatment plan" of the patient, further "endorsed" the
patient's drug addictions and exposed him to a "dangerous environment,"
the report said.
The patient was
discharged from the program when he returned to the VA seeking $600 the
employee "borrowed" from him, and according to the report from May
2013, was living at the Montgomery Salvation
Army.
The employee, who is still listed in the CAVHCS
employee directory and isn't listed in a human resources list showing
employees who retired, transferred or left this fiscal year, was a former
patient in the program and worked as a peer support
specialist.
On more than one occasion, the employee
took the patient and his roommate out to run official errands, but kept
them out for long periods of time while the employee conducted
personal business, including purchasing a vehicle, according to the
report.
The employee used a government
vehicle for his personal business, and was paid overtime for at least one
of the days, the report
said.
It's unclear if any administrative or criminal action against the
employee was taken. CAVHCS is one of more than 100 VA health systems under
investigation by the committee, which has Constitutional oversight
authority.
A House Committee on
Veteran's Affairs staffer said one of the biggest problems is getting VA
officials to respond to Congressional requests for
information.
Since the national scandal broke earlier
this year, the department hasn't responded the committee's requests
for weekly updates on disciplinary actions for employees involved in
scheduling and record manipulation, appointment delays and patient
deaths.
Washington Office
2443 Rayburn HOB
Washington, D.C. 20515
Phone: (202) 225-7882
Fax:
(202) 226-4623
District Office
Cherry
Creek Place IV
3300 S. Parker
Road, Suite #305
Aurora, CO
80014
Phone: (720)
748-7514
Fax: (720) 748-7680
Unsubscribe
|
Update My Profile
|
Privacy Policy
gateway mail end 