
Can't see the pictures? Select "Always display images" or
view this message in your browser
Flashback Friday
September 19, 2014
Share This
Email On:
Twitter
Facebook
Flashback Friday
One year ago, House Republicans were demanding billions of dollars in cuts to the Supplemental Nutritional Assistance Program (SNAP), early education, and a repeal of the Affordable Care Act. When they did not get what they want, they shut the government down.
On Wednesday, the House of Representatives passed a Continuing Resolution to keep the federal government open and serving the American people into December and avoid another disastrous Republican government shutdown. But while there is so much work left to do, Speaker Boehner has adjourned the House of Representatives until after the November election. House Democrats want to work, and we have consistently demanded that the House put middle class families first by:
Demanding immediate votes on legislation to get women the respect of
equal pay for equal work ; to
raise the federal minimum wage ; to ease the crushing burdens of student loan debt; to guarantee workers the fairness and flexibility of paid sick leave; and, to expand access to effective
early childhood learning ;
Pushing our
Women&rsquo;s Economic Agenda , because
When Women Succeed, America Succeeds ;
Passing comprehensive immigration
reform to create jobs and strengthen America;
Blocking corporate inversions by companies renouncing their citizenship to dodge paying their fair share of taxes;
Ending tax loopholes for corporations shipping jobs overseas.
It is irresponsible for the House of Representatives to go home with so much work left to do this year. We must stop tax policies that reward companies for shipping jobs overseas and start putting the middle class first by focusing on actions that can help strengthen all families &ndash; not just the wealthy and well connected. Now is the time to create jobs, empower families, and support workers so we can
jumpstart the middle class .
To follow Congresswoman Nancy Pelosi on Twitter, please
click here .
Don&rsquo;t Forget!
As a reminder to all San Franciscans who are interested in applying for a passport, the San Francisco Passport Agency will host Passport Day on Saturday, September 20, from 9:00 a.m. until 2 p.m. On Passport Day, no appointments are needed to apply for a passport, and customers can request routine or expedited service.
Click here
to find information on how to apply for a U.S. passport, including necessary documents and fees. To reduce your wait time, you may be interested in completing your application online and bring all completed, unsigned forms to the agency.
Event:
Passport Day
Date:
Saturday, September 20, 2014
Time:
9:00 a.m. - 2:00 p.m.
Where:
San Francisco Passport Agency
95 Hawthorne Street, 5th Floor
San Francisco, CA 94105
You may also obtain passport information by phone, in English and Spanish, by calling the National Passport Information Center toll-free at 1-877-487-2778.
Congresswoman Nancy Pelosi joins the national Women&rsquo;s Law Center and MomsRising.com on the Capitol lawn to promote the need for investment in early childhood education.
Please feel free to
forward this information to your family and friends . To learn more about these efforts, to express your views, or to sign up for email updates,
please visit my website . I am also on
Twitter at http://twitter.com/NancyPelosi .
best regards,
This mailing was prepared, published and mailed at taxpayer expense
Unsubscribe
Washington, DC
235 Cannon HOB
Washington, D.C. 20515
Phone: (202) 225-4965
Map it!
District Office
90 7th Street, Suite 2-800
San Francisco, CA 94103
Phone: (415) 556-4862
Map it!
Click Here
to be removed from this list
