
Can't see the pictures? Select "Always display images" or
view this message in your browser .
September 3, 2014
Equal Pay for Equal Work
An average American woman has to work an extra 60 days per year to catch up with her male counterpart&rsquo;s paycheck. In the 21st-century, when women are equally qualified and equally productive, they should be equally paid. While we've made progress in narrowing the wage gap between men and women in some industries, we still have more work to do.
Equal pay is not just a women's issue. It impacts everyone because it lowers family incomes to pay for essentials like groceries, doctors' visits and child care.
When everyone earns equal pay for equal work, the entire family benefits. I am cosponsoring the
Paycheck Fairness Act
to strengthen women&rsquo;s labor rights, and I will continue working with my colleagues to ensure everyone earns equal pay for equal work.
Labor Day
I hope everyone had the opportunity to celebrate Labor Day with friends and family, and enjoy beautiful Colorado.
More than 100 years ago, workers united in the Labor Movement to win critical rights for the American worker and help build the middle class. I&rsquo;m proud to represent so many hardworking Coloradans, and I will always work hard to ensure people have the opportunity to make it in America.
Ed meets with an Arvada family at his latest Government in the Grocery
Economy grew at strong 4.2% rate in second quarter
Consumer spending and investments pushed the economy to
a strong growth rate of 4.2%
in the second quarter of this year. This is another positive economic indicator, but we need to continue to strengthen the economy by investing in infrastructure, American manufacturing and
jumpstarting the middle class .
Veteran Homelessness Declining
There has been a 33% decline in homeless veterans since 2010, but nationwide there are still an estimated 49,933 veterans struggling to find long-term housing. We&rsquo;ve made big strides with the HUD-VASH program to make additional housing available, but many veterans are unaware of the available resources or are stuck in the process.
We still have a long way to go in fulfilling the promises we made to veterans, but I am confident we will resolve the problems with the VA and make sure every veteran can make a successful transition to civilian life with a good job, adequate health care and suitable housing.
If you know a veteran struggling with homelessness, please call my office at (303) 274-7944. My Constituent Services team is here to help.
Constituent Success Story
Several years ago, Wais Ahmedi moved to the United States to be closer to his family. Wais began participating in a citizenship class to learn American history and culture so he could one day become a citizen. Last year, he reached out to my office for more information on studying and learning about American government.
My staff shared literature about the U.S. government and Constitution to help him study. In July, he took and passed the U.S. citizenship test. Congratulations, Wais!
Connect With Me
Facebook
Twitter
YouTube
Congressman Ed Perlmutter
Unsubscribe
Washington DC Office
1410 Longworth House Office
Building
Washington, DC 20515
Phone: 202.225.2645
Fax: 202.225.5278
District Office
12600 West Colfax Avenue, Suite
B-400
Lakewood, CO 80215
Phone: 303.274.7944
Fax: 303.274.6455
Please do not reply to this email.
To contact me, please
click here
and let me know your thoughts on how I can better represent your beliefs and values in our nation's Capitol.
