
If you are having trouble
viewing this message or would like to share it on a social network, you
can
view the message
online .
About Lynn
|
Constituent Services
|
Issues
|
Media Center
|
Legislative Center
|
Georgia's Third District
|
Contact Me
September 21, 2014
Benghazi Select Committee Holds First
Hearing
On Wednesday, September 18, the U.S.
House of Representatives Select Committee on Benghazi held its first
hearing on the implementation of the Accountability Review Board
recommendations following the attack on the U.S. Embassy in Benghazi,
Libya.
This hearing is just the beginning
of the investigation. Reviewing the Accountability Review Board's
suggestions is the first hearing of many that will ensure that we not only
have all the facts, but we are also providing proper oversight of the
implementation from the review board's requests. This is important in
order to prevent a repeat of Benghazi at any other embassy. Now that
the Committee Minority began with this hearing request, its time to
roll up our sleeves and get to
work.
We have a long way to go in this investigation and I want the
American people to be confident that the buck stops here. We owe it to
the victims and their families, as well as all other Americans
serving in the U.S. Embassies across the world, to conduct a fair and
impartial investigation so the American people can finally know the
truth.
The Select Committee on Benghazi
was created by Speaker of the House John Boehner to investigate the
events leading up to, during, and after the attack on the U.S. Embassy in
Benghazi, Libya. In addition to the Select Committee on Benghazi,
where I also serve as Chairman of Oversight and Investigations on the
House Permanent Select Committee on
Intelligence.
To watch a video of my questioning of the witnesses,
please
CLICK
HERE .
Share on
Facebook
Share on Twitter
House Passes Bill to Audit the Federal
Reserve
The U.S. House of
Representatives has passed H.R. 24, the Federal Reserve Transparency Act of 2013.
H.R. 24 would require the Government Accountability Office to conduct
an official audit of the Federal Reserve System and Federal Reserve
banks within one year of the bills enactment. The GAO would then
present its findings in a report to Congress 90 days after the audit is
completed. I supported this
bill.
Government agencies, such as the Federal Reserve, have become these
large, bureaucratic corporations. There is always room to increase
accountability and oversight, and improving transparency is the place to
start. The president promised this administration would be the most
transparent yet, but the reality is its been anything but
that.
An audit of the Federal Reserve would
provide more clarity on where the American peoples hard-earned tax
dollars are actually going, and make sure it is going into the right
hands. I support this audit, as I have in the past, so that we can see
more accountability within our government agencies.
Share on Facebook
Share on
Twitter
Join the Conversation
Tell a Friend
E-mail:
In Other News
VIDEO: Westmoreland on "Lou Dobbs Tonight" to
Discuss Benghazi Hearing
On Wednesday, September 17,
2014, Congressman Lynn Westmoreland (R-GA) joined Fox Business' "Lou
Dobbs Tonight" to discuss the findings from the House Select Committee
on Benghazi's first hearing...
AUDIO: Westmoreland on Sam Malone in the
Morning
On Friday, September 12, Congressman Lynn Westmoreland
joined Sam Malone of 'Sam Malone in the Morning' in Houston, TX to
discuss the president's speech and the threat of
ISIL...
UPS Begins Hiring for
2014 Holiday Season
UPS announced that it expects to
hire between 90,000 - 95,000 seasonal employees to support the
anticipated holiday surge in package deliveries that will begin in October
and continue through January 2015...
2014 City of McDonough Job
Fair
The 2014 City of McDonough Job Fair will be held on Friday,
October 24, 10am-2pm, at McDonough Presbyterian Church. Registration is
not required and there is no cost to attend...
The Daily
Caller:
Koskinen: Hard Drive Crashes Continue As We
Speak
Internal Revenue Service (IRS) commissioner John Koskinen testified
Wednesday that the IRS did not save any of the information on Lois Lerners
destroyed Blackberry and that there is no outside system to store
agency emails...
WASHINGTON, DC
OFFICE 2433 Rayburn House Office Bldg Washington, DC
20515 Phone (202) 225-5901 Fax (202) 225-2515
THIRD DISTRICT OFFICE
1601-B East Highway 34 Newnan, Georgia 30265 Phone (770)
683-2033 Fax (770) 683-2042
Unsubscribe
|
Update My Profile
|
Privacy Policy
