
If you are having trouble viewing this message or would
like to share it on a social network, you can
view the message online .
HOME
CONTACT US
CONSTITUENT SERVICES
ISSUES AND LEGISLATION
August 31, 2014
Annual
Northeast Kansas Ag Tour :
This week, I visited
farmers and ranchers in Marshall, Nemaha, Doniphan and Atchison counties as
part of my annual Agriculture Tour in Northeast Kansas. Agriculture is
the biggest economic driver in our state, representing 25 percent of
the states total economy. The success of this industry is driven by
the men and women who put in long hours of hard work to feed, clothe,
and fuel the world.
The Ag Tour is about meeting with
farmers and ranchers to learn about their operations and discuss the issues
or policies that are impacting their farm and business. At every stop,
I heard that regulations threaten farmers and businesses every day.
The most recent proposal by the EPA, and the expansion of the Waters of
the U.S. rule, is especially troubling. Businesses continue to
express worry and uncertainty around the presidents healthcare law, and
most everyone is concerned with the patchwork of last-minute and
retroactive tax policies that have become far too frequent. These family
farmers and businesses want to invest in their operations, in their
communities, and in their employees, but the federal government seems all too
eager to make it difficult or impossible for them to do
so.
I want to thank Springhill Herefords, the Nemaha County Coop, MK
Minerals, Jirak Family Farms, and all of our ag partners for making this
tour possible. To view more pictures from the tour,
click here .
Springhill Hereford in Blue Rapids
Nemaha County Coop
in Seneca
Discussing Campus Accountability
&amp; Safety Act at KU :
This week, I had
the opportunity to discuss the Campus Safety and Accountability Act and
other sexual assault prevention initiatives with Chancellor Bernadette
Gray-Little along with studentsand faculty from the University of
Kansas as well as Title IX coordinators from Washburn and Kansas State
University.
Last month, I joined 18 of my colleagues to
introduce this bipartisan, sensible legislation to enhance training
standards at universities and help victims access confidential advisors who
can provide support in the wake of an assault. College campuses should
be places that foster learning and not places where the safety of
young women and men are at an increased risk.
As a mother,
this issue has become very personal to me and while I believe the
legislation can and should be improved upon, I am hopeful it will be passed
into law to enhance training standards at universities and help victims
access confidential advisors for support.
To learn more
about my meetings at KU, check out 6 News coverage
clicking here .
2014 Leadership Kansas
Class at Fort Leavenworth :
It was an honor to
speak to the 2014 Leadership Kansas class this week at Fort Leavenworth.
As an alumnus of leadership Kansas, I know first-hand how it teaches
and motivates our leaders to work together and make our state even
better.
To read more,
check out the report
from the Leavenworth Times.
I had a great time visiting
with staff at the Bowlus Fine Arts Center in Iola. I am so impressed
by all the local support the community has given to the center!
On Friday, I toured
Sonic Equipment in Iola, a leading provider for all things cinema.
The company is a great example of innovative small-business minds
working to fill market needs.
Thanks to Principal Kay Bolt and
Superintendent K.B. Criss for taking me around Humboldt Elementary School and
showing me all the ways they are integrating digital curriculum in
the classroom!
Please Feel Free to
Tell a Friend
E-mail:
E-mail:
E-mail:
Share on
Facebook Share on
Twitter
Washington, DC Office
1027 Longworth HOB
Washington, D.C. 20515
Phone: (202)
225-6601
Fax: (202) 225-7986
Pittsburg Office
1001 N. Broadway Street #C
Pittsburg, KS 66762
Phone: (620) 231-LYNN
(5966)
Fax: (620) 231-5972
Topeka Office
3550 SW 5th Street
Topeka, KS 66606
Phone: (785) 234-LYNN
(5966)
Fax: (785) 234-5967
Independence
Office
120 N. 6th Street
Independence, KS 67301
Phone: (620) 231-LYNN (5966)
Fax: (620) 231-5972
Unsubscribe
|
Update My
Profile
|
Privacy Policy
