
News
from
Representative
Scott
Perry
September 14, 2014
This week, President Obama delivered an address about his plans to deal with the situation with the terrorist group ISIS. Though he has waited far too long to lead on this issue, President Obama finally has begun a serious dialogue with the American people regarding his proposed strategy to combat ISIS. Without all of the specific details at this point, Im generally supportive of his intent, but weve heard tough rhetoric before. The President mentioned that American leadership abroad has been constant. Respectfully, Mr. President, were that true, we wouldnt be in this position right now. The end result of Libya, Syria and other foreign crises has been, in fact, a breathtaking failure of leadership.
We must have a clear objective moving forward and an endgame strategy. The President mentioned that ISIS has no vision; I vehemently disagree. In fact, ISIS has an extremely clear vision
a caliphate: the complete and utter destruction of Western Civilization. And theyre becoming more capable with every passing moment. ISIS poses a clear threat to the United States. Waiting until they plan
or execute - an attack will cost American lives, which we learned on September 11, 2001 and in Benghazi two years ago. Other nations throughout Europe and the Middle East have recognized that the time to act is long overdue, and theyre seeking U.S. support and leadership. If were serious about destroying this threat and its radical ideology, our coalition must conduct simultaneous operations in Iraq and Syria to deny ISIS a safe haven to plot and plan terrorist attacks. Air strikes alone will not defeat ISIS. Our allies are willing to lead the fight on the ground, but they wont succeed without U.S. support in areas like intelligence, refueling and special operations.
Americans are right to be skeptical about another foreign military operation in this part of the world. There are no good options and some tough questions to answer. I have some questions of my own: 1) Why doesnt military action of this scope require Congressional approval? 2) Who has command and control? 3) How is success measured? 4) Is the threat defined as a group operating within certain geographic parameters, or as the broader ideology ISIS seeks to spread even further throughout the world? 5) Were already more than $17 trillion in debt
whos paying for this? 6) How do we conduct operations in Syria without making the situation even worse, and then being responsible for cleaning it up? 7) When enemy combatants are captured, where will they be held? Our fellow Americans
especially our troops - deserve these answers before we commit any further resources.
I want to have confidence in the Presidents strategy and his stewardship, but I have strong concerns. When U.S. forces withdrew from Iraq in 2011, his Administration failed to negotiate an agreement that wouldve allowed a limited U.S. military presence to help the Iraqis keep extremist groups from filling the power vacuum. Instead, these ultra-radical jihadist groups have grown rapidly in both Iraq and Syria andhere we are. From a military perspective, Im also continually frustrated that the President keeps telling our enemies what we will and wont do regarding combat operations; it demonstrates a lack of tactical, strategic and, frankly, common sense.
Americans understandably are war weary, but this enemy is not. Madmen that revel in savage acts of torture are not individuals who respond to diplomacy. Hope is not a course of action
this is not going to get better until we take an active, decisive and vigilant role. ISIS brutal tactics highlight the worst of which humanity is capable and they must be stopped.
Sincerely,
Scott G. Perry
JOIN
ME
ON
Adams
County
Office
22
Chambersburg
Street
Gettysburg,
PA
17325
Phone:
717-338-1919
Fax:
717-334-6314
Cumberland/Dauphin
Counties
Office
730
North
Front
Street
Wormleysburg,
PA
17043
Phone:
717-635-9504
Fax:
717-635-9861
York
County
Office
2209
East
Market
Street
York,
PA
17402
Phone:
717-600-1919
Fax:
717-757-5001
Washington,
DC
Office
126
Cannon HOB
Washington,
DC
20515
Phone:
202-225-5836
Fax:
202-226-1000
Sign
Up
for
the
Member's
Newsletter:
Subscribe
Unsubscribe
to
the
Member's
Newsletter:
Unsubscribe
Please
do
not
reply
to
this
email.
The
mailbox
is
unattended.
To
share
your
thoughts
please
visit
my
webpage
-
http://perry.house.gov
Click Here
to view this email in your browser
Click Here
to be removed from this list