
If you
are having trouble viewing this message or would like to share it on a
social network, you can
view the message online .
About
Contact
Services
Media Center
Legislation
Issues
Resources
September 07, 2014
Friends,
With
the days still hot in North Carolina, its hard to imagine turning on
the heat, but winters cold temperatures could bring increased demand
for natural gas and increased energy costs for our families.
I
regularly hear concerns from constituents about the steady increase
in electricity and gas prices.
From skyrocketing prices at the
pump to soaring utility bills at home, folks are hurting because the
government continues to stand in the way of domestic energy
exploration and
production.
But this week, our district and North Carolina got some
very promising news
news that could lower energy prices for
homes and businesses, reduce our nations dependency on foreign oil,
and create jobs in our district.
It was announced that
four U.S. energy companiesDominion, Duke Energy, Piedmont Natural Gas
and AGL Resources plan to build the proposed Atlantic Coast Pipeline
which will conclude in Robeson County.
I am committed to
ensuring Robeson County and all of the eighth district benefit from the
construction of this pipeline , from creating construction jobs,
to attracting new manufacturers and ensuring energy is pursued in an
environmentally responsible
way.
Currently, western North Carolina is home
to the Transcontinental Pipeline, the only interstate natural gas
pipeline in our state, which transports natural gas from the Gulf coast to
the Northeast. The proposed Atlantic Coast Pipeline will be a second
pipeline, serving the southeast and addressing the increasing demand
for natural gas.
The new pipeline will flow down south from the
shale basins of West Virginia, Pennsylvania and Ohio, bringing
natural gas and new industries into Robeson County and eastern North
Carolina.
Twenty-two of the 550-mile pipeline will be located in
Robeson County.
This pipeline will bring hundreds of much-needed jobs to our
state and will help fuel economic growth by keeping energy costs down
for families and businesses alike. The project is expected to create
over 700 construction jobs each year in our state during the building
phase and will have an economic impact of approximately $680
million.
Not only that, the pipeline has the potential to attract more
industries and manufacturers to our region.
With the right
policies in place, we could see more projects like this, develop more
American energy in an environmentally responsible way, and unlock the
potential for a more prosperous
America.
Our state is on the cusp of
unleashing our own natural resources through hydraulic fracturing and
offshore drilling. The challenge does not lie in our industry finding
these resources, but in man-made government regulatory hurdles that
prohibit us from allocating the time and investment to capitalizing on
them.
We have so much potential for growth, and Im committed to
cutting government red tape and burdensome regulations to allow our
state to take advantage of our natural resources.
We need the
right policies in place to create an environment where energy producers
can responsibly tap into these resources, create thousands of jobs
and transform our
economy.
With energy prices rising and
salaries declining, many hardworking families have to do more with less.
Thats why its so important that we pursue domestic energy production to
lower energy prices so that families can save more of their
hard-earned money.
I will continue to work with my colleagues to advance
commonsense legislation that creates jobs, reduces our dependence on
foreign energy, and lowers costs for
everyone.
Until next
week,
Richard Hudson
Member
of Congress (NC-08)
Concord
Office
325 McGill Ave, NW
Suite 500
Concord, NC 28027
Phone: (704) 7861612
Rockingham
Office
1015 Fayetteville Rd
Rockingham, NC 28379
Phone: (910)
9972070
Washington
D.C. Office
429 Cannon HOB
Washington, DC 20515
Phone:
(202) 2253715
Unsubscribe
|
Update My
Profile
|
Privacy Policy
gateway mail
end 