
WASHINGTON/ARKANSAS UPDATE
Congress heads back to washington
Following a five-week Congressional recess, the U.S. House and Senate will begin voting again Monday. I've immensely enjoyed traveling across Arkansas' First District during the recess and plan to take feedback I received to Capitol Hill.
One of the items I anticipate the House will consider next week is legislation addressing the Environmental Protection Agency's proposed "Waters of the United States" rule. I look forward to working with my House colleagues to ensure this federal agency cannot follow through with its attempted power grab.
For more information about this rule, check out my
WEEKLY COLUMN
written a few weeks back.
THE LEGISLATIVE WEEK AHEAD IN THE U.S. HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES...
To learn more about Rick's legislative schedule next week in the U.S. House of Representatives, click
HERE .
On Tuesday, I traveled to Chicot County, nestled alongside the Mississippi River and bordering Mississippi to the east and Louisiana to the south. I stopped by the Lake Village Fire Department to meet with (from left) Joe Mencer, Jerry Seamans, Chicot County Judge Mack Ball, Lake Village Mayor JoAnne Bush, Bill Elliott, Sam E. Angel, Billy Elliott, and Sammy Angel.
Before leaving Chicot County, I visited the historic Lakeport Plantation home owned and operated by Arkansas State University. Despite the rain, I thank Dr. Blake Wintory (right) of ASU for giving me a tour. I could spend hours there!
On Wednesday, I visited Mississippi County, stopping to meet Gosnell Mayor Don Marshall at the city's Veterans Memorial. This memorial, dedicated in 2012, is a meaningful reminder of the men and women who have fought to secure our freedoms.
I made my way to Baxter County on Thursday, touring the new home of Mountain Home resident Jamie Cutsforth (left). Jamie's home, made possible through the Mutual Self Help Housing Program overseen by Vickey Stratton, is beautiful. I wish her years of happiness in it!
Recess Highlights Include Farm Tour
Each August, Congressional members head back to their districts for an annual five-week recess extending into the first half of September. And for five weeks, there are no House Floor debates, no Conferences between the House and Senate, and no House votes. Its five weeks of home, allowing us time to visit and inform constituents about impactful federal issues while also gathering feedback about how we can better represent our districts.
One of my highlights each recess revolves around our biggest industry in Arkansas First District
agriculture.
First District agriculture accounts for about $5 billion in products sold, with about 22,000 growers harvesting or raising those products on nearly eight million acres. In turn, many of those growers directly supply gainful employment to residents of our local communities while indirectly supplying employment for many agricultural and local businesses.
Agriculture, indeed, exerts a heavy influence on our primarily rural district, extending as far as our culture. Its common to see pickup trucks sporting logos of their owners favorite implements or to see farm hats worn around town. And then theres all the places having rice, cotton, or some other ag product in their name.
Even if we dont farm, many of us still identify with it.
Consequently, sometime during each August, my office begins a farm tour, lasting at least a week and extending into as many of our districts 30 counties as we can manage. This year, we visited a wide range of agricultural production and businesses in 12 counties, where I saw thriving crops spattered across the district. Talking with the men and women who grow them showed me the pride they take in producing high-quality food and fiber.
I also heard concerns they have for the future of farming.
Federal regulations, such as the Environmental Protection Agencys Waters of the United States rule and the U.S. Fish and Wildlife Services Critical Habitat Designations for two mussel species in Arkansas, continue to cast doubtful shadows on a First District producers ability to farm. The concerns are that even if these regulations allow farming operations to take place, theyre so restrictive and cost prohibitive that it makes no sense to continue producing.
And then theres the age issue.
The average age of a U.S. farmer currently sits at 58. So, while we undoubtedly value and need our older producers, they readily admit they wont produce for too much longer. We need younger people invested in agriculture; people like First District peanut grower Steven Jackson, who I met while on a field tour in Lawrence County. Steven and young people like him are the future of our food security, and I will push Washington to pay attention to the gray hairs on our current workforce.
So, thirty, forty, fifty, or more years from now, people will still talk about the importance of First District agriculture. And we may even see that occasional farm bumper sticker or hat around town.
WEBSITE
|
UNSUBSCRIBE
|
CONTACT
Click Here Click Here