
RAND'S NEWSLETTER UPDATE
AUGUST 29, 2014
Please allow me to update you on my happenings from the past few weeks.
Dr. Rand Paul's Medical Mission Trip to Guatemala
Last week, I traveled to Guatemala on a medial mission trip with the University of Utah's Moran Eye Center. During the week over 200 patients, many of them blind with cataracts, had their vision restored.
Operating with some of the most talented surgeons in the U.S. was an incredible experience, but nothing compares to emotions of post-op day one when we unveiled the patches. The smiles on the faces of previously blind patients are priceless and a reward in and of itself.
My first connection with Guatemala was in the 1990's. I performed pro-bono cataract surgeries on several children from Guatemala in Bowling Green, KY. At the time, I did not realize that fifteen years later, I would be on my way to Guatemala and be reunited with these same children - an incredible experience that I will never forget.
(Dr. Rand Paul's medical mission trip in Guatemala, Photo Credit: Washington Post - August 18, 2014)
Dr. Rand Paul Meets with Workers at Catlettsburg Refinery
On Saturday, Aug. 23, I visited the Catlettsburg Refinery, located just outside of Catlettsburg, and met with the leadership team and workforce.
(Dr. Rand Paul meets with Workers at the Catlettsburg Refinery - August 23, 2014)
Office of Sen. Paul,
Kentucky Department of Agriculture
Host Open House at Hemp Pilot Project in Pembroke
On Monday, my Senate office and the Kentucky Department of Agriculture held an informational open house at the Kentucky Hemp Pilot Project in Pembroke. Local leaders and members of law enforcement were on hand to meet and discuss issues with staff from my office and KDA. Thank you to farmer Jeff Davis for hosting the open house.
(Farmer Jeff Davis at the Kentucky Hemp Pilot Project in Pembroke - August 25, 2014)
(The Kentucky Hemp Pilot Project in Pembroke - August 25, 2014)
Offices of Sen. Paul, Rep. Guthrie to Host U.S. Service Academy Information Fair
This coming Tuesday, Sept. 2, my Senate office and the office of Rep. Brett Guthrie will host a U.S. Service Academy Information Fair. The event will be held at the Carroll Knicely Conference Center (2355 Nashville Rd.) in Bowling Green.
The fair is intended to provide information to high school students and parents regarding the U.S. Air Force, U.S. Coast Guard, U.S. Merchant Marine, U.S. Military and U.S. Naval academies, as well as the nomination process. Representatives from all five academies will be on hand and available both before and after the program to answer any questions that students and parents may have.
Participants are asked to RSVP by calling my Main State Office in Bowling Green at (270) 782-8303. Here is the event information:
TIME:
Registration: 5:30 p.m. CT (6:30 p.m. ET); Event begins: 6:00 p.m. CT (7:00 p.m. ET)
LOCATION:	Carroll Knicely Conference Center, 2355 Nashville Rd., Bowling Green, KY 42101
Dr. Rand Paul Featured in Futures Magazine 500th Issue
I am extremely honored to be featured in Future Magazine's 500 th
monthly issue. Be sure to read my interview ranging from a wide variety of topics including; corporate inversions and tax policy, The Federal Reserve, and the war on drugs.
Click
HERE
to read the interview in its entirety.
Media Wrap-Up
These past two weeks, I appeared on NBC's
Meet the Press
and the
Today Show , and
Fox's On the Record with Greta Van Susteren . I also penned an op-ed in the Wall Street Journal, ' How U.S. Interventionists Abetted the Rise of ISIS. '
Have An Issue Or Concern?
If you are a Kentucky resident and need assistance with a federal agency or concern, feel free to contact the Bowling Green office (270-782-8303) to have a discussion with the appropriate staff member.
Stay in Touch with Sen. Paul's Social Media
You can find updates on what I'm doing by visiting my Senate website,
www.paul.senate.gov
and you can follow my official Google+ account
HERE . You can also subscribe to my YouTube channel
HERE . Don't forget to become a fan of my
official Facebook page
and my
official Instagram page
for other timely updates.
Warm Regards,
To unsubscribe from Rand's newsletter, please visit the
unsubscribe page
