
If you are having trouble viewing this
message or would like to share it on a social network, you can
view the message online .
Home
|
About
|
How Can I Help?
|
Media
|
Issues
|
The 6th District
Buckley Air Force Base and Our National
Security
Dear
Friends:
Recently, I visited the
respective commanders of two of the largest units at Buckley Air Force Base
here in Aurora.
The two units are the 140 th
Tactical
Fighter Wing and the 460 th
Space Wing. These visits always
remind me of the importance of Buckley to our national security, our
military, and the impact of the base on our
community.
Much of what the
460 th
Space Wing does is classified, but what is public is its mission
is to control the satellites that globally provide indications of
missile launches.
This is a mission vital to our national security
and is essentially unique to Buckley.
The 140 th
Tactical Fighter Wing
flies F-16s and represents the base in a more visible way. The fighter
jets you frequently see flying overhead on weekends are from this
Colorado Air National Guard unit. The majority of its members are citizen
airmen, members of our community who live and work here in
Colorado.
I am proud to
have such a vital base here in the 6 th
Congressional
District. This is also why I am closely watching the criteria the Air Force
is using to determine which Guard and Reserve F-16 wings will receive
the new F-35. The F-35 is the replacement for the F-16 but the Air
Force will not procure as many F-35s as it has F-16s. The Air Force has
told me that wings which dont receive the F-35 will not receive another
flying mission.
Those bases that do not receive F-35s are much more likely to
close through the Base Realignment and Closure Process (BRAC) than those
which do. A BRAC is expected to occur as the military once again
contracts.
We all likely remember the closure of Lowry. Lowry was a
thriving center for the Air Force, but it ceased to have an active
runway in the late 1960s. When it came time to close bases, as the Air
Force shrank at the end of the cold war, those without active runways were
the first on the chopping block.
The criteria to determine which bases will
receive the F-35 are heavily weighted toward one arbitrary factor:
distance to training ranges.
However, there are other important
factors that are not being considered that Buckley has, such as better
weather conditions and access to the ranges, over other bases.
Im working with the Colorado Air National Guard and the Air Force to
make sure that all of the factors that merit their decisions are
included in the process, not just for the benefit of Buckley and the Colorado
Air National Guard, but to provide the best training and ultimately,
the highest readiness possible.
Given the quality of Buckleys facilities, the
breadth of training areas, and most of all the personnel I met at Buckley
I am confident that the right criteria for our nation will also prove
best for our Colorado fighter
wing.
Sincerely,
Mike Coffman
U.S.
Representative
If you would like to sign up to receive regular email updates from
Mike, please visit
this
link
$ 18,917,213,586,108
Share on Facebook
Share on
LinkedIn
Share on Twitter
Veterans Affairs IG
stonewalls Congress on draft report over bogus appointments
lists
By: Mark
Flatten
Washington
Examiner
Published September 5, 2014
A draft report that could show whether top officials at the
Department of Veterans Affairs pressured the agencys inspector
general to soften its damning assessment of patient deaths at a Phoenix
hospital is being withheld from a congressional oversight committee, the
Washington Examiner has learned.
Richard
Griffin, acting inspector general at the veterans agency, is refusing to
turn over the draft version, which was submitted to top VA officials
for comment prior to the publication of the final version on Aug.
26.
Catherine Gromek, spokeswoman for the IG,
confirmed Thursday the draft version of the report is being withheld,
adding that is the offices normal practice. That could change, she
said.
The first request we did decline to provide
in keeping with our practices, Gromek said. I dont think were at
the total refusal level at this point in time.
Inspectors general are independent watchdogs within federal
departments. Draft inspection reports are normally provided to agency
administrators for comments, which can lead to revisions between the drafts and
final versions that are made public.
The VA
inspector generals final report confirmed the widespread use of
inappropriate practices to hide unacceptable delays in care at the Phoenix
hospital. It also found 20 patients died after unacceptable delays or
substandard care. But it concluded no deaths could be directly
attributed to those delays.
While the case reviews
in this report document poor quality of care, we are unable to
conclusively assert that the absence of timely quality care caused the deaths
of these veterans, the final version of the report
said.
Allegations that waiting lists were being falsified in
Phoenix publicly surfaced in April. Rep. Jeff Miller, R-Fla., chairman
of the House Committee on Veterans Affairs, disclosed at a committee
hearing that a whistleblower claimed secret waiting lists were being
kept at the Phoenix facility and as many as 40 patients died waiting
for treatment.
Miller directed the IG to fully
investigate the complaints.
The whistleblower
was later revealed to be Dr. Sam Foote, a former doctor at the
Phoenix VA hospital. Foote had initially gone to the inspector general in
October 2013 with allegations that patient appointment schedules were
being falsified.
After several months without
resolution by the IG, Foote took his charges to Millers
committee.
Foote told the Examiner Thursday he went to the
House committee February because the IG did not seem to be taking his
allegations seriously.
They were ducking it
all the way, he said of the early stages of the IGs investigation.
Nothing was changing in Phoenix. My assumption was they were just
going to bury this and never act on it," Foote said of his decision to
take his charges to Congress.
The IGs handling
of Footes allegations between his initial complaint and Millers
revelations were questioned by
Rep. Mike Coffman ,
R-Colo., chairman of the House Veterans Affairs subcommittee on oversight and
investigations, in an Aug. 19, 2014, letter to
Griffin.
Coffman told the Examiner late Thursday that he remains
concerned
"It's disappointing that it appears
the culture of the VA isn't changing,"
Coffman
said.
"I have serious concerns about the independence of the inspector
general and the IG's most recent stonewalling only heightens those
suspicions. The American people deserve to know the truth."
Coffman raised similar concerns in his Aug. 19 letter to the
IG.
Though the final report had not been
released, Coffman specifically asked Griffin to describe the steps the IG
took to investigate Footes allegations between the time he initially
raised them in late 2013 and their disclosure by Miller in
April.
Please explain, in detail, the progress of the
investigation from that original disclosure up to the request by the
committee for the OIG to open an investigation in April 2014, Coffman said
in his letter.
Coffman also questioned the
standard the IG would use to determine whether delays caused patient
deaths. Rather than the "conclusively assert" language that was
ultimately used in the final report, Coffman noted in his letter to Griffin
that the standard normally used by VA in making those assessments is
"more likely than not."
"The VA uses a greater
than 50% or 'more likely than not' standard for determining service
connected conditions," Coffman noted in his letter to
Griffin.
"It is not necessary for your office to conclude to a
100 percent certainty, an unrealistic standard that is not that used by
VA and will assuredly overlook Veterans who more than likely died
from delays in care,"
Coffman
said. "Did someone within
VA attempt to persuade the OIG not to use the greater than 50%
standard?"
Coffman also sought a copy of the draft
report on the Phoenix investigation.
Griffin
responded three days later. He did not describe what IG investigators
did prior to Millers disclosure of the allegations or address what
standard would be used to determine if deaths were caused by delays.
Griffin did indicate the draft report would not be turned over to the
House committee.
The deliberative nature of the
draft report review and comment process is consistent with the
principle of inspectors general as independent and objective units of
government and long-standing OIG practice, Griffin said in his Aug. 22
response.
I can assure you that minimal changes
were made to the draft report following receipt of the VAs comments
and that changes were made solely for the purposes of clarity, and in no
way altered the substance of the report, Griffin
added.
Gromek said Thursday that the initial allegations from
Foote were sent to the IGs Office of Healthcare Inspections. After
Miller raised the issue in April, the IG expanded the probe to include its
offices of audits and investigation.
Gromek
did not immediately know how much information about what it later
called systemic falsification of appointment records had been discovered
by the IG prior to Millers announcement.
As
to providing a copy of the draft report, Gromek said if it is
released to the committee it would be for the purposes of congressional
oversight, and should not be disclosed
publicly.
Washington Office
2443 Rayburn HOB
Washington, D.C. 20515
Phone: (202)
225-7882
Fax: (202)
226-4623
District Office
Cherry Creek
Place IV
3300 S. Parker Road,
Suite #305
Aurora, CO
80014
Phone: (720) 748-7514
Fax: (720) 748-7680
Unsubscribe
|
Update My Profile
|
Privacy Policy
