
Friday, September 12, 2014
Never Forget
My wife, Kris, and my children Patrick (left), Duncan (middle), and Bridget (right) at the groundbreaking for the Flight 93 National Memorial Visitors Center in Somerset County, Pa.
The
Flight 93 National Memorial
in Somerset County, Pa. is a lasting tribute to the brave men and women aboard United Flight 93 whose heroism saved the lives of many Americans.
For my wife, Kris, and me, this site is close to our hearts.
I took some time on Thursday to stop by the Flight 93 marker in the U.S. Capitol building and reflect upon the sacrifices made that day.
Kris traveled to the Memorial for the commemoration and wrote a lovely article about her recollection of that day and about efforts to honor the bravery of the passengers and crew.
Read her piece in the Johnstown Tribune Democrat
here .
Honoring Our Fallen Heroes
On Wednesday, my colleagues and I attended a moving event. The Congressional Gold Medal Ceremony in honor of the Fallen Heroes of 9/11 paid tribute to the victims and their families of the terrorist attacks on September 11, 2001, and the first responders who bravely ran towards chaos and destruction in order to save the lives of countless Americans.
We will never forget.
Calling Upon The Senate To Act
On Tuesday, I was joined by U.S. Representatives
Mike Fitzpatrick
(R-Pa.),
Frederica Wilson
(D-Fla.), and
Steve Stivers
(R-Ohio), and a number of child advocates and law enforcement officials to call upon the Senate to take long-overdue action on my bipartisan bill to keep predators out of our kids' classrooms. Every story of child abuse by a school employee represents a tragedy, a childhood shattered, and a family torn by grief. As our children go back to school, the Senate needs to act to keep our kids safe.
You can watch my statement
here
and read more about my efforts
here .
Reducing The VA Backlog And Helping Veterans
On Tuesday, I participated in a bipartisan Senate VA Backlog Working Group Roundtable meeting with Senator Bob Casey. We are working to address the unacceptable backlog at the U.S. Department of Veterans Affairs.
It was helpful to hear directly from veterans, veteran service organizations, and VA personnel about how we can improve the delivery of benefits to those who served.
Victory At Lake Erie
The Battle of Lake Erie
took place on September 10, 1813. The U.S. Naval Fleet, stationed at Presque Isle Bay, consisted of nine vessels and was under the command of Commodore Oliver Hazard Perry.
The fleet sustained heavy losses and damages during the first two hours of the battle. Commodore Perry refused to surrender. He courageously boarded a small rowboat, traversed a half-mile through hostile waters, and transferred his command to the U.S. Brig Niagara.
Upon assuming control of the Niagara, Commodore Perry was able to outmaneuver the entire British fleet and force their subsequent surrender. The victory solidified American control of Lake Erie for the duration of the conflict, enabling U.S. forces to retake Detroit and win further battles in the Old Northwest and the Niagara Valley.
HOW CAN I HELP?
EMAIL US
FEDERAL GRANTS
VISITING D.C.
FLAG REQUESTS
FEDERAL AGENCY HELP
MORE
WHERE I STAND
Budget, Jobs &amp; the Economy
Education
Energy
Health Care
Israel and the Middle East
Life, Family and Marriage
National Security and Defense
Veterans
IN THE NEWS
News
Photo Blog
Video
Audio
Official Photos
Newsletter Archive
PLEASE CONTACT SENATOR TOOMEY AT ONE OF THE FOLLOWING OFFICES:
ALLENTOWN, PA
PH: (610) 434-1444
ERIE, PA
PH: (814) 453-3010
HARRISBURG, PA
PH: (717) 782-3951
JOHNSTOWN, PA
PH: (814) 266-5970
PHILADELPHIA, PA
PH: (215) 241-1090
PITTSBURGH, PA
PH: (412) 803-3501
SCRANTON, PA
PH: (570) 941-3540
WASHINGTON, D.C.
PH: (202) 224-4254
For more information, news, and contact details, please visit us at
http://toomey.senate.gov Unsubscribe
