
If you are
having trouble viewing this message or would like to share it on a social
network, you can
view the
message online .
HOME
NEWS
SERVICES
LEGISLATION
CONTACT
September 15, 2014
Combating the Threat of
Terrorism
This past Thursday was the 13th anniversary of
the terrorist attacks of 9/11. It was a time to honor the memory of
those souls that were lost on September 11, 2001, and to express our
gratitude for the courage and sacrifice of the first responders and
others who ran toward danger to save lives.
Over the years since 9/11, through the heroic service of our
military and our intelligence community, through the hard-work and
vigilance of local, state and national authorities, we have protected
our homeland and taken the fight to those who seek to murder innocent
men, women and children. Its a fight that continues today. As we have
been reminded in the past months and as the president outlined in his
speech to the nation last week regarding the ISIS army in Iraq and
Syria, the threat of terrorism remains. It is born of instability and
extremist ideology and intent on fomenting more of
both.
At times like these, the world understandably
turns to America for leadership. In his speech last week, the president
attempted to lay out what role he thinks America should have and the
actions we should take to combat the threat of ISIS to America,
American interest and allies. Its unfortunate that it has taken the
president this long to begin to put forward his plan
particularly after the
threat of ISIS has been obvious for some time now and years of a
misguided lead-from-behind foreign policy has created vacuums filled by
further instability and violence in the Middle East and elsewhere. I
look forward to a candid discussion with my colleagues in Congress about
the presidents newfound strategy and make a determination on whether
theres a true plan here that reflects and can competently address the
threats we face.
America must
do whats necessary to defend individual freedom and our way of life.
Above all, we will never let such violence or those who would
perpetrate such attacks intimidate America or go
unanswered.
Please Feel Free to Tell a
Friend E-mail:
E-mail: E-mail:
Share on Facebook Share on Twitter
Washington DC Office
100 Cannon House Office Building
Washington DC 20515
Phone:
202-225-4501
Fax:
202-225-4656
District Office:
85-C Mill Street, Suite 300
Roswell, GA 30075
Phone:
770-998-0049
Fax: 770-998-0050
Internet:
Web:
http://tomprice.house.gov
E-mail:
E-mail Tom by clicking
here
Unsubscribe
|
Update My
Profile
|
Privacy Policy
gateway mail end 