
If you are having
trouble viewing this message or would like to share it on a social
network, you can
view the
message online .
September 08, 2014
Join My Tele-Townhall on October
10
During the month of August I held six town hall meetings across
the state of Utah.
Many of you showed up to these events, and I
value the feedback I received.
I am looking forward to keeping
this dialogue going in my next tele-townhall.
You can sign up to
attend here:
http://www.lee.senate.gov/public/index.cfm/tele-townhall-meetings
A Visit to
SwitchPoint
In a recent trip to St. George, I was invited to tour
Switchpoint: a new facility in the area that provides temporary
shelter and support for the homeless community in Washington county.
I was joined by St. George City Councilmembers Bette Arial, Michele
Randall, and Jimmy Hughes; Mayor John Pike; and City Manager Gary
Esplin.
Carol Hollowell is the director of Switchpoint, and she led
the tour.
Last November, I delivered
a speech about reducing poverty entitled,
Bring Them
In .
In this passage from the speech I highlighted one of the
principles for reducing poverty that is often forgotten in policy
debates:
We usually refer to the
free market and civil society as institutions. But really, they are
networks of people and information and opportunity. What makes these
networks uniquely powerful is that they impel everyone
regardless of
race, religion, or wealth - to depend not simply on themselves or the
government, but on each other. For all Americas reputation for
individualism and competition, our nation has from the beginning been built
on a foundation of community and cooperation.
In a free market economy and voluntary civil society,
no matter your career or your cause, your success depends on your
service. The only way to get ahead is to help others do the same. The
only way to look out for yourself is to look out for your
neighbors.
As I toured Switchpoint, I was convinced that their
model that relies primarily on the institutions of civil society is a
model that policies that are intended to reduce poverty need to
follow.
The institutions of government had a small role to play in
helping Switchpoint secure their building.
One of their innovations of
the facility is to designate an area where 17 non-profit partners and
local government agencies can be available to those who visit the
facility.
The bulk of the effort that is utilized to run this
facility is provided by volunteers.
Local organizations of
contractors and local businesses donated materials and labor for renovating and
modernizing the facility.
Another group donated computers that
can be used by those who visit the facility to search for work, fill
out forms and paper work, participate in job training programs, and
develop new skills.
Religious groups donated crucial resources and
volunteers as well.
Donated Materials and Bedroom Furniture
Computer Kiosks for Donated
Computers
Aside from this community assistance, much of the operation of
the facility will depend on the volunteer work of those who are
receiving its services.
While I was touring the kitchen, a woman who
was receiving assistance from Switchpoint was helping maintain the
kitchen and preparing lunch.
Learning About Kitchen Volunteer Program
I was
certainly impressed by Switchpoint's innovative approach to making
poverty more temporary, but I was not surprised to see this innovation
coming from from my fellow Utahns.
This is why as part of my
Conservative Reform Agenda , my proposals that are
designed to provide opportunity and upward mobility to those who are
struggling focus primarily on shifting power from Washington DC to the states,
local governments, and local communities that can truly make a
difference to those they serve.
Americans need a new,
comprehensive anti-poverty agenda that not only corrects
but transcends
existing policies, and I believe Switchpoint is an organization
that proves we can meet this challenge.
Share on
Facebook Share on
Twitter
Washington, D.C. Office
316 Hart Senate Office Building
Washington, D.C., 20510
Phone:
202.224.5444
Fax: 202.228.1168
Salt Lake
City
Wallace F. Bennett
Federal Building
125 South State, Suite
4225
Salt Lake City, UT 84138
Phone: 801.524.5933
Fax: 801.524.5730
St. George
Office of Senator Michael S. Lee
285 West Tabernacle, Suite 200
St. George, UT
84770
Phone: 435.628.5514
Unsubscribe
|
Update My
Profile
|
Privacy Policy
gateway mail
end 