
September 19, 2014
WEBSITE
|
FORWARD TO A FRIEND
| SHARE ON:
Update on Our Lagoon, All Aboard Florida
Fighting for Our Lagoon
This week I joined with Florida delegation Members from both sides of the aisle in both the House and the Senate to introduce legislation authorizing funding for the Central Everglades Planning Project (CEPP) immediately upon final approval from the U.S. Army Corps of Engineers. ( Read more ).
For too long, our Treasure Coast-Palm Beach community has suffered the devastating consequences of decisions made decades ago to disrupt the natural flow of the Everglades, resulting in toxic discharges and polluted runoff that inundate our vital waterways.
This project is a step towards reversing those damaging decisions and restoring our precious River of Grass by helping move water from Lake Okeechobee south along the slow, shallow path waters historically followed towards the Florida Bay.
Despite strong advocacy for the Everglades by members of the Florida delegation, Leadership in Congress has historically dragged its feet on delivering the funding necessary to restore our waterways.
Delay hurts the quality of life for millions of Floridians and damages our fragile, unique ecosystem.
However, the dramatic "Lost Summer of 2013" brought our local plight to the national stage.
In addition to this most recent legislation, I was pleased to see the House Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure passed legislation, which incorporated a bill Representative Bill Posey and I introduced, the Estuary Urgent Needs Priority Program Act, to prioritize funding within the National Estuary Program for high priority needs that face the the nation's estuaries including our own on the Treasure Coast. ( Read more ).
While these recent victories for our rivers are important steps towards restoring our damaged waterways and way of life, we cannot let up.
I remain committed to fighting for both short-term and long-term solutions to help improve the health of our waterways.
Update: All Aboard Florida
Today, the draft environmental impact statement (EIS) for All Aboard Florida (AAF) was released by the Federal Railroad Administration (FRA).
While I will be spending the weekend carefully going through it, I wanted to make sure you got it immediately.
You can view the draft EIS here:
https://www.fra.dot.gov/Page/ P0672 .
There will now be a 75 day public comment period, which you can participate in by sending your comments to FRA at the address below or electronically via:
AAF_comments@vhb.com .
All comments must be received by December 3, 2014.
FRA Address for Public Comments:
Mr. John Winkle
Federal Railroad Administration
1200 New Jersey Avenue, SE, Room W38-311
Washington, DC 20590
Additionally, the FRA will be hosting several local information meetings, taking place in Miami, Fort Lauderdale, West Palm Beach, Stuart, Port St. Lucie, Vero Beach, Cocoa, and Orlando over the last week of October and first two weeks of November. This includes meetings at the West Palm Beach Marriott from 3:30pm-7:00pm on October 29th, The Kane Center in Stuart from 3:30pm-7:00pm on October 30th, and the Port St. Lucie Civic Center from 3:30pm-7:00pm on November 6th.
For a full list of meeting dates, times, and locations, please visit:
https://www.fra.dot.gov/Page/ P0672
I encourage all residents of the Treasure Coast and Palm Beaches to participate in this public comment period to make sure our community concerns continue to be heard and considered before the final EIS is released.
Feel free to share this newsletter with others who may be interested in staying up to date on All Aboard Florida, the Indian River Lagoon, and other issues impacting our community.
To receive future email updates like this one,
click here .
Combatting
Anti-Semitism
This week, I led a bipartisan delegation of 79 Members of Congress in sending a letter to the Department of States Special Envoy to Monitor and Combat Anti-Semitism expressing concern about the dramatic increase in anti-Semitic demonstrations around the world since the recent conflict between Israel and Hamas. ( Read more ).
Our nation must continue to lead the fight against anti-Semitism wherever it occurs. By working to stem the troubling rise of hateful attacks, we help foster an environment conducive to long-term peace across our global community.
I am proud to have broad bipartisan support from both sides of the aisle for this important issue.
VAWA's 20th Anniversary
On September 13 th , we recognized the 20th anniversary of the Violence Against Women Act (VAWA).
While we celebrate this milestone, it is clear the battle to end domestic violence continues today.
Domestic violence is an issue that, sadly, affects all of our communities.
That is why in July, I introduced a bipartisan bill to protect and assist survivors of domestic violence by making it easier for survivors and their families to get access to their own vital documents in their most critical hour--when they are attempting to break free from their abusers.
This would empower survivors to preserve their newfound safety and unlock greater opportunities to lead a life without violence.
Protecting survivors of domestic violence is an issue that affects our entire society that we can--and must--work to prevent.
To stay up-to-date on my work representing the Treasure Coast and Palm Beaches, please follow me on the following social media channels:
Facebook ,
Twitter ,
Instagram ,
YouTube , and
Flickr .
NOTE: Please DO NOT respond to this email as this inbox is unattended. To contact my office please
click here
UPDATE SUBSCRIPTION OPTIONS
|
PRIVACY POLICY
|
CONTACT US
Click Here Click Here