
If you are having
trouble viewing this message or would like to share it on a social
network, you can
view the
message online .
About
Contact
Services
Media Center
Legislation
Issues
Resources
August 17, 2014
Friends,
North Carolinas
businesses are a vital component of our national economy and must be
afforded every opportunity to prosper, grow and create jobs.
Its a state priority, as well as one of my own, to support industries
and small businesses that drive our economy and create jobs in our
local communities.
Now more than ever our businesses and workers
need real solutions to help create jobs, build a healthy economy, and
provide more opportunity. Unfortunately, our small businesses and
industries struggle as they are forced to comply with more rules, more
paperwork and more red tape coming out of
Washington.
Im determined
to change course by getting government out of the way so that our
small businesses can thrive and hardworking people can find good
jobs.
Our federal agencies are run by folks who dont understand how
our local businesses operate and make it harder for businesses to grow
and hire. As your Representative, I remain committed to working with
both Republicans and Democrats to cultivate an environment where small
businesses can succeed, entrepreneurs can create jobs, and workers can
get back into the labor force.
You can learn more about my
jobs plan at
Hudson.House.Gov/JOBS .
In an
effort to give you the opportunity to join the conversation and meet with
federal government officials to discuss these policies that affect
your livelihood and your community,
I invite you to attend the
North Carolina Business and Economic Development
Summit
on September 8 and 9 in Washington,
D.C.
This annual
two-day event provides business leaders from across the state the
opportunity to collaborate, network and discuss shared legislative and
business concerns.
Last year, nearly 300 business leaders
attended the summit, built relationships with their U.S. Representatives
and discussed ways to spur economic growth and bring jobs home to North
Carolina. Attendees from our district included representatives from
multiple Chambers of Commerce and leaders from the transportation,
manufacturing, healthcare, education, hospitality, motion picture,
education, energy, and financial industries. On top of the invaluable
collaboration, attendees heard from special guests, including business leaders
from North Carolina, officials from the Administration and Capitol
Hill, as well as political
commentators.
As your Representative, I have made
it a top priority to meet with businesses and educators in our
community to understand the challenges we face when it comes to economic
growth and job creation. Economic growth comes when American families and
businesses are given the opportunity to work, save and invest. Job
creation begins with getting government out of the way so that our local
job creators and entrepreneurs to rejuvenate business and put people
back to work.
To me, the most valuable part of the summit is
hearing firsthand from summit attendees about what I can do to support
our entrepreneurs and job creators at
home.
I look
forward to continuing this important conversation with folks from our
district this year at the
North Carolina Business and
Economic Development Summit .
Please join me and my colleagues,
U.S. Representatives G.K. Butterfield, Renee Ellmers, George Holding,
Walter Jones, Mike McIntyre, Robert Pittenger, David Price, Virginia
Foxx, and Howard Coble for this important event on
Monday,
September 8 and Tuesday, September 9 in Washington, D.C.
For
more information and to register for the event, please click
here .
Until next
week,
Richard
Hudson
Member of Congress
(NC-08)
Concord
Office
325 McGill Ave, NW
Suite 500
Concord, NC 28027
Phone: (704) 7861612
Rockingham
Office
1015 Fayetteville Rd
Rockingham, NC 28379
Phone: (910)
9972070
Washington
D.C. Office
429 Cannon HOB
Washington, DC 20515
Phone:
(202) 2253715
Unsubscribe
|
Update My
Profile
|
Privacy Policy
gateway mail
end 